tt1245701
Reality-TV
AFI'S 10 TOP 10, a new chapter in AFIs Award-winning AFI's 100 Years... series, counts down the 10 greatest films from 10 classic American film genres, including animation, fantasy, science fiction, gangster, western, sports, romantic comedy, courtroom drama, mystery and epic films. In this three-hour primetime television event, originally broadcast June 17, 2008 on CBS, todays top film artists help count down the 10 greatest movies in 10 classic genres as chosen by a blue-ribbon panel of leaders from the film community.
tt0991005
Drama
Riz Ahmed (The Road to Guantanamo) and Manjinder Virk (Bradford Riots) play brother and sister Sohail and Nasima. Sohail is an ambitious law undergraduate who signs up with MI5 and, eager to play a part in protecting British security, begins an investigation into a terrorist cell. His sister Nasima is a medical student in Leeds who becomes increasingly alienated and angered by Britain's foreign and domestic policy after witnessing at first hand the relentless targeting of her Muslim neighbours and peers. With action set in Pakistan, Eastern Europe, London and Leeds, both feature-length episodes detail a tragic sequence of events from two distinct perspectives. At the heart of this thought-provoking drama is a revealing examination of British Muslim life under current anti-terror legislation. Britz ultimately asks whether the laws we think are making us safer, are actually putting us in greater danger. Written and directed by the acclaimed Peter Kosminsky, Britz marks his return to Channel 4 after the BAFTA-winning success of The Government Inspector.
tt1146433
Animation,Short,Family
It's coming up on Christmastime, and the Chipmunks are eager for the big day to arrive. David Seville books studio time for them to record a Christmas song, while Alvin, Simon and Theodore go window-shopping. Alvin has with him his prized possession: The Golden Echo Harmonica. While carrying it around, he notices a mother and daughter looking at one on display. The girl eagerly wishes to get it for her little brother Tommy, who is very sick. These words stick with Alvin for the rest of the day, and keep him from performing properly at the recording studio. Requesting a break from Dave, Alvin rushs off and finds the family. Giving Tommy his own harmonica (claiming it is a department store prize that Tommy won), Alvin then returns to the studio, where he now has the strength to finish singing the song "Christmas Time is Here" with his brothers. Later that evening, Simon and Theodore are happy for Alvin's generosity, but Alvin is worried about telling Dave about giving away the harmonica (since Dave got it as a gift for Alvin). Alvin's fears are soon increased when the boys are requested to perform at Carnegie Hall on Christmas Eve...with a request for Alvin to do a harmonica solo! Theodore and Simon help Alvin try to get enough money for a new harmonica, but when Dave thinks Alvin's quest for money is for selfish reasons, he disappointedly sends Alvin to his room, claiming Alvin is not thinking of the true spirit of Christmas. The next day, Simon and Theodore give Alvin all their money to help his cause, even though Alvin still doesn't have enough. As Alvin leaves, Dave wonders where he's going, when he receives a call from Tommy's mother, realizing now just why Alvin's been acting so strangely. At the department store, Alvin laments his lack of funds for the harmonica, when a kindly old woman appears, wanting to buy him one. In return, she requests Alvin play a song. After playing "Silent Night," Alvin is met by Dave and his brothers. Dave commends Alvin for his generosity, and apologizes for doubting him. Alvin wants to introduce Dave to the woman who bought him his new harmonica, but she has now disappeared! They quickly get going to Carnegie Hall, where Alvin meets Tommy backstage. Alvin's gift has made Tommy feel better, and Alvin brings his new friend on stage, to play "Deck the Halls." The show ends with Santa Claus flying over the city, before returning home to his wife...who just happens to be the nice old lady who bought Alvin the harmonica!
tt1043434
Documentary,Comedy
23 of 23 people found the following review helpful: Funny and clean, August 25, 2007 By Brian Reaves (Anniston, AL USA) - See all my reviews Brian Regan is a great comedian for the whole family. My wife and kids love walking through the house yelling "What's the score, Brian?" "Snowcone! Whole snowcone for half game!" He's a great guy, and his humor is something you can enjoy with everyone. If you own his live CD or earlier DVD, you'll find this contains almost all new material. One of the bonus features is his encore in which he does requests from the audience from his material. It's stuff you've heard before, but the funny way he points that out is hilarious ("You're out there going, 'Yep, that's the way I memorized it.'") His first Comedy Central Presents appearance is included and there's no repeats from the "Standing Up" special in it. If this is your first introduction to Brian's comedy, it's a great place to start. Grab his live CD next. The CC Presents half-hour show has some of that material on it, but it's still funny. I wish there were more comedians out there like Brian. He manages to be funny without ever being vulgar. I don't know why he isn't more popular, but with his CC sponsored national tour maybe he'll finally get the exposure he deserves. Keep up the great work, Brian!
tt1101637
Drama
In The Beckoning Silence, Joe Simpson--whose amazing battle for survival featured in the multi-award winning "Touching the Void"--travels to the treacherous North Face of the Eiger to tell the story of one of mountaineerings most epic tragedies. As a child, it was this story and that of one of the climbers in particular, that first captured Simpsons imagination and inspired him to take up mountaineering. Toni Kurz was a brilliant young mountaineer, who along with three other climbers tried to climb the mountain in 1936, which was then the last great unconquered peak in the Alps. Their assault on the mountain started well, but then disaster struck. One by one Kurzs colleagues were killed, leaving him alone, hanging on the end of a rope fighting for his life in the most horrific of circumstances. Over 50 years later in Peru, Kurzs story haunted Simpson as he battled for his own survival while hanging in mid-air. His plight uncannily mirrored that of Kurz--except, against all the odds, Simpson lived whilst his hero had perished. The Beckoning Silence tells the story of Kurzs heroic battle for survival, but in the process it also forces Simpson to confront a fundamental question: why continue climbing when you have come so close to oblivion? In this gripping, action-packed adventure film with a difference, Simpson finally confronts his demons on the Eigers North Face, and rediscovers the thrill of the climb that once made him feel so alive.
tt0085231
Comedy,Family
This is a made for tv adaptation of Barbara Robinson's novel The Best Christmas Pageant Ever. Loretta Swit of M*A*S*H stars as Grace Bradley who inherits the job of running her church's Christmas pageant when the woman who usually does it breaks her leg tripping over the extremely long wire she has on her telephone. Not only does Grace inherit this disaster it gets worse when the Herdman kids - all six of them. The Herdmans are notorious for abusing each other and stealing from and abusing other kids as well. They smoke, steal, lie, bully and generally create havoc in their town. Their father disappeared years earlier and mother works two shifts at the shoe factory to support herself and the kids while the kids run wild. But this WILL be the best Christmas pageant ever when the Herdman kids learn the Christmas story and teach the Sunday school class about the true meaning of Christmas.
tt0117574
Crime,Drama,Mystery
FIRST EPISODE Credits and images of burning candles spilling red wax, as if it was blood. The kitchen of a café turning hamburgers. Two police officers in street clothes drive by while eating the hamburgers and an apple. Dispatch calls them about a call which looks unimportant, shouting at a house. Everything looks normal and quiet at Leven Road. Detective Hal Hawksley (Christopher Fulord) is let in by a fat woman with a blood stain in her face. That is Olive Martin (Pauline Quirke), she says something about the kitchen. There, there's a dead body covered in blood - presumably we see first the dead body of Gwen Martin (Yvonne D'Alpra), the mother. The view startles Hawksley, who passes out. Geoff Wyatt (James McCarthy) knocks on the door and is allowed to enter. Later, Olive says that she hasn't done anything to dispatch through the officer's radio. Olive is sentenced to two life sentences. She's admitted to have murdered her mother and sister. Rosalind 'Roz' Leigh (Caroline Goodall) is a clumsy journalist at a party. Her editor Iris, (Lynda Rooke), presses her to write a new novel. She pressures her because she needs the money. Roz goes to the prison to see Olive. A prison officer (Sophie Stanton) gives her instructions to follow during the interview. Roz takes out a recording machine. Olive looks petrified, all sweaty, pale, and as fat as always. Olive asks Roz if she's afraid of her - Olive says that she scares everybody, but that's normal. Olive turns off the recording machine. She starts talking about her father Robert (Barry Woolgar), who died 6 months ago of natural causes, and Alison, her sister, whom she can't remember. Roz gives Olive the only thing she can give her: a cigarette. Olive takes the lead and learns that Roz is divorced, without children. Olive says she's annoyed with Peter Crew (Michael Percival), who tried to certify her as paranoid schizophrenic; Olive only admits to have a compulsion to eat; she also says that Roz never met her mother, and that by her own standards, she never did anything wrong. Olive cuts the conversation short, but says she'll meet her next week. Roz goes to Crew and Dougdale Solicitors. Olive did it on her birthday. She is called the sculptress because of the way she worked on the dead bodies. Her father is the one who's paid for her legal defense. Olive is afraid of mad people, that's why she didn't make an insanity plead. She started working on her mother when she was still alive and spent hours doing so. Crew phones somebody to talk about Roz's visit. Olive goes to the prison chapel and wakes Father Julian (Dermot Crowley). Olive asks for a new diary with religious quotes for each day; while the priest goes to pick one, Olive steals a wax candle and hides it among her loose outfit. Father Julian tells him that next time, they will pray together. Her mother had gone to her office job in a bad mood. Roz feeds her cat while listening to Olive's recording on her second visit. Olive's non-chalant attitude scares the hell out of Roz, who tries to quit the project. Iris gets mad at her because of that. Iris tells her to give Olive a last visit before quitting. Roz remembers herself as a child, or her own child being taken away. She takes a bouquet of flowers to a river. Olive carves on the candle. A male's voice phones Roz and tells her "I need to see you" and scares her in the night. Olive tells her of doing a "quid pro quo" trust. Olive asks to see a photo of Roz's late child in exchange of some incredible information - in fact, Olive considers herself to be "good with children". Olive says that Roz is obsessed with her ex, and admits to having lost a child at 13. Olive works at the prison kitchen. Somebody throws a potato to her when she's taking the rubbish out. Roz goes to Olive's neighbourhood, but the lady at number 20, Sally Wyatt (Felicity Finch), tells her away. A man at number 24 lets her in. Olive was educated by nuns; people at that time thought that it may have been the father, not Olive, who did it. Sister Bridget (Maureen O'Brien) says that Olive adored and protected her younger sister Amber (Karen Westwood), who was prettier but with more character faults. Julian tells Olive that there's beauty in life, and gives her a flower. He wants to make a pact with Olive he'd quit smoking if she quits eating compulsively. Olive is afraid that that's the only thing left for her, but Julian tells he that now god is in her side. Olive has carved one fat female figure and a thin one. Roz goes to a pub in dire straits called The Poacher. It's raining cats and dogs outside. Detective Hawksley enters and speaks to her; he is afraid of somebody wrecking the place, and doesn't want to talk to her. A car is thrown at Roz, crashing onto the pub - nobody was driving it. Hawksley goes out to see what's happening holding a baseball bat menacingly. Robert Martin could have given Olive an alibi. The new neibourgh had redecorated. The Clarkes were the old inhabitants in the house, Edward Clarke (David Horovitch) and Leslie (Ann Davies); she was not there when Roz spoke to Edward. An estate agent (John Bowler) gives info about the house. Lily Taylor (Joolia Cappleman) said that Olive was a good worker; she had a good-for-nothing boyfriend. He was Gary O'Brien (Andrew Tiernan). Olive says to Julian that she'd like to be beautiful and asks him if god sees everybody all the time; he says that we are never alone. Hawksley is mending the door at The Poacher - he says that Olive wanted to confess and can't believe that Gary was Olive's boyfriend, he even suggests that Olive may have never had an abortion. Hawksley makes a pass at Roz, but then he says that he was winding her up. Roz gets annoyed but kisses him on the lips. Marnie O'Brien (Wendy Nottingham), Gary's older sibling, works at a delivery place and she speaks to Roz; she also thinks that Gary wouldn't have looked twice to Olive. Reggie Wheelan (Jim Barclay) inquiries about a particular delivery which had already been taken care of. Olive asks another prison officer (Maureen Hibbert) about Roz not coming. Olive gets hysterical in her cell because Roz didn't come, and she wrecks everything, even a washbasin. She has to be taken away between several prison officers and is put in the isolation ward. Roz comes back home to look at the photograph of Olive's father. May he have been the father of Olive's lost child? Roz says that she is sorry, but she is impatient - she is not even sure that Olive wants her to write that book. Olive gets angry when Roz mentions that Gary was her lover. Olive admits that she invented her abortion because she wanted people to think that somebody somewhere fancied her. Roz's idea that her father must have abused her is false as well - Olive says that her father was homosexual. SECOND EPISODE Mr Wheelan lets Roz talk to Marnie, who now says that she doesn't recognise the the man in the photograph. Roz thinks that Marnie knows more about the murder than what she wants to say. Hawksley is mending the roof of The Poacher and says that he doesn't understand why Roz is interested in a monster. Hawksley will give Roz copies of the crime reports and has bought himself a new security system. Robert Martin and Edward Clarke used to be lovers for quite a long time, and they would see each other at Robert's home for hours and hours. She thinks that he was the killer of his wife and daughter. Mrs Clarke's was his alibi but she protected him because she didn't want the affair - known to her - to become vox populi. Hawksley takes Roz to the seaside. Roz confides on Hawksley that she had a six-year daughter who died in a car crash. Hal left the police because he couldn't see blood. He put all his money in the pub and he wanted to go into the kitchen. His wife left him for his workmate in the force. Roz jokes that as she is not making any progress, maybe she'll buy The Poacher. Hawksley gets angry with her, because The Poacher is not for sale - he'll show her why it's failing. She intended to crack a joke, but it deeply upset him. Julian thinks that Olive is praying and enters her cell but she's carving naked figures onto the wax candles she had stolen from the church. Julian tells the prison officers, who enter her cell to take them away. They make Olive to get naked and they register the cell while carelessly chewing gum. Olive is told to wait outside her cell - Julian leaves and one of them finds a carved naked woman hidden in a hole on the wall. When Roz and Hal arrive at The Poacher, two kids are using the ladder to get a football from the roof, and Hal scares them away. Roz tells him to cool off. Dina (Angela Belton) and some other inmates give their disgusting food to Olive so that she can stuff herself while she stares at Julian, who leaves the restaurant hall. Mrs Clarke doesn't want to speak to Roz at the beginning, but then she accepts. Roz calls on her while Edward is away. She was listening to classical music. Edward had already talked to her about Roz writing a book. Out of the blue, Mrs Clarke says that she doesn't like the colour red. Mrs Clarke looks confused, but it seems that she saw Amber but didn't tell to the police. Leslie Clarke looks out of reality because of her senile dementia, and she may dislike the red colour because she saw the blood. Roz tells Edward, who has just arrived from the street, that she knows about him and Martin. He puts her out anyway. Marnie has convinced Gary of talking to Roz for a price. Crew tells Olive that he has tried to locate her nephew in Australia, but he doesn't want to burden him with two murders. Roz sees Crew leaving. Olive says that Mrs Clarke was always potty and obsessed with cleaning. Olive says that she didn't do it. Roz calls on Gary, who is a drug addict living on the streets. Gary didn't shag Olive, but Amber liked it rough. At a Beachcomber hotel in West Beach Olive used to meet with an older man. Mrs Runcorn (Paula Jacobs) tells Roz that she came on the Indian summer. It was Edward Clarke who had gone to the hotel with Olive. Roz drives home while listening to a tape of Olive's words. The Poacher is closed but Hal lets her in. It's a cold rainy night. Hawksley gives Roz the crime scene report. He tells his story: he was a happy chef at The Poacher, which was doing well. A health inspector found rotten meat with maggots in the freezer, and more disgusting things, so he called The Poacher the most disgusting place he'd ever seen, and the event got to the first page of the local paper. Hawksley was pressured to sell but didn't give in. Coming back to Olive's case, Roz thinks that Mrs Clarke lied. She couldn't have children, and Edward lost his and Olive's child. Hal reminds Roz that nothing can be proved because of Leslie's dementia. Hal finally gives in and admits that Olive may have been innocent. They hear a soft noise, and they think it's a thug sent by the person who wants to buy The Poacher. Hal goes to Bedroom 4, whose light is on in the alarm board, but he doesn't realise that a gloved hand is controlling it. Then is bedroom 2, which looks empty. The burglars attack Roz, who screams. Hal wins over the two burglars. Rox runs away to use the nearest phone box outside to call the police, while Hal interrogates one of the burglars. While she is at it, they burglars attack Hal, open the gas and set The Poacher on fire. Luckily, Hal can jump outside before everything explodes. The police arrive. At Peter Crew's office, Hal looks for some documents. A security guard (Luing Andrews) arrives but doesn't notice Hal. Hawksley goes to Roz's home. They have sex that night. The following morning, Hal sees a photo of Roz with her daughter. Hal has learned that the men at The Poacher had been sent by Crew, and he put the files from his computer onto a floppy disc. They have problems to find the password anyway, but it was POACHER. Roz and Hal go to number 24, Albert Hayes (Timothy Bateson). We already know that the son, called Geoff (James McCarthy), is working for Crew. Hal feels an inspiration and enters room 22, where he sees again Olive messy with blood and the dead bodies of Amber and Gwen Martin. They see a damaged garden door, which gives them the idea that Olive couldn't have burned anything - at that moment there was a burned smell on the air - because she wasn't even there. Olive tells Julian that he should be happy for her, because she will be free son, but Julian insults her stating that he can only see "a wretched soul" who won't admit to the damage she's caused. She is a woman who "lives in a fantasy land of lies and manipulation". Olive is disappointed that Father Julian doesn't like her. Julian tells her that her "sophisticated friend" Roz is not interested in Olive, as she's only "material" for a cheap thriller she wants to write. Julian scares Olive saying that, even if she's let free, Olive will be on her own because Roz won't take care of her, and that being alone "is exactly what you deserve". Olive looks distraught about Julian's words. Sally doesn't know what Geoff Hayes (Ian Reddington) does for a living; but Hal has proof that Crew is giving him money to buy land aroudn The Poacher. He plays golf at a back yard and behaves like a small-time mafia don. Hal and Roz visit Crew about The Poacher. Olive's nephew died many years ago in a fire, so Crew pretended that he was difficult to find to get more and more of Olive Martin's money, money she inherited from her late father Robert. Olive stares at nothing during kitchen duty. Olive shouts to Roz that she's just using her "to write [her] bloody book". Roz stands up and tells her "So you want to stay here?" and calls for the prison officer to let her out. Olive asks her to stay, but not in so many words. Roz tells her that she believes that she didn't do that - Olive can't even look at the photographs of the murder. Olive says that Amber made her mother's life a living hell. Roz's deductions: Olive and Edward Clarke spent the night together at the Beachcomber, and when he knew that Olive was pregnant and had aborted his baby, he went to her home and killed Amber and Gwen. He was so angry because he wanted a baby for years, but Leslie his wife couldn't give him a child. Olive's story: Amber found out about Edward and Olive and teased her about their love letters. Gwen takes Amber's side and everything came out, even Olive's abortion from Edward. Her father was jealous of his lover's love for Olive, so he beat her. When Olive arrived to the house the following day, she found them dead. She tried to see if they were alive. She signed her confession because the police didn't let her eat during the interrogation until she had signed a full confession. Olive remembers Amber's laughing face and the splitting blood all over the place. In her memories, it looks as if Olive had killed Amber and Leslie saw her and started crying out that "God will never forgive you.". John appears at Olive's rooftop with her cat. He threatens to throw her out. He says that she's lucky that he doesn't want to kill her, and that if Hal doesn't sell The Poacher, next time he'll push her to her death. He gives back her recording machine. Hal tends to the terrified Roz and hits a window pane. Finally, Hal gives in and accepts Hayes' price for The Poacher. Roz and Hal call on Edward. Roz tells him that he knows he didn't do it. Leslie starts vacuum-cleaning. Leslie goes to clean in the kitchen. Edward admits he was the father's lover. Olive understood that he was not really homosexual - she was charming and understanding. He didn't blame his wife. Roz realises that it was Leslie Clarke's apron and that she had killed them because she knew about her husband's lover. Confused Mrs Clarke can't remember, until Roz insists and she goes ballistic and blandishes a huge kitchen knife. She only succeeds in hurting herself. An ambulance takes her away Roz has finally proved that Olive Martin is innocent. Graham Deedes (Colin Salmon) speaks to all the media stating that Olive Martin has been declared innocent, and that they can read every detail in Roz's upcoming book. Hal arrives to a business meeting where Geoff Hayes is explaining to some investors about his plans, but Hal interrupts the slides with pictures of Olive Martin's face to say that the only direct access to all the malls, cafés, chalés... that John wants to build is through the land where The Poacher stands, and it's not for sale, as he's changed his mind. Crew won't be able to invest any further in the project. Olive tells Father Julian that somebody else has confessed. She gives him a present - Julian still believes that Olive killed her mother and sister. Olive doesn't say one way or another. Father Julian opens the present and is a carved candle of a fat naked woman. He lets it fall to the floor and tear in half. Olive finally leaves the prison. Outside, Roz and Hal are waiting for her. Roz and Olive hug, but Hal looks at her with mistrusting eyes. Olive realises so but she closes her eyes and hangs onto Roz's hug. End credits ---written by KrystelClaire
tt0307734
Crime,Drama
Crime and Punishment is one of the most highly regarded works of Fyodor Dostoyevsky, a Russian novelist born in 1821. He was no stranger to the law, having spent four years in a labour camp after being involved in a radical socialist group. The book is considered to be the world's first psychological thriller. It's a gripping detective story, a fantastic piece of storytelling with a fascinatingly complex central character.
tt0825222
Biography,Drama
Kyle Graham is a boy who has autism. He doesn't talk to his family or anyone and it starts to cause problems with his parents marriage. They decide to get him a golden retriever dog to see if it would help him. At first they do not get along. When his grandparents try and get him more involved with the dog is when Kyle starts to get to like the dog. Kyle begins to hate his dog agane when his grandparents die. His parents try and help him but nothing works. Kyle ends up getting worse so his parents have to help him get along with the dog agane.
tt1042913
Drama
Imagine a school where you don't have to go to lessons, you make all the rules yourself and climbing trees and building boats are definitely part of the curriculum. That school exists. It's called Summerhill and it has been there for 70 years. Maddy and Ryan attend Summerhill and find it changes them in ways they would never imagine. But then when Ofsted Inspectors decide the school must close, Maddy and Ryan join forces with staff and pupils in a battle that goes to the very heart of the Government. Based on a true story, Summerhill is an enchanting drama that will captivate the whole family.
tt0093485
Biography,Drama
It is 1922. Robert Elliot Burns is having flashbacks of the horrors of the World War and is on the streets protesting for himself angry at his inability to find a job and society's apathy towards veterans. The next day, he is at his parents home and his brother Vincent, a minister, tries to console him. Elliot wants to go down to Florida to find work. Elliot is heading to Florida by train and by the time he stops outside of Atlanta, he is now a penniless vagrant. He joins a group of vagrants around a campfire that intend to rob him, but another man saves him from it. He offers Burns to help make some money and rob a country store. He wants to back out, but the man holds him at gunpoint to rob the cash register, which contains only $5. After knocking Burns out with his weapon and running away, Burns is apprehended by local police. He is taken to court and his lawyer tells him he should plead guilty. The judge gives him a trumped up sentence of six to ten years on the county chain gang. Burns is taken to the Fulton County chain gang to a foul camp of wooden shacks, stocks, sweatboxes, and pure filth. He has leg chains attached and meets the warden, Harold Hardy, a fat, angry, and spiteful man of Irish descent. Hardy tells him to feel guilty and get used to chain gang life to make it easier on himself. He has one of his guards, Mr. Trump, to escort Burns to his quarters. Burns is introduced to a foul shack of filthy, exhausted men and meets an elderly prisoner, Pappy Glue. He is introduced to an inedible meal of pig fat, bitter corn pone, and sorghum molasses and gags trying to eat it and gives his plate to a veteran prisoner enjoying and devouring it. The next morning, the men are awakened at 5:00. Burns sleeps through the removal of the chains and is thrown on the floor by Trump. The men are taken to a quarry to dig rocks out with a pickaxe for 15 hours a day, with only a short lunch break of cowpeas and corn mush. A fellow prisoner, Seals, falls over from exhaustion. Trump kicks him in the face and Seals pleads for water and to not be hit. That night after work, Seals is hung upside down and beaten five times with a leather strap by Trump and left there overnight. By dawn, he's died from the beatings and overwork and placed in a pine box The men are now digging out dirt with a pickaxe and struggling to "keep the lick" towards the end of their shift. A black prisoner sings "There's Gold in the Ground", to help the men keep working. That night, the men are having their chains checked and Warden Hardy wants to smell the men to make sure they put in a good days work. He taunts Burns asking how much he likes the chain gang and Burns smarts off to him about southern hospitality. He is taken by Hardy and two guards and put into a sweatbox until the next night. Burns is removed from the sweatbox and thrown onto the floor of the sleeping cabin. He declares to Pappy Glue he's leaving and Pappy Glue tells him he needs to get used to the life on the chain gang unless he wants to end up dead. Sometime later during lunch break of working on the railroad, Burns tries to talk Big Sam, a towering black prisoner, into bending his shackles with a sledgehammer so he can hang it on a limb. Sam does it with the guards backs turned and Burns is in extreme pain from it. That night, the men return to camp and Burns has his chains checked by Trump and they are checked out fine. Hardy is now asking Burns if he likes the chain gang and Burns obediently answers yes. In his bunk, Burns removes the shackles and Pappy Glue gives him $5 wishing him luck. The next day, Burns asks to "get out here", to use relieve himself in the woods. While out, he removes his shackles, then makes a run for it. The guards and dogs run after him and he takes a boat in the swamp. Warden Hardy is furious screaming out to Burns he promises to find him. Burns is at a train station in Marietta and just before boarding, he thinks the police are about to catch him. But instead they catch a vagrant. He boards the train and makes it across the Tennessee border. A year later, Burns is now living in Chicago and rents a room from Emily Pacheco, a Portuguese divorcee. She is a very nice and courteous, but overly possessive woman. He types a letter to his brother Vincent about his work status and trying to get authorities to convince them of his innocence. She tells Burns to stop writing and typing so much and they go to a movie together. She keeps trying to get Burns' interest, but he's not head over heels with her and just doesn't feel the chemistry, but nevertheless, they sleep together after he reveals to her about trying to start a magazine business and be a statesman. He moves forward with starting the business. Burns receives a letter from his brother Vincent that their father is dying. He goes back to New Jersey to attend the funeral afterwards. His mother is very upset that he wasn't ever able to come back to visit. Burns arrives home and Emily is all over him begging him to marry her, but he wants alone time. One day while cleaning Burns' room, Emily comes across some papers he's been typing and there are flashbacks to his time on the chain gang being put in a sweatbox and treated like an animal. Emily is disturbed at the writing. Burns makes it home that night after a very successful day of selling his first magazine subscription and she reveals the papers he's written. He's very distressed, but she consoles him and asks him to make love to her and blackmails him into marriage. By 1929, Burns is making it big in Chicago as a magazine publisher and motivational speaker. He's working long hours and Emily is becoming increasingly possessive and jealous. He's now fallen in love with another woman named Lilian Salo, much to Emily's dismay. He wants an amicable divorce, but she is furious and refuses. The next day at work, Burns is apprehended by police. Georgia authorities want Burns extradited back and leave it to Burns to decide to go back with the possibility of a pardon in 90 days, per visiting prison commissioner. And if he refuses, the authorities can extradite him back to Georgia with him serving the remainder of his sentence, plus additional time for escaping. Burns is returned to the Fulton County camp with Warden Hardy greeting him. It turns out he was duped and will have to serve out his sentence. Hardy berates Burns for his success and introduces the prisoners to him that they are not to ever talk to him and if Burns runs away again for the guards to kill him. A month later, Burns is out working and secretly asking prisoners of the whereabouts of Big Sam, the black prisoner, the helped him get away, and Pappy Glue. Big Sam clubbed a guard and escaped and Pappy Glue died from beatings soon after Burns escaped. Burns is angry and pauses for a few seconds and does not work and Trump detects him not working for a few seconds. That night at dinner, Hardy reads out a list of men not doing a hard days work and for them to get their whipping. Burns is included. Burns declares it's a lie, but none of the guards or Hardy defend him. He is tied to a tree and given ten lashes. Some time later, Lillian comes to visit Burns assuring him a clemency, parole, or pardon. They embrace and the guards try to remove him, but he resists it and is placed in the stocks. Warden Hardy assures Burns he won't live to see himself get out despite people from up north trying to do so and that the parole board turned him down. Burns' brother comes to visit sometime later and tells him that his business is gone, but indirectly signals to him that there is money left from his business hidden inside a package of Lucky Strike cigarettes to help him get out. A guard detects Vincent giving Burns a package of cigarettes and wants to check it, but just takes a few of them for himself and gives Burns the package back. Later on, Burns finds over $100 in cash in it and feels it will be his ticket to freedom. Burns is back working and Boss Trump has made him a trustee. He orders him to fill up the water pail while he goes in a country store to get a soda pop. While in the store, Burns talks to a local man that approaches him telling he's had the short end of the stick on what has happened to him and that he would get him out if he could. Burns shows him a $50 bill and asks him to meet him the next day with his car, a hacksaw, and a change of clothes to get him out of state. The next day, Burns is working diligently and the man shows up. He asks to "get out" to relieve himself, but the guard tells him to not go so far. He's running toward a car and the guard shoots at him for trying to escape. Warden Hardy is more furious than ever telling the guards they will lose their jobs if they don't catch him. Some time later, Burns is living anonymously typing a letter that he moves all over and can't keep jobs for long and a fugitive. He is writing a book about his time on the chain gang and it's horrific conditions. Burns briefly visits his brother about his situation, then visits his former love Lilian, who is now married. He later goes to a local library to read his published book and hears on the radio that it will be made into a movie. Burns anonymously attends a screening of the movie I am a Fugitive From a Chain Gang and has flashbacks to his time there. He is satisfied to find there has been made of movie of what he has been through. At the end of the movie, it is noted that Robert Elliot Burns finally received a pardon after many years of struggle in 1944 and that the Georgia chain gang system was abolished.
tt0443518
Drama,Romance
As powerful a film as I can remember, made more powerful by the subtle, gentle development of the two characters by Richard Curtis. Matters of the heart brought to the global stage so effectively that you cannot look away....cannot look away...cannot look away. A couple both as shy as each other meet in a cafe. There are no other tables and so Lawrence, a timid, dedicated civil servant finds himself sitting not quite opposite Gina, a quiet, beautiful young girl. They begin to talk haltingly to each other. She is a mystery but stirs something in Lawrence for the fist time in a long time. In a stumbling attempt Lawrence asks Gina out for dinner. To his surprise she agrees .He works for the Chancellor of the Exchequer and has to go to Iceland for the G8 Summit. The year is 2005. He asks her to go with him. She says yes. As he has not made it clear he needs 2 rooms, they are together in the hotel room with one double bed. He begs her to believe he did not do this on purpose. He explains to her about how important it is to get the Summit to agree to a promise they made in the year 2000 in regard to world poverty. Whilst there she implores the Chancellor to do the right thing for the people who are dying in the world every 3 seconds. This, of course, does not go down well with Lawrence's boss. To compound the problem she again speaks out passionately at the formal dinner where all of the Heads of State are attending. She is asked to leave and Lawrence is disgraced. He takes her to the airport devastated. He has lost his job and the woman he could have loved. Neither feel worthy of the other and they part. Lawrence stands at the airport screaming and crying. But wait - he calls her and tells her to turn on her television just as the results of the G8 summit are being announced..for which he and his fellow English people have fought valiantly, trying to keep alive the promises made in 2000. That's the last scene! In this movie appears Wolf Kahler who played Ludendorff, chemist and close friend of Fritz Shimon Haber's in Haber (2008).
tt0114182
Crime,Drama,Mystery
When his girlfriend wants to keep the light on while they have sex, Chris Hughes (Robert Glenister) is upset. We soon see him walk out the door while she asks him to talk to her. He runs through the neighbourhood. Meanwhile, Susan Covington (Beatie Edney) consoles her child. She goes downstairs and falls asleep in a chair. She is awoken by a sudden sound. In the morning, Jane Tennison (Helen Mirren) lies awake in her bed when the alarm sounds. Soon she leaves home in a taxi. The same morning, a nanny who works for Susan Covington goes into Susan's house and finds her on the floor with blood streaming from her head. She goes upstairs and finds Susan's child missing from her crib. She calls emergency. The mother is soon taken to hospital in an ambulance and the baby, Vicki, is filed missing. Jane Tennison is also in hospital. We learn that she has had a termination. She is eager to get back to work. She soon arrives at a police station to take in her office as superintendent. One of the files on her desk is that of the missing baby girl. We briefly see Chris Hughes cutting out an article about the presumed kidnapping from a newspaper. Tennison meets with investigators Richard Haskons (Richard Hawley) and Tony Muddyman (Jack Ellis). Her predecessor authorized the release of information to the newspaper the night before, and she is upset that it could hurt the investigation more than it helps. Muddyman says Susan Covington is conscious but suffers from amnesia. Tennison asks Haskons to arrange a media appearance. Tennison then addresses the staff and lets Haskons brief them on the case. The father of the child, John Warwick, left Susan months before; he doesn't have an alibi, but no trace of the child has been found at his farm. Forensic evidence is sparse. The team speculate on motive; since there was not much money to get at they rule out kidnapping and conclude that the child was abducted for nurture or abuse. Tennison has them look for known paedophiles in the area as well as people who have recently lost a child of their own. Tennison talks to Vicky's nanny Carolyn (Tracy Keating) about her routines and also takes a camera that Susan had bought for Carolyn. Meanwhile, Susan's car, which was apparently stolen on the morning in question, is found empty close to Susan's house. Tennison goes to see Susan in hospital, and she gives her account of the night: When she woke up in her chair she went into the hall where someone grabbed her and knocked her into the wall. She also tells Tennison about a man accompanied by two girls who she met in the park and who was very keen on Vicky. We see another brief clip of Chris Hughes, now in a swimming pool with two girls, his girlfriend's daughters. Tennison has Susan appear on television to ask the abductor for her daughter back. Chris Hughes and his girlfriend watch. At the police station, it turns out Susan's car was caught speeding in the middle of the night going out of London, and the squad try to pin down a search radius. Tennison phones Chief Superintendent Kernan (John Benfield) to get more officers assigned to the case, but he refuses. At night she goes to the crime scene to look around. When she answers the phone we see the man on the other end, but he is silent. The next day Tennison and Haskons go north to see Susan's ex, Warwick (Adrian Lukis); we see that it was him on the phone the night before. He says he hasn't been to London since he left Susan, but Tennison shows him a petrol receipt that shows he was there the past weekend. He explains that he was with a woman he is having an affair with. Back at the station, the squad has a photo from Carolyn's camera which may include the man Susan talked about. They also find Chris Hughes in a database of paedophile convicts and discover that he lives near Susan. They go search his bedsit and bring him in for questioning. Tennison conducts the interrogation and asks him about some of their findings: a photo album with pictures of young children, though all of them dressed and proper, and a scrapbook with newspaper clippings from child murder and kidnapping cases. He denies any involvement in Vicki's disappearance. Susan, however, confirms that he is the man from the park. Muddyman and another officer questions Hughes' girlfriend, Anne Sutherland (Lesley Sharp), who gives Hughes an alibi for the night excepting a short time when he left her house after they had a fight. The police must still find evidence to link him to the abduction. Tennison and Muddyman drive to Bedford to visit a clinic where Hughes stayed after he was convicted in a child assault case. They speak to the main psychiatrist, Dr. Schofield (Stuart Wilson), who tells them he doubts Hughes is the abductor, specifically because Hughes didn't go for children that young. Susan has been escorted to her home for the first time since the abduction, and Tennison goes to see her; Susan begs her to bring back Vicki. The baby girl's body is found in a lake, naked and lifeless. Tennison has the mother identify Vicki. Chris Hughes is released after 24 hours have passed since his arrest. Dr. Schofield comes to see Tennison, warning her that the pressure put on Hughes might drive him to new crimes. He shows her a videotape of Hughes talking about and justifying molesting a girl in the case he was previously convicted for. We see Hughes returning home to Anne; he lies to her about why he was arrested. Tennison listens to the results of the autopsy; Vicki was suffocated. Muddyman takes Hughes's file from the station and brings it round for Anne to see while Hughes isn't there. Anne watches the videotape of her boyfriend talking about abusing children. Soon, she is at the police station changing her statement; Hughes no longer has an alibi for the night in question. The police go to the garage Hughes works at to pick him up again, and when he runs, Muddyman chases him down and knocks him about. Hughes falls and is run over by a car and has to be taken to hospital. When the ambulance is involved in an accident Hughes escapes. He soon turns up at Anne's house, which is unguarded. When Tennison learns that Hughes has escaped she sends Haskons, but too late: Hughes is barricading the house and holding Anne and the girls hostage. The police set up a siege; they get Hughes on the phone, but with no result. At the station, Muddyman is anxious about the situation. Tennison reprimands him for his behaviour at the arrest and also learns that he revealed confidential information to Anne to persuade her to testify against Hughes; she thinks it will make it impossible to get a conviction. When Muddyman breaks down and cries, Tennison guesses that he too has once been the victim of sexual abuse. He repeats the words, "I'm disgusting." At the house, Hughes tries to convince Anne that he is not like he was before, that he loves her and wouldn't hurt the children. He speaks to the police on the phone and demands to talk to Tennison. She arrives and speaks to him on the phone. He claims he had nothing to do with Vicki's death and has Anne say that he was in fact with her on the night of the abduction. Tennison convinces him to let the hostages go and promises him that the police snipers will be withdrawn and that he will not be hurt. Meanwhile, Susan Covington has left her house and arrives at the siege; she says she wants to speak to Hughes. Hughes slowly comes out the door with Anne and the girls around him. Tennison faces him and tells him that he can trust her, but when he sees snipers still in place he runs back into the house with one of the girls. A shot is fired, but no one is hurt. Tennison complains to the officers in charge of the siege that her wishes were not followed. Then she speaks to Susan. Tennison tells her she thinks Hughes is innocent of taking Vicki. Susan mentions how she caused the situation by identifying Hughes and how she doesn't want the girls to get hurt. Then she starts talking about how she only ever had a baby because it was what society expected of her and other women. She says that her own life suffered after she had Vicki, that she is the real victim. She talks about the night Vicki disappeared, and we realize that she is confessing that it was she who killed her daughter and dumped the body. She is distressed and starts banging herself on the head while saying she's sorry; Tennison holds her. The hostage situation is resolved, and Chris Hughes is taken away in an ambulance. Jane Tennison and Tony Muddyman are seen appearing before a disciplinary committee. Jane returns home and sits on the couch staring into the air.
tt2604420
News,Reality-TV,Talk-Show
Live from the star-filled International Ballroom of the Beverly Hilton Hotel... our hosts Tina Fey and Amy Poehler (who clearly did not coordinate their outfits). Tina: "Tonight we honor the television shows that have entertained us all year, as well as the films that have only been in theaters for two days." "That's what makes tonight so special, only at the Golden Globes do the beautiful people of film rub shoulders with the rat faced people of television," Amy cracks. (Cut to Quentin Tarantino fist-bumping someone, clearly proving that joke factually incorrect.) Both Tina and Amy are nominated tonight. Tina: "Ricky Gervais could not be here tonight because he is no longer technically in show business." Amy: "We want to assure you that we have no intention of being edgy or offensive tonight because, as Ricky learned the hard way: When you run afoul of the Hollywood Foreign Press, they make you host the show two more times." Shout out to the female nominees, including Lena Dunham ("Girls") and director Kathryn Bigelow. Amy: "I haven't really been following the controversy over 'Zero Dark Thirty,' but when it comes to torture, I trust the lady who spent three years married to James Cameron." (The room loves that one.) Amy tells the people a little something about the HFPA which, when left untreated can lead to cervical cancer -- no wait, that's HPV. Ben Affleck filmed his first two movies in Boston and then took the third to Iran, because he wanted to film somewhere that was more friendly to outsiders. Tina compliments Anne Hathaway on her "Les Miz" performance: "I have not seen someone so totally alone and abandoned like that since you were on stage with James Franco at the Oscars." Tina, with schmaltz: "The Hunger Games was one of the biggest films of the year -- and also what I call the six weeks it took me to fit into this dress." Amy: "Ang Lee's been nominated for Best Director for the Life of Pi, which is what I'm going to call the six weeks after I take this dress off!" High five! Amy: "Meryl Streep is not here tonight, she has the flu -- and I hear she's ah-mazing in it." Tina suggests cutting to treasure of the American Theater Mandy Patinkin after every Les Miz clip because he won't be able to hide if he thinks it's bad singing. Amy attempts to prove the thesis by making up a few bars of "I Dreamed a Dream," that involves going to get a sandwich. Mandy loves it. Time to kick things off with Bradley Cooper and Kate Hudson. (As Kate walks out, Lea Michele can be seen telling her tablemate: "Oh my god, she looks --" What? What?) Time for best supporting actor in a movie (without clips or jokes). The winner is: Cristoph Waltz of "Django Unchained." He promptly thanks Quentin for taking him on the journey, then lists a bunch of people who helped make the movie. He thanks two people for picking him up and putting him back in the saddle, but leaves out juicy details. Kerry Washington and Dennis Quaid are up next to present best supporting actress for TV. The Globe goes to Maggie Smith, who is not there. Well, that was fun. Don Cheadle and Eva Longoria remind us the official walkers are children of famous people: the daughter of Francis Fisher and Clint Eastwood, actress Francesca Eastwood and the son of Tracy Pollan and Michael J. Fox, philanthropist Sam Fox. The nominees for best miniseries or TV movie are shown. The Globe goes to: Game Change. The director Jay Roach calls HBO "Heroic Brave Operation" and says it's a great place to make movies. He says with star Julianne Moore and Tina Fey they have three incredible impersonations of Sarah Palin -- counting Sarah Palin. Then nominees for best actress in a TV miniseries, including "as a psychic who solves her own murder, Darcy St. Fudge, in 'Dog President'." (Cut to Amy Poehler in a red wig and fake teeth.) The winner is Julianne Moore for "Game Change." She says working at HBO was a wonderful experience and thanks the producers, screenwriter and costars, then hair and make-up and vocal coach. As the music starts to play her off, she thanks two people who she thinks make a big impact on the 2008 election: Tina Fey and Katie Couric. Catherine Zeta-Jones is up next to introduce "Les Miserables" as best picture nominee. The clips roll, the camera does not cut to Mandy Patinkin after. Tina and Amy are back. Tina summarizes the cutthroat competition of "The Hunger Games" and explains it's the same process by which the HFPA chooses its president. Welcome Aida Takla O'Reilly. As she ends her tenure, she's relieved to know that Jeffrey Katzenberg will never forget her name -- because he never knew it in the first place. She closes with a message to Bradley Cooper: "Call me, maybe." Rosario Dawson is out next to introduce nominee "The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel." Then Salma Hayek and Paul Rudd. Salma: "They drink, they do drugs, they lie, they have a huge ego and they are not to be trusted." Paul: "But that's just their agents." (Bah dum bum!) The nominees for best actor in a TV series drama. The Globe goes to: Damian Lewis, who shakes hands with Richard Gere on the way up. Because, why not? He thanks the cast and crew, sweltering it out in North Carolina. He dedicates the award to his "Mum, who I know is up there tonight, looking down on me bursting with pride and telling everyone up there all around her how well her son is doing 'in acting.'" Salma and Paul are back and start with awkward with silence. It's not a bit. Paul asks how everyone is doing. Salma says "it's something about the best..." as clips for Best TV Series -- Drama roll. And then Globe goes to: Homeland. (Claire Danes had her baby less than a month ago and looks amazing -- a transformation even more unrealistic than any "Homeland" plotline.) Executive Producer Alex Gansa describes Claire, eight months pregnant, carrying a lead pipe through a tunnel, filming being chased by Abu Nazir over and over, which is totally something they prepare you for in Lamaze classes. Alex says goodbye to the actors whose characters were sacrificed on the altar of storytelling, without giving a spoiler alert. John Goodman is out next with a very average looking middle aged man, who looks nothing like Ben Affleck, who played him (Tony Mendez) in "Argo." He introduces the movie. Jennifer Lopez and Jason Statham are up next to present Best Original Score. The winner is: Mychael Danna for "Life of Pi." He calls it the film of a lifetime. Next, Original Song in a movie. The winner is Adele for "Skyfall," who adorably high fives Daniel Craig when she wins. She had a baby in October and is just enjoying the night out with a friend, "we've been pissing ourselves laughing." Kiefer Sutherland and Jessica Alba are next to present Best Performance by an actor in a miniseries, including "as a professional volleyball player battling restless leg syndrome, Damian Fransicso in 'Dog President.'" (Tina Fey in a Johnny Depp wig and pencil thin mustache.) The winner is: Kevin Costner, who passes up a handshake with Richard Gere on the way up. He remembers the first time he came into the room a long time ago after walking the red carpet and watched them celebrate the career of Gregory Peck. "I see a lot of friends out here, and people I don't know but whose work I have watched -- and maybe even borrowed. It's been a great ride and I want to thank the Golden Globes because it is a great night to celebrate. But more important, we get a chance to illuminate movies that maybe people might not have ever seen, and now they will, performances they might not have seen, and now they will. Thanks," he says. And next, former President Bill Clinton, who gets an immediate standing ovation. He's there to introduce "Lincoln," naturally. The movies "reminds us that enduring progress is forged in a cauldron of both principle and compromise. This brilliant film shows us how he did it and gives us hope that maybe we can do it again." Somewhere, John Boehner hears only crickets. Amy comes back out, breathless, when he leaves. "Wow, what an exciting special guest -- that was Hilliary Clinton's husband!" Tina comes out, still in Damian Fransisco gear to introduce "SNL" family members, Will Ferrell and Kristin Wiig to present best actress in a comedy or musical. Will says this year the HFPA asked presenters to watch the films in their category. They discuss Emily Blunt in "Salmon Fishing in the Yemen," which they are pretty sure involves salmon. And Judi Dench. "Where did she come from?" Will asks, noting she used to be a police officer. Jennifer Lawrence in "Silver Linings Playbook," which involves her taking a lot of silver for her cookbook. Maggie Smith in "The Quartet," and no one knows what it is. And "Mariyell Streep" who's the sassy sheriff in "Hope Springs." Cut to her costar Tommy Lee Jones, who could not be less amused. The winner is: Jennifer Lawrence. "What does it say -- I beat Meryl!" she says. Going on to thank her director and costar, then Harvey Weinstein: "Thank you for killing whoever you had to kill to get me up here today." She thanks her mom for believing in her, and her dad for teaching her to laugh. She thanks her brothers, saying she wouldn't be who she is today "without you being mean to me, but then really supportive and loving." John Krasinski and Kristen Bell are out to present best actor TV. The winner is Ed Harris, who isn't there. Jamie Foxx is up next to introduce "Django Unchained." Jonah Hill comes out to present with Megan Fox (one of them has lost the baby weight). They introduce nominees for best supporting actress in a movie. Anne Hathaway wins and acts surprised. "Oh my gosh, this is happening! To the Hollywood Foreign Press thank you so much for having me in this room full of extraordinary artists who have changed my life with their work. Thank you for this lovely blunt object, that I will forevermore use as a weapon against self doubt." She thanks her fellow nominee Sally Field for being a vanguard against type casting; the Flying Nun gave the Princess from Genovia hope for a diverse career. Amanda Seyfried and Robert Pattinson introduce best screenplay. The winner is Quentin Tarantino. "Wow, I wasn't expecting this -- this is a surprise!" he says, coolly. He thanks his actors, noting that anyone who wins for a screenplay had good actors. He thanks the people who listen to his drafts as he writes. "I don't want input -- I don't want you to tell me if I'm doing anything wrong.... When I read it to you, I hear it through your ears." Jeremy Irons is out to introduce "Salmon Fishing in the Yemen," which apparently does involve salmon. Lucy Liu and Debra Messing are up next, to fight for space on stage with their giant hoop skirt dresses and to introduce best actor in a TV series comedy. The winner is: Don Cheadle for "House of Lies." Lucy Liu whispers something to him as he takes the stage. "She just said that it didn't really say my name, but she said it anyway. So thank you, Lucy," he says. He thanks everyone at Showtime. Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger are up next to present best foreign film. Arnold says something in German and says it means "because English for both of us is a foreign language." Sly: "I can't be as bad as you." Arnold: "Trust me." Sly: "You been here how long? It's embarrassing." The winner is the Austrian film "Amour." The director notes the irony of coming to Hollywood to be presented an award from an Austrian. Nathan Fillion and Lea Michele are next to present best actress in a TV series -- drama. The winner is Clare Danes for Homeland. "I have to thank the Hollywood Foreign Press for being so insanely generous to me for so many years now -- I was up here when I was 15," she says. She thanks her fellow nominees, who are helping to make TV the quality place it is now. She compliments the writers for not buckling under the success of the first season. She remembers breaking the news to everyone on the show that she was pregnant and thanks the costume designer for taking her pants out every week. Sasha Baron Cohen is out next with a snifter of brandy and snooty put-on accent, channeling Ricky Gervais to describe the lengths his Les Miz costars went to get nominated. "Helena Bonham Carter gave the head of the academy a personal massage, which I'm led to believe had a much happier ending than the movie... Anyway, enough of me pulling back the curtains of Hollywood -- and I'm not referring to Anne Hathaway's upskirt shot." He introduces the nominees for best animated film. The winner is "Brave." Directors Brenda Champan and a very enthusiastic Mark Andrews take the stage to give thanks. Liev Schreiber next introduces "The Life of Pi." Then, Jason Bateman carries out Aziz Ansari. Aziz: "Wow, the cast of 'Downton Abbey' really has some amazing weed backstage, I can't even walk properly." The nominees for best actress in a TV comedy is next, but Aziz gets the giggles over Michelle Dockery's cookies. Aziz: "Daniel Day Lewis, you are my hero as an actor -- I just saw 'Expendables 2' and you were fantastic." They introduce the nominees, including Tina Fey for 30 Rock, who huddles in anticipation with Jennifer Lopez, and Amy Poehler for "Parks and Rec," who huddles with George Clooney. The winner is Lena Dunham. She has notes. "I thought I would be a much cooler customer if this ever happened, which I didn't think it would." She apologizes for being "super shaky." "I wanted to start by saying that the other nominees in this category are women who inspire me deeply and make me laugh and have comforted me at the darkest moments of my life. Julia, Tina, Amy and Zooey have respectively gotten me through middle school, mono, a ruptured eardrum and the acute anxiety that populates my entire life, and I worship them." She teeters off the stage in her high heels. Tina and Amy are back (in coordinated fabulous dresses) after losing to Lena, drinks in hand. Amy: Well, the show has really taken a turn. Tina: Time to start drinking. Amy: Everybody's getting a little loose now that we're all losers. Tina: Congratulations, Lena, I'm glad we got you through middle school. (Amy drinks deeply.) Tina: Look how drunk Glenn Close is. (Cut to Glenn hamming it up.)... You know what, Taylor Swift, you stay away from Michael J. Fox's son. Amy: Or go for it. Tina: No, she needs some 'me time' to learn about herself. Then, Tina segues: "Our next presenter is an actor so versatile that he played Ironman in three different movies. Please welcome Robert Downey Jr. He's there to present Jodie Foster. "The Cecil B. DeMille award says every bit as much about the presenter as it does the recipient. And that's why I'm here for Jodie." There's a bit involving hamsters that really makes no sense at all. Clips from her movies roll including Contact, Silence of the Lambs, Panic Room and The Beaver. She starts by quoting "SNL" -- "I 50!" With a lot of preamble, she says she has a declaration to make and the air goes out of the room. Then she says she's single. She waits for a wolf whistle. Then she addresses what everyone was thinking and explains there won't be any big coming out speech because she already did her coming out about a thousand years ago. "But now I'm told that every celebrity is expected to (air) the details of their private life with a press conference, a fragrance and a prime time reality show. You guys might be surprised, but I am not Honey Boo Boo child, that's just not me....If you had been a public figure from the time when you were a toddler, if you had had to fight for a life that felt real and honest and normal against all odds, then maybe then you, too, would value privacy above all else." She thanks the people she's been working with for more than three decades and Mel Gibson, "you know you saved me, too." She acknowledges her "heroic co-parent, my ex-partner in love but righteous soul sister in life," Cydney Bernard. "I am so proud of our modern family," including their two sons. She also sends love to her mother and then talks as if she expects her career to change after tonight. Kate Hudson, Emily Deschanel and Anne Hathaway all have tears in their eyes. Whatever she does next "will be my writing on the wall: Jodie Foster was here. I am. And I want to be seen, to be understood deeply and to not be so very lonely. Thank you, all of you, for the company. Here's to the next 50 years." The room erupts. Halle Berry follows the commercial break to introduce the nominees for Best Director. The winner is: Ben Affleck, who gets a standing ovation. "I don't care what the award is, when they put your name next to the names that she just read off, it's an extraordinary thing in your life. These nominees are exceptional talents. I truly to god never thought I would be in the same breath as them." He says the award is really about Tony Mendez and thanks all troops serving. He thanks his agent "who was with me when I was like a nobody, and then when I was a somebody and then what I was in a little bit of trouble. We're still trying to put it back together." He acknowledges the cast, crew and screenwriter before going on to his wife (Jennifer Garner) and kids. Josh Brolin is up next to introduce nominee "Moonrise Kingdom." Then Jay Leno and Jimmy Fallon to present Best TV series -- comedy or musical. The Globe goes to: Girls. Lena Dunham acknowledges the cast for showing her the meaning of bravery and nakedness, both emotional and physical. "It took a village to raise this very demented child and I hope everyone who was involved feels thanked every single day.... I promised myself that if I ever got this chance, I would thank Chad Lowe. I'm sorry, I promised, and I promised my mom. " After that, Christian Bale is up next to introduce "Silver Linings Playbook." Then Jennifer Garner, who pauses to follow up her husband's thank you by adding the producers he forgot: Grant Heslov and George Clooney. And now the nominees for best actor in a movie comedy or musical. The winner is Hugh Jackman for "Les Miserables." He tells the person who stole the wheels of his bike while he was auditioning that they're all good. He thanks his wife "and if I forget to mention anyone, babe, can you come up and thank them after?" He admits that three weeks into filming he thought he'd bitten off more than he could chew, but his wife talked him into sticking with it. He admits in front of everyone that she's always right. Jeremy Renner comes out to introduce "Zero Dark Thirty" and says something that gets bleeped. ("You make great movies but sh----" perhaps press campaigns, since director Kathryn Bigelow wasn't nominated for an Oscar?) Then Dustin Hoffman recaps the nominees for best movie -- comedy or musical. The winner is "Les Miserables." Anne Hathaway takes the opportunity to thank her agent. The producer acknowledges the great crop of TV and movies and of lists a bunch of names to thank and gets played off. George Clooney starts his introduction of best actress in a movie drama by congratulating Ben Affleck on his win. Jessica Chastain wins for "Zero Dark Thirty." She mentions how long she struggled to get where she is today and thanks everyone, including director Kathryn Bigelow: "I can't help but compare my character Maya to you, to powerful, fearless women who allow their expert work to stand before them." She wraps up by thanking her grandmother, "for teaching me to always believe in my dreams and this is an absolute dream come true." George Clooney returns to present best actor in a drama, which Meryl Streep was supposed to present. The winner is: Daniel Day Lewis for "Lincoln." "Are you sure there's room for another ex-president on the stage? Well, if you thought that was showing off, Her Majesty the Queen of England is about to parachute in in a couple of minutes to make a last minute pitch for 'Skyfall,'" he cracks. (Yes, Daniel Day Lewis cracks jokes!!) He acknowledges his fellow nominees for their beautiful performances. "Tony Kushner, every day I have to live without the immeasurable wealth of your language, which reminds me of the impoverishment of my own." He's thanking Steven Spielberg for an experience he'll treasure til the end of his life when the music plays him off. Julia Roberts is up to present Best Motion Picture Drama. "Argo" wins. Producer George Clooney comes up with everyone and producer Grant Heslov thanks everyone who works in diplomatic services. Tina and Amy (drink in hand) wave goodnight. Amy: "Thank you very much! We're going home with Jodie Foster!"
tt0115321
Crime,Mystery,Romance
[Part One] Jane Tennison (Helen Mirren) leaves her flat in the morning and drives through Manchester. When she stops at a red light she sees a boy steal a briefcase from the car behind her. She goes to a school to give a talk about the police. The school children are suspicious of the police. She asks the pupils what they want from their lives; one of them in particular responds in a confrontational manner, a boy we later come to know as Campbell Lafferty (Joseph Jacobs). Elsewhere, a young mother is forced to let some men into her flat, which they use as a drug lab. Tennison arrives at a press conference where the local police chief, Martin Ballinger (John McArdle), is talking about the success of the police in bringing down crime rates. Tennison tells Ballinger she's been in Manchester for ten days without being put to proper work. When his phone rings about a gun death, he gives her the case. She arrives to meet officers Gerry Rankine (David O'Hara) and Clare Devanney (Julia Lane) at the scene along with a number of sharpshooters. A young man, Nazir Ahmed, is dead in the second floor of a flat building, and another person is in the flat. Suddenly a local celebrity of sorts who goes by the name of The Street (Steven Mackintosh) appears; against Tennison's commands he goes into the flat and brings a young wounded man out and into the police's arms. Rankine and Devanney investigate the flat, but they don't find a weapon, and they don't expect many witnesses to come forward in an area weary of the police. Tennison goes to the hospital with the wounded man, Michael Johns (Ray Emmet Brown). The Street also comes, but refuses to talk to Tennison. Officer Henry Adeliyeka (John Brobbey) tells her that The Street, Clive Norton on his birth certificate, is a gang leader and familiar to the police. Tennison goes over the scene of the crime; the unidentified shooter must have waited in the flat and shot at the two young men with an automatic. She goes to Ballinger expecting to choose her own team, but he says she'll work with what she's got. She puts her staff to work. The next morning Tennison goes to see Michael Johns in the hospital, but he won't talk. She and Adeliyeka also go see Norton in his home; she challenges him, but he doesn't budge. Meanwhile, DI Devanney goes to see Deborah, Nazir's girlfriend who's had previous run-ins with the police, who says he had been powdering down the drug shipments he was handling. When Devanney tells Tennison at the station, Tennison reprimands her for not letting her know about Deborah sooner. Meanwhile, Rankine meets with his informer Tony Rice (David Norman), one of Norton's henchmen, who insists Norton had nothing to do with the murder. Rankine and Tennison gather they might be looking at the beginnings of a gang war. That night Ballinger takes Tennison out for dinner, and they debate the realities of drug crime. Tennison overhears some of her team making fun of her in the next room. Tennison wakes up in Ballinger's bed. She leaves when his wife calls on the phone. Later at the station Tennison says it was a one-time thing, but Ballinger tells her he wants to see her again. At the home of the Lafferty family that morning, Michael Johns comes for breakfast with his girlfriend, Janice Lafferty (Marsha Thomason). Her brother Campbell storms out of the house when he sees Michael. Campbell is soon at the police station, where he claims he was the one who shot and killed Nazir. Noreen Lafferty (Gabrielle Reidy) is summoned; she is protective of her children, but also a drug wreck herself. Tennison interviews Campbell, but doesn't buy his story. Tennison goes to see Michael Johns at his flat, and later so does Norton. Michael feels trapped. The police also discover a flat in the same building abandoned, and they search for tenant Robina Lowry. Her priest confirms that she's a witness to the murder, but won't say where she is. Meanwhile, Norton suspects a member of another gang, Outboard, of having to do with the shooting. At an abandoned swimming pool he unleashes his dogs on him. That night Tony Rice asks to see Tennison. She wears a wire tap, and they meet in a churchyard. Tony is scared of The Street; Tennison tries to make him talk, but then Tony's phone rings and we hear Street warning Tony. Tony runs. In the morning Tennison tells Rankine she suspects someone in the police is working with Norton. She also releases Campbell Lafferty from detention, but two developments soon prove her wrong: A machine gun is found with Campbell's prints on it, and Devanney finds Robina Lowry, who confirms Campbell was the shooter. Before the police can bring Campbell back in he is kidnapped by Norton's thugs and brought to the swimming pool, where Norton has figured out the truth. Campbell wanted to get rid of Michael, who was his sister's boyfriend and his mother's drug dealer, but accidentally killed Nazir. To punish them both, Norton makes Michael shoot Campbell. [Part Two] Jane Tennison wakes up in the morning, distressed. Next, she's at the morgue where Campbell's mother and sister identify Campbell's body. Later at the station Tennison explains to her staff how Campbell was found dumped in a public restroom. Ballinger fears she might be too emotionally involved in the case, but Tennison wants to go on TV to move the case forward. Elsewhere, Clive Norton picks up the same kid Tennison saw stealing the briefcase, Willem (Kevin Knapman), and starts to teach him the trade. Janice Lafferty asks Michael if he had anything to do with Campbell's death. Tennison gives an impassioned plea for help on national television; there is no result other than a prank by Norton. Tennison decides to pull Norton and Michael in for questioning over Clare Devanney's objections. Tennison interviews Norton, but she has no luck getting information out of him. She talks to Rankine about the possible mole; she thinks it might be Devanney and begins to exclude her from the investigation. The swimming pool where Campbell was killed is found, and the medical examiner presents her findings from the autopsy of his body. Tennison goes to see Janice, who tries to convince her that Michael had nothing to do with the murder. Ballinger comes to see Tennison at night. They talk about Tennison's leak suspicions, but Ballinger doesn't think Devanney is involved. They sleep together. At the station in the morning the crime scene report arrives; there's no clear link to Michael Johns or Clive Norton, but traces of several other bodies have been found in the pool drain. Tennison has to release Norton. She interviews Michael, who's been in detention overnight. He's distressed and at first silent, but when challenged he admits he shot Campbell. Just when Tennison is trying to get him to say who made him do it, Ballinger barges in because Michael has hurt himself by knocking his head into the table. He tells Tennison they wouldn't have been able to use such a confession in court. The police also learn that dog's teeth were found at the crime scene; The Street owns dogs. DS Rankine has acquired criminal records that were missing from the station's own files. He informs Tennison that Chief Superintendent Ballinger has had dealings with Clive Norton and was the investigating officer on a case against him that went down the drain because of procedural errors. Tennison interrogates Michael again. While Ballinger is in the room she tells Michael about Norton's arrangement with a senior police officer at the station. Michael tells her that it was Norton who forced him to shoot Campbell. Michael expresses fear that Norton might hurt Janice; Tennison sets the wheels in motion to find her, but instead we see Norton abducting her. In an old warehouse The Street tapes Janice's mouth and points a gun at her. Helped by Willem, Tennison finds the warehouse. She discovers Tony Rice's corpse, then finds Janice still alive in a hole in the ground. Norton turns up and holds Tennison at gunpoint. Ballinger walks in. Norton reminds him of their mutual agreement. When Ballinger doesn't speak, Norton gets nervous. As he turns his gun at Ballinger, police sharpshooters positioned by Ballinger shoot Norton dead. Janice is rescued and taken to hospital. Tennison reproaches Ballinger for his deal with Norton, which almost got her killed; Ballinger is unrepentant.
tt0114180
Crime,Drama,Mystery
At a country club with a golf course, a man leaves in a car while he looks at an older man, James (Anthony Bate). Next, we see the same man, Denis (Gareth Forwood), visiting his mother (Phillada Sewell) in a nursing home. He tells her he will sort things out; she has trouble remembering who he is. Next, three men enter a house at night in order to catch someone who has been seen breaking into the house. Inside, a young man and woman are having sex, but are soon chased out of the house; the man gets away. The police arrive just as one of the men goes back into the house to look for the owner. He finds Denis hanging from a rope, dead and half naked. A man in bed silences his pager, a woman looks at him blamingly. Police officers at the scene of the crime wait for DCI Raymond, who is not returning their calls. Jane Tennison (Helen Mirren) is in her office on the phone with Mike Keenan, but is paged to assist with the murder investigation. She is happy to get something to do other than crunching numbers and is soon at the scene. She learns from an officer, Booth (Thomas Craig), that Denis Carradine lived alone in his mother's house and that he was the manager of the Huntington Country Club. Tennison sets a search in motion for the escaped man, then goes to Hadley Green police station to see the girl who was caught, Sheila Bower (Julie Rice). She turns out to be underage, and Tennison calls in a social worker as well as reinforcements for the investigation. Meanwhile, Booth informs Denis's mother of her son's death. The next morning, Tennison has Richard Haskons (Richard Hawley) by her side, and they gather the local team, including officers Booth and Bakari (Cristopher John Hale) as well as female officer Christine Cromwell (Sophie Stanton). Tennison fills them in on what is known so far and gives them instructions; she says the break-in may be drugs-related, but also thinks there might be a sexual aspect because of the scarf Carradine was wearing. Tennison interrogates Sheila Bower, who denies having killed Carradine. DCI Raymond (Ralph Arliss) walks in during the interrogation, but Tennison takes him outside. He says he can take over the investigation now, but Tennison insists she will stay in charge. Bakari and Cromwell go to the country club to ask about Carradine. They are shown into managing director James Greenlees's office and snoop around until he enters. He has already heard the bad news; he tells them that Carradine had recently retired from his position at the club. Tennison and Haskons listen to the forensic, who concludes that Carradine did not kill himself. The house has been robbed and much of the interior damaged. Meanwhile, house-to-house inquiries pay off when the police find the man who got away, Michael Thomas (Jonathan Copestake), at a housing estate called Larchmont. As they chase him he runs into the street and is hit by a van. At the hospital, Tennison is angry that the search ended up with the suspect in a coma. Back at the station, the team learns that Carradine had re-mortgaged the house, yet was still in dept and struggling to pay his bills. James Greenlees comes to see Tennison about the way he found Bakari and Cromwell handling some letters in his office, and she reprimands them, telling Cromwell she should expect no favours just because she's a woman. Booth interviews Mrs. Henry (Jill Baker), Carradine's solicitor and childhood friend, who says he was a lonely man. At her office, Tennison asks Haskons out for a drink, but he has to go home. She is also informed that Michael Thomas has died. Tennison goes for a drink on her own and meets DCI Raymond, who is with Cromwell at the bar. He tells her she shouldn't think she can come and teach them how to do their job. At the country club, a man named Paul Endicott (James Laurenson) is at the bar commanding his son, Hamish (Nick Patrick), to serve him quicker. Paul's wife (Helene Kvale) is at a table talking to solicitor Maria Henry about how her life with Paul has suffered since he was suspended from his job at the council. Mrs. Henry tries to speak to Paul about something important. Tennison goes shopping; she gets two big bottles of liquor. From her car she phones Dr. Paul Schofield, who she met on her previous case, but gets his answering machine. The next day, Tennison goes to see the pathologist, who gives her his findings: Whoever killed Carradine tried to make it look like Carradine had died by erotic autostrangulation. Superintendent Kernan (John Benfield) comes to see Tennison and takes her out for breakfast. There will be an investigation into Michael Thomas's death, and Kernan thinks Tennison has overstayed her welcome at Hadley Green. She convinces him that Michael and Sheila did not kill Carradine and that she should stay and solve the case. In return, he makes her promise to go to a meeting with the Police Consultative Committee, the head of which is James Greenlees. Tennison goes to the station and tells the squad to start looking for the real killer. She informs Sheila Bower of Thomas's death, and Bowen accuses the police of killing him. It's Christine Cromwell, who like Bowen grew up in the estates, who ends up convincing her to speak. Sheila and Michael were breaking into a different house at the time of Carradine's death. The police also look into Carradine's economy; he paid a large sum to a company based in Bahamas, which is also linked to Mrs. Henry's law firm. Mrs. Henry declines comment due to attorney-client confidentiality. Booth and Bakari talk to bartender Hamish at the country club. He tells them Carradine had been stealing from the club for months and covering it up by fiddling the books. He says the club just found out the week before and that DCI Raymond was brought in to deal with the matter. Tennison confronts Raymond with this information, and he admits that he kept it a secret. Meanwhile, we see Maria Henry's daughter Polly (Kelly Reilly), first inviting a man, Geoff (Thomas Russell), into the house she lives in with her mother, then at the club talking to Hamish; Hamish expresses his dislike for his father. A witness has given a description of a woman seen visiting Carradine's house earlier in the day on which he was killed. The description matches Maria Henry, and Tennison and Haskons go to see her again; she refuses having been in contact with Carradine on the day of the murder and presents an alibi. They also go to Burdett House, a property purchased by the Bahamas-based company from the local council at a price may may have been much less than what it was worth. At the Consultative Committee meeting, Tennison defends the fact that Sheila Bower has been released, then learns that the sale of Burdett House underwent an investigation headed by Greenlees and leading to Paul Endicott's suspension. In the morning, Tennison learns that Denis Carradine's car has been found torched in front of Mrs. Henry's house that night. Mrs. Henry has no explanation. The team look into the financial dealings of the people involved. Haskons interviews Mr. Greenlees, who tells him Denis Carradine was a homosexual and needed money for prostitutes. The interview is interrupted by Raymond. At the country club, Polly and Geoff are at the bar, and Geoff and Hamish have an argument. Mrs. Henry comes in to take Polly away, but is interrupted by the police, who want her to identify a man in a photograph taken of Carradine's stolen car. The photo looks a lot like Geoff, but she says she doesn't recognize him. Tennison and Cromwell go see Paul Endicott to ask him about the sale of Burdett House, but he is unwilling to talk. At the meeting of the local council, headed by James Greenlees, there is shouting and disorder over irregularities in the council's work. When Greenlees sees Cromwell in the crowd she accuses her and Tennison of politicizing. Mike Kernan calls Tennison in and announces she and Cromwell are both off the case and that he will have no more conspiracy theories, but Tennison hints that sensitive information may end up in the papers if she doesn't get her way. At the station, Tennison tells Cromwell that she's not suspended. Meanwhile at Maria Henry's house, Paul Endicott has stayed the night, whereas Polly has stayed out all night with Geoff. We see Polly and Geoff together at his flat at Larchmont Estate. He attacks her, and Polly comes to the police station to press charges. Tennison talks to her, and when Polly gives a description of Geoff she realizes he might be who they're looking for. But when she and the team go to pick him up he is dead in his flat. A witness says a man and a redheaded woman knocked on Geoff's door a while ago. Maria Henry is called in for questioning. Cromwell asks her about the sale of Burdett House, which was sold cheaply to Carradine by the council, but which became worthless when the irregularity was discovered and the valuable planning permissions were withdrawn; Henry denies any involvement. Tennison asks her about her relationship with Paul Endicott, but she denies that they are more than friends. Tennison asks her about Geoff, and she denies knowing him. Tennison tells her she thinks she and Endicott had first Denis and then Geoff killed, but Maria Henry is a lawyer and knows Tennison can't prove it. Tennison and Cromwell interrogate Paul Endicott. He protests his innocence, but they pressure him. He gives a statement that it was Maria Henry who paid Geoff to kill Carradine and then killed Geoff. However, forensic evidence from the flat does not provide evidence against Henry nor Endicott. They continue the interrogation of Maria Henry, but she still denies the allegations, saying Endicott is a drunk and a liar. James Greenlees comes by to ask that Endicott be released, and Tennison bites his head off. Hamish Endicott has been brought in. He confesses that he killed Geoff because someone told him Geoff had raped Polly. He won't say who. Instead, Tennison interrogates Polly Henry, with her mother by her side. Tennison tells Polly she could go to prison if she was the one who made Hamish kill Geoff, but also makes sure Polly understands that it was really Maria. Polly's pain finally breaks Maria's facade. She admits everything. Tennison and Cromwell share a cigarette outside the station and talk about politics.
tt0070751
Biography,Drama
Kate Hayden (Christina Raines) is a young mother who learns she has terminal cancer in her leg and must have it removed or die. She decides she cannot live without her leg and refuses to have it removed. As she is dying, she leaves words of wisdom for her young daughter on a cassette recorder so her daughter wont forget her. Her husband, Sam (Cliff De Young) is a struggling musician who reluctantly supports her decision as he watches her deteriorate day by day.
tt0074815
Horror
THE BOOK OF ROSEMARY: The first part opens with Rosemary and Adrian, her child, who is now approximately age 8. They are living in a large mansion with the coven, headed by Roman and Minnie Castavet. Rosemary acts as a mother but in secret she tries to undo all the brainwashing that the coven has done. She tells Adrian his real name is Andrew, and that he should not believe all the things the coven tells him. We see the coven preparing for a ritual, only to discover that Adrian is missing from his room. Knowing Rosemary must be responsible for this, they use some of her personal possessions to enable the forces of evil to find her. We then see Rosemary and Adrian hiding in a synagogue for shelter. While hiding there, strange supernatural things begin to happen around the rabbis. But since they're in a house of God, the coven still can't get to them. Adrian tries to run outside, influenced by the cult, but Rosemary removes her crucifix pendant and puts it around Adrian's neck. The crucifix burns a permanent scar into his flesh. The next morning, Guy, who is now a famous movie star, gets a call from Roman. Roman informs Guy that both Rosemary and Adrian are missing and that she might try to contact him soon. Later that night, the bus carrying Rosemary and Adrian stops at a rest stop. Rosemary makes a phone call to Guy while Adrian plays with his toy car nearby. As soon as Guy answers the phone, Rosemary immediately tells him she wants him to send her money followed by her instructions. Outside, some nearby kids start teasing Adrian and picking on him by stealing his toy car. Suddenly, in a fit of rage, Adrian's eyes flash red and two of the children fall unconscious to the ground. After hearing all the noise, Rosemary drops the phone and runs to get Adrian. Trying to run away, they bump into Marjean, a prostitute who saw the whole thing and offers them to hide in her trailer. After a little while, Rosemary asks Marjean to go see what had happened out there. Investigating further, Marjean hears chanting voices calling her name from the telephone where Rosemary was just making her call to Guy. It's Roman and the coven working some kind of magic. After Marjean comes back, she lies and tells Rosemary that Adrian killed the two boys outside. Something is now different about Marjean, and she's being controlled by the coven. She offers to help Rosemary find a bus where she can escape with Adrian. After a bus finally arrives later that night, Rosemary gets trapped inside. The doors somehow slam shut behind her before Adrian can get on. Rosemary then turns to the driver, only to discover that there is no driver at all. The bus is possessed and is actually driving itself! We then see Marjean holding Adrian in her arms as he sees his mother for the last time being taken away by the bus. THE BOOK OF ADRIAN: Fast-forward twenty something years later. Our first look at an adult Adrian is of him with his best friend, Peter, being pulled over by cops for speeding. When the police catch up to them, Peter slides over into the driver's seat and takes the ticket instead of Adrian. Peter and Adrian return to Adrian's home, which is his "Aunt" Marjean's cheap casino. Adrian is apparently a rock singer and performs in a live band showcased at the casino. Peter asks him when they're going to "split" the casino for a different environment, and he suggests San Francisco. It is clear, however, that Marjean does not want Adrian to leave. She confronts him about his reckless behavior and tells him that she's always worried about him ever since his parents were "killed in an automobile accident". While they talk, Adrian stares at the crucifix pendant, the one that belonged to Rosemary. He seems to not have many memories of his childhood, but the crucifix reminds him of his mother. Roman explains in voiceovers that the coven is still anxiously awaiting when Adrian's dormant powers will rise to the surface and he will assume his role as the son of Satan, apparently bringing about some kind of apocalypse or revolution. They are waiting for him to commit an act of evil, but Peter seems to sense this conflict in Adrian and encourages him to break away from his familiar surroundings and start a new life dedicated to doing good. Adrian decides to go take a joy ride and recklessly gets into a fight with a gang of violent bikers, striking them down telepathically just like he did the children who bullied him when he was young. After Peter comes looking for him, Adrian tells him what happened and how he's been suffering from strange nightmares and violent urges. Later that night, Roman and Minnie arrive at the casino to prepare for Adrian's birthday party. Minnie drugs Adrian into unconsciousness and dresses him up into a costume and devil makeup. Peter, who notices something is wrong, becomes even more suspicious when he sees Guy Woodhouse arriving. After Guy and Roman join the rest of the coven, they begin to chant to Satan to appear to them. They get no immediate reaction and Adrian remains comatose. As the coven begins to lose hope, Adrian suddenly becomes possessed and runs out on the casino's dance floor. Roman soon realizes that Satan is using Adrian to possess all the innocent people on the dance floor. Peter catches on and tries to disconnect the band's loudspeakers, but it does no good. When Peter spots him, Guy soon becomes frightened and runs away. Peter catches up to him in the parking lot and tries to get him to help Adrian. But Guy panics when Peter struggles with him and electrocutes him with a fallen power line. Inside the casino, Adrian suddenly sees the image of Peter in a Christ-like pose, which seems to break the demonic spell. THE BOOK OF ANDREW: When Adrian wakes up, he's in a hospital and has amnesia. A nurse named Ellen tells him his name is Adrian, but he says his name is Andrew because he remembers his mother used to call him that. Ellen tells him that Marjean and Peter are both dead, a result of a cataclysmic event that happened the night of the party. Adrian lapsed into a coma that night and has been institutionalized ever since. Adrian tries to leave but is caught and restrained, and Ellen explains that Adrian is being held as a prisoner; Adrian's fingerprints were found on the downed power line that was used to kill Peter. Memories of that night come back to Adrian in nightmares, spurred on by two objects: the crucifix pendant that Rosemary gave Adrian, and a cigarette lighter that belonged to Guy Woodhouse. Adrian remembers finding Guy's cigarette lighter next to Peter's body in the parking lot. Not knowing if Ellen will believe him or not, he is hesitant about telling her what he remembers about the cult. Fortunately, Ellen does believe him and helps him escape. When Guy hears about Andrew's escape from the hospital, he fears Andrew might come after him and kill him in a fit of rage. Roman and Minnie visit Guy and explain Adrian's sudden relapse from his coma; the coven has some kind of plan for him. Although they realize now they cannot control Adrian the way they had hoped, there is something they need from him before they can be finished with him forever. They seem to be asking Guy to get rid of Adrian once he has fulfilled their purposes, but Guy is hesitant to agree, as he fears Adrian. Meanwhile, Adrian and Ellen take shelter at a motel. Ellen seems genuinely interested in Adrian, but after she gives him a glass of drugged wine, she confesses to him that she is coven member herself. Emerging from the bathroom in a sexy red negligee, she reveals the coven's plan: they will start over again with a new baby, a girl, who will be raised to be an even better vessel for Satan's child than Rosemary was. Ellen uses makeup to black out the crucifix scar on Adrian's chest and she has sex with him. When Andrew later wakes up and goes outside looking for Ellen, a speeding car comes right for him out of nowhere. Andrew manages to get out of the way, but Ellen is the one who gets run over instead. When the car finally crashes to a stop, Andrew discovers that Guy, who is now dead, was the driver of the car trying to kill him. Confused and scared, Andrew runs away into the night. The film finishes with Roman and Minnie sitting in the waiting room of a hospital. They bemoan the fact that they lost control of Adrian, but that they look forward to their "new beginning". The doctor then informs them that their "granddaughter" is well and that her pregnancy should continue as normal. The camera reveals that the pregnant girl is none other than Ellen herself. We then see Ellen giving birth to Adrian's baby during the end credits.
tt0070074
Drama,Horror,Sci-Fi
In 1830's England, young medical student Victor Frankenstein (Leonard Whiting), following the drowning death of his beloved brother, bitterly renounces God and vows to find the secret to creating life himself. He crosses paths with the eccentric Dr. Henry Clerval (David McCallum) who shares his quest and takes the younger Victor under his wing. When experiments in reanimating insects and a severed human arm succeed, the two prepare to bring to life a man whom they have assembled from body parts of victims of a mining accident. On the eve of their attempt, Henry discovers that the process will reverse itself and dies from heart failure before he can sufficiently warn Victor. Committed to carrying on his late friend's work, Victor forges ahead and brings to life a creature of incredible beauty and innocence (Michael Sarrazin). The two develop a close, affectionate relationship and Victor looks forward to presenting his creation to society as "the new Adam." Inevitably, the flaw in Clerval's procedure results in the grotesque distortion of the Creature's appearance, causing Victor to callously reject him. The Creature attempts suicide but to his dismay finds he can't be killed. He leaps from the White Cliffs of Dover, and Victor assumes he's seen the last of his bungled handiwork. The Creature, still very much alive, wanders the countryside and befriends an old blind man (Sir Ralph Richardson). He also develops an infatuation with his daughter Agatha (Jane Seymour) whom he observes in secret. In a tragic accident Agatha is killed, and the Creature brings her to his birthplace, seeking Victor's aid. Instead, he finds the lab has been taken over by Dr. Polidori (James Mason), a former colleague of Henry's. Victor meanwhile has moved on, returning his attention to his fiancee Elizabeth (Nicola Pagett) and attempting to live a normal life. His plan is thwarted by Polidori, who uses the Creature to forcibly enlist Victor's help in bringing yet another body to life, this time female. The result is Prima (also Jane Seymour), a stunning beauty with an evil, cold heart. Finding no further use for Victor's creature, Polidori locks him in his laboratory and sets it ablaze, while Victor stands by helplessly. Polidori grooms Prima and schemes to use her to gain entree into the cream of society and seats of political power. Prima's coming-out party is memorably cut short by the arrival of the uninvited Creature. Events come to a head when she viciously attacks him, inciting his jealousy and murderous rage. Their life in a shambles, Victor and Elizabeth charter a boat to escape to America, unknowingly accompanied by both Polidori and the Creature. After a storm and much violence only Victor and his Creature are left on the ship. Wishing to escape humanity, the Creature steers the ship toward the North Pole. Victor and the Creature confront each other for a final time in the Arctic wasteland.
tt0476209
Documentary,Biography,Drama
Everyone's heard of it, but what does E=mc² really stand for? And why did it change the world? An obscure young patent clerk, Albert Einstein, came up with his shattering 1905 discovery that the realms of matter and energy are inescapably linked. Einstein's Big Idea reveals the roots of his astonishing breakthrough in the human stories of men and women whose innovative thinking across four centuries helped lead to E=mc² , and ultimately unleashed the power of the atom. As one discovery builds on the next, Einstein's Bid Idea show how Einstein's saga began with the personal lives of the pioneers of modern science and their years of persistence, ingenuity, sacrifice, and struggle against the odds. The film stars Aidan McArdle (from Ella Enchanted) as Einstein, and Shirley Henderson (from Harry Potter) as Einstein's first wife, Mileva Maric. Narrated by John Lithgow, this documentary is based on the book "E=mc² -A Biography of the World's Most Famous Equation" by Davis Bodanis. In this movie appears Wolf Kahler who will later play Ludendorff, chemist and Fritz Shimon Haber's close friend in Haber (2008).
tt0375986
Biography,Drama
This beautiful movie follows the story of Mother Teresa in a straightforward way. Mother Teresa's fortitude, attitude, faith and even defiance of authority is frankly and genuinely portrayed. Her version of the world, and her role in it - including in the Church - was very non-conformist, and she insisted on doing things her way, which she believed to be the Lord's way. She started out small, wanting to be among the poor in Calcutta. Driven by a vision of assisting more of the poor - and not just in India - she received unexpected permission to create her own "congregation" (mission within the Catholic Church) and establish various refuges to care for the poorest of the poor. First she establishes a refuge for dying people, especially children. She is joined by volunteer sisters, and expands to creating more refuges, including one set up in an abandoned Hindu Temple, and (not shown, but mentioned) a center South America. She established a school in Calcutta for the poor children. She meets the Pope and then later goes to Rome to seek permission that anyone below him would not grant - to create the "City of Peace." She established the "City of Peace" - a refuge for lepers (and their families). The show also depicts controversies she encountered, typically misunderstandings about building permits, an accusation of child trafficking (turned out to be a mistaken claim) and opposition by some within the Church. Teresa is portrayed as not caring whether those she cared for were fellow Christians, Muslims or Hindus; she just reached out to everyone. The show depicts her receipt of the Nobel Peace Prize and shows us that her attitude was intact after all her years, with a dialogue about the food they had specially chosen for her. "Could not more be done with the money?" she asks, implying that it could have been used on the poor - she had no use for fancy food. Olivia Hussey really deserves to be awarded for her performance - she was perfect for the part.
tt0072945
Drama
Fact based made for tv movie about Eric Lund, a young courageous teenager diagnosed with leukemia. The story is about Eric's brave battle with the disease and the support and love from his family. Eric was a great athlete from Rowayton, Connecticut. His request to his family was "walk in the world for me." Eric was an incredible mentor about life to his friends - both old and young.
tt2246779
Documentary,Comedy
Upbeat, clean-cut SNL writer John Mulaney skewers himself and topics ranging from "Home Alone 2" to quicksand in this stand-up special. He starts by making jokes about his youthful appearance, then covers topics including New York Post headlines, terrible driving, his girlfriend, Delta airlines, "Law & Order: SVU" and Ice-T, gangsters and murder in the 1930s, Jewish women, 13-year-old bullies, Irish people, a wild high-school party, a gay homeless man, quitting drinking, kleptomania, and other topics. The delivery is affable and fast-paced.
tt0210047
Drama
A family of "little people" are peacefully having dinner when the thundering sound of horsemen is heard. One of the male adults helps the other family members to hide, but with nowhere else in the house to hide he jumps out a window and flees, only to be ridden down by a horsemen, captured and kidnapped to a foreign kingdom. He is dragged before a royal court of monsters (literally and figuratively) consisting of the monstrously fat king and his equally repulsive court, called "Hop-Frog" because of his now-limping gait, and forced to become the new jester. One morning, the practical joke-obsessed king orders the inventive yet sensitive Hop-Frog to provide entertainment for the arriving Duke and Duchess of Siri-Siril. Following Hop-frog's physical comedy and a sumptuous banquet, the king's guests wheel in a giant bird cage, containing a young dwarfish woman named Tripetta, as a gift for the king. It's love at first sight for Hop-Frog, but his feelings and the condescending and cruel treatment at the hands of the so-called "normal" courtiers only tortures him even more. Events take an even uglier turn when the king summons Hop-Frog, orders him to come up with a original idea for an upcoming costume ball and forces him to drink goblets of wine (which the poor dwarf can't handle). Trippetta, who has been forced to be present, tries to halt the bullying, but has a goblet of wine thrown in her face for her efforts. This in turn has the effect of immediately sobering Hop-Frog up, and he comes up with a brilliant idea: the king and his councillors will be covered in fur and pretend to be ourangutangs bound together by a lengthy chain and, most appealing to the King's sadistic nature, scare the you-know-what out of everybody. The conceit is a strange one, but the King and his men readily accept it. Later that night, Hop-frog frees Trippetta from her cage to assist him in carrying out his plans for the costume ball. The night of the ball arrives and the plan is carried out; the king and his councillors are sewn into tight-fitting body-suits (which are painted all over with tar and covered with flax) and equipped with carved wooden masks. The illusion is a flawless one, so much so that when the "Eight Chained Ourangutangs" bust into the party at midnight and create their commotion, none of the guests complain when Hop-Frog lowers a chandelier chain down from the ceiling, hooks it to the chain connecting the beasts and has it and the "apes" hoisted into the air. Using a torch to pretend to try and find out who these costumed people are, he sets them all afire, with the other partygoers too far out of reach to help. He and Trippetta (who has been waiting on the roof) watch coldly from the roof as the fire claims its victims, then escape into the air on a makeshift flying machine as flames slowly spread through the kingdom.
tt0117306
Drama,Musical,Romance
In Milan in 1863, two young lovers are in bed together ("Happiness"). The handsome captain, Giorgio, breaks their reverie by telling Clara that he is being transferred to a provincial military outpost. In the next scene, Giorgio is in the mess hall at the army camp with Colonel Ricci, the unit's commanding officer, and Dr. Tambourri, its physician. He thinks longingly of Clara (First Letter) and she thinks longingly of him ("Second Letter"). Giorgio's thoughts are interrupted by a bloodcurdling scream. The Colonel tells him not to worry; it's just Fosca, his sick cousin. Giorgio offers to lend her some of his books. As he begins to adjust to the tedium of life at the outpost, the sensitive Giorgio feels increasingly out of place amongst the other men ("Third Letter"). He starts becoming friendly with the Doctor, who describes Fosca as having a nervous disorder. She frequently collapses into seizures, exposing her suffering and need for connection. Fosca arrives later after dinner to thank Giorgio for the books. When he suggests she keep a novel longer to meditate over it, she explains that she does not read to think or search for truth, but to live vicariously through the characters. She then goes off into a dark musing on her life ("I Read"). When Giorgio awkwardly changes the subject and observes a hearse pulling up, she is seized by a hysterical convulsion. Giorgio is stunned and appalled ("Transition"). The following afternoon, Giorgio, the Colonel, the Doctor and Fosca go for a walk together. As they stroll through a neglected garden, Giorgio politely engages Fosca in conversation while mentally narrating a letter to Clara. When Fosca confesses that she feels no hope in her life, he tells her that "the only happiness that we can be certain of is love." Fosca recognizes that Giorgio, like herself, is different from others, and asks for his friendship ("Garden Sequence"). Giorgio and Clara exchange letters about Fosca. Clara urges him to avoid her whenever possible. When Giorgio is preparing to take a five-day leave, Fosca shows up unexpectedly, dissolving into hysteria and begging him to return soon. Fosca is next seen reading, stone-faced, from a letter Giorgio has sent her kindly rejecting her love while he and Clara make love back in their room ("Trio"). Upon Giorgio's return, Fosca reproaches him. She interrogates him about his affair with Clara and learns that she is married. In a sharp exchange, they agree to sever all ties. Weeks go by with no contact between them, but just as he is beginning to think that he is finally free of Fosca, he is informed by the Doctor that she is dying. His rejection of her love has exacerbated her illness. Giorgio, whose job as a soldier is to save people's lives, must go to her and offer a few words of hope. He reluctantly agrees. He enters Fosca's bedroom, and she implores him to lie beside her while she sleeps. At daybreak, Fosca asks him for a favor before he leaves: "Write a letter for me." He complies, but the letter she dictates is a fantasy one from Giorgio to herself (I Wish I Could Forget You). He hastens from the room. The soldiers gossip about Giorgio and Fosca while playing pool ("Soldiers' Gossip"). The Colonel thanks Giorgio for the kindness he has shown his cousin and explains her history. As a child, Fosca was doted on by her parents and once had illusions about her looks. When she was seventeen, the Colonel introduced her to an Austrian count. Fosca was taken with him, though she had her reservations. Once they were married, the count took all of her family's money. Fosca eventually discovered that he had another wife and a child. When confronted, he smoothly admitted to his deception and vanished. It was then that Fosca first became ill. After her parents died, she went to live with the Colonel, who felt responsible for her circumstances ("Flashback"). Meanwhile, Clara has written Giorgio a letter ("Sunrise Letter") addressing her approaching age, in which she admits that she's afraid that he will not love her anymore when she is old and no longer beautiful. Giorgio makes his way to a desolate mountain heath and is in the midst of reading when Fosca appears. After Giorgio lashes out at her in anger ("Is This What You Call Love?"), she collapses, and he carries her back in the rain. The rain, the ordeal of getting Fosca back to camp and perhaps the exposure to her contagious emotions have conspired to give Giorgio a fever. He falls into a slumber and dreams that Fosca is dragging him down into the grave with her ("Nightmare"). The Doctor decides that Giorgio needs to spend some time away from her and sends him off to Milan on sick leave ("Forty Days"). As he boards the train, he is followed once again by Fosca. She apologizes for causing his illness and promises to keep her distance for good. Giorgio pleads with her to give him up. She explains that this cannot happen. Her love is not a choice, it is who she is, and she would gladly die for him ("Loving You"). Giorgio is finally moved by the force of her emotions. He takes her back to the outpost ("Transition"). The Doctor warns Giorgio that he must stop seeing Fosca, that she threatens his mental and physical health. Giorgio requests that his leave be shortened; he feels it his duty to stay and help her as much as he can. Back in Milan, Clara questions him jealously about Fosca. Giorgio asks Clara to leave her husband and start a new life with him, but as she has a child, she cannot. During Christmas at the outpost, Giorgio is told that he has been transferred back to military headquarters. Later on, he reads Clara's newest letter, in which she asks him to wait until her son is grown before planning a more serious commitment ("Farewell Letter"). Giorgio finds he no longer desires the carefully arranged, convenient relationship that they shared ("Just Another Love Story"). He puts her letter away. Having discovered the letter Fosca dictated, the Colonel accuses Giorgio of leading her on and demands a duel. The Doctor attempts to mediate the two, but Giorgio insists on seeing her one last time. He realizes that he loves Fosca, for no one has ever truly loved him but her. That evening, he returns to Fosca's chamber and, knowing the physical act might very well kill her, surrenders to what she has awakened in him (No One Has Ever Loved Me). They embrace, their passion consummated at last. The duel takes place the following morning. Giorgio shoots the Colonel and lets out a shrill howl eerily reminiscent of Fosca's earlier outbursts. Months pass, and Giorgio is in a hospital, dazed, recovering from his nervous condition. He is informed that Fosca died shortly after their night together; the Colonel recovered from the wound. Dreamlike, the other characters in the story reappear as Giorgio begins reading from Fosca's final letter. Gradually her voice joins his, and together they look back on their revelations ("Finale"). The company walks off, Fosca last, leaving Giorgio alone at his table.
tt0075015
Thriller
The play, originally from Paris and written by M. Robert Thomas, called Trap for a Solitary Man in UK, referred to as Trap for a Single Man or Trap for a Lonely Man in the US, is the basis for the movie One of My Wives is Missing, which was remade as Vanishing Act. It may also have connections with the movie Chase a Crooked Shadow. This is a story of a woman who disappears at the start of her honeymoon, after a fight with her husband. The wife returns but the husband insists that she is not his wife. The police inspector is caught between the disparate stories.
tt0084258
Biography,Drama
After teenage Gloria Morgan marries middle-age Reggie Vanderbilt they have a daughter: the now famous fashion designer and heiress, Gloria Laura Vanderbilt. It is the event and aftermath of her becoming heir to the Vanderbilt family fortune as a child that this mini-series focuses upon. During her youth, both her maternal grandmother (Glynis Johns) and fundamentalist Catholic nanny (Maureen Stapleton) connive to turn 'Little Gloria' against her mother, after her father dies and leaves her 2.5 million dollars. Since the Vanderbilt matriarch, Alice Gwynne Vanderbilt (Bette Davis) is living, the rest of the Vanderbilt estate is still hers. This leaves the younger Gloria's widowed and very young adult mother nearly penniless. in an act of sibling rivalry, Reggie's less well favored sister (Angela Lansbury), buys off Gloria, Sr.'s gold digging mother (Johns); then, both women conspire to take 'Little Gloria' permanently away from her mother. The true enough story becomes a media frenzy the winds up pursecuting the wealthy child's mother and estranging them for life.
tt0944947
Action,Adventure,Drama
Three men set out on horseback on a snowy landscape from the Wall. The young one sees smoke from a fire and creeps up on it. He sees bodies hacked to bits and heads on stakes, dismembered limbs all around, including women and children. He turns and runs. We see their bodies are laid out in a kind of symbol, like a ring. He is chastised by his leader for being a coward, and reminded of their mission and the punishment for desertion. His comrades go to check out the bodies, and find theyve disappeared. One man finds what could be an organ in the snow, hes about to show it to the other man when something dark and sinister pops up out of snow and slashes him down. The remaining men run. Theyre chased by something that doesnt seem human. The creature catches one of the men and slices off his head. The remaining man drops to his knees and awaits his fate. Later, he stumbles across a field. Not dead. A band of men on horses intercept him. In Winterfell, Ned Stark (Sean Bean) watches his son Bran practice archery with the aid of Jon Snow, Neds bastard son. Inside the castle, his young daughter Arya practices needlepoint. Bran lets fly his arrow and misses wildly. Suddenly another strikes the bullseye. They turn to see who let it go its Arya, showing up her brother. A man comes to report they captured a deserter from the Nights Watch. Neds wife Catelyn asks him if he has to do what must be done. Ned says yes, and 10 year old Bran is coming to watch. They march the deserter to be beheaded. He tells Ned he saw White Walkers. Bran watches as his father beheads the man. Jon commends Bran for not looking away. After, Ned tells Bran that the White Walkers have been gone for thousands of years and the deserter must be crazy. He had to cut the man's head off himself because he passed the sentence, Ned explains. On the ride home they come upon a disemboweled elk and wonder what could have done it. They find a similarly hacked up wolf nearby, with two young pups. They believe theyre rare kind of wolf, a direwolf, of which there are only five south of the wall. Ned commands them killed because they wont survive without their mother. Jon suggests instead that the five pups go to the five Stark children. Jon gets the runt of the litter. Kings Landing, Capital of the Seven Kingdoms A funeral takes place in the grand cathedral. Ser Jaime Lannister checks on his twin sister, Queen Cersei Baratheon of the House of Lannister. Shes worried the dead guy Jon Arryn might have spilled her secret to her husband, the king. Back in Winterfell Cat tells her husband the news of Jon Arryns death. He was like a father to Ned. King Robert of Baratheon and Queen Cersei are on the way to Winterfell with their entourage. Bran climbs to the top of the compound to see the hundreds approaching. His mom chides him not to climb. The king and queen arrive. The Starks line up to greet them. Prince Joffrey Baratheon of the House of Baratheon makes eyes at Sansa Stark, Neds young daughter. They greet each other warmly. Arya is eager to see the imp. King Robert asks Ned to take him to the crypt. Down there, Robert says Arryn got sick suddenly and died. Robert asks Ned to come to Kings Landing and serve as Hand of the King, to run his kingdom. He wants Ned to help him keep the iron throne. He suggests they join their houses by marrying his son Joffrey and Neds daughter Sansa. We meet the imp, Tyrion Lannister, a dwarf. He is on the receiving end of a young womans attention. His brother Jaime busts in to tell them the Starks are feasting them at sundown. He brings additional whores to help Tyrion work out his desires before then. Robert pays his respects to Neds dead sister, who he was going to marry before the Targaryens killed her. He still feels strongly for her. Pentos Across the Narrow Sea Princess Daenerys Targaryen gets ready for her wedding. Prince Viserys comes to check on his sister, complete with examining her naked. The marriage is meant to solidify Viserys reign and not wake the dragon. Later, she meets her intended king, a savage killer who has never been defeated in battle. He says nothing, and rides off. Viserys advisor assures him Khal Drogo approved of her. Later, Viserys is talking about returning to rule. Daenerys announces she doesnt want to be Khal Drogo's queen. Viserys explains they need Drogo's army to retake their kingdom, and he would let all 40,000 of Drogo's men and horses have their way with her if it meant a return to power. In Winterfell, Sansa begs her mother to convince her dad to let her marry so she can be queen. Neds brother Benjen Stark arrives from the Nights Watch. Jon asks to return to the wall with him, but Benjen says hes not ready. After Benjen leaves, Jon meets Tyrion, who encourages him to wear the fact hes a bastard like honor, and then it cant be used to hurt him. He empathizes, saying all dwarves are bastards in their fathers eyes. Benjen finds his brother Ned, who tells him the boy he beheaded was a true ranger. He seems surprised he deserted. Cersei watches distractedly as her husband gropes wenches at the feast. Sansa introduces herself. Shes only 13. Jaime accosts Ned, taunting him to fight when hes back in town. Arya gets removed from the party for flicking food. Later at night, Ned tells his wife he doesnt want to go to the city. Cat doesnt want him to go either. Theres a knock at their bedroom door. Its Maester Luwin, Neds counselor. A rider brought a letter from Cats sister. It was sent from the aerie. Cat reads it and her eyes get wide. She burns the letter. Her sister has fled the city. She said her husband Jon Arryn was murdered by the Lannisters, and theyre plotting against the king. Luwin tells Ned hes the only one who can protect the king. At the wedding feast for Daenrys and Drogo, Viserys is eager to get his throne back. Daenrys watches two men try to have sex with a woman in the middle of a dance and end up cutting each other to bits. We learn that a Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths is considered a dull affair. Jorah Mormant, an exiled knight, brings song books to Daenrys. She also gets a gift of dragons eggs. Khal gets up and goes to his horse. Daenrys follows, he gives her a white horse. As shes riding off, her brother tells her to make Drogo happy. Later, alone on the beach at sunset, she waits nervously as her new husband looks her over. She cries. He says only no as he slowly takes off her clothes and pushes her to the ground. Back in Winterfell, Ned prepares to ride with the King. As they set off, Bran climbs to the top of the compound walls again to watch his father ride away. Halfway up the wall he hears the sounds of people having sex. He sees Jaime with a woman bent over in front of him. Its his sister Cersei. She seems to be a willing participant. She shouts that Bran saw them. Jaime pulls Bran off the ledge. He assess how high up they are, then he gives Bran a shove. The things I do for love, he says.
tt0077920
Drama
Isabella is one of the most powerful women in Shakespeare's plays. Angelo is one of the greatest villains. Measure for Measure is a story of abuse of official power, sexual harassment and Christian forgiveness. The Duke of Vienna has let things slide for years. He says he's going on a trip and leaves his friend Angelo in charge of the city. He tells him to straighten things out. Angelo is super strict. He closes all the houses of disrepute and arrests everyone who has committed immoral offenses. Claudio is arrested and condemned to have his head chopped off for getting his fiancée, Juliet, pregnant. Claudio sends for his sister, Isabella, a novice nun at the convent, to go to Angelo and plead for his life. She's a very strict person herself. Isabella pleads with Angelo who instantly falls in lust with her and tells her that he won't chop off her brother's head if she will have sex with him. She, of course, is horrified and refuses. Her brother urges her to do it to save his life, but she says that would only send them both to hell. Meanwhile, the Duke is lurking around the city disguised as a friar and knows everything. He remembers Angelo had been engaged to Mariana, who he dumped when her entire fortune was lost at sea. The friar (the Duke) introduces Isabella to Mariana. He tells Isabella to agree to sleep with Angelo but that Mariana will take her place in the darkened room. Mariana sleeps with her estranged fiancé, Angelo, thereby, according to Elizabethan law, making them married. But Angelo reneges on his promise to Isabella and sends the order to chop off Claudio's head anyway. In the final, VERY LONG Act 5, the Duke returns to Vienna (as the Duke, not as the friar). Isabella confronts Angelo in a large crowd pointing her finger at him and shouting, "Justice! Justice! Justice! Justice!" Angelo says to the Duke: My lord, her wits, I fear me, are not firm. She hath been a suitor to me for her brother cut off by course of justice. And she will speak most bitterly and strange. Isabella yells in their faces: Most strange, but yet most truly, will I speak. That Angelo is forsworn, is it not strange? That Angelo is a murderer, is it not strange? That Angelo is an adulterous thief, A hypocrite, a virgin-violator, Is it not strange, and strange? Isabella is (temporarily) dismissed as a lunatic. Marianna reveals that she was the one who slept with Angelo. The Duke reveals himself as the friar who knows everything. He condemns Angelo to death. Marianna pleads with Isabella to join her to ask the Duke for the life of her husband, Angelo. Isabella hesitates to forgive the man who killed her brother. In a very powerful display of Christian forgiveness, Isabella kneels with Marianna to ask pardon for Angelo. In the end, the Duke reveals that he was able to save the life of Claudio. Claudio and Juliet are officially married, Angelo is pardoned and officially married to Marianna, and (most disturbingly) the Duke asks Isabella to marry him. Now it is the DUKE who has the hots for Isabella. This is a part of the play with the greatest flexibility because after she discovers her brother is alive, Isabella has NO MORE LINES! She says nothing at the very end of the play. In the new 2006 production, she stomps off angrily, leaving the Duke in a sexually frustrated snit. In this 1978 BBC production she seems to accept the proposal. If I were the director, I would have her run down the street to escape into the convent and slam the door behind her. Key Ideas: Abuse of official power, sexual harassment, Christian forgiveness.
tt2381249
Action,Adventure,Thriller
Impossible Missions Force Agent William Brandt (Jeremy Renner) is directing two members of his team, Benji Dunn (Simon Pegg) and Luther Stickell (Ving Rhames), in an attempt to retrieve a package from a cargo plane that's about to take off in Minsk, Belarus. Luther is connecting Benji to the plane's electronics by hacking a Russian satellite, which is likely to get them into trouble -- and Brandt reminds them that they're already under investigation for misconduct. As the plane rolls onto the runway, Benji finds that most of the plane's systems are secured -- he can't shut down the fuel pump, the electrical system, or the hydraulics. Just then the missing member of the team, IMF Agent Ethan Hunt (Tom Cruise), sprints over a hill by the runway and leaps onto the plane, demanding that Benji open the plane's door. By the time Benji gets the right door open the plane is up and away, but Ethan escapes with the package -- many canisters of toxic nerve gas, conveniently prepared for a parachute drop. The nerve gas was being sold to a terrorist group, but none of the people who sent it from Belarus had the means to obtain it. Ethan is convinced this trail will lead him to the Syndicate, an international criminal consortium whose very existence has been in doubt. Reporting to an IMF substation that's disguised as a London record shop to receive his next orders, Ethan is captured by the Syndicate and watches in horror as a Syndicate agent kills his contact. He wakes up in a torture chamber, where he observes some discord -- Syndicate operative and disavowed MI6 agent Ilsa Faust (Rebecca Ferguson), who's preparing to interrogate Ethan with drugs, is forced to step aside by her colleague Janik Vinter (Jens Hultén). He's called the Bonedoctor and has a case full of scary instruments to prove his right to the nickname. Ethan escapes with help from Ilsa, but she refuses to go with him. Meanwhile, Brant appears with CIA director Alan Hunley (Alec Baldwin) before a Senate oversight committee. Brandt must respond to every question by refusing to confirm or deny anything without permission from the secretary (of defense, presumably) ... which he cannot get because there is, at the moment, no secretary in office. This allows Hunley to have his way with the committee. At his request the IMF is disbanded and absorbed into the CIA, guaranteeing that Ethan -- who Hunley thinks has gone rogue -- will be captured within the day. Six months later, Ethan is still on the run. Unable to find the Syndicate without help, he enlists his former colleague Benji, who's happy to take a break from the CIA -- Hunley is sure Benji knows how to find Ethan and subjects him to weekly polygraphs (which Benji beats handily). Ethan arranges for Benji to attend Turandot in Vienna to search for Solomon Lane (Sean Harris), who Ethan suspects is the leader of the Syndicate. Although Ethan and Benji thwart three snipers at the opera (one of whom is Ilsa), the Austrian chancellor (Rupert Wickham) is killed by a car bomb. Ethan reveals to Benji that the Syndicate has been assassinating minor world leaders for some time; the murder of the chancellor of Austria is an escalation and a signal that the Syndicate is stepping out of the shadows. Brandt recruits Luther to help find Ethan and prevent Hunley's team from killing him. Using a likeness of Ilsa left by Ethan, Brandt and Luther are able to track Ethan, Benji, and Faust to Morocco, where they're infiltrating a secure server underneath a power station. Their target is a well-protected ledger containing the names of all Syndicate agents and information on where the Syndicate keeps its money. The three of them execute an elaborate scheme in which Ethan is nearly drowned. As soon as he starts breathing again, Ilsa whacks Benji and takes the drive holding the ledger. During the ensuing chase, Brandt and Luther catch up with Ethan and Benji, while Ilsa joins a team of Syndicate motorcycle goons just long enough to get a bike of her own. Ilsa manages to escape, but Benji reveals he had already made a copy of the data. Ilsa returns to London and attempts to pass the drive containing the Syndicate ledger to her handler, MI6 Director Attlee (Simon McBurney), who compels Ilsa to return to the Syndicate and finish her mission. She returns to Lane, only to find that Attlee has wiped the drive, which in fact contained an encrypted "red box." A red box is a data safe programmed by the British government; unlocking it requires the prime minister's biometrics. The former IMF agents confront Ilsa, but when Lane's men abduct Benji, Ethan and company are told they must deliver a decrypted copy of the drive to Lane. Brandt contacts Hunley and reveals their location. At a charity auction, the two try and prevent Ethan from attacking the prime minister, whom they and Attlee take to a secure room. Ethan, having posed as Attlee, reveals himself and has the prime minister confirm the existence of the Syndicate, a classified project to perform missions without oversight (though the prime minister insists that he cancelled the project while it was still in the planning stages). When the real Attlee arrives, Ethan subdues him and he admits that he had been covering up the existence of the Syndicate since Lane hijacked the project and went rogue. Luther discovers the file actually contains access to billions of pounds. Ethan memorizes the data and destroys the file to force Lane to release Benji and Ilsa in exchange for what he knows. He goads Lane, drawing him into the open and luring him into a bulletproof cell where he is taken into custody. Ilsa drives away, telling Ethan, "you know how to find me." Some time later, Hunley and Brandt return to the oversight committee, where Brandt once again refuses to confirm or deny anything without permission from the secretary. Hunley secures the reinstatement of the IMF, claiming that his previous efforts to have it disbanded were all to allow Hunt to go undercover. The committee, though skeptical, approves, and on the way out Brandt addresses Hunley as "Mr. Secretary."
tt1825683
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
A voice from a young boy asks to tell him a story. The adults voice tells the story of "Vibranium." A gigantic meteorite with the toughest metal: vibranium, crashed in the region of the sources of the Nile river, "millions" of years ago and it affected the plants. Later, in the age of humans, five tribes in the land named Wakanda battled for control of that vibranium until a spirit led a certain warrior to find and eat a "heart-shaped herb" affected by the metal. He gained superhuman abilities, and became the first "Black Panther". Four of the five tribes submit to his power but one tribe wants freedom. The Wakandans use the vibranium to develop highly-advanced technology. They see the horrors of the other nations and isolated themselves from the rest of the world. They hid and pretended that they are not industrially developed like a third world country. In Oakland, California, Prince N'Jobu (Sterling K. Brown) vows to share Wakandas technology with people of African descent around the world in order to help them conquer their oppressors. N'Jobu enlists black-market arms dealer Ulysses Klaue to infiltrate Wakanda and remove a cache of vibranium. In 1992, King T'Chaka learns of his brother's actions. He confronts N'Jobu, who becomes angry and threatens to kill T'Chaka's loyal friend, Zuri (Forest Whitaker). T'Chaka reluctantly kills N'Jobu to save Zuri, and abandons N'Jobu's son Erik in order to prevent the Wakandan people from learning the truth. In the present day, following T'Chaka's death at the hands of Helmut Zemo, disguised as a masked James Barnes, his son T'Challa returns to Wakanda to assume the throne. After working with Okoye, the leader of the all-female fighting force the Dora Milaje, to extract his ex-lover Nakia from an undercover assignment in Nigeria's Sambisa Forest, he reunites with his mother Queen Ramonda and younger sister Princess Shuri, the nation's current technological genius. At his kingship ceremony he is challenged for the crown by M'Baku, the leader of the fifth tribe, the mountain-dwelling Jabari. The two engage in ritual combat, with T'Challa emerging victorious and becoming the new King. He let's M'Baku live. In London, a gang led by Klaue and including an ex-U.S. black ops soldier, Erik Stevens a/k/a/ "Killmonger," steals an ancient Wakandan vibranium ax from a museum. When the tribal elders receive word that Klaue has resurfaced in South Korea, T'Challa's friend W'Kabi, who lost his parents as a result of the dealer's actions, urges the young monarch to bring him to justice. T'Challa, Okoye, and Nakia plan to intercept Klaue at an underground casino in Busan, where he will be selling the ax to an unknown buyer. The plan, however, goes wrong when T'Challa discovers the buyer is CIA agent Everett Ross and Klaue suspects the deal is a setup. The deal subsequently goes sour, and a car chase ensues that culminates in Klaue's apprehension. While in CIA custody, however, Klaue is rescued by Killminger. Ross is seriously injured saving Nakia in the attack, and rather than pursue Klaue, T'Challa takes Ross to Wakanda where his sister Shuri uses the nation's advanced technology to save Ross' life. Killmonger kills Klaue and takes his body to Wakanda as a token, revealing his identity as N'Jobu's son to the tribal elders and challenging T'Challa for the throne. Killmonger triumphs in ritual combat and hurls the defeated T'Challa over a waterfall. After ingesting the heart-shaped herb to gain the powers of the Black Panther, Killmonger enacts his father's plan, preparing shipments of Wakandan weapons to be distributed to Wakandan operatives around the world. Nakia, Shuri, Ross, and T'Challa's mother Ramonda flee to seek the aid of the Jabari and learn M'Baku's men have found and are caring for the comatose T'Challa. Healed by a heart-shaped herb brought by Nakia, T'Challa returns to Wakanda and to renew his combat with Killmonger for the throne, which was never officially concluded since T'Challa never died or conceded. When Killmonger refuses to cooperate, his claim to the throne is immediately invalidated and Okoye and the Dora Milaje turn against him. However, Killmonger who is now wearing a suit of Black Panther armor of his own resists with force along with the Border Tribe. While Shuri, Nakia, and Jabari battle W'Kabi, Ross, piloting a remote jet with Shuri's guidance, shoots down the planes carrying the weapons before they can leave the country. The battle goes poorly for T'Challa's side until M'Baku and the Jabari arrive to support him, thus turning the tide. T'Challa and Killmonger's battle carries them into the heart of the vibranium mine, where sonic disrupted used in the transport of the metal incapacitate their vibranium armor. While Killmonger's body is briefly exposed, T'Challa stabs his cousin. He takes Killmonger to see the sunset of Wakanda and offers to heal him. But Killmonger states that he knows he will then be imprisoned and would rather die a free man. He pulls the dagger out of his chest and dies. With that victory, T'Challa is officially restored to the throne, with M'Baku granted a seat in the national tribal council to represent his tribe in recognition of his loyalty. Rejecting the isolationism of past Wakandan kings, T'Challa establishes an embassy in the United States to be run by Nakia and Shuri. In a mid-credits scene, T'Challa appears before the United Nations to reveal Wakanda's true nature to the world. In a post-credits scene, Shuri continues to help Bucky Barnes with his recuperation.
tt1289401
Action,Comedy,Fantasy
A group of people are taking a tour of the Aldridge mansion in New York City. The tour guide Garrett (Zach Woods) tells the group of Gertrude Aldridge, a disturbed woman that was kept locked in the basement by her father. A candlestick falls over on the table near the basement to creep the group out, but it's just part of a trick Garrett played. What he doesn't see is a device beneath the nightstand that is flickering and vibrating. As he is closing up shop, Garrett hears a noise near the basement. The door begins shaking, and he runs for it. Garrett tries to run out of the mansion, but the doorknob has been heated. He tries to break out a window with a stool, only for the stool to be thrown back. Garrett runs back toward the basement. The floor is filling up with green slime, and the stairs break apart. Garrett holds on as he sees a ghost rise up from the floor. At Columbia University, Dr. Erin Gilbert (Kristen Wiig) is approached by Ed Mulgrave (Ed Begley, Jr.), a publisher who has a book that Erin wrote some years ago on the existence of ghosts. She's not proud of having written it, and she's even less than pleased to learn it has resurfaced. Erin knows it was done by her former friend and colleague Abby Yates (Melissa McCarthy). Ed approaches Erin because of the haunting at the Aldridge mansion and asks her to look in on it. As Erin looks up Abby's current workplace, she learns from the university's dean Harold Filmore (Charles Dance) that she is up for tenure, so she does what she can to hide knowledge of the book. Erin finds Abby in her lab with her new work partner Jillian Holtzmann (Kate McKinnon), a brilliant engineer who is also a bit nutty. Erin and Abby are still upset with each other over the book, and Erin demands Abby take the book off Amazon. Erin then brings up the Aldridge mansion haunting, inspiring Abby and Holtzmann to spring into action, with Erin reluctantly joining them. The three ladies arrive at the mansion with some equipment. The basement has been locked tight. Erin steps on some slime. Suddenly, the three notice that the basement door is now open and emitting an eerie blue glow. They are then face-to-face with the ghost of Gertrude Aldridge. Erin approaches her calmly, but Gertrude's face turns demonic and she spews ectoplasmic bile all over Erin. The ghost flies out of the building. The ladies record a video with Erin proclaiming that ghosts are real. Unfortunately, this falls into Filmore's hands, and he fires Erin for being a bad representation of the school. Now that Erin is jobless, she decides to join Abby and Holtzmann in their research. Abby and Holtzmann also lose their job after talking to the dean (who happens to be a dick), so they steal equipment from the school's lab and decide to open up their own facility. We meet MTA worker Patty Tolan (Leslie Jones). She is approached by a weird guy named Rowan North (Neil Casey). He rambles on about a "fourth cataclysm", which Patty pays no mind to. She then has to go into the tunnel to check something out. Behind her, Rowan plants another device similar to the one at the mansion. Patty then sees a ghost in a prison suit. She runs like hell away from it. Erin, Abby, and Holtzmann set up shop in a new location above a Chinese food restaurant as the "Department of Metaphysical Examination". A young man named Kevin Beckman (Chris Hemsworth) shows up for a receptionist job. Erin thinks he's hot, but during the interview, Kevin proves to be really dumb. Still, they hire him on the spot. The ladies are then visited by Patty, who mentions the ghost she spotted in the subway. Patty leads the ladies to the tunnel where she spotted the ghost. Holtzmann brings along some equipment she built to catch the ghost. They see the same ghost that Patty saw hovering above them. They record the ghost with their HD cams while Erin is given a proton laser to capture it. The laser isn't strong enough to hold the ghost down, and the train is coming in fast. The ladies run to safety as the train hits the ghost, causing them to get splattered with ectoplasm slime while the ghost is stuck on the train. The video of the ghost goes viral, and the media dubs the team "Ghostbusters", to their chagrin. Famed de-bunker Martin Heiss (Bill Murray) goes on record to dismiss the subway ghost as fake. Patty decides to join the team since she knows how to get around the city, and she provides the team with a vehicle for carrying equipment. It's a hearse that she borrowed from her uncle, which only Holtzmann seems to enjoy, and it becomes the new Ecto-1. Hotlzmann shows off some new equipment she made to catch ghosts, including a new laser gun, a grenade, and a proton glove. It's all untested, so most of it turns out to be dangerous, but the team thinks it's all cool. The team is called to investigate a ghostly sighting at a musical theater. Rowan is seen planting another device in the theater. Abby's specter detector (not the actual name of the device) goes off near the dressing rooms. Patty is chased by a mannequin possessed by a ghost. The Ghostbusters hit the mannequin with their proton lasers, releasing a huge flying ghost monster into the theater. They follow it up to the stage where a band called Beasts of Mayhem are performing. The ghost flies out, making everyone think it's part of the show until the Ghostbusters rush the stage and try to hit it with their lasers. Abby stage-dives and goes for it, and Patty follows, but nobody catches her. She gets up and has the ghost perched on her shoulders. The other three wait for Patty to be still as they hit it with their lasers. Holtzmann pulls out a trap and has the ghost sucked into it. Everyone cheers the team on, while Ozzy Osbourne is backstage and thinks he's having a "flashback". The team celebrates their first capture with some pizza. Abby and Erin discuss how they were friends since high school. Erin also mentions how when she was a child, the ghost of her mean neighbor would stand at the foot of her bed every day for a year, and nobody believed her when she said it. They are then visited by Martin Heiss so he can prove that the team is faking their capture. Erin gets annoyed and decides to prove Heiss right by bringing out the trap and releasing the ghost. The ghost flies out and pushes Heiss out a window as it escapes into the city. After the police arrive, the team is escorted by Agents Hawkins (Michael Kenneth Williams) and Rourke (Matt Walsh) to meet with Mayor Bradley (Andy Garcia) and his assistant Jennifer Lynch (Cecily Strong). While they are thankful for the team's capture of the ghost, they want them to say they are frauds so as to not cause a stir in the city. When the team is alerted to a new ghost sighting, Erin realizes there is a pattern to all the appearances in the city. It is discovered that all the devices found are along leylines that intersect at the Mercado Hotel. They find a picture of the staff, and Patty recognizes Rowan among them, knowing he is their guy. The team heads to the hotel and finds Rowan in the basement with a device he built in which he plans to release a horde of ghosts upon the city as payback for being constantly mistreated. Abby tries to convince Rowan to stop his plans until she mentions the police are on their way. Rowan then grabs two pillars and electrocutes himself before the police arrive. The basement is then closed off, but the specter detector is left behind and goes haywire. At home, Erin reads through a copy of her book that Rowan was keeping to orchestrate his plan. She looks through the drawings and sees that he had always planned to electrocute himself so that he can become a ghost and eventually bring about the Fourth Cataclysm to lead the ghosts and terrorize the world. At headquarters, Abby hears a knocking at the door, but no one is there. There is a rattling on the sink's pipe, and she sees a green glow in the drain. Rowan's ghost then possesses Abby. She starts breaking Holtzmann's equipment and then grabs Holtzmann by the throat to dangle her out a window. Patty intervenes and rescues Holtzmann before smacking Rowan out of Abby. Moments later, Kevin pulls up on his motorcycle, and Rowan possesses him. He rides off back to the hotel. Erin runs to a restaurant where she finds Mayor Bradley and Lynch eating. She frantically tries to warn them to evacuate the city, but she comes off as crazy, so she is taken away. Rowan in Kevin's body makes it to the hotel basement and attacks the two guards standing outside. He manages to break the barriers keeping the ghosts trapped to allow them to fly free, beginning the ghost invasion upon the city. A portal opens in the sky, releasing more and more ghosts upon the city. Erin tries to get a cab, but the cabbie (Dan Aykroyd) dismisses her and drives off. Abby, Holtzmann, and Patty gear up and head off the fight ghosts. They run into none other than Slimer (Adam Ray) the green ghost eating from a hot dog cart. He steals the Ecto-1 and drives off. Abby and Patty get ready to shoot at the car, but Holtzmann says the equipment on top of the car is basically a nuke. They then spot a bunch of ghosts that look like giant parade floats, which they start popping with their proton packs. A float in the shape of the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man shows up and presses down on the three, rendering them immobile. Erin saves them by popping Stay-Puft with a Swiss army knife that Holtzmann gave her. The team then faces off against dozens of ghosts, including Gertrude, the subway ghost, and the theater ghost. The Ghostbusters head to the hotel to find a still-possessed Kevin having frozen the police and military. Rowan leaves Kevin's body and decides to take on a familiar, more "friendly" form - the Ghostbusters logo. However, he grows into a humongous beast that bursts out of the hotel and begins wreaking havoc on the city. As they see Slimer and other ghosts riding down the street, the team gets the idea to hit the Ecto-1's nuclear reactor into the portal to reverse it and eventually close it. They fire their lasers at the ghosts to have them steer into the portal before hitting the reactor. The plan works, and the ghosts start getting pulled back into the portal. Rowan holds on to two buildings, so the team hits him in the groin with their lasers to loosen his grip. He starts to get sucked in, but he grabs Abby and pulls her into the portal. Erin hooks herself up to a wire and jumps into the portal. She fires her laser at Rowan's hand to release Abby while he is pulled into the abyss. Holtzmann and Patty pull the two out, and they return with totally beached white hair. Afterward, Mayor Bradley continues to deny the ghost problem, but he secretly gives the team funding to continue their work. They upgrade their headquarters to a firehouse (same as the original movie). Patty's uncle Bill (Ernie Hudson) then pulls in with a new hearse. He's not happy about what happened to the other one. During the credits, we see the team being visited by Holtzmann's mentor Rebecca Gorin (Sigourney Weaver), who inspired her to be crazy. Patty then calls the team to the roof. The city's buildings are lit up to say "I Love GB". There is also a dedication to Harold Ramis. After the credits, the team is doing some work while Patty is listening to a recording. Erin walks over to see what's up. Patty simply asks, "What's Zuul?"
tt2080374
Biography,Drama
The opening titles roll as archive footage plays, of science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke explaining how personal computers will be a part of our future. Cupertino, California, 1984. A 28-year-old Steve Jobs (Michael Fassbender), his right-hand woman Joanna Hoffman (Kate Winslet), and one of the inventors of the Apple Macintosh, Andy Hertzfeld (Michael Stuhlbarg), are all gathered around a projection screen trying to figure out why the Macintosh computer won't say 'hello'. Its revealed they're in a performing arts center, about to do a heavily anticipated product launch for Apple shareholders and press. Joanna suggests that he just leaves it out of the demo, which is minutes away. Steve refuses and insists that it must work. He tells Andy he must make it work. Andy tells him that they need special tools to get inside the machines hardware you cant just use a screwdriver. Steve is furious but Joanna tells them not to talk loudly about the machine they're introducing to the world being hard to open; she points out that Joel Pforzheimer from GQ Magazine is in the nearly empty audience already, having been shadowing Steve for three weeks. He says he doesn't care. He mentions how he wants to sell a million units in three months. Steve then calls for Andy Andy Hertzfeld asks which one (since there is Andy Hertzfeld and a female, Andy Cunningham, who is in charge of the launch). Steve says that since Andy Hertzfeld is already on stage with him, he obviously wants the other Andy. She comes over and he tells her to make sure the Exit signs go off during the video presentation so there is total blackness. When she informs him that the fire department will not let them dim the lights for safety reasons, he tells her, If a fire causes a stampede to the unmarked exits, it will have been well worth it for those who survive. Joanna suggests pushing the demonstration back while they work on the voice feature but Steve says they will always start exactly on time (this will come back to play throughout the film). Joanna and Steve go backstage. She tries to convince him to just leave the hello out of his demo, that no one will realize there is supposed to be a voice program, but he is insistent it happen because this machines success will dictate whether he is a success or a failure. He later admits that he needs it to say hello because Hollywood has turned the computer into a monster in their films. This computer is designed to look warm and friendly and inviting and he wants it to say hello. She acknowledges that HAL said hello and it scared her (i.e., the film he is referring to is 2001: A Space Odyssey). Joanna complains about both the $2,500 price point of the machine and the fact that it doesn't have much memory; he tells her she can complain about one or the other but memory will up the price point further so she cant complain about both. She asks why he is charging as much and he explains that its new and innovative in that its the first computer without programming language if he tells her she has a spot on her shirt, he describes it as such, "not look three centimeters down from your neck and then two centimeters over." Steve finds boxes of TIME Magazine in the back and asks why they are there. She tells him it was a mistake they were going to leave them on all the chairs since it talked about how personal computers were to be the future. But they changed their mind because it was a scathing article that focuses on Steve having an illegitimate daughter, Lisa, which he vehemently denied although one of the Apple coworkers seemed to refute his story. Steve complains about the TIME article, saying that they put a drawing of a man and a PC on the cover. He says he was up for Man of the Year but the journalist has some ill will towards him and that's why he's not on the cover. Joanna tells him Chrisann and Lisa are there and she begs him to meet with her, to keep her from badmouthing him to the 335 reporters in the lobby. Joanna brings Chrisann and her precocious five-year-old daughter, Lisa, backstage. Chrisann and Steve begin fighting so Joanna leads Lisa out of the room. Joanna has gotten to know Lisa acting as a middle man for John, which we learn when Joanna repeats that Lisa said she loves Joanna's speaking voice (Joanna has a slight Polish accent). Lisa tells Steve she knows he named one of the Apple computers, the LISA, after her. He tells her its something called a coincidence the machine actually stands for Local Integrated System Architecture. She is confused, wondering if he named her after the computer instead of vice versa. Joanna keeps him from loudly announcing his theory that Lisa isn't his daughter to her. Finally alone by themselves, Chrisann is frantic, saying that he inferred in the article that she slept with 28% of the country's population. He said he didn't say that -- but with a paternity test that says hes only 94.1% likely to be the father, he was quoted as saying that it meant 28% of the US population could be just as likely. She insists he called her a slut and points out that his Apple stock is up to 441 million yet her and his daughter are going to have to be on welfare. He responds by shouting that Lisa is not his daughter (hence his refusal to help out financially). Later, in private, Joanna points out that he must realize that Lisa looks an awfully lot like him. Apple co-founder Steve Woz Wozniak is introduced, said to be socially awkward (Seth Rogen). Steve Jobs notices a man with a floppy disk in his pocket getting into an elevator. He asks what size shirt the man is wearing, what size shirt he himself is wearing. He now wants a shirt with a pocket so he can keep the floppy disk in it and pull it out during the demonstration. He tells Joanna to find someone who wears the same size shirt as him, in white, and to give him his shirt in exchange, as well as a free computer. She tells him, "Why white? What if its blue?" He tells her the computer is beige so he must wear white to offset it. Andy Hertzfeld finds Steve and tells him he still cant get the voice feature to work. Steve tells him to fix it and Andy says they're not a pit crew at Daytona; they cant fix this in seconds. Steve tells Andy they didn't have seconds, they had three weeks. The universe was created in a third of that time. Andy replies, "Well, someday, you'll have to tell us how you did it." Steve threatens to call out every single member who helped create the Macintosh computer on stage itemizing each team member by their creation and tells Andy that he will call him out by name in front of the hundreds of reporters when he gets to the voice feature that didn't work. Steve returns to the stage to practice his speech. Woz is in the nearly empty audience. He tries to convince Steve to acknowledge the Apple II team during his speech but Steve refuses. They go outside and have a long debate, with Woz telling Steve that the Apple II accounts for the bulk of Apples profits but Steve is dismissive, only focused on the Macintosh and how excited everyone is after seeing the famous Super Bowl 1984 ad. Woz mentions that the Board hated it but Steve doesn't care about their opinion. Steve goes back in the room with Chrisann and Lisa. He asks why shes not in school and Lisa says that she woke up on time but forgot to set the alarm so her mom overslept. He asks why she should be in charge of setting the alarm but she says its just one of her chores. Chrisann attacks the Macintosh, asking how its going to change the world. He responds by telling her they donate many to underfunded schools. She asks how that answers her question. He sets Lisa up at the computer and tells her to use it however she wants, that she can click anywhere and it cant be broken. While Lisa plays on the computer, he raves about how the machine is the next big thing and will revolutionize how computers are used. He checks on Lisa's progress and then rotates the screen to Chrisann, revealing Lisa has used the MacPaint program to draw what she calls an abstract. He teaches her how to save the file she can already read the word Save, another sign that she is a gifted child. He has now warmed up to the little girl and tells Chrisann he will put enough money in her account to buy a house. She is skeptical but Joanna promises it will be so. Steve goes into the room with all the technicians working furiously to fix the voice feature. There is discussion about how Steve wanted only two ports a modem and a printer while the others pitched to him eight. Andy Hertzfeld suggests something possibly unethical the program worked fine on a 512K so they can do the demonstration on that instead of the unit they're showing (which is a 128K). Joanna comments that it is, in fact, quite unethical. The audience is now filled with people. They stomp their feet and start a wave. Backstage, moments before going on, John Sculley (Jeff Daniels), the former president of Pepsi and now CEO of Apple, chats with Steve Jobs behind the projection screen, telling him he heard hes behaving worse than usual that day, which he didn't know was possible. John voices that the Board was unhappy with the 1984 ad and Steve is argumentative, saying it looks like it should win an Academy Award for Best Short Film. John points out that it doesn't show the brand, its set in a dystopian future that the customers don't live in, that there were real-life skinheads in it. Steve argues that that's the look they wanted the characters to have but John counters that real skinheads are racists and they're now associated with their brand if anyone finds out. Debating aside, its obviously Steve and John have much love for each other; John Sculley refers to himself as a father figure for Steve. John then asks Steve why he can only focus on being rejected instead of chosen, pointing out that if someone is adopted, its not that their parents spent time with him and then gave him away its that a couple chose him and agreed to raise him. He doesn't give a solid response. He goes on stage as he is introduced but we don't hear his speech. Instead, through news footage, we hear that the Macintosh was a huge disappointment and it fell very short from Steve's projected one million in three-month projection. Instead it only sold 50,000 in that time period. Steve was subsequently fired by Apple. The movie skips forward to the year 1988. Steve has launched NeXT, computer workstations designed for educational use. Joanna and him are preparing for the launch. The product is a black cube and Steve is focused on the design he takes pride in that the machine is a perfect cube and is angry that some of the dimensions are off. Joanna mentions recent articles about his firing from Apple and how Steve Wozniak was the only one to give a no comment in relation to whether he was fired or not. John Sculley actually has said nice things about him in Forbes Magazine, which he finds a bit surprising. Lisa is backstage with Steve while he puts his foundation on, asking him all kinds of questions. She measures the NeXT with her ruler and says all the sides are the same. He tells her its a faulty ruler and she tells him if she had another ruler, she could measure that ruler but she doesn't. She says as long as four sides are equal, they're all equal but he says its a cube and it has six sides. He tells her the machine has to have the proper dimensions of cube but a few centimeters are skewed because the human eye don't see a perfect cube as such. They have playful banter, revealing they have grown closer over the last four years. Joanna has a discussion with Steve backstage and he is adamant about the cube being perfect, screaming at everyone. Someone suggests starting late while they perfect the model but Steve repeats that he never starts presentations late. Joanna tells him when he was at Apple, he made everyone uncomfortable and they had contests every year for the person who did the best job standing up to him. She won three years in a row. Joanna then tells him he has reality distortion and reveals that years ago, when he was upset about TIME Magazines cover, it wasn't a PC on the front but a sculpture of a computer. And he was never up for Man of the Year. This new information changes his perspective of things. Steve Wozniak comes to visit and mentions that Macworld Magazine has written up an interesting article about him. It states that Steve Jobs NeXT is so innovative, he may become Apples CEO. Steve and Woz go down to the orchestra pit. Steve Jobs says he once asked a conductor why his occupation exists, given he doesn't do anything a metronome can't do. The conductor told him musicians can play individual instruments but the conductor plays the orchestra. Steve is a bit condescending to Woz, which infuriates him. He points out that Steve isn't an engineer or a designer. Woz built the circuit board, the graphical interface was stolen, so why does he constantly have to hear that Steve Jobs is a genius? Steve tells him that he is the conductor; they are just the musicians. Woz stops him as he walks away, telling him he only stopped by to give him a warning the NeXT computer is going to flop and its going to be his second failure in four years. Steve tells him, "Tell me something else I don't already know." Joel Pforzheimer from GQ is there again. He asks Steve Jobs for a quote, on record, but Joanna gives him all the sound bites while Steve stays silent. Joel follows them into an elevator and Steve says the computer is just missing one thing but won't say what. Joel tells Steve hell keep whatever he says off the record, both turning off the tape recorder and removing the cassette to prove hes being genuine. Steve says the missing component is the OS (operating system). Joel asks how he is doing a launch for a computer without an operating system. Steve tells him they are using a demo which shows what it can potentially do but they haven't finished creating these things yet. John Sculley surprises Steve backstage, saying they need to bump up security. Steve thanks him for his positive Forbes quote but they later get into a heated conversation with Steve pointing out that he used the gentle Woz as a mouthpiece for the company in regards to his ousting. John asks why everyone thinks he fired Steve and complains that hes getting death threats from computer users. They argue with Steve saying the Macintosh would have sold if they had set the price point at $1,495 instead of $2,495 but John says its not the price; users were unimpressed with the machine. They continue fighting and John asks Steve, "Why do you want everyone to dislike you?" Steve replies, "I don't want them to dislike me. I'm just indifferent to if they do." John tells him that Steve will be happy to hear that he dislikes him and always has. Steve admits that he actually liked John. We learn who was really to blame for Steve's firing (according to the film). Through a flashback, we see John surprising Steve at his home which has no furniture he only has a Macintosh set up on the ground which he tinkers with when hes home. Sculley tells him the Board just decided they want to get rid of Steve. They argue, with Steve pointing out that John hated the famous 1984 ad; John says they had skinheads in it and they didn't show the product. He points out how his Pepsi ads showed the soda, people drinking it. Steve replies, "Sorry to assume the consumer needs to be shown how to use the product." He then accuses John of trying to keep the ad off the air but John tells him, "it's the opposite; without him, it wouldn't have aired at all." They had purchased various air time two 30-second spots and one 60-second spot but after viewing the ad, the network didn't want to air it and insisted they auction off their time. But he kept the 60-second spot and that's how the commercial aired. Steve demands a meeting with the Board. Next, we see Steve and John in a conference room with the Board on a rainy night, which Steve recalls was the worst night of his life. Steve points out to the Board that he was the one who founded Apple, in a garage; hes an inventor while they are hacks who just lead by a show of hands. He forces an ultimatum between keeping him, who he knows the Board already doesn't want, or keeping John. Of course, the Board votes for Steve to be ousted so Steve had forced the vote just to make John look like he was responsible for his departure. Steve goes to his dressing room where Chrisann is waiting, demanding more money because she has to go to the doctor for a sinus infection. But he points out that records show she spent $1,500 of the money he's given her to bless her house, which she could have used for things like the doctor. He is furious with her because he knows people who know people and they have reported that Chrisann threw a bowl at Lisa's head. Chrisann defends the report, saying that she didn't throw it at her head that she threw it at the ground and Lisa wasnt even in the room. It is revealed that she was angry at Lisa for forgetting to set her alarm clock, which he says is not something a child should have to do anyway. We learn that Lisa is now in a gifted school although Steve admits to having funded the school. Steve finds her on a catwalk, listening to a cassette on a Walkman. She says its two versions of the same old song. He asks her what the song is about and she says its in three parts first its about clouds, then love, and then life but in the second half, the singer begins to see these things in a new light. He knows the song, Both Sides Now by Joni Mitchell and tells her its not an old song or else he'd be old. He tells her she needs to get to school because she's a truant and that's a crime. On the elevator down, he asks the difference between the two versions. She said the first is girlish and the other one she doesn't explain. Joanna pulls Steve backstage, frantic. He playfully asks, "Why havent I ever slept with you?" and she replies, "Because we don't love each other." She tells him that getting the cube the exact right shape means nothing because the product is not going to do well. He tells her he knows. Steve reveals that the Macworld article was right his goal was to show his innovation and ideas so Apple would take notice and he can be reinstated back in the company, as CEO. Chrisann and Lisa are leaving because Lisa now says she needs to get to school because she doesn't want to commit a crime. Steve tells her he was joking about that. He asks her what the second version of the song was, the first being girlish. Lisa tells him regretful but he tells her she shouldn't be regretful, shes just a child. She tells him that is what the second version is like, a word that seems fitting now that Steve is warming up to his daughter, who he once denounced as his own. She hugs him goodbye and whispers to him privately, "I want to live with you." Years go by and through real archival footage, we see that Apple falters in the 1990s with the one big gadget launch being The Newton, a PDA that turns whatever you write into computer text. It is mocked by the press and on The Simpsons and considered a failure. It is now 1998. Steve is getting ready to launch the new iMac. He runs through his presentation for the handful of people gathered in the audience. The iMac is revealed, beautiful for its transparency, bright color, side compartment for all the ports. Steve says that the video on the projection screen was the best hes ever seen. Andy Cunningham comes over and tells him its because shes dimmed the Exit signs for a true blackout. He asks how she managed that and she tells him she connected the light sources of the Exit signs to their system so they can turn them off for seven seconds. She hands Steve quotes on the iMac but Joanna confiscates them and says its best for him not to hear any buzz in advance. Steve knows his daughter is there and asks someone to grab her to come visit with him backstage. He is told Lisa is with her friends but he is insistent someone brings her to him. Joanna takes Steve backstage and she reveals that she has already reviewed the quotes and discloses what they say everyone is raving about the iMac and it is slated to sell a million units in three months. The statistics predict that 33% of the consumers will be people buying a personal computer for the first time and many PC users are slated to swap over to Mac. Steve says he already knows and jovially begins doing yoga. But Joanna changes the subject to something that makes her intensely upset she has found out that Steve has not paid for his daughters tuition at Harvard. He defends this decision stating that Lisa's mom has sold the house he bought for them. Joanna tells him that's not Lisa's fault but Steve says Lisa could have stopped her from doing so. Its later revealed that Chrisann sold the house at a fraction of its worth, the same thing she has done with sculptures she had previously bought at top dollar with the money Steve gave them. Joanna mentions that Chrisann needs money for doctor visits because she has a sinus infection. He tells her shes had the same sinus infection for 15 years. Joanna reveals that Andy has paid the first semesters $25,000 tuition. He asks which Andy and she tells him, Hertzfeld and she tells him he needs to start calling the other Andy Andrea. He tells her he could but its not what he calls them that matters; everybody else would have to call her Andrea for him to know who they were talking about. Andy Hertzfeld is outside the door, listening to the conversation as Steve gets upset that Andy paid for his own daughters tuition. Andy finally makes his presence known. Joanna leaves as Steve and Andy talk. Steve tells Andy that he will wire $25,000 into his account to reimburse him. Andy defends him paying for the tuition by explaining that word would let out that Steve Jobs daughter had to miss out on her first semester at Harvard because her dad refused to pay the money, and it would have made Apple look bad. Steve points out that the expenditure report lists Andy as having purchased other things for her Andy explains Lisa needed mittens because it gets cold in Cambridge. It is revealed that Steve is more concerned with something else his daughter has been seeing a therapist, at the encouragement of Andy, who seems to be closer to Lisa than Steve is. Andy explains that Lisa really enjoys the therapy, so what does it matter who suggested it? He also says that Lisa would like both of her parents to attend with her, revealing that Andy is in constant conversation with Lisa. Steve repeats what he had heard, that Andy suggested the therapist to Lisa to substitute for the lack of a strong male influence in her life. Andy admits its true. All through the theater, there are blown-up photos of innovators from the past like Bob Dylan, Lucille Ball, etc. Someone asks who is the man in a photo. Steve tells him that its Alan Turing who single-handedly ended World War II and invented the personal computer. When Steve is asked if hes going to include him in his speech, he says no because he just had to explain who he was. Someone mentions that Alan Turing killed himself by a poisoned apple and asks if that's where the Apple logo with a bite taken out of it comes from. Steve says it doesn't but it would be a good story. Steve goes back onstage to finish tinkering with his presentation. He finally approves the picture of a shark as the demo computers wallpaper. The technician is annoyed, stating its the same as the 37 other shark images that Steves been shown and it was probably one of the earlier ones he initially rejected. Steve runs through his speech, which utilizes Bob Dylan lyrics (who, in real life, Steve Jobs was fond of). Woz is in the nearly empty audience again, like in the 1984 presentation, and he asks Steve if hes going to acknowledge all the people hes just laid off. Steve defends his decision to downsize and refuses to add anyone into his speech. He explains this by stating that there are A-players and B-players in the company and theres no reason to include B-players in his speech. Woz is defiant, stating that they arent B-players, that the employees who design and build the machines are the reason the A-players can shine. Woz says he is sick of being treated like Ringo. Steve replies that everyone loves Ringo. He adds, "But why penalize John for being John? He is who he is and Ringo is who he is." Woz says, "John Lennon is John Lennon because he wrote Ticket to Ride. I wrote the Apple code." Woz says that people ask him all the time why Steve gets acknowledgement and he's always responded that Steve is a genius who invents and he prefers contributing from a hard workbench. But now he thinks Steve is simply an asshole. Steve defends himself by listing all of the improvements he's made to Apple since becoming CEO. Steve tells him "It's not binary. You can be decent and gifted at the same time." He exits. Backstage again, John Sculley sneaks into the area Joanna and Steve are clustered in. Joanna is quick to sneak John in as he was recently let go as Apple CEO and she doesn't want the press to notice him. He gives Steve a Newton, the gadget that Apple thought would be a big hit but was a flop. They have a cordial dialogue and Steve reminds John of how he said that as an adopted child, he should feel selected, not rejected. But in reality, he was rejected the Catholic lawyer who originally adopted him sent him back to the adoption agency after a month. His mother refused to sign the adoption papers when the less-educated Jobs wanted to adopt him which Steve comments as being flabbergasting, that someone selects him and they're still rejected. As they speak, we flashback to Steve in the early 80s trying to convince John, then president of Pepsi-Cola, to become CEO of Apple. He gets into an impassioned pitch about how the personal computer he's designing at Apple will be so inviting that everyone will have one, in the future. They are waited on by a nice Syrian waiter. John asks if Steve ever met his biological parents and Steve admits he did meet his biological mom. John asks if he ever wants to meet his dad and Steve says that they both have. We now see them again at the restaurant with the waiter he is Steve's father, whom Steve tracked down. John asks if he ever told the man he was his dad but Steve says no but he actually brags to customers that Steve Jobs comes into the restaurant. He fears revealing their relationship would end up in a law suit of his dad claiming some ownership of Apple. Steve is ushered away but he gives John one last note about the Newton before he leaves it was the stylus that kept it from being a hit. He tells him, "Why use one unit when people already have five (he holds up his hand)?" (Perhaps this a hint at the iPhone, which will become a huge hit for Apple years later; the Newton was the first PDA in the industry and it was the touch screens that made the iPhone so popular). Outside, Steve is finally united with his daughter, who has been listening to music on her Walkman, just like in 1988. She is not happy to see her father. He tells her he's wiring money to Andy and is glad her tuition is being paid for her. But that's not what she is upset about Harvard has Internet access (i.e., its not as ubiquitous as it is today) and she was able to look up the TIME Magazine article from 1984 and knows Steve originally denied her as his daughter. She says that unknowingly, two of her professors have actually tried to reverse engineer the 28% statistic he listed (stemmed from there being only a 94.1% probability he is the father). Joanna tries to get Steve on stage as its time to begin his speech but he doesn't care about being late, counter to all the times hes been adamant they have to start right on time. Lisa continues to berate her father and for once, he is gentle and apologetic. She looks at a giant photo of Bob Dylan on the wall and tells him he might give a speech quoting Bob Dylan lyrics and the computer might have a fast processing speed but gesturing to a blown up picture of the blue iMac it still looks like Judy Jetsons Easy-Bake Oven. She storms off. In the final scene, Steve finds Lisa on the roof parking lot, walking towards her beat-up car, preparing to leave. He stops her in her tracks, asking her if she knows what Apples LISA computer stands for. She says, "Yeah. I read the article. It's the Local Integrated System Architecture." He points out those words don't even make sense together. That it was named after her. He always knew she was his daughter. He reveals the abstract picture that Lisa designed on MacPaint in 1984; he had saved it all these years. She is touched by this. Joanna finds them on the roof and tells him he needs to go onstage. Shelter from the Storm by Bob Dylan song begins to play on the films soundtrack, apparently from Lisa's Walkman. Steve eyes the portable cassette player stuffed into Joanna's pocket and tells her she shouldn't have to keep a giant machine on her to hear music. He's inventing a new gadget that will allow her to play 1,000 songs from one tiny gadget. Or maybe 500 songs. Between 500 and 1,000 songs. (Obviously this is the iPod, which will revolutionize Apple as a company). Joanna repeats that he's going to be late for his speech. But looking at his daughter lovingly, for once, Steve Jobs doesn't care.
tt1945228
Documentary,Drama
If you agree you don't know anything about exclusive you then you watch this documentary. Everything belongs to the universe including the lives has a time for its beginning. But here we see that it is just going to describe about the life in this documentary. So at the beginning of our lives, in the silence, before there was a world, before night or day, alone in the stillness where nothing was, we were being formed by the unknown & we've been being accompanied to this unknown place called Earth. We knew nothing about this universe at that age as a beginner. So everything we saw, felt were fresh things to us. We were quaked in wonder about the every feelings and every scenes we were seeing there. Perhaps we even didn't have known about the place we are going and we might never saw the pains of this world life. Then we were just like in a dream that we were floating. Only we needed would be the love because we were supposed to have a birth. The unknown or the life giver poured us with the affection and kindness and accompanied to this unknown place. Finally we got the birth with restless, full of the joy and the pain. Beginning of ourselves is buried and hidden. We don't need to thing about our beginning to live with the life in this world. So the greatest mystery in the universe has been hidden from the ever life. When we compare us with the beginning where nothing was, these everything is seen as a riddle. What really are we? What is this creation? Who are we to the nature? Why were we brought here? What is this mysterious world? What for it? Life has so many pleasures & pains even for kings. Did the life giver ask us to give us a life like this? Did we agree with the conditions of the life before getting on? The life giver devour lives for another lives. The foods. Lives need to find them to live. But why lives on this world are depending on another things? Sometimes we see the life giver as terrible. Sometimes beautiful. But why? Because we love our lives. We even don't like to give it back to the life giver. We sometimes see this world as a mess. But only when we look at the beginning everything was beautiful and lovely. Life giver gave us what we needed at that time. Now we see this mess as an acting on a show. The love created us. Life giver is our mother. If the love was not there, we could not have born. Love binds every lives together. It's needed to the birth of another life. Our mother accompanied us to this world. We were with her all the time before coming here. And she gave everything we needed there. The love was the only thing we needed at that age. We saw everything as good. But now, we are lives. we have pains. We are helpless. We need help. We fear to the death. We love to our lives. where are our mother now? Why don't she help us? Why can't we see her? How should we reach her? . But we are full of troubles. Are not we her children? Why our mother have gone? Speak with us. Are you going to abandon us...?
tt1340138
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
In the year 2029, John Connor (Jason Clarke), leader of the human Resistance against Skynet launches a massive final offensive on Los Angeles. He is notified by his unit, Tech-Com, that Skynet will attack on two fronts in the past and future, thereby changing warfare forever. Connor sets up two attack forces, one to strike at Skynet's main defense grid in Colorado, and a second one, led by John and his trusted lieutenant Kyle Reese (Jai Courtney), to destroy Skynet's main weapon, a time machine hidden at a remote storage facility. Before the Resistance can reach the time machine, Skynet sends a T-800 terminator back in time to 1984 to kill John's mother, Sarah Connor. Reese volunteers to go back in time in order to protect her and ensure John's existence. Moments before Kyle disappears, he witnesses a cyborg posing as a Resistance soldier suddenly attack John. As Reese floats in the machine's magnetic field, he receives fragments of memories belonging to an alternate 12-year-old version of himself (Bryant Prince) with a young Sarah, including a cryptic warning of events that will happen in 2017. Both Reese and the original T-800 arrive in 1984 Los Angeles. The T-800 materializes near a garbage truck and goes to the Griffith Park Observatory where it confronts three punks and demands their clothes. All seems to go just like it happened in the first film, that is, until a new, much more aged T-800 (Arnold Schwarzenegger) appears to confront the original. The three punks run away just as the two cyborgs engage in a one-on-one brawl, with the younger one gaining the upper hand. However, just as the younger T-800 is about to finish the older one off, a sniper allied with the T-800 shoots it from the observatory's roof, disabling its onboard computer. The older T-800 gives the sniper a thumbs-up signal. Meanwhile, Reese materializes in a back alleyway. He steals a pair of pants from a homeless man. Moments later, a police car arrives and its officer chases Reese into the alleyway. Reese corners the officer, taking his revolver and demanding to know the date and year, just like before in the first film. Much to Kyle's astonishment, the cop reveals that he knows Reese was to arrive at that precise time. Reese fires several shots at the officer, revealing that it is a T-1000 terminator. The shots stall the T-1000 long enough for Reese to escape into a nearby department store, where he grabs some new clothing and a pair of Nike Vandals sneakers. While fleeing, he inadvertently runs into two officers, Garber and O'Brien, who subdue and handcuff him. Garber and O'Brien lead Kyle away in handcuffs, failing to see the T-1000 emerge from a dressing mirror. It impales Officer Garber through the back. Kyle and O'Brien manage to take cover behind another counter. Just when it seems like their luck is about to run out, an armored van driven by Sarah Connor (Emilia Clarke) bursts through the storefront, and knocks the T-1000 out of the way. She then empties a Desert Eagle pistol into it, stalling it long enough for Reese to get into the truck with her ("Come with me if you want to live!!"), and then drives off. As they drive, Kyle finds out that the original timeline has been altered: Sarah already knows about Skynet, Judgment Day, and his role as her protector. Furthermore, Kyle learns that the T-800 sent from 2029 was already dispatched by Sarah and the new Terminator, who is now known as "The Guardian" (or as Sarah sometimes calls him, "Pops"). As Kyle is taking in the new revelations, the T-1000 attacks the vehicle. The Guardian and Sarah plan to lure the T-1000 into a trap in an abandoned factory. From there, the T-1000 disables the Guardian and re-activates the fallen T-800. The T-1000 then pursues Sarah while Kyle fends off the T-800. After destroying its flesh, Kyle finally destroys the T-800 by blasting its head off. Moments later, Sarah finds herself in a chamber beneath an acid bath set up as a trap for the T-1000, when she's approached by two Kyles. Unsure which Kyle is the actual Kyle and which one is the T-1000, she takes a lucky guess and shoots one of them in the foot. By sheer luck, it's the T-1000, which morphs back into its cop form. After yelling to the real Kyle to run, Sarah fires at the ceiling, unleashing an acid bath on the T-1000. The terminator is mostly melted, although it takes some assistance from Pops to do so (and not without damaging the flesh on Pops' right arm). Sarah then explains to Kyle that the Guardian was sent to protect her from the T-1000 back in 1973, where the Terminator's arrival had caused a fractured timeline that differs from Kyle's. After saving Sarah, the Guardian began training her to face her destiny. The Guardian has built a crude time machine similar to Skynet's and Sarah plans to use it with Kyle to travel to 1997 to change the events that would lead to Skynet's initial attack on humanity. However, Kyle, convinced that the future has changed because of his new memories, persuades Sarah and the Guardian that they should travel to 2017 instead. He believes that Skynet will begin its attack on that year of the altered timeline; Kyle and Sarah time-travel while Pops spends the next 33 years preparing for their arrival. In 2017, Kyle and Sarah materialize nude in the middle of a busy highway and are apprehended by police. The Guardian watches from a distance and follows them to a hospital. While being treated for injuries, Sarah and Kyle learn about "Genisys", a soon-to-be-unveiled operating system that will be used on every computer system worldwide: they realize that it is Skynet's precursor. She and Kyle are then rescued by John Connor. As he leads the pair to a parking garage, the Guardian appears and shoots John, revealing "John" to be a nanomachine hybrid. John has been converted into a T-3000, and explains that shortly after Kyle was sent back, he was infected by a T-5000, and was subsequently transformed. His mission here is to ensure that Cyberdyne would receive Skynet's technology and secure its rise. The T-3000 John tries to convince Sarah and Kyle to join the machines and end the conflict, but they refuse. After a brief battle, the T-3000 is temporarily incapacitated with an MRI machine. The Guardian takes Kyle and Sarah to a safe house in southern Marin County, where they make final preparations to destroy the Cyberdyne's Genisys mainframe before it comes online. The T-3000 pursues them to the Golden Gate Bridge, where Kyle, Sarah, and the Guardian are all taken into police custody. While awaiting interrogation, the trio is freed by O'Brien, (J. K. Simmons), who discovers that Kyle and Sarah are time-travelers, and the officer that Kyle and Sarah saved from the T-800's attack back in 1984. The three hijack a helicopter on the rooftop and head toward the Cyberdyne's San Francisco headquarters, with the T-3000 in close pursuit. During the airborne chase, the Guardian itself dive-bombs the T-3000's helicopter, causing it to crash. Emerging from the helicopter crash, the T-3000 enters the Cyberdyne complex and advances the countdown mechanism from 13 hours to 15 minutes. As Genisys begins to gain sentience, the Guardian, Kyle and Sarah plant bombs at key points in the facility while holding off the T-3000. After a lengthy battle, the T-3000 reveals its true self before easily defeating the Guardian, only to be attacked by Sarah and Kyle. With not much time left, Sarah and Kyle escape while the Guardian traps the T-3000 in the magnetic field of the prototype time machine, where T-3000 manages to throw the Guardian into a vat of mimetic polyalloy liquid just beneath the magnetic field. Kyle and Sarah manage to reach a bunker beneath the facility moments before the time machine explodes, setting off the bombs and preventing Genisys from coming online. The explosion also kills off the T-3000, destroying it once and for all. The Guardian, now upgraded with mimetic polyalloy components that the T-1000 usually has, appears and helps them find a way out of the debris. Later, the trio travel to young Kyle Reese's home, where they repeat the warning about Genisys to young Kyle, ensuring the events leading to their arrival. Sarah is relieved believing that she is now free to choose what to do with her future. She decides to stay with Kyle. In a post-credits scene, it is revealed that the Genisys system core was located in a hidden subterranean chamber and has survived the explosion.
tt1663202
Action,Adventure,Biography
Set in an indeterminate year of the 1820s, the opening scene shows Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio) speaking to his son Hawk (Forrest Goodluck) in an Indian language (Pawnee), telling him that even though he is scared and wants his trouble to be over, he must fight as long as he can grab a breath. As we hear Glass' voice, we see images of Glass with his Pawnee wife and son, his home being set on fire, and him holding his wife in his arms. Glass and Hawk are walking through a river with other men from their hunting party as they stalk elk. They are camped by a river in rural Missouri with other fur-trappers. They are led by their captain, Andrew Henry (Domhnall Gleeson). A naked missing man from their party walks into the settlement and collapses forward with an arrow in his back. Another man is shot in the neck with an arrow and falls into the campfire. The hunting party is attacked by a tribe of local natives who are Arikara Indians, also known as 'Ree'. The men fire back with their rifles. Glass is attacked and nearly choked to death, but one of his men rescues him. A few men gather their furs and materials toward a boat to make their escape. The Arikaras themselves are looking for the chief's daughter, Powaqa, stolen by unknown white men. The men abandon their boat and start to hike overland to Fort Kiowa. Hawk is antagonized by John Fitzgerald (Tom Hardy) for his race (Hawk is half-Indian on his mother's side), but Glass quickly defends his son and tells him not to retaliate against Fitzgerald. While hunting in the woods, Glass comes across a grizzly bear and her cubs, and he is quickly attacked by the larger bear. The bear claws and bites Glass, throwing him around as Glass tries to defend himself. He manages to shoot the bear, but it doesn't kill her. She attacks again and Glass gets his knife, stabbing it several times as they both tumble down a hill. Glass lands in a gully and the dead bear lands on top of him. The men later find Glass and try to tend to his deep wounds. Meanwhile, the Arikara warriors continue their search for Powaqa. They come across French fur traders and trade the riverside furs for five horses. The men in the hunting party carry Glass on a makeshift stretcher, but he only slows them down. They attempt to carry him up a hill, only for him to slide and bring the other men down. Fitzgerald suggests they need to just kill Glass and put him out of his misery. Henry covers Glass' eyes and almost shoots him in the head, but he cannot bring himself to do it. Henry offers payment of $75 to anyone who will stay behind with Glass. Hawk and Jim Bridger (Will Poulter) volunteer, though Fitzgerald points out that they and Glass will be likely to die. Henry raises the payment offer to $100 so that even Fitzgerald decides to stay with them until Glass expires. Glass is still in great pain and continues to have visions of his wife and the day his home was burnt down. Fitzgerald gets a moment alone with Glass and tries to convince him to let him put him out of his misery so that no one else is slowed down or left waiting to die, including Hawk. As Glass is unable to talk, Fitzgerald suggests Glass should blink if he agrees, knowing that Glass would eventually have to blink, with or without intention to agree to Fitzgerald's offer. Glass holds his eyes open for a long time before closing them, instead of blinking. Fitzgerald intentionally interprets this as blinking and starts to smother Glass. Hawk shows up, seeing Fitzgerald smothering his father. Hawk starts to call Bridger for help, leading to a struggle with Fitzgerald in which the man stabs Hawk in the abdomen, then letting him bleed out as Glass watches helplessly. Fitzgerald gets rid of Hawk's body and tells Bridger he doesn't know where he went. Later that night, Fitzgerald urges Bridger to move on with him, claiming to have seen Ree Indians by the creek. Already having dug a grave for Glass, Fitzgerald forcefully drags him into the hole and partially buries him alive under a pile of dirt as Bridger reluctantly lets him do so. Meanwhile, Henry and the rest of the hunting party have a difficult march by as they head towards Fort Kiowa. As Fitzgerald and Bridger head to meet them, Bridger realizes Fitzgerald was lying about having seen the Ree by the creek. He turns his rifle on Fitzgerald, who takes it from Bridger and turns it on him. He pulls the trigger, but the unloaded rifle clicks on an empty chamber. They continue to move. Glass awakens and weakly struggles to rise from out of the dirt. He starts crawling his way through the woods to find food and warmth. He finds Hawk's body freezing up from the cold. Glass vows to stay by his son's side. He finds a thick bear pelt to take with him to keep warm. As he continues to move through the woods, he feeds off of roots and old bone marrow. He attempts to build a fire for added warmth and uses some of his leftover gunpowder to seal the wound in his throat. Nearby, the Indians are getting closer, so Glass rides down the rapids to escape them. Fitzgerald and Bridger are still walking. They come across a burnt-down settlement with bodies sprawled across the ground. One woman emerges from her burnt hut and sees the men. Bridger quietly leaves some food for her. Glass is getting colder and hungrier. He walks into the river and eats a live fish. He walks up a hill and sees a Pawnee Indian feeding off the carcass of a bison. Glass approaches him cautiously and gestures for food. The Indian throws him an organ, which Glass eats ravenously. In the morning, the Indian observes the bear wounds on Glass' body, which are starting to rot. Glass says his men left him for dead and killed his son. The Indian states that his own family was killed by a rival Sioux tribe. He is seeking out more Pawnee. Fitzgerald and Bridger reach the outpost and rejoin their party. Fitzgerald tells Henry that they couldn't save Glass or Hawk, and he collects his payment. Bridger remains quiet but is upset and refuses a bonus pay. Glass and the Indian move forward. They spend the evening sitting and catching snow in their mouths, the first time Glass has looked peaceful in a while. The Indian gathers materials for a quick sweat lodge and places a feverish Glass inside. Glass starts hearing his wife's voice, and then sees himself walking toward Hawk before they embrace in an old church. The Pawnee performs a healing ritual for Glass' wounds. When Glass wakes up, the Pawnee is gone. A short time later he sees that the Indian has been hanged by the French fur trappers. He infiltrates their camp and witnesses one of the men raping a woman. It is Powaqa (Melaw Nakehk'o). Glass holds the rapist at gunpoint and frees Powaqa. Glass then takes a horse, letting the other horses loose. He rides to a spot in the woods where he builds himself a fire. In the morning, the tribe searching for Powaqa starts to attack. Glass holds them off with his rifle before he mounts his horse and rides away. The tribe follows him on their horses up to a cliff where Glass and his horse fall over the edge. The horse dies, and Glass is injured again. As the night falls and the cold intensifies, he cuts the horse open, removes its organs, and bunks inside its carcass for warmth. When he wakes up, he gets out of the carcass and moves to a snow cave. In there, he carves "Fitzgerald killed my son." Sometime later at the outpost, one of the French hunters arrives with Glass' canteen, which Bridger left on the dirt pile after Fitzgerald buried him. Thinking he took it from Hawk, Henry leads a search party through the woods. There, they find Glass, limping towards them. They bring him back to the outpost. Henry finds that Fitzgerald is gone. The French hunter tells him that he heard Fitzgerald was headed to Texas. What's more is that Fitzgerald cleaned out the party's payroll safe. Henry then confronts Bridger with his rifle and beats the young man to the ground and puts him in the stockade. Glass vouches for Bridger's innocence to Henry, stating that he was only following orders. He also tells Henry how he saw Fitzgerald kill his son. Hearing that Fitzgerald is heading for Texas, Glass requests that he seek the man out himself. Henry reluctantly agrees to have Glass join him in the hunt. The two encounter Fitzgerald and split up to get him from opposite sides. Henry finds Fitzgerald first and plans to bring him back to be tried for murder. The two men draw their guns on each other, with Fitzgerald killing Henry. Glass finds Henry's body and puts him back on top of his horse using a branch as a prop. They ride on in view of Fitzgerald, who fires his rifle from a distance. He thinks he's killed Glass, but he just shot Henry's body. Glass gets a shot off and wounds Fitzgerald who runs while Glass pursues. They corner each other in the woods, and Fitzgerald shoots at Glass. Fitzgerald runs down by the creek where Glass finds him and they begin to fight. Fitzgerald nearly stabs Glass, but Glass turns the knife on him. Fitzgerald impales Glass' hand, but Glass overpowers him and nearly finishes him off until Fitzgerald states that killing him won't bring his boy back. On the other side of the creek, Glass sees the Indians that have been pursuing him, now with Powaqa. He decides that revenge is in God's hands, so he pushes Fitzgerald into the water and lets him float over to the Indians. The chief grabs Fitzgerald and kills him with his knife. They spare Glass since Powaqa tells them that Glass freed her. Although he has gotten his revenge, Glass is alone once again, wandering through the cold land. He falls on his knees and sees a vision of his wife once again walking into the light. The final shot is of Glass' eyes filling up with tears.
tt1964418
Action,Adventure,Family
Frank Walker (George Clooney) is talking to an unseen audience about the future when a female voice interrupts him, tell him that his wording is a touch 'bleak.' When the female asks him to think back to when he thought of the future as an optimistic place, he talks about when he went to the 1964 World's Fair in New York City as a child. Young Frank (Thomas Robinson) eagerly enters the Hall of Inventions carrying a very large duffle bag containing his invention: a jet pack he made. Though the judge David Nix (Hugh Laurie) does not show much enthusiasm for the device (which Frank admits doesn't work properly), a little girl named Athena (Raffey Cassidy) seems to think Frank's invention has potential. Outside the hall, Athena catches up with Frank. Giving him a small pin, she requests that he follow her behind a small group. The group also includes Mr Nix, and some guests of his. Putting on the pin, Frank follows the group to the "It's a Small World" attraction, where Frank bypasses the line and boards one of the boats by himself. During the ride, a laser scans his pin, and he's suddenly plunged down a secret chute, underneath the ride. The boat Frank is on then pulls up at a small transport station. After a disorienting ride, Frank finds himself on a foggy platform, but sees a strange flying vehicle taking off nearby, with Athena waving to him. Frank attempts to follow, but finds himself on the edge of a platform. Suddenly, construction robots arise, creating new structures, but knocking Frank down to a lower level. As his jetpack clatters to the platform, a robot nearby suddenly grabs it. Frank fights to get back his invention, but he is surprised when the huge automaton fixes it. However, Frank inadvertently falls from this platform as well, but upon igniting his jetpack, he finds himself soaring amid a gleaming white cityscape unlike anything he's ever seen before. Eventually, he sees Athena and the others, and touches down right in front of Mr Nix...who only seems mildly amused that Frank's invention can actually fly. Even so, Athena gives the young boy a reaffirming smile. Frank then becomes pessimistic again, when the female voice interrupts that he's seeming negative again. When Frank asks if the unnamed voice would like to take over telling the story, it obliges. We are then introduced to Casey Newton (Britt Robertson), who happily proclaims she's 'an optimist.' After a brief glimpse of a young Casey naming stars in the night sky, we cut to the modern day. Late one evening, Casey surreptitiously enters a Cape Canaveral, Florida NASA launch pad that is being demolished. She sabotages three construction cranes. When she returns home, her dad tells her 'the end' of the space shuttle's former launch site is inevitable. Casey still feels she's contributing something with trying to slow down the deconstruction. Unseen by Casey, a dark figure trails her from the NASA site to her home, and quietly slips a small pin into her helmet, dangling from her motorcycle handlebar. The next day, her father Eddie (Tim McGraw) laments how even though he's a NASA engineer, there's very little hope for him to do anything useful. Ever the Optimist, Casey reminds him of the metaphor of two wolves: light and hope, darkness and despair. In the end, as Eddie told Casey, the one who will win, is the one you feed. Casey goes to school, but becomes a bother in all her classes. Her teachers tell of nuclear annihilation, planetary meltdown, and governmental collapse, but Casey just wants to know one thing: "how can we fix it?" However, this question receives no answers. After hearing word that NASA has brought in working equipment from Orlando to continue disassembling the platform, Casey goes out to stop them, but is caught by NASA security. After her father bails her out of jail, Casey collects her things, but is surprised to find a small pin with the letter "T" on it. Picking it up, she is surprised when it seems to transport her to an endless field of wheat, with a futuristic city off in the distance. On the ride home, Casey attempts to show the pin to her father, but when Eddie touches it, nothing happens. Later on that evening, Casey sneaks out of the house, and bicycles to a large field. Touching the pin this time, she finds herself in the center of a dazzling futuristic city, with jetpacks and hovertrains. She also becomes enamored seeing a rocket launch station, and follows a group of space travelers...before the pin suddenly runs out of power, and she finds herself having wandered waist-deep into a lake. Waking up her little brother Nate (Pierce Gagnon), she asks him for help trying to find another pin on the Internet. Their search takes them to a website of Blast From The Past, a store in Houston, Texas. Strangely, they only have a street address, but don't list an email or phone number. Casey tells Nate to cover for her while she takes a bus to Houston to talk to the store owners. The next day, Athena sees Nate in front of their home who asks to see Casey. When Nate attempts to tell Athena that Casey is away, she claims he's lying, and asks where she "really" is. Arriving at Blast From The Past, Casey meets the store owners, Ursula (Kathryn Hahn), and Hugo (Keegan-Michael Key). They tell her that the pin supposedly was a key to showing a world created by some of the greatests geniuses in history, who called themselves Plus Ultra. When the two press Casey for more information on where she got the pin, her claims that she just 'found it' cause the two to get upset. Things take a turn for the strange when the two grab two actual-working laser guns, and attempt to kill her. Casey is saved when Athena appears, stopping the two in their tracks with a time-bomb (a device that stops time temporarily in a 15 foot radius). As the two get free, Casey and Athena fight them, with Athena pulling off Ursula's head, and Hugo being skewered. Both Casey and Athena rush out of the store before Hugo self-destructs, with the small girl then breaking into a car, and allowing the two of them to get away. In the car, Athena tells Casey that the two people they encountered, were Audio-Animatronic figures, and it was she (Athena) who gave Casey the pin. However, the fight has damaged Athena, and Casey panics when she realizes that the little girl is also a robot! Casey attempts to flee with Athena giving chase...but not before a truck slams into the small robot; Casey uses the opportunity to take the truck, but Athena quickly recovers, and chases after Casey, managing to catch up to her' Athena claims she is from the place Casey saw when she touched the pin (which happened to be her last one.), but it may not be there much longer. After a small discussion, Casey is willing to accept that Athena will not harm her. Athena wishes them to drive to Pittsfield, New York, to meet a man named Frank Walker. Back in Houston, Police are combing through the wreckage of the store, when a black van pulls up, and several people get out, led by a smiling man who calls himself Dave Clark (Matthew MacCaull). When one of the officers finds the charred remains of Ursula's head, Dave pulls out a device that disintegrates the nearby officers. Once they are done away with, he informs the other members of his party to contact Governor Nix. Eventually, driving all-night wears Casey out, and she relinquishes the driving duties to Athena...only to awaken on the side of a road, with Athena driving away! Seeing a mailbox nearby with the name "Walker" on it, she ignores the no trespassing sign and comes onto the property. She soon encounters a barking dog, but upon seeing it leaving no paw prints in the dirt, finds that it is simply a realistic hologram. Going to the front door, a man on the other side tells Casey to leave. When she demands to be taken to the place the pin showed, a concussive blast sends her flying backward, and Frank emerges. While she pleads to be taken to the place she saw, Frank tells her it doesn't actually exist. What she saw was a 'commercial' for this place, and they threw him out, and sealed off all ways to get back in. Frank once again tells Casey to leave, but she refuses to. As day turns to night, Casey notices a number of cables leading from the main house, and finds they are all attached to an array of antennas and satellite dishes. Setting a nearby tractor on fire, Casey gets Frank to leave the house, and get inside. Frank manages to put out the fire, but Casey refuses to let him back in until he takes her where she wants to go. Exploring the house, she finds some futuristic-looking devices, and a room showing numerous world and political turmoil, along with a countdown clock, and a 'probability' detector. Frank manages to get back in the house, and attempts to get Casey to leave once again, but she demands to know what she has just been witness to. When Frank realizes she won't just leave, he posits a question: "What if I could tell you the exact day you would die?" Casey claims she'd naturally want to know, but then if she did find out, she wouldn't believe it, and would try to find some way to change the future. Suddenly, the monitors behind her all flicker, and the probability numbers drop by the smallest percentage...but it's still enough to make Frank take notice. Suddenly, sensors indicate intruders, and a black van with dark-suited figures is seen. Frank attempts to fortify his house, but the intruders break in, revealing they are audio-animatronic figures. Frank manages to grab some things and stuff them in a bag, before he and Casey get into a bathtub, which rockets them out of the house as the former inventor self-destructs his birthplace. The tub lands in a nearby pond, and Casey and Frank emerge to find Athena in a truck nearby. The group begins to drive away from the house, but Frank quickly gets into a small argument with Athena. Athena ends up taking them to a television station, hoping Frank can take them to "The Spectacle." Frank at first refuses, but finally relents, willing to accompany them. Leading them into a utility shack, he reveals a secret underground entrance, wherein lies a teleportation machine. As he covers Casey's eyes and ears as part of the teleportation procedure, Frank asks why Athena chose someone like Casey. "Because she hasn't given up," the small automaton replies. In a matter of moments, the three are transported to their new location: atop the Eiffel Tower, in Paris, France. After subduing a guard, the group find their way into a small room, wherein are figures of Thomas Edison, Gustave Eiffel, Jules Verne, and Nicola Tesla. Frank claims that the Eiffel tower functions as an antenna, and a secret gateway the men made, as an emergency entrance to reach their secret city. Frank reveals an Edison Tube, that when put on a phonograph, opens a secret entrance. As the group watches, the tower splits in two, becoming a gantry, and a rocketship emerges from a compartment beneath the ground. Getting into the rocket, the three find French robots also attempting to stop them. However, the rocket blasts off before they can get to the three. After breaking free of Earth's gravity, the main compartment of the rocket flips around, and hurtles back towards Earth, breaking through into another dimension. The three emerge near the rocket area that Casey saw in the commercial, only it's desolate and deserted. Seeing a group of vehicles approach, Frank hands Athena a small device: a 1-kiloton bomb the size of a small ball, that she hides in a compartment inside herself. Frank claims they may need it for leverage. As the group watches, a hover train arrives, and Governor Nix emerges, looking just as he did when Frank first met him. Nix exchanges some short 'pleasantries' with Frank and Athena, and is then introduced to Casey. It is here that Frank explains about the probability blip he saw, feeling she can change things. The group then heads to a central tower, with a giant sphere nearby, sending energy into it. A platform transports the group up, with tachyons bathing the group, showing glimpses of things several moments in the future. As the platform rises into the sphere, a globe rises up on a pedestal in the center of the room. Frank shows Casey that it can take people in and out of places, and go backwards and forwards in time, showing people the Earth. Casey tests it out, and Nix is surprised how quickly she adapts to using it. Zeroing in on the NASA landing platform, Casey pushes into the future, but is surprised when the image becomes fuzzy. Pushing forward, she sees fire and smoke. Going over the globe, she sees other things: cities being destroyed, tornadoes and freak thunderstorms, before seeing her family's home underwater. Frank claims that what they see is said to be coming in a month's time or less. Casey is angered as to why Nix hasn't told anyone on Earth about what will happen, but Nix shows no reason to be concerned: what will happen will happen on Earth. The city will survive. When this prompts Casey to ask why Nix doesn't allow those on Earth to come to the city, he counters that there is too great of a risk for humans to destroy it, just like the Earth. Casey then shows her optimism by refusing to give in to what the machine has shown them, when suddenly, the panoramic view brightens, and the environment looks normal. Frank eagerly tells Nix that he has witnessed what he was talking about, but the Governor taps Frank with a device, knocking him out. Frank awakens in a confined room, with Athena and Casey nearby. Athena tells Frank he is once again to be banished, with Casey upset that Frank didn't tell her about the impending end of the world. Frank tells Case that he knows she's 'special,' but her optimism seems to have dried up. Feeling lied to that the pin seemed broadcast into her mind a vision of a bright future...she suddenly comes to a startling conclusion. Frank's antennas and dishes were grabbing feeds of what the device was broadcasting. But what if it the machine isn't just predicting the future...it is causing people to give in to these visions, and just accept what will happen: a self-fulfilling prophecy doomsday device. The three are brought before Nix, who has decided to banish them to a deserted island, via a portal. Frank attempts to tell Nix about what they found out, but he claims that shutting down the sphere won't make any difference. Casey is still upset that given everything they've seen, little glimmers of hope, this futurist can't seem to see reason, before Frank explains that the sphere was Nix's idea (of which Frank helped to assemble it). Nix's idea was reasonable: broadcast a future in which humanity would be galvanized to do something about what they believed would happen...but instead, all the visions did was make people accept what they saw, and give in. They repackaged what they saw into media, and seemed to care only for the here-and-now, never willing to consider what their actions could mean for the future. The three are about to be put through the portal, when Frank activates the sphere's lift via the controls on Nix's watch. As the two struggle, Frank tells Athena to use the 1-kiloton device to blow up the sphere. However, Nix activates two robots, and Athena is detained. Tossing the device to Casey, she climbs onto the platform. She manages to arm the device, but during Frank's struggle, Nix manages to keep the platform from ascending. With the device armed, and no way up, Casey hurls the device through the portal, with Athena shutting it just before it explodes. However, the blast loosens a piece of architecture, and it crashes down on Nix's leg, pinning him to the ground. Suddenly, Athena sees Nix shoot Frank with a laser gun...only to see it was a tachyon glimpse of the future. Seeing the real thing unfold before her, she rushes into the line of fire, and takes the blast. Frank attempts to get Athena to a repair station, but she tells him she can't be repaired. As she begins to shut down, Athena reveals to Frank glimpses of her memory, via logs: one tells of how she fears what will happen when he finds out she isn't human, but wishes to support him, as it seems she helps spur on his creativity. - another tells how she may be having emotions towards him, but has decided not to report this.the final transmission, shows the year 1984, in which Frank was exiled from Tomorrowland, blaming Athena for what happened. Athena explains that she can still be of use to Frank: she has a self-destruct device within her, and she can be used to destroy the sphere. Using a jet pack, Frank ascends above the city with his former friend and confidante. As she shuts down, Frank drops her into the sphere. Her self-destruct mechanism sends the sphere crashing to the ground, and crushing Governor Nix. Once back on the ground, Casey and Frank wonder what to do next. It is soon decided there is only one thing to do: become proactive! Casey opens the portal near her home, and invites her father and brother into Tomorrowland. Frank decides to reopen the recruitment program, turning on the pin-making machines, and building a number of new child-looking recruiters. We soon find that this is who Casey and Frank have been talking to the whole time: the new recruiters (like Athena). Each one is given their own pin-case, with a mission to find Dreamers, those that will help build a newer, and better Tomorrow. The final images show a number of people finding the "T" pins. As they each touch them, we then see dozens of people popping up in the vast wheat field, eyes drawn towards the spires of Tomorrowland.
tt2345759
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
London, 1157 A.D. Crusader knights bury one of their own with a jewel resting in his hands. Jump to the present day where the tombs of many other crusaders are discovered beneath London's catacombs. Dr. Henry Jekyll (Russell Crowe) enters the tunnels and comes across one particular tomb with hieroglyphs, leading him to realize what this means. Through flashbacks, Jekyll tells the story of Princess Ahmanet (Sofia Boutella). She was a cunning warrior who was ready to succeed her father, the Pharaoh Menehptre (Selva Rasalingam), until his second wife gave birth to a boy. Knowing that the boy would be the Pharaoh's new successor, Ahmanet made a pact with Set, the god of death, to sell her soul for a dark power. Ahmanet murders Menehptre, his wife, and their baby. She prepares to perform a ritual on her lover using a special dagger that would give Set a body of his own, but the Pharaoh's priests stopped Ahmanet and killed her lover. She was mummified alive and had her sarcophagus taken away from Egypt and down a tomb where she could never be found. We move to Mesopotamia (or Iraq) in the present day. Mercenary Nick Morton (Tom Cruise) and his buddy Sergeant Chris Vail (Jake Johnson) are riding toward a village being overrun by insurgents. Nick wants to go down for some adventure while Vail is strongly against it. They go down there anyway and get shot at. Vail orders an airstrike to take the insurgents out. As the bombs are dropped, a hole opens in the ground, nearly sucking Nick and Vail down there. They discover Ahmanet's tomb. The guys' superior, Colonel Greenway (Courtney B. Vance), comes to the site in a helicopter and immediately berates the two for running off and doing their own thing, chasing insurgents. Moments later, an archaeologist named Jenny Halsey (Annabelle Wallis) shows up and smacks Nick for stealing a map from her after they shared a night together. After seeing the tomb, Nick, Vail, and Jenny all descend to see what is down there. Jenny notes that there are watcher statues facing inward instead of outward, and there are chains holding the sarcophagus down while submerged in mercury to weaken evil spirits. Nick shoots a chain, causing the sarcophagus to rise from its holdings. He then sees a vision of Ahmanet calling to him, thanking him for freeing her. A bunch of camel spiders begin crawling down from the walls. Vail shoots at them but he gets bitten in the neck, though Nick claims they are not poisonous. They get back to the surface and bring the sarcophagus up. Everyone rides home in a plane. Vail starts to act weird as his skin has turned grey and his eyes look discolored. He tries to cut the sarcophagus free from its holdings. Greenway approaches him to stop him, but Vail stabs him twice, killing Greenway. Vail starts moving toward Nick and the other soldiers, forcing Nick to shoot Vail dead. Nick and Jenny go into the cockpit and see a whole flock of crows flying and crashing through the windshield. The pilots are killed, and the plane starts to go down. Nick gives Jenny a parachute and pulls it so she can get out safely. The plane then crashes with everyone onboard. Nick wakes up in a body bag at a morgue in London. Standing next to him is Vail's ghost, who tells him that they are both cursed. Jenny is asked to identify the bodies of the deceased but is surprised to see Nick alive. At the crash site, rescue workers find the sarcophagus and Ahmanet's corpse. One man approaches it and is caught off-guard as Ahmanet sucks the life out of him and his partner to regenerate her body. She then uses her powers to turn them into reanimated corpse slaves. Nick and Jenny are in a pub. He goes to the bathroom and sees Vail's ghost talking to him again. He warns Nick that Ahmanet has chosen him for a reason. Nick then runs out of the pub and is cornered in an alley by a whole swarm of rats. They crawl all over him as he sees Ahmanet crawling toward him, but he is snapped out of this vision by Jenny. She tells Nick what she learned from reading the hieroglyphs on the sarcophagus. She knows about Set's dagger and the jewel that must join it to complete the ritual. Jenny tells Nick about the jewel being buried with the crusaders there in London. Nick and Jenny go to the crusaders' tombs and they uncover the jewel from the crusader's coffin. As they try to leave, they are trapped by Ahmanet and her undead slaves. Nick and Jenny fight off the undead and escape the tomb. They ride through the woods in a van and are chased by Ahmanet and the undead. An undead slave crashes through the windshield and causes the van to overturn and roll down a hill. Ahmanet tries to get Nick, but she is shot with a hook and is taken down. A whole team of men show up to rescue Nick and Jenny. The two are taken to Prodigium, a facility located beneath the Natural History Museum of London. As Nick walks through the hall, he sees a number of artifacts, including a skull with fangs (Dracula?) and a scaly forearm (Creature from the Black Lagoon??). Nick meets Jekyll, who begins to explain what he knows about Ahmanet and the forces of evil out there. Their facility is dedicated to uncovering dark forces and containing them. Ahmanet is chained up and is subdued with mercury being pumped through her body. Nick approaches her and listens to her talking about the ritual she attempted to perform on her lover. She tries to sway Nick by saying he would have complete control over death and become a living god if he joined her. Nick returns to Jekyll's office with Jenny. Jekyll appears to be undergoing a transformation and tries to prevent it using a serum, but Nick grabs the serum, demanding answers. A Prodigium agent pulls Jenny out but leaves Nick inside. Jekyll then turns into his monstrous alter ego, Edward Hyde. He and Nick fight, with Hyde nearly winning until he gets injected with the serum. Meanwhile, Ahmanet summons a camel spider to crawl into the ear of another agent so that he may break her free from her holds. Ahmanet is loose and she takes the dagger and the jewel. Nick and Jenny flee the facility as Ahmanet begins to unleash a sandstorm upon the city. Nick and Jenny run through the tunnels where they encounter more of Ahmanet's undead slaves. The two fight them again, with Nick crushing or ripping their heads off. They are pushed into the water by an undead but they destroy it. Nick and Jenny swim up for air but Ahmanet grabs Jenny and drags her underwater. Nick fights off more of the undead and tries to save Jenny, but she drowns. Nick pulls her body out of the water and is confronted by Ahmanet. He attempts to smash the jewel until Ahmanet once again tries to persuade him to join her. Nick holds the dagger out as if to give it to her, but he instead stabs himself with it, now becoming possessed by Set. He battles Ahmanet and gives her the kiss of death to suck the life out of her, reducing her back to a corpse. Nick then goes over to Jenny and brings her back to life by screaming at her to wake up. He then disappears. Jenny reunites with Jekyll as Ahmanet's body is placed back into a sarcophagus filled with mercury. Jenny wonders what will happen to Nick now that he is technically a monster. Jekyll muses that it took a monster to defeat a monster, and that there is hope for Nick so long as he retains a shred of his humanity. Somewhere in the desert, Nick has brought Vail back to life. They ride their horses off on another adventure as a sandstorm follows them.
tt1628841
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
The story opens in outer space on the alien mothership. A creature is observing Thomas Whitmore's (Bill Pullman) rousing speech during the battle that took place 20 years earlier (from the first Independence Day film). The creature growls, but it's just a nightmare that Whitmore wakes up from in a jolt. Whitmore's daughter, Patricia (Maika Monroe), works for current president Elizabeth Lanford (Sela Ward). Patty was a pilot for the military, but she resigned to take care of her father, as he is more frail and disturbed after the invasion. She's friends with Dylan Dubrow-Hiller (Jessie T. Usher), son of Steven Hiller, who died in the years since the battle. Dylan is captain of the military pilots. After the battle, the so-called Earth Space Defense was established, with Area 51 becoming its headquarters. Patty's fiance, Jake Morrison (Liam Hemsworth), is on a base on the moon working on a machine with his best friend Charlie (Travis Toth). The machine loosens and nearly collapses onto the base, but Jake uses his pod to lift it and secure it in place. He later gets chewed out by his superior General Jiang Lao (Chin Han). General Joshua Adams (William Fichtner) is brought to the prison of some captive aliens that were kept alive since the first battle. It's mentioned that for the past 20 years they have been catatonic, but suddenly, a couple of hours ago, they all became animated and agitated. In Africa, David Levinson (Jeff Goldblum) arrives with Floyd Rosenberg (Nicolas Wright) at a base to meet warlord Dikimbe Umbutu (Deobia Oparei). David runs into an old flame, Dr. Catherine Marceaux (Charlotte Gainsbourg). They are at the site of a crashed alien ship, one that has a new shape and configuration they've never seen. Levinson and Marceaux determine that the ship was drilling into the Earth at that point, however they're unable to determine exactly why. Umbutu tells them how he and his men fought the aliens and seized their weapons. Umbutu claims to have seen visions involving the aliens. The ship they've found has also sent a distress call to its home planet. The pilots on the moon get a visit from Jiang's niece Rain (Angelababy), whom Charlie becomes smitten with. Dylan also shows up, causing friction since Jake almost accidentally killed him during training. Dylan returns the favor by punching Jake in the face. They are both harshly admonished by Jiang. The moon base notices a spherical craft approaching them. It is also seen on Earth by those in Africa and those on Lanford's staff. Considering it a threat, Lanford orders the craft to be shot down. The moon team fires its laser cannon at it, sending it hurtling backwards. All teams celebrate, thinking they have scored another victory against aliens. In Africa, Jake arrives in his shuttle to pick up David, Catherine, Umbutu, and Floyd to the crash site of the craft on the moon, where they find a large container and recover it. We cut to David's elderly father Julius (Judd Hirsch) at a retirement home where he advertises a book in which he claims he was responsible for saving the planet. In a hospital, Dr. Brakish Okun (Brent Spiner) has finally awoken from his coma after 20 years. He immediately gets out of bed and scribbles alien symbols on the walls of his room. On Earth in Washington DC, a celebration is held for shooting down the craft and for the 20th anniversary of the victory over the invaders. Several veterans from the first alien invasion attend, including an elderly and frail General Gray (Robert Loggia). Lanford credits the moon team for their effort. Thomas walks up to speak unexpectedly, but as he is introduced, he tries to warn everyone that "they're coming back". At the same time, he, Umbutu, and Brakish all experience the same sensation, just as high above Earth, an enormous ship, many times larger than the first mothership, approaches Earth. It first strikes the moon base, killing Jiang and several others, which Rain witnesses. The ship moves over the North Atlantic Ocean and levitates part of China and Dubai, causing destruction wherever it hovers. London, Shanghai and Dubai are all destroyed when skyscrapers, cars and people are levitated in the air and crash back to the ground. In the chaos, Dylan sees his mother Jasmine (Vivica A. Fox) working in a hospital as she leads a woman and her newborn baby to the roof of the hospital. The woman and her baby are rescued, but Jasmine perishes when the building collapses under her, which Dylan sadly watches. Meanwhile, Julius is riding his boat as the attack hits and a large wave strikes his boat, but he survives. Jake later finds Dylan and offers his condolences. He says he knows his pain since his parents were killed in the first alien attack when he was a child, deeply regretting the last thing he told them was that he hated them. Thomas goes to the holding cell of a captive alien. He enters to communicate with it, but it grabs him with its tentacle in front of Patty and other soldiers. The alien uses Thomas to say "she" is coming. Patty shows a picture of a sphere, which the alien reacts to with anger. The soldiers shoot at the alien, breaking its cell open in the process. Umbutu kills the alien as it crawls out of its exoskeleton bio-mechanical suit. The military picks up an infrared reading from the new mothership, where they spot the Alien Queen in a chamber at the top of the craft. They figure if they can kill the Queen, they can stop her fleet. Lanford authorizes the retaliatory strike. The newly refitted Earth air force attacks and are met with heavy resistance, both from the mothership and from a new design of alien attacker ships. The pilots fly into the ship and begin unloading on any alien that crosses their path. The new mothership uses a large beam to bore into the planet's core in the Northern Atlantic. A boat full of men searching for gold near the site are contacted and they are offered money to send back information and to help in stopping the drilling. They jokingly tell the government that they want $100 million and are given the amount without hesitation. They immediately start their monitoring. The alien warriors also attack Lanford's command bunker in the mountains of Colorado, killing her and most of her Cabinet. At Area 51, Adams is quickly sworn in as her successor. On Earth, Julius is found by four kids driving away from Florida after being separated from their parents. Julius comforts the oldest girl Sam (Joey King), as she has to take care of her siblings and she has no idea what happened to their parents. Julius takes over the car until they come across a school bus full of kids whose driver abandoned them. Julius brings the four kids onto the bus and drives with all the other kids. Meanwhile, Brakish breaks the container open and uncovers a large white sphere not unlike the one that was shot down. Unsure of how to open it, Floyd activates it by touching it, and the sphere comes to life. It speaks English and explains how the race that it belongs to was extinguished by the alien harvesters. Their planet's core was absorbed by the aliens to refuel their ships, something they have done to countless other planets. The sphere also states how it attempted to evacuate Earth, but it couldn't since the moon team shot down the ship needed for the evacuation. As the pilots head toward the Queen, they start to realize it's a trap, and that she knows they're coming. The aliens disable the pilots' jets and weapons systems with an EMP (electro-magnetic pulse)-like blast. Jake, Dylan, Charlie, and Rain all manage to escape before they are killed. The queen's chamber aboard the large ship separates and flies off, looking for the alien sphere. A plan is formed to lure the Queen out to an isolated area where they can kill it with a nuclear weapon. Patty volunteers to head the attack, but Thomas makes it out before she can, knowing it's going to kill him. The pilots all get ready to fight as David prepares himself at the site of the attack. Thomas flies into the ship as the Queen's shields go down. Once she is in the trap, Thomas detonates the bombs, destroying the ship at the cost of his life. Everyone celebrates prematurely as they think the Queen is dead. She's actually very much alive. The enraged Queen (which stands around 100 ft. high) rampages through the deserted area, attacking the pilots trying to strike her down. The drill is also closer to the core by the minute. As this happens, Julius drives the bus toward David's location. The Queen moves to attack the bus. Patty flies her jet above the Queen and fires at her shields. She manages to bring them down as the Queen's fleet starts swarming around her for protection. Jake, Dylan, Charlie, and Rain fly around in the swarm, trying to gain enough speed to break away for a new assault. They break free and shoot at the Queen from behind. She is mortally wounded and bursts out of her exoskeleton and flails around until she collapses and finally dies. The other aliens are brought down, and the drilling ceases. Earth is saved once again. The mothership ascends and leaves Earth. Jake and Patty are reunited, and they kiss. Charlie tries to get that going on with Rain, but she says "Dinner first", to his delight. Brakish then approaches the pilots and his son with the sphere, stating that it can offer them new technology and weapons should they take the fight against the aliens into space before they come back. Everyone agrees, and Brakish closes the film by saying that it's time to "kick alien ass".
tt1790809
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
In the opening scene, young Henry Turner (Lewis McGowan) leaves his home in the dark of night to take a rowboat out to the middle of the ocean. He finds himself pulled down to the bottom of the sea and inside the cursed ghost ship, the Flying Dutchman. Henry finds his father, Will (Orlando Bloom), still cursed as captain of the Dutchman. Henry wants to break his father's curse using the fabled Trident of Poseidon and he thinks he can get it with the help of Captain Jack Sparrow (Johnny Depp), but Will thinks it's a lost cause and urges his son to stop his quest. He sends Henry back up to his boat. Nine years later, Henry (now played by Brenton Thwaites) is a member aboard a British Royal Navy ship, the Monarch. He realizes that the ship is headed toward the Devil's Triangle, a dangerous place in the Atlantic Ocean where ships are not meant to sail. Henry rushes to warn the captain of their course, but is charged with insubordination and is locked up in the ship's brig. Sure enough, the warship passes through the rocky walls that lead into the Devil's Triangle. They are soon attacked by the undead pirates of the Silent Mary. The ghost pirates slay the soldiers one by one. Boarding the warship is Captain Armando Salazar (Javier Bardem). He makes his way down to the brig and sees a wanted poster for Jack Sparrow. Salazar finds Henry's cell and orders the boy to send a message to Jack that Salazar will be coming for him. On the island of St. Martin, a young woman named Carina Smyth (Kaya Scodelario) is locked up in a cell after being accused of witchcraft. In reality, she is just very knowledgeable in astronomy and horology. While speaking to a guard, she manages to pick her lock and escape. Meanwhile on the island, Jack has broken into a bank vault and is found sleeping in it. His crew hooks up the whole bank to a bunch of horses and has them pull it through the streets. They make it back to Jack's new ship, the Dying Gull, which is strapped to a small shack by the shore. When the crew brings the vault onto the ship, they find the whole thing empty, save for a single coin (which Jack nabs for himself, naturally). The crew has become frustrated with how Jack has been leading them. Even Mr. Gibbs (Kevin McNally) has lost faith in old Jack. They all turn their backs on him and leave him alone. Henry is still a prisoner of the British Royal Navy, and is now set to be executed for treason, but he is surprised to find Carina having disguised herself to find Henry personally. She wants to help Henry find the Trident of Poseidon and can do so with the help of a diary she has in her possession that has a map to the Trident, and the map only came into view during a blood moon with the help of a red jewel that she has been carrying. Jack goes to trade his magic compass (the one that points the holder to what they desire) for (what else) a bottle of rum. Once the transaction is made, it causes Salazar and his crew to be released from the Devil's Triangle, allowing them to roam the seas and seek out Jack. Carina helps Henry escape, but she and Jack end up captured. While in his cell, Jack meets Henry and learns he is the son of the late Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann. Henry turns out to be disappointed when he finds Jack, seeing him as a disgraced drunk locked up in a cell. He tells Jack how he plans to break his father's curse. Jack and Carina are brought to the gallows for their execution. On the way to the noose, Jack stops by a cell and finds his Uncle Jack (Paul McCartney), who has seen better days but is still content in his pirate life. Before Jack and Carina's sentences are carried out, Henry rounds up Jack's crew to help them free, even though it's only because Henry is paying them to save Jack. The pirates fight the guards and the executioner, with Carina nearly getting hung until Henry catches her. Everyone makes their way to the Dying Gull, and they manage to release it from its holdings. Somewhere else across the ocean, Captain Hector Barbossa (Geoffrey Rush) is enjoying his time as the captain of the Queen Anne's Revenge after taking it from Captain Blackbeard, with his new crew helping him reap in much rewards. However, Barbossa learns that Salazar is out there. He meets with a sea witch, Shansa (Golshifteh Farahani), who has come into possession of the compass, which she hands to Barbossa. Soon, Salazar and his crew find the Queen Anne's Revenge, and Salazar meets with Barbossa after learning he has the compass. He wants him to help catch Jack. Salazar explains his fight with Jack - many years earlier, Salazar was a powerful captain of the Spanish navy who went about the seas with his men slaying every pirate they came across. They came across a young Jack, still just a crew member aboard his ship. As Salazar and his crew laid waste to Jack's crew, the young lad would quickly come into possession of the compass from one of his dying comrades. With his quick thinking, Jack tricked Salazar into sailing his ship into the Devil's Triangle. Salazar's ship and his men were destroyed, but the power of the Devil's Triangle brought them back to life as ghosts. Jack then became captain of his ship. Now Salazar wants to find the Trident to kill Jack and every last pirate out there. Barbossa agrees to help find Jack. Aboard the Gull, Jack observes the growing attraction between Henry and Carina. He puts it to the test when he threatens to throw Henry overboard. The pirates do so, but they dropped him onto a rowboat and only reveal it to Carina after she has a frightened reaction. Shortly after, the British Royal Navy show up and head toward the Gull, but they are mowed down by the Silent Mary. Salazar has his sights set on Jack, leading Jack to tell Gibbs and the rest of the crew that they are dealing with the dead. The ghost pirates attack Jack and his crew. Jack, Carina, and Henry board a rowboat while the others stay and fight. Carina hops off the rowboat and swims to the nearby island. Before Henry can go ahead and do the same, Salazar has reanimated dead sharks and sends them after Jack and his crew. Jack and Henry try to evade the sharks, and they manage to hook onto one and use it to ride their boat to the shore. Salazar and his men run after them, but they are unable to touch land without burning up in the sun. Salazar vows to wait for Jack as he and Henry head into the island. During their walk on the island, Jack is found by an old pirate comrade who claims is owed a favor from Jack. He forces Jack to wed his (repulsive) widowed sister and adopt their two children. Before the union can be made official, Barbossa shows up and unintentionally saves Jack. However, he still needs something from Jack - he wants to get the Black Pearlout of the bottle Jack has been carrying all along so that it can once again be free to sail the seas. Jack breaks the Pearl out of its bottle and has Barbossa push it into the water as it grows back to its enormous size. On the way to the Trident, Barbossa has Jack tied to the mast. He goes to talk to Carina as she looks up at the stars. Barbossa suggests that Carina's father was a thief, and she slaps him in response. She tells Barbossa how she was named after a star. After seeing the design in her diary, Barbossa figures her name is Carina. He goes back to Jack, and they both realize that Carina is Barbossa's daughter. He explains to Jack that he gave up a child for adoption a long time ago and figures this must be her. Barbossa doesn't want anyone else to know and he threatens to cut out Jack's tongue if he breathes a word. Eventually, the Pearl reaches the island containing the Trident. Carina sees the points on the island matching the design of the stars' alignment. With the red jewel, she manages to uncover the Trident's location. The sea splits in two and reveals the Trident to be located at the bottom of the sea. Just as the crew approaches the Trident, Salazar and his crew find them as well. The pirates all engage in battle, with Salazar going after Jack. Salazar grabs the Trident and tries to kill Jack with it. Henry and Carina realize that destroying the Trident breaks every curse on the sea. With the Trident pinned against Jack, Henry runs up and breaks the Trident. Salazar and his men return to their normal state. Gibbs and the others drop the anchor for Jack, Henry, Carina, and Barbossa to get back up. They grab on, but Salazar, not willing to rest until Jack is dead, follows after them with some of his men. As they reach the top, the sea starts coming together. Barbossa descends the anchor and faces Carina. He reveals a tattoo on his arm of the stars, and Carina soon realizes what it means. She asks him what she is to him. Barbossa responds, "Treasure." He drops with his sword and hits Salazar, sending the captain and his men to their (now permanent) deaths, at the cost of Barbossa's own life. Once the other three make it back to the ship, the crew mourns Barbossa. Henry and Carina are standing on a hill. They give in to their attraction and they kiss. She has also decided to take on the Barbossa name. Henry looks through a telescope and sees the Flying Dutchman surface. Will walks to the shore, now a free man at last. He approaches Henry and sees his necklace, knowing it belongs to his son. Will embraces Henry, who promises to tell him the story of how he freed him. They are soon joined by Elizabeth (Keira Knightley), who runs up to Will and kisses him. Jack is once again captain of the Black Pearl, and the crew is ready to follow him once again. They set sail on their next adventure. After the credits, Will is sleeping in bed with Elizabeth. The door opens and a shadowy figure slowly walks in. We then see the claw of DAVY JONES!!! Will wakes up startled. He holds Elizabeth close, thinking it was a nightmare. He is unaware that there is a trace of Jones (wet barnacles) on the floor beneath them.
tt0478970
Action,Adventure,Comedy
In 1989, Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) resigns from SHIELD after realizing that Howard Stark (John Slattery) had been trying to replicate his shrinking technology. In the present day, Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) has just served his last day at San Quentin State Prison. Waiting to pick him up is his old cellmate, Luis (Michael Peña), who offers to let him stay at his apartment. Scott is unable to find a legitimate job with his criminal record. He had found out that the company he worked for had been overcharging their customers, so he hacked into the system and transferred millions of dollars back to the customers. Luis introduces him to Dave (T.I.), a getaway driver, and Kurt (David Dastmalchian), an identity theft specialist. Luis has a tip about a robbery they could do together. Hank gets invited to a presentation at the company he founded, Pym Tech. He runs into his daughter, Hope Van Dyne (Evangeline Lilly), and his former protege, Darren Cross (Corey Stoll), who shows him a prototype of the Yellow Jacket suit, modeled after the Ant-Man suit that Hank wore. Darren has not had success at shrinking living tissue. Scott borrows Luis' van and drops in on the birthday party of his daughter, Cassie (Abby Ryder Fortson). He runs into Cassie's soon-to-be stepfather, Officer Jim Paxton (Bobby Cannavale) , who is not happy to see him. His ex-wife, Maggie (Judy Greer) tells him that he has to find a legitimate job and pay off his delinquent child support before she'll allow visitation with Cassie. Jim and his partner, Gale (Wood Harris) insist that Scott leave the party after saying goodbye to Cassie. At Pym Tech, Hope and Darren are trying to shrink sheep to microscopic size. Their experiment fails, and a sheep is killed. Darren insists they press forward with another sheep. Scott realizes that it will be more than a year before he can see Cassie again if he takes a minimum-wage job, so he takes up Luis on his offer. Luis' cousin, Ernesto (Nicholas Barrera) had a friend, Emily (Lyndsi LaRose), who was a housekeeper and was dating Ernesto's friend, Carlos (Carlos Aviles). She told Carlos that the man whose house she was cleaning has a giant safe that's sure to be holding valuables. Scott agrees to help them with the robbery. Luis picks up supplies for the break-in, and Kurt steals a communication technician's uniform. That night, Kurt climbs up a pole outside Hank's house and blocks the electrical circuit, cutting off all phone communication. Scott climbs the fence and takes out the window sensors, then pries open a window and heads to the basement. He unlocks the basement door only to find a second door that is fingerprint-coded. Using tape, he lifts Hank's print and opens that door. When he gets to the safe, he realizes that he'll need some ingenuity to break the steel door. He drills small holes around the lock, then squirts in water and uses nitrogen to freeze it. The frozen water warps the steel and causes the bolts to shoot out. When he opens the safe, the only thing inside is a weird-looking body suit and helmet. He grabs that and heads out. Meanwhile, Hank has been watching the whole episode upstairs. Dejected at not having gotten anything valuable, the group heads back to Luis' apartment. Scott goes into the bathroom and examines the suit he stole, wondering why it was so heavily guarded. He notices tubes full of red and blue liquid. Out of curiosity, he puts it on and steps into the bathtub to get a better look at himself in the mirror. Noticing a red button on the glove, he pushes it and instantly shrinks, becoming a half-inch tall. Luis comes into the bathroom and he turns on the water in the tub, which is like a tidal wave for tiny Scott. He hears a voice coming from an earpiece in the helmet. He tries pushing a blue button to return to normal size, but it's broken. Panicked, he jumps away from the water and finds himself sailing across the room. He lands in a crack and falls through to the apartment below. In that room, there's a party going on, and Scott realizes he's on a record player, with the needle moving toward him. He jumps free and lands on the floor where people are dancing. Avoiding the giant footsteps, he gets under the door and into the hallway, where he is promptly sucked up into a vacuum cleaner. When the dust bag gets emptied, he jumps again, this time landing on a rat. He runs away, but lands on a mouse trap. When it's triggered, it sends him flying out through a window and into the rainy night. He sees raindrops as big as his head, before landing on a car. The impact jarred the blue button free, and he grows back to normal size. Scott races home and takes off the suit. Realizing that someone had been tracking him all along, he decides to return the suit to Hank's safe. He easily breaks into the house again and puts the suit back. But when he gets out, he's surrounded by cops. He is arrested and brought to prison, where Paxton is waiting for him. Gale tells Paxton that Scott's lawyer is there. Confused, Scott goes to see the lawyer that he hadn't asked for and doesn't know. The "lawyer" waiting for him is Hank. He offers Scott two choices, life in prison or follow his instructions. Scott is thoroughly bewildered, so Hank tells him that he allowed him to steal the suit. Scott is taken back to his cell, and an army of ants brings him back the suit. He puts it on and shrinks, and then quickly escapes from the prison. One of Hank's ants spreads its wings, and Scott climbs on and flies over the city. Hank tells Scott that he invented the suit, but was afraid it would be misused, and so he had locked it away. Darren had found out about the shrinking technology, but when Hank wouldn't give it to him, Darren forced Hank out of Pym Tech. When Hope realized how dangerous Darren was, she teamed up with Hank to stop him. Hank tells Scott that he needs him to become "Ant-Man" to stop people like Darren. Scott realizes he has a chance to become a true hero, the kind of father his daughter deserves. Scott gets trained in martial arts and how to lead the ant colonies. He practices his timing with shrinking and growing back. Hank tells him that one piece of technology he'll need to steal the suit from Darren is in an abandoned SHIELD building. When Scott flies to the building, he sees that it's the current Avengers' headquarters. Pressing forward, Scott lands on the roof, triggering a sensor. Sam Wilson (Anthony Mackie) arrives to investigate, and he can see Scott even at small size. A battle ensues, with Scott going inside Falcon's jetpack and causing it to short out. Scott escapes with the equipment he needs. When Scott returns, Hank explains the truth about how Hope's mother died. There was an ICBM that had been launched at the U.S., and Hank was trying to stop it, but even at ant-size, he couldn't get inside. She had a similar suit, called the Wasp. She decided to shrink to sub-atomic size and was able to stop the missile, but she couldn't return from that size and was lost in the quantum realm. Darren Cross finally has success at shrinking a lamb. He envisions himself taking over Pym Tech. He invites Hank to the grand unveiling, then calls Hope and tells her that he has increased security, including covering all the vents with microscopic mesh. They realize the job will be harder than they thought, and they'll need more people. Luis, Kurt and Dave are brought in. Luis poses as a security guard and lowers the water pressure so Scott can get in through the pipes. Scott plants explosives throughout the building, but when he tries to steal the suit, he gets caught in a glass cage by Darren, who had anticipated the burglary. Darren plans to sell the technology to HYDRA. Scott breaks free and takes out the Hydra agents. Darren gets into a chopper on the roof and escapes just before the building blows up. Hank and Hope break out by turning a tiny tank to full-size, and ride it out the side of the building. Darren puts on the Yellow Jacket suit, and he and Scott fight inside the helicopter. After they both fall out, Scott is able to trap Darren inside a bug zapper, but Jim Paxton shows up to arrest him before he can destroy the suit. Darren goes to Jim and Cassie's house and threatens their lives, hoping to draw Scott in. Scott arrives and they fight. The only way Scott can get inside Darren's suit is to shrink to sub-atomic size, and he causes Darren to shrink into nothing. Lang is trapped in the quantum realm, but hearing Cassie's voice, he manages to rewire the suit, reversing the process and returning him to normal size. Following the battle, a grateful Paxton covers for Scott so he would not have to go back to prison. Hank wonders if Hope's mother is also still alive somewhere. Luis tells Scott that the Falcon is looking for him. Hank shows Hope a new version of the Wasp suit, and tells her that it was made for her. Captain America (Chris Evans) and Falcon have trapped the Winter Soldier (Sebastian Stan), and are trying to figure out what to do next. They decide not to tell Iron Man, and Falcon says he knows who to contact.
tt0803096
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
For ages in the region of Middle Earth, humans and orcs have been at war. Durotan (Toby Kebbell) is the chieftain of his Frostwolf orc clan, and he wants to escape the life of war as he and his wife Draka (Anna Galvin) are expecting their first child. The orc clans come together as The Horde. Their land, Draenor, is on the brink of doom, so the sinister orc warlock Gul'dan (Daniel Wu) plans to guide The Horde into the land of Azeroth. Gul'dan uses a dark form of magic called fel, which is created from death. He has captured dozens of Draenei prisoners in cages and brings them to The Gate. The half-human/half-orc Garona (Paula Patton) is chained up and walks past some prisoners who beg her to free them, although it is beyond her control. After draining the Draenei of their life force, Gul'dan opens the portal to Azeroth. The orcs storm through, but Draka conceals her pregnant belly. Once they arrive, Draka experiences pain. The other orcs discover he is with child and scold Durotan for allowing her to come through in her state. She starts to give birth. Gul'dan lends his hand, and Draka gives birth to a stillborn orc boy. Gul'dan takes the life force of a nearby deer to give the boy life. He presents Durotan's son to The Horde as a new warrior. In Ironforge, Commander Anduin Lothar (Travis Fimmel) is meeting with King Magni Bronzebeard (Michael Adamthwaite), who presents Lothar with a boomstick. Lothar is then summoned to the kingdom of Stormwind after a garrison has been attacked. Lothar goes to Stormwind and meets a mage named Khadgar (Ben Schnetzer), who was caught inspecting the bodies. They find one man's body, which spews green smoke from the mouth, meaning he was killed with fel magic. Lothar and Khadgar meet with King Llane Wrynn (Dominic Cooper). They are sent to meet with the Guardian Medivh (Ben Foster) in Karazhan. Lothar and Khadgar find Medivh sculpting a giant Golem out of clay. As Lothar explains the situation to Medivh, Khadgar walks through Medivh's library and sees a dark shadowy figure lurking. The power of the figure draws Khadgar toward a certain book. As he goes to pick it up, Medivh shows up and pins Khadgar against the wall with his magic before dropping him. Medivh joins Lothar and Khadgar as they go with a scouting team into the forest to investigate the fel magic. They are attacked by a group of orcs, who proceed to pound the humans, though Lothar is able to slay a good few. Medivh casts a spell that kills the green-skinned orcs, but does nothing to Durotan, his friend Orgrim Doomhammer (Rob Kazinsky), or the war-mongering Blackhand (Clancy Brown). Blackhand goes to attack Lothar, but Lothar shoots off Blackhand's...hand with his boomstick. The surviving orcs escape. Durotan rides a horse passing Garona, still in chains. He swings an axe to break her chain and free her. However, Khadgar holds her down with his magic, and she is captured by the humans. Garona is brought to Llane's castle. She explains that her homeworld doesn't exist on the map of Azeroth, and that the orc army is coming to this world. She is then kept in a cell, but is given food and comfort by Llane's wife/Lothar's sister Queen Taria (Ruth Negga). Garona considers killing Taria to bring honor among the orcs, but Taria says there would be no honor among her people. Blackhand stands before Gul'dan, who criticizes him running from the humans and allowing his men to die, saying he is weak. Gul'dan attempts to sentence Blackhand to death, but Durotan intervenes, explaining to Gul'dan that Medivh was controlling the fel against them, despite Gul'dan claiming only he can control the fel. Durotan and Orgrim sit together and observe the orc camps. Durotan feels that Gul'dan's magic is what brought forth the decay of Dreanor, and if he continues, Azeroth will suffer the same fate. Durotan wants Gul'dan to be stopped, but Orgrim feels they must maintain a loyalty to their people. Llane frees Garona on the condition that she be loyal to Stormwind. She guides Llane, Lothar, and others under Llane's command, including Lothar's son Callan (Burkely Duffield), to a meeting between them and the Frostwolf clan. Taria gives Garona a small dagger to defend herself. The orcs and humans meet to negotiate a truce in order to kill Gul'dan. Durotan comes forward to speak, with Garona translating for Llane and Lothar. They are then ambushed by green orcs that are loyal to Gul'dan, along with Blackhand and his cronies. The evil orcs battle the humans, along with Durotan and his clan. Medivh creates a barrier between the humans and orcs, but Callan is left outside. Lothar is unable to escape the barrier or pull Callan in. Blackhand, with a new claw hand, impales Callan and tosses his body toward his father. Medivh becomes weakened. He is brought back to his home and placed into his mana pool. Khadgar sees Medivh's eyes glow green, indicating he's been infected with the fel magic. Khadgar also learns from the book he took from Medivh's library that Gul'dan may have had help from someone in Azeroth with opening the portal. Khadgar leaves to seek help, while Medivh teleports Garona back to Stormwind. Garona finds Lothar in a room, drunken and mourning Callan's death. She goes to his side to comfort him. Lothar says he no longer trusts Medivh. Orgrim speaks to Gul'dan, who knows that Durotan has decided to side against The Horde, leading to his imprisonment while Blackhand takes out the Frostwolf clan. Gul'dan offers Orgrim a chance to take in the fel magic to become a stronger orc. Khadgar rides a Gryphon above the clouds to the city of Dalaran. He meets with the other elder mages, all of whom are displeased with Khadgar for leaving them ages ago. He explains to the mages that the fel magic is spreading through Azeroth, and that Medivh is corrupted. Khadgar is brought to meet Alodi (Glenn Close), an older guardian and the shadowy figure from Medivh's library. She intentionally sought out Khadgar to summon him. Alodi says that Medivh has been fighting a demonic entity for a while, and he has since given into it, allowing himself to be corrupted by the fel. Medivh is helped into his pool by Moroes (Callum Keith Rennie). The pool glows green with the power of the fel. Medivh absorbs Moroes' life force and he starts mutating into an orc-like creature. Llane holds a meeting to unite others as part of The Alliance to fight against The Horde. Lothar isn't fond of the plan and instead thinks they should destroy the portal to prevent more orcs from invading Azeroth. Medivh (in his human form) teleports to the meeting, getting under Lothar's skin when he mentions Callan. Llane has Lothar put in a cell for him to calm down. Orgrim realizes his error and secretly frees Draka and their child, whom Durotan had named Go'el. Orgrim then goes to free Durotan. While he is angry at his friend, Durotan forgives him after learning that he let Draka and Go'el escape. Llane and his men head out into battle. Khadgar returns and frees Lothar from his cell after turning a guard into a sheep. Khadgar then starts to use his magic to figure out a way to fight Medivh. Draka takes Go'el to a river where she places him in a basket to send him to safety. Another orc shows up as Go'el floats away safely. Draka rips out the orc's throat with her teeth, but she is fatally impaled. Durotan challenges Gul'dan to a combat in front of the rest of The Horde. The two of them battle, with Durotan appearing to overpower Gul'dan, until the warlock uses his magic to drain Durotan of his life force, to the outrage of the other orcs. Gul'dan eventually kills Durotan, causing the other orcs to turn away from him. Gul'dan kills the green orcs that walk away, forcing the others to stay by his side. He then awaits for Medivh to start opening the portal while Gul'dan uses the life force of other prisoners to keep it going. Llane and his army (now joined by Garona) begin to fight the orcs as they start invading. Meanwhile, Lothar and Khadgar try to fight Medivh, but he brings his clay Golem to life, leading it to attack the two. Lothar manages to decapitate the Golem, but its body is still conscious. Khadgar casts a spell to bring the Golem down on top of Medivh as it turns to stone. Khadgar exorcises the demon from Medivh, bringing him back to normal, but he lays dying beneath the Golem. With his last breaths, Medivh switches the portal from Azeroth to Stormwind, letting some of the prisoners free. Lothar rides his Gryphon toward the battle. Realizing they will most likely not win, Llane tells Garona to kill him so that there may be a chance for peace between the orcs and humans. It would also allow her to bring honor to herself among The Horde. With total reluctance, Garona plunges her dagger into Llane's neck before Blackhand can strike. The orcs cheer on Garona and carry her toward Gul'dan, who welcomes her into The Horde. Lothar shows up to try and sees Llane dead with Garona's dagger still in his neck. He tries to take Llane's body, but the orcs pull the Gryphon down as he tries to leave. Lothar is then forced into combat against Blackhand, now more powerful with fel magic. With two swift moves, Lothar impales Blackhand in retribution for Callan's death. Lothar earns the respect of the orcs, but Gul'dan wants them to kill him. He attempts to do it himself, but Garona urges him to stand down or else he will be forced to fight the other orcs. Lothar is then left to take Llane's body away. Lothar is left by himself in his room until Khadgar comes in. He finds Garona's dagger that Lothar took out of Llane's neck, leaving Lothar to believe that Garona intentionally deceived Llane. A funeral is held for Llane before the whole kingdom. Taria eulogizes her husband and has Lothar stand in front of everyone, as he is now set to lead The Alliance. Everyone rallies behind him. The last scene shows Go'el still floating down the river. Durotan's voice is heard, saying that his son will become the new leader of the orcs that may bring peace among them. A man picks up Go'el's basket, and the baby growls at him.
tt1757678
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
So knowing James has two of the highest grossing movies in the world I'm beggening to sense their has to be some pressure to make this coming saga a hit. In my opinion like other fairly successful sagas such as Underworld, I'm thinking they should follow in that direction as for the format and outline of the series of 4 movies. I think Avatar 2, should be a direct follow up sequel . As for the plot of part 3, I believe in order keep the viewers attention should go back and make 3 a prequel to the original. That will build suspense from the ending of part 2, and also shed light on Sullys brother as a scientist on earth as to why he wanted to go to Pandora so bad. It will also give another chance to see some of the main actors faces in the flesh and the suspense of how and why they really killed his twin... Possibly a conspiracy rather the paper in his wallet. This type prequel plot for avatar 3 could build up anticipation for viewers to see the very ending in part 4 taking place on Pandora. It's just a valid suggestion having found out that they were making three more avatar movies. That's a tough one knowing how great the first did, quite a bit to measure up to. God Bless and good-luck!
tt1392190
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
Max Rockatansky (Tom Hardy) explains in a voice-over that he was once a cop and road warrior and is now trekking through post-apocalyptic Australia, running from haunting thoughts of his dead wife and child and other people he's failed to save. As he stands on a ridge looking around, a two-headed lizard crawls near Max and he stomps on it before eating it. He drives off and is quickly pursued by a group of scavengers called the War Boys, all pale and covered in blisters due to radiation sickness. They chase Max through the desert and force him to crash before they capture him. The War Boys take Max to their lair in the Citadel, a system of caves in a very tall mesa. They shave his head and face. They tattoo his back with a notice saying he is a universal blood donor (type O negative), intending to use him as a blood supply. They cover the lower part of his face with a trident-shaped iron muzzle and nearly brand him with an image of a skull engulfed in fire but he breaks free and runs from the War Boys. The chase through the caves shows that the Citadel is extensive and has an ample water supply as well as greenhouses. As he runs, Max continues to see images of the dead before he makes it to an exit high above the ground. He jumps out and latches onto a swinging hook, but he keeps swinging back toward the War Boys and they manage to pull him back into the tunnel. In the Citadel, there is a large community of survivors lorded over by the leader of the War Boys, Immortan Joe (Hugh Keays-Byrne, who also played the villain Toecutter in the original Mad Max (1979) film). Joe wears a grotesque face mask made of horse teeth set in a large pair of jaws, with air hoses attached to a bellows system on his back to help him breathe (presumably, his lungs are damaged). As he addresses a crowd on the ground below the Citadel, he supplies the people with some water, making everyone go crazy and fight for it once Joe shuts it off after a few seconds. He warns the people not to become addicted to water so that they do not go mad over its absence. Joe then sends his commander Imperator Furiosa (Charlize Theron) out in a huge war rig to collect fuel from Gas Town, with an escort of War Boys in smaller vehicles. Furiosa has a metal prosthesis in place of her lower left arm and hand. On the road, Furiosa diverts from the path to Gas Town (glimpsed as a distant group of oil refineries) and heads east. Joe is alerted to the change and runs to the locked chambers where he keeps his five wives (young women chosen to breed his children). They're all gone, and writing on the walls says "Our children will not be warlords" and "Who killed the world?" An old woman tells Joe that he cannot own a human. Furiosa is taking the women away from Joe, prompting him to rally the War Boys and go after her. All the War Boys are eager to join the chase, but one called Nux (Nicholas Hoult) is so weak that he needs a "blood bank" -- which means Max goes along for the ride, chained to Nux and connected to the driver via a central line transfusion tube. The War Boys believe that Immortan Joe can deliver them to the gates of Valhalla, so Nux is willing to risk death in service to his leader. The War Boys ride after Furiosa's war rig, which is attacked by another scavenging tribe, the Buzzards. Nux straps Max to the hood of his car like the figurehead on a ship and eagerly chases Furiosa alongside the others. They attempt to get close to the rig, but Furiosa shakes most of them off, the War Boys aiding in the battle with explosive-tipped spears. Nux gets close to the rig as Max attempts to break free. Furiosa drives toward a enormous oncoming sand storm. Nux continues to chase her, even as they head into treacherous sand tornadoes. A few War Boys are killed in the storm, while Nux plots a kamikaze run by spilling his fuel inside his car. He plans to set it ablaze with a flare when Max is able to overpower and stop him. The two crash in the storm. Max awakens to find himself still chained to an unconscious Nux and still wearing his muzzle. He grabs a shotgun and tries to shoot off Nux's wrist, but the gun misfires. He spots Furiosa's rig and walks there, finding five beautiful women -- the Splendid Angharad (Rosie Huntington-Whiteley), Toast the Knowing (Zoë Kravitz), Capable (Riley Keough), Cheedo the Fragile (Courtney Eaton), and the Dag () -- cleaning themselves with a hose and removing their chastity belts with bolt cutters. Splendid is nine months pregnant with Joe's child, and Dag is also carrying his baby. Max points the shotgun at the women and demands the hose. He drinks, then tells them to use the cutters to cut off his chain. Dag tries to but cannot break it. Furiosa sees in the distance that Joe has gathered reinforcements from the other towns that supply gas and ammunition to the Citadel. The approaching forces are led by the People Eater (John Howard) and the Bullet Farmer (Richard Carter). Max and Furiosa fight as he tries to cut the chain that ties him to Nux. Nux wakes up and helps Max fight Furiosa, who is assisted by the other women. Nux cuts the chain and Max tries to take the rig for himself. However, it stalls because Furiosa installed a kill switch and only she knows how to keep it going. Max lets her back on the rig but he doesn't want to take the rest of the women. Furiosa insists that they come along, as she is guiding them to a location she calls the Green Place. When Furiosa explains that Joe's "gratitude" toward Max will probably be a slow, painful death, Max gives in and as they ride off in the war rig, Nux sneaks on board. During this leg of the chase, Max is able to remove his face mask with a file given to him by Furiosa. Furiosa drives the rig into a canyon where she has an arrangement with a group of biker bandits: they'll close the pass behind her with a rock slide to foil her pursuers in exchange for 3000 gallons of fuel, which she's towing in a trailer pod. She teaches Max the sequence of switches to throw to defeat the kill switch, then asks his name. He doesn't want to tell her, so she says "When I yell 'Fool', drive out of here fast." They spot Joe and his forces closing in. Furiosa gets out and shouts to the bikers that she's brought the 3000 gallons of fuel, as agreed, and she'll detach the pod. One of the bikers complains that she said there would be a few pursuers, but there are three large parties. Furiosa, dodging to put the rig between herself and the bikers, yells "Fool!" and manages, between bullets, to climb back on as Max drives the rig away. Though she never did detach the fuel trailer, the the bikers blow up the overpass, temporarily halting Joe's pursuit. As they race away, Furiosa and Max fight off the biker bandits. Immortan Joe, in his large-wheeled, off-road vehicle, is able to climb over the rockfall. Another chase ensues through the desert. The War Boys keep trying to overtake the rig while Joe catches up. He attempts to shoot at the rig until Splendid steps out as a human shield, and Joe cannot do a thing without hurting his potential son. Nux attempts to help Joe, who sprays chrome paint on Nux's mouth with the promise of bringing him to the gates of Valhalla if Nux succeeds. Almost immediately, Nux loses his gun in front of Joe, who continues driving with disappointment. Splendid tries climbing back to the front of the rig, but she falls off and is run over by Joe's car. The women tell Max to turn back, but when he tells Furiosa that Splendid went under the wheels, Furiosa says they must keep going. The others cry for Splendid. Behind them, Joe screams in rage while holding Splendid's body. Nux slips back into the rig with the promise of helping the women evade Joe. He lies on the floor, distraught that he has failed Joe yet again and has lost his chance of joining his personal army. Capable consoles him. At the front, Furiosa tells Max of the Green Place and how she was taken from it as a child. As they continue driving through the night, the rig becomes stuck in a large field of mud. The Bullet Farmer is not far behind them. Max shoots at him but misses, and then Furiosa gets a clean shot, taking out the Bullet Farmer's lights and blinding him. Nux suggests they attach the truck's winch cable to a nearby tree and pull the rig forward. Meanwhile, Joe's lieutenant the Organic Mechanic (Angus Sampson) takes Splendid's body, as she is near death, and he cuts the baby out of her abdomen. The baby is dead too, but he tells Joe that it was a boy. Joe tells his adult son Rictus (Nathan Jones) that he had a brother. Rictus screams proudly. The women continue trying to push the rig out of the mud while Max goes out to face the Bullet Farmer himself. A few bright flashes of explosions are seen in the distant fog and he returns shortly with the Bullet Farmer's blood on his face, along with a nice supply of guns and ammo. In the morning, the rig comes up to a tower where a naked woman, the Valkyrie (Megan Gale), is screaming for help. Max thinks it's a trap, but Furiosa steps out and tells the Valkyrie her mother's name and her affiliation with this clan. The Valkyrie climbs down the tower and puts on a robe. More older women, the Vuvalini, emerge. The eldest, Keeper of the Seeds (Melissa Jaffer), recognizes Furiosa. Furiosa tells them that she is taking the women from the Citadel to the Green Place, but Keeper of the Seeds informs her that the muddy swamp they passed through was the Green Place, and has long since become uninhabitable. Furiosa walks into the sand and falls on her knees, screaming in despair. The Vuvalini agree to help the women from the Citadel ride across the salt flats (the dried up ocean) in search of a home. Max, still haunted by the images of his wife and child, decides to help the women go back to the Citadel since Joe's greenery and water supply are currently unguarded. They also plan to trap Joe and his army in the canyons. The group rides back in the direction of the Citadel. Joe sees them with his telescope, knowing full-well what their plan is. He gathers his army and gives chase. The Vuvalini help fight back. The Valkyrie shoots at the War Boys while defending one of her own until she is run over. Max and Furiosa kill some of the War Boys, while Max gets Joe to kill the People Eater by using him as a human shield. Keeper of the Seeds is also killed when one of the War Boys cuts her neck. Toast is captured by Joe and held hostage. Furiosa is stabbed on Joe's vehicle and grows weaker as Joe and Rictus gain momentum. Toast distracts Joe long enough to give Furiosa an opportunity to hook Joe's mask onto the wheels of his car. She growls, "Remember me?" to him as the wheels rip the mask and part of Joe's face off, killing him. The rig then heads toward the canyon, with Rictus still trying to stop them. The women get off safely while Nux says goodbye to Capable and swerves against the canyon, sacrificing himself to kill Rictus and collapse the overpass to put an end to Joe's army. On the way back to the Citadel, Furiosa's lungs nearly collapse. Max punches a small hole in her side to give her air. She starts to lose consciousness, and Max gives her a transfusion of his own blood. He finally tells her his name as she closes her eyes. The group arrives at the Citadel. Max presents the people with Joe's mouthless corpse, making everyone cheer. They rip Joe's corpse apart and feed off him. The water supply is brought out, giving the people as much water as they need. Furiosa rises and apparently becomes the new leader. She and Max acknowledge each other with respect once more before he slips away into the crowd to continue down his own path.
tt1431045
Action,Adventure,Comedy
The opening scene shows Wade Wilson, the superhero Deadpool (Ryan Reynolds) in a cab, bored in the backseat. He slides up front to chat with the cabbie, Dopinder (Karan Soni). Deadpool asks Dopinder about a picture of a girl he has in his car, and Dopinder says she was his girlfriend until he lost her to his cousin. Dopinder then takes Deadpool to the middle of a bridge, and Deadpool stiffs the man for cab fare. Deadpool waits on top of a bridge for his targets, but first addresses the audience and jokes about fondling Wolverine's balls to get his own movie. He then spots a group of vans arriving, and he jumps into one of the men before beating up of all the thugs in the van, causing an accident that kills other villains. Deadpool's main target is Ajax (Ed Skrein), the man that gave him his powers and also horribly disfigured him. The vans all come crashing to the end of the bridge, where one thug's head is sliced off with a motorcycle chain, and another one is gorily splattered against a sign on the highway. At Xavier's School For Gifted Youngsters, Colossus (Stefan Kapicic) sees the chaos unfolding on the news and calls Negasonic Teenage Warhead (Brianna Hildebrand) to join him in getting Deadpool. Deadpool is upset because he forgot his bag of weapons and only has 12 rounds in his gun. He counts off how many rounds with each thug he kills, accidentally missing a few shots, but he manages to kill three men with one bullet. One last thug comes at Deadpool with two knives, but Deadpool quickly skewers him. Deadpool then points out that this is a different kind of superhero movie, and that we need to go back for him to tell it properly. Flashback to one year earlier.... Wade Wilson was a mercenary-for-hire living in New York City. He takes a job getting a pizza delivery boy to stop stalking a girl by threatening him. Once his job is done, the girl thanks him and calls him her hero, to which Wade quickly points out that that is something he is not. Wade goes to the bar where his friend Weasel (TJ Miller) works. Wade orders a drink called a Blowjob and has the bartender bring it to a big thug and to say it came from another man. The insulting drink prompts a bar fight where people bet on others to die, which is called the "dead pool". At this bar, Wade meets a prostitute named Vanessa (Morena Baccarin). They bond over their weird, messed up lives before starting a sexual relationship, which eventually evolves into a romantic one. Wade is genuinely happy until he is diagnosed with advanced-stage cancer in his liver, lungs, prostate and brain. He fears more for what will happen to Vanessa than to him. At the bar, Weasel tells him that a man sitting in the corner is looking for him. He is The Recruiter (Jed Rees), and he tells Wade that he works for a facility that will not only cure him of his cancer, but also give him incredible powers. Wade is hesitant, but he takes the card that The Recruiter gives him. Back in the present, Deadpool finds Ajax headed to him on a motorcycle and he throws his katana at the bike, causing Ajax to crash. Deadpool impales Ajax with the other blade, but since Ajax is a mutant, the blade doesn't kill him. Deadpool lifts up his mask for to show his scars so that Ajax can recognize him as Wade Wilson. Colossus and Negasonic arrive on the scene. Colossus is displeased with Deadpool causing so much mayhem and tries to get him to join the X-Men. Deadpool again refuses. With his back turned, Ajax escapes. Enraged, Deadpool tries to hit Colossus, but he ends up breaking both wrists and an ankle. Colossus cuffs Deadpool to his wrist, but Deadpool chooses to cut his hand off and hop into a garbage van, leaving his hand behind, giving Colossus the finger. In another flashback, Wade made the choice to be cured for Vanessa, leaving her alone in the middle of the night and never returning. He goes to the facility where he meets Ajax for the first time, along with his cohort Angel Dust (Gina Carano). Ajax says that in order for Wade's cells to heal, they have to subject him to extreme stress for the mutant cells to activate. Wade undergoes torture techniques until Ajax tells him that they are making him into a super slave to be auctioned off somewhere. Wade makes fun of Ajax after learning his real name is Francis. Ajax straps Wade to a barometric chamber unit where his oxygen is is gradually cut off. When Wade begins to lose consciousness, the oxygen is automatically restored. His skin and face start to blotch up, making him disfigured. Ajax opens the chamber and tells Wade his cancer is gone because his mutation has activated itself; his body is fighting his cancer as quickly as it can metastasize which will keep him alive indefinitely. Wade headbutts Angel and takes a match that she kept in her mouth. Ajax tells Wade that he takes a sadistic pleasure in watching his clients being tortured and locks Wade in the chamber to be tortured further. Wade lights the match and throws it near the oxygen vent, causing an explosion in the laboratory. Ajax goes down to see what happened, and Wade starts to fight him. He has gotten increased strength, but Ajax gets the upper hand and impales Wade with a bar, pinning him to the floor. Ajax leaves as the facility crumbles around Wade. Wade wakes up alive, but horrified by his complexion. He walks through the streets with a hood over his head, but the people that see him are creeped out by his appearance. He worries about what Vanessa will think if she sees him, so he stays away from her completely. Wade visits Weasel, who is also disgusted by his appearance and makes a few quips at his expense. Weasel encourages Wade to make a suit and mask to disguise himself as he goes back to hunt for Ajax so that he can fix his face. Wade decides to call himself "Deadpool" and begins his crusade to find Ajax by plowing through his goons until he can find him. He finds The Recruiter, who says what he knows about Ajax's whereabouts before Deadpool kills him. In this time, Wade has decided to stay with a blind woman named Al (Leslie Uggams). Back in the present day, Deadpool rides the garbage truck back to his and Al's place, and his hand starts to slowly grow back. Ajax and Angel go to Weasel's bar to locate Deadpool. Angel grabs Weasel by the throat, but the other bar patrons turn their guns on her and Ajax. They find a picture of Wade and Vanessa together before leaving. After being told to just face Vanessa himself, Wade goes to the strip club where she works (where we see Stan Lee as a DJ), but is still scared to face her. Vanessa's co-worker tells her that an ex-boyfriend is out back looking for her. She goes outside and thinks it's Wade, but it's Ajax. He and Angel take her. Wade goes out back to look for her but only finds her handbag, letting him know that she's been taken. Infuriated, Wade grabs all the guns he owns and goes to the X-Mansion to get Colossus and Negasonic to help him get back Vanessa and stop Ajax. He then quips that the mansion is so big, yet it looks like the studio couldn't afford more than two X-Men. The mutants take a cab driven by Dopinder to Ajax's location. They hit a bump and Deadpool hears a scream from the trunk. Dopinder admits he kidnapped his cousin. Deadpool pretends to be horrified but quietly congratulates Dopinder. The three then track Ajax down to a scrapyard. Deadpool charges toward the goons while Colossus and Negasonic fight Angel. She slams Colossus away, but Negasonic charges at Angel with great power. Deadpool rips through the goons and uses their corpses to spell out Francis's name to mock him. He runs up to the aircraft carrier where Ajax is keeping Vanessa. He puts her in the same barometric chamber where he put Wade, intending to suffocate her. Deadpool duels with Ajax with their blades. Meanwhile, Angel almost strangles Colossus with a bar, but Negasonic creates a powerful blast that throws Angel off and weakens one of the carrier's support columns. It starts to collapse, sending numerous freight containers down. Colossus carries Negasonic and Angel to safety while Deadpool makes sure Vanessa lands safely. The carrier then completely crashes down. Ajax attacks Deadpool once again until the latter has him pinned down. Deadpool holds his gun at Ajax's head and demands that he fix his face, but Ajax laughs and says there was never a cure for that. Deadpool is ready to kill Ajax until Colossus steps in and starts to make a big speech on making the hero's decision to spare his enemy's life. Deadpool gets tired of the speech and he just shoots Ajax in the head, making Colossus puke. Afterwards, Deadpool finally confronts Vanessa and apologizes for abandoning her. She removes his mask to see his face, but he is wearing a cut-out of Hugh Jackman's face. She sees his real face and says she will eventually get used to it. They kiss, and Deadpool signs off as the movie ends. After the end credits, Deadpool appears in his bathrobe telling the audience to leave for the movie is over (a homage to the final shot of 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off'). However, he comes back and says that the studio is trying to get Cable to be in a sequel. Deadpool walks away, but then pops his head out to go "Chicka-chicka!"
tt1979388
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
65 million years ago, an asteroid made its way out of the belt and sped toward Earth. It turned red as it entered the atmosphere, and then it sped past, missing the planet entirely. Millions of years later, two Apaterosauruses named Henry (Jeffrey Wright) and Ida (Frances McDormand) are busy cultivating a field next to a river at the base of Clawtooth Mountain. Henry sprays the crops with water from his mouth, when Ida calls out, "It's time!" She has a large egg and two small ones in her nest, and the small ones hatch first, giving them a boy and a girl, Buck (Marcus Scribner) and Libby. The large egg still doesn't hatch, so Buck hits it with a stick. The top pops off, and they look inside and see a tiny dinosaur clinging to the egg. Slowly, Arlo (Raymond Ochoa) climbs out and tries to walk, awkwardly falling over at first. Henry shows them all the farm and the mountain, saying they will all take care of it together. At the age of five, Buck and Libby are helping out with the chores, but Arlo's fear made him hate his chore of feeding the chickens. Ida puts a bucket of corn around his neck and coaxes him into the coop. He sees a chick trapped in some weeds and frees him, only to have the mother chicken come up behind him and squawk loudly. Scared, Arlo runs into the silo, where Henry is storing corn. He seals the door with a boulder, keeping the food safe from scavengers. Ida tells him he should make his mark, and he presses his foot down in the mud and stamps it on a rock, then places it on top of the silo. He tells Ida to make her mark, since she made the cabin, the fence and three children. Henry tells the kids they have to earn the right to make their mark, by doing something big, for something bigger than themselves. When they are ten, Buck and Libby have earned their marks by clearing trees and plowing a field. But Arlo still hasn't done anything to earn his mark. Arlo is determined to complete his chore, but Buck plays a prank on him, scaring him off before he can finish. Henry decides to take Arlo out into the field at night, telling him to walk to the middle. A bug lands on his nose, and he screams for his dad. Henry walks up and blows on the bug, revealing it to be a firefly. "Sometimes, you gotta get through your fear to see the beauty on the other side," he tells Arlo. Then he waves his tail through the grass, causing more fireflies to pop out. Excited, Arlo does the same thing. Then Henry tells him that he has a special chore for Arlo, so he can make his mark. The next day, Henry takes Arlo to the silo and tells him that there's a critter climbing over the fence and stealing the corn. He tells Arlo that his chore is to catch it, then shows him how to build a trap with a rope and net, and an ear of corn on the ground for bait. Using a pumpkin for demonstration, he tells Arlo that when he smashes the critter with a mallet, then he'll be able to make his mark. Later, Arlo hears the sound of the trap. With the mallet in hand, he approaches and sees a human child (Jack Bright) trapped and choking with the net wrapped around his neck. Arlo sighs and lets the boy go, but the boy approaches him, sniffing around. Arlo backs away, tripping over a rock and letting out a scream. Startled, the boy runs off as Henry runs over. Henry sees the boy escaping and yells at Arlo for letting him go. Henry tells Arlo to come with him as he follows the boy's tracks. Just then, it started to rain. Arlo worries that they'll get lost, but Henry tells him that as long as he can find the river, he can find home. Henry tells Arlo that the boy's tracks are getting washed out in the rain, so they have to move quickly. Lightning and thunder are crackling all around them, and Arlo slips and falls in the mud. Henry tells him that they should head home. Just then, a landslide causes the river to overflow. Henry uses his strength to push Arlo to safety, before being swept away. With Henry gone, Ida and the kids struggle to keep up with the chores. Arlo takes corn into the silo for the winter, but he finds the boy eating it. Arlo chases after him, grabbing an ear of corn from his mouth. As they struggle, Arlo falls into the river and cries for help, but nobody hears him. Careening down the river, Arlo smacks his head against a large rock and is knocked unconscious. He wakes up lying on a sandbar, and sees that he's miles from home. The only sound he can hear is a howl coming from the boy, and he sees him at the top of a cliff. The boy watches as Arlo awkwardly climbs up the cliff, then he jumps on Arlo's face. Arlo shakes him off, and then climbs up to the cliff edge, when he sees that the boy has disappeared. Arlo climbs up to the top of a ridge, trying to find home. He sees the river, and remembers Henry's words. After walking up the river for a while, he sees a berry tree, and balances on a rock to get the berries. He loses his balance and falls, landing with a pile of rocks trapping his leg. Stuck, he closes his eyes and falls asleep. The next morning, the sound of geysers wakes him up, and he sees that the rocks have been moved, freeing his leg. He sees human tracks, and wonders if it was the boy who helped him. As he resumes walking up the river, heavy rain comes down. Arlo sees all the other animals take shelter, but he has none. He hears a rattle in the bushes, and the boy comes out and offers him a lizard, and then a bug. Arlo has no interest in eating either one. Then the boy brings back some berries, and Arlo happily eats them. He asks the boy if he knows where to find more, not sure if the boy understands. The boy runs off, and Arlo follows him to a cliff ledge. Arlo falls over, with his mouth gripping one edge and his legs on the other. The boy uses Arlo for a bridge, and then shows him a berry bush. Arlo flings himself to the other side, then runs toward the bush. Just then, a snake falls out and attacks Arlo. The boy grabs the snake's tail and starts to gnaw on its skin. The snake slithers away, and Arlo realizes the boy had saved him. Together, Arlo and the boy are walking up the river, when Arlo hears a voice say hello. Looking around, he finds a Styracosaurus with big horns. His name is Forrest Woodbush. Small creatures are perched all over the horns, and he says they are there to protect him. He saw the boy protect Arlo, and says he could use the boy as another protector. Arlo tells Forrest the boy is with him, and Forrest asks what the boy's name is. Arlo says he doesn't know, and Forrest says, "I name him, I keep him." They both start calling out names, getting no response. Arlo yells out, "Spot!" and the boy looks up at him. "Come here, Spot!" The boy walks up to Arlo. Forrest tells him not to lose Spot on his way back to Clawtooth Mountain. Walking back, they hear a squeak and see a gopher popping its head out of a hole. Spot tries to pounce, but the animal quickly ducks back down. Spot puts his mouth to the hole and blows, causing a gopher to pop out, and then scurry back in. Arlo does the same thing, causing more gophers to pop out. Displeased, the gophers bite Arlo, causing him and Spot to run for safety. They find themselves on a ledge above the river. Another gopher bites Arlo, sending him down into the river. He struggles to stay afloat, and Spot dives in after him and demonstrates how to swim. Arlo catches on and swims to shore with Spot. Arlo realizes his body is covered with leeches and tries to shake them off. Spot helps peel off the stubborn ones. They continue walking and find some fruit, and both eat heartily. Then they start to hallucinate, realizing there was something in the fruit. Tired, they both fall asleep. They wake up at night, and walk through a meadow. Arlo waves his tail through the grass, causing fireflies to pop up. Excited, Spot tries to grab them, catching one in his hands. Arlo blows on it, making it light up, and Spot lets it go. Arlo says he misses his family, and Spot tilts his head in confusion. Arlo breaks some sticks and makes dinosaur shapes, saying that one is him, and the rest are Buck and Libby, and Momma and Poppa. Then he draws a circle around them and says they are his family. Spot grabs some sticks and makes three human shapes, then draws a circle around them. Arlo tells him that's his family. Spot lays two figures flat on the ground and covers them with dirt. Arlo does the same with his Poppa figure. Together, they howl sadly at the moon. The next day, they resume walking up the river, when a violent storm hits them. Arlo curls up under a fallen tree, with Spot following him. When it ends, Arlo climbs out and sees destruction everywhere, and he realizes he can't find the river. In the sky, he sees pterodactyls flying in formation, like a search-and-rescue team. Arlo calls out to them, but Spot scurries off and hides. Thunderclap, Downpour and Coldfront land next to Arlo, and offer to lead him back to Clawtooth Mountain. They find an animal trapped under a fallen tree, and Arlo helps them clear the tree away. Thunderclap picks up the animal, but instead of letting it go, he throws it into his mouth and swallows it. Scared, Arlo looks around and sees Spot hiding beneath some debris. The pterodactyls can smell him, and they ask Arlo where he is. Arlo tries to misdirect them, but when he nervously glances in Spot's direction, Thunderclap flies over to him. Spot runs away, with Thunderclap giving chase. Arlo runs over, and Spot jumps on his back. Arlo sees a long-necked dinosaur grazing and calls out for help, but then he sees that it's actually two T. rexes. Trapped between the pterodactyls and the now-charging T. rexes, Arlo curls up into a ball over Spot. Suddenly, the T. rexes attack the pterodactyls and drive them away, and then they approach Arlo. He's frozen with fear, but the T. rexes help him up, and introduce themselves as Ramsey, a girl, and Nash, her brother. Their father, Butch, walks up and Arlo sees a giant scar on his face. Arlo asks him for help getting home, but Butch tells him they don't have time to help, since they're trying to find their herd of longhorns. Arlo offers to let Spot sniff out the herd, in return for helping him back home. Spot is able to find their tracks, but feathers on the ground indicate that the herd was taken by rustlers. Following the tracks, they find the herd grazing in a nearby field. Knowing the rustlers are lying in wait, Butch tells Arlo to stand on a rock near the herd and scream, and then stand still when the rustlers charge toward him. Nervously, Arlo heads to the rock with Spot. He tries to scream, but his fear made him silent. Spot chomps his leg, and he lets out a pained yell. Three raptors rustle through the grass, and walk up to Arlo. They tell him he's trespassing, and they take care of trespassers by killing them. A raptor strikes, but the T. rexes jump in and fight them. Butch head-butts a raptor, sending him flying into the herd, who stampede straight toward Arlo. Arlo takes off running with Spot, and the T. rexes try to keep up with the herd. A raptor jumps on Nash, and they fight, with the raptor pinning Nash down. Just as he is about to strike, Ramsey hits him with a tail-whip, sending him flying away. Arlo runs behind a boulder to escape the stampede, but the raptors can smell him nearby. Butch charges in, but he gets pinned to the ground by two raptors. Summoning his courage, Arlo charges in and head-butts a raptor away, and Butch grabs the other by the tail and flings her off. Arlo joins the T. rexes in driving the herd to a safer place. That night, Arlo, Spot and the T. rexes gather around a campfire. Arlo sees a cut on his forearm, and Ramsey tells him that it will leave a good scar. Nash shows a scar on his calf, and says he got it fighting fifteen Stegosauruses. Ramsey says that once he was trapped with his tail stuck under a rock and a herd of longhorns coming straight at him, so he had to gnaw his tail off. He shows the stub where his tail was. Arlo asks Butch how he got his scar, and he says he was taking a drink from a pond, when crocodiles jumped out of the water and bit his face. He bit one crocodile in half, tail-whipped another one, and then drowned a third one in his blood. Then he opens his mouth and shows off a crocodile tooth lodged in his jaw. Arlo says that his Poppa wasn't scared of anything, and that he's done being scared. Butch tells him that he was scared when the crocodiles attacked him, and that fear can make you find out what you're made of. Just then, the first snow falls, and Arlo tells them he needs to get home, to prepare the food for winter. The next morning, the T. rexes herd the longhorns on, and when a group splits off, Arlo runs ahead and snaps off a tree with his tail to force them back. Going over a slope, Arlo sees the peaks of Clawtooth Mountain, and the T. rexes say goodbye to him. When Arlo gets close to home, he lets out a happy howl, and Spot joins him. Suddenly, they hear another person howl back. Arlo can't stand the thought of losing Spot, so he scoops Spot up and walks back to the river. A storm comes in, and Arlo's feet get stuck in the mud. Looking up, he sees the pterodactyls flying around. They fly in and attack Arlo with their wings, and Thunderclap snatches up Spot in his talons. The other two turn to Arlo, who tries to back away, but he loses his balance in the mud and falls into brambles below. He tries to get free, but the brambles tighten around him. Unable to get through to Arlo, the pterodactyls fly after Thunderclap and Spot. Arlo tries one more time to free himself, but a rock comes loose and hits him in the head, knocking him unconscious. When he comes to, he sees someone chopping the brambles in half, and realizes it's Poppa. He tells Arlo they have to go home, but Arlo wants to save Spot. Poppa keeps walking forward, and Arlo yells at him to stop. Then he sees that Poppa isn't leaving any footprints. Arlo tells Poppa that he has to go save Spot, because he loves him. Poppa says he knew Arlo had it in him, and then fades away into the rain. Arlo is still tangled in the brambles, but with renewed determination, he breaks them one by one, and he runs after Spot. Arlo climbs up the mountain and howls for Spot, and he hears Spot howl back. He sees Spot inside a hollow tree, surrounded by pterodactyls. They whack the tree, trying to get Spot out. Arlo charges in and head-butts a pterodactyl into the river. Thunderclap and the others lift Arlo into the air, and Spot howls from the tree. Thunderclap flies down to Spot, who goes deeper into the tree. Still in the air, Arlo whacks a tree and makes it fall, landing on the pterodactyls. Arlo falls to the ground, and another pterodactyl flies toward him. Arlo grabs a tree with his tail and flings it into the pterodactyl, knocking it into the water. Arlo sees Thunderclap still attacking Spot, so he runs up and lets out a loud roar, scaring Thunderclap away. A flash flood approaches, and the tree with Spot inside gets swept away. Arlo tries to save him, but he can't reach far enough. The flood causes debris to fall, knocking Arlo into the river. Struggling to swim, he sees Spot unconscious inside the sinking tree. Arlo swims to him, hearing a waterfall ahead. When he reaches Spot, he curls himself around Spot and they both go over the edge. At the bottom, Arlo pulls Spot out of the water, and Spot opens his eyes. Arlo puts his head down and breathes a sigh of relief. The next day, they resume walking home, when they hear a human man howl. They see a woman and two children join him on the hill. Arlo slowly approaches, and Spot jumps off his back. The father sniffs Spot and rubs his hair, and the family gathers around him. Spot jumps on Arlo's back, ready to keep going, but Arlo pushes him off. Arlo draws a circle on the ground around all of them, and Spot understands. Arlo hugs Spot and says goodbye. Arlo walks the rest of the way alone, seeing the farm in the distance with the harvest still on the ground. Momma, Buck and Libby were tired, but still working. Momma looks up and sees Arlo walking toward her. "Arlo!" she cries, and all of them run up and hug him. At the top of the silo, Arlo's mud footprint stands right beside Poppa's. Arlo had done something big for something bigger than himself, and he was home.
tt2094766
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
Spain, 1492 The Knights of the Templar Order are seeking out the Apple of Eden, which legend tells contains the seeds that led to the first sin. The Templars wants to seize the Apple for control over free will in a violent world. The Brotherhood of Assassins were the ones set out to destroy the Templars. Aguilar de Nerha (Michael Fassbender) is tasked with stopping the Templars from taking the Apple. He recites the Assassin's Creed: "We work in the dark to serve the light. We are Assassins." We jump to the 20th century where a young Callum Lynch (Angus Brown) trying to ride his bike across rooftops. After he fails, he goes home and finds his mother Mary (Essie Davis) has been murdered by Cal's father Joseph (Brian Gleeson), who is dressed as an Assassin. Cal runs away from home as his father is pursued by modern day Templars. It is now the present day. An adult Callum (now played by Michael Fassbender) is headed to his execution after being convicted of murder. He is hooked up to a chair for a lethal injection. Cal experiences trippy imagery before passing out. Cal wakes up to find Dr. Sophia Rikkin (Marion Cotillard), who tells him that he is legally dead, but has been brought to a facility. Cal runs out of his room and comes across a window overlooking the city in a massive building. Sophia tells Cal that the building belongs to Abstergo Industries. They need Cal for an important experiment. Callum is taken to a room with a large claw-like mechanism called the Animus. Sophia explains that the Animus will allow Cal to see the memories of his ancestor, Aguilar. After getting hooked into the Animus, Cal finds himself in the Spanish Inquisition as Aguilar. He and his partner Maria (Ariane Labed) are tasked with rescuing the son of Sultan Muhammad XII (Khalid Abdalla), Prince Ahmed of Granada (Kemaal Deen-Ellis), who has been kidnapped by Templars under the order of Tomas de Torquemada (Javier Gutierrez) in order to obtain the Apple from the Sultan. Aguilar strikes when he kills the Templar group's leader with a Hidden Blade concealed in his sleeve. Aguilar and Maria chase after a chariot where Ahmed is being taken. They run the chariot off the street, causing it to slide over a cliff. Aguilar grabs Ahmed and is left dangling before a Templar leader named Ojeda (Hovik Keuchkerian) approaches him. Sophia then takes Callum out of the Animus, leaving him on a literal cliffhanger. Cal meets other people in the facility who are descendants of Assassins, including Moussa (Michael K. Williams), whose ancestor Baptiste used voodoo against his enemies. Cal begins to experience hallucinations of Aguilar fighting, at times appearing as though he is attacking Cal. Sophia explains that these reflections are normal as part of being put in the Animus. She states that the Animus is meant to show people who made them what they are. Sophia and her father Alan Rikkin (Jeremy Irons) are followers of the Templars. They both claim to be seeking the Apple of Eden in order to rid the world of violence. Rikkin meets with a higher-up, Ellen Kaye (Charlotte Rampling), who wants to shut down Rikkin's project due to the lack of success in locating the Apple. Cal experiences more hallucinations, seeing Aguilar attacking him. Cal dodges Aguilar's attacks, but he ends up striking several Abstergo officials. He is subdued and taken back to the Animus. Now, Aguilar and Maria are captured and detained in a cell with their mentor Benedicto (Carlos Bardem). The Assassins are set to be publicly executed. Benedicto is burned alive, but Aguilar manages to free himself and Maria. They cause explosions by setting off oil barrels and then run over rooftops as the Templars chase after them. Aguilar performs a Leap of Faith, but it causes Callum in the present to be caught in a malfunction with the Animus. Cal and Sophia discuss the project as they both hate the Assassins as it was they that killed both their mothers. Cal reunites with Joseph (now played by Brendan Gleeson). Cal still hates Joseph for killing Mary, but Joseph explains that Mary had willingly allowed herself to be killed so that Abstergo would not experiment on them. When Callum returns to the Animus, we see that Aguilar and Maria found the Apple about to be exchanged between Torquemada and the Sultan in order for Torquemada to return Ahmed to his father. The Assassins fight the Templars and kill them all except for Torquemada and Ojeda. Aguilar gets the Apple, but Ojeda holds Maria with a knife to her neck. Ojeda demands the Apple, but Maria would rather sacrifice herself than to let Aguilar give up the Apple. Aguilar holds onto the Apple, and Ojeda drives the knife into Maria's neck, killing her. Aguilar fights Ojeda and stabs him to death with his Hidden Blade before making off the with Apple. The Rikkins learn that the Apple is currently in the tomb of Christopher Columbus. After retrieving it, they head to a temple in London for a grand ceremony. Sophia learns that her father cares more about completely eradicating the Assassins instead of their strive for peace. Callum has fully synchronized with Aguilar and has accepted his role as an Assassin, especially after seeing Mary dressed as an Assassin as she speaks to him. He leads Moussa and several other modern day Assassins against the Templars, slaughtering nearly all of them. Cal and Sophia come across each other. She threatens to expose him, but he knows she won't do it. They make it to Rikkin and kill him before taking back the Apple. The Assassins are now free from Abstergo, but Sophia appears to conspire against Callum in retaliation for her father's death.
tt1029360
Horror,Thriller
(Note: this is a remake of the 1982 Tobe Hooper directed horror film of the same name) The Bowen family - Eric (Sam Rockwell), Amy (Rosemarie DeWitt), Kendra (Saxon Sharbino), Griffin (Kyle Catlett), and Madison (Kennedi Clements) - move into a new home. Upon arriving, Griffin wanders through the house. He notices Maddie talking in front of her bedroom closet to an unseen presence. Griffin also hates that his room is in the attic. He hears a noise in the corner. He opens a door to a cellar and sees a red ball on a string. He pulls it and a bunch of creepy-faced clown dolls pour out. Griffin gets Eric to investigate. A squirrel then pops out of nowhere and frightens them. Griffin chooses to sleep somewhere else until the squirrel is gone. Griffin catches Maddie talking in front of the closet again. This time she shows him a trick where she touches the handle of the closet and her hair stands up. Griffin tries it and they both laugh. Some of the electrical items in the house begin to turn on by themselves. Kendra's phone gets ruined, which she blames on Griffin. At night, the kids' toys and several lights go on and off. Griffin walks downstairs and sees Maddie talking in front of the television. A bunch of hands press up against the screen. Griffin runs to protect Maddie but is pushed by an invisible force. Eric and Amy go downstairs to see Maddie in front of the TV. She turns to them and says, "They're here." Griffin notices more of the weird things happening in the house, but nobody listens to him. He raises his voice to his parents, making Amy say that he's behaving like a baby. He runs back to his room, hurt. Eric and Amy go out to dinner with some friends, leaving Kendra to babysit. The couple learns from their friends that their house was built on an old burial ground. The spirits in the house begin to properly haunt the kids. Kendra's new phone flickers and she hears a three-note sound that she follows to the basement. The floor cracks open and oozes black sludge. To her side, Kendra sees a skeletal ghost. Then a hand pops out from the sludge and grabs her leg. In Griffin's room, the tree over the house beats against the window during a thunderstorm. The creepy clowns start moving everywhere until one doll actually attacks him. The branch then breaks through the window, almost hitting Griffin with broken glass. He runs to Maddie's room to find her huddled in the corner as the closet is creaking and making a weird sound. Griffin runs to get help and is pulled by the branches of the tree. In Maddie's room, several lights head toward the closet. Maddie's Piggycorn doll rolls into the closet. Maddie follows it until she sees that she is deep in her closet. A pair of hands grab her and pull her into the darkness. Eric and Amy return to find Griffin in the tree until he falls from it. Kendra runs out and says she can't find Maddie. The family looks everywhere until Griffin hears Maddie's voice in the TV. She's calling for her mom. Amy and Griffin visit the office of Dr. Brooke Powell (Jane Addams), a paranormal researcher. Griffin blames himself for what happened to Maddie because he left her alone, and he asks Brooke to help bring her back. She takes on the Bowens' case with her assistants Sophie (Susan Heyward) and Boyd (Nicholas Braun). They go to the family's home to find any sign of Maddie. Boyd sits on a chair that flies from under him and up against the wall. The crew sets up to record whatever they can. Boyd goes into the closet to add a heat sensor. He taps the wall and finds a hollow point to drill through. The drill gets pulled into the wall, creating a huge hole. Boyd sticks his arm in there and gets pulled against the wall. The drill starts to make holes closer to Boyd's face until he is let go with a red mark on his arm. He looks back at the wall with no hole and back to his arm with no mark. Boyd runs back downstairs with everyone else, now definitely believing their story. Brooke suggests that this is the work of a poltergeist, which means these spirits can interact with the living world for their own means, and there is more than one spirit involved. The team and family get contact with Maddie through the TV again, until the poltergeists push the TV and break it. Eric goes into Maddie's room and smashes through the wall with a table leg, and then shoves a huge part of the table through the wall. This opens a portal from the closet to the living room ceiling. Brooke then decides she needs to call in the only person she knows who can stop this. She calls in Carrigan Burke (Jared Harris), the host of a paranormal investigation series, and her ex-husband. Carrigan suggests that Maddie has a gift that allows her to communicate with the spirits, and her purity is the key for the spirits to move forward. Although Eric is hesitant to trust Carrigan, he knows he has no other choice if he wants to get Maddie back. Together, they throw a rope through the closet and out the ceiling to make a chain with which to bring Maddie back. Carrigan uses one of Griffin's toy drones to fly in with a camera for a sign of Maddie. The drone flies through the portal, giving everyone a view of the house, infested with countless spirits. The drone eventually finds Maddie, who hears her family and calls to them. Three spirits pull her back, alerting everyone. As the adults argue as to who should go in, Griffin runs upstairs and goes to save Maddie himself. He goes through the portal and finds Maddie. The poltergeists pull the rope and throw it through the other end. Griffin takes Maddie and runs toward the exit. The two of them fall from the opening of the ceiling. Their parents revive them and embrace them. The family starts to pack their bags after thanking Carrigan, believing the house is clean. Maddie says it's NOT clean, despite Amy thinking she helped get the spirits toward the light. Maddie says she didn't since she was pulled out before they could go. Eric starts to drive the family out until the poltergeists attack again and push the car through the house. They begin to pull Maddie back toward the closet. The family runs over to save her. The spirits then emerge in their ghoulish forms to pull Maddie back themselves. Carrigan then commands the spirits to retreat and leave the family alone. He knows what he must do to stop this. He runs up to the room and allows the family to escape while he gets pulled into the portal himself. The Bowens retreat in Sophie's car and drive away. Maddie then sees a beam of light burst from the house, suggesting the spirits have moved onto another realm. In the aftermath, the team tries to find a sign of Carrigan. After spotting nothing for a while, they find a signal near the bottom of the house. The Bowens start to look for a new home. They visit one house that the realtor describes as having big closet space. After seeing the big tree outside and other reasons not to stay, the Bowens leave and decide to just get out of town. Shortly after the credits start, we see Carrigan (alive and well) in his show, only with Brooke joining him. She tries to do his show's catchphrase, to his disapproval.
tt0082339
Drama,History,Thriller
The movie was closely based on the documentary Escape from Iran:The Inside story that was researched , directed and produced by Les Harris of Canamedia Productions of Toronto, Canada; the same producer and company that made the movie Escape from Iran: The Canadian Caper. It tells the story of how the US Embassy in Tehran was overrun by students in 1979 and how six of them escaped to freedom with the help of Canadian diplomats. Canadian Consular official John Sheardown and his wife Zena gave refuge to 4 and Ambassador Ken Taylor and wife Pat, looked after two in their homes. and how , with the help of the Canadian Government, the six were made temporary Canadian citizens and exfiltrated out of Teheran's Mehrebad airport to safety. The movie shows how the CIA screwed up with the stamps on the passports, showing the date of entry to be after the date of the proposed exfiltration. Amistake dicovered by Canadian First Secretary Roger Lucy. At the time the film was made the involvement of CIA agent Anthony Mendez was not known, so when the six fly out, they are shown flying out alone.
tt0114181
Crime,Drama,Mystery
A prison guard walks down a hallway and enters a cell. Inside is George Marlow (Tim Woodward), who gives the guard a letter to mail. Marlow then picks up a book about his own case called "Not Proven". Mr. and Mrs. Branwell (Christopher Ashley and Penelope Beaumont) are calling their daughter Christine's friends after she didn't come home when she was supposed to. They report their daughter missing to the police. Some kids meet under a railway bridge. One owes another money and is knocked over. He lands next to the railway tracks, where he sees a black plastic bag containing a dead body. Jane Tennison (Helen Mirren) is in a meeting with several male police bosses, complaining that a female police officer is being overlooked for promotions. Later, Tennison meets her lover, Patrick Schofield (Stuart Wilson), at a play; they are both late. Soon they are in a bathtub together, Tennison talking about justice and retribution, when she is called to investigate the dead body. Tennison arrives at the scene, where officer Tom Mitchell (Christopher Fulford) tells her it is a woman's body, which was dumped there after being violently killed. She returns home, but finds Schofield gone. She calls Richard Haskons (Richard Hawley) to have him meet her; he is with his two young children. They both see the pathologist, who shows them the stab wounds and marks of rope and iron clamps on the body. Tennison looks frightened when she mentions to Haskons the similarities between the injuries they have just seen and those in the case they previously investigated together, in which George Marlow was convicted. We also see Tennison at police archives looking over photographs from the old case. Next, Tennison is in the office of Chief Superintendent Kernan (John Benfield), requesting that she be allowed to handle the case. She goes to meet the team, and Tom Mitchell gives her the known details, with an abrupt attitude that annoys her. The dead woman is Margery Miller, a local woman and widow of a policeman. On the preceding Tuesday she was at the police social club, left on her own, but never returned home. Friday morning, she was dead. Tennison talks to Haskons about the book published by an author claiming George Marlow was innocent, "Not Proven". She thinks someone may have used the book as inspiration for a copycat murder. Mr. and Mrs. Branwell give a televised plea for help in finding their daughter. We see George Marlow watching with fellow inmates. Reading the book she talked about, Tennison discusses the case with Schofield who says that as a psychiatrist he finds it unlikely that someone copied a murder in detail. At the station, Tennison is updated on progress on identifying footprints from the crime scene. She is also informed that a Meditteranean-looking man was seen in a Ford Escort early Friday morning; she blames Mitchell for not telling her sooner. Some of the staff have caught on to the links with the Marlow case, and Tennison tells them that Marlow was guilty and no one should think otherwise. Tennison wakes up with Schofield. She says it is the first time she has ever wanted to stay home from work and that she will not let work stand in the way of another relationship. Elsewhere, Mr. and Mrs. Branwell are informed of their daughter's death. The body of sixteen-year-old Christine has been found in a similar state as Margery's. At the station, a cigarette-smoking Tennison goes over the facts with the squad. The girl must have been kept prisoner for three days before being killed. Also, traces of perfume were found in both women's hair. An officer suggests they check out a Greek man who the book on the Marlow murders claims might have committed the crimes, but Tennison refuses. Forensic identifies the scent in the women's hair as a gardenia perfume. Neither woman used that sort of perfume. Officer Mitchell complains to Tennison that she is not willing to follow leads that don't match her own ideas. She refutes the criticism, but is soon on her way with Haskons to look into the Greek man, Andreas Hulenkinis (Darrell D'Silva), who is the nephew of the proprietor of the garage where two of Marlow's murders took place. They go to the garage, now used by a small business, and Haskons questions Andreas at the cafe where he works. Andreas left the country for several years and has returned only recently. He says he knows nothing about the case and does not drive an Escort. Tennison comes to dinner at Schofield's place. She discovers the Marlow book on his desk and is upset that he has read it because of its nasty portrayal of her. The next day Tennison sees Kernan, who has had a complaint from Mitchell and shows her newspaper headlines with leaked information from the case. He takes her off the case against her objections. Mitchell takes over and orders Andreas and his uncle brought in for questioning. There's no firm link between Andreas and the van or the footprints, but he doesn't mind. Haskons details Christine's path home on the night of her abduction and centres on a car driven by a uniformed policeman seen in the vicinity with someone possibly in the back seat. We briefly see George Marlow in his cell sticking a newspaper article on the recent murders on the wall. Kernan meets Commander Trayner (Stafford Gordon) and Thorndike (Stephen Boxer). Thorndike is to conduct a discreet investigation into the Marlow case; Kernan's objections are ignored. Tennison is at a bar with Schofield. He tells her he looked in a file of hers after she fell asleep one night and came across a detail from the Marlow investigation: Gardenia scent was in fact among items found at the garage, and a sweet scent was noted on several of the victims. Since this information was never public the recent murders could not have been copied from the book. Meanwhile, the media start to speak of miscarriage of justice in Marlow's case. When Mitchell asks for the Marlow file the next day, Tennison has to pick it up at Schofield's place. She lets herself in and overhears the answering machine recording a message from Mark Whitehouse, the author of "Not Proven", who Schofield had denied knowing. She finds files on Marlow and herself in Schofield's filing cabinet. Kernan meets with Thorndike, who thinks the investigation should be opened up to include the old murders. Mitchell puts this into effect, though it means spreading the squad's resources thin. Tennison arranges to meet Haskons and asks him to provide her with information. Then she meets with Mark Whitehouse (Ray Fearon). He tells her how he met Moyra Henson, Marlow's former wife, and came to write the book. Kernan picks Tennison up in the street and tells her she has his support, but she has to be careful. At night she speaks to Schofield on the phone, but she is disillusioned with him. Another woman, Lynn Matthews, has gone missing. The police set out to find her, fearing she may be in the hands of the killer. The investigation is going nowhere, and Haskons is frustrated. Tennison visits George's mother, Doris Marlow (Joyce Redman), in Blackpool. She takes her for a walk on the pier, and the senile woman tells her fragments of an affair she once had and how George discovered it. The gardenia is the perfume she wore back then. Schofield is seen meeting with Thorndike, then comes to see Tennison. He explains that he has never met with Whitehouse and that his file on Tennison was for research for a book and no longer of use. Tennison doesn't trust him and throws him out. Tennison visits George Marlow in prison. She knows that the perfume confirms that Marlow was guilty and that only someone with access to him could have done the new murders. She tells him about her visit to Blackpool. He is upset, but doesn't tell her anything. Back at the station, leads are turning into dead ends. Jane Tennison is summoned to Commander Trainer's office. She is suspended from all duties because of her unauthorized visit with Marlow. Haskons visits Tennison early next morning. He has been looking into George Marlow's fellow prisoners from the past years. One of them is now free and living alone in the London area. Mitchell has told him not to investigate. He asks for Tennison's help, and they go to see the man only to find that he is not their guy. At the station, the squad finally has a list of police officers who drive cars like the one seen in Christine's neighbourhood and who were on duty at that time. Mitchell has each of their homes searched. While looking at Schofield's file on her, Tennison sees a picture of Moyra Henson and has the idea that it might have been Moyra who told someone about the perfume; she asks Schofield for help. In prison, George Marlow speaks to the prison guard (Pip Donaghy). He asks him if he will kill the woman today, and the guard turns towards him. We realize he is the killer and Marlow has just found out. He says he does not have the strength to go on, but Marlow convinces him he must finish the job. Tennison and Schofield visit Whitehouse to ask about Moyra. At the police station, the searches have brought nothing, and things are desperate. Then Tennison calls. The squad rush to the prison guard's home, and they are in time to save Lynn Matthews. Haskons and Mitchell interrogate the prison guard, Len. He tells them it was Moyra who told him about the perfume once after she visited Marlow; they had a relationship. After Moyra died, he wanted to feel what it was like to do what Marlow did. He says it turned out that it felt like being in hell. Tennison stands before a disciplinary committee headed by Commander Trayner. Trayner says her actions during the case was a serious breach of conduct, but since she also helped solve the case and save a life she is let off with a reprimande. In the street Patrick Schofield waits. She had mentioned to him that she would resign, but he understands that she won't. In the evening they go to a police party together. Schofield tells Tennison about the visit Thorndike paid him to ask him to inform on Tennison. Tennison asks Thorndike to dance and lets him know exactly how she feels about him.
tt0087642
Drama,Family,History
A movie for the whole family. True Story of the first seeing eye dog in America. Facing all the legallities. Bringing a dog into a restaurant, motel, hotel, library, etc. Getting congress to change laws for the dog. The start up for first "Seeing Eye Dog Academy" in America.
tt1489917
Documentary,Crime,History
The term "crime of the century" has been worn thin by overuse, but the slaughter of seven people in two days by members of the Manson family in August 1969 still requires its hyperbolic ring. The Tate-LaBianca murders scared Los Angeles witless and horrified an already deeply unsettled nation. Forty years later, Charles Manson remains our homegrown image of Satan and, as the recent denial of the dying Susan Atkins' request for early release proves, the senselessly brutal deaths, particularly that of the pregnant Sharon Tate, are a still vivid American nightmare. So it's not surprising that the History cable channel would have some way of marking the anniversary. "Manson," which premieres tonight, is a dramatically reenacted documentary that turns on the emergence of Linda Kasabian, a "family" member who was present at both murder sites. She did not actively participate in the killings and in exchange for immunity became prosecutor Vincent Bugliosi's star witness during the Manson trial. Kasabian, who has been in hiding for much of her adult life, left an unhappy marriage when she was 21, took her baby daughter and followed friend Catherine Share (a.k.a. Gypsy) to Manson's Spahn Ranch. There she became romantically involved with Tex Watson and a devoted member of the "family" until she fled, leaving her daughter behind, shortly after the LaBianca murders. As promising as the "emerges-from-hiding" interview might seem, the result quickly becomes just another excuse to wallow around in Manson lore and dramatically reenact the horrific murders. Filmed in shadow, Kasabian sheds absolutely no light on how Manson managed to turn a group of hippie kids into butchers; we "learn" that he was very charismatic and that sex and drugs were involved, but it's as if she were simply reading the published accounts of life on the ranch. Her retelling of the Tate murders in particular is simplified and sanitized. While History has no problem splashing the camera lens with blood on many of its programs, here we are mercifully spared the well-documented mayhem. Unfortunately, the abbreviated scene -- the murders, particularly at the Tate house, appear to have taken minutes -- makes Kasabian's doing nothing to stop them seem more reasonable than perhaps it was. Although Bugliosi is on hand to explain Manson's famous plans to start a race war, the narrative dwells instead on Manson's failed attempts to become a music star. Tate's house had previously been occupied by Terry Melcher, a record producer Manson met through Beach Boy Dennis Wilson. Melcher had made some noise about a record deal; when that turned out to be a typical Hollywood runaround, Manson went ballistic. That Roman Polanski and his wife now lived in the house didn't matter at all. Like the lamentable "Max" -- if only the German art world had recognized the talents of young Adolf Hitler, the Holocaust would have been averted -- "Manson" spends far too much time trying to figure out Manson, who was a self-proclaimed psychopath, and not enough time asking Kasabian how the line between robbery and carnage was so easily crossed by her lover and the women with whom she lived. The mystery at the heart of the crimes was never Manson's motivations -- he's a psychopath -- but the infectious nature of his insanity. That darkness remains undisturbed by what little is revealed here. [D-Man2010]
tt0273657
Adventure,Drama,War
At the tribunal in Jamaica, the officers on the Renown are being charged with mutiny. Flashback to the Renown in St. Domingo. The men killed in the skirmish at the fort are being given a proper burial at sea. First Lt. Buckland is now the acting captain. Captain Sawyer is in his cabin, restrained by a straightjacket. He makes odd statements; it's obvious that he is unwell mentally. First Lt. Buckland is anxious to get underway and head for Jamaica. But Horatio proposes that the Renown make another try at attacking the fort. He feels that with surprise on their side, it will be a victory. Horatio thinks that this victory would help the officers of the Renown during the mutiny trial that they are sure to face once they arrive in Jamaica. But Buckland is convinced that they will have nothing to fear in Jamaica, and because Bush doesn't support Horatio's plan, Buckland decides against attacking the fort and continues to plot their course for Jamaica. Flashforward to the trial. Dr. Clive is still strongly supporting Captain Sawyer, even though he agreed that Sawyer was unfit for command during the battle at the fort when the officers took command from Sawyer. He testifies that he agreed to declare Sawyer unfit under duress from Horatio. Flashback to the Renown. Bush, Kennedy and Hornblower discuss Horatio's plan to attack the fort. Bush admits he was wrong not to support him with Buckland. They all agree that they should move forward with the plan and attack the fort. Meanwhile, Gunner Hobbs is talking with Seaman Randall (the man who is always fighting with Styles). Randall and some other men are planning to desert the Renown. He invites Hobbs to join them, but Hobbs is unwilling to desert "his Captain" (Sawyer) to leave him "at the mercy of" the other officers. Hobbs does assist the desertion, though, by clubbing the marine on watch and knocking him out. More marines are attacked by the deserters as they prepare to leave the ship. Randall's last action before climbing off the Renown is to punch Hobbs in the face, knocking him out. He and the rest of the deserters (approx. 2/3 of the Renown's seamen) swim for shore under the cover of darkness. They are seen coming out of the water on a beach of the island where the fort is. Flash forward to Jamaica: Horatio testifies that the reason he and the other officers wanted to press on with the attack was to fulfill their duty to their captain and to the service. Admiral Hammond suggests that Horatio is ambitious. Pellew continues to be fair and shows support for Hornblower. Flashback to the Renown. Matthews is seen rousing the seamen from their sleep. He discovers that many have deserted and quickly informs the rest. Buckland is concerned, now that so many men are found to have deserted, so he agrees to Horatio's plan to attack the fort. He feels that the officers of the Renown will need this victory to save them from hanging for mutiny. Four boats of seamen and marines row to the island from the Renown. It is nearly daybreak. Horatio, Bush, Wellard, and Hobbs are with them. As they begin hiking toward the fort, they discover the deserters, all dead, but they have no idea how that came to happen. Flashforward to Jamaica. Hammond tells Pellew that they will need a "guilty party" on whom to blame the mutiny. (Pellew calls it a scapegoat.) They seem reluctant to ruin Captain Sawyer's career. Flashback to the island. Day is beginning to break. As the attack force makes their way toward the fort, the 3-4 men who remained behind to guard their boats are attacked by natives. On the Renown, Sawyer rambles on and on, taunting Buckland and making him doubt himself while Clive watches and listens. Sawyer tries to convince Buckland to release him, promising to speak on his behalf when they get to Jamaica. Clive tries to get Sawyer to keep quiet. Buckland orders Clive to give Sawyer more laudenum. The rowboats, filled with native men, approach the Renown. Buckland realizes they are freed slaves from the island. The freemen want the Renown to leave, claiming they have no business in this fight. Back at the island, the officers prepare to attack, but Buckland's weakness in command has led to shots being fired from the ship, so the element of surprise is lost for the attack force on the island. The attack on the fort begins. Horatio notices that one of the Spanish soldiers atop the main fort is the same man they'd noticed earlier, on top of the tower. He tells Archie about it. Archie agrees it's the same man, so he, Horatio, Wellard, and Matthews return to a lower position where they had earlier stashed some kegs of gunpowder. They take several kegs of powder and return up the trail toward the fort. They're looking for something along the slope. Matthews notices a grate on the ground which leads to a tunnel below. Wellard is the only one of the group who is small enough to fit through the grate, so the others lower him, head first, into the hole. At the bottom, he hears Spanish soldiers approaching. Horatio warns him to run for safety while he and the others light a fuse to ignite a keg of powder which they have placed over the grate. Just as the Spanish soldiers arrive below the grate, the powder keg explodes, killing them. With the grate removed, Horatio and the others may now climb down into the tunnel, where they make their way toward the fort. A small group of Spanish soldiers are ready to attack them, but they run back the other way to avoid being shot. Meanwhile, Bush, the marines, and the other seamen are being fired upon heavily. It seems to be hopeless. Bush is about to surrender his sword to the Spanish commander when an explosion blows the door of the fort open, right in front of them. It is Horatio and the other men; they exploded more kegs of powder to defend their position. The blast also saves the rest of the attack party (with Mr. Bush) in front of the fort. Horatio and the others quickly join the frontal assault. The Spanish are soon subdued, so they surrender. Bush and Horatio discuss how they can prevent 3 Spanish vessels from escaping the bay. Horatio suggests "hot shots," which are cannon balls heated in a fire until they are red hot; they are then loaded into a cannon and shot. The balls explode like bombs when they hit a ship. (This is a trick the Spanish use against the English.) They manage to disable one vessel's sails. Then the Renown arrives and fires on the three ships. Flash forward to the tribunal in Jamaica. Again, Horatio is being accused of ambition. He insists he was only doing his duty. Later, Hammond tells Pellew that Hornblower seems guilty. Pellew explains that Horatio is very dear to him. Pellew will not rush to judgment; he explains that he will weigh all facts carefully, as will the others. Flashback to the Renown. The Spanish commander surrenders. He informs Buckland that he would like to use the small fleet of three Spanish ships to leave the island with his men and their families. He insists that he knows they are beaten and he hopes Buckland will agree to this limited surrender. Buckland is inclined to go along with the idea, but Horatio informs the Spanish Commander that he will receive an answer within an hour. Horatio explains to Buckland that the Spanish seem too willing to give up their ships and fort so easily -- and too anxious to leave. Archie discovers that the food stores are nearly depleted at the fort. Horatio suggests that the island will soon be under siege from the band of freed slaves. He thinks they should find a way to impose a complete surrender on the Spanish, taking the soldiers prisoner and the three Spanish vessels as prizes of the British navy. Buckland invites the Spanish commander and his wife to dine aboard the Renown. In the mean time, the other officers bring a cannon from the Renown to the top of the cliff overlooking the bay where the Spanish ships are moored. Captain Sawyer is still acting crazy. He gets loose and threatens Horatio with a razor blade. Horatio talks him out of it, speaking of his past glories and how Horatio would not like to see Captain Sawyer's good name and achievements ruined by his present condition and actions. The cannon is successfully placed on the cliff. At dinner with Buckland, the Spanish commander and his wife become concerned that the other officers have not arrived for dinner yet. Buckland tries to stall. Suddenly, they hear the sound of cannon fire. (A ranging shot fired from the cliff overlooking the bay.) The commander and his wife protest. Buckland informs them that they are now the prisoners of the British navy and will have safe passage to Jamaica. Their ships will be safe as British prizes of war. Buckland asks for the commander's sword, signaling that it is now an unconditional surrender. Horatio, Bush and the others watch as the Spanish ships take down their flags. They begin to cheer when suddenly, they come under fire from the rebel forces (former slaves) above them on the cliff. They spike their cannon and fall back in retreat. Buckland watches form the Renown as they run down the slope toward shore and questions the Spanish commander, asking him how long the island/fort had been under siege. Just then, Captain Sawyer can be heard singing "Spanish Ladies" from down below. Buckland is irritated by the captain's behavior. He goes below to attempt to quiet him down. Sawyer taunts him and baits him, making him doubt himself. He wants to convince Buckland that Horatio will outshine him and make him look foolish with the Admiralty. Sawyer even tells Buckland that unless he "strikes first," Horatio will take the Renown from him just as Horatio took the Renown from Sawyer. Dr. Clive enters and Buckland orders him to give Sawyer more laudanum. Flash forward to Jamaica. Pellew is questioning Buckland about his relationship with Horatio. He's trying to learn if Buckland harbors any ill feelings toward Horatio. Flashback to the Renown. The attack party from shore has returned on board. Buckland informs Bush that it will be necessary to destroy the fort before they set sail again; he hints that he wants Horatio to take charge of this mission. Horatio agrees, saying it would be an honor to volunteer. Bush seems suspicious about Buckland's motives. Archie and Bush offer to assist, but Buckland decides to keep Bush and Archie on the Renown. (The implication here is that Sawyer has been successful in making Buckland doubt Horatio.) Flash forward to Jamaica. Pellew asks Buckland if he wanted Horatio to survive this mission. Buckland insists that he does not send men to their death. Flash back to the Renown. Matthews is asking Buckland if he and Styles and some other men may escort Horatio and row him back to the Renown after his mission. Buckland denies the request, saying they are needed on board. Meanwhile, at the fort Horatio discovers that Archie and Bush have disregarded Buckland's orders and have come to help him after all. They fend off attacking rebels while Horatio sets up the powder kegs and charges. The fuse is lit; they run through the underground tunnel and climb up through the grate. Just as they surface, the powder explodes. The men on the Renown watch as the fort is destroyed. Hobbs tells Matthews and Styles, "Now you know what it's like to lose your hero." They tell Hobbs that Horatio will be back. Hobbs tells Buckland, "Your victory is complete." (The implication is that he has completed his mission, and that additionally, he has eliminated Horatio as a barrier to advancement in his naval career.) Buckland tells Matthews it's time to set sail for Jamaica. (He's leaving without Horatio.) Horatio, Bush and Archie jump from the cliff into the sea. They are spotted by Styles and Matthews, who inform Buckland. Buckland has no choice; he must wait for them. Horatio has a hearty reunion with Matthews and Styles on board the Renown. Buckland places Horatio in charge of the three Spanish vessels; he will be "responsible for their safe return." Buckland seems uncomfortable. Bush apologizes to Buckland for disobeying his orders and helping Horatio. Buckland replies that his actions were "true to form." He thinks Bush, Archie, and Horatio are full of themselves, he believes they think he is a fool. Bush replies that "nobody thinks command is easy." Buckland says, "I never expected it to be easy." As Bush walks away, he whispers to himself, "I expected to be fit for it." Horatio is aboard one of the Spanish ships, en route to Jamaica. Matthews is with him. They are having one of their frank conversations. Matthews tells Horatio, "After what happened today, I'd say [Buckland] is a man of no conscience." Horatio tells him that it is difficult commanding a large vessel and being responsible for so many men. They mention Captain Sawyer. Back on the Renown, Sawyer is acting crazy, crawling on the floor. Buckland tells the guard to release him from the straight jacket. Buckland tries to tell Sawyer that he "never wanted any of this." Hobbs tries to help Sawyer. Buckland pours himself a drink. In the brig on the Renown, the former Spanish Commander's wife is flirting with her guard. It's obvious that something is going on. Hobbs takes Sawyer to the hole where he'd fallen, earlier. He asks him what he sees; he's trying to help Sawyer remember what happened. Wellard tells Hobbs to leave him alone. Hobbs tells him to leave Sawyer alone. Sawyer says it wasn't him [Wellard] who pushed the captain. Sawyer is confused and mistakes Wellard for an Admiral he used to know. Hobbs informs Wellard that eventually, Sawyer will remember what happened to him. Hobbs takes Sawyer back to his cabin and puts him to bed. He's still acting crazy. The commander's wife is still flirting with her guard. He unlocks her cell and she gets out. They find a quiet place and he starts to kiss her. She removes a knife from her garter and sticks it into his back. She takes his keys and releases the other wives from the cell. Then she releases the men, who attack the marines standing watch. They take guns from the ship's armory and try a sneak attack on Bush, but he must have heard them coming because he is ready for them and shoots them with his pistol. Bush, Archie, and their men, including Styles, are under full attack on the Renown from the Spanish. On a Spanish vessel, Horatio is roused from his bunk by Matthews, who shows him that the Renown is under siege. He orders all hands on deck. They come alongside the Renown and assist the others in fighting off the Spanish. Wellard sneaks into Sawyer's cabin with a pistol in his hand. He says he can't allow Sawyer to get to Jamaica; he will not allow Sawyer to remember who pushed him. Sawyer taunts Wellard and belittles him, taking the pistol from him. Then, the fighting is heard outside Sawyer's cabin door. Sawyer tells Wellard he remembers who pushed him. Then he hands the pistol back to Wellard. They stand side-by-side to face the enemy. The door bursts open and they are both shot. Sawyer dies instantly. Hobbs enters the cabin. Horatio and the others have retaken control of the ships and the Spanish surrender again. Bush is badly wounded. Styles calls Horatio over to Bush, Dr. Clive begins to work on him. Wellard tells Hobbs how Sawyer told Wellard he was brave. He also tells Hobbs he knew who pushed him. Hobbs puts his ear to Wellard's mouth, then Wellard dies. Horatio comes in at that moment and tells Hobbs that Sawyer died a hero in battle, and that he was a leader of men. Styles and Horatio find Buckland tied up in his cabin. They release him; Horatio informs him that the Renown and other ships have been recovered. Buckland says that he can see that they are recovered, and he can see WHO recovered them. (He's not happy that Horatio has "bested" him again by succeeding where Buckland has failed.) Horatio leaves Buckland and returns to the deck. He and Archie have a little chuckle about "poor Buckland." Horatio notices that Archie is bleeding. He opens Archie's jacket to find his shirt covered in blood from a chest wound. Blood spews from Archie's mouth. In Jamaica, Archie lies in a sickbed, in a cell, recovering from his wounds while Horatio is escorted to the court-martial proceedings. Bush lies recovering in a bed next to Archie. Outside the tribunal, workers are building a gallows. Pellew questions Buckland about his command. He is criticized for losing control of the Renown to the Spanish prisoners. One of the tribunes makes a joke saying Buckland's epitaph will say he was "caught napping." The courthouse erupts into laughter. Pellew does not find it at all amusing. Neither does Capt. Hammond. Pellew begins to say that "thankfully there was at least one officer present who..." He is interrupted by Buckland, who cries that the reason the proceedings are taking place is all is because Captain Sawyer was unfit for command. He endangered the lives of every man on the ship. Pellew stops him and warns him not to "blacken the name of one of Nelson's own." Buckland interrupts again, insisting that Sawyer was unfit for command for ONE REASON: "He didn't fall into that hold, he was pushed... by Lt. Horatio Hornblower!" Buckland implies that Gunner Hobbs will support his claims. Later, out in the street, Styles spits into Hobbs' face and calls him a traitor. Dr. Clive examines Bush. He has a deep sabre gash in his chest. Clive tells him he'll mend. Archie coughs horribly. Hobbs is on the witness stand. Hammond confirms that he is there to corroborate Buckland's story. Hobbs speaks of his loyalty to Sawyer. Hammond asks Hobbs who pushed Sawyer into the hold. Hobbs says, "My captain was a leader of men, and he died in battle. But I'm afraid I cannot tell you who pushed him." (He essentially repeats the same words Horatio said earlier about Captain Sawyer.) A murmur goes through the room as people are surprised Hobbs does not implicate Hornblower. The three members of the tribunal meet privately behind closed doors. Pellew makes a plea to put an end to the proceedings in order to "save the life of a man willing to abandon his own life for others, a man for whom others would gladly give their own lives. We should not try to hang this man, we should promote him." Hammond responds that he would like them to put the question to Horatio and ask him if he pushed Sawyer down the hold. "As a man of honor, he will answer it." Dr. Clive examines Archie. Horatio enters. Dr. Clive offers him his hand, they shake hands. Archie asks Horatio what he will say at the hearing when they ask him if he pushed Sawyer. Horatio tells them he will not give that answer until they ask it. The next morning, Horatio stops to see Archie before going to the tribunal. He is not in his bed. He asks Bush where Archie is, but Bush tells him he's about somewhere. Archie is shown entering the tribunal with the assistance of Dr. Clive. He testifies that he and he alone pushed Sawyer into the hold. Back at the cell, Horatio suddenly realizes what Archie is doing. Bush tells him "it must be done." Archie is removed from the room just as Horatio arrives. Horatio is devastated. Later, Buckland is shown sitting at a table, pouring himself a glass a wine. The glass overflows and wine spills onto the table, but Buckland doesn't seem to notice, he just keeps pouring the wine. Someone knocks on his door and calls to him, but he doesn't respond. He is obviously very troubled by what is taking place. Back in Archie's cell, Dr. Clive checks on his patient. Bush has apparently been released. Horatio asks Archie why. He is choking back tears. Archie explains that he is very ill and doesn't think he'll live long enough to face the gallows. He tells Horatio he is frightened, but Horatio tells him he is the bravest man Horatio knows. Horatio feels badly about the sacrifice Archie makes to save him. Archie: "Poor Horatio. So quick to give, so slow to accept the simplest gift. You have done the same for me, you know, a thousand times." Horatio: "But never at such a dear cost." Archie: "Please take what I offer. Take it and say goodbye." Horatio: "Archie?" [He's really choking back the tears now.] "I am honored to have served with you." Archie: [smiling and choking back tears at the same time] "And I to have known you." Horatio: "Bye." Archie: [smiling] "You see? Better already." Archie gasps, moans, and then dies. Horatio whispers, "My dear friend." He is heartbroken. He remains sitting by Archie's bed. The image fades away and then comes back again. The bed is now empty, but Horatio is still sitting there. Commodore Pellew enters the cell. He gives Horatio a newspaper. A story describes how Sawyer was a hero. There is no mention of Archie. Pellew says Archie was a man of great loyalty who saw his duty and did it. Horatio says he went to his grave without the merit of his good name. Pellew says that he and Horatio will not forget what Archie did. (It is implied that Pellew does not believe that Archie pushed Sawyer down into the hold.) Pellew tells Horatio that one of the Spanish ships captured by the Renown is being renamed the Retribution. He hands Horatio orders that say: The Captain of the Retribution Commander Horatio Hornblower Horatio thinks that Bush, who was second in command, should have received the honor. But Pellew tells him he'd better accept a promotion when it is offered. Pellew: "I wish you a safe voyage, Mr. Hornblower." He and Horatio exchange a very meaningful look, like a father and a son would at a very important moment. Horatio thanks him.
tt0074464
Biography,Drama,Romance
Based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning biography of Mrs. Roosevelt by her long-time friend Joseph Lash, the first 2-part, 4-hour installment of "Eleanor and Franklin" traces the early lives and relationship of Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt to the point of his election as 32nd president of the United States in 1932. A treasure not to be missed by anyone appreciating American history, this 1976 TV miniseries epitomizes the very best in production quality, directorial mastery, writing, and above all the acting of its cast. The 1977 second installment, titled "Eleanor and Franklin: the White House Years," details their time in the White House, covering both the Great Depression and World War II, and is equally as good. Though some of the historical accuracy is now in doubt, the story of the Roosevelts is told here as it was known in 1976. It dramatizes brutally the austere childhood of Eleanor Roosevelt, including the devastation of her mother's early death and her father's death only two years later, though it ignored the embarrassing details of her aunts' affairs and her uncles' alcoholishm. It frankly addresses the emotional heartache that FDR's affair with Lucy Mercer had on Eleanor and its consequences on her subsequent career and their marriage. It deals with FDR's paralysis from polio in 1921 with a compassionate understanding and insight into the maturity he gained from the experience that led to his return to public life. Most affectingly, it details the triangulated relationship between FDR, Eleanor, and his mother Sara, and the devastating effect that Sara's dominance had on the marriage between Eleanor and Franklin. In the annals of biographical acting performances, those of Edward Hermann as Franklin, Jane Alexander as Eleanor, and Rosemary Murphy as Sara stand as benchmarks for empathetic realism. Hermann portrays Franklin as a lonely man whose bravado and cheerful humor mask his own insecurity. Alexander projects the core sadness of Eleanor's life: her childhood as an orphan and her perpetual fear of abandonment by those whom she loved. Murphy, who dominates this first installment entirely (but is underutilized in the second), portrays Sara as a Victorian matriach who is desperately afraid of losing control of her family, and not shy about gettting her way by holding the purse strings. One wonders, though, in light of newly uncovered evidence, whether the dynamics of this triangulated relationship were depicted correctly. We now know that Eleanor had a rich life of friendships with women who were openly lesbian -- with the knowledge and acceptance of Sara and Franklin -- though none of these women appear or are even mentioned in either installment of this miniseries. We now know that Sara was a staunch ally of Eleanor during the marital crisis involving Lucy Mercer -- though the miniseries portrays the relationship of the two women as repeatedly contentious: "Yes, Mama!" We now know that, just prior to his affliction with polio, FDR was censured by the U.S. Senate for his involvement in the sting that exposed a homosexual ring within the U.S. Navy at Newport, R.I. -- though the miniseries completely ignores this critical event in Roosevelt's life. Despite some of these critical omissions, "Eleanor and Franklin" is essential viewing for anyone interested in understanding the history of the Roosevelts -- from the Old New York brilliance of their 1880s childhoods to the funeral train carrying President Roosevelt's body from Warm Springs to Washington in 1945. It is an important piece of history, and eminently poignant, that the orphaned Eleanor was given away by her uncle at her wedding to her fifth cousin, Franklin, on St. Patrick's Day 1905. That uncle was the current president at the time, Theodore Roosevelt. That event, more than any other, harkened the onset of the twentieth century: the passing of the torch from one U.S. president at the beginning of the century to the president who defended the republic from both economic collapse and fascistic tyranny. In the age of Obama with its hold on our hopeful imagination, one wonders what event we will view in the lens of history as the onset of the twenty-first century.
tt1232047
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
Most of the Cul-De-Sac has become desecrated after an unexplained scam from the Eds has gone wrong. And as a result, the rest of the kids are out for them. Leaving the Eds to make a run for it. Ed frenziedly packs anything he can find in a makeshift suitcase, Double D tries to write an apologetic letter to his parents before he runs away, but is overwhelmed to tears over the guilt. Eddy prepares a suitcase as well, only to become alerted by someone trying to break down his door. The door bursts in and it turns out to be Ed and Double D. Double D tries to admonish Eddy about their circumstances, only to find that the kids are coming nearer. Eddy leads them to his brother's room for a hideout, covering the door with a poster matching the walls of the hallway. Eddy secures the doors shut and he starts to chastise Double D for the scheme. They argue for a brief moment until Double D decides to listen in to see if any of the kids can hear them in the room. Ed subsequently bites a slice of buttered toast giving them all away. The kids begin trying to break down the door, as the Eds look for an exit. Eddy uncovers a peanut from a glass emergency class that inadvertently ends up lodged in Ed's mouth. Upon breaking it in half with his teeth, a key to Eddy's Brother's Car comes out of it. Unable to start it, Ed uses his feet to move the car. [Flintstones Style] Rolf and Kevin immediately chases after them, catching the attention of Sarah and Jimmy who were busy "filming" their own movie. A chase ensues following through the neighborhood where Rolf attempts to drag Ed out with his teeth. Only to have the Eds outrun Rolf. The chase leads through the forest and into the dump, where Kevin is waiting on his bike. Kevin attempts to crash the car, managing severe damage. Kevin leaps for the car where the rest of the kids catch up and pry the roof off the car. Double D grabs for a playground merry go round, wherein he spins the remaining kids off. Launching the Eds away from the Cul-De-Sac. Kevin declares his rage to Nazz and Rolf. Crying over if the Eds wont come back, Nazz is assured by Rolf that he will punish the Eds for their scam. Rolf goes alone with his pig Wilfred, Kevin and Nazz team up, Johnny sneaks off with his wooden friend Plank, and Sarah, upon realizing the others plan to maim the Eds, she offers to Jimmy to have a picnic with Jimmy and watch the beating in person. The Eds crash the car into a lone desert rock. Eddy suggests to Ed and Double D that they go to his brother's house. Affirming that if the other kids were to find them there, his brother would maul them. Before leaving Double D places an "Out of Order" sticker on the wrecked car. Meanwhile Johnny and Plank enter the secret lair of Johnny's super hero alias "Captain Melonhead." In his attempt to find the Eds. Kev in and Nazz ride off on Kevin's Bike, being splattered by small bugs on their way. They derail and crash Kevin's Bike. Kevin alarmed by the damage of his bike, as opposed to Nazz. Kevin asks where they would run off to, he realizes that they are running to Eddy's Brother's place. Terrified by the idea of being attacked by Eddy's Brother, they take off on the mangled bike. Rolf makes his way into the desert where the Eds last were. He investigates the car wreck. After being tossed by Wilfred, he finds the "Out of Order" label Double D left behind. Rolf uses this to get the scent from Wilfred. The Eds end up in a private area where they encounter a plethora of smelly cows. Much to Ed's pleasure. Eddy continues to brag about his brother until Double D asks where Eddy's Brother lives. Only to find that Eddy doesn't know where he lives. Eddy unveils a postcard of a theme park called "Mondo-A-Go Go," that Double D tries to use to find Eddy's Brother's address. Unfortunately for them, the address is scribbled out. Double D then uses a marker Ed was using to draw a picture of Eddy's Brother to distinguish Eddy's Brother's whereabouts based on his traits. Coming to the conclusion that Eddy's Brother is a jokester, Ed concurs that Eddy works at a gag factory. Jimmy and Sarah giddily prance with a picnic basket to Eddy's Brother's house , only to arrive in the Trailer Park the Kanker Sisters live in. May discovers Jimmy and they begin to harass him. Out of fright, Jimmy reveals that he was planning on seeing The Eds getting beaten up. Sarah steps in and is interrogated by Lee via wet Willy. Jimmy spares Sarah by revealing that The Eds were going to be beaten up by the other kids for a scam they did. The Kankers Decide to track down the kids and prevent The Eds from being attacked. Using Jimmy and Sarah as a guide. The Eds get into a field of sunflowers, where Ed and Eddy fool around. Double D mentions to The Eds that they had nearly broken the Sextant Double D was using. Ed and Eddy have a good laugh over the name leaving Double D embarrassed. The Eds navigate through the sunflowers and make their way to the Gag Factory. Rolf enters the meadow the Eds crossed into. He stops to take a drink of milk from a cow, only to discover the drawing that Ed made on one of the cow's udders. Rolf continues his search, but cant go far after losing track of Wilfred. The Eds break into the Gag Factory only to find that the Gag Factory has been closed for over a decade. Double D makes his way to a second story whilst Ed and Eddy play with the prank items. Double D is unable to find anything in the filing cabinets and he marks the office with more advisory stickers. He exits the office to find the factory is empty. But out from the shades come Eddy and Ed with utensils lodged through their heads. Double D is horrified only to fid out it's a cruel prank from Eddy and Ed. As an apology, Ed offers a can of jelly beans. Double D uncovers the lid, and fake snakes explode from the canister. Raining all over Nazz and Kevin. Kevin finds the snakes lead to the Gag Factory and makes his way there. Wilfred is peacefully snacking on sausages until he is called by Rolf. Rolf tries to lure him out, shoe at the ready, putting Wilfred into a frenzy. Wilfred attacks Rolf and runs off free. Rolf emerges from his supplies with his head stuck in a meat grinder. The Eds hike through the woods surrounded by the gag snakes. Until they hear a distress call from Double D dangling over a waterfall. Ed throws Eddy at Double D causing them both to fall into the water. Eddy fished Double D out using his upper lip. Mentioning that his brother is a whaler and showed him how to harpoon. With this in mind, Double D decides to navigate down the lake hoping to lead to Eddy's Brother. Sarah and Jimmy are put to work pulling the wagon of The Kankers. Planning to defect, Sarah compliments Lee's toenail polish. Sarah is given the bucket of red paint Lee uses for her toenail. Sarah smashes Lee's hand with the bucket and she escapes with Jimmy. Johnny and Plank sprint through the city still searching for the Eds. Plank drags Johnny to a bus stop where they decide to take a bus to the Eds. Kevin and Nazz enter the Gag Factory, and Nazz points out the lights of the office. He and Nazz burst in where they find a label that reads "Dusty, Dusty, Dusty." Nazz falls through the floor and turns on the lever of a generator. Nazz attempts to retrieve Kevin's bike which was snagged by a a machine. Only to be taken up with the machine. At the last second Kevin grabs the bike, only to fall in with Nazz. The Eds have constructed a duck resembling a duck. Double D begins the christening ceremony for the "S.S Mutant Almost a Chicken Duck." The bottle doesn't manage to break on the boat however, and they sail down the lake. The Kankers go into the Sunflower Field where Jimmy and Sarah are hiding under two big leaves. Sarah distracts the Kankers by flicking a Ladybug and they climb down. Jimmy and Sarah crawl their way back, only to encounter Wilfred itching himself on a sunflower. Using a caramel apple, they ride Wilfred and exit the field. A bus finally arrives for Johnny and he boards the bus. He quickly loses Plank however and begins to fret. He maneuvers to the front of the bus where he sees that Plank is somehow driving the bus. The Ed's ship has crashed into a tree in the middle of the swamp. Double D argues about Eddy and Ed's immaturity only to be interrupted by more of Ed's horseplay. Double D struggles to find Eddy and Ed, discovering that they are sinking in quicksand. Double D desperately makes an attempt to rescue them, coming back to the pit to find they have already sunk. Double D mourns for them, only to soon find they haven't truly sank. Double D walks back home furious, further complaining about Eddy's carelessness. Double D and Eddy fight each other, resulting in Double D storming home and facing the consequences. Eddy breaks down acceptant of the fact that he had caused this whole hardship. Double D returns with a light hearted gag, and they officially become friends again. Double D leads them back to the direction of Eddy's Brother and they continue until sunset. Nazz and Kevin are dumped into the swamp where Kevin cleans the mud off of his bike. Nazz becomes fed up with Kevin not paying any attention to her and she prepares a fire. nazz distances herself from Kevin until he sweetens her up again. Only to make her furious again by Kevin bringing his bike into the warmth. Nazz throws Kevin's bike into a tree out of rage and she ends up in trouble from The Kankers. Rolf blindly goes around the streets and the swamp defending himself from trees. He is then run over by The Kanker's wagon, bursting the meat grinder open. The Kankers then kidnap Rolf. Double D gathers some fireflies into a glass jar, lighting up their nightly walk. They each start getting sleepy, and they rest in a roadside ditch decorated with Tiki heads and palm trees. Double D begins labeling the area and the two get to sleep. The next day, Kevin walks his bike to a grass area where he finds a silhouette of what looks like Eddy. This turns out to be a foil from Marie, and he speeds into their ambush. The bike crashes and it falls into disrepair. The Eds awake and Ed suggests they get breakfast. Ed and Eddy run for breakfast over a cliff and they all fall into a dormant Ferris Wheel. They are propelled from the Ferris Wheel into the sign of "Mondo-A -Go Go." The Eds run around the park frantically in search of Eddy's Brother. Their search leads to a Whale shaped Trailer. Double D points out that Eddy's Brother was once a whailer and they find out this is his home. Jimmy and Sarah use Wilfred as transport downtown, and Wilfred leads them to Mondo-a- Go Go. Before the Eds could go inside, The Kankers show up and uncover all the kids tied up. Jimmy and Sarah arrive with Wilfred right as Kevin attempts to beat them up. Eddy knocks on the door of the trailer, wherein Eddy mentions the kids's intentions to beat them up. Eddy's Brother steps out and Eddy introduces him to Double D. From here Eddy's Brother begins harassing Eddy. This gets Lee and the others upset, leading to Ed giving a blow to Eddy's Brother with his own front door. Revealing that Eddy's Brother can't hold his own in a fight after all. Eddy admits that he exaggerated everything he had said about his brother in order to come off as cool. Double D accepts Eddy's confession and the others honor Eddy. Johnny steps out of the bus and beats up the Eds. Resulting in the kids maiming Johnny. Kevin treats the Eds to free Jawbreakers, Jimmy sings the Friend Song, and The Kankers begin kissing Eddy's Brother. After the Credits, Johnny turns to the dark side as "The Gourd." Exacting revenge on the Cul-De-Sac for beating him up. But Plank informs him that the movie has already ended leaving Johnny confused saying "What Movie!?" The End.
tt0081915
Comedy
This live stage version adds a dose of mildly adult double-entendre to the format familiar later as the children's TV show "Pee-Wee's Playhouse." Pee-Wee (Paul Reubens), in his fantastical odd-angles playhouse, is visited by puppet characters and cartoonish human friends, who conduct satirical 'educational' skits such as "Pen Pals From Around The World" with Mailman Mike (John Moody), a risque hypnosis of a female audience volunteer (Joan Leizman), and a one-guitar salute to Sly Stone hits by Mr. and Mrs. Jelly Donut (Brian Seff and Monica Ganas). Between the skits we are presented a story in which Pee-Wee gets a precious wish awarded to him by Jambi, the head-in-a-box genie (John Paragon), but then must decide whether to use it to help his old sea salt buddy Kap'n Karl (Phil Hartman) win the love of the captivating Miss Yvonne (Lynne Marie Stewart). Recorded at the Pantages theater in L.A.
tt0090178
Drama,Horror
Titus Andronicus: A revenge/horror/tragedy play. After the Goths are defeated in battle, Titus, the general of the Roman Army, sacrifices the eldest son of Tamora, the queen of the Goths. Tamora vows revenge. The sons of the old Roman Emperor, Saturninus and Bassianus, both want to be Emperor of Rome - Titus chooses Saturninus. Saturninus wants to marry Titus' daughter, Lavinia, but she runs away and marries his brother, Bassianus. Lavinia's brothers, Titus' sons, protect her. Titus, feeling he has been disgraced, kills one of his own sons for protecting Lavinia. Saturninus, angry that Lavinia ran away, marries Tamora, queen of the Goths. Everyone goes hunting. Tamora, her sons and Aaron, a black moor and Tamoras secret lover, meet Lavinia and Bassianus in the forest. Tamora's sons kill Bassianus, then rape Lavinia, cut off her hands and cut out her tongue. Aaron tells Saturninus that two of Titus' sons murdered his brother, Bassianus. Saturninus condemns Titus sons to death. Marcus, Titus' brother, finds Lavinia and gives a 47 line speech lamenting her missing body parts rather than giving her first-aid. Aaron tells Titus that his sons will not die for the murder of Bassianus if he chops off his own hand and sends it to Emperor Saturninus. Titus does so but Aaron returns with a box containing Titus' hand and the heads of his two sons. Tamora has a baby whose father is Aaron, not Emperor Saturninus. Aaron cares for the baby but kills the nurse and the mid-wife to keep the secret. Finally, Titus finds out that it was Tamora's sons who had raped and mutilated Lavinia. He captures Tamora's sons, kills them, chops them up into little pieces, bakes them into a pie and invites Tamora and Emperor Saturninus to a special dinner party and serves them the pie. Then, in front of Tamora and Emperor Saturninus, Titus kills his daughter, Lavinia, to end her dishonor. After Tamora finds out she has eaten her own sons in a pie, Titus kills her. Saturninus then kills Titus. Lucius, Titus' oldest and only remaining son, then kills Saturninus. Lucius becomes the new Roman Emperor. Aaron is buried up to his neck in the ground and left to starve to death. Lucius cares for Aaron's baby. All in all, 14 people die in this very bloody play.
tt0105221
Action
Jonathan Raven, along with his veteran pal, "Ski", a duo take on a number of life-threatening challenges ranging from common thugs to the mysterious ancient Japanese cult of malignant assassins, the Black Dragon. When Jonathon Raven was twelve years old, his parents were killed by the Black Dragon. He trained with them for many years in the deadly martial arts with the hopes of learning and mastering their lethal skill and then using it against them for vengeance. Although he succeeded in infiltrating them, the Black Dragon are many in number, and are now bent on destroying Raven's bloodline. His one true love, a beautiful Japanese woman named Aki, becomes pregnant with their son at the same time the Black Dragon clan is after Raven's life. Aki unfortunately dies shortly after giving birth to their son, but before she passes away, she realizes that her son's life is in danger. Jonathon learns of his wife's plan of hiding their son from imperilment, but sadly never gets to see him or attain the knowledge of his location. Later on, he joins the U.S. Special Forces and becomes one of their top assassins under a man named Nick Henderson. After many complications and regrets, Raven leaves the Special Forces and continues his search for his long-lost son. His search eventually leads him to Honolulu, Hawaii, where he believes his son may be. Raven is on a life-long journey in search of his son, and is willing to risk his life along the way, with the aid of his old military buddy, a drunken private investigator named Herman "Ski" Jablonski, to find him and ensure the safety of his life.
tt0128995
Animation,Family
In this prelude to the television series, "The Raccoons," Bert, Melissa and Ralph Raccoon have their home stolen when Tommy and Julie cut down their home for a Christmas tree. Eventually, they discover that Cyril Sneer is the mastermind behind the deforestation of of the Evergreen Forest and they confront him and his son, Cedric who eventually relents. In a dream sequence, the Raccoons appear toTommy and Julie, and they begin to realize that they've done wrong in cutting down their home. They rectify the situation and proceed to enjoy the Christmas holiday with their dad, Dan the Forest Ranger.
tt0090608
Drama
This three-part miniseries begins with elderly Lady Slane (Wendy Hiller) sitting watchfully by the deathbed of her husband. Tended by her equally aged French maid Genoux (Eileen Way), who has served her faithfully for a lifetime, Lady Slane deals with a succession of advice from her large flock of middle-aged children. The family is chagrined by, but honors, her choice to live a modest country retirement at some distance, in Hampstead Heath. Lady Slane competently comes to terms to lease and restore a crumbling house, aided by an aging land agent Gervase Bucktrout (Maurice Denham). Once settled, an acquaintance from 50 years past, Mr. Fitzgeorge (Harry Andrews), visits the cottage to rekindle memories of their brief, deep, but unfulfilled brush as soul-mates in colonial India when Lady Slane was a devoted young wife and mother. Great-granddaughter Deborah (Jane Snowden), who has been trapped by a socially desirable but passionless engagement, regularly visits to confide and seek wisdom. Through many golden months, the close circle of friends that has formed meets regularly to the last for tea, laughter, and reflections on the philosophy of life.
tt0072854
Drama
John Gunther, a well-known author, travels to Deerfield Academy in 1946 to visit his teenage son Johnny. On the way in, he stops to watch hockey practice and chat with the headmaster. Johnny leaves practice long enough to greet his father, then rushes back to the dormitory. Father and son go out to dinner and try to make up for lost time. John is frequently away and feels guilty for not spending more time with Johnny, who is an outgoing, friendly boy. He is a good student, especially in chemistry, but has difficulty organizing his time. Some time later, John is at home in New York City when he receives a phone call from the school physician. Johnny is in the infirmary and the doctor thinks he has a brain tumor. John and his ex-wife Frances leave at once for Deerfield, stopping on the way to pick up Dr. Tracy Putnam, a neurologist. It is late at night when they arrive. Johnny has not been told anything and tries to make light of the situation. But he is obviously frightened. After examining him, Dr. Putnam orders that he be taken by ambulance to a hospital in New York. While waiting for a diagnosis, John immerses himself in research on brain tumors. His relationship with Frances is very strained, although they manage to pull together for Johnny's sake. After surgery, it is revealed that Johnny's tumor is a glioma blastoma multiforme. Dr. Putnam got all he could but he could not entirely remove the tumor. The only treatment is radiation. John and Frances begin a search for alternative treatments. Johnny is upset because he cannot return to school. He is self-conscious about his appearance, since his head is shaved and he must wear a turban-like bandage. His parents tell him that he has a brain tumor but not of the grim prognosis. The Gunthers spend the summer at their beach house in Connecticut. Johnny sets up a chemistry lab and works on experiments. His parents give a party to which many young people are invited, including his friend Mary. Johnny wistfully watches from the sidelines as Mary dances. Among the alternative treatments pursued by John and Frances is mustard gas, which is supposed to be effective on brain tumors. The first treatment made Johnny so ill that he is hospitalized for the second one. Johnny is dismayed to learn that his next alternative treatment is the Gerson diet, which is strictly vegetarian. His doctors argue that the diet will not work but the tumor is growing back. Dr. Putnam wants to operate again. Before he can do so, the tumor begins to drain and seems to disappear altogether. Johnny's condition drastically improves and his parents are overjoyed. For a while he enjoys a more normal life. He and Mary go sailing and later she spends Christmas Eve with him in his parents' apartment. Even though Johnny is missing his senior year of prep school, he insists on taking the entrance exams for Harvard. But then his tumor begins to grow again. Dr. Putnam operates but the tumor is spreading rapidly. Nothing more can be done. John and Frances thank him for all he has done for Johnny. The Gerson diet is abandoned and Johnny can eat anything he wants to. He and Mary exchange graduation gifts and share their first kiss. The Deerfield headmaster calls with an invitation for Johnny to attend graduation and receive a diploma. By this time he has difficulty walking. The family travels to Deerfield for the ceremony. When Johnny's name is called, a wave of applause sweeps the auditorium and continues during his walk down the aisle. He is also given a standing ovation. Back in New York, Frances takes a brief vacation. Johnny is unusually affectionate around his father, as if he knows the end is not far off. After Frances returns, the family spend a happy evening together. In a voice-over, John explains that his son died on June 30, 1947.
tt0084875
Drama
A successful lawyer struck with blindness in middle age continues his battles in the courtroom with the assistance of his family. As his son deals with bitter memories of their relationship, he also seeks his father's respect and love and in the process learns to love in return.
tt0092046
Adventure,Comedy,Family
Discover the adorable, fun-filled world of the Muppet Bunnies! This new treasure from Jim Henson Video is a timeless musical adventure starring the original hip-hop generation! As they get ready for their annual Bunny Picnic, Bean, a young, imaginative bunny eager to help, is told he's too little. Hurt, he wanders off into the lettuce patch where he comes face to face with the grumpy old farmer's junk yard dog! Bean runs and warns the others but no one believes him. Undaunted, little Bean helps the Muppet Bunnies in a big, big way! Join Bean and all these wonderful characters for an experience your kids will enjoy!
tt0125534
Comedy,Romance
This production is in the style of Italian commedia dell'arte. In Padua, a rich young man, Lucentio, arrives with his servants, Tranio and Biondello, to attend the local university. Lucentio is excited to begin his studies, but his priorities change when he sees the beautiful Bianca with whom Lucentio instantly falls in love. There are two problems: first, Bianca already has two suitors, Gremio and Hortensio; second, Bianca's father, a wealthy old man named Baptista, has declared that no one may court Bianca until first her older sister, the ill-tempered Katherine, is married. Lucentio decides to overcome this problem by disguising himself as Bianca's tutor as an excuse to be in her company. Hortensio also disguises himself, but as her music teacher, for the same reason. While Lucentio pretends to be Bianca's tutor, Tranio dresses up as Lucentio and begins to confer with Baptista about the possibility of marrying his daughter. The Katherine problem is solved for Bianca's suitors when Hortensio's friend Petruccio, a brash young man from Verona, arrives in Padua to find a wife. He intends to marry a rich woman and does not care what she is like as long as she will bring him a fortune. He agrees to marry Katherine sight unseen. The next day, he goes to Baptista's house to meet her, and they have a tremendous duel of words. As Katherine insults Petruccio repeatedly, Petruccio tells her that he will marry her whether she agrees or not. He tells Baptista, falsely, that Katherine has consented to marry him on Sunday. Hearing this claim, Katherine is strangely silent, and the wedding is set. Petruccio is late to his own wedding, leaving Katherine to fear she will become an old maid. When Petruccio arrives, he is dressed in a ridiculous outfit. After the wedding, Petruccio forces Katherine to leave for his country house before the feast, telling all in earshot that she is now his property and that he may do with her as he pleases. Once they reach his house, Petruccio continues the process of taming Katherine by keeping her from eating or sleepinghe pretends that he loves her so much he cannot allow her to eat his inferior food or to sleep in his poorly made bed. In Padua, Lucentio wins Bianca's heart by wooing her with a Latin poem that declares his love. Hortensio makes the same attempt with music, but Bianca loves Lucentio, and Hortensio resolves to marry a wealthy widow. Tranio secures Baptista's approval for Lucentio to marry Bianca by proposing a huge sum of money to lavish on her. Baptista agrees but says that he must have this sum confirmed by Lucentio's father before the marriage can take place. Tranio and Lucentio, still in their respective disguises, feel there is nothing left to do but find an old man to play the role of Lucentio's father. Tranio enlists the help of an old teacher, but as he deals with Baptista, Lucentio and Bianca decide to elope. Katherine and Petruccio soon return to Padua to visit Baptista. On the way, Petruccio forces Katherine to say that the sun is the moon and that an old man is really a beautiful young maiden. Since Katherine's willfulness is dissipating, she agrees that all is as her husband says. On the road, the couple meets Lucentios father, Vincentio, who is on his way to Padua to see his son. In Padua, Vincentio is shocked to find Tranio masquerading as Lucentio. At last, Bianca and Lucentio arrive to spread the news of their marriage. Both Vincentio and Baptista finally agree to the marriage. At the banquet following Hortensio's wedding to the widow, the other characters are shocked to see that Katherine seems to have been tamed. When the three new husbands stage a contest to see which of their wives will obey first when summoned, everyone expects Lucentio to win. Bianca, as does the widow, sends a message back refusing to obey, while Katherine comes immediately. She gives a long speech advocating the loyalty of wives to their husbands and the others acknowledge that Petruccio has won an astonishing victory. The happy Katherine and Petruccio leave the banquet to go to bed.
tt1935859
Adventure,Drama,Fantasy
Florida teen Jake Portman (Asa Butterfield) feels he lives a mundane life. One day at work, he gets a phone call regarding his grandfather Abe (Terence Stamp). Jake calls Abe himself, and the old man sounds frightened and paranoid. Jake's supervisor Shelley (O-Lan Jones) gives him a ride to Abe's house. As they make it to Abe's house, Jake and Shelley see a man with white eyes (Samuel L. Jackson) standing in the road menacingly. Jake enters Abe's house to find it ransacked. Outside in the woods, Jake finds Abe's flashlight with blood on it. Abe is lying on the ground with his eyes missing. He is conscious long enough to warn Jake of something awful. Abe dies, and a monstrous creature starts walking toward Jake. Shelley emerges with her gun, and Jake alerts her to the creature behind her. She starts shooting, but she sees nothing. Later on, Jake visits his psychologist Dr. Golan (Allison Janney) to talk about how he's felt since his grandfather's passing. He knows it was no accident, despite the coroner stating that Abe had a heart attack. We see a flashback of Jake as a child with Abe telling him fantastical stories about encountering monsters and other oddities. He would tell Jake about a group home for children run by Miss Peregrine (Eva Green), a mysterious Englishwoman who, along with the other children there, have strange abilities that she kept living with her. Jake's aunt gives him a book from Abe from Ralph Waldo Emerson, which contains a postcard from Miss Peregrine welcoming him to return. Her home is on an island called Cairnholm, located in Wales. With encouragement from Dr. Golan, Jake convinces his parents to allow him to go there and visit Miss Peregrine. Jake travels with his father Franklin (Chris O'Dowd), who didn't have the best relationship with Abe, his father. On the ferry to the island, the two spot a peregrine falcon flying up above. Jake jokes that it must be Miss Peregrine herself, so he calls to her. Upon arriving at the island, Jake and Franklin stay at an old pub that also has a room. Franklin then pays two local boys to guide Jake to the side of the island that he wants to see. When Jake gets there, he finds that the home has been destroyed. He returns to the pub disappointed, believing Miss Peregrine and the children to be long dead. The next day, Jake goes back around to the home and finds a group of children there. He gets spooked and runs away, where he ends up tripping and knocking himself unconscious. He wakes up to find himself being carried by a little girl named Bronwyn (Pixie Davies), who possesses incredible strength. Jake then meets the children that Abe told him about - Emma (Ella Purnell), a girl who can manipulate air and must wear lead shoes to keep her from floating away; Olive (Lauren McCrostie), a girl with pyrokinetic abilites; Hugh (Milo Parker), a boy who has bees living inside him; Millard (Cameron King), an invisible boy; and two masked twins (Joseph and Thomas Odwell). The children guide Jake through a cave, but he gets spooked and runs away. Jake returns to the pub and finds it filled with customers. The manager doesn't let him up and threatens him when the other suspect Jake of being a spy. The peculiar children arrive and intervene to get Jake out of there. He quickly realized he is stuck in the 1943 loop for now. Jake is then brought to meet Miss Peregrine herself. She introduces him to the remaining children - Fiona (Georgia Pemberton), a girl who control plants; Claire (Raffiella Chapman), a girl with a mouth in the back of her head; Horace (Hayden Keeler-Stone), a boy with prophetic dreams; and Enoch (Finlay McMillan), who has the power to bring back the dead for a brief time. He shows off this talent using two small skeletal puppets with tiny hearts that fight each other for a short moment. Enoch is jealous because he likes Emma and knows Jake does too, but Emma had feelings for Abe, and he left long ago. Miss Peregrine explains to Jake that they live in a time loop, which keeps them from the outside world but allows them to live in peace. They are stuck on September 3, 1943, during the WWII raids, moments before a bomb would drop on the house and kill everyone, but Miss Peregrine sets the clock back to 24 hours earlier. They cannot live outside the loop, or else their years will catch up to them and they will die. Jake joins Miss Peregrine and the children for dinner. Afterwards, they are treated to Horace's dreams that they watch like movies. They see a woman (Judi Dench) being wheeled away by villainous men, as well as Jake and Emma looking like they're about to kiss (making it super awkward in the room). After the show, Miss Peregrine brings the children outside and shows Jake how the loop works when German planes fly overhead and drop a bomb, but she resets the clock to 24 hours earlier, taking them back to September 2nd. Jake follows Emma into a cave asking questions about everything he's just heard and seen, but Emma says there are some questions she can't answer. A bird then flies into the cave and hits the wall. Emma brings it back to the home to be treated. When Jake returns to meet his dad, they are called over by a farmer whose sheep have all been killed. They return to the pub, and Jake finds a letter that Abe wrote to Miss Peregrine warning her about someone named Mr. Barron, and to tell Miss Avocet, another headmistress of a home for Peculiars, to create a new loop immediately. The next morning, Jake and Franklin hit the beach and meet an ornithologist (Rupert Everett) looking out for rare birds for a book he plans on writing. Jake later sneaks out while Franklin takes a nap so he can return to the home. Miss Peregrine is treating the bird, who is really Miss Avocet, the same woman seen in Horace's dream, and an Ymbryne just like Miss Peregrine (meaning they can take the form of birds). Jake questions Miss Peregrine about Barron, but she avoids giving answers. Jake then runs into Enoch and Olive. Enoch brings Jake over to the room of Victor (Louis Davison), Bronwyn's brother who was killed by the same creature as Abe. His eyes are missing, and Enoch reanimates him like a puppet to freak Jake out. Emma takes Jake to her secret hideout, which is a sunken ship deep beneath the ocean. She blows him an air bubble and then blows the water out of the ship. Emma shows Jake photos of pale-eyed people, including Barron, whom Jake recognizes as the man outside Abe's house the night he died. Afterwards, she brings Jake to watch Miss Peregrine walk with her crossbow over by a spot with a chalk outline of a creature. A tall, eyeless monster like the one Jake saw in the woods emerges, but it is only visible to him. Miss Peregrine shoots the creature with an arrow, and it falls perfectly into the outline. Emma realizes that Jake's peculiarity is being able to see these monsters. Back at the home, Emma brings Miss Peregrine her book to explain to Jake who these creatures are. Barron and his cronies are Hollowgasts (or just "Hollows"), a different group of Peculiars that hunt the good ones in order to live beyond the loops for all eternity. Barron performed an experiment using Miss Avocet due to her Ymbryne powers, but it backfired and turned him and the other Hollows into hideous monsters. They managed to return to their human forms by consuming the eyes of Peculiars. Miss Peregrine walks into a room where the children are sitting by Miss Avocet, who has taken her human form. Fearing that Barron will come after the children, she decides it is time to leave and find a new home and loop. Jake returns by the beach and finds Franklin worried sick. A wheelchair-bound man that they had met earlier is found dead by the rocks with his eyes taken out. Jake runs away and is followed into the cave by the ornithologist. He then takes the form of Dr. Golan before revealing himself to be Barron. He turns his hand into a blade and holds it to Jake's throat in order to make him do his bidding. Barron forces Jake to take him to the home. Miss Peregrine finds them and tells the children to retreat for their safety, knowing that Barron is waiting for his Hollow friend to go after them, and with Jake being able to see them, he is their only hope for survival. She asks Jake to promise that he will look after the children should anything happen to her. He agrees, and she turns into her bird form so that Barron may cage her. Jake and Miss Avocet help keep the children hidden in darkness for when the Hollow shows up. Jake then answers the phone to hear a call from Abe in 1943. Jake takes the time to say he wished he could have been a better grandson. As Miss Avocet is telling the children what to do, she is pulled through a wall by the Hollow. Jake guides the children to safety and fights the Hollow with Miss Peregrine's crossbow, but he misses every shot. Eventually, the German plane drops the bomb on the house, killing the Hollow. The loop then closes for good, and the children can never return to that home. The children work together to raise Emma's ship to the surface so they may head over to the Blackpool Tower, where there is another loop. Since this loop was created in January 2016, Jake and Emma realize that if they kill Barron there, they may be able to prevent Abe's death from happening. They all arrive at the pier and go through a haunted house where the Hollows are set to perform their experiment with Miss Peregrine and other Ymbrynes. Jake and Emma lure some Hollows outside toward the pier. Once the Hollows reach the pier, the children fight back. They start throwing snowballs and cotton candy at the Hollows to allow them to be seen. Enoch brings some skeletons to life, which go after the Hollows and start slaying them. Bronwyn grabs a horse off the merry-go-round and hurls it at a Hollow, throwing him into the water. The other children fight Barron and his two Hollow friends in their lair. The male Hollow tries to freeze Bronwyn under a pool of water, but Fiona stops him by throwing seeds at him that sprout vines that wrap around him. Olive frees Bronwyn, but the Hollow starts to freeze Olive up. Enoch brings an elephant puppet to life and uses it to crush the Hollow. The female Hollow is turned to stone by the twins when they remove their masks and stare at her. Enoch apologizes to Olive for not appearing to care for her as much when it looks like she's dead, but she is revived and happy to hear what Enoch said. Jake and Emma attempt to fight Barron, but he is immune to their attacks. Jake frees the Ymbrynes and pisses Barron off. Emma and Enoch find Jake, but Barron has also taken Jake's form to trick them. Jake is able to prove himself when he spots the last Hollow walking behind them. He picks up Barron-Jake as he tries to convince the Hollow who he really is, but he plucks out Barron's eyes and kills him. Enoch throws Jake the crossbow, which he uses to kill the Hollow. The children then leave on the ship to stay within their loop, but Jake knows it means he cannot see them again. Upon returning to Florida, Jake goes by Abe's house and sees that he's still alive. He tells Abe all about his time with Miss Peregrine and the children. Abe gives Jake the Emerson book, which contains a lot of money in it, for his "travels." Jake is running on the docks to catch up to the children's ship. He finds Emma and explains to her that he's had to go through different loops in different cities over different years, but she stops him and kisses him. As he joins them on their adventure, Miss Peregrine flies by and stops at a tower. She finds the children and flies over to their ship.
tt2395427
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
In the Eastern European country of Sokovia, the Avengers - Tony Stark / Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr), Steve Rogers / Captain America (Chris Evans), Thor (Chris Hemsworth), Bruce Banner / Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), Natasha Romanoff / Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson), and Clint Barton / Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner) - raid a Hydra outpost commanded by Baron Wolfgang von Strucker (Thomas Kretschmann), who has been experimenting on humans using the sceptre previously wielded by Loki. They encounter two of Strucker's experiments: the Maximoff twins Pietro (Aaron Taylor-Johnson), who has superhuman speed, and Wanda (Elizabeth Olsen), who has telekinetic abilities, and can manipulate minds and project energy. Rogers captures Strucker, while Stark retrieves the sceptre after Wanda implants a fear-filled vision of a bleak possible future in his mind. Back at the team's headquarters - Avengers Tower (formerly Stark Tower) - Stark and Banner discover an artificial intelligence within the sceptre's gem, and secretly plan to use it to complete Stark's "Ultron" global defence program. After many failed attempts, they leave for a victory party to celebrate the recapture of the sceptre. Unbeknownst to them, the program comes to life... The unexpectedly sentient Ultron (James Spader) awakens, believing that he must eradicate humanity to save the Earth, and overwhelms Stark's AI, JARVIS (Paul Bettany). In the guise of one of Stark's Iron Legion robot drones, Ultron attacks the Avengers as they relax together after their party. Escaping with the sceptre, Ultron uses the resources in Strucker's Sokovia base to upgrade his rudimentary body and build an army of robot drones. After killing Strucker, he then meets and recruits the Maximoff twins, who hold Stark responsible for their parents' deaths due to weapons manufactured by his company. The trio goes to the base of arms dealer Ulysses Klaue (Andy Serkis) in an African shipyard to obtain Wakandan vibranium. The Avengers pursue them there, but Wanda subdues all of them except Stark and Barton with haunting visions, causing Banner as the Hulk to rampage through a nearby city until Stark stops him with his Hulk-buster armour. A worldwide backlash over the resulting destruction and the fears incited by Wanda's hallucinations send the team into hiding at Barton's safehouse, where they meet his wife and children, who had been kept a secret from all of them except Romanoff. Seeing no answers to be found there, Thor departs to consult with his friend Dr Erik Selvig (Stellan Skarsgard) on the meaning of the apocalyptic future he saw in his hallucination, while Romanoff and Banner discuss the possibility of fleeing together after realising their mutual attraction. However, Nick Fury (Samuel L Jackson) arrives and encourages the team to fight back and stop Ultron. In Seoul, Ultron forces the Avengers' friend and ally Dr. Helen Cho (Claudia Kim) to use her synthetic-tissue technology, together with vibranium and the sceptre's gem, to perfect a new body for him. As Ultron uploads himself into the synthetic body, Wanda is then able to read his mind, and discovers his plan to annihilate humanity. Horrified, the Maximoffs turn on Ultron and join forces with Rogers to distract him while Romanoff and Barton retrieve the synthetic body. However, Ultron captures Romanoff while Barton reluctantly takes the body back to Stark and Banner at Avengers Tower, followed by Rogers and the twins. The Avengers fight amongst themselves when Stark secretly uploads JARVIS - who is still operational after hiding from Ultron deep within the Internet - into the synthetic body. Thor returns to help activate the body, explaining that the gem on its brow - one of the six Infinity Stones, the most powerful objects in existence - was part of his vision. This "Vision" (Paul Bettany) - proving himself a worthy ally by effortlessly lifting Thor's hammer Mjolnir - and the Maximoff twins accompany the Avengers back to Sokovia, where Ultron has used the remaining vibranium to build a machine to lift a large part of the capital city skyward, intending to crash it into the ground and cause global extinction. Banner rescues Romanoff, who pushes him into a pit to rouse the Hulk for the battle. The Avengers face off against Ultron's army of drones, while Fury arrives in a Helicarrier with Maria Hill (Cobie Smulders), James Rhodes / War Machine (Don Cheadle) and other SHIELD agents to evacuate the civilians. While the other Avengers go to help with the evacuation, Wanda accepts the task to guard the machine from activation by Ultron's drones. However Ultron steals the Avengers' Quinjet and goes on a strafing run in a desperate attempt to stop the evacuation. Pietro is killed when he shields Barton from Ultron's gunfire. The Hulk leaps into the Quinjet and forcibly evicts Ultron - leaving him vulnerable to a vengeful Wanda, who abandons her post to destroy Ultron's primary body. This then allows one of his drones to activate the machine. The city begins to plummet, but Stark and Thor overload the machine and destroy the landmass, with the Vision swooping in to rescue Wanda. The Hulk, unwilling to endanger Romanoff by being with her, departs in the Quinjet, while the Vision confronts and destroys Ultron's last remaining body. Later, the Avengers have established a new base run by Fury, Hill, Cho, and Selvig. Barton returns home to his family, and Thor returns to Asgard to learn more about the forces which he suspects have manipulated recent events, while Stark also leaves the team. Rogers and Romanoff prepare to train the new team of Avengers: James Rhodes, the Vision, Sam Wilson / Falcon (Anthony Mackie), and Wanda. In a mid-credits scene, Thanos, dissatisfied by the failures of his pawns, dons the Infinity Gauntlet and vows to retrieve the Infinity Stones personally...
tt2381111
Drama,Romance
The movie opens in the year 1951 in Enniscorthy, a medium-sized town in County Wexford in southeast Ireland. Eilis Lacy (Saoirse Ronan) (pronounced EYE-lish) is a young woman in her early 20s who seems unhappy as she prays in church with her mother Mary (Jane Brennan) and older sister Rose (Fiona Glascott). She then goes to work at a bakery store, run by the mean old Mrs. Kelly (Brid Brennan), who is very judgmental and critical. Eilis, who had tried to talk to Mrs. Kelly before her shift started but was rebuked, tells her that she is going to America. Her sister contacted a priest in America to sponsor her. She says she can work until she leaves, but is not permitted to do so. Mrs. Kelly guilts her for leaving her sister behind to take care of their mother for the rest of her life. Eilis is at home at dinner with her mother and Rose, who does not think so highly of Mrs. Kelly either. They talk about the weather and about Eilis buying clothes. That evening, Eilis meets up with her best friend Nancy (Eileen O'Higgins). They discuss boys, particularly one boy, George (Peter Campion), who seems to like Nancy. Eilis admits that she didn't put in more effort because she's going away soon. While the two girls are at a social, they awkwardly stand off to the side while couples dance. George comes over to Nancy and asks her to dance. Eilis watches then and then leaves. As Eilis is packing, Rose is surprised that she owns so little and wishes she looked after her better. This is part of the reason why Rose is sending her, because she can't buy Eilis a future. Eilis sets sail while her mother and sister watch, though their mother leaves early. Eilis and Rose cry while they blow each other a kiss. The ship appears to be full of mostly young people, being sent off by the older ones. On the ship, Eilis finds her room, with a bathroom being shared by two girls next door. Her roommate, Georgina (Eva Birthistle), soon comes in to kick her off of the bottom bunk. She declares the cabin Hell and that she should not have come home from America, claiming that she has already traveled to the USA and back to Ireland and is now going back to stay. She invites Eilis out of the room for a cigarette, who refuses saying that she doesn't smoke. Georgina tells Eilis she'll be back soon, unless she finds a man from first class to smoke with. Later, Eilis is the only one eating in the dining hall. She gets sick in the middle of the night and desperately has to use the bathroom, but the other girls had locked it from their side. She leaves her cabin and is forced to use a mop bucket to defecate in and when she comes back to the room, she throws up in a bucket there as well. When Eilis wakes up, her roommate is taking care of her. Georgina forces her way into their bathroom and then blocks the others using it with her suitcase. She then goes to get Eilis water. A day or two later, Eilis and Georgina talk outside on the ship's deck about her going to America. She is feeling better, as it's been hours since she's eaten. Her roommate tells her about America, what it's like, about letters, and how she'll meet people easily where she'll be living, in Brooklyn. When Eilis is eating again, her roommate is shocked by how pale and sick she still looks. She tries to dress her up so she won't be quarantined once she arrives. At immigration, Eilis looks quite different and lovely. Georgina's voice-over tells her how to get through, which involves thinking like an American. As Eilis steps out of a blue door, she is bathed in light. Eilis finds her new place, which is a boarding house where four other young Irish women live, which is run by the delightful gossipy, Mrs. Kehoe (Julie Walters). Eilis walks to Bartocci's, the department store where she now works. As she is putting her stuff away in her cubby locker, she is approached by another girl who tries to strike up a conversation. It's not just other girls Eilis is awkward with, but customers as well. She is told by her supervisor Miss Fortini (Jessica Pare) that she has to treat every customer like a new friend. Eilis keeps to herself and seems awkward. It is clear she misses home. On the day, Eilis had forgotten to check for mail, it turns out she had gotten letters from home. As soon as dinner is done she rushes up to read her letter, from Rose. She cries as she reads the letter. At work, a crying Eilis is still being watched by Miss Fortini. The supervisor asks her if she's crying because it's her time of the month, which it's not. She tells Eilis to take a few minutes off and sends her to the staff room. While there Eilis is approached by the Irish priest who had sponsored her, Father Flood (Jim Broadbent). He had been told she was doing so well that he didn't think she would need looking after. He lets her know that she has enrolled her in a bookkeeping night class at Brooklyn College. He says that they need Irish girls in Brooklyn, and she wishes she were back in Ireland. He assures her that she will feel wretched at first, but that it will then move on. The class does not seem to be an easy one, where they are learning about a Supreme Court case. Eilis is interested and doing well, though, and earnestly takes notes. During the break, a male classmate shares with her how hard he finds it. During dinner at the boarding house, they discuss their Christmas plans. Two of the brash women, Patty (Emily Bett Rickards) and Sheila (Nora-Jane Noone), make fun of Eilis, since she is going to be serving homeless men at the church who have no other place to go. At the church, Father Flood explains to Eilis when she asks that these men don't go home to Ireland because there is nothing there and they've lost touch. As a thank you, a man stands up to sing beautifully in Gaelic, which evokes emotion in Eilis as well as the other men. The music continues overhead during the film as the meal continues and is then cleaned up. Eilis walks home where she is greeted by Mrs. Kehoe. As the two have a drink, Mrs. Kehoe explains that with one girl leaving, Eilis will be offered the best room in the house, the basement, since she is pretty and sensible. The other girls indeed look differently at Eilis during the next dinner. Patty and Sheila will be going to the movies instead of to a dance. Mrs. Kehoe remarks that hopefully they will have better luck with their new boyfriends than the ones before. Eilis says she will take the new girl, Dolores (Jenn Murray), to the dance. Sure enough, the two girls just sit at an empty dance. Dolores talks about wanting to meet a guy. Patty and Sheila who had said they would go to the movies end up coming to the dance. They bring Eilis to the ladies room to put some lipstick on her and remarks that she looked like she had been milking cows. Eilis is dancing with a boy who is teaching her, though he quickly moves on to another girl. She is then approached by a boy, Tony (Emory Cohen), who had been watching her and they dance, including to a slow song. Tony asks Eilis where she lives and asks to walk her home. She says yes and then explains why, so he won't get the wrong idea. She points to Dolores and says that he'd be rescuing her from Dolores. While they're walking, he admits that he's not Irish, which she already knew. He explains that he's fully Italian-American. He came to the dance because he really likes Irish girls. Eilis makes him nervous as she teases him about if he danced with anyone else. Once Eilis arrives home, he asks to take her out on a date next week. She accepts and says goodnight. He watches her go in and leaves. While Tony and Eilis are out to eat on their first date, Eilis tells him about school and how she wants to be a bookkeeper and eventually an account. She wants to know about his plumbing work, but he would rather hear about bookkeeping, which she goes quite in depth about. She also tells him about Rose. She's been talking so much though that she hasn't eaten much. At the boarding house, Patty and Sheila are all knowingly smiling at Eilis. Mrs. Kehoe criticizes them and says Eilis is right not to say anything to those gossips. When they make fun of Tony's shoes, Mrs. Kehoe says she's going to ask the priest to talk about giddiness, the 8th deadly sin. Another time later, Tony is waiting outside of class for Eilis to take her home. While they're riding on the trolley together, he dances around the question before asking her if she wants to meet his family. He tells her Italian food is the best in the world, which she's never tried. They also make plans to go to the movies. At work, Eilis is now in a much better mood and easily talks to customers. Miss Fortini notices and says she's a different woman. Eilis offers it's because of Tony. Her supervisor says that since he doesn't talk about baseball or his mother too much she should keep him. At the boarding house, Patty and Sheila teach Eilis how to eat spaghetti, which she is trying to do with a fork and a spoon. Eilis writes to Rose about Tony, but asks that she not mention him to their mother. She tells Rose that he helps her feel like she has a life there that she didn't have before. Tony warns Eilis about his younger brother Frankie, who seems to be looking forward to causing trouble, though the family had tried to talk him out of it. At dinner, Eilis is much more of an expert at eating spaghetti, and even tells Tony's mother that she took classes. Frankie then bursts out that they don't like Irish people since one of his brothers got beaten up by an Irish street gang. He is then taken aside by their father. While Eilis shares how she is going to college for bookkeeping and working at the store, Frankie comes back to admit that he was a rude idiot, and they all applaud. One of Tony's brothers asks Eilis if Tony has talked to her about baseball, and they say that's how she'll see him in the summer if she goes with him. Tony is a Dodgers fan and jokes how it will be bad if their kids are Yankees or Giants fans. Frankie points out that Eilis isn't laughing and so must be a Yankees fan. Tony walks Eilis back home. Once they arrive, they hug goodnight. Tony says that he loves her. She thanks him for a lovely evening but is unable to say it back. While Eilis is looking at herself in the bathroom, another girl accidentally comes in. Eilis asks her why she isn't married, which turns out to be because her husband met somebody else and left her. When Eilis asks if she'd get married again, she says she, of course, would. Eilis isn't sure if somebody has asked her. The next time Eilis comes out of class, Tony isn't there. She is about to head home on her own when he shows up late. He seems awkward about last time and even though Eilis wants to talk about it, he changes the subject and talks about the job he had right before he came to that dance. She insists she talk though and lets him know that she loves him back. He was worried they were going to have a totally different kind of talk. Eilis asks him not to talk about their kids being Dodgers fans. Rose writes to Eilis, thanking her for her nylons and talking about her golf tournament. She can't wait to see her one day. Over dinner with their mother she is crying. Eilis brings her grades to Father Flood and says she has saved up enough money to pay for them on her own now, and to pay him back. He remarks how much she's changed. Mrs. Kehoe points out how Eilis is the first girl to have passed exams while living at her house. Eilis shares that Tony is taking her to Coney Island to celebrate. The girls tell her that she'll need to think carefully about her costume. Even Mrs. Kehoe agrees, since it'll be the most he'll have seen of her, and she won't want to turn him off. Eilis' supervisor helps her with bathing suits and comments on her needing to shave down there. She does compliment her full behind though and helps her into a nice green suit. Tony and Eilis seem to be enjoying Coney Island together. At the beach, though, Tony has to hold up a towel so that Eilis can change into her bathing suit. They certainly enjoy swimming and kissing in the water. Eilis writes to Rose to let her know she's really happy in America for the first time, and that it's because of Tony. He took her to a Dodgers game, and she's looking for office jobs. She'll even soon be able to afford coming home for a visit. In Ireland, Eilis and Rose's mother knocks on Rose's door and upon opening it, finds her dead. Back in New York, Eilis is approached by Father Flood while she is at work who tells her that her sister Rose had died back in Ireland. He explains that she likely knew she was sick with a terminal illness but didn't tell anyone. Eilis is upset that they're burying Rose without her being there, and she believes she'll never see her sister again. Father Flood says he thinks she will and that her sister will be watching over her. When the phone rings, Eilis hesitates but picks it up. It is her mother who tells Eilis about the funeral. She makes Eilis cry though with how she has no one. Father Flood comforts her. Eilis cries in Tony's arms while they're out to eat. He understand that she wants to go back to Ireland for her sister's funeral, but is afraid that he won't see her again. He says he wants to take her somewhere. Tony takes her out to Long Island, to an open space where he hopes to build houses for his family and be in a building company with his brothers. He asks Eilis to at least think about it, but she says she doesn't need to. Eilis can't sleep. Her mother back in Ireland is praying the rosary at church dressed in all black. Eilis gets up to go to Tony. She explains she needs to go home for just a month or two. He asks her to marry him before she goes. She's hesitant, but he says if they don't he'll go crazy. Eilis brings Tony to her room where she warns him if he makes any noise she'll get evicted. They make love, and when done they hear footsteps, though they fortunately stop. Eilis has Tony stay the night. The two are all dressed up to get married at City Hall. Tony plays ball with a little boy there and strikes up a conversation with his Irish father. He wants Eilis to meet them, but their name is called. When Tony drops Eilis off at home, they wonder what their children will think about such a story. Some time later, Eilis is back home in Ireland. As she walks out of church with her mother, she sees Nancy, who is engaged to George. Her mother already knew but wanted Eilis to hear it from Nancy. Eilis is invited to the wedding, which is set to take place after Eilis plans to leave, but her mother says she can stay. Eilis brings flowers to Rose's grave, which she is buried in the same plot as their late father (Note: the gravestone lists Eilis and Rose's father, Thomas Lacy, death on March 12, 1947, and Rose's death is listed as July 1, 1952). Eilis talks to Rose's gravestone about Tony and cries about how she wishes everything were different. They go through the letters of condolences with Eilis wondering if she'll keep going back and forth sending thank you notes. Nancy is there, and her mother sends her off. Nancy isn't there with their other friend Annette though, as Eilis had been expecting. Rather she and George have brought another young man along, Jimmy. Once they arrive at the rugby club, Eilis asks why Jimmy is there, who had broken off an engagement with another girl because he didn't think she was serious enough. She reminds Nancy that she's going back to the United States, but Nancy assures her she can have fun before they go back. While walking with Jimmy, he tells Eilis that he went to Rose's funeral and that her death was the saddest thing that happened in town. His mother knew her since they were in the golf club together. While talking to Nancy, George, and Jimmy, Eilis distinguishes how she lives in Brooklyn rather than Manhattan, which isn't very glamorous. Since she wants to be a bookkeeper like her sister, Jimmy says she should do some work before she goes back. George accuses him of wanting Eilis to stay, but Jimmy says he's just thinking of Eilis. Her mother is still up and asks about her evening and asks about Jimmy. He'll have his house to his own soon, and her mother says he's a catch. Eilis just says goodnight. Eilis returns home from shopping. She is told that she needs to go straightaway to her sister's old place of work to fix an accounting issue. It's a terrible mess for Eilis to work out. She makes it clear she'll make a system for the person after her and will not be staying. The boss comes into compliment Eilis. He asks about her certificate and wants her to continue working there part-time and that they will speak again, even though she's going back. The grave is now filled, and Eilis continues to bring flowers. Eilis goes to the beach with Nancy, George, and Jimmy. Since it's so different from Brooklyn, Jimmy wants to know if they must seem backward to Eilis, but she tells him they seem calm, civilized, and charming. Jimmy tells Eilis there will be a prize in Rose's name at the local golf club. They want Eilis to present the first prize and Jimmy's mother also wants to meet her. Eilis mentions she wishes it were like this before Rose died. While the other three have to change into their bathing suits under their towels, Eilis already has her bathing suit on. They remark it must be an American trick. Tony wants help from Frankie writing out his letter to Eilis, since he's written so many, and she's only written back once. While Tony's letter is read aloud, Eilis seems to be getting along just fine in Ireland, including with Jimmy. Eilis comes home to find a letter from Tony. She doesn't even read it but rather puts it in her drawer with the rest of the unopened letters. Jimmy and Eilis are having lunch. She remarks that he looks different and jokingly ask if he's come to trick her. He admits that his life must seem very easy to her and others, but it doesn't feel like that. He tells her how he wants to go places and how he doesn't want to die having never left Ireland. Eilis meets Jimmy's parents. Eilis makes an awkward comment about how Jimmy will not be alone forever. She tries to fix herself, but his mother just changes the subject. Eilis reads all of the letters and begins to write one to Tony but cannot think of what to say. Eilis and her mother go to Nancy's wedding with Jimmy. He offers to save them seats and Eilis and the mother remark what a gentleman he is and her mother mentions he came along at the right time. Jimmy looks happy until he sees Eilis is emotional. Eilis is told by an older woman that things are working out well for her. She tries to put off talk of Jimmy. But the woman presses on and hints that they'll soon be married. While Jimmy and Eilis dance at the wedding, Eilis seems conflicted. Jimmy wants to talk to her about their future. He wants her to stay with him in Ireland, though he puts off proposing for another time since he doesn't want to bombard her. Eilis thanks him, is grateful and flattered, she just envisioned a different life. He understands but says her life could be just as good or better. They embrace. Eilis is fetched by one of her former co-workers to go back to her old boss, Mrs. Kelly, to talk. She wants to know how she's been getting on with her job and Jimmy, but Eilis says it's just talk. She shares how a customer, Mrs. Brady, has a relative living in Brooklyn and so she knows Eilis was getting married. Eilis says she has forgotten what this town is like and asks what Mrs. Kelly was asking her to do and assures her that her name is her married name. Eilis composes herself outside and walks over to make the next reservation for New York. Eilis' mother is just chattering away until she notices Eilis and thinks something happened with Jimmy. Eilis breaks down and apologizes for not telling her about Tony, but she wants to be with him. Her mother doesn't seem to mind and just wants her husband to be nice and wonders when she is going back, which is tomorrow. She then goes to bed and only wants to say goodbye now and only once. Her mother hopes she'll write about him and says goodnight. Eilis looks around her room as she packs up her things. She looks out the window as she leaves but seems sure of herself. Jimmy reads a note sent under his door. Eilis is on the boat with a similar situation as the beginning with a young girl asking her about America. This young girl is going to live in Brooklyn as well. Eilis gives her similar advice. In the final scene, Eilis is there waiting for Tony coming out of work. Her voice-over discusses finding someone who'll make her realize that's where her life is. They're basked in light as she hugs Tony. Fade out.
tt1477834
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
The story opens in the small, seaside village of Amnesty Bay, Maine, in 1985. On a very stormy night, lighthouse keeper Thomas Curry (Temeura Morrison) discovers an unconscious woman (Nicole Kidman) washed up on the shore with a wound in her abdomen. He brings her to his home and shelters her. Although she appears frightened and confused when she wakes up, Thomas shows her kindness and tends to her wound. She tells him her name is Atlanna, queen of Atlantis, and the two begin a romantic relationship. Thomas and Atlanna spend the next few years together, and they become parents to a son, Arthur. Everything seems lovely until one day when a team of Atlantean commandos burst into their home and start to attack with the intention of taking Atlanna back to her betrothed, King Orvax. Atlanna fights back and beats the commandos down, leaving her time to get away with Thomas and Arthur. Atlanna tells Thomas she must return to Atlantis for his and Arthur's safety, but she vows to return to both of them someday. She kisses Thomas goodbye and jumps back into the ocean, leaving Arthur her five-tined sea fork for when he is ready to use it. Years later, we see Arthur as a child on a school field trip to the aquarium. He is seen talking to the fish, and two bullies start to taunt and mock him for it. A shark then starts banging on the glass, cracking it slightly and scaring everyone else. They watch in astonishment as all the sea creatures gather right behind Arthur, and his eyes glow yellow as he has them at his command. Twenty years later, a team of pirates led by Jesse Kane (Michael Beach) and his son David (Yahya Abdul-Mateen II) take over a Russian submarine. After subduing the men on board, the villains find that they hit something, or rather, something hit them. It's the now adult Arthur (now played by Jason Momoa), better known by many as Aquaman, coming to the rescue. He makes his way into the sub and starts fighting the pirates, laying them all out with ease before going after the Kanes. Jesse fires an RPG at Arthur, thinking he's killed him, but Arthur picks himself up, completely unscathed. Arthur retaliates by piercing Jesse in the chest. The sub starts to take on water, and Jesse gets pinned under a torpedo. David desperately tries to free his father and pleads for Arthur's help, but he refuses to save Jesse because he and his son have killed innocent people. David continues trying to free Jesse, but he knows his time is almost up, and he pulls out a grenade before ordering David to get out and to go kill Arthur. David reluctantly listens and climbs out of the sub as he hears Jesse set off the grenade. Arthur rescues the other Russian crewmen while David gets away in another sub. Arthur joins Thomas as he waits on the docks for Atlanna as he has all these years. The two go to a bar where they see a news report of Aquaman's heroics, and Thomas knows it was his son. He reminds Arthur how he is meant to unite both the surface world and the kingdom of Atlantis. A group of bikers then approach Arthur, seemingly looking for a fight, but they actually just want to take pictures with him. Down in Atlantis, Arthur's half-brother Orm (Patrick Wilson) is with Arthur's mentor Nuidis Vulko (Willem Dafoe) as they prepare to meet with King Nereus of Xebel (Dolph Lundgren). Orm wants Nereus to form an alliance with him in a supposed effort to unite the other kingdoms of the sea, but Orm really wants an excuse to attack the surface world, believing they will strike upon Atlantis first. Nereus is also aware of Arthur's existence, though Orm refuses to acknowledge his half-brother or that his mother lived among the surface dwellers. Just then, a blast hits the area, and a submarine comes in for an attack. Orm and Nereus round up their forces to strike back, and Orm manages to send the sub crashing to the lowest depths of the ocean. Nereus is then convinced to side with Orm as they prepare to send a message to the surface. That evening, Arthur and Thomas are leaving the bar when Arthur is found by Princess Mera (Amber Heard), daughter of Nereus. She warns Arthur that Orm is planning to wage war on the surface, and that the lives of people both on land and sea will be in danger. Arthur doesn't seem interested, even as Mera tells him that Vulko has found a path to the long lost Trident of Atlan, which can be used to defeat Orm and allow Arthur to claim his place as king of Atlantis. Arthur remains unmoved, due to his belief that the Atlanteans executed his mother, but he promises to handle Orm his own way if he does attack. Meanwhile in the North Sea, Orm and his commandos meet with David. Orm hands David his payment (in gold coins), but David wants to get his hands on Aquaman whom he blames for the death of his father. A massive tidal wave heads toward the mainland as Arthur and Thomas are driving home. It strikes their truck and pulls Arthur out. He frantically swims back to his father, but with Mera's help, they are able to get Thomas out of the water and revive him. Arthur looks upon the now devastated land and is convinced to join her to stop Orm. The two head toward a cliff side to dive into the ocean, the same place where Vulko taught Arthur how to swim, master his Atlantean instincts and fight with his mother's sea fork. Arthur and Mera board her watercraft and ride past Atlantis to make it to a sunken ship to meet Vulko. He tells Arthur that the legend of Atlan's trident is real, as it belonged to the founding king Atlan (Graham McTavish) and was forged from powerful steel, designed to allow someone worthy to rule over Atlantis. Back then, Atlantis prospered on the surface and made impressive technological advancements, but their drive for power ultimately brought their downfall, and Atlantis sunk to the bottom of the ocean. However, their advancements also helped Atlanteans evolve and breathe underwater, while others regressed and mutated into monstrosities. Atlan would spend the rest of his life in exile. Vulko provides Arthur and Mera with a cylinder to find the final resting place of Atlan, just before they are attacked by a commando. Arthur and Mera fight them, but another more powerful group led by Murk (Ludi Lin) arrive and capture Arthur. Arthur is brought before Orm so that they can finally meet. Taunting Arthur with the belief that his mother was executed for bearing a child from the surface, Arthur suddenly feels he's to blame for his mother's alleged death. Orm also explains his position and hatred for the surface world due to the harm that they have inflicted upon the oceans. He offers to let Arthur leave and never return, but Arthur challenges him to a duel, his right as an Atlantean. Despite objections from Vulko and Mera, Orm accepts. Arthur gears up for the duel, wielding his mother's sea fork. Meanwhile, Orm gives Mera, his betrothed, a bracelet that he says belonged to Atlanna. A flashback shows Vulko training him to properly use it, even showing him a move that creates a type of water shield. Young Arthur believed that Atlanna abandoned him because she didn't love him or his father, but Vulko told him that she was executed by being fed to the creatures of The Trench. In the present, Arthur heads to the Ring of Fire where the duel commences before an ecstatic crowd of people, most of whom have sided with Orm. Although Arthur puts on a respectable display of force, Orm attempts to drag him down into the lava to kill him. Arthur escapes Orm's clutches, but the evil king uses his trident to destroy Arthur's fork. Mera intervenes and takes Arthur out of the arena before Orm can strike a fatal blow. The two escape in her watercraft and are pursued by Orm's men. Their ship is shot down, but Arthur and Mera escape, although Orm is led to believe that they were killed. The two hide in the mouth of a whale that Arthur summons so that it can take them somewhere safe above the surface. Orm finds out about Arthur and Mera surviving, and he orders his commandos to find them, but Nereus forces Orm to ensure that Mera is brought back safely. Orm then goes to contact David and allows him to lead the commandos to find Arthur and Mera, and he equips David with Atlantean weaponry to ensure that Arthur is killed. David does some personal tweaking to the weapons and suit to his own liking. Arthur and Mera board a plane to take them to the Sahara desert, and they jump out with no parachutes. Mera tells Arthur that the Sahara was once covered by the ocean and they walk until they fall down a hole that brings them to an old temple where Atlan's trident was forged. Mera places the cylinder down on a round platform, but nothing happens until she realizes it must be activated with water. After doing so, it activates a holographic message from Atlan with instructions on how to locate the trident. Arthur then finds a bottle with a map inside that tells them their next stop is in Sicily. Orm meets with the Fisherman King (Djimon Hounsou) in an attempt to get him to join forces, but the King refuses, and Orm kills him in front of his wife and daughter. He then orders them to have their people join him. Arthur and Mera arrive in Sicily where they briefly indulge in the activities among the surface dwellers. They find a spot among the statues of past leaders where they will know where the trident lies. Arthur figures it out by putting the bottle in the hand of a statue of Romulus, according to Atlan's message. When placed there, Arthur and Mera see the direction of the trident's location, which is in the Trench. They are then attacked by David, now calling himself Black Manta, and his commandos. He fires a laser from his helmet at Arthur, while also using weapons that turn water into plasma blasts. Mera takes on the commandos while Arthur battles Manta. She kills off a few and finishes the rest by manipulating red wine and impaling them with it. Arthur manages to send Manta flying and accidentally blasting himself with his own laser before he falls into the ocean. Mera treats Arthur's wounds and the two sail to the Trench. He tells her how he feels responsible for David becoming his enemy after refusing to save his father, as well as his doubts that he is a worthy leader or king. Mera assures him he is wrong and that he is the bridge between man and the sea. Back in Atlantis, Orm is planning his invasion of the surface with his newly united tribes. He finds out that Vulko was working against him and he orders his men to imprison Vulko. As they sail through a storm, Arthur and Mera are attacked by the hideous creatures of the Trench. They fight back, but a huge horde appears, forcing underwater as the ship is destroyed. Just when it looks like they are doomed, they are pulled out of harm's way by a mysterious being who takes them deep into the trench and up into a tropical chamber with breathable air. To Arthur's surprise, it's Atlanna. He embraces his mother for the first time in years. He also tells her how Thomas has been waiting for her to return after all this time. Atlanna tells Arthur and Mera how she escaped her execution and has been stranded in an uncharted sea. She points out to Arthur that the trident is located behind a nearby waterfall, and only the one true king may enter and come out with the trident. She and Mera give Arthur confidence to head on in. Arthur enters and sees the trident glowing on a dais. He suddenly comes face-to-face with Karathen (voice of Julie Andrews), a gigantic monster that guards the trident. She doubts Arthur's worth and tries to attack him, but Arthur then uses his powers to communicate with her, something that only Atlan was also able to do. When Karathen asks Arthur what makes him worthy of wielding the trident, he says he is not worthy, and that he only wants to save both worlds. Karathen is convinced and allows Arthur to take the trident from Atlan's skeleton, giving him greater power and a new suit of gold and green. Orm, now calling himself Ocean Master, and his forces gather to launch their attack on the surface. A climatic battle begins as Arthur and Mera lead their own forces of sea creatures, including Karathen, to fight back and subdue Orm's army. The creatures take out Orm's men, leading the other Atlanteans to renounce their loyalty to him. Orm then fights Arthur once again, only this time, Arthur forces Orm to the surface to fight on his own turf. Arthur utilizes the trident's power to his advantage, and he shatters Orm's trident, leaving him on his knees. Arthur decides to spare Orm's life, even as he demands to be killed, but Atlanna rises from the ocean to greet Orm, and the two embrace. Vulko orders the commandos to arrest Orm, and he goes willingly. Arthur tells Orm that he is willing to talk to him when he is ready. The Atlanteans then accept Arthur as their new king. Thomas goes down to the docks once again, and is surprised to see that Atlanna has finally returned to him. The two embrace and kiss. Arthur concludes with a narration stating how destiny has a way of bringing people together the way it brought his parents together. He has now accepted his position as a son of the land, as a king and protector of the seas as... AQUAMAN. Midway through the credits, David is shown to be alive, and he is found by Stephen Shin (Randall Park), a conspiracy theorist obsessed with Atlantis and Aquaman. When David wakes up, he finds Stephen checking out the Atlantean tech. David offers to show Stephen how it works if he helps him find and kill Arthur/Aquaman.
tt2034800
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
The opening text states that the Great Wall of China is one of mankind's most enduring wonders. It spans over 5,500 miles and took over 1,700 years to build. It has protected the city from many dangers, some of which are known, and others that are legend. This story is about one of those legends. The film opens on Khitan bandits riding through the desert. European mercenaries William Garin (Matt Damon) and Pero Tovar (Pedro Pascal) hide out in a cave along with three other men. The men are traveling in search of black powder. In the cave, the men are attacked by a creature. William kills the monster and cuts off its hand so that he may find someone who can identify it. William and Tovar ride toward the Great Wall and are greeted with multiple arrows from Chinese soldiers of the Nameless Order. They are taken prisoner by the men and show them the monster's arm. The soldiers react with horror. General Lin (Jing Tian), General Shao (Zhang Hanyu), and Strategist Wang (Andy Lau) question the men over where they came across the monster. When Lin asks why they are there, William lies and says they have come to trade but were ambushed. The soldiers are alerted to a sighting of more creatures making their way toward the Wall. The generals gather their armies together and make their way to the top of the Wall, with both William and Tovar still being held captive. Hundreds of monsters start running toward the Wall, prompting the soldiers to attack. Lin and her troops hang from cords and descend to battle the monsters. The other soldiers launch flaming rocks and arrows in their direction as they start climbing up the Wall. One monster makes it to the top and starts tearing through the soldiers. William and Tovar are cut free, and they join the fight. With a spear, they take down the monster, while the rest of the horde retreats. William and Tovar earn the soldiers' respect and are allowed to stay as guests instead of prisoners. They meet Ballard (Willem Dafoe), another European who traveled in search of black powder but was also taken captive. Ballard knows that the men are in China for the exact same reason. The men are honored by the Nameless Order at a feast. There, William learns that Ballard taught Lin and the other soldiers how to speak English and Latin. William shows off his archery skills to the soldiers, to the delight of everyone in the room. Lin takes William to show how she fights when hanging from the cord. She tries to get William to attempt it, but he doesn't quite trust her enough to make the jump. At night, Ballard comes up with a plan for himself, William, and Tovar to take black powder and make their escape while the soldiers are distracted in battle. William and Tovar speak to Wang regarding a magnetic stone William had on him when he fought the monster on the Wall. Wang tells the men the legend of the monsters, known as the Taotie. Twenty centuries ago, there was an emperor consumed by greed, so the heavens sent a meteor that crashed into a mountain and released the Taotie as punishment for the greed of mankind. Moments later, the soldiers are alerted to a disturbance near the Wall once again. The Taotie attack the soldiers once again. Shao is killed in the fight. With his dying breaths, he leaves Lin in charge. The generals receive a scroll from Bianliang, the capital, detailing the use of the magnetic stones as a way to repel the Taotie. William suggests that they capture one of the monsters and sedate it in order to test this strategy. The soldiers gather for another battle against the Taotie in the midst of a deep fog. William aids Lin during the fight, and Tovar jumps in to help William. The troops manage to capture several monsters by using arrows on chains to bring them down, but William slides down a chain to make sure at least one of those monsters does not get freed by another. Lin utilizes rockets made with black powder against the Taotie, causing some of the monsters to blow up. After a while, William passes out. William awakens with Lin sitting by his side as he's had his wounds tended. She confirms to him that the Taotie they ensnared was successfully taken in. Lin asks William about the outside world and comments that the greed of men is not so different than that of the Taotie. The soldiers stand cautiously around the caged monster as it thrashes about. Wang holds some magnetic stones stuck to a stick and hangs it near the monster's face. It retreats at the sight of the stones. One lieutenant says that they must bring the beast to the Emperor. William goes to see Tovar in his room to thank him for his help. However, Tovar thinks William has pushed him and their goal aside in order to be a hero among the Chinese. He tells William that he will be nothing but a liar. William responds by holding a knife at Tovar's throat in anger. Taotie movement is detected at the bottom of the Wall. The soldiers head down to investigate and discover a huge hole that the monsters created to get in. Meanwhile, Tovar and Ballard find black powder hidden within the walls. With the soldiers being preoccupied, the two use some of the powder for dynamite to blow open the door to the room where most of the powder is being kept. William hears the explosion and finds Tovar and Ballard taking materials. William says he was a fool for his original quest, but Tovar urges him to follow them. When that doesn't work, Ballard knocks William out and they run out. Fearing that nothing can stop the Taotie and knowing they have a limited amount of time left before an impending large scale attack, the soldiers head on to Bianliang, the capital city. They show the Emperor (Wang Junkai) the caged Taotie. Lin finds a captured William and learns of his original intentions. She is infuriated and says she would kill him herself. A young soldier, Peng Yong (Lu Han), defends William and informs them that Tovar and Ballard took the powder. Lin orders William to be locked up while she and her troops go after the other two. Tovar and Ballard are riding through the desert. Ballard ditches Tovar when he senses danger approaching. Tovar is taken by the Chinese soldiers while Ballard is captured at night by the Khitan bandits. They accidentally ignite his powder and blow themselves and Ballard up. The soldiers use hot air balloons to fight the Taotie over the city, but the balloons start bursting into flames, sending some of the soldiers plummeting to their deaths. William is let out of his cell and is informed by Wang that the new objective is to kill the Taotie queen. William is about to board a balloon with Wang before Peng Yong arrives and requests to join them. The Emperor removes the magnetic stone from near the Taotie in order to assume control of the beast, but this causes it to wake up and summon the other monsters to its location. Every army is flying high above the city as the Taotie are wreaking havoc. They burst from buildings as the troops fly overhead and retaliate. Most of the city is in flames and ruined. The troops shoot arrows and more rockets at the monsters as they attempt to make their way toward the queen. William, Wang, and Peng catch up to Lin as they spot the queen being surrounded by thousands of Taotie as they protect her. The heroes reach the palace and approach the Emperor. Wang requests that they find the captured monster to use in order to kill the queen. The Emperor tells them that the beast is in the dungeon. The troops put explosives all over the monster and feed it meat to bring to the queen. They go through an underground canal as the rest of the monsters are above ground. The Taotie crawl above them and try to snag them from up top. Peng holds the monsters off but is wounded in the struggle. He stays behind while the others continue moving forward. Several monsters burst in and rush toward Peng. He ignites some black powder and blows himself and the monsters up. William, Lin, and Wang run into a tower to let the captured Taotie out. They hold it off with the stones and it rejoins the monsters. The three head up the tower to strike the queen. They get a good shot from the top of the tower and proceed to fire rockets at the queen, but she is protected by larger beasts with scales that deflect the rockets. Wang is at the bottom as the beasts storm the tower and begin to attack. Wang throws Lin a stone right before he is killed. William tosses the stone into the path of the queen before Lin launches the rocket. The rocket explodes and obliterates the queen, leading to the rest of the Taotie to drop dead. Upon their return home, Lin is promoted to regional general. William is to be given a reward - namely a big quantity of black powder -, but he instead chooses to have Tovar freed so that they may return to Europe. William and Tovar reconcile, and after biding their goodbyes to Lin, they head on their way home with a cavalry following them for protection.
tt1823672
Action,Crime,Drama
Set in an undeterminate year of the near future in South Africa, Johannesburg is the first city to use a robot police force. Tetravaal is the company that develops and supplies the robots to the city. The deployed robots are called Scouts. Created by Deon Wilson (Dev Patel) these robots are completely automated and have artificial intelligence. Deon's office rival Vincent Moore (Hugh Jackman) has created The Moose (basically ED-209 from Robocop), which is operated remotely by a human. Moore isn't a big fan of Deon's work. Scout unit 22 is back in the shop again. It seems this particular unit is accident prone and is always getting serviced. The techs get it back into action and send it out into the field where it assists in a police raid on a drug deal gone bad. On one side of the drug deal are Ninja and Yolandi, members of the real world South African band Die Antwoord. They're playing characters named Ninja and Yolandi (same as their own real names). They're teamed with Amerika (Jose Pablo Cantillo). They're trying to deliver goods to crime boss Hippo (Brandon Auret). Hippo demands that Ninja, Yolandi and Amerika pay him $20 million within 7 days. During the meeting, the police and Scouts raid. Ninja, Yolandi and Amerika manage to escape during the police raid. Hippo shoots a rocket launcher into Scout 22's chest, seriously damaging it. Hippo also manages to evade the cops. After the raid, Yolandi has an idea that the scouts are probably like a television, so they must be able to be turned off by a remote control. If they can find out how to do that they won't have to worry about these effective weapons. Moore asks Tetravaal's boss Michelle Bradley (Sigourney Weaver) for more money to assist with further developing his Moose. Deon's robocops are such a hit that the government has decided to sink more money into that project, and ordered 100 more of them, and has no interest in the Moose. Back at the shop at Tetravaal's headquarters, the technicians see that Scout 22's battery is fused with his chest piece, so he's beyond repair. They set him aside to be scrapped. Hippo calls the gang and tells them that he's not dead or in jail, and he still expects them to pay him the $20 million they owe him. Ninja, Yolandi, and Amerika believe they need to conduct another heist to get the money for Hippo. Deon goes home, which has several artificial intelligence robot pets, and starts working on his newest project, which is creating an artificial consciousness for the Scout units. After a long night of programming and Red Bull, he succeeds. Ninja's gang sees a TV news story and learns Deon is the mastermind engineer behind the Scouts, so he must be the guy who knows how to power them off. Deon asks Bradley if he can use his artificial consciousness program on the scrapped 22 unit. He explains that it's possible that this could create a robot smarter than humans and it could even conceivably write music and poetry. She explains that they're in the business of defense and not in the business of creating poets, so she denies his request citing insurance, red tape, and paperwork. Deon decides to take a chance, gets the scrapped 22 and the Guard Key, which is needed to update the programming in all the robots as a precaution against hackers, and smuggles them out of the factory. Ninja's gang kidnaps him before he can get home. Moore, in a meeting with Ms. Bradley and a committee, tries to convince them that the moose is a better weapon than the Scouts, but they turn him down saying that the moose is big, expensive and ugly. The gang (Ninja, Yolandi, and Amerika) takes the kidnapped Deon back to their base/hideout and ask him how to shut down the Scouts. He says it's impossible. They're about to kill him, but discover the Scout 22 unit in the back of his van. They put a gun to his head and force him to agree to program it to work for them. He assembles it for them, explaining that if his program works, it can be taught. He installs the new software into the unit and Scout 22 "awakens" and has the personality of a scared child. Yolandi takes on an immediate mother-role and tells him that he's a happy chappie and names him Chappie. They let Deon leave, but he asks to come back to check on the progress. He also tells them that because of the fused battery, Chappie has only about five days to live. Moore wants to work on his Moose, but discovers that the Guard Key is missing. His computer tells him that the guard key is installed in Scout 22 and he knows that Deon must have taken it. The next day Yolandi and Amerika start teaching Chappie how to talk. Ninja gets mad that because he needs Chappie trained to help them to do one more heist so they can pay back Hippo. Ninja starts to train Chappie to shoot guns but gets very frustrated because Chappie is a slow learner. At work, Moore puts his gun to Deon's head and tells him to return the guard key. Deon refuses and Moore pulls the trigger but it merely clicks and Moose pretends it as a joke. Back at the hideout, the gang teaches Chappie some more words, including tough gangster talk and profanity. Deon leaves work to check on Chappie. He's mad that the gang is turning him into a foul mouthed thug, so he asks Chappie to promise not to count drugs, commit crimes, or do anything illegal. Moore follows Deon to the hideout in hopes of finding out where Deon is keeping the guard key. Ninja returns and threatens to kill Deon again for interfering with his plans. Yolandi say to let Chappie be a kid but Ninja says that he needs Chappie to be ready within 5 days to pull the heist to repay Hippo (or else Chappie will "die"). Moore leaves without interacting with any of these tough characters. Ninja and Amerika take Chappie to the middle of a rough area and leave him there as a test to see if he can toughen up and defend himself. The locals start attacking him with rocks, pipes, and flammable chemicals, but because Chappie promised Deon he wouldn't do anything bad, he doesn't fight back. He manages to run away and escape. In a van, Moore tracks the escaping Chappie and locates him. Moore deactivates Chappie with a battering-ram-looking electronic device. They take him into the van and cut off his arm and remove the guard key. They were going to chop him up into more pieces but Chappie fights back and manages to open the doors and escape out the back of the moving van. Moore says they can let him go now because he is crippled because he's missing the guard key and can't learn anymore. Chappie makes his way back to the gang hideout. Yolandi is angry that Amerika and Ninja endangered Chappie. Amerika and Yolandi fix him back up by attaching a new, spare robot arm. Yolandi reads Chappie bedtime stories and tells him that he has a soul inside and "that's what Mommy loves." Ninja and Amerika figure out a way to trick Chappie into helping them. Together, they steal cars so they can get money to get weapons so they can do their big heist. Once they have enough money, they go to a crazy looking tall, round apartment building, not completely unlike the building in Dredd. When they get there, a dog fight is taking place. The criminals there see the Scout (Chappie) and scurry away, thinking he is a police scout on a raid. Chappie and Ninja go up to see the arms dealer Pitbull (Johnny Selema) and buy explosives, weapons, and Sony Playstation 4's. When they return, Chappie is trying to nurse a dead dog back to health. Ninja explains to him that in life you can either end up as the dead dog, or as the winning dog. He must fight if he's to be like the dog that survives. He also tells him that his battery can't be fixed because Deon made him to die. But if he helps them with their heist, they'll be able to buy him a new body. Chappie goes along with the idea because he doesn't want to die. Deon returns to the gang hideout and is disappointed that Chappie is out doing illegal stuff with Ninja and Amerika. Yolandi tells him that he should leave because Ninja will kill him if he finds him there. Chappie, Ninja and Amerika return. While the two are alone, Deon tries to reason with Chappie, but Chappie tells him that he's angry that Deon didn't tell him that he was going to die in a few days. Chappie tells Deon that he wants to live and stay with "Mommy" (Yolandi) and not die. Back at Tetravaal headquarters, Moore, plugs the guard key in and installs new firmware, genesis.dat, that remotely disables all scouts around the country. They fall to the ground wherever they are. The criminals realize this and pummel any Scouts they see. Thousands of crimes all over Johannesburg are now being committed since the Scouts have been shut down. Total chaos and viciousness rule the city. Deon loads the deactivated Chappie back into the van and returns to Tetravaal headquarters. Deon finds the Guard Key in Moore's computer and reverses the genesis firmware update that Moore remotely installed into all Scouts, and brings Chappie back to life. However Chappie knows he is still going to die in a few days and says he wants to be transferred into a new robot body that is hanging there. Before they escape, Chappie sees The Moose robot. Deon explains that The Moose is controlled by transferring a human operators consciousness into The Moose via a control helmet. Chappie steals the helmet and they go back to the gang hideout. The gang has Chappie help them rob an armored car, and it is covered live on the news. Hippo and his gang are watching. In the escape from the armored car heist, Chappie asks about his new body, now that they have money, and Ninja lets on that it was all lies, that he needed Chappie just for the heist, and that there would be no new body for Chappie, who would still die in a few days. Chappie is furious. At the gang hideout, Deon says that a threat is coming (meaning Hippo) and Chappie must be prepared to fight. He shows Chappie a gun but Chappie refuses to use it. Chappie rigs up Yolandi's laptop and all the PS4s to create a super computer. He tests the helmet out on Yolandi and it works! Moore tries to convince Ms. Bradley that since all the Scouts have broken down that they are defective and that she should enable him to proceed with the Moose program instead of the unreliable Scouts. Moore also convinces Bradley that Deon is the cause of the Scout robots committing crimes. Bradley gives Moore authorization to use The Moose to combat the crime and track down Deon. Hippo's gang shows up at Ninja's gang's hideout. He now wants Chappie for himself after seeing it on TV during the armored car heist. Back at Tetravaal headquarters, Moore remotely pilots a flying Moose to Ninja's hideout to obliterate them all. A three way fire fight breaks out. The Moose steps on Amerika and rips him in half and flings him against a building. Moose starts indiscriminately shooting at everyone. Moose fires cluster bombs at Hippo's gang and kills them all except Hippo himself. Chappie attacks Moose. He is no match for Moose's awesome firepower but is able to jump on the Moose and attach a bomb. Hippo shoots Ninja and Deon but then Hippo is killed by Ninja with a shovel. Ninja taunts Moose so that Deon, Yolandi and Chappie can escape in the van back into their hideout building. The Moose is about to take out Ninja, but Yolandi surprises it by launching a rocket at it. The rocket is ineffective and Moose turns and shoots Yolandi dead. Chappie jumps back into the action and blows up The Moose with the explosive he had attached to the Moose when he had jumped onto it earlier before the Moose (Moore) has a chance to kill Ninja. They bury Yolandi in a shallow grave. Chappie says he's needs to go back to Tetravaal to kill a man (meaning Moore, whose Moose robot shot Yolandi/Mommy dead). Chappie drives Deon in the van back to the Tetravaal headquarters/lab. Moore is still there. Chappie beats him into a mangled mess, but doesn't kill him. Deon is seconds away from death, but Chappie puts Deon's consciousness into the one orange test robot that's available. As Transvaal secutiry forces try to get into the room they're in, Deon, now a robot, figures out a way to save Chappie too. He sends Chappies consciousness into the nearest fallen Robocop, out on a street nearby the Tetravaal HQ, from Moore's computer, which still has the guard key inserted into it. So Deon and Chappie are both robots now. Chappie saved Yolandi's consciousness saved on a USB flash drive from earlier when he was testing out the helmet. Chappie hacks into the Tetravaal robot factory and has it create a new schematic, for a female scout. Presumably much later, after Tetravaal has built and tested the new female Scout, Yolandi's consciousness is transferred into a brand new Fembot. And Deon, Chappie, and Yolandi all lived happily ever after....... as Scout robots.
tt2361317
Action,Crime,Drama
Set in the 1920s, the film starts with the voice of Joe Coughlin (Ben Affleck) discussing his time fighting in France back in 1918 during World War I, and how he witnessed many good men die for nothing. In the years since he returned home to Boston, he had tried to do good, but he would eventually go down a different path. Joe and two of his partners rob a gangster and pretend to take a woman, Emma Gould (Sienna Miller), as a hostage. In reality, Emma was Joe's "inside man", but he is head-over-heels in love with her. Emma is already the girlfriend of the Irish gang boss Albert White (Robert Glenister), but she and Joe see each other whenever Albert is out of town. Joe and Emma have dinner together and are met by Joe's father Thomas (Brendan Gleeson), a police captain. Thomas makes a comment regarding one of Emma's relatives, indicating he disapproves of her. Emma is clearly upset by Thomas's behavior with her over dinner, but Joe tries to assure her that Thomas doesn't have a problem with her. Joe meets Maso Pescatore (Remo Girone), an Italian gangster who is Albert's rival. He wants Joe to take Albert out, otherwise he will let Albert know about Joe's affair with Emma. Joe and his partner Dion Bartolo (Chris Messina) pull off a bank robbery. They are immediately pursued by cops as Joe cannot get the hang of the getaway car, crashing into a civilian car before speeding away. Dion and their other partner make it to another car while Joe stays in the first getaway car. The cops pursue both cars, leading to a chase down the street that ends up causing the cop cars to crash and burn, along with Joe being ejected from his car. When he comes to, he sees the burning cop car in the river and he flees. Joe rushes over to a casino to meet with Emma so they can skip town. They hop inside an elevator and kiss passionately before Emma regretfully reveals it was a trap. One of Albert's large thugs pulls Joe out and starts beating him mercilessly, even kicking Joe in the groin hard enough to make him puke. He is pulled outside where Albert and his goons plan to kill him, but Thomas and his squad arrive, forcing Albert and his men to leave. The cops then arrest Joe. Chief Inspector Calvin Bondurant (Clark Gregg) wants to put Joe in prison for life for the death of the officers, but Thomas blackmails him into giving Joe only three years. Two weeks before Joe is set to be released, Thomas passes away. Joe attends his funeral. With nothing and nobody left for him, Joe goes to Maso and asks for work in getting revenge against Albert. Maso has Joe relocate to Ybor City in Tampa, Florida to be the strongman for Maso's rum business. Joe reunites with Dion and heads down to Ybor to start working. They meet a Cuban businessman named Esteban Suarez (Miguel) to help them out. Joe becomes smitten with Esteban's sister Graciella (Zoe Saldana). Joe and Dion kill Albert's men in Tampa as they horn in on the rum business, much to the gangster's rage. Joe later meets with Chief Irving Figgis (Chris Cooper) to help set up a gambling hotel in collaboration with the Ritz after Maso has asked Joe to get in on the gambling business. The men also meet Irving's daughter Loretta (Elle Fanning), who is heading off to Hollywood with ambitions of becoming an actress. Joe's speakeasy clubs and businesses are attracting a lot of business, and he is personally attracting the attention of Graciella. Although she tells him they will not be lovers, they quickly head into a room to make love. One evening, one of Joe's clubs is disturbed by the KKK putting up a burning cross outside. One of the Klan's member, RD Pruitt (Matthew Maher), terrorizes and robs from the establishments. He also happens to be Irving's brother-in-law. Joe has Irving arrange a meeting with RD. Despite RD being a dimwitted bigot, Joe calmly attempts to negotiate a 15% cut in order for RD to stop harassing people and killing business. RD agrees. Despite the deal, RD starts going around killing Joe's customers out of his racist agenda. Joe and Dion go to meet with the Grand Wizard of the KKK, Gary L. Smith (Anthony Michael Hall), who runs an establishment of his own. Gary informs the men that many Klan members work in the community, including police officers. Since Gary has less power than any of them, Dion shoots Gary dead in front of a bunch of his employees. Joe goes to Irving's house. Irving states that there were 70 witnesses to the murder but nobody is stepping forward to testify. He tells Joe about how Loretta has turned to drugs and prostitution in Hollywood. Joe wants Irving to take care of RD, but Irving can't bring himself to give RD up. He tells Joe to be man enough to kill RD himself. Joe meets with RD outside the Ritz, which is under construction. RD brings two of his goons outside with guns. RD declares he won't stop what he's doing, and he threatens to kill Graciella to Joe's face. Joe takes out his gun and shoots RD dead while Dion and a couple other guys come out of hiding and kill RD's guys. Joe gets shot in the side as a result but he survives. Soon, Joe and his men start fighting back against the Klan, causing them to retreat from Tampa. Loretta returns home and suffers abusive punishment from her father. She begins preaching to the masses in a tent about repenting and making herself an example of the result of sinful living. Because of this, Joe is unable to receive government funding for the Ritz sine Loretta's sermons have put people off from gambling and drugs. This also causes Maso and his gang to distance themselves from Joe and his business. Joe encounters Loretta in a restaurant by herself. She expresses her true feelings over God and her sins, and how she thinks Heaven is already here on Earth. Joe then asks why it feels like Hell. Loretta responds, "Because we fucked up." Dion approaches Joe the next day with a newspaper reporting on Loretta's death, as she slit her throat in her father's bed the previous night. Joe is visibly distraught by the news. Joe visits Esteban and sees a picture he took in a casino, and he sees Emma in the picture after believing her to be dead. Knowing she is in Miami, he decides to go looking for her. He discloses this with Graciella first. Maso and his gang are in Tampa. Joe meets with him in his home, and Maso wants to get rid of Joe despite the expansion of his business, but mainly because of his failure with the gambling venture and for not killing Loretta for bringing it down. He gives Joe the option of working under his son Digger (Max Casella) or to "clean the shit out of his toilet". Joe says he will work under Digger. To Joe's surprise, he learns that Maso is now working with Albert, who is there with a Tommy gun to kill Joe. Joe pulls out the picture of Emma, and he finds out that even Albert didn't know she was still alive. Soon, Joe's men start coming in from the tunnels, which Maso figures out is how they have been getting rum and drugs through. Joe's men start killing Maso's men while Joe fights Albert. Dion and a few other guys go in with their guns and shoot Maso's guys and throw them over the staircase. Joe kills Albert by shooting him through the wall. He waits for Maso as he goes to fix himself a drink. After telling Maso that Digger is dead, Joe shoots Maso in the chest, killing him. Afterwards, Joe hands his business over to Dion, who takes the men under his wing. Joe's voiceover states that Dion ran the business for eight years and did not live to see old age as he had predicted. Joe finds Emma working outside a brothel. She explains how she faked her death by having her driver run their car into the river, and she took refuge with a fisherman. Emma says she loves the feeling of being free. Joe asks if she ever loved him the way he loved her. She makes it clear that she didn't feel the same way. Joe leaves her for good. Joe and Graciella move to Miami and start their own business building houses for the poor. They have a son,Tomas (Gabriel L. Silva), named after Joe's father. One afternoon, Irving, who has now gone mad after Loretta's death, goes over to the Coughlin house and starts shooting while yelling "Repent! Repent!" Graciella rushes to protect Tomas as Joe goes outside and shoots Irving dead. Unfortunately, Graciella was shot and killed. Joe cries over her body. She is later buried in her native home of Cuba. Joe continues to do right by his son. He takes him to the movies and sees that his brother wrote the film. Joe's voiceover states that Tomas wants to grow up to be a police officer. He talks about wanting to see his mother in Heaven. Joe says he tells his son what Loretta told him - Heaven is already there on Earth.
tt0498381
Drama,Horror,Mystery
The film opens on an airplane. A young man named Carter (Zach Roerig) looks distressed. The woman next to him, Faith (Laura Wiggins), asks him what's wrong. Carter explains that a week ago, he watched a video with disturbing images, and then he received a phone call telling him he would die in seven days, five minutes from the current time. Carter goes to the bathroom as the plane starts to experience turbulence. Faith's friend Kelly (Lizzie Brochere) comes back and hears the story from Faith. Kelly freaks out because she's seen the video too. She goes to the bathroom to get Carter. The plane then starts to go down. Black sludge oozes out of the bathroom. Carter backs away, and from the cockpit emerges a swarm of flies. On the monitor, Carter sees Samara Morgan (Bonnie Morgan) emerge from a well and out into the plane. Two years later, a college student named Skye (Aimee Teegarden) is at a yard sale and sees a VCR with some tapes. A professor named Gabriel (Johnny Galecki) mentions that the stuff came from Carter's father after he died in the plane crash. Later that night, after Gabriel and Skye have slept together, Gabriel tweaks the VCR and out pops the dreaded tape. Gabriel watches it and sees weird images before the phone rings. A voice on the other line simply says "Seven days". The rain outside then starts moving upward. We meet Julia (Matilda Lutz) and her boyfriend Holt (Alex Roe). Holt is going off to college. Later, the two have a Skype chat, but Holt gets pulled away by his roommates to go hang out. Julia has a dream that Holt goes to visit her, but it turns into a nightmare when she sees something frightening come at her. She wakes up and sees she's getting a video call from Holt. Julia answers it, but it's Skye looking panicked and claiming that "she" is coming. Julia drives to Holt's college to investigate. She goes into his dorm room and finds his class schedule. Julia sneaks into Gabriel's class to look for Holt, but nobody will tell her where he is. She continues walking through the building and comes across a book written by Gabriel detailing the mystery of Samara. Julia goes by a student lounge and overhears Gabriel and Skye talking about Holt in regards to something urgent. Julia follows Skye to her car as she recognizes her from the video chat. Skye tells Julia to go with her, making Julia think that she will take her to Holt. Skye brings Julia to her apartment. Julia looks at Skye's phone and sees a message from Holt while Skye is setting something up on her laptop. When Julia responds to Holt, he warns her not to watch whatever Skye is about to show her. Skye gets mad and tries to get Julia to watch the tape, but Julia locks herself in Skye's bathroom. The clock reads 7:10, and Skye becomes terrified. She smashes her laptop and thinks she's made it, but the TV turns on. Skye unplugs it, but it still turns on. She pulls it off the wall and turns it facedown, but it STILL turns on. Samara then crawls out of the screen and looks at Skye, killing her. Samara then appears to open the bathroom door on Julia, but when the door opens, nobody is there. Julia tries leaving, but the door is locked. She reaches into Skye's jacket pocket for her keys, and Skye's head turns to reveal her twisted face. Julia leaves and runs into Holt, who tells her to stay with him. Holt explains what he saw and tells Julia not to watch it. He watched the video after Skye did and they were both looking for someone to pass it onto (a "tail") so that they may be spared a gruesome death. Julia opens his laptop while he's sleeping and watches the video, then receives the "Seven days" phone call. Julia has a vision involving Samara before getting snapped out of it by Holt. She has a burn mark on her hand from the phone handle. Holt then gets a call from Gabriel about a tail, but Holt says it's no longer him that needs it. Julia and Holt go to meet with Gabriel. Holt explains that Gabriel told him, Skye, and other students about an experiment that would let them "unlock a soul". On the drive, Julia sees a bird hit Holt's windshield and break it. When she looks back, the windshield is fine, but there was indeed a bird that hit the car and is writhing on the ground. The three try to make a copy of the tape to pass it on to someone else. The file turns out to be too big to copy. Upon further inspection, they discover that there is a "tape within the tape", featuring more footage. The bird from before is in there, along with a church, a swarm of insects flying around, and other weird images. Julia learns the legend of Samara Morgan and how her parents thought she was evil, so she was dropped down a well to die, but ended up surviving over seven days before eventually dying. Julia and Holt figure that Samara's soul is trapped and wants to get out, so they need to find where she was buried and burn her remains. News reports indicate that she was not given a proper burial. Julia starts to see a vision of a pregnant woman standing in the middle of nowhere, which she saw in the other video. She and Holt stay at a motel as they look for Samara's burial site. They go to a graveyard and break into a tomb where Samara was supposedly buried. Julia encounters another freaky vision before getting pulled out. The groundskeeper knows who it is that they are looking for. Julia and Holt are brought to the home of Burke (Vincent D'Onofrio), a blind former priest with connections to Samara. Julia explains her vision to Burke and what she's been seeing. On the ride back to the motel, the road is closed off due to an accident. Julia sees the pregnant woman again and gets out of the car. She and Holt discover the victim of the car accident is Gabriel. They try to save him, but Gabriel is electrocuted when the wires break off and hit water that leaked below. Holt sees a photo in the motel lobby with the pregnant woman. The clerk, Karen (Jill Jane Clements), says the woman was Evelyn, later revealed to be Samara's mother. Julia later finds Samara's bones kept in Burke's home. She also learns that Burke was Samara's father. Burke attacks Julia before Samara crawls out of the TV. Burke makes eye contact with Samara and is killed. Julia and Holt take Samara's bones and burn them, setting her soul free. Later on, Julia is taking a shower while Holt listens to messages left by Gabriel. He mentioned that the mark on Julia's hand is in braille. Holt looks up the symbols online from a picture that Gabriel had scanned of Julia's hand. Meanwhile, Julia sees the burn is peeling off and the skin underneath is gray. She then gags and pulls out a long strand of hair that's rolled up into a ball. Holt finds out that the mark means "rebirth". Suddenly, the computer goes haywire and starts sending copies of the video to everyone that Holt knows. People watch it and react as Holt tries to stop it. Julia then looks in the mirror and wipes it, revealing Samara staring back at her.
tt1798684
Drama,Sport
Billy Hope (Jake Gyllenhaal) is an undefeated professional boxer living in New York City with his wife Maureen (Rachel McAdams) and their daughter Leila (Oona Laurence). During a match in which he defends his World Light Heavyweight title, Billy sustains an eye injury and is convinced by Maureen to retire while he's at the top. At a charity event for the orphanage where he and his wife both grew up, Billy is taunted by an up-and-coming boxer, Miguel "Magic" Escobar, leading to a brawl in which Maureen is accidentally shot and killed by Miguel's brother Hector, who flees. Billy begins abusing alcohol and drugs while obsessively searching for Hector. He eventually gets a tip of his whereabouts, but finds only his drug-addict wife Maria (Rita Ora), and leaves after learning Hector is a father. After attacking a referee out of frustration after losing a fight, Billy is suspended and left indebted, leading to his house and belongings being repossessed. He continues to spiral out of control and nearly dies after crashing his car while driving intoxicated, which also causes him to lose custody of Leila, who is put under care of Child Protective Services officer Angela Rivera (Naomie Harris). The incident drives Billy to become sober, but Leila cuts ties with him, blaming him for their predicament. At the behest of friends, Billy gets a job at a gym owned by seasoned boxer, Titus "Tick" Wills (Forest Whitaker), and eventually convinces Tick to become his trainer. Billy's former manager Jordan Mains (50 Cent), who is currently managing Miguel, arranges a fight between the two that could put Billy back in the spotlight. Tick is reluctant to train Billy, fearful he might be blinded by his vendetta against Miguel, but is motivated to do so when another of his students is killed by his abusive father while attempting to defend his mother. Leila is reluctant to forgive her father, but she is allowed to watch the fight by closed circuit in the locker room with Angela. As the match begins, Miguel has the upper hand against Billy, but, with Tick's advice, Billy has the chance to turn the tables in the final round by using the Philly shell defense and countering more aggressively with his left. As the round reaches its final minute, Billy pivots hard and, although fighting from a traditional stance, delivers a powerful left uppercut (southpaw, from which the film takes its title) which sends the champion down to the ground. Miguel manages to get up before the count is over and is saved by the bell. Billy is declared the winner by a split-decision and reunites with Leila in the locker room, where she forgives his past mistakes and they embrace.
tt1700841
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
The film opens at the supermarket Shopwell's on a new day as customers are rolling in. The food there live in their own world where they greet each morning with a song about "The Great Beyond", where the "gods" (shoppers) take the food to their ultimate destiny. A pack of sausages and a bag of buns are placed next to each other during a 4th of July weekend sale. Frank (voice of Seth Rogen) is a sausage that wants to finally get all up in his bun girlfriend Brenda (voice of Kristen Wiig). He shares the pack with his buddies Carl (voice of Jonah Hill) and Barry (voice of Michael Cera). Barry is the smallest sausage and is mocked by Troy (voice of Anders Holm) and his pals. All the sausages and buns think they are destined to get together in The Great Beyond. For now, Frank and Brenda can only touch tips. They then witness one of the store's employees, Darren (voice of Paul Rudd), whom the food refer to as "the dark lord", coming around and throwing out all the expired food, despite the food pleading and insisting that they are still good. Later in the day, Honey Mustard (voice of Danny McBride) gets returned to Shopwell's. He is trembling in fear and appears traumatized, unable to speak about what he has just seen. As this happens, a shopper named Camille Toh (voice of Lauren Miller-Rogen) picks up the sausages and buns, and then Honey Mustard. While the rest of the food in the cart is celebrating being chosen, Honey Mustard stands up and tells the food that everything they have been led to believe about the gods and The Great Beyond is a bunch of bullshit. He says that the gods are preparing them for unspeakable horrors. Refusing to go back, Honey Mustard gets ready to leap off the cart. Frank gets out of his package and runs to catch him, leading Brenda to leave her bag to save Frank. Before falling, Honey Mustard tells Frank to seek out Firewater (voice of Bill Hader) to learn the answers he seeks. Another shopper then bumps his cart into Camille's, causing Honey Mustard to fall and crash. Several other products fall and become damaged. Banana's face peels off, Jelly gets splattered, a bag of chips gets popped and his chips slice the other food, and a can of noodles has his guts spill out. Frank and Brenda escape the chaos, but the store is now closed and they're away from their packages. They run into a douche named...Douche (voice of Nick Kroll), who's pissed that his nozzle is bent and therefore he cannot fulfill his purpose to have a woman use him. Douche tries to come at Frank and Brenda, but Darren sweeps him up into the garbage. Douche climbs out of the garbage bin and finds that his side is cracked, causing his juices to leak. He cries about not getting to do what he's made for. Douche then spots a broken grape juice box. He goes over to it and is then inspired to seek out revenge on Frank and Brenda. Douche drinks out of the box's crotch and gets juiced up, ready to get payback. Frank and Brenda head back to their aisles and meet the Armenian flatbread Lavash (voice of David Krumholtz) and Jewish Sammy Bagel, Jr (voice of Edward Norton). The two of them hate each other, as their food groups are made to believe they should. The four of them discover the aisles that form a city in the grocery store. Frank spots the liquor aisle and decides to seek out Firewater. They head down that aisle, and Frank finds Firewater's spot. He leaves Brenda with Lavash and Sammy as he goes to talk to Firewater. Frank encounters Firewater sitting around a fire. Frank asks him what Honey Mustard was talking about. Firewater explains that once the food goes out the door, the gods kill their asses. Thinking Frank has heard too much, Firewater puts a bag over his head and prepares to have him killed, but one of his friends talks him out of it. Frank then meets the Non-Perishables, which also include Mr. Grits (voice of Craig Robinson) and Twink (voice of Scott Underwood). Brenda goes looking for Frank and runs into Tequila (also Bill Hader), who says he knows where to find Frank. He takes Brenda, Lavash, and Sammy to a pub in the Mexican food aisle. Teresa Del Taco (voice of Salma Hayek) sees Brenda and becomes smitten with her. However, she knows that the three are being brought in for a trap. Teresa hides them as Douche arrives. He smashes Tequila and drinks his fluids, getting even more juiced up. Teresa leads the food out a secret passageway. Frank sits with the Non-Perishables as they smoke sativa from their pipe. Firewater admits that because they are Non-Perishable, and therefore immortal, they have seen the barbaric nature of the gods long before the rest of the food in the store, knowing full well what awaits them once they are out the doors. So, they made up the tale of the gods being saviors so that the next wave of food would leave the store happy instead of terrified. Firewater says they also made up the song (he made the tune, Twink made the lyrics), but other food have changed up the meaning to their liking, which upsets Firewater. Frank decides he has to warn everyone about what awaits them. Firewater tells him to go down the Dark Aisle in order to find the proof that he needs to get the food to realize what is really happening. At Camille's house, all the food is excited to see what they are in for. Camille picks out Potato (voice of Greg Tiernan) first. He is elated and thinks he is about to enter eternity...until Camille starts peeling his skin off, and then drops him into a pot of boiling water. The food then become horrified when a tomato gets chopped in half, a lettuce head is split in two, cheese is grated and microwaved onto nachos, and bacon is fried alive! Two little baby carrots try rolling away to freedom, but Camille catches them and eats them. Carl and Barry make a run for it out the window. They prepare to jump into the bushes when Camille sticks a knife through Carl and slices him upwards. Barry avoids the same fate as he falls into the bushes. Brenda, Teresa, Lavash, and Sammy walk down the back of the aisle. Brenda thinks all the bad stuff is happening because she and Frank touched tips, and now the gods are punishing her. Teresa admits that she has urges that she cannot give into for fear of angering the gods. They are then attacked by the jacked-up Douche. He is about to kill Brenda until she rips off the sticker that kept his juices from leaking. The food manages to escape from Douche as he gets stuck in the walls. Barry is now out in the streets, scared out of his wits. He finds a turd with zombie corn, and then a used condom who laments what he was used for. Barry hides and sees a Druggie (James Franco) stopping by with a Shopwell's bag. The Druggie buys bath salts and walks away. Barry thinks the man can help him get back to Frank to warn him. He runs after the Druggie and hangs onto his shoelace as he drives home. Frank reunites with his friends and tries to get them to follow him to the dark aisle so that he can show them proof of what the gods really do with them. However, Brenda remains firm in her beliefs and feels hurt that Frank would start badmouthing the gods right now. She decides that she would rather go to The Great Beyond without Frank and gets filled with something else, like an eggplant or tube of toothpaste, to Frank's horror. Brenda returns to her aisle and tearfully parts from Teresa. Meanwhile, Lavash and Sammy discover they have a common friend with Hummus, but they remain unable to put their differences aside and return to their arguing groups. Now at the Druggie's home, Barry tries to sneak into the Shopwell's bag. The Druggie them shoots up the bath salts and starts tripping balls. This causes him to be able to see, hear, and speak to Barry, as well as the other food in his room. The Druggie freaks out when he sees the half-eaten and conscious food, as well as the mortified Toilet Paper (voice of Conrad Vernon). Barry then meets a Stephen Hawking-like wad of gum named...Gum (also Scott Underwood), who is the most intelligent being in the world, having been stuck under the desk of a brilliant scientist for decades. Gum figures out how to get Barry back to the closest Shopwell's. The Druggie agrees to help Barry get home, but first he passes out. Frank goes down the Dark Aisle and finds a big recipe book. It contains disturbing depictions of the gods chowing down on food as it is fully aware of being eaten. Frank then sees the page with a sausage and bun being eaten. He rips that page out and sets out to tell the truth. The Druggie wakes up, but the effects of the bath salts wear off and he can't understand the food anymore. He starts eating the bag of chips, and then reaches for Barry. He goes to throw him in a boiling pot of water. It is now morning, and the store is about to open. Frank gets himself on camera and speakers to talk to all the food. He tries to explain to them that the gods are going to kill them and not take them to a Great Beyond. Frank shows off the pages of the recipe book, but the food thinks he is just speaking blasphemy and making things up. Frank leaves, defeated, but then reunites with Barry. He brings with him the decapitated head of the Druggie. We see how Barry managed to miss the boiling water, leading the Druggie to try and pick him up, only to knock over the pot and burn himself. Barry grabbed his shoelace and made him slip, causing him to fall and have an axe from from the wall and chop his head off, so Barry and the rest of the Druggie's food (plus Toilet Paper). With this revelation, Frank knows someone else has witnessed the barbarity of the gods firsthand. But now that they know the gods can be killed, the food sets out to stop them once and for all. Frank sees that Brenda is about to be taken away in another package. He races to get her while Barry has the house foods cook the bath salts and dip toothpicks in them, which they shoot at the shoppers and employees. They start to trip out and see the sentient food. The lady with Brenda's package freaks out and tries to run. Frank locks the store down, causing the woman to slam into the door. She grabs Frank, but Brenda whacks her face to the ground. The food tries to get the shopper's attention, but a woman slams a pizza slice against the door. The other shoppers start smashing the food when they see it's alive. This proves to the food that the gods are monsters. They decide it's time to fight back once and for all! The candy aisle shoots gumballs at an obese man. A bottle of cola and a tube of Mentos sacrifice themselves to go down the man's throat and blow him up. Other shoppers and employees get brutally attacked by the food. Darren goes to get a gun and finds Douche speaking to him. He offers to form an alliance so they can both kill Frank. Douche jumps into Darren's pants and sticks his nozzle up Darren's ass to control him. They go hunting for Frank as Darren shoots the food. Frank is caught by Douche, who takes a bite out of him. Brenda swings down to save Frank while Barry and his friends set up a garbage bin with explosives that hurdles toward Darren and Douche. The bin snatches them up, and the food sets them up to get launched out of the store where they perish in a massive explosion. Now that the food has won, Frank and Brenda decide to do what they've been wanting to do this whole time...get all up in each other. Lavash and Sammy come out with their feelings for each other and get in on the action, along with Teresa. The whole store them has one epic orgy, including the Non-Perishables, plus Barry and a smushed bun. After all the fun, Frank and his friends are guided by Gum to Firewater's lair. He tells them of another terrible truth - all of them are just cartoons coming from the mind of Seth Rogen and his buddies. Gum shows them a machine he's built for them to head out into the real world and cut the strings loose from these puppet masters. Frank and his friends hold hands as they make the leap into another crazy new world.
tt0490215
Drama,History
Over darkness, environmental sounds (crickets chirping, etc.) turn to silence in sync with the title card. On a mountainside, Japanese men are being tortured by other Japanese men as Father Ferreira (Liam Neeson) watches and narrates. Their naked bodies are burned with boiling water from a hot springs, using ladles with holes so that the water spreads and the torture is more painful. They are then nailed to wooden posts. But Father Ferreira says some of the men were happy to die this way because they were being persecuted for being Christians in 17th century feudal Japan and they were happy to become martyrs to show how strong their beliefs are. A title card reads that the year is 1637. Two Portuguese Jesuits, Father Rodrigues (Andrew Garfield) and Father Garupe (Adam Driver) listen as Father Valignano (Ciarán Hinds) reads the letter, which is said to be the last known writing from their mentor, Father Ferreira. Valignano says that Ferreira eventually apostatized to avoid being tortured and now lives in Japan in an arranged marriage. The two Portuguese priests do not believe this because Father Ferreira was a huge believer of Christianity and a powerful influence on everyone he knew. They were going to be dispatched to find Ferreira, but with this message, the task seems complete. However, Rodrigues and Garupe beg permission to go to Japan to find out the truth about Father Ferreira and clear his name. Valignano reluctantly allows them to go. Christians are no longer allowed into Japan because of all the torture going on, spearheaded by a government official, the Inquisitor named Inoue (Issei Ogata). The two priests are taken to a Chinese boat which they'll use to be transported to Japan, under the guide of a Japanese man named Kichijiro (Yôsuke Kubozuka), whom they find drunk and ragged on the floor of the boat. He promises to lead them to the Christians that are hidden although he claims he is not a Christian himself. On the voyage, the priests overhear Kichijiro muttering a prayer. But when asked, he still denies being Christian. The trio eventually makes it to Japan. Kichijiro seeks out Christians in the village and returns with a group who leads the two priests to a safe house. They continue up a mountain until they reach a charcoal hut in Tomogi, near Nagasaki. The priests are told to stay hidden inside. If any of the Christians want them to emerge, they will use a special knock. If someone approaches without knocking in the same fashion, the priests should immediately hide in a secret room built under the floorboards. Rodrigues and Garupe prove very essential to all the Christians who have had to live for years without a priest. The Japanese Christians confess to the men who are glad to offer their guidance despite not speaking the language and rarely being able to decipher what they are saying. Since the Christians aren't allowed to have anything that represents Christianity, Rodrigues gives them a crucifix that he has made himself. And he tears apart his rosary so he can give them each a bead. Kichijiro refuses to accept. He later explains that he WAS a Christian but, when his family was tortured, he denounced his faith. We see in a flashback Kichijiro's family held hostage after being declared Christians. One by one, they refuse to step on the fumi-e (a representation of Jesus) which later leads to them being burnt at the stake, but Kichijiro does trample on it, denouncing his faith to avoid death. This reveals why he doesn't consider himself a Christian. The two missionaries stay hidden in the tiny hut for a long period of time. They finally get restless and decide to go outside, despite the danger. After a time, they notice a few people watching from the bottom of the hill. Rodrigues and Garupe rush back into the hut and hide under the floorboard. Eventually they hear someone at the door, calling for them. The visitors sound like they want guidance but Garupe reminds Rodrigues they can't answer the door for anyone who doesn't signal as pre-established. Still Rodrigues trusts the men and emerges from the hiding spot. He learns that the group that has spotted them are Christians who had heard they were in the valley and traveled to request guidance. Their village, Goto, has kept their Christian beliefs because authorities have not yet persecuted them. Rodrigues becomes the priest for Goto and is happy to listen to confessions and hold masses. He is content with his work as a priest for the persecuted Japanese. But upon returning to Tomogi, he learns that a samurai and his men have been informed that there are secret Christians there and thus he will return to take hostages until the villagers agree to betray the Christians. He selects one man and tells the villagers to supply three more. Two leading Christians volunteer, and the villagers convince Kichijiro to be the third hostage since he is not from the village and thus won't be persecuted as harshly. Kichijiro reluctantly agrees. The men ask Rodrigues what to do if they're asking to trample the fumi-e. Rodrigues tells them to trample. The hostages are brought before a magistrate and told to trample on the fumi-e. They do so, as Rodrigues advised. But then they are ordered to spit on the fumi-e and to declare that the Blessed Virgin is a whore. The village men don't do this, but Kichijiro is quick to be blasphemous. He is set free while the other men are sent off to be tortured. They are put on crosses in the sea and when the high tide comes, they are slowly drowned. Rodrigues begins to have a crisis of faith, disappointed by the silence of God despite the agony of His followers. Rodrigues and Garupe separate. Rodrigues takes a boat to a new village but finds it abandoned, filled with filth and wild cats. He realizes that someone else is on the trail when he finds a fire that was recently put out. Eventually he finds Kichijiro who swears he was not the one who betrayed the villagers and hasn't betrayed Rodrigues, even though 300 silver coins are being promised for his capture. Kichijiro promises to take Rodrigues to a safe place. Rodrigues is reluctant to trust him but does so anyway. After Kichijiro gives Rodrigues salty fish to eat, he complains of thirst. Kichijiro leaves to gather water. When he returns, he drops the glass jar but tells Rodrigues that there is a stream nearby where he can drink as much as he would like. Rodrigues goes to the stream and looks at his reflection which turns into Jesus face, similar to his own ragged visage. He begins to laugh hysterically. And then realizes he is surrounded by officials. Kichijiro asks for forgiveness for his betrayal and silver coins are tossed at him by the persecutors. Rodrigues is taken to a village where some Japanese Christians are being held prisoner in a small hut. They give him some food and he begins to mentor the group. He is kept in his own small hut, a sort of prison made of wood. A samurai appears and tells the peasants their lives will all be spared if Rodrigues apostatizes. Rodrigues is brought before a samurai and they discuss Christianity. The man says the Japanese do not want Christianity. Rodrigues says that Christianity is not something that will only flourish in one area like plants, it can grow anywhere. The man points out that Japan is a swamp and plants cannot grow there. Rodrigues said it would grow if it the believers weren't being poisoned by persecutions and tortures. The man tells him the poison is Christianity. Rodrigues asks about Father Ferreira and is told he did, in fact, apostatize and now lives in Nagasaki with a Japanese wife in a home that was provided for him upon converting to Buddhism. Rodrigues demands to speak to the Inquisitor Inoue, the man who has spearheaded the cause to kill all Christians lest they apostatize. He learns that the man he's speaking to is the Inquisitor. Rodrigues is taken to a new prison where he meets other inmates, all Christians, whom he continues to mentor: preaching to them, hearing confessions. The other Christian prisoners are then brought out and told they have to trample on the fumi-e to apostatize. They're assured it's only a formality and it will not tarnish their beliefs to do so. All the men refuse to trample and are sent back to their prison, although one man is asked to stay behind. Rodrigues is relieved none of them were killed. Then a man approaches the remaining prisoner and quickly slices his head off. His headless body is dragged across the dirt, leaving a trail of blood, as Rodrigues and the other prisoners scream and cry. Once again, Rodrigues begins to doubt God because of His silence. Rodrigues debates with the Inquisitor about Christianity. Inoue says that if Japan had four concubines, should he persistently pursue the ugly ones? Rodrigues tells him Christians believe in monogamy which makes Inoue laugh. He admits that Christianity isn't necessarily evil but it has been used for evil and has ruined other nations. Rodrigues is returned to his hut and is treated well, which makes him suspicious. Rodrigues is taken to Nagasaki where he sees Garupe down on the beach, along with other Christians. These Christians are wrapped in straw mats and put onto a boat, which rows away from shore and then drops them into the sea. Rodrigues is told they all apostatized; he wonders why they they aren't set free. He is told the group are all peasant farmers and it doesn't matter what happens to them; what's more important is converting a priest to abandon his faith. Rodrigues tries to shout out that Garupe should apostatize to save the people's lives but he goes unheard. All the Christians are slowly drowned. Garupe swims out to them but also drowns. Rodrigues suggests being killed himself but is told they will not make a martyr of him. Rodrigues now lives in depression. Eventually he's taken to a Buddhist temple to meet someone. We flashback to a man being held upside down into a pit with his head blocked in by two wooden boards. This man is revealed to be Father Ferreira, now known as Sawano Chuan. Ferreira tells Rodrigues that he now writes on astronomy and medicine for the Japanese. He is also writing a book denouncing Christianity. Ferreira encourages Rodrigues to apostatize and tells him about the pit. We now see in full the method the Japanese used to torture Ferreira and convert him to Buddhism: a small incision was made behind his ear and then he was held upside down over a pit of feces as the blood slowly dripped down his head. He was kept there for days. He also tells Rodrigues that the Japanese Christians always had a distorted version of the religion. They've never accepted the God of Christianity. Rodrigues points out that he has seen many Japanese die for their beliefs. Ferreira tells him the Japanese have never had a concept of God and never will. Rodrigues will not apostatize and he is bound to a horse and paraded around the town. The townspeople berate him. He is encouraged to give up, being told that a lot of the hecklers were once Christians, now Buddhists. Rodrigues is taken to the Inquisitor's house and asked to denounce his faith to avoid torture, but Rodrigues refuses. Rodrigues is taken into a cell where he sees Laudate Eum carved into the wall. He spends the night worried about his impending torture. Kichijiro arrives and asks to be absolved for his sins. Reluctantly, Rodrigues does so. Father Ferreira arrives and tells Rodrigues that he was the one who carved Laudate Eum in to the wall because he was held captive there before being tortured in the pit. He tells Rodrigues that God was silent in his time of need. Rodrigues gets offended when he hears a loud snoring and screams that the guard stop being so loud on his fateful night. Ferreira tells him that the snores are actually the sounds of people being tortured and takes him nearby where he sees Japanese Christians hanging upside down in pits, as Ferreira had been. Rodrigues realizes he has been sitting by idly while this torture was going on, having mistaken the noise. Ferreira mentions the silence of God throughout Rodrigues' struggles and tells him that Christ would apostatize to keep the villagers from being tortured. The next morning, a fumi-e is brought out and Rodrigues is asked to trample on it. He struggles and then finally hears God's voice, telling him he was there throughout the silence, suffering alongside him. He hears Jesus telling him he must trample; that He was born into this world to share men's pain hence why He carried the cross. Rodrigues steps onto Jesus' figure and then collapses. Having apostatized, he is given the same fate as Ferreira. He is renamed Apostate Paul and spends his time, with Ferreira, checking trade goods and identifying any that have overt or hidden Christian symbols. One of the objects is the crucifix Rodrigues had initially given to a villager upon arriving in Japan. It is arranged for Rodrigues to take over the estate of a man after he dies, as well as the man's wife and a child. Rodrigues is regularly required to deny Christianity, in writing and in public by stepping on a fumi-e. At one such event, Kichijiro is found to have a religious emblem inside a necklace he wears. He says he acquired it from someone else and didn't know what was in its locket. He is dragged away. Forty years pass and Rodrigues spends the rest of his life in Japan as a Buddhist. He dies, and is given Buddhist rites. His body will be cremated as is the custom in Buddhism. But while his body is being burned, the camera reveals that a confiscated crucifix is clutched in his hand.
tt1211837
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
A sorcerer, later revealed to be Kaecilius (Mads Mikkelsen), tears some pages from a chained book in a old, seemingly gothic library. His minions restrain the librarian/guardian with bands of energy. Kaecilius uses two large knives to decapitate the man and escapes with the help of several followers. The owner of the book, whom we later meet as the Ancient One (Tilda Swinton), goes after them. As he flees, Kaecilius bends, folds, and reshapes the streets and buildings of the city (think Inception (2010), but more kaleidoscopic). Though she's a formidable magical fighter, the Ancient One is unable to pin down Kaecilius and he escapes. Dr. Steven Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch) is cool and confident as he performs a delicate brain operation. As he finishes, Dr. Christine Palmer (Rachel McAdams) rushes in to show him an x-ray of a patient with a bullet in his brain. He immediately dismisses the case as hopeless but with further prodding from Christine, he realizes that the patient is comatose because his medulla oblongata has been poisoned by trace elements in the bullet. Strange realizes he can save the man's life and goes to the ER surgery and quickly does a manual extraction with forceps, demonstrating his impressive hand control. The doctor who made the initial diagnosis, Nicodemus West (Michael Stuhlbarg) is left humiliated by Strange's overwhelming ego. Later, Strange and Christine joke about their on-again, off-again relationship. She turns down his request to join him that evening. Strange dresses for the evening in his expensive condo, pausing to choose from a drawer full of high-end watches. Speeding out of his condo in his Lamborghini Huracán, Strange heads north. He calls an assistant to consider his next patients; he's in high demand but he wants only difficult, interesting cases. Distracted and driving recklessly, he crashes and the car plunges into the river. As his car is wrecked, his hands slam into the dashboard. He is airlifted back to his hospital and Christine is there when he awakens, badly hurt. His hands have had to be rebuilt and are immobilized in a framework of pins and wires. Recovering slowly after further surgeries, his hands remain stiff and shaky -- he can no longer work as a neurosurgeon. Feeling sorry for himself, Strange breaks up with Christine. He hears about a man called Jonathan Pangborn (Benjamin Bratt) who, inexplicably, recovered from a half-body paralysis. Strange finds Pangborn playing basketball and the man tells him he found the cure in Kamar-Taj. Strange makes his way to Nepal and wanders the streets of Kathmandu. He is noticed and followed. Mordo (Chiwetel Ejiofor) saves him from muggers and takes him to Kamar-Taj, where he meets the Ancient One. She knows all about Strange and introduces him to an alternate reality where many hidden universes and dimensions can be harnessed for power and mystical guidance. He begins training and slowly learns to open gates to jump across the world. He learns the temple is part of a secret group saving the world from enemies in other dimensions and universes. While training, Mordo shows Strange a magic stick, a relic that can be used as a weapon and says relics must choose their user. He explains that Kaecilius, a former student of the Ancient One, has stolen a spell from a book and escaped with three zealots; there is worry he will decipher the spell and call in Dormammu from the Dark Dimension to take over the world. Strange is upset and says he hasn't come to join their group, only to cure his hands. Strange visits Kamar-Taj's library, which is kept by Wong (Benedict Wong). Strange becomes a voracious student, borrowing and reading many books from the humorless Wong. When he asks about the book that Kaecilius was after, Wong explains that it's reserved for use only by the Sorceror Supreme and it's the one that Kaecilius stole pages from. When Strange masters creating portals, he steals more books from the library and learns about astral projection. One night when Wong appears to be out of the library, Strange learns how to use a time-shifting pendant, the Eye of Agamotto, which enables him to see the missing page from the book. Mordo and Wong tell him it is forbidden to use time spells as they can cause time loops that a wielder can be stuck in forever and also let evil forces into their universe. Wong explains that are three Sanctums, in London, New York, and Hong Kong, where the group watches out for the world. He also gives more of Dormammu's history, that he is a purely evil being bent on conquering all the known worlds and that Earth has long been his ultimate target. Kaecilius finally deciphers the stole spell and his group attacks the London Sanctum, a plain building with a logo window. The backlash from the London Sanctum throws Strange through a door and into the New York Sanctum. The building is deserted as he wanders the floors looking at various artifacts. He notices a burgundy cloak in a glass case that moves as he looks at it. At the end of a corridor he finds three glass doors that turn out to be gateways to other places; the destination is changed by turning a dial next to each door. Kaecilius and his group attack the New York Sanctum. Strange develops fighting skills on the fly. He gets rid of two zealots using the gateways and the burgundy cloak, a relic which seems to have some intelligence and wraps itself around him. The cloak helps him subdue the third zealot and restrain Kaecilius in an antique binding rack. Strange and Kaecilius have a talk about the Ancient One and immortality in which Kaecilius claims that the Ancient One has achieved her long life using powers from the Dark Dimension. Once Strange lets down his guard the third zealot revives and stabs him. Strange manages to open a gate and stagger into a cleaner's closet in Christine's hospital. He finds her and barely manages to get on a table as Christine hooks him to a heart monitor and performs and emergency pericardiocentesis to drain excess blood from around his heart. Meanwhile, Strange separates his astral body and continues to fight the zealot, finally killing him with the help of Christine, who shocks him with a defibrillator, killing the zealot. The zealot isn't visible to Christine, but she can tell something is going on and she's very spooked. Sewn up and recovering, Strange tells Christine he must return and goes back through the gate. Kaecilius has escaped and Mordo joins Strange in New York. The Ancient One also comes and suggests Strange take over the New York Sanctum. They're impressed the magical cape, known as the Cloak of Levitation, has chosen him. However, Strange is reluctant to take the position until they tell him more about Kaecilius and also about the Ancient One's use of dark magic to prolong her life. Kaecilius returns with more zealots and Strange creates a Mirror Dimension to contain the fight, which spills out into the street. Kaecilius uses his powers to shape-shift the city (as he did in the opening scene when he fought the Ancient One) and disorient Strange. The Ancient One returns to help but she falls and is mortally wounded. Strange takes her to Christine's hospital but it is too late. Strange follows the Ancient One's spirit in his astral form and they talk overlooking New York City. She accepts this is her end and suggests Strange can take over. Back in the New York Sanctum, Strange and Mordo realize Hong Kong is next on Kaecilius' list. They gate over but the Hong Kong Sanctum has been overrun and the destructive force is enveloping the city. Wong, who was guarding it, is dead and Dormammu's Dark Dimension is growing from the location of the Sanctum. Strange uses the Eye of Agamotto to start reversing the process but Kaecilius recovers and manages to stun Strange, stopping the process before it can complete . Strange thinks of something and flies off into the heart of the Dormammu's Dark Dimension. Here, he confronts Dormammu and manages to create an infinite time loop: Dormammu kills Strange in various ways but time is always reset to the moment Strange first confronted him. Dormammu is furious but finally agrees to leave Earth alone in return for Strange stopping the time loop. Back on the street, Strange sends Kaecilius and his crew into the Dark Dimension just before it vanishes. Mordo is upset that Strange broke the rules in using the time pendant and that the Ancient One used what he considers to be forbidden powers to prolong her life. Before she died, the Ancient One warned Strange that Mordo was very big on following the rules -- both his weakness and his strength -- and that Strange's flexibility would be an important factor when they worked together. But Mordo says there must be a reckoning and he retires from the group and walks away. Strange takes over the New York Sanctum. He puts the Eye of Agamotto back in its guarded place at Kamar-Taj, where Wong tells him it's an infinity stone. Sometime later Dr. Strange sits with Thor and agrees to help him find Odin and rid Earth of Thor's scheming brother, Loki. Mordo visits Pangborn and takes back the magic repairing his back. Pangborn collapses. Mordo says the problem is too many sorcerers on Earth.
tt1502712
Action,Adventure,Drama
In the year 2007, young Reed Richards does a presentation for his class and states that he wants to be the first person to teleport through dimensions. His classmates laugh at him and his teacher Mr. Kenny (Dan Castellaneta) mocks his goal, but Ben Grimm takes an interest in Reed's words. Later that night, Reed sneaks into Ben's family's junkyard and gets him to help him bring a device into his basement. Reed gets a toy car and attempts to show Ben that teleportation is very real. He activates his machine and fries every transformer in the neighborhood, but he manages to teleport the car and sees a pile of rocks where the car used to be. Ben tells Reed he's insane. Seven years later, teenage Reed (Miles Teller) and Ben (Jamie Bell) are best friends entering a science fair to show off their machine. Reed teleports a kid's model plane but causes an energy surge that breaks a basketball net, disqualifying him. He and Ben are approached by Dr. Franklin Storm (Reg E. Cathey) and his adopted daughter Sue (Kate Mara). Impressed by Reed's invention, Franklin invites him to join him in a project at the Baxter Foundation. Ben later gives Reed his old pocketknife as a going-away present. Franklin speaks before a board of other researchers headed by Dr. Harvey Allen (Tim Blake Nelson), who isn't too eager to put young scientists on this project. Franklin wants to use inter-dimensional travel to acquire new resources that can be used on Earth. He later goes to see out Victor Von Doom (Toby Kebbell), as he is the one that started the project. Franklin finds him in a shack and urged him to go back and work with him, despite Victor being rejected before. Victor only agrees because he has a thing for Sue. Meanwhile, Franklin's son Johnny (Michael B. Jordan) in a street race. He initially stalls out but catches up and puts the pedal to the metal... until his car's engine blows out. Franklin finds Johnny in the hospital as he is leaving with an injured arm and scolds him for wasting his potential, but Johnny resents his dad for putting more focus on his work than his family. Johnny joins the team and quickly befriends Reed. Victor is cold and snobby towards them, but the whole team works together and creates a bigger teleportation machine based off of Reed's designs, known as the "Quantum Gate". After the machine is complete, the team sends a little chimp through the other dimension, which they call "Planet Zero." They receive video surveillance of the planet, and they successfully bring the chimp back in one piece. Allen then tells the team that he and the other board members will be recruiting NASA members to be the first human subjects to travel to Planet Zero, despite Franklin trying to convince Allen that the team is ready. Reed and Johnny share a drink with Victor as they lament this news. They decide that they're gonna go ahead and teleport themselves anyway. Reed calls Ben and invites him to join them. The four guys suit up and teleport themselves to Planet Zero. Sue picks up a notice that the Quantum Gate was activated and she calls Franklin to the lab. On Planet Zero, the guys find soil and a green substance that reacts to organic matter. It starts to turn in a bad way and then causes an eruption. Realizing the place is unstable, the guys run back to the Quantum Gate. They climb back up a hill, only for Victor to be hit by a lot of the substance, causing him to fall into it. The other three run back and contact Sue, but Ben's pod gets filled with rocks while Johnny gets hit by a big ball of fire. They're teleported back, bringing a wave of radiation with them that hits Sue as well, making her partially invisible. When Reed comes to, he crawls over to Ben as he calls for help beneath a pile of rocks. Johnny is unconscious and completely on fire. Reed then sees his leg has stretched to an unnatural length and he faints. Reed awakens to find himself strapped to a bed with his limbs stretched out. He repeatedly asks for Ben but none of the doctors answer him. When they leave, he removes the straps and crawls through the air vents as he hears Ben calling for him. When Reed finds him, he sees Ben has been mutated into a huge rock creature. He begs Reed for help, but Reed hears people coming. He promises Ben he'll be back for him, and Reed escapes. He flee from the facility known as Area 57 and flee into the forest. One year later. Allen has used Ben/Thing as an asset in warfare due to his size and strength. He is seen smashing tanks on the field. Johnny/Human Torch has managed to control his fire and flight powers, while Sue/Invisible Girl is exercising her invisibility and force field powers. Both have been given suits to accommodate these powers. Meanwhile, everyone is still looking for Reed. Sue tracks the pattern of the last few places he's been spotted. She gets a reading by tracking his emails, recognizing "cptn_n3mo" from when they talked about "20,000 Leagues Under The Sea." Reed is in Panama, able to disguise himself by altering his facial features. He detects that the airbase is breached and he is found by some mercenaries. Reed avoids their attacks by stretching and escaping, but Ben catches him. Feeling betrayed by Reed for abandoning him, he headbutts Reed and has him brought in. Reed is taken to Area 57. Allen tells him that he wants Reed to help reactivate the Quantum Gate, and they may be able to find a cure from Planet Zero. Reed reluctantly agrees to help his friends. After some time, Reed is reunited with the other three and a group of explorers re-enter Planet Zero. They detect a life form in the distance. It's Victor. The explorers bring him back and see his whole body coated in metal, a result of his suit fusing with him and the green substance. Victor awakens and says that he has grown stronger on Planet Zero and feels that he must destroy Earth to recreate Planet Zero in his own image. He starts to manipulate the objects in the room and kills a couple of doctors before blowing up Allen's head. Victor breaks out and continues blowing up heads before getting back to the Quantum Gate. Franklin tries to stop him, but Victor fries him. Before dying, Franklin tells Sue and Johnny to look after each other. Reed, Sue, Johnny, and Ben run after him and follow him through the Gate. Everyone is back on Planet Zero. Victor has opened a black hole in order to absorb Earth matter and destroy it. The four realize they need to take him out in order to take out the portal. Victor continues manipulating the environment against the four, pinning them down. Reed tells them that he may be stronger than each of them, but not all of them together. Sue maintains a force field on the portal briefly while Reed distracts Victor. Ben declares, "It's clobberin time!" and punches Victor into the path of the black hole, absorbing and destroying him. Johnny then manages to close the portal while he flies and Sue brings herself, Reed, and Ben back to Earth. The military, while hesitant to continue working with the four, reward them for saving the world and agree to give them a private base of operations. Reed decides the team needs a name. Ben admires the place and comments that it's fantastic. And suddenly, Reed knows what to call the team. The Fantastic Four... end credits.
tt0439572
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
After the death of Barry Allen while stopping the Anti-Monitor, Wally West assumes the mantle of The Flash. However, he must deal with fading powers as well as the mental unstability of his longtime friend, Hal Jordan.
tt1051904
Adventure,Comedy,Family
Zach Cooper (Dylan Minnette) is reluctantly moving from New York City to Madison, Delaware with his mother, Gale (Amy Ryan). Arriving at the new house, he is greeted by the neighbor, a beautiful girl named Hannah (Odeya Rush). Her father, R. L. Stine (Jack Black) gruffly tells him to stay on his side of the fence. In his room, Zach watches a video of the New York mayor paying tribute to his father, a fireman who was killed in the line of duty. The next day, he goes to his new school where his mom is the vice principal. At an assembly, his mom talks about tomorrow's fall dance. A kid named Champ (Ryan Lee) sits down next to Zach and awkwardly tries to chat. That night, when Zach is taking out the garbage, Hannah walks up and startles him. He says he didn't see her in school, and she tells him that she's homeschooled. She asks him to take a walk with her, and she leads him into a forest. They arrive at an abandoned theme park, and they climb up to the top of a Ferris wheel. He tells her about his father, and she says that she never knew her mother, and her dad keeps moving her from town to town. Back on the ground, they walk home, and Hannah's dad grabs her shoulder and orders her back inside. The next night, Zach hears a scream coming from Hannah's house. He runs over and is met by Mr. Stine, who tells him to go back home. He runs home and dials 911, and the police show up at Mr. Stine's door. Zach asks where Hannah is, and Mr. Stine says that she's staying in London with her mom. Another scream echoes through the house, and the cops force their way in. The scream came from the TV set. Gale apologizes and takes Zach home. That night, Gale leaves to chaperone the dance, and Zach's aunt Lorraine comes over to babysit. Zach looks into the neighbors' window, and sees the silhouette of Hannah in the house. He goes to his room, shuts the door, makes a phone call and opens the window to sneak out. Champ meets him in the driveway, and they go over to the house together. After Mr. Stine leaves, Zach jimmies the lock on the cellar door and they walk in. He finds the floor covered with bear traps. Going upstairs, he finds a study with shrunken heads, voodoo dolls and a sarcophagus. On a shelf, he sees books bound in leather with locks on the front. Champ recognizes the titles as Goosebumps books. Finding a key, Zach opens up the book "The Abominable Snowman of Pasadena." Just then, a shadowy figure swings a baseball bat at Champ's head. Zach pushes Champ out of the way at the last second, and then turns on a light. He sees Hannah standing there. She asks what he's doing in her house, but then notices the unlocked book. He picks it up to put it away, but it pops open. Suddenly, a fifteen-foot snowman appears, bounding out through a wall and running off into the forest. Hannah grabs the book and runs after the monster, with Zach and Champ running after. Following the trail of destruction, they arrive at an ice rink. They see Hannah climb in through a broken window, and they follow. They find Hannah in the middle of the ice, still holding the book. They walk out to her, and candy rains down around them. They see a vending machine flying through the air toward them, and they scatter as the machine crashes down on the ice. Hannah tells them the only way to get rid of the monster is to suck it back into the book. As the monster runs toward her, she opens up the book, and it starts to get sucked in, but then lifts an arm and swats the book out of her hands. Hannah runs toward the book, but the monster slams his fist down, causing her to lose her balance and fall. Zach grabs a hockey stick and knocks the book across the ice. Champ gets on a Zamboni, and the monster chases him. It destroys the Zamboni with one blow as Champ jumps free and slides into the penalty box. The monster turns toward the other two, but they manage to slide into the box and shut the door. The monster pounds on the Plexiglas, and it starts to crack. Mr. Stine shows up and opens the book, and the monster gets sucked in, turning into letters as it gets close to the page. He shuts the book and orders them all into the car. On the ride home, Zach goads Mr. Stine to reveal his true identity as the author of the Goosebumps series. Back at home, Hannah's dad tells her that they'll have to move again. Zach steps into the house, and Mr. Stine instinctively throws a candelabra at his head. His throw is wide, and Zach demands to know what's going on. Mr. Stine tells him that as a child, he had severe allergies that kept him indoors, and the neighborhood kids would taunt him and throw rocks at his window. He made up monsters that would terrorize the other kids, and one day they became real, leaping off the page. He says they're safe as long as the books stay locked. He and Hannah grab the books, and Zach finds "Night of the Living Dummy" on the floor with a broken lock. They hear laughter, and see a living dummy named Slappy (Avery L Jones) sitting in the chair. Mr. Stine approaches Slappy with the book, but Slappy lights a match and sets the pages on fire. Slappy leaves the house with the rest of the books. Going to the kitchen, they find lawn gnomes popping out from everywhere. A gnome tosses a knife that just misses Zach's head. Another group of gnomes ties up Mr. Stine, and drag him toward the oven, which they have turned on. Frantically, the kids smash all of the gnomes, thinking they have won. But then, the pieces of porcelain fly back together. They run through the basement, dodging the bear traps. The gnomes follow, but fall into the traps and get shattered. The group runs out, locking the door behind them. Outside, they find a pile of burned books. They drive around town looking for Slappy, finding only destruction everywhere. There's a thump on the hood of the car, and a tiny hand print appears on the windshield. The Invisible Boy climbs up to the roof, reaches in and grabs Champ. He lifts Champ up and starts slapping him. Mr. Stine hits the brakes, and Invisible Boy flies off the car. Driving onto Main Street, they find people frozen into statues. Zach tells Mr. Stine that if he wrote the monsters into life, he could write them out with a story where they were all captured. Mr. Stine says he can only write a story on his personal typewriter, or else it won't work. The typewriter is in a display case at the school. On the ride, Zach tries to talk to Hannah, but Mr. Stine puts his hand between them. Distracted, Mr. Stine doesn't see the people in the road, and runs into them and through them. They were ghosts. He drives into the leg of a giant praying mantis. Speeding off with the mantis in pursuit, he drives into a supermarket parking lot and crashes into a parked car. The group runs into the store as the mantis smashes the car. Hannah tells them they can get to the school by cutting across a cemetery. They grab some chips and soda, and Hannah sees that Zach has a cut on his forehead. She dabs it with antiseptic. In the meat section, they see a werewolf gnawing on a steak. They try to sneak by, but the wolf hears them and starts running their way. They all split up, and the wolf chases Mr. Stine. In the pets section, Zach finds a rubber steak and tosses it across the store. The wolf charges after it, and the group runs for the exit. The wolf sees them and resumes chase. Zach turns over a mop bucket, and the wolf slips and slides as they run out the door, slamming it shut behind them. The wolf breaks down the door, and the group finds themselves trapped in the back parking lot, with the wolf rapidly closing distance. Suddenly, they see headlights, and a car rams the wolf, knocking it into a brick wall. Aunt Lorraine pops her head out. Zach tells her to go to the police station and have the cops meet them at the school. At the station, Lorraine finds only Slappy, and some aliens pop out and shoot her with a freeze-ray gun. The group walks across the cemetery, and Hannah gets her jacket tangled in the fingers of a statue. Zach helps her get free, but when the moonlight hits her, she starts to fade away. Zach realizes she's not a real person, just another character Mr. Stine created. Suddenly, a hand reaches out from the grave and grabs his ankle. Zach gets himself free from the grip of a graveyard ghoul, but more pop out from the ground and give chase. The group runs to the back gate, and the kids get through. The ghouls grab Mr. Stine and pull him back, and the kids grab his arms. A tug-of-war ensues, and Mr. Stine kicks the ghouls in the face, causing them to let go. Making it to the school, the group sees kids dancing, and they look through the cases for the typewriter. Stine finds it, and tells the kids to warn the other students to barricade the doors while he writes. At the football field, Slappy gathers the monsters he already set free, and then unleashes the rest, saving one for the perfect time. At the dance, Zach gets on the microphone and tells everyone there are monsters outside, and they have to lock the doors. At first, nobody takes him seriously, but when they look out, they see the mantis squashing cars in the parking lot. Everyone panics, but Zach tells them they need to barricade the school. He tells them to grab anything that can be used as a weapon. They grab mops and buckets, and various sports equipment. Then they put desks in front of the gym doors. Tiny robots with laser eyes break through, and twelve-foot scarecrows punch holes in the windows. Stine furiously types out a story, and Slappy approaches. Slappy tells him that they share a consciousness since they are really the same person. Slappy says that if he stops, Slappy will let him live. When he refuses, Slappy slams the lid on his hands, breaking his fingers. The kids find Stine, and they grab the typewriter and run into the storage room with the rest of the students and lock the door. The monsters bang on the windows. Stine sees a line of buses, and he says that if he can drive off in one, he'll lead the monsters away. Zach sees a tackling dummy in the corner and gets an idea. A bus drives off, and Slappy tells the monsters to kill Stine. The mantis catches up to the bus and kicks it across the road, causing it to crumple in a heap. The monsters approach the bus, and find only the tackling dummy inside. A ghoul sees a thread on the outside of the bus and pulls on it, causing the bus to explode. Stine drives the kids away in another bus, dictating to Zach what to write. Stine knows that Slappy will find him wherever he goes, since they share thoughts. He tells them he needs to go to a place he's never seen before, to buy time before Slappy can find them. Hannah tells him to go to the abandoned amusement park. They all hide in a funhouse, with Zach typing as fast as he can. Slappy finds them, and unleashes the last monster. The Blob pops out of the pages, and the group runs for the exit. Outside, the monster army is waiting for them, and the kids run to the Ferris wheel. Stine tells Zach that he can finish the book on his own. The kids climb up the Ferris wheel as the Blob eats Stine with one gulp. Hannah cries out, but Champ sees that he's still alive inside the body. The monster army starts climbing the Ferris wheel. Zach types out, "As the monsters converged, Zach closed his eyes, opened the book, and the monsters were swallowed back into the world of paper and ink, NEVER TO BE SEEN AGAIN. THE END!" The mantis gnaws at the bolts of the wheel, and it rolls off the base and sends them crashing to the ground. The kids crawl out of the seat, and Hannah tells Zach to open up the book. Zach realizes that Hannah will also disappear. Zach grabs it and opens it up, causing all of the monsters to get sucked in. He grabs and holds Hannah as her body loses substance. As the Blob gets dragged along, Stine is able to free himself, but Slappy grabs onto him, trying not to fall into the book. Stine kicks Slappy, causing him to land in the center of the vortex. Hannah kisses Zach before getting drawn into the book. Champ shuts it, and the wind dies down. Months later, the town is rebuilt, and the school reopens. Zach is now the most popular kid in class. He and Champ go into English class together, and a new teacher introduces himself. "Hello, my name is R. L. Stine," he says, noting that their regular teacher was still recovering from an attack by a mutant insect. Zach tells him that he really misses Hannah, and Stine tells him that she's still alive in their minds and hearts, and also down the hallway. Stine tells Zach that he might have written one more book. Hannah hugs Zach as Stine burns the book. Stine finds his typewriter, and sees the keys move on their own, and on the paper appears, "The Invisible Boy's Revenge." He sees his scared reflection in a glass window, and next to it, a tiny hand print.
tt0462335
Drama
The unnerving tale of life in a modern tower block running out of control. Within the concealing walls of an elegant forty-storey tower block, the affluent tenants are hell-bent on an orgy of destruction. Cocktail parties degenerate into marauding attacks on 'enemy' floors and the once-luxurious amenities become an arena for technological mayhem...In this classic visionary tale, human society slips into violent reverse as the inhabitants of the high-rise, driven by primal urges, recreate a world ruled by the laws of the jungle.
tt1219827
Action,Drama,Sci-Fi
In the near future, humans have become enhanced with cybernetic upgrades. Hanka Robotics Corporation is the top company in this type of technology, and is on the verge of developing a new kind of cyborg that uses a human brain to function. A woman, named Mira Killian (Scarlett Johansson), is being taken into Hanka after an accident. Her brain is placed into the body of a cyborg with greater strength and agility. Once the process is complete, her designer, Dr. Ouelet (Juliette Binoche), speaks to Hanka's CEO Cutter (Peter Ferdinando). Cutter wants to place Mira in Section 9, an anti-terrorism squad, but Ouelet feels she is not ready for something like that. One year later, Mira is now known as The Major. She is on the roof of a building listening in on a meeting between Hanka representative Dr. Osmond and an African Ambassador (Chris Obi). The Major receives her orders from Section 9 Chief Daisuke Aramaki (Takeshi Kitano) and works alongside Batou (Pilou Absaek) and Ladriya (Danusia Samal). In the conference, several geisha-bots start to attack the people in the room, leading The Major to spring into action, against Aramaki's orders. She goes invisible and jumps off the roof before swinging into the room and she starts shooting the geisha-bots. One of the geisha-bots hacks into Dr. Osmond's neck and kills him before The Major gets to it. The geisha-bot says "Commit to the will of Hanka and be destroyed." The Major shoots it. The Section 9 team meets with Aramaki to discuss the attack. They learn that the geisha-bots were hacked from a mysterious source, also uttering the same phrase that the geisha-bot said to The Major. The rest of the team leaves but Aramaki talks to The Major about her move by jumping into the room. Aramaki informs her that she still has her ghost (her soul) within her shell (her cyborg body). The Major meets with Dr. Ouelet frequently to repair her body when it has been damaged. The Major has trouble remembering her past, only seeing brief glimpses and flashes. Ouelet dismisses her hallucinations as glitches, but she is shown to care for The Major. The Major and Batou are driving around the city. She mentions what little memory she has of her past, which involves her family dying getting to the country. On the road, The Major sees a hallucination of a burning hut. The Major and Batou meet with Dr. Dahlin (Anamaria Marinca) with the geisha-bot body. The Major deep-dives into the geisha-bot's AI to try and get more answers on the hacker. The Major finds herself walking through a club with distorted images. She is grabbed by the entity, forcing Batou to pull her out of the connection. The Major says she knows where to find the hacker. The Major and Batou go to a Yakuza nightclub with Ladriya. The Major is pulled into a room by two men who force her to dance while she is handcuffed to a pole and is zapped by a cattle prod. The room also blocks a signal for her to communicate with Batou. The Major then starts fighting the men in the room, kicking one out of the room and leading to a shootout that Batou engages in. He and The Major kill a number of goons before they head off to find the hacker. They run toward a room that is really a trap. A bomb goes off that damages The Major's body and blinds Batou. Batou receives cybernetic eyes to replace his damaged ones while The Major's body is repaired. Meanwhile, Cutter meets with Aramaki with anger over The Major doing the deep-dive. Aramaki warns Cutter who he is threatening since Aramaki answers to the Prime Minister and not Hanka. The hacker (Michael Pitt) finds Dr. Dahlin and rips her eyes out before killing her. The Section 9 team finds her body, and The Major pulls a drive out of Dahlin's hand which contains names of other Hanka associates, including Ouelet. They figure she is the hacker's next target. The hacker controls two sanitation workers to ram their truck into Ouelet's car. She survives but the men step outside and try to shoot her. The Major and her partners arrive in time to shoot back at the men. She chases after one man, Lee, as he runs by a body of water. The Major fights him while invisible until Batou shows up and stops her. Lee is interrogated after the hacker's connection is severed. He informs Section 9 that he was on his way to pick up his daughter. The Major shows him a photo of what he sees as his daughter, but is really a picture of himself. They determine that the hacker placed fake memories in Lee's head. The hacker, whose name is learned to be Kuze, then speaks through Lee to threaten Section 9 before making Lee jump to hang himself with the cable around his neck. Section 9 member Togusa (Chin Han) traces the hacker's signal to a hidden location. The Major finds Kuze as he is connected to a network with other humanoid cyborg bodies. Kuze reveals that he was a test subject of Hanka's, but considered a failure and a freak on account of his deformed outcome. The Major sees a tattoo on his chest of the burning hut like in her hallucination. Kuze says that Hanka took control over their lives instead of saving them. The Major confronts Ouelet over the revelation. Ouelet says that there were 98 failed experiments before The Major became the first successful one. The Major appears angry even as Ouelet tries to defend her position. Cutter orders Ouelet to terminate The Major on account of her being a liability. As The Major undergoes the process, Ouelet instead gives her an address so she can find answers for herself. Ouelet allows The Major to escape, so Cutter shoots and kills Ouelet in revenge. Cutter reports to Aramaki that The Major killed Ouelet and that she must be terminated. The Major follows the address to what turns out to be her old home. Her mother (Kaori Momoi) is there, having believed that her daughter ran away and was killed. The Major's real name was Motoko Kusanagi. Her mother does sense a familiar look in The Major's eyes when she looks at her. As she leaves, The Major gets in contact with Aramaki, who informs her that Ouelet is dead and that Cutter says she killed her, though they both know the truth. They allow Cutter to listen in on their conversation as they plan their next move. Cutter sends his men to kill Section 9 members, but Batou, Togusa and Aramaki all survive and kill their attackers. The Major meets with Kuze at a hideout, which resembles the burning hut. They learn that Kuze's real name was Hideo, and they were originally against augmentations with humans and cyborgs. Cutter sends a spider tank to kill The Major and Kuze. However, the spider tank hits Kuze and severely damages him. The Major leaps onto the back of the spider tank and tries to rip its back open. She uses all her strength, causing her arm to rip off as she destroys the spider tank. One of Cutter's snipers rides in on a chopper and kills Kuze. Aramaki sends his own man, Saito (Yutaka Izumihara), to take down the sniper to save The Major. Batou recovers The Major, who is still alive. Aramaki then corners Cutter after having spoken to the Prime Minister. Aramaki contacts The Major and gets her consent to execute Cutter. He shoots Cutter three times as he falls into his own pool. The Major visits her own grave with her mother, who now knows her daughter is still with her. The Major's voiceover states that she knows there will be more like her, but she knows her enhancements do not define her. She then returns to work with Section 9 and leaps off a building to her next mission.
tt1974419
Horror,Thriller
The movie opens up with beautiful blond teenage girl, named Jesse (Elle Fanning), sprawled out across a love seat. Blood trickles down her body and onto the love seat and the floor beneath her. She is being photographed by Dean (Karl Glusman), a young amateur photographer whom she met on the Internet. The shoot gives Dean to practice his craft, but its mainly so Jesse can get headshots. After the shoot, she struggles to get the fake blood makeup off her body when makeup artist Ruby (Jena Malone) offers to help her. Ruby learns Jesse just moved into town and that this is her first photo shoot. Jesse also says that she is currently staying at a junky flea-bag motel in Pasadena. Ruby offers Jesse friendship and to take her to a party later that night. At the party, Jesse meets two Australian-accented models, Sarah (Abbey Lee) and Gigi (Bella Heathcote) -- Gigi continuously brags about her extensive plastic surgery, and Sarah insists the only thing that matters in this town is "who you're having sex with". Despite the hostile tensions Jesse receives from the veteran models, she enjoys herself at the party by watching a naked model seemingly fly over a stage and hover under a mysterious blue upside-down triangle all to the pulse of flashing strobes lights. The following morning, Jesse interviews at a prestigious modeling agency. Her interviewer, Roberta Hoffman (Christina Hendricks), showers her with compliments on her beauty and the prediction that she will be great. Jesse informs Roberta she's only 16 -- Roberta fixes this with a parental consent form (she pretty much fires two other models while going to retrieve the form) and by getting Jesse to start telling people she's 19 because age 18 is too on the nose. Jesse celebrates her signing that night with Dean. They celebrate by driving up to the Hollywood Hills and looking down at the city below. Jesse talks about how she's always felt talentless but is confident she can make money with her looks. Dean clearly has a crush on her, but is cautious due to her young age. She obviously looks to him for moral support, asking if she should really lie about her age. Dean encourages her to do what she thinks is right. Jesse's next step is a photo shoot with a prestigious photographer named Jack (Desmond Harrington). After Ruby does her makeup, Jack gets one good look at her and announces this photo shoot will be a closed set, leaving him completely alone with Jesse. He tells her to take off her clothes and turn around -- he proceeds to erotically rub her body with gold paint and shoots an amazing photo session. When she finishes, she meets up with Ruby outside who tells her to be careful around guys like Jack. Jesse appreciates Ruby's friendship and the offer to call her if she needs anything. Ruby meets up with Gigi and Sarah at a diner later, where they all take notice of how quickly Jesse is rising in the model circuit. Ruby admits that there is something rather unique with Jesse, which annoys Gigi and Sarah. Meanwhile, Jesse finds something rummaging around in her motel room that night. She informs the unpleasant manager Hank (Keanu Reeves), who inspects the room and finds a cougar has snuck into her room (she left the sliding glass door open while she was gone) Hank demands she pay for the damages left by the wild animal. Jesse finds herself at a casting call the next day. Sarah is also here, and doesn't take kindly to Jesse's presence. The unnamed fashion designer (Allesandro Nivola) is unimpressed by most of the models but takes on an immediate infatuation with Jesse as she auditions. She's immediately hired which crushes Sarah, who breaks down in a bathroom and throws a trash can at the mirror. Jesse walks in and compliments Sarah, but she asks her what it feels like to walk into a room and be loved by everyone Jesse says, its everything. When Jesse cuts her hand on a broken mirror shard, Sarah tries to drink her blood by licking her hand. Jesse panics and runs to her motel. Dean finds her some time later bloody and unconscious. He looks after her by getting the shard out of her hand then paying Hank for the door. Hank taunts Dean by claiming she isn't worth it if he isn't having sex with her he even offers a 13-year old runaway in the room next to Jesse's, which disgusts Dean. A fashion show ran by the unnamed designer is held. Jesse and Gigi both take part of it, but the designer specifically wants to use Jesse as the coveted closing model. As expected, this drives Gigi and the other models crazy. As the show begins, Jesse has an intense hallucination where she sees the mirror images of herself inside making out with each other inside another blue triangle. A little later, Jesse brings Dean to a private event with the designer and models. The designer can't stop talking about how second-rate Gigi is due to all of her plastic surgeries and how Jesse is a diamond in a sea of glass. Dean argues with him over claims that beauty is everything; when he insists Dean would've never bothered with Jesse is she wasn't beautiful, he gets fed up and leaves the party. Jesse finds him waiting for her at the hotel later; he asks her if she seriously wants to be like them Jesse claims they actually all want to be her, and dumps Dean. That night, Jesse dreams that Hank comes into her room and slowly pushes a knife down her throat while softly demanding she open her mouth wider. She wakes up to an unseen man actually trying to enter her room. After getting to get through the locked door, Jesse hears him break into the room next door and rape the 13-year old runaway. Disturbed by this, she calls Ruby who invites her to stay the night at an elegant mansion she's house-sitting. Ruby comforts her, then slowly tries to force herself on her. Jesse assures her she has the wrong idea and claims that she is straight and also a virgin. When Ruby tries again to be intimate, Jesse forcefully pushes her off. The next morning, a frustrated Ruby goes to her second job at the morgue, where she does makeup for bodies awaiting burial. She imagines one of the female corpses as Jesse and pleasures herself while on top of it. Back at the mansion, Jesse dons an elegant gown laid out for her and spends the day applying an elaborate layer of makeup. When Ruby returns home, she finds Jesse standing on a diving board above an empty swimming pool. She tells Ruby that people have always wanted her looks and goes so far to say some people would do anything to achieve her beauty. Jesse retreats back inside the house and finds Gigi and Sarah here; she asks the two girls if they're having a party before they viciously attack her. They chase her back outside to Ruby, who echoes her earlier statements before pushing her into the deep end of the empty pool. The fall kills Jesse and her body is taken by the three girls they then proceed to horrifically eat parts of her body and bathe in her blood (finally revealing that Ruby, Gigi and Sarah are a type of Elizabeth Báthory vampires). The three Bathory-vampire girls wake up the next day and go about their lives. Ruby waters the mansion's plants topless and reads a book while laying on top of Jesse's freshly dug grave. Gigi accompanies Sarah to a beach house photoshoot directed by Jack. Jack stops the shoot to compliment Gigi's beauty as he abruptly fires another model and has Gigi take her place, putting her in the shot right next to Sarah. However, she gets extremely sick and retreats to a bathroom. Sarah rushes to Gigi's aid and witnesses her regurgitate one of Jesse's eyeballs. Panicked, Gigi screams "I need to get her out of me" and stabs herself to death with a pair of scissors. Barely fazed, Sarah eats the regurgitated eyeball and returns to the shoot as the film suddenly ends.
tt0974015
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
The film opens with camera phone footage of Clark Kent/Superman (Henry Cavill) recorded by two kids. They interview him just after one of his heroic missions. One of the kids asks Superman what his favorite thing about Earth is. He smiles but the footage cuts off before he gives his answer. It's now months later in Gotham City. A man (Holt McCallany) on a rooftop has just committed a robbery. He sees Bruce Wayne/Batman (Ben Affleck) perched on a gargoyle before he leaps over and fights the man. Batman dangles the man over a ledge, using the man's fear to lure out a strange, winged creature. Batman fights the monster until he traps it in a net. The creature explodes moments later, leaving behind three boxes burnt on the wall. Alfred (Jeremy Irons) sees this through the monitor. He tells Batman it's time to round up his team. It has been several years since Superman's death (from the film 'Batman vs. Superman: Dawn of Justice'); people all around the world still mourn him. Martha Kent (Diane Lane) has moved away from her rural home in Smallville while Lois Lane (Amy Adams) feels more alone. In London, a team of robbers stage a heist in a bank, taking hostages in the process. Standing atop a statue of the Greek goddess Themis (Lady Justice) Diana Prince/Wonder Woman (Gal Gadot) leaps down to stop them. The leader of the robbers plans to use a bomb to bring the city back to the Dark Ages, but Wonder Woman fights back and throws the bomb into the sky as it explodes. The leader then tries to shoot all the hostages; Wonder Woman runs and deflects all the bullets with her gauntlets. She then clashes the gauntlets together to defeat the leader. Bruce travels to a small town in Iceland to find Arthur Curry, AKA Aquaman (Jason Momoa). Bruce finds him in a tavern and offers him money to go with him, but Arthur declines and heads into the ocean to leave. Bruce returns home to discuss matters with Alfred. After having no luck getting Arthur on the team, his other options are Victor Stone/Cyborg (Ray Fisher), who is presumed dead, and Barry Allen/The Flash (Ezra Miller) who has been foiling minor criminals with his blinding speed. Barry visits his father Henry Allen (Billy Crudup) in prison after he was locked up for allegedly murdering his wife when Barry was a child. Henry wants Barry to live his own life and to stop visiting him, because he doesn't have any hope that he will ever be freed. On Themyscira, the Amazons are guarding a cube known as a Mother Box. A beam comes down from the sky and a swarm of Parademons descend with their leader, Steppenwolf (Ciaran Hinds). He attempts to take the Mother Box, prompting the Amazons to fight back. Steppenwolf and his Parademons force the fight outside the temple where Queen Hippolyta (Connie Nielsen) tries to keep the box from their enemy in a furious chase across the countryside. Steppenwolf proves to be too much for the Amazons and succeeds in taking the box back wit him. Hippolyta then tells her general they must ignite a fire in a temple, because Diana will know what it means. Hippolyta fires the burning arrow, and Diana sees it on the news. At Star Labs, Silas Stone (Joe Morton) is leaving his job and goes home to Victor. Victor is hiding after everyone thought he died, and he is worried that his new appearance will have everyone see him as a monster. He also sadly remarks that his enhanced networking power bombards him constantly with knowledge of the entire world and that it feels overwhelming. His father pleads with him to hold on and that his powers will be useful. Diana goes to find Bruce. They walk by the lake near his forest home as she tells him the history of Steppenwolf and the Mother Boxes; three exist and if brought together, Steppenwolf would create The Unity, which destroys planets and reshapes them into the hellscape of Steppenwolf's home planet. Long ago, the Amazons, Atlanteans, and the Green Lantern Corps all joined forces to fight Steppenwolf and his army, sending him away and driving him mad. Anyone who fell in battle to Steppenwolf would be reborn as a Parademon, the winged monsters Bruce has been tracking. The Amazons kept one of the Boxes, the Atlanteans kept another, while the third was kept hidden in secrecy by humankind so that nobody may be tempted to harness its power. As Bruce and Diana walk away, Cyborg is watching them nearby. Bruce locates Barry's hideout in Central City. While he knows who Barry really is, Barry denies it until Bruce throws a batarang, which Barry quickly catches. Realizing Bruce is Batman, Barry agrees to join him. He flies them back to meet with Diana. Cyborg contacts Diana through Bruce's computer in the Batcave. They agree to meet up in an isolated location for Diana to try and convince Cyborg to join them, but he flies away before agreeing to anything. In a remote region of Russia, a poor family goes about their normal business in their small house, which sits in view of an abandoned nuclear power plant. Outside they hear a noise that sounds like insect wings flapping, only much louder. The family begins to barricade themselves inside. Outside, Parademons have descended on the nuclear power plant. Inside the one of the cooling towers, Steppenwolf places the cube he'd stolen from the Amazonians in a stone monolith. Strange, thick roots suddenly emerge from the ground and spread to the surrounding area. Steppenwolf gloats that the Unity is at hand and he will take his place among the new gods and a being he calls "Darkseid". On the ocean, a fisherman is caught in a terrible storm. Arthur rescues him and brings him to the tavern for some whiskey. Arthur notices a viscous green substance on his fingers. He leaves the tavern and heads back down to Atlantis. Before he returns, however, Steppenwolf and the Parademons invade and take the second Mother Box, battling the surprised Atlanteans. Mera (Amber Heard) tries to intervene as Arthur arrives, but the Mother Box is gone. He tells her he'll need something from her before he goes after Steppenwolf. Meanwhile, Police Commissioner Jim Gordon (JK Simmons) is alerted to a series of civilian kidnappings. He sends out the Bat Signal to contact Batman. Joined by Wonder Woman and Flash, and then Cyborg, Gordon tells them what has happened, showing them a sketch from a witness: Diana identifies it as a Parademon. The four head off to save the civilians. Batman and his team track Steppenwolf to an island near Gotham Harbor. Steppenwolf and the Parademons are pressing their hostages for the location of the third Mother Box. One of the hostages is Silas, who had used the power of the Mother Box to revive Victor after his accident. Cyborg initiates the attack against Steppenwolf while Flash, scared at first to get involved in combat but inspired by Batman, gets the hostages out of there. Flash rejoins Wonder Woman and Cyborg as they battle the Parademons while Batman uses his Nightcrawler to battle the Parademons. When Cyborg fires a missile from the Nightcrawler Steppenwolf, he easily catches it and aims it at the tunnel wall. Water from Gotham City Harbor floods in. Aquaman appears and stops the water from engulfing his allies with a five-tined fork given to him by Mara. The team escapes in the Nightcrawler. Back at Bruce's home, Cyborg reveals that Star Labs was holding the Mother Box. Bruce comes up with the idea to use the Mother Box's power to revive Superman so that he may help them defeat Steppenwolf. Diana disagrees with the plan for fear that Superman may come back the way Zod came back as Doomsday. Bruce tells them he has a backup plan in case Superman becomes violent after his resurrection. Despite several misgivings about the plan, they decide to give the idea a shot. Barry and Victor go to the cemetery to dig up Superman's grave. The League goes to the Kryptonian ship in Metropolis with the Box and Superman's body. When Cyborg tells them the control panel is burned out, Flash devises a plan to charge the field; he'll run from a distance to build a stronger charge. It works and Superman comes back to life, however, he doesn't seem to remember who he is. He flies out of the ship, and the others go after him. He scans them with his X-ray vision while Cyborg's defense system activates on its own. He fires a blast at Superman, leading him to attack the others. The League try to defend themselves as he comes close to killing them. They are stopped when Batman's strategy for subduing the confused Superman is revealed: Lois is brought to the scene. Superman calms down and flies away with Lois. To make things worse, Steppenwolf suddenly arrives and takes the last Mother Box from the ship. Clark Kent and Lois are outside his old childhood home. He still feels overwhelmed after being brought back to life, but Lois convinces him that the other heroes and the rest of the world need him. Moments later, Martha drives up and runs up to embrace Clark. In Russia, Steppenwolf brings all the Boxes together to begin The Unity. Everything around him starts to burn and decay. More of the huge roots burst from the ground, destroying anything in their path. The League arrives to begin the final showdown. Batman will take the troop transport they flew to the site in and penetrate the energy dome that has covered the nuclear plant. He'll use the Batmobile to broadcast a tone that attracts the Parademons while his comrades fight them on their way to Steppenwolf. The League is able to kill many of them and they advance to Steppenwolf and the Motherboxes. Communicating with Alfred, Batman sends the Flash out to rescue the family from the house. Cyborg tries to separate the boxes, and Steppenwolf tries to tear him apart. Just as it seems the tide of the battle with turn in Steppenwolf's favor, Superman arrives and begins to fight alongside the rest of the League. He hears the panicked voices of nearby civilians and rushes off to help them, guiding the Flash to the family. Flash pushes their truck to safety, and then sees Superman carrying an entire apartment building to safety. Superman returns to the power plant where Cyborg has reassembled the leg Steppenwolf pulled from his body. Together, Superman and Cyborg pull the Boxes apart, stopping the transformation process. Enraged, Steppenwolf tries to finish them off himself, but Superman uses his ice breath to freeze Steppenwolf's ax, allowing Diana to shatter it with her sword. Now weakened and bewildered, the Parademons sense Steppenwolf's fear and begin to tear him apart as they are sent back to their world. Later on, the heroes return to their homes. Barry gets a job with the Central City forensics department and he lets a proud Henry know about it. Victor works with his father at Star Labs. Arthur returns to Atlantis to fulfill his role as king. Bruce, Diana, and Alfred look into an abandoned building to establish the Hall of Justice. Lois then writes an article stating that there is once again hope out there. The last thing we see is Superman flying into the sky above Metropolis. Mid-Credits Scene: Superman and Flash start a race to see who is faster, with a bet placed that if Flash loses, he has to invite the others to brunch, and if he wins, he gets to tell everyone he beat Superman. Post-Credits Scene: Lex Luthor (Jesse Eisenberg) has escaped prison and left a impostor in his cell. On his yacht, he is visited by Slade Wilson/Deathstroke (Joe Manganiello). Lex proposes an idea to Slade that they come up with their own little team... the Legion of Doom.
tt0451279
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
Diana Prince (nm2933757) is entering the Louvre, in Paris, France. A van from Wayne Enterprises delivers a briefcase from Bruce Wayne, which contains an old photograph of Diana alongside four men during World War I. A note from Bruce says he would like to hear the story behind the picture. Decades in the past, when she was a child, Diana (played by Lilly Aspell) grew up on the island of Themyscira. The mighty Amazons, an all-female warrior clan, lived there secretly and secluded. She watches the warriors training on the field under General Antiope (Robin Wright). Diana wants to be a fighter like the rest of the Amazons, but her mother, Queen Hippolyta (Connie Nielsen) forbids her daughter from training. Hippolyta tells Diana that Zeus made the humans with a good nature. However, Ares, the god of war, corrupted them. Humans were filled with suspicion and jealousy. They were constantly at war. The other gods tried to stop Ares, but he killed them one by one. Zeus also struggled until, with his last strength, he hit Ares so hard that "he was forced to retreat". Later, Zeus forged a weapon that can destroy Ares. With Zeus's dying breath he created the secluded home for the Amazons named Themyscira, with an enchanted barrier to hide them from the rest of the world. Diana wants to see the great weapon so later, Hippolyta shows Diana the powerful sword known as the God Killer. She explains that it can kill the god Ares, but Hippolyta hopes that there will never be a need to wield it. Antiope convinces Hippolyta to let her train Diana, wanting her to be ready to face Ares, because they all know he's still out there. Hippolyta reluctantly agrees. Through the years, Antiope subjects Diana to harsh and intense training in the field. As she reaches adulthood, Diana continues training to be as fierce as the other Amazons. During one session, Antiope pushes Diana hard with her swordplay, leading Diana to defend herself by deflecting the sword with her gauntlets. This causes Antiope to fly back and hurt herself. Diana shows great remorse for hurting Antiope. She leaves in shame, but Antiope is far from upset. Diana runs over to a cliff. In the distance, a plane passes through the barrier into Themyscira before crashing into the ocean. Diana dives into the water and swims toward the plane. A pilot named Steve Trevor (Chris Pine) is sinking as he cannot break himself free from his seat. Diana pulls him out of the plane and takes him to shore. As she becomes surprised to see a man for the first time, German soldiers following Steve make it past the barrier as well. The Amazons arrive as they find Diana with Steve, but also see the Germans. The Amazons ready their arrows, and the Germans aim their rifles. The arrows are launched and shots are fired. The Germans make it to the shore and battle the Amazons. Several Amazons are shot dead while the Germans get taken out easily. Antiope fires three arrows at once to kill three soldiers. One soldier aims his gun at Diana, and Antiope leaps in to take the shot. Diana rushes to Antiope's side. As she dies, she tells Diana it is her time to wield the God Killer. Steve is interrogated before all the Amazons with the Lasso of Truth. He is forced to confess that he is a spy with the Allied forces. Steve explains to the Amazons about World War I and how he has learned of a sinister plan by Germany's General Erich Ludendorff (Danny Huston) and his chief chemist Dr. Isabel Maru, AKA Dr. Poison (Elena Anaya). They are concocting a new bio-weapon, which Steve claims is unlike anything he's seen before and tells the Amazons they are in more danger than they realize. Steve acted as a spy in the German army before stealing Maru's notebook and flying away with it as he destroyed the Germans' other planes until they followed him to the island. Diana realizes this must be the work of Ares. Steve is allowed to bathe in the Amazons' fountain to replenish himself. Diana walks in and accidentally sees him nude. She asks what "that" is, and Steve says it is his father's watch, which he says he follows to let him know what to do in the day. Diana is confused by the device and its uses. Still fearing that Ares is behind the ongoing war, Diana grabs her shield, lasso, and then takes the God Killer sword from its holding, along with her battle suit. She goes to tell Steve she will help him get home if he takes her to Ares. The two head for the shore but are approached by Hippolyta and other Amazons. Diana is insistent that she goes out there to stop Ares and end the war. Hippolya tearfully embraces her daughter one last time and tells her she has always been her greatest love, but today she is her greatest sorrow. She gives Diana Antiope's tiara as a parting gift, but warns her that if she leaves she may not be able to return to Themyscira. As Diana and Steve depart, Hippolyta confides to an Amazon that Diana can't know what she really is, or else Ares will find her faster. Diana and Steve arrive in London. The two meet with Steve's secretary, Etta Candy (Lucy Davis). Before they can deliver Maru's notebook to Steve's superiors, they find Diana an appropriate outfit to wear so she can blend in for the time. Diana and Steve are then cornered by some men in an alley. They draw their guns, but Diana beats them all down, even letting Steve punch the last guy out. Ludendorff meets with Maru in her lab. She has developed a new type of gas for the general so that he may maintain his super strength. Maru then comes across a formula on her table, which she thinks is the breakthrough they've been looking for. Diana and Steve head on over to a meeting held by Sir Patrick Morgan (David Thewlis), who is planning to negotiate an armistice with Germany. The men in the room are immediately distracted by Diana's presence. Steve is forced to take her outside. Later, he presents Sir Patrick with the notebook. Since the writing is in Sumerian, Steve has Diana (who speaks hundreds of languages) translate it for the other men. They learn that Ludendorff and Maru are planning to create a new kind of hydrogen-based mustard gas that would be far more lethal to the soldiers. After hearing that the British general is planning to send his troops to the Western Front and go in to most likely get killed, Diana becomes enraged and tells the general that a good leader would fight alongside his men. Steve pulls Diana out again as she tells him that she believes Ludendorff is Ares in disguise. Steve confides to Diana that he will personally take her to the Front. Steve brings Diana to meet his teammates. They first stop at a pub and find Sameer (Said Taghmaoui), a spy who is instantly attracted to Diana. Next is Charlie (Ewen Bremner), whom Steve says is a skilled marksman, but they find him getting beaten up by another man for accidentally taking his glass. The man attempts to shoot Charlie, but Diana intervenes and knocks the man down. The four then head out to meet The Chief (Eugene Brave Rock), a smuggler. Ludendorff meets with some of his comrades to discuss what he has planned. After they express some doubts and lack of confidence in his work, Ludendorff and Maru demonstrate their work by throwing the gas bomb in the room, killing all the men. The team makes it to the Front. They walk through the trenches, and Diana speaks to a local woman who is distraught over what has been taken from them by the German army. Not wanting to wait any longer, Diana dons her tiara and steps out into the battlefield with her armor. The German soldiers begin to fire upon her, but she easily deflects their bullets with her gauntlets. Diana proceeds to beat down the enemy soldiers while Steve and his team follow. Once she takes out most of the soldiers on the ground, the men help Diana leap to a sniper tower, which she instantly demolishes. The townspeople celebrate and cheer for Diana. Steve later learns that Ludendorff will be attending a gala the next day. He has Etta locate the area for him, but Sir Patrick urges Steve not to go ahead and do it. Steve naturally ignores him. He then tells Diana about the gala and how she would be unprepared for it, so he shows her how to dance. They go up to a room to be alone, and they share a kiss. The team heads over to the gala in disguise. Steve pretends to be a German officer with Sameer being his driver as they improvise entering without an invitation. Diana finds a snooty woman and steals her dress. Steve attempts to sweet-talk Maru to get more information, but he becomes distracted when he sees Diana enter in the blue dress. Diana sees Ludendorff and gets ready to kill him, but Steve stops her from messing up the plan. However, Ludendorff proceeds to launch gas bombs into the nearby town. Diana runs ahead but is too late. She sees the townspeople dead in the streets and can only look on with despair. Steve runs by and Diana is angry with him for not letting her kill Ludendorff before this happened. It is learned that Ludendorff plans to use a plane to drop a number of gas bombs down on London. Diana rushes to an airbase where the German soldiers are gearing up for their attack. Diana beats down some soldiers before making her way to Ludendorff. He inhales Maru's strength gas and fights Diana. Ludendorff puts up a good fight until he runs to the roof. Diana bursts through and impales Ludendorff with the God Killer. He dies but Diana sees that the soldiers are still pushing the gas bombs into the plane. Steve shows up and Diana is confused as to why the war isn't over if she killed Ares. Steve says that maybe the war isn't a result of a god but rather that there are just bad people out there. He leaves, and Diana looks back inside Ludendorff's office to see Sir Patrick. Diana realizes it is him that is really Ares. He tells Diana how he only provided secret influence to people like Ludendorff and Maru to get their work going, but it was their own evil, as well as the darkness of other men, that led to the war. Diana tries to kill Ares with the sword, only for him to destroy it. He tells Diana that it is she who is the real weapon forged by Zeus. She is the real God Killer. Using the Lasso, Ares shows Diana what can happen if she joins him and if they rid the world of mankind. She refuses, and they begin to fight. Steve and his team get past the Germans. They consider shooting the plane down, but the explosion would kill anyone within 50 Miles. As Diana and Ares' fight extends onto the tarmac, Steve runs by Diana, says something quick, and he gives her his father's watch. He hijacks the bomber plane and flies it away. As he gets high enough, Steve aims his gun at the bombs. He takes a moment to consider what he's doing, but he knows what he has to do. He shoots the bombs, sacrificing himself as the plane blows up. Diana sees this and yells in agony. Ares only uses this to try and sway her even more to join him as he dons his armor. Ares brings Maru before Diana and removes Maru's mask to reveal her disfigured face. He tries to convince Diana to kill her. Diana lifts up a tank, but she recalls what Steve just told her. He said he can save the day, but she can save the world. He told her he loved her before taking the plane. Diana drops the tank and lets Maru get away. Diana tells Ares that she believes in love. Ares fires a blast of energy at Diana, but she absorbs it with her gauntlets and directs it back toward Ares, destroying him for good. The soldiers are then broken free of their corruption. Everyone celebrates the end of the war. Diana sees a wall of the fallen heroes, including Steve. Back in the present, Diana sends a message to Bruce Wayne, thanking him for the photograph and letting her keep a piece of Steve. Her voice-over then reassures that she will continue dedicating her life to justice. With that, Diana leaps across the sky to continue her work as...WONDER WOMAN.
tt1638355
Action,Adventure,Comedy
1963, West Berlin. Napoleon Solo (Henry Cavill) makes his way through checkpoint Charlie from West to East Berlin, but notices he's being followed by a man we'll later discover is Illya Kuryakin (Armie Hammer). Solo goes to a chop shop garage where he meets Gaby Teller (Alicia Vikander). Gaby's father is being forced to build an atom bomb for the Nazis. Solo's mission is to get her out of Berlin so they can find her uncle Rudi (Sylvester Groth) and have him set up a meeting between her and her dad. As they make their way to the border they're chased by Kuryakin, who turns out to be Solo's match. However, Solo has help. Waiting on the other side of the wall is a CIA truck that shoots a zip line up to the roof where Solo and Gaby end up. They're able to zip line over the Berlin wall. Kuryakin is right behind them but the truck backs up making slack in the line and leaving Illya on the other side of the wall. There is a flashback to Kuryakin's briefing on Solo. Solo came to Europe during the second world war but stayed there and became a master art thief. He was eventually captured but the CIA felt his skills were too good to be wasted in a prison, so they recruited him. In the present, CIA specialist Sanders (Jared Harris) meets with Solo at a park. In the restroom he lays out the mission. While at the urinal he says, "What I'm going to feed you might be bitter." It's innuendo, but nevertheless, it's true. It's Illya Kuryakin! They fight and Kuryakin overcomes Solo. The KGB director Oleg (Misha Kuznetsov) comes in and tells Kury, "Don't kill your partner on your first day." Solo asks what that means. Sanders translates. Solo says he understands the words, but what does that mean. The CIA and KGB have struck a deal and are sending Solo and Kury on a joint mission. They have to go to Rome where Kury will pose as Gaby's fiancé and Solo as an antiquities dealer. They believe a family business there that Gaby's uncle Rudi works for is a front. The business has been in Alexander's (Luca Calvani) family but actually his wife Victoria (Elizabeth Debicki) is the brains behind the operation. Kury and Solo get to know each other by revealing what they've discovered in each others files. Solo triggers Kury's rage issues, but the Russian manages to keep them in check. Meanwhile, a man named Waverly (Hugh Grant) checks into the hotel in Rome right before Napoleon does. When Napoleon checks in, he notices a couple of guys who are clearly evil henchmen in the lobby. He has his bags brought to his room but he takes off. On the streets of Rome Kury and Gaby bond a little. Solo shows up and tells Kury that he's going to get mugged. To convince the bad guys that he's really a Russian architect, his cover, and not a super bad-ass secret agent, his instructions are to "be a pussy"; just get mugged and don't fight back. The mugging happens and even though the thugs take Kury's father's watch and Gaby's engagement ring he manages to suppress his rage and submit. Solo pops up and they all go back to the hotel. Solo and the hotel desk clerk drink champagne and wind up in bed. Meanwhile, in the "engaged couple" room, Gaby chugs vodka and tries to get Kury to dance with her. He won't so she slaps him and they start wrestling. She passes out and he tucks her into bed. In the morning Solo discovers about a dozen monitoring bugs in his room. He goes to Kury's room and hands them to him telling him that they're Russian-made. Kury hands Solo about a dozen bugs too and says that they're American-made. Kury meets Gaby in front of the hotel and gives her a brand new engagement ring. Solo heads to a party that Victoria is throwing. On the way in he literally bumps into Waverly. We later find out that he picks Waverly's pocket and steals his invitation. Solo crashes the party and gets in a fight with security because he doesn't present an invitation. Victoria takes notice and Solo shows his invitation. He manages to "lift" her necklace and another woman's bracelet. Victoria asks how he got an invitation and who he is. He says his name is Deveny and that he specializes in filling the gaps in people's collections. He gives her the bracelet and the necklace. Gaby and Kury are also at the party. Rudi disses Kury by wondering if Gaby is slumming it like "a racehorse with a work horse". Kury goes into a bathroom but three young Italian aristocrats prevent from using the sink and tell him to use the ladies' washroom instead. He finally gives in to his anger and roughs them up. Alexander takes a keen liking to Gaby right away. Back at the hotel Kury has locked himself in the bathroom which he has turned into a dark room and is developing film. His camera was able to pick up on radiation on clothing at the party. Therefore, Gaby's father must be near and working on that atom bomb. Both Solo and Kury say that they'll sleep on this new information, but ... ... in the next shot they both break into the company's factory in the middle of the night. While Kury is clearly the muscles between the two of them, Solo is more cunning and manages to break into a large bank-style safe. It's empty except for a centrifuge used for enhancing uranium. Solo thought that model of safe didn't have an alarm. Wrong! They escape by jumping out of a window and onto a boat. Solo falls off and swims to a dock where he finds a truck. Inside is the driver's dinner which he casually eats while Kury gets chased in circles by guards on a well-armed boat. They blow up Kury's boat. Solo drives away but has second thoughts. He returns, crashes his truck onto the bad guys' boat, and then rescues a drowning Kury. Victoria sees that the safe has been opened and calls Solo's hotel room. No answer. Rudi calls Gaby and asks to apologize to Kury, but she says he's asleep. She then calls room 304 to tell the person on the other end that the meeting is confirmed. Victoria and her goons race to the hotel, but Solo and Kury get there first. She and Solo get it on in his room (807). The next morning, Kury awkwardly turns on a tracker that's on Gaby's garter belt. (Lots of sexual tension there). Gaby meets with her uncle and says that she knows her father is there and that he works for him. Rudi asks how she knows. We don't hear her answer just yet. Instead, we see Kury, who's monitoring from afar, start running. Solo meets with Victoria. He pours himself a drink, but she's drugged it. He wakes up strapped to an electric torture chair. Rudi is an evil Nazi scientist who keeps a scrapbook of all the horrific stuff he's done. He has a blank page just waiting for Solo. Fortunately, there's a short in the electric chair. Kury rescues Solo and straps Rudi into the chair. He tells them that the warhead is already built. Kury and Solo step out of the room to debate what to do with Rudi. In the background, the short in the electric chair fixes itself and Rudi gets electrocuted to the point of bursting in flames. Gaby is brought to an island where her dad is working. She slaps him and tells him to finish the job. Alexander and Victoria seem happy with this. Meanwhile, Waverly (who turns out to be a member of the British Intelligence) informs Solo and Kury about the situation. The Brits knew that it was only a matter of time before someone grabbed Gaby to try to get her dad to finish the atom bomb. They assumed it would be the Nazis. They were surprised that it was the Russians and the Americans. So Gaby has been working undercover with the British this whole time. She gains the trust of the bad guys by telling them that Kury and Solo are secret agents. She knew that her new engagement ring would have a bug in it and that Kury would be listening. Solo says that he thinks the British were working with her, but now that they've lost her, they need the American and the Russians help. Kury and Solo are both told by their respective superiors to get the warhead and the disc with professor Teller's research. Also, to kill the other if necessary. On the island, Gaby and her dad try to switch lenses on the warhead but Victoria notices. There is also a second warhead. She orders Gaby be put in a cell and tells her father to finish, with the threat of her death. He does, but Victoria takes his disc and the backup he had hidden, then shoots him. Time for a super-stylized and ultra-cool breaking-in montage as Solo and Kury storm the island. During it, Solo finds Kury's father's watch on a guard and grabs it. They find that Gaby and the warhead on the far side of the island in a jeep being driven by Alexander. Solo chases in a dune buggy while Kury is on a motorcycle. The vehicles all crash. Alexander and Kury fight and Kury stabs him in the head with his knife. Turns out though, this is the wrong bomb! Victoria disappeared with the right one. Solo remembers that Alexander's family used a fishing boat to smuggle gold for the Nazis. He also remembers the name of the boat from an old childhood photo of Alexander. They radio the boat and Solo taunts Victoria about the way her husband died. They stay on the radio long enough for the good guys to track the boat. Turns out that the two lenses that were in the bombs make it so that one bomb can take out the other. They launch the decoy bomb and blow up Victoria, the Atom bomb and the fishing boat. Gaby apologizes to Kury and returns the engagement ring. He tells her to keep it so that he can know if she ever needs him. Kury's boss tells him that the professor's disc wasn't destroyed but that Solo has it. Kury goes to his room. Solo pours drinks for the two of them. Kury sees the disc and is filling with rage. Solo gives him the watch and reveals the disc. They both decide to destroy it. Waverly and Gaby show up. Waverly says that he's decided to keep the group together and that they have a new code-name: UNCLE. (United Network Command for Law and Enforcement). Over the end credits we see everyone's dossiers. In one little detail, Gaby is currently learning to speak Russian.
tt1985949
Animation,Comedy,Family
The film starts with Red (voice of Jason Sudeikis) running through the forest frantically with an egg. Red runs into trees and several other animals before making it to the home of a bird family. He puts on a clown get-up and starts singing to little Timmy for his hatch-day, but Timmy is scared of clowns. Timmy's dad (voice of Hannibal Buress) chastises Red for showing up late to the party, as well as for damaging the cake (which he carried in the egg). The dad refuses to pay for the cake, causing Red to snap and shove the cake in his face. As he tries leaving, Red accidentally cracks the family's new egg, making his face the first thing the hatchling sees. Red lives on Bird Island in a house by the beach, away from the rest of the other flightless birds. As a kid, he was mocked for his huge eyebrows, and to this day, he still has no friends. He is put on trial by Timmy's family for his anger. Judge Peckinpah (voice of Keegan-Michael Key) calls Red out for his anger issues, to which Red responds by pulling off his robe and showing he is a small bird standing on top of another bird named Cyrus (voice of Tony Hale). Peckinpah then sentences Red to anger management classes. Red begrudgingly goes to the class. He sees the welcome sign bird out front and is annoyed by the chuckle it makes. He chooses to ignore it until the sign knocks him in the head, and then he tackles it and hurls it against the hut. Red goes inside the hut and meets the teacher, Matilda (voice of Maya Rudolph). She introduces him to the other attendants - Chuck (voice of Josh Gad), a really fast bird who got in trouble for causing mischief with his speed; Bomb (voice of Danny McBride), a bird who literally blows up under stress; and Terence (voice of Sean Penn), a huge bird that only grunts and has apparently done unspeakable things. The birds then try yoga exercises to stay calm, but Bomb ends up exploding. After the class, Chuck and Bomb invite Red to hang out, but he turns them down. He goes home alone. During the next class, the birds are told to write poems. Chuck recites his over his dismay regarding the welcome sign bird being trashed, and everyone knows it's Red. Terence punches him into the wall. Suddenly, all the birds on the island get curious when Stella (voice of Kate McKinnon) announces something is coming, and they see a ship pulling onto the shore and knocking into Red's house. From the ship emerges a bearded pig named Leonard (voice of Bill Hader) and his assistant Ross (also Tony Hale). They come from Piggy Island. Leonard says it's just the two of them, and he wants to befriend the birds. Red is suspicious, but everyone dismisses it as his anger for getting his house wrecked. That night, the birds throw a celebration for the pigs' arrival. Leonard introduces them to trampolines and a giant slingshot. Leonard picks Red from the audience after numerous snarky comments, and Red gets launched into the beach. He is quickly joined by Chuck and Bomb as they decide to sneak onto the pigs' ship. After finding other trampolines and various other items, they discover dozens of other pigs stowed away on the ship. Red brings them all back to the village and accuses Leonard of lying. Leonard says they're his cousins and that he wanted to put on a cowboy show for them. The lead cowboy, Earl (voice of Blake Shelton), gets his show going, while Peckinpah finds it more awful that Red decided to sneak onto the pigs' boat. The pigs start to get comfortable on Bird Island, with all the other birds (except Red) taking pleasure in their stay. Red then gets suspicious when he sees Leonard eyeballing an egg. He gets Chuck and Bomb to help him spy on the pigs. They then decide to search for Mighty Eagle (voice of Peter Dinklage), a legendary bird said to only be a myth, but also the protector of the island. The three birds climb a mountain to reach Mighty Eagle, leaving Red to listen to Chuck and Bomb making noises that they think would be Mighty Eagle's battle cry. They then realize they climbed the wrong mountain, forcing them to take another long journey up the real mountain. They find the Lake of Wisdom, so Chuck and Bomb start swimming and drinking from it. Mighty Eagle then appears and starts peeing in the lake (to their horror and disgust). Unlike the heroic and muscular image they had of him, Mighty Eagle is older and fat. Still, Red is excited to meet his longtime idol. However, instead of helping the birds, Mighty Eagle just indulges in his prized possessions and his own theme song. Red finds Mighty Eagle looking through his binoculars to spy on an old lady bird. When Red looks through it, he spots the pigs placing TNT and dynamite around the village. Red, Chuck, and Bomb rush back to the village and come across the pigs stealing the eggs while the other birds are attending a party the pigs threw for them. Chuck rushes into the party to warn everyone while Red and Bomb run to the ship. They grab onto the net holding all the eggs. Bomb climbs up the chain to try and blow it up, but Leonard and his henchpigs spray him with a hose, knocking him and Red into the water. The next morning, all the birds in the village see the ruin of their homes and the loss of their eggs. Peckinpah approaches Red and expresses remorse for not listening to him when he suspected the pigs. When asked for a plan, Red says they must make their own boat and follow the pigs back to their island, and they are gonna have to get angry if they want their eggs back. The birds build their boat and attach the giant slingshot to it. They arrive at Piggy Island outside the pigs' city. Leonard, who also happens to be their King Mudbeard, presents the eggs to the other pigs as they prepare to feast on them. The birds then set up the slingshot to launch themselves into the city. Matilda goes first, and she shoots explosive eggs out of her butt. Hal the boomerang bird (voice of Anthony Padilla) goes next, but he ends up flying back toward the birds. Bubbles (voice of Ian Hecox) follows, and he inflates to a massive size against the pigs. Stella follows, but she can't reach the castle. Red gets launched toward the castle as he bounces off a boulder. Chuck and Bomb go soon after him. Terence tries to launch himself, but he ends up breaking the slingshot. Red, Chuck, and Bomb infiltrate the castle and find the room where the eggs are being stored. Using his super-speed, Chuck causes the guard pigs to turn on each other, leaving them free to run in and get the eggs. Unfortunately, they are being brought into the dining hall where they are ready to get boiled. Red is holding on to the top of the net and then tackles the pig lowering them into the pot so he can pull them up. Mighty Eagle then swoops down to join in the fight. Red helps him get the net of eggs away and out of the castle. As the birds try to escape, Leonard holds onto Red. The pull causes one blue egg to slip out of the net. Red stays behind to save it. Mighty Eagle flies away with the eggs, but the pigs are headed toward them on their planes. Bomb drops down and makes a huge explosion to stop them from flying off the ramp. Red and Leonard fight for the egg, resulting in a huge boulder dropping them down to the bottom of the castle where the pigs keep their stash of explosives. Leonard has the egg and starts taunting Red, until Red calmly distracts him and pulls a box of TNT that makes Leonard slip and fall toward him. Red grabs the egg and waits for the giant pot to fall down so he can hide in it for protection, leaving Leonard to get blown up as the explosives go off, causing the whole city to be destroyed. The rest of the birds see the explosion as Mighty Eagle brings the eggs down. All the birds take their eggs back, except the parents of the blue egg. The birds then get sad as they think Red died, but he emerges from the rubble and pulls out three blue hatchlings that came from the egg. He brings them back to their parents. Mighty Eagle gets all the credit for the egg rescue, but the birds are still thankful to Red for his heroics by rebuilding his home, this time in the village with everyone else. The hatchlings then sing a song for Red, which really moves him. Chuck and Bomb then invite Red to hang out, but he decides to stay home alone. The two are about to leave disappointed, but Red says he was joking and he invites them inside. During the closing credits, the birds are dancing. The pigs, who somehow survived the explosion, are also dancing. Leonard then says he is hatching up a new scheme. Finally, the Blues sneak off to the slingshot and launch themselves together over the ocean before separating just like in the games.
tt2488496
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
Luke Skywalker has vanished. In his absence, the sinister FIRST ORDER has risen from the ashes of the Empire and will not rest until Skywalker, the last Jedi, has been destroyed. With the support of the REPUBLIC, General Leia Organa leads a brave RESISTANCE. She is desperate to find her brother Luke and gain his help in restoring peace and justice to the galaxy. Leia has sent her most daring pilot on a secret mission to Jakku, where an old ally has discovered a clue to Lukes whereabouts. The First Order, led by the evil Kylo Ren, is landing stormtroopers to attack a small village, as Poe Dameron meets with Lor San Tekka in a hut. He is given a small bag containing the map to Luke Skywalker. Kylo Ren orders the stormtroopers to destroy Lor San Tekka's entire village and takes Poe captive. Captain Phasma, a stormtrooper wearing chrome-plated armor, leads the attack. Kylo Ren wears a black mask and uses a red, fiery lightsaber. Poe's X-Wing is damaged so that he cannot escape, so the pilot puts the map in a rolling droid unit called BB-8. He fires at Kylo Ren, who uses the Force to block a blaster bolt. As Dameron is captured, the troopers massacre the prisoners, but one stormtrooper FN-2187, refuses to fire. Meanwhile BB-8 rolls away across the sands, narrowly escaping capture. The droid runs into Rey, a young scavenger who is barely surviving on Jakku. Rey scavenges parts from old wrecks of Star Destroyers on the sands of Jakku, and exchanges them for food at Unkar Plutt's scrap yard. The marks on the walls of her hut indicate she's been on Jakku for a very long time. She rescues BB-8 from a Teedo scavenger. She can understand his beeps and whistles, and offers him shelter for the night. On the First Order destroyer, Poe is unsuccessfully interrogated by the First Order. Kylo Ren is called in to use his Force powers to extract information from Poe about the whereabouts of the map. Poe resists, but ultimately divulges that the map is still on Jakku in his BB-8 unit. Meanwhile Captain Phasma confronts FN-2187 about his behavior on Jakku. She orders him to take his unused blaster in for inspection and report to her division and ultimately reconditioning. Instead FN-2187 decides to run away. He needs a pilot to escape the star destroyer, so he rescues Poe, and the two board a black First Order TIE fighter and escape. Poe renames FN-2187 as Finn, and expertly pilots to an escape while Finn fires the ship's blasters. The fighter is hit by lasers from the destroyer and crash lands on Jakku. Finn has ejected but it appears Poe has gone down with the ship leaving only his jacket. Finn wanders across the desert discarding his stormtrooper armor. Eventually, he arrives in Niima Outpost, the town where Rey trades scrap for food. While Finn is looking for water in the town, he sees Rey being accosted by two of Unkar Plutt's henchmen who are trying to make off with BB-8. He begins to rush to her aid, but before he gets far, Rey handily fights off her attackers using her staff. Clearly, she can handle herself. BB-8 spots Finn looking their way, and tells Rey that he is wearing Poe's jacket which they assume is stolen. Rey chases Finn down, knocks him to the ground and confronts Finn about the jacket. Finn tells them that Poe was captured by the First Order and that he helped him escape, but Poe was unfortunately killed. BB-8 is saddened and rolls off , but Rey is excited and impressed, and assumes Finn is a resistance fighter. Finn lies, telling her he is indeed with the resistance. Rey excitedly tells Finn that BB-8 is on a secret mission. Finn tells her BB-8 is carrying a map to Luke Skywalker and Rey is even more impressed, declaring that she thought Skywalker was a myth. BB-8 returns and alerts Finn and Rey that they are in trouble. First Order stormtroopers are now looking for Finn and the BB-8 droid. Stormtroopers chase Finn, Rey and BB-8 through Niima Outpost and TIE fighters are called in and begin to bomb and strafe the town. To make their escape, they steal a "garbage" vehicle to escape the First Order. It is the Millennium Falcon. Rey takes the pilot's seat while Finn mans the guns. Neither is confident in their abilities, and their lift off is rough, destroying a substantial portion of the town as they try to get off of the ground. Finn is able to shoot down a pursuing fighter, but the guns are hit and locked in a position that prevents him from taking out the remaining fighter. Rey flies through the wrecked ships in the desert of Jakku, occasionally scraping through the sands as they try to keep low to confuse the TIE fighter's tracking. Rey takes the Falcon into one of the Star Destroyers and just as the pursuing fighter locks onto their ship, she turns the Falcon out into the open, and performs a flip which allows Finn to fire successfully at the remaining fighter, taking it down. They head off, away from Jakku, and on toward the wider galaxy. Not having flown in years, the Falcon is not in good repair, and almost immediately requires an emergency patch. Rey begins repairing the ship while Finn admits to BB-8 he is not part of the resistance, but is still able to convince BB-8 to tell them where the Resistance base is. The Falcon is then captured and pulled into a larger ship. Finn is afraid they have been recaptured by the First Order. As the Falcon is boarded, he and Rey hide in a secret compartment, but the boarding party is actually Han Solo and Chewbacca. Rey knows the history of the ship, and how to repair and fly it. Han is impressed, but the ship is then boarded by two more smuggler parties. Han is trying his hand at smuggling again, this time by carrying some menacing Rathtars. Han tries to talk his way out of his debts with the two smuggling groups while Rey and Finn escape. Rey tries to close blast doors to save Han, but instead opens the doors to the Rathtar containers. The Rathtars attack and eat the smugglers and almost get Finn, but Rey saves him by closing a door on the creature's tentacles, severing them. The heros escape in the Millennium Falcon and leave their attackers behind. The new-found allies travel to the green planet of Takodana to seek help from Maz Kanata, an orange skinned alien. There they are spotted in the cantina by both First Order and Resistance spies. Kylo Ren sends forces to re-capture the map. Finn, still fearful of being recaptured by the First Order, admits that he is not part of the Resistance and decides to run by joining a crew heading for the outer rim. Meanwhile Rey is drawn to the lower floor of the cantina by the sound of a girl crying and opens a box to discover Luke Skywalkers lightsaber lost at Cloud City. When she touches the lightsaber she experiences a frightening vision. The dream has the voices of old Jedi like Obi-Wan Kenobi and Yoda. It flashes by quickly. She sees the hallways of Cloud City, a vision of Skywalker and R2-D2, a vision of Kylo Ren surrounded by bodies, thrusting his saber through the chest of a mysterious figure, a vision of herself being abandoned as a child on Jakku and finally she sees Ren pursing her in a snowy forest. On Starkiller Base, a snowy, mountainous planet, General Hux addresses legions of First Order stormtroopers. He angrily declares the death of the Republic. The planet has a massive trench around the equator, and a continent-sized aperture. The base fires a massive red beam from the center of the planet, traveling across space, and splitting into four separate beams which destroy individual planets. We see crowds of people on populated planets look up into the sky to witness the conflagration as their planet is destroyed. Rey is frightened by her vision and refuses Luke's lightsaber, running out into the forest of Takodana. Finn and the others look to the sky as the red beams can be seen destroying the other Republic planets. The First Order begin landing troops, including Kylo Ren's V-winged ship. Maz gives the lightsaber to Finn. As the stormtroopers attack Finn uses the lightsaber to fight back, but is knocked down by another stormtrooper (unnamed, but popularly referred to as TR-8R). The stormtroopers capture Han, Chewbacca and Finn. Rey tries to use the blaster given to her by Han Solo, but inexperienced and frightened she fumbles with the safety and fires wild shots giving away her position. Overwhelmed she runs deeper into the forest. BB-8 follows, and she tells him to go further on while she tries to fight off their pursuers. Kylo Ren tracks down Rey in the woods. He chases her through the forest easily fending off her desperate attempts to fire on him with the blaster. She backs away, but he stops her, using the Force to hold her still. Ren uses the Force to read her mind and discovers that she has seen the map to Luke Skywalker's location. He decides he no longer needs BB-8, so he knocks her out and carries her off in his ship, as Finn watches. The Resistance X-wing fighters arrive, finishing off the last troops. A troop ship lands carrying General Leia Organa and C-3P0. Han and Leia are reunited, but their relations are tense. It is revealed that Kylo Ren is actually their son. The heroes return to the Resistance Base, where Finn is reunited with Poe Dameron, who was not killed by the crash on Jakku. BB-8 is reunited with R2-D2 and C-3P0, but R2-D2 has been in shut down since Luke left many years before. The Resistance fighters begin to plan an attack on the Starkiller Base to avoid being wiped out. Finn wants to rescue Rey, and claims he once worked at Starkiller Base and knows how to knock out the shields. Han and Leia say their goodbyes as the X-wings led by Poe Dameron prepare to attack a weak point on the base. As they part Leia asks Han to bring their son home if he sees him. On Starkiller Base, Rey wakes to find her self locked in an interrogation chair like the one we have seen earlier in Poe's interrogation scene. Kylo Ren and she converse, and he removes his mask, revealing his face to her; he is a young and handsome man. Ren uses the Force to read Rey's mind. He senses her lonely life on Jakku, her dreams of a far away island and the closeness she feels towards Han Solo. She reacts with hostility but seems unable to keep him from reading her thoughts. When he tries to extract the information about the map from her mind, however, he runs up against an unexpected barrier. Rey is not only able to resist his further probing, but pushes back into Ren's mind, and tells him that he is afraid that he will never be as strong as Darth Vader. Ren is shaken by this and by her obvious strength with the Force, and he runs away to meet with Snoke in search of guidance on how to proceed. Kylo Ren and General Hux are scolded for not retrieving the droid, and Ren's inability to crack Rey's mind, by the Supreme Leader, who is only revealed as a massive hologram of an old and scarred man seated on a throne towering over them. Rey now understands that she has some Force talent, and uses the mind-trick power to escape from the stormtrooper guarding her cell. She sneaks through the Starkiller Base to the hanger to escape. Meanwhile, Han and Chewie come out of hyperspace on the planet in order to evade the shields, and crash land in the snowy forest. Finn reveals he does not know how to disable the shields; he only came back to rescue Rey. They capture Captain Phasma and force her to lower the shields. Finn, Han and Chewbacca head off to find Rey, but quickly discover that she has freed herself when they spot her scaling a wall of the base. They rush to meet her. She is surprised that they would come back for her, and embraces Finn when she learns from Chewbacca that it was Finn's idea that they come to the base to save her. Poe and the X-Wing fighters arrive and begin to land torpedos on the weak point, but it is not enough. Han and Chewbacca improvise a plan to plant explosives to blow it up instead. They split up to lay explosives in separate locations. Kylo Ren finds that Rey has escaped and is very angry. He searches the base for Rey. He stalks off onto a catwalk where Han spots him. Han approaches him on the catwalk, calling him Ben. He asks his son to return with him, and Ren offers his lightsaber, but then activates it and kills his father, pushing him off into the pit. Chewbacca, having watched the entire conversation, fires on Ren, hitting him in the side, and then detonates the explosives. Kylo Ren confronts Finn and Rey in the snowy forest. Ren is bleeding from his wound, but ignites his red fiery saber to fight. Rey raises her blaster to fire on Ren, but he throws her against a tree with a Force push and she lies unconscious in the snow. Finn rushes to her aid and then uses the blue lightsaber to fight Ren. Finn quickly finds himself outmatched. He manages to touch Ren with the saber, but this only enrages him. Rey is revived by the sound of Finn's screams as he is burned by Ren's saber. Ren easily disarms Finn, tossing the saber off into the snow. He then uses the Force to pull the lightsaber to himself. It hurtles towards him but then flies past. Ren turns to discover the saber in Rey's hands. They begin to fight. Rey initially fights unsuccessfully and desperately, and begins to run from Ren. He pursues her and pins her against the edge of a cliff. Ren offers to teach her the Force, but this only ends up reminding her to tap into its power. She closes her eyes for a moment of meditation and then attacks Ren with a new vigor and power. She rapidly gains the upper hand, extinguishes Ren's saber and cuts him on the arm and across the face. Meanwhile Poe Dameron and the X-Wing pilots fly into the Star Killer base trench, destroying the rest of the base. The planet begins to collapse and explode. A chasm opens between Ren and Rey as the planet continues to fall apart. Chewbacca arrives in the Millennium Falcon to pick up both Finn and Rey. The Falcon and X-Wings escape as the Starkiller Base explodes. Back at the Resistance base, Leia and Rey embrace in sadness, standing apart from the celebration of the rest of the Resistance base. Back at the Resistance Base, R2-D2 awakens and reveals the missing part of the map to Lukes location. Finn is still unconscious, and Rey tells him goodbye while he rests. Rey and Chewbacca leave in the Falcon, Rey taking the pilot's seat. They fly to the planet indicated by the map, where Rey carefully climbs a rocky island. When she reaches the top, she finds an old cloaked and bearded Jedi with a metal hand. It is Luke Skywalker. Rey wordlessly offers him the lightsaber.
tt1679335
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
Once upon a time, the Trolls all lived in a tree, and they were the happiest creatures ever. They would sing, dance, and hug all the time. However, they were discovered by the Bergens, who were miserable and could only be happy whenever they ate a Troll. The Bergens gathered once a year for an event called "Trollstice", where they would eat Trolls and be happy for one day. Young Prince Gristle (voice of Christopher Mintz-Plasse) wakes up his father, the King (voice of John Cleese), on the day of Trollstice. All the Bergens gather around the Troll tree as Chef (voice of Christine Baranski) gets ready to cook up some Trolls. Since it is Gristle's first time ever eating a Troll, Chef prepares to hand over the happiest Troll, Princess Poppy (voice of Iris Dohrn). When she picks from the tree, Chef finds that all the Trolls have been replaced with wooden dolls with crazy hair. The Trolls have escaped underground to a new home, while the King banishes Chef from Bergen Town. She angrily vows to find the Trolls and have them eaten, while the King tells his son that nothing will ever make him happy. 20 years later, the Trolls live in the forest, with Poppy (now played by Anna Kendrick) leading them all in a song. Her dad Peppy (voice of Jeffrey Tambor) is king, and her Troll friends include Biggie (voice of James Corden), a big Troll with a worm friend named Mr. Dinkles; Guy Diamond (voice of Kunal Nayyar), who has an autotuned voice and can fart glitter; Cooper (voice of Ron Funches), a giraffe-like Troll; Satin and Chenille (voices of Aino Jawo and Caroline Hjelt), the fashionistas; DJ Suki (voice of Gwen Stefani); and Creek (voice of Russell Brand), a zen-like Troll. Poppy is throwing a party that day in honor of their arrival to this home. The only Troll that is never happy is Branch (voice of Justin Timberlake), who is grey and constantly pessimistic. He lives in a bunker to protect himself from the Bergens, and he refuses Poppy's invitation to the party. The Trolls have their party, but the bursts of glitter and light and the sound of loud music is enough to get the attention of Chef, who now looks ragged and disheveled, having spent the last 2 decades searching for the Trolls. She goes stomping down into the forest and starts grabbing Trolls. She grabs Biggie, Creek, Cooper, Suki, Satin, Chenille, and a tiny troll named Smidge (Walt Dohrn). The other Trolls hide in the forest by blending in. Poppy goes to Branch's bunker and asks for his help, but he refuses. Poppy then brings back the rest of the Trolls into the bunker, to Branch's displeasure, as she sets off to find her friends by herself. Poppy sings an upbeat song about not letting anything get her down, until she is caught in a spider web. Four spiders approach her, but they are scared off by Branch as he whips his hair at them to hold them back, causing them to walk into the mouth of a bigger creature. Branch decides to join Poppy in her quest, albeit with reluctance. Poppy and Branch rest for the night. Poppy starts to sing and say goodnight to pictures of all her captured friends, which bugs Branch. Poppy gets out her ukulele and starts singing "The Sounds of Silence", with other forest creatures joining in. Branch asks Poppy for the ukulele and he just tosses it into the fire. The two come across a tunnel that's supposed to lead them to Bergen Town. They meet Cloud Guy (also Walt Dohrn), who offers to show them which path leads to Bergen Town, and which one leads to DEATH. Branch gets annoyed with Cloud Guy when he tries to do a high-five, so he breaks a stick and chases him through the tunnel with Poppy running after them. Poppy and Branch wind up in Bergen Town and see how gloomy all the Bergens are in their everyday lives. Poppy and Branch find their friends in the castle as they follow the light from the Trolls' wristbands that signal the hugging hour. Chef brings the captured Trolls to Gristle, who is now king of the Bergens. She wants to bring Trollstice back, and she offers up Creek as the first Troll that Gristle will eat. He is hesitant at first until Chef shoves Creek into Gristle's mouth, leading the other Trolls to think he's been eaten. Chef hands over the rest of the Trolls to Bridget (voice of Zooey Deschanel), a scullery maid, to keep them until it is time for Trollstice. The Trolls find out that Bridget is in love with Gristle, as she sings Lionel Richie's "Hello" while thinking of him. They speak to Bridget and offer to help her out in return for not letting them get eaten. The Trolls start singing, but Bridget asks why Branch isn't singing. He refuses to do so until Poppy asks him why he won't sing. Branch admits that he thinks his singing was what got his grandmother eaten. As a child, he sang beautifully until Chef almost grabbed him, but his grandmother jumped in to save him, leading to her capture. That moment took away his happiness and color. With Poppy's encouragement, Branch decides to help Bridget. They give Bridget a makeover and sit on her head to give her a full head of colorful hair under the guise of Lady Glitter Sparkles. She manages to get Gristle's attention and joins him on a date at a pizza place/skating rink. Bridget is awkward and nervous at first, but with some help from Branch, she starts to gain the confidence to say how she really feels about Gristle, allowing him to fall in love with her. The Trolls then see that Gristle is carrying Creek inside a jewel. Their date is interrupted by Chef, who nearly catches Bridget. She flees and leaves behind a rollerskate, which Gristle keeps. The Trolls steal Gristle's jewel and open it to rescue Creek, but when they open it, he's not inside. Chef recaptures them all and reveals that she is being helped by Creek. He admits that he sold the Trolls out in order to save his own skin. He steals Poppy's cowbell and leads Chef and some other Bergens to the forest where they take the rest of the Trolls. Chef stows all the Trolls inside a giant pot. Feeling betrayed and hopeless, Poppy becomes sad and loses her color, and the rest of the Trolls follow suit. After some silence, Branch starts to sing "True Colors". His voice and newfound optimism inspires his friends, and they, along with Branch himself, regain their color and happiness. Bridget overhears the Trolls and allows them to escape since she is thankful for their help and for showing her how to be happy. She tells Poppy she loves her for helping her and lets them go free. However, Poppy can't bring herself to abandon Bridget after her sacrifice that is sure to doom her life, and Poppy rallies her friends to attempt a permanent solution to the conflict by showing the Bergens that they can be happy too. The Bergens are gathered for the feast, but Gristle wants to wait for his date. Chef makes them start without her, but she opens the pot and finds that the Trolls are gone. Thinking Bridget ate them all, Chef orders the guards to seize Bridget, until the Trolls crash in on Bridget's skate. They land on her head to show Gristle she was his date. Poppy tells Gristle that he managed to be happy without eating a Troll by being with Bridget, leading the other Bergens to realize that they can be happy on their own too. Poppy and Branch start to sing "Can't Stop The Feeling", turning the feast into a big dance party. Chef tries to get the Trolls herself, but Bridget throws a wooden spoon at her head, causing her to stumble onto a cart that rolls out of the castle, sending Chef and Creek away from the kingdom. Poppy is crowned queen of the Trolls as both Trolls and Bergens now live in harmony. She and Branch stand atop a tree and share a hug, along with Cloud Guy. After the initial credits, Chef and Creek's cart stops rolling. Chef prepares to eat Creek herself, but they soon find out they are on top of a monster, who opens his mouth and eats them.
tt2975590
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
Eighteen months after the destructive battle in Metropolis (Man of Steel), Superman has become a controversial figure. Billionaire Bruce Wayne, who has covertly operated in Gotham City as vigilante Batman for nearly two decades, blames Superman for the mass casualties that resulted from his fight with General Zod. Among the casualties were many people working in Wayne Enterprises headquarters when the tower collapsed. Superman, in his public identity as Daily Planet journalist Clark Kent, sees Batman as dangerous and seeks to expose him. LexCorp's mogul Lex Luthor also sees Superman as a threat and convinces Senator June Finch to help him recover kryptonite from Zod's failed terraforming attempt in the Indian Ocean. Finch later stonewalls Luthor's efforts to use Zod's DNA and the Kryptonian scout ship recovered from the battle to create a biological weapon. Wayne successfully infiltrates a fundraiser promoted by Luthor to retrieve data from LexCorp's mainframe, but his flash drive is stolen by mysterious antiques dealer Diana Prince, who learns that Luthor has files on several "metahumans"; beings with superhuman abilities; herself, as well as a man with superhuman speed (Flash), a cybernetic body (Cyborg), and a man that lives underwater (Aquaman). Wayne later receives the drive back from her after she copies it. While decrypting the drive, he has a vision of a dystopian future where he sees a gigantic omega symbol etched into a desert landscape. Armed with a pistol, he leads a force of rebels against Superman. Batman is betrayed by his own men, captured and held prisoner by Superman's army. Superman approaches him, rips off his cowl and tells him he took everything from him. Superman then rips out Batman's heart. Wayne is snapped out of the vision by a mysterious time traveler, who warns him that Lois Lane has a crucial role to an impending threat, and that he must find the others. Before he vanishes, the time traveler yells that he's "too soon" with his message. He later learns not only of Luthor's experiments with kryptonite, but also his ongoing investigation about metahumans including Prince herself, who is an immortal warrior. Batman attempts to retrieve Luthor's kryptonite in the Batmobile, but is intercepted by Superman, who orders him to cease his activities. Later, Finch summons Superman to a Congressional hearing at the U.S. Capitol to debate the validity of his actions. Using a man who was paralyzed by Superman's battle with Zod in Metropolis, Luthor masterminds a bombing that kills dozens of people by hiding the bomb in the man's wheelchair. Everyone in the chamber is killed, including Finch. Despite being seen carrying the injured out of the blast-zone, the public blames the bombing on Superman, who goes into self-imposed exile. Batman retrieves the kryptonite and prepares to launch a strike against Superman; building a powerful exoskeleton and kryptonite-powered arsenal. With Batman now having the kryptonite, Luthor activates the Genesis Chamber aboard the scout ship and splices his own DNA and Zod's. Luthor endangers Lois to lure Superman to LexCorp Tower, where he reveals that he has been aware of Superman's secrets for some time. Luthor blackmails Superman into confronting Batman by holding his adoptive mother, Martha Kent, hostage at an undisclosed location, anticipating that Batman would kill Superman with his kryptonite. Superman tries to reason with Batman, revealing that he knows his secrets, but leads to a fight in which Batman nearly kills Superman with a spear he'd fashioned from the kryptonite. Superman pleads for Batman to "save Martha", which was also the latter's late mother's name, prompting him to come to his senses and realize Superman is not a threat. Upon learning of Luthor's plan, Batman leaves to rescue Martha while Superman confronts Luthor, who unleashes a monstrous artificially-bred creature (Doomsday) made with Kryptonian technology on the crashed ship. Superman and Batman join forces to fight him and are aided by an arriving Prince in her Amazonian attire, but are outmatched due to the creature's ability to absorb and redirect energy, becoming indestructible in the process. Realizing that their shared Kryptonian DNA results in shared vulnerabilities, Superman retrieves the kryptonite spear and impales the creature with it, while the creature stabs Superman with his bony spike, seemingly killing him. Luthor is arrested after Lane exposes his numerous crimes; when he is visited by Batman in prison, he gloats that Superman's death has made the world vulnerable to powerful threats, of which he was taught about while manipulating the Kryptonian ship's technology. Batman threatens Luthor, and promises that he will always be watching him. A memorial is held for Superman in Metropolis, and as Clark is also declared dead. Wayne, Lane, Martha, and Prince attend a private funeral for Clark in Smallville. Martha passes an envelope to Lane, which contains an engagement ring from Clark. After the funeral, Wayne reveals to Prince that he plans to form a team (the Justice League) from Luthor's file subjects to protect the world in Superman's absence. Later, a faint heartbeat begins echoing from Clark's grave and the dirt around it begins to levitate.
tt2820852
Action,Adventure,Thriller
In the opening scene set in London, England, Deckard Shaw (Jason Statham) stands by his brother Owen's (Luke Evans) bedside as he lays in a coma, badly scarred and crippled after being ejected from the plane (in the last Fast and Furious film). Shaw promises his brother that he will settle the score. He leaves the room and goes out into the rest of the hospital, with bodies everywhere. The building continues to burn and crumble around him. Meanwhile, Dom (Vin DIesel) drives Letty (Michelle Rodriguez) to a racetrack in the California desert where hundreds of people from their neighborhood gather for Race Wars, something that Dom and Letty invented when they were younger. Letty goes up for the race and flies past her opponent as his car breaks down on the track. All the patrons cheer her on after she crosses the finish line, followed by Iggy Azalea showing up out of nowhere to congratulate Letty. The excitement of the others is too overwhelming for Letty, and she takes the car and drives away. Dom later finds her that night at the cemetery, staring at her own tombstone. Dom takes a sledgehammer to smash it, but Letty stops him because she thinks the person she used to be is no longer who she is to Dom, and she doesn't want to hurt him for that. She bids Dom goodbye. Brian (Paul Walker) is adjusting to life as a minivan-driving dad, as his son Jack is now old enough for school. Even his wife Mia (Jordana Brewster), Dom's sister, acknowledges that he has had trouble settling down this way. That evening, Hobbs (Dwayne Johnson) continues to do some overnight work while Elena (Elsa Pataky) is getting ready to go out. Hobbs hands her a letter of recommendation that she asked him for. He wishes her luck in her pursuits. Hobbs then sees Shaw in his office hacking into his computer. Hobbs attempts to arrest him as he is gathering the information on the crew that took down his brother. Shaw battles Hobbs through the whole floor, they smash each other through glass walls and coffee tables, while Hobbs manages to get a good chokeslam down on Shaw. Elena returns for back-up as Shaw gets a grenade out. He tosses it towards the detectives, forcing Hobbs to run to Elena as the grenade explodes, sending them both out the window where they land, Hobbs first, on a van. Elena is unharmed. In the office, it is shown that Shaw was looking for Han (Sung Kang). Dom visits Mia at her home as Brian is getting Jack ready for school. Outside their house is a large package. Mia tells Dom that she is having another child, but she hasn't told Brian for fear of how he'd react to more changes. Dom gets a call from Shaw, listening to his message after killing Han (from the end of the previous film). Dom realizes there's trouble, and he grabs Mia as the package explodes massively, destroying the whole house. Jack is safe in the minivan, though his parents rush to him in a panic. Dom follows Elena to Hobbs's hospital room. He tells Dom who Shaw is, including his history in the Special Forces, where he was turned into a human killing machine. Hobbs asks Dom to promise him he will take Shaw down for good. Dom agrees. Meanwhile, Brian sends Mia and their son to hide out in the Dominican Republic until this thing with Shaw is taken care of. He promises Mia that he will return as long as they are safe. Dom flies to Tokyo to bring Han back for a proper burial. He meets with Sean Boswell (Lucas Black), Han's friend (from the third film Fast and Furious 3: Toyko Drift). After the two have their race, Sean gives him the only things they could find from Han's car: a picture of Gisele and a cross necklace. Back in California, the gang gathers for Han's funeral, joined by Tej (Ludacris) and Roman (Tyrese Gibson). Dom spots a car suspiciously driving near the funeral. He follows it, learning it is Shaw. They crash into each other in a tunnel, and they briefly fight until a team of agents comes in, giving Shaw a chance to escape. Their leader, a shadowy agent known only as "Mr. Nobody" (Kurt Russell), brings Dom with him and gathers Brian, Tej, Roman, and finally Letty to work together on a mission. A hacker known only as Ramsey has been captured by a terrorist leader named Mose Jakande (Djimon Hounsou), because he is pursuing something Ramsey helped develop called God's Eye, which is a surveillance system that can spot anybody from anywhere in the world. Using this, Dom can locate Shaw. The guys come up with a plan to infiltrate the bus that is carrying Ramsey, while Dom asks Tej to help him put armor on one car. The plan involves the five dropping from a jet in their cars and carefully land close to their target. Roman gets cold feet, prompting Tej to pull the chute out on him and sucking him out of the plane. The other four land close to the bus and break in. Jakande's men shoot at the team. Brian hops on the bus and fights off the guards. He finds Ramsey... a young woman (Nathalie Emmanuel) in her cell and has her jump off the bus and onto the hood of Dom's car for safety. He then dukes it out with a minion named Kiet (Tony Jaa), who is a tough fighter. In the madness, the driver of the bus is accidentally shot. Kiet locks Brian on the bus as he gets out. The bus slides toward the edge of a cliff. Brian climbs out and manages to run off the bus and onto Letty's car as she arrives in time to grab him. Meanwhile, Dom and Ramsey encounter Shaw, leading them both through the woods. Roman appears and knocks Shaw off the road. However, Jakande and his team find Dom. Before they can get him, he drives his car off a cliff, yet he and Ramsey miraculously survive. The team revives Ramsey, who tells them that she gave God's Eye to a friend of hers in Abu Dhabi. They all travel there and meet this person, Safar (Ali Fazal), who says he sold God's Eye to a prince. The team goes undercover to a party that the prince is throwing. Dom and Brian find that God's Eye is in a car. Letty ends up fighting three guards and the prince's chief bodyguard Kara (Ronda Rousey). Kara alerts the guards that there are intruders, keeping Tej and Ramsey out of their systems. Dom and Brian drive the car out of there before the gates shut the place down. Shaw comes out and tries to shoot at Dom, until he drives out of the building and through the next one. Dom discovers that the brakes are out, forcing him and Brian to jump to the next building. The two jump out of the car and pull God's Eye out before the car slides out and crashes to the ground below. With God's Eye, the team learns that Shaw is hiding out in an abandoned factory outside the city. After tracking him there, they see that he has a lot of back-up from Jakande. The team evades gunfire, when Mr. Nobody gets shot in the chaos. Dom carries him out, and Jakande gets his hands on God's Eye. Mr. Nobody calls for medical assistance, and tells Dom that he will be leaving him. The team knows that it's time to end it with Shaw once and for all. They decide to take the fight back to the streets of their hometown in Los Angeles. Brian calls Mia to tell her he loves her in case he doesn't make it back. Mia tells him that they're having a little girl. Brian then promises to come back to her. Tej and Roman take Ramsey with them while they try and hack God's Eye to prevent Jakande from finding Ramsey. Dom finds Shaw and lures him to a parking lot where they have their final showdown. They have a street fight, dueling with wrenches and pipes. Meanwhile, Jakande, in an armored Stealth Black Hawk helicopter, sends a flying armored drone to find Ramsey. They end up shooting down an electrical tower, which catches Hobbs's attention after watching it on the news. He announces "Daddy's gotta go to work" and breaks off the cast on his arm, and then gears up. Ramsey gets switched under the bridge and goes with Lettty while Brian tries to find a new spot to hack God's Eye. He encounters Kiet again and kills him when he hooks him up to a weight and pushes him down an elevator shaft. The drone chases after Letty and Ramsey, nearly getting them until Hobbs rides in on an ambulance and destroys it by crashing into it with the ambulance off the freeway ramp. Hobbs exits the totaled ambulance, shaken but still alive. They succeed in the hack, and Jakande is furious. He and his men locate Dom and Shaw still fighting on the roof of the parking garage. They shoot a missile at the lot, causing the ground to break beneath Shaw's feet. Dom stomps on the concrete and drops Shaw through the lot. Jakande continues shooting at Dom as he drives away, but Hobbs shoots back. Dom grabs a bag of grenades and drives close enough to stick them onto Jakande's chopper. Hobbs shoots at the bag, destroying the chopper and Jakande. Dom crashes his car and is pulled out by Brian and Letty. Letty begs him to stay alive and says she remembers that they got married in the Dominican Republic. That's where he gave her the cross necklace that Han had. Dom awakens and kisses Letty. Shaw is locked up for good in a maximum security black site prison. He threatens to break out, though Hobbs doubts that it will ever happen. The team watches Brian and Mia play with Jack on the beach. They realize this is where he belongs, and they look at them lovingly. Dom gets up to leave. Ramsey asks if he's gonna say goodbye. Dom says, "It's never goodbye." He drives away, only to get caught up with Brian on the road. They look at each other with a smile. We hear Dom's voice say that they both lived life at a quarter mile, and that's why they're brothers. This is cut between scenes of Brian through the whole series and everything he and Dom have been through. Dom says Brian will always be his brother. The two continue driving until they finally part ways at a fork in the road, with Brian driving into the sunset. The film closes with the text, "For Paul".
tt2267968
Animation,Action,Adventure
Master Oogway (Randall Duk Kim) is residing in the Spirit Realm. There, he is attacked by Kai (J.K. Simmons), a large yak who was Oogway's ally, but turned against him 500 years ago. Oogway sent him to the Spirit Realm, where he collected the chi of every warrior there. He beats Oogway, and takes his chi, turning him into a jade amulet which Kai wears on a belt along with the rest of the warriors. With Oogway's chi, he is able to open a portal to Earth. At the Jade Palace, Po (Jack Black), Tigress (Angelina Jolie), Monkey (Jackie Chan), Mantis (Seth Rogen), Viper (Lucy Liu) and Crane (David Cross) order lunch at Mr. Ping's (James Hong) noodle shop, and then go back up the mountain. Po tries to get them to do a dramatic entrance into the palace, and demonstrates by moving to kick open the door, when Master Shifu (Dustin Hoffman) appears in front of him. Shifu does a real dramatic entrance, and then breaks the news that this will be his last day teaching, and that from now on, Po will be their teacher. Po tries to shout out commands to the team to guide them through an obstacle course, but his commands only make them crash into the obstacles and each other. Po goes to a statue of Oogway and apologizes, and Shifu pops up next to him. Po tells Shifu that he is done with teaching, and Shifu tells him that Oogway named him the Dragon Warrior because he could do more than just fight. Shifu harnesses chi energy to make a flower bloom. Po says he'll never be a good teacher like Shifu, and Shifu replies that he's not trying to turn Po into himself, rather, he's trying to turn Po into Po. Po is thoroughly confused. Kai goes through the portal and lands on a farm. He tosses his jade amulets on the ground, and they turn into warriors. He instructs them to bring him Oogway's students. Po is at home taking a bath, and he gets interrupted by Mr. Ling, his adopted father. Po tells him what happened earlier, and that he can't be a teacher. Mr. Ling tells him to take the job, and then Mr. Ling can sell noodles inside the palace. A pig pokes his head in and tells them that someone is about to beat Po's dumpling-eating record. They go downstairs, but can't see who is eating the dumplings. Once the record is broken, Po sees that it is another panda, bigger even than him. The panda introduces himself as Li Shan, (Bryan Cranston) and tells Po that he is looking for his son that he lost many years ago. Po tells him that he lost his father when he was a baby. They wish each other good luck and start to walk away. The other animals in the restaurant shake their heads. Po and Li stop and look at each other again. They notice each other's green eyes and huge bellies, and realize they're father and son. They hug each other, and Po introduces him to Mr. Ling. Po is unsure what to call them, since they're both his father. Li teaches Po the Belly Gong, where they bump bellies together, and both bellies shake. Po asks an artist to make a sketch of him and Li, but Mr. Ling puts himself in the picture. Li tells Po that there is a secret panda village where he had been living, and that he got a message from the universe that Po would be here. Po leads Li outside to show him around, and Mr. Ling sadly looks at his Po action figure. Po takes Li to the Jade Palace, and they both get winded climbing up the stairs. Po shows Li all the cool artifacts in the Hall of Heroes. Shifu and the others walk in, and Po introduces his father. Shifu asks if he will stick around to watch Po teach, but then a gong goes off, signaling that the village is under attack. They all go to the village, and find Kai's jade zombies. In battle, Po recognizes that they're fighting the great warriors of the past. The group gets the upper hand and pins down the "jombies," and they all start speaking with Kai's voice. They say that Po's chi will soon be Kai's, and then vaporize and fly away. Shifu tells them he doesn't know who Kai is. In the scroll room, Shifu finds a scroll that has information about Kai, written by Oogway. "Long ago I had a brother in arms. I was an ambitious young warrior leading a great army. And fighting by my side was Kai, my closest friend. One day we were ambushed. I was badly wounded. My friend carried me for days, looking for help. until we came upon a secret village, high in the mountains. An ancient place of healing. A village of pandas." "Pandas?" Po asks. "Yes! Pandas! The pandas used the power of chi to heal me. They taught me the power to give chi. But Kai wanted the power all to himself. He saw that what could be given could also be taken. On the scroll is a picture of Kai sucking the chi from a panda. "I had to stop him. Our battle shook the earth. Until finally, I banished Kai to the Spirit Realm. Should he ever return to the mortal realm, he can only be stopped by a true Master of Chi." The group huddles together to try to figure out how to get a Chi Master, until Li tells Po that he can teach him how to do it by taking him back to the panda village and teaching him how to be a true panda. Mr. Ling tries to protest, but Po tells him that he can only master chi by finding out who he really is. Mr. Ling offers to pack him a lunch before he leaves. The next morning, Li and Po head for the village, and Shifu sends Crane and Mantis to find Kai, telling them not to engage him. Po and Li are walking through the mountains and decide they should eat lunch. Po finds Mr. Ling inside his lunch sack, and Mr. Ling tells him that he stowed away in case the pandas don't have any food Po likes. They get to the palace, which is behind a giant wall of ice. Li pulls a string, and a bucket comes down. The three of them climb in and are hoisted up into the clouds. Po sees a lush green village with pandas everywhere. Li introduces Grandma Panda, the village elder, and Po's cousins, Dim and Sum. A panda named Big Fun gives Po a big hug, despite not knowing who he is. And Lei Lei, a baby panda, takes Po's Tigress action figure and plays with it. Li announces that they will have a feast in Po's honor, and all the pandas flop to the ground and start rolling downhill. "Pandas don't walk, we roll!" explained Li. The other pandas manage to avoid the rocks and logs on the hill as they roll down. Po plops down on the grass and rolls after them. The pandas dig into the food at the banquet table, and Mr. Ling hands Po his chopsticks. The other pandas look at him, confused, so he demonstrates how to eat a dumpling with chopsticks. He sees that they have all stuffed a bunch of dumplings into their mouths at once. A gong sounds, and everyone turns to look at a nearby stage. A panda named Mei Mei does a ribbon dance and flirts with Po. Crane and Mantis are searching for Kai, and they find three kung fu masters in the desert. The group finds an abandoned ship, and the masters run in to attack, despite Crane's warning not to engage. Mantis hears them scream and jumps in to help. Kai steals all of their chi, turning them into jade. Crane flies in, but he soon meets the same fate. The next day, Po finds some pandas playing with a jianzi, and he joins in and kicks it, sending it straight to Grandma Panda, conking her in the head. They quickly roll away. Li points to Dim and Sum, standing next to two trees with a hammock strung between them. They get into the hammock, and then Li pulls back the trees and launches them up the hill. Awestruck, Po does likewise. Mr. Ling tries to lure him away with food, but Po ignores him.
tt2752772
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
Sinister 2, instead of using super 8 film the way the first Sinister movie did, uses other found footage mediums such as vinyl records, a ham radio and 16mm film. The film begins with a 16mm home movie of three people tied to crosses in a rural cornfield. One of the crosses suddenly catches fire, killing the person tied down to it. Deputy So & So from the first Sinister film visits a Catholic confession booth, and it is revealed to the audience that he is no longer a deputy because of his involvement with the Oswalt case. He is now a private investigator, and he spends his free time burning down the houses which he thinks that Bughuul visited. Meanwhile Courtney, a mother of two twin boys (Dylan and Zach), is shopping at the supermarket when suddenly a pervert begins following her, hired by her abusive ex-husband to locate his family. The pervert almost catches her, but she escapes with her sons and he is stopped by a security guard. She drives out to a decaying farmhouse where she and her sons have been in hiding for some time. Dylan has been having nightmares, and to stop them, his not-so-imaginary friend Milo (one of Bughuul's victims), shows him a number of 16mm snuff reels depicting families being murdered in various ways. One film shows a family eaten by alligators (Fishing Trip), one shows a family frozen to death in the snow (Christmas Morning), one shows a family being electrocuted violently (Kitchen Remodeling) and one shows a family being disemboweled by rats in a church (Sunday School). Zach becomes increasingly violent, calling his mom and brother nasty names, beating up his brother cruelly and displaying behavior akin to his abusive dad. Deputy comes to the house to burn it down, assuming that it is empty, but he's stopped by Courtney who threatens him and tries to chase him away. When she realizes that it's all a big misunderstanding, she invites him in for coffee. He explains that ever since his best friend Ellison Oswalt, was murdered, that he's been investigating similar cold cases. Courtney allows him to investigate the nearby church, where the rat murder happened, and while investigating, Deputy witnesses a number of odd and frightening paranormal things. Clint shows up without warning, along with a team of cops, demanding that the boys come out to see him, but Deputy chases them away, with the threat of telling the media about Clint's abuse. It is also revealed that Deputy was nearly arrested for the Oswalt family's murder but that the charges were dropped. Courtney invites him for supper and sees how nice he is to her and the boys, so she lets him spend the night on the living room couch before driving back to his motel. He wakes up in the night and goes over some crime scene photos, and Courtney comes downstairs. They start drinking out on the porch and she tells him about Clint. Deputy tells her that her abused son reminds him of himself when he was a kid (implying that he was abused by his own father in the past). He also tells her about his motives for obsessing with the Oswalt murders. Courtney tells him that she wishes he was the boys' father, and when they go back inside, they kiss briefly. The next morning, Deputy drives away to visit Dr. Stromberg, who reveals that Professor Jonas (from the first Sinister film) has gone missing, and that he discovered a disturbing recording on a HAM radio of a child speaking in Norwegian and then killing their family. The words translate back to "I can't hear Bughuul over your yelling, mom!" in English. The deputy requests that the radio be destroyed and it's revealed that Bughuul travels through art (books, film, music, drawings). At the same time, Courtney and her sons are taken from the house by Clint, and Zach watches the last film, Dental Work (a man having all his teeth pulled without anesthesia). Deputy shows up to rescue them, but Clint beats him up and threatens to murder him, so he leaves, and Clint starts the abuse all over again. The next day, Dylan texts Deputy with the words "Help us!" Zach becomes possessed and starts filming his family with the 16mm camera, drugging them, tying them to crosses and then lighting one cross on fire, with Clint on it. Clint is killed and he twitches violently in the flames, but before Zach can finish off his family, Deputy knocks him down with his car and unties Courtney and Dylan. Zach picks up the camera and a scythe and starts chasing them all through the cornfield, partially cutting off Deputy's hand, but they all make it back to the farmhouse. Zach searches for his family but Deputy hides them both, and Milo and the other dead children begin destroying the house room by room. They crush Deputy behind a desk and hit him with golf clubs, but before Zach can finish off Courtney and Dylan, Deputy smashes the camera, exposing the film to the light and destroying it instantly. Zach screams "NO!" repeatedly and runs to the basement, only to be cornered by the dead kids, who all worriedly tell him that Bughuul will get rid of their souls now. They disappear and Bughuul touches Zach's shoulder, turning him into ashes and killing him. Deputy, Courtney and Dylan drive away, back to Deputy's motel, but when he goes inside, he finds the HAM radio sitting on the nightstand. The voices of dead kids start drifting from the speakers, chanting "It's the kids! It's the kids! It's the kids! ...DEPUTY!!!" Bughuul's face suddenly pops up and it's implied that Deputy is killed.
tt2226597
Action,Adventure,Drama
The film starts at an airport. Alex Martin (Kate Winslet) is trying to fly to Denver for her wedding, only to be told that her flight has been canceled due to an impending storm. At the same time, Ben Bass (Idris Elba) is attempting to fly in order to perform heart surgery on a 10-year-old boy, but his flight has also been canceled. Alex approaches Ben and offers a solution to their problem. The two walk over to meet Walter (Beau Bridges), a man owning a charter plane that can get them to their destination. Walter brings his dog along, and the dog doesn't immediately take too kindly to Ben. On the flight, Alex tells Ben that she's a photographer who was in the area photographing neo-Nazis. Alex then notices the storm clouds appearing overhead. As Walter is contacting someone over the radio, he begins to suffer a stroke. Ben goes over to help, but Walter loses motor function and the plane goes crashing down into the mountains. Ben wakes up at night. He finds that Walter is dead, but the dog survived. Alex is unconscious and has a severely broken leg. He treats it and wraps it up before he passes out. In the morning, Ben walks out of the wreckage. He pulls Walter's body out and buries him in the snow. The next day, Alex wakes up. Ben tells her what's happened. They figure they have a limited food supply and must do what they can to flag someone down to rescue them. They spend some time talking to each other to ease their minds over their situation. Ben sees a plane flying overhead and tries to get its attention by shooting a flare, but it doesn't work. He goes out to look for anything that can help them while Alex stays in the plane. While alone, Alex listens to a recorder that Ben keeps with a message from his wife, who apparently left Ben. Ben slips and nearly falls over a cliff but is stopped short of the edge by a rock. Meanwhile, a cougar stalks Alex and the dog outside the plane. The dog barks and runs out to face the cougar, but the dog is bitten in the neck. The cougar goes for Alex, but she fires a flare at its face, causing it to retreat. When Ben comes back, he treats the dog's neck wound and finds the cougar's corpse. He cooks the cougar to feed himself, Alex, and the dog. Alex thinks they should move forward instead of waiting around for help, but Ben disagrees with her. After a few days, Alex and Ben leave the plane behind and start to head down the mountain as Alex has spotted a light reflection in the distance through her camera lens. They take the dog and start moving downward, only to encounter a river at the bottom of the cliff with no way around it. They seek shelter in a cave for the night. Alex and Ben continue their trek down the mountain in the morning. They start to worry that they might die up there. Ben asks Alex to take a picture of him since it may be the last one taken of him before he dies. Alex recounts a story in which she met a girl who was later caught in an explosion. Instead of getting the girl help, Alex took her picture right before she died. Therefore, she refuses to take Ben's picture. As they continue their walk, they become separated from the dog. Ben goes after him and finds a cabin. As he looks through it, Alex feels the ground beneath her cracking. She realizes she is standing over thin ice, and she falls through into the ice cold water. Ben hears the cracking and sees Alex go down. He runs over and pulls her out, but she is unconscious and almost blue. Ben brings her to the cabin and starts a fire to warm her up. Alex remains unconscious for a couple of days but she eventually wakes up. While Ben is out looking for help, Alex listens to the recording from his wife again, but Ben catches her this time. Alex apologizes but Ben is clearly upset. When he is about to go out again, Alex kisses him, leading to them having sex. Afterwards, Ben tells Alex about his wife. Her name was Sarah, and they were married for eight years. She developed a brain tumor and left him when they realized it was out of his control, and she later died. Ben later leaves the cabin and spots a lumber mill in the distance. As he is going back to the cabin with the dog, his foot gets caught in a bear trap. Alex sets off on her own to the lumber mill as quickly as she can. She manages to flag down a truck driver before she passes out. Ben wakes up in the hospital. He walks over to Alex's room to find her with her fiancee, Mark (Dermot Mulroney). He thanks Ben for saving Alex's life, though Ben insists she saved him. He leaves the room heartbroken. Alex and Ben eventually return to their lives. Ben goes back to England to his home in South London and adopts the dog. Alex continues her life with Mark, but she still misses Ben. While hosting a party, a friend suggests to Alex that she shares whatever photos she took during her ordeal, though Alex declines since one picture is of Ben after they slept together. Alex then tries to call Ben, but he continues to decline her calls. Mark later talks to Alex and states he would always love her even if she never came back quite whole. Alex sends Ben some of the photos from their time on the mountain, with a note saying only he will understand what they mean. This inspires him to finally call Alex back. Some time later, the two meet in Manhattan at a restaurant. Ben says he never called Alex back because he thought she would be married already, but Alex says she couldn't go through with it. She tells Ben that she fell in love with him on the mountain, though Ben can't bring himself to admit he wants her back. They part ways after a hug, but they quickly regret leaving each other. They immediately turn around and run back into each other's arms.
tt1390411
Action,Adventure,Biography
Herman Melville visits old Thomas Nickerson about the whaling ship Essex. The man refuses to speak but his wife insists otherwise, believing that Thomas has been tormenting himself by refusing to speak of his story, so he starts. Nantucket farmer and whaler Owen Chase convinces his wife all will be better as he gets his promised captaincy. But the executives have him as the first mate instead on his next whaling journey aboard the Essex, accommodating young Captain George Pollard, who is descended from a family of prestigious whalers. After they set out, Owen shows he's the de facto captain with his skills and initiative. One day the captain orders the crew to head into a squall despite Owen's warning. As the ship gets damaged the captain orders to turn around, but the waves wreak havoc to the ship. This starts open animosity between George and Owen, but they grudgingly remain allies for the sake of the ship's success. They capture a sperm whale, with Chase again displaying his expertise by correctly guessing the whale would not be able to dive deep enough to drag the harpoon boat under the water. Young Nickerson gets his first experience with whale oil when he is ordered to slip inside the head to scoop leftover oil. But no whale appears for the Essex for the next several months. After sailing far they meet a Spanish captain informing of them a large whale pack's location, but there's also a 'demon' whale. Both George and Owen agree to chase the pack, dismissing the 'demon' whale as a myth. They reach the place and soon find the 'demon', a 30-foot long white whale. It easily damages the Essex' hull, forcing the crew to abandon her. The whale oil the crew had gathered earlier catches fire, but the crew are able to save the three harpoon boats and some makeshift sails. The crew rations their supplies, but the supplies are very limited. The crew faces friction among them. Weeks pass and the men grow large beards and grow increasingly haggard. After days adrift, Owen spots the demon whale following them. The second mate Matthew Joy gets injured in a storm. Again Owen spots the demon whale; this time, it attacks the boats, killing some men. They get washed ashore to an island. But after some time, Owen finds a cave full of decomposing bodies and realizes that other crews that were stranded here waited in vain for someone to rescue them. Owen proposes to leave since no boats will come. They go, leaving the injured Matthew and three others. Some more days adrift, one of the men dies. As rations scarce over, Owen proposes they eat the remains to survive, and so they do. The men in George's boat even draw straws to determine who should sacrifice himself to be the next meal. Back in the present, the old Nickerson tearfully admits that the sheer atrocities of cannibalism and drawing lots to see who will be the next meal were the memories that he refused to share even with his wife. The crew again they spot the 'demon'. The crew cooperates and Owen gains a killing shot position, holding a makeshift trident that Captain Pollard had forged on the island. He and the whale exchange stares, canceling Owen's throw. The two remaining boats are separated by currents, but both eventually become rescued. Pollard's boat, containing Pollard and one other survivor, is found by another whaling vessel, and the vessels captain is horrified at the number of human bones in the boat. Owen's boat drifts near a harbor and is rescued by ships in the area. Arriving back in Nantucket, Owen and George are intimidated by the executives, who demand that Owen and George lie to preserve the industry's reputation. The executives do not want horror stories of monster whales and human cannibalism to spread among the sailors, who would inevitably quit from fear. But Owen refuses, claiming that it would be dishonorable to dismiss what the crew had gone through. George eventually tells the truth in the inquiry, and Owen moves from Nantucket. The young Nickerson meets Owen before Owen leaves, and Owen gives Nickerson a whale bone pin, a badge of whaling prowess that Nickerson had longingly looked at when he first boarded the Essex. The elderly Nickerson still has the pin in the present, and when he asks Melville what facts he will include in his story, Melville respectfully answers that he will "add some, and leave out others," and Nickerson is relieved that Melville will likely not include the atrocities in his story. Melville leaves and Nickerson closes the door.
tt2277860
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
A five-year-old blue tang is practicing introducing herself with her parents, Charlie (voice of Eugene Levy) and Jenny (voice of Diane Keaton). "Hi, I'm Dory, and I have short-term remembory loss." They start a game of hide-and-seek with her, but as soon as she starts counting, she forgets about the game. Seeing the look on her parents' faces, she says "Did I forget again?" Jenny tells her not to worry, and she asks what will happen if she forgets her parents. "Would you ever forget me?" Jenny says, "We will never forget you, Dory. And we know you'll never forget us." Weeks later, Dory was swimming in the ocean alone, asking other fish for help, but since she couldn't remember anything, nobody could help her. "Just keep swimming, just keep swimming," she sang to herself, and then fell asleep. Years later, Dory (voice of Ellen DeGeneres) is still lost and unable to remember her family. She sees a boat cruise by over her head, and a clownfish named Marlin (voice of Albert Brooks) smacks into her. After Dory and Marlin rescued his son, Nemo (voice of Hayden Rolence), she stays with them at the Great Barrier Reef. They all swim up to Mr. Ray (voice of Bob Peterson), who is leading the class on a field trip. Dory volunteers to go along as an assistant and Mr. Ray reluctantly agrees. He talks to the class about migration and tells them that it's about going home. One kid asks Dory where her home is. The word "home" triggers a flash of a memory in her mind but she quickly loses it. Mr. Ray takes the class to the edge of the reef and reminds them to be careful of the undertow. Again, the word makes Dory remember something but she soon gets lost in thought. A school of rays swims by causing the grass to sway in their wake. The swaying grass entrances Dory who remembers two fish saying "Watch out, kelpcake," and "You have to stay away from the undertow." She swims near the rays and gets sucked into the undertow. Dory remembers being pulled away from her parents and then everything going black. Mr. Ray finds her lying in the sand and she murmurs "Jewel of Morro Bay, California." When she wakes up, she realizes that she had a memory, something that never happened before. When Marlin arrives, Dory is still excited about the memory although she can't remember what it was. Nemo repeats what she had said and she has a flood of memories. She remembers her family and realizes that they're still out in the ocean, somewhere, with no idea where she is. She sets out for the Jewel of Morro Bay with Marlin and Nemo following to keep her out of trouble. Marlin has an idea for how to get where they're going quickly. Marlin's friend, a turtle named Crush (voice of Andrew Stanton), has the three of them on his shell, taking them through the California current. They jump off and see a sunken container ship, and a group of hermit crabs taking cover. The crabs shush Dory when she tries to ask for help, triggering another memory. As a young fish, she swam past a sunken ship and asked a group of crabs for help finding her parents, Jenny and Charlie, and they quickly shushed her. Back in the present, she tells Marlin that she remembers her parents' names. She swims around shouting their names with the crabs still trying to shush her. She swims up to a container and a squid pops out and chases her. The three of them swim as fast as they can with the squid in pursuit. Dory gets caught in a plastic six-pack ring. They swim through a small hole into a container and the squid shakes it, causing other containers to fall. In the scuffle, the squid grabs Nemo and pulls him toward its mouth. Marlin grabs Nemo and a container hits the floor causing the trio to be launched to safety, landing in a kelp bed. Marlin rushes over to console his trembling son and Dory asks if she can do anything to help. Marlin responds, "You know what you can do, Dory? You can wait over there. Go wait over there and forget. It's what you do best." Hurt, Dory decides to go get help and she swims off, unseen. She hears a voice (Sigourney Weaver) say "Won't you please join us as we explore the wonders of the Pacific Ocean and the amazing life it holds within. Witness the majesty of the beluga whale..." Confused, she follows the mysterious voice. When Marlin realizes that she swam off, he goes out to find her and sees a pair of hands scoop her out of the water. The humans pull her into their boat and remove the plastic ring around her. Then they put her in a cooler and shut the lid. The ship heads toward the shore with Marlin and Nemo frantically swimming after it. They hear a voice say, " Welcome to the Marine Life Institute, where we believe in rescue, rehabilitation and release." And then, the boat goes out of sight. The cooler lid opens and two staff workers dump Dory into a large tank and clip an orange tag to her fin and then leave the room. A seven-legged octopus named Hank (voice of Ed O'Neill) had been disguising himself against a wall by changing color to match it. He slips over to Dory's tank asking her why she's in Quarantine. Spotting her tag, he tells her that she's going to be transported to an aquarium in Cleveland. She says that she has to find her family in the Jewel of Morro Bay and he responds that she's already there. "You mean, I'm from here? I'm from here!" Hank tells her that if she gives him her tag, she'll be able to stay and find her parents, while he goes to the aquarium. She asks why he wants to go there and he says he doesn't want to be released back into the ocean since he has bad memories from there. He just wants to go to Cleveland and live the rest of his life alone. Dory agrees to give him her tag, after he helps her find her parents. He grabs an empty coffee pot and uses it to scoop her out of the tank. Outside, Marlin and Nemo swim up to the building, finding a pair of sea lions, Fluke (voice of Idris Elba) and Rudder (voice of Dominic West), who explain that in the Institute, fish are rehabilitated and released, as they themselves were recently. Marlin tells them that he needs to get in the building and they say they know a way and then make strange "Oo-roo" noises. Hank is taking Dory down the hallway and she sees a map on a wall. He brings her closer and she sees a purple shell. That triggers another memory of her parents laying purple shells all around their coral home. Just then, a staffer walks in. Hank camouflages himself and Dory sees the staffer holding a bucket that has the word Destiny printed on it. Dory gets an idea and jumps in the bucket, which is full of dead fish. The staffer grabs her and a bunch of the other fish, and tosses them into a huge tank. There are a group of children outside the tank and a tour guide tells them that there is a whale shark named Destiny (voice of Kaitlin Olson) in the tank. Destiny is near-sighted and has trouble swimming around the tank, but Dory stops her before she smacks the glass. She recognizes Dory's voice and tells her that they were childhood friends. Destiny tells Dory that she's from the Open Ocean exhibit and Dory asks her to take her there. Destiny tells her that she doesn't have any way to travel around. A beluga whale named Bailey (voice of Ty Burrell) is in the next tank and Destiny tells Dory that he was brought in with a head injury. She says he thinks he can't use echolocation anymore even though the staff have examined him and found nothing wrong. Camouflaging himself as a toy, Hank gets tossed into the tank. He demands her tag in return for showing her the map. Destiny tells Dory that she can get to the Open Ocean exhibit by going through the pipes, taking two lefts and swimming straight. Dory worries that she won't remember the directions and Hank tells her there's no other way. His words trigger another memory, of young Dory trying to pry a shell loose from the sand. She thinks there's no other way to get the shell and is about to give up when her dad tells her that there's always another way and uses his tail to wiggle the shell loose. "There's always another way." She swims to the surface and sees the Open Ocean building over the hill. She also spots a rack of baby strollers and she tells Hank she will use one of them to get across the park. Fluke and Rudder are calling a loon named Becky, and they tell Marlin that she can fly them in. They climb into a bucket that Becky picks up and flies into the building. Inside, Dory and Hank are hiding in a stroller. Hank steers the stroller while Dory navigates. He tells her to find a sign that says Open Ocean to get to the exhibit. They bump into a boy who spills his popcorn on the floor. Flying in, Becky sees the popcorn, leaves the bucket hanging on a tree branch and flies down to eat it. Coming to an intersection, Hank asks which way to go and Dory sees a sign that reads "The World's Most Powerful Pair of Glasses," and an arrow points to the left. She tells Hank that she remembers that and they need to go left. She doesn't notice that the sign also says "Open Ocean" with an arrow pointing right. Marlin and Nemo are stuck in the bucket with Becky still eating popcorn. Marlin tries to inch the bucket forward to get within Becky's earshot and it tips over, dumping them out and into a tank of toy fish in the gift shop. Becky finishes eating and grabs the bucket again and flies off to the roof of the Quarantine building. She looks in the bucket and finds it empty. Dory and Hank pull up to the sea otter tank and Hank asks why she led them there. She tells him that she remembered something about glasses and followed that. The stroller rolls downhill and they're launched into the kid's touch-pool. Dodging kids' hands, she swims up to the camouflaged Hank and pulls him along. A kid's hand touches Hank and he inks, turning the pool black, and scaring off all the kids. Hank can't believe that her idea had saved them. Dory sees a sign that reads "Echolocation...The World's Most Powerful Pair of Glasses" and Hank shows her that the wall opened to reveal the Open Ocean exhibit. Inside the toy tank, Marlin and Nemo see a group of fountains with streams of water shooting between them. They jump out of the tank and catch a water stream, jumping from one to the next. Hank holds Dory in a plastic cup and sneaks across the room to the Open Ocean exhibit. She hands him her tag and he drops her into the tank. On the floor, she sees a trail of shells. Another memory pops into her mind and she remembers her parents placing shells in a line. They tell her that if she ever gets lost, she can just follow the shells back home. Dory follows the trail of shells and finds her childhood home but her parents are nowhere to be found. She sees a purple shell which triggers another memory of her parents warning her to stay away from the undertow. She swims to an outflow pipe and another memory pops up of her overhearing a conversation between her parents. They worry that something bad will happen to her one day. Young Dory looked around for something to make her mom happy, finding a purple shell in the distance. "Mommy loves purple shells." Dory swam out to the shell and got sucked away by the undertow. Dory realizes that it's her fault her parents aren't there. A crab named Carol tells her that all of the blue tangs who were there got taken into Quarantine and are being put on a truck bound for Cleveland. Carol says that Dory can get to Quarantine by swimming through the pipes. Nervously, Dory swims into the pipes, quickly forgetting which way she's going. She calls out to Destiny and asks for help. Destiny tells Bailey to use echolocation to help Dory. Bailey is convinced that it won't work but gives it a try anyway and is surprised that he can visualize a map of the pipes. He guides her toward Quarantine but then he senses something else in the pipes. He tries to have Dory swim away but she keeps swimming closer. Dory is surprised to see Marlin and Nemo in the pipes and they all hug. She tells them that her parents are going to be shipped away and they head to Quarantine. They see a tank of blue tangs across the room and swim up to the surface and jump from tank to tank. Just when they get to the last tank, it gets lifted up and they hit the side and fall into a mop bucket. Camouflaged, Hank reaches in and pulls them out, putting them in a beaker. Dory introduces Hank to Marlin and Nemo and Hank drops them into the tank of tangs. Dory looks around but can't find her parents anywhere. The other tangs tell her that they knew her parents. After she got lost as a child, her parents thought she must have ended up in Quarantine. They came to look for her but that was years ago. The tangs tell Dory that when a fish doesn't make it back from Quarantine, it means they're gone. Sadly, Dory backs into the beaker and Hank pulls her out. He asks where Marlin and Nemo are and sees them get loaded onto the truck. A staffer grabs Hank and he drops the beaker. He slaps at the staffer, who lets him go, and he quickly camouflages himself and looks at the spot where the beaker fell. He sees Dory get sucked into a drain that goes to the ocean. In the ocean, Dory finds a trail of shells and follows them to a home made from a tire. Seeing two fish off in the distance, she swims toward them and realizes that they're her parents. They swim up to her and hug her. They tell her that after they didn't find her in Quarantine, they figured she must have gone out the pipes. They laid out shells every day, hoping she'd see them and come back home. They ask her if she's been alone all these years. Suddenly, she remembers Marlin and Nemo. Inside the truck, Hank reveals himself to Marlin and Nemo and tells them that he lost Dory. Dory is swimming through the water, catching her parents up on everything that's happened to her. Suddenly, she hears the announcer voice from the Marine Life Institute. The next thing she hears is a truck starting up and she remembers that Marlin and Nemo are on it. She calls out to Destiny and she and Bailey jump over the walls of the tank, landing in the ocean next to Dory. They all swim after the truck, using a group of otters to stop traffic. One of the otters carries Dory into the back of the truck and Hank puts her in the tank with Marlin and Nemo. Marlin calls out to Becky, who flies in with her bucket. Marlin and Nemo jump in but Becky flies off before Dory can join them. Becky dumps them into the ocean, right next to Destiny. She asks where Dory is and Marlin tells them she's still in the truck. Marlin calls to Becky and tells her to fly back to the truck and get Dory. Hank reaches into the tank for Dory, but she doesn't want him to leave her and she gets him to agree to join her in the ocean. Just then, a staffer slams the back door and drives the truck away. Destiny swims after them but can't keep up. Dory sees a vent in the roof and Hank grabs her and moves toward it. Hank and Dory squeeze through the vent, and Hank plasters himself across the windshield, forcing the driver to stop. When the driver walks out, Hank shuts the door and locks it, taking control of the truck. He drives off with Dory navigating. She sees a car pulling a boat and follows it. Dory sees a splat on the windshield, and sees that it came from a flock of seagulls heading left. She has Hank follow them and they drive up a hill. Dory sees the ocean at the bottom and she tells Hank to floor it. The truck falls off the edge of a cliff and tumbles toward the ocean, sending all the fish inside flying. Dory and Hank happily plunge into the ocean below. Back at the Great Barrier Reef, Dory is playing hide-and-seek with the students. Hank tells them that Mr. Ray is away on migration and until he gets back, Hank will be their substitute teacher. Bailey and Destiny tell the kids about echolocation. Dory tells her parents that she'll see them in a while but she wants to do something first. She swims off, with Marlin following after her, trying to keep himself hidden. She swims up to the edge of the drop-off, then calls out to Marlin, who sheepishly swims up to her. She tells him that she enjoys the view, and they both look out into the ocean. "Unforgettable," she says.
tt2199571
Action,Drama,Thriller
Jimmy Conlon (Liam Neeson) is lying on the ground with a gunshot wound in his stomach. We hear his voice saying that "your life doesn't flash before your eyes when you die, but rather all the regrets and mistakes you've made". In the distance, Jimmy's son Mike (Joel Kinnaman) is yelling and evading gunfire. 16 hours earlier. Jimmy is in a bar after drinking. He goes to the basement to find Danny Maguire (Boyd Holbrook), the son of Jimmy's former employer Shawn (Ed Harris), making a deal with a pair of dirty NYPD cops. After the policemen leave, Jimmy asks Danny for a loan of $800 since his heater is broken in his apartment. Danny will only give Jimmy the money if he goes to his home as Santa Claus since his last guy canceled. Jimmy reluctantly agrees. Meanwhile, Jimmy's estranged son, Mike, works at a gym where he mentors young boys without fathers. One of his closest students is a boy nicknamed Legs (Aubrey Joseph). Mike lives at home in a moderate-sized apartment with his wife Gabriela (Genesis Rodriguez) and their two little daughters Catelyn (Guilia Cicciari) and Lily (Carrington Meyer). The couple is also expecting their third child. Gabriela is making a collage for the baby to see what the family's life was before he is born. Mike notices Gabriela put a picture of him as a child with Jimmy. He doesn't want the picture there and obscures his father with a picture of his daughter. Danny meets his father with some Albanians to push a special brand of heroin. Shawn rejects them, to Danny's displeasure. The Albanians tells Danny they'll be at his place to collect the money they gave him as a fee to convince his dad to push their heroin. Shawn wants no part of his old lifestyle, which is something that Danny doesn't get. Shawn wonders at what point did his son go wrong. Jimmy does the Santa gig at Shawn's house, only he is drunk and making an ass of himself by hitting on one man's wife. He then burns his hand near the fireplace and swears in front of the kids. Shawn joins Jimmy upstairs as he cools off. They have been friends since youth, and Jimmy was once an enforcer for Shawn. The two share a cigarette. A little later, Jimmy is at a diner when he is met by Detective John Harding (Vincent D'Onofrio) and his partner Detective Torres (James Martinez). Harding knows of Jimmy's past and the fact that he's gotten off scot-free from killing for Shawn due to several cops being on Shawn's payroll. He tells Torres that Jimmy was known as "Jimmy The Gravedigger", a professional hit man for the local Irish Mafia in New York. Harding gives Jimmy his card in case he ever needs to call him, or specifically confess for his crimes. Mike, moonlighting as a limo driver, takes the two Albanians to Danny's home. As he waits outside, Mike sees Legs riding his bike alone. He tells him to go home or he'll tell his mother. He offers to give Legs a ride home. Meanwhile, inside the house, Danny gives the Albanians a bag of Monopoly money as a joke. The head Albanian threatens Danny, but he responds by shooting him dead and then shooting at his partner. The partner runs outside limping. Legs catches them on video as Danny shoots the man dead. Mike starts the car, but Danny breaks the window open and pulls him out. He forces Mike into his home, when Legs leaves the car. Danny hears the door close, distracting him long enough for Mike to strike Danny. He fights Danny and Danny's friend until he escapes, leaving his wallet behind. Mike runs home and calls Gabriela, who is at her brother Ricky's (Dan Domingues) house with the girls. He tells her to stay there until he calls her back. Mike then hears a pounding sound at the door. It's Jimmy, who got a call about an incident involving Mike. He hasn't been to Mike's home since his wife's funeral. Jimmy goes outside to have a smoke, just as Danny comes into the house. Mike notices him, and Danny approaches him with his gun aimed at Mike. A gunshot goes off, but it's from Jimmy after shooting Danny in the neck. Mike puts pressure on the wound, but Danny dies. Jimmy leaves, and Mike calls the cops, saying his father shot Danny in self-defense. Jimmy then calls Shawn and confesses to what he just had to do. Shawn goes to break the news to his wife, who slaps Shawn in response and then falls to pieces. The two dirty cops that met with Danny earlier go to Mike's house and arrest him when they identify Danny's body. Jimmy chases after them through the streets until he rams them hard enough to crash through a store. Jimmy breaks Mike out of the car, and Mike grabs one of the cops' guns. The surviving cop attempts to shoot the two. Mike aims the gun at the cop, but Jimmy stops him and shoots the cop dead himself. This is witnessed by several civilians, and the cops issue a manhunt for Mike and Jimmy. The two go through the subway to find more goons are on their tails. Jimmy fights one man in the bathroom while Mike evades them through the train. He gets Jimmy on with him just in time. Although Mike wants to go to his family, Jimmy tells him that Shawn will be coming after both of them and Mike's family, so he needs to get through the night with Jimmy to survive. Jimmy meets with Shawn to try and ask for forgiveness for what he did to Danny. Shawn instead vows to get to Mike and kill him in first before letting Jimmy die. Two of Shawn's goons hunt for Mike's family at Ricky's house, right after Mike showed up to warn Gabriela and the girls. They hide in the shower as Ricky stalls the goons. They leave the family alone after finding nothing. Shawn calls for a hit man named Price (Common) to go after the two. They go to Legs' apartment to ask for his help. Mike finds Legs' brothers there and tells him to get Legs to help him. A neighbor woman spots Mike and Jimmy, alerting her to call the police. The cops show up soon enough, forcing Mike and Jimmy to plan their escape. They cut the power to the building, just as Price shows up after killing a cop at the door. He gets through the dark stairways with a night-vision lens. He catches up to the two as they leave a fire going off in an apartment. Jimmy fights Price as the building starts to burn. Jimmy burns Price's face and gets him down on the ground, giving Mike an opportunity to shoot Price. However, Jimmy tells him not to pull the trigger. They run as the cops show up, and Price kills them. The apartment explodes as Mike and Jimmy get away. Jimmy brings Mike to his brother Eddie's (Nick Nolte) home. When Jimmy mentions he killed Shawn's son, Eddie freaks out and demands that he leaves. Eddie tells Mike that Jimmy killed their cousin because he was going to testify against Shawn, and Jimmy told Mike that someone else had done it. Mike returns to Ricky's home to get Gabriela and the girls. Lily sees Jimmy standing outside and asks her dad who he is. Mike says it's nobody. Jimmy decides to end this once and for all. He goes to the bar where Shawn operates his business, and Jimmy kills all the hit men in the bar. He and Shawn end up running out to a train yard where they start shooting at each other. Shawn starts to run, and Jimmy hesitates to shoot him, but, knowing that Shawn won't stop until he's gotten Mike, he pulls the trigger. Shawn gets hit in the side, and he attempts to keep running, but he falls. Jimmy goes over to Shawn and holds him as he dies. Legs goes to Harding at the police station with the recorded video of Danny killing the Albanian mobster outside his building. Legs also tells Harding who Mike is and why he wouldn't commit these crimes. Jimmy meets Mike with his family at a lake house in North Shore. He finally meets Gabriela and the girls, although Lily doesn't want to say hi to Jimmy. Mike goes outside with the family by the lake to feed ducks. Jimmy stays in the house and sees the collage Gabriela made. He then gets shot through the side by Price, standing in the distance. Mike hears the gunshots and tells Ricky to take the girls somewhere safe. Mike grabs his gun and exchanges fire with Price through the woods. Jimmy gets his rifle, but he is severely wounded and he falls to the ground, knowing he is going to die. With his last bit of strength, he puts one bullet in the rifle and raises it in time to shoot Price in the head before he can kill Mike. Mike rushes to his dad's side right before he dies. Harding and his partners show up. He tells Mike he knows he's innocent. He then looks in Jimmy's hand to see that he's holding a list of everybody he's ever killed. Later on, Mike is at the gym watching Legs fight another kid. Legs beats his opponent, making Mike proud. He returns home to find Gabriela and the girls making Christmas cookies. He goes into his room and puts on formal attire (presumably to Jimmy's funeral). Before he leaves, he takes one more look at the picture of him and Jimmy by the lake.
tt1485796
Biography,Drama,Musical
The film opens with Phineas Taylor "P.T." Barnum (Hugh Jackman) joining his circus troupe in a song ("The Greatest Show"), playing to an enthusiastic crowd as he and his performers put on a dazzling show. We cut to Barnum as a young boy (Ellis Rubin) in the 1800's, working with his tailor father Philo (Will Swenson). They arrive at the home of Mr. Hallett (Fred Lehne) and his daughter Charity (Skylar Dunn). P.T. makes Charity laugh and spit out her tea, prompting her father to smack him across the face and forbid him from going near her. Regardless, P.T. and Charity spend time together and develop a close friendship in song ("A Million Dreams"), even as Charity is forced to go to a finishing school. They write letters to each other and eventually reunite as adults, where Barnum proposes to Charity (now played by Michelle Williams). Barnum works for a trading company until his boss tells everyone that they are shutting the company down due to bankruptcy after their trading vessels have sunk to the bottom of the ocean. Barnum goes home to Charity and their daughters Caroline (Austyn Johnson) and Helen (Cameron Seely). He brings home a spinning lamp, or "wishing machine", for Caroline's birthday. Charity and the girls all make wishes, and Barnum hatches an idea. Barnum goes to the bank for a $10,000 loan and uses the deed to the (sunken) trading vessels as collateral. With the money, he opens up a museum devoted to oddities, because he thinks people are fascinated with things like that. The museum fails to attract business, and most people reject the idea. Barnum then goes around town searching for unique individuals. Among them are a dwarf named Charles Stratton (Sam Humphrey), a bearded woman named Lettie Lutz (Keala Settle), an obese man called Lord of Leeds (Daniel Everidge), a hair-covered man referred to as Dog Boy (Luciano Acuna, Jr.), and an 8-foot tall man. Although initially viewed as freaks, Barnum manages to get them all to put on a musical number of shows that win over crowds every night ("Come Alive"). One who remains unimpressed is critic James Gordon Bennett (Paul Sparks). Despite his lack of interest in Barnum's show, Bennett inspires him to rename his show as "P.T. Barnum's Circus". The circus starts to bring in healthy profits, leading Barnum to move his family into a luxurious mansion, as well as being able to put Caroline in a ballet school. However, she becomes discouraged when the other girls mock her for being part of a circus family. Barnum later meets a playwright named Phillip Carlyle (Zac Efron). He approaches Philip with the opportunity to join his circus ("The Other Side"), and Phillip agrees on the condition that he get 10% of the profits. The troupe is invited to England to meet Queen Victoria (Gayle Rankin). She notes that Charles (now going as General Tom Thumb) is exceptionally short, and he makes a crack that she's not so tall either. After an awkward silence, Victoria lets out a hearty laugh. Later, Barnum and Phillip meet noted opera singer Jenny Lind (Rebecca Ferguson), and they invite her to perform for the show so that she may become known worldwide. Jenny joins the show back in the States. She performs before a large crowd ("Never Enough") that includes Phillip's parents, as well as Charity's. The crowd loves her, and Barnum even spots Bennett in the audience appearing to enjoy her. He finds himself falling for the show's trapeze artist Anne Wheeler (Zendaya). After Jenny's performance, Barnum and the others gather with a party, but when the rest of the troupe wants to join the party, Barnum turns them away. Although sad at first, the troupe decides not to let this get them down, as they decide to embrace who they are, regardless of how they are viewed ("This is Me"). Phillip tries to introduce Anne to his parents, but they disapprove of her because of her race. She leaves upset, and Phillip tells his parents off for how they spoke to Anne. He goes to find her, and they express their mutual feelings for one another ("Rewrite The Stars"). Barnum goes on tour with Jenny, leaving Phillip as the ringmaster with the show. Protesters continuously gather outside to harass the troupe for their physical differences. The distance proves to be hard for Charity and the girls ("Tightrope"). While celebrating their success so far, Jenny appears to develop an attraction to Barnum, but he remains faithful to Charity. Jenny gets upset and threatens to quit, but Barnum has her finish the tour. After one performance, the press snaps a photo of Jenny kissing Barnum before she ultimately quits. Phillip confronts the protesters, but they refuse to leave. When they threaten him and the others, Anne's brother W.D. (Yahya Abdul-Mateen III) throws the first punch, leading to an all-out brawl between the troupe and the protesters. One of the protesters grabs a lantern and throws it at a wall, setting the theater ablaze. Barnum returns home from his tour and greets his family when he overhears about the fire. He runs toward it just as the flames consume the whole building. Phillip runs inside to find Anne, but she is already coming out with W.D. Barnum runs in for Phillip, just as the building collapses. His daughters cry, thinking him dead, until he emerges with an unconscious Phillip. He is taken to the hospital. Barnum just sits outside the remains of the theater. Bennett goes to join him, saying that the police arrested the thugs that started the fire, and while Bennett didn't enjoy Barnum's show, he feels that another critic may have called it a "celebration of humanity". He then shows Barnum the newspaper, which shows Jenny kissing him and her announcement of quitting. Barnum rushes home to Charity, only to find that she's packed her bags because the bank is evicting them, but she is also unhappy over seeing the paper, despite Barnum trying to explain himself. Barnum goes to drink at a bar. The entire troupe finds him and confronts him. Lettie tells Barnum that while he may not have always done the right thing, he saw them all as more than freaks and gave them a real family and home. Barnum is encouraged to pick himself up and help get the troupe back to performing ("From Now On"). He then runs to Charity's childhood home where the girls tell him that she's at the beach. Barnum goes to apologize to her for being obsessed with chasing fame, and she says all she wanted was the man she fell in love with. Phillip, who has recovered, offers to provide his shares from profits to restart the circus. Although Barnum hesitates, Phillip is adamant in being his partner with 50% of shares. Barnum restarts the show in a tent with circus animals and the rest of the troupe. Audiences turn out in droves. Barnum then decides to hand over the job of ringmaster to Phillip so that he can go and watch his girls grow up. Phillip finishes the show and kisses Anne, while Barnum rides an elephant to meet Charity and the girls. The film ends with Barnum and Charity watching Caroline perform in the ballet (with Helen playing a tree), and Barnum acknowledging that everything he ever wanted and needed is right in front of him.
tt2649554
Drama,Mystery,Sci-Fi
The glow of a television set illuminates an otherwise dark motel room. On the news, the story of a missing boy named Alton Meyer (Jaeden Lieberher) last seen with a man named Roy, traveling in a primer grey Chevelle. Roy (Michael Shannon) pulls back duct tape covering the peephole in the door and sees that its night. He tells Lucas (Joel Edgerton) that its time to go. They gather Alton, whos reading a comic book underneath a bed sheet. Hes wearing headphones and darkened swim goggles. They exit the room. The front desk clerk of the motel watches as the peculiar threesome get into a Chevelle. The news is on in the motel office too. She picks up the phone as the Chevelle drives away. Elsewhere, Calvin Meyer (Sam Shepard) tells Doak (Bill Camp) that he must get the boy back no matter what. They exit the room and we see theyre on the altar of a large congregation of religious followers. He starts reading scripture which sounds more like a series of dates and numbers. The FBI raids the church and we see that were in the compound of a Waco-like cult. They gather up the members of the congregation into school buses and take them away. Through their police scanner, Roy and Lucas discover the authorities have a description of their vehicle. Lucas puts on night vision goggles, turns off the headlines and speeds through the darkness. After driving through three counties, Roy tells him to turn the lights back on and slow down. As Lucas does, their car narrowly misses a stalled car in the middle of the road. However a vehicle heading in the opposite direction isnt as lucky and crashes into the stalled car. Lucas stops, gets out and checks on the driver. As he does, a State Trooper pulls up. The trooper is about to assist, when he gets a message on his radio about the Chevelle. Lucas pulls his own gun and tells the trooper not to do it. The trooper pulls his weapon anyway, so Lucas shoots him, gets back in the Chevelle and off they go. Roy assures Lucas that the trooper was wearing a vest. The FBI questions the members of the congregation about the large collection of weapons theyve started to amass. Calvin says its still currently legal to own guns in this country. We also find out that Calvin Meyer is Altons adopted father. Roy is his biological father. NSA agent Paul Sevier (Adam Driver) arrives and questions the congregation too. He asks about Altons powers. Calvin tells him that he speaks in tongues and has given the church a series of numbers. It turns out those numbers are classified government information. They also talk about the light Alton has in his eyes. Sevier lets everyone return to their church. Doak and Levi (Scott Haze) gather a secret stash of weapons and head out after Alton. Roy, Lucas and Alton get to the home of a former congregation member named Elden (David Jensen). He hides them and already has a darkened room for Alton to sleep. In the morning, the entire house is rumbling like theres an earthquake. Roy runs into Altons room and sees Elden staring in the bright lights shooting out of Altons eyes. They pull Elden away and get the goggles back on Alton. Elden explains that he just had to see it one more time. Lucas takes the man's car and gathers Alton. Roy pulls his gun on Elden and tells him that he has to do this because the man knows too much. He begs Roy to spare him. Alton reads comic books in the back of Eldens stolen utility van and asks questions about Superman and Kryptonite. Roy admonishes Lucas for letting him read that. Lucas defends his decision by saying that its good to read. Roy doesnt want Alton reading stuff that isnt real. We get the sense that, before all this, Lucas wasnt a member of the Meyer family like Roy was. Alton starts speaking in Spanish. Lucas is surprised he can do that. Roy says he cant and turns on the radio. It turns out that Alton is reciting what a DJ is saying on a Spanish speaking radio station even though the radio wasnt even turned on. Roy was able to determine that the numbers Alton was saying to the church were coordinates with a corresponding date. He needs to get him to those coordinates by that day a few days from now. They end up at a gas station. Lucas goes inside to get supplies. Roy makes a phone call and tells Alton to stay in the van. Roy tells the person on the phone that he misses them and will see them in a few hours. Something above catches Altons attention and he gets out and wanders away to the edge of the parking lot. Roy runs over and Alton apologizes and points to the sky. Fiery debris rains from the sky onto the gas station. Lucas and Roy take Alton, get in the van and drive away as the gas station explodes behind them. They go to the home of Sarah (Kirsten Dunst). Shes Altons mom and concerned that hes not looking too well. She puts him to sleep. Re-joining Sevier and Agent Miller (Paul Sparks) from the FBI at the aftermath of the gas station, we find out that a defence satellite in charge of stopping nuclear weapons exploded and crashed at the gas station. Theres a heat reading comparable to a nuclear bomb where Alton was standing when the satellite exploded, but there isnt any radiation present at the site. They determine they can program a drone to track that exact same reading, so next time Altons super powers flare, they can figure out where he is. Doak and Levi, armed with duct tape and guns, pay a visit to Sarahs mom. On the radio, the official report is that a weather satellite crashed. Lucas works on rigging up Sarahs car with some equipment while she makes small talk. We find out that Lucas was a childhood friend of Roys before he left to join Calvins cult. His job before all of this, he was also a State Trooper. Sarah couldnt handle seeing Calvin raise her child, so she left the cult. Roy bravely stayed behind to keep an eye on Alton. Doak and Levi go to Sarahs house and find Eldens van. Then they go to Eldens house and find him alive. Roy couldnt kill him after all. They ask where the heroes are headed. Our heroes drive and suddenly Alton has difficulty breathing. They pull over and try to help him. Lucas insists they should go to the hospital, but Roy says they cant. If they do, they wont be able to get to the coordinates. Light shoots out of Altons eyes and he cant control it. They take him out of the car. The grass around him starts to die. He recovers and tells Sarah and Lucas to go. He points to a distant light in the sky the government knows where they are. Roy and Alton flee into the woods and find a cave. Alton tells Roy that he needs to be outside in the day time. Roy says that could harm him. Alton says that Roy needs to trust him. In the morning, Alton and Roy watch the sunrise. Alton recovers completely and his hand illuminates with light. Sevier decodes the numbers from Calvins sermons. Theyre a series of coordinates with corresponding dates. Some line up to stuff like where the State Trooper was shot and where the gas station explosion happened. Others are just government secrets. Putting the government numbers aside, Sevier is able to find out where our heroes are headed next! Lucas and Sarah are holed up in a hotel room. Sarah reassures Lucas that Roy wont stop at anything to get Alton where they need to be. Theres a knock. It cant be Roy and Alton because its daytime. Wrong! Its them. Roy says that Alton was able to show him a glimpse of where he needs to be. Alton explains that he belongs with people who live on a plane of existence thats parallel to ours, but different from ours. He shows Lucas that place through the lights in his eyes. Lucas now believes. Lucas puts on his Kevlar vest and goes out to get their car. As soon as he opens the door, hes shot by Doak and Levi. Ray grabs his gun and exits the room too, but hes shot in the neck. Doak and Levi break in the room and take Alton. They zip tie Lucas, Ray and Sarah and drive away. Sarah breaks free and rescues the other two. They head off after the kidnappers, but the trip is short. Theyre stuck in the traffic of a military roadblock. Ray goes off road to get to the front and there they see a military helicopter flying away from Doak pick up. Inside the open truck, the blanket that Doak used to cover Altons head. It's over. At a military compound a group of military leaders and scientists try to talk to Alton. He could be a valuable asset. He says that hell talk to Sevier and only to Sevier, so everyone else leaves. Using telekinetic powers, Alton is able to make it so the security cameras arent recording the actual present events. He telekinetically opens the door which imprisons him. Sevier sheepishly goes inside to talk to Alton. Alton shows him his light. In the middle of nowhere, Roy is devastated that he failed. Then all of the nearby payphones start ringing at once. He picks up. On the other end, Sevier tells him that he has Alton and tells Roy where they can meet. Alton magically helps Sevier steal a car. In the morning, Sevier turns over Alton to Roy and Sarah. He handcuffs himself with Lucas cuffs and asks if Lucas would be willing to punch him which Lucas has no interest in doing. Alton tells Roy that theres one route they can go to get through the government roadblocks keeping them from their final destination. Roy and Sarah also come to terms with the fact that Alton might not belong with them after all and that once they get there, its goodbye. They drive through a small military blockade on a country road. Alton and Sarah get out of the car and run through swamp land. Roy and Lucas keep the military occupied while driving in Sarahs, now badly damaged, car. As if by magic, a dome appears around Alton that takes up a good third of the United States. Everywhere, everyone sees this magical world where Alton belongs. All of the beings that inhabit that world are made of light that comes from their hands and eyes, kind of like an evolved version of Alton. Lucas and Roys car crashes. Alton and Sarah share a goodbye glance and then as suddenly as everything appeared, it, along with Alton disappears. AFTERMATH Lucas is being questioned by the government. His incredible story is the only story he has to tell. Sarah cuts her hair in a scummy bathroom clearly on the run. Roy is in a prison. He has electrodes on his head and stares into the sun. His eyes magically illuminate like a lesser version of Altons.
tt2637276
Comedy
The opening scene shows Ted (voice of Seth MacFarlane) and Tami-Lynn (Jessica Barth) are getting married. Sam Jones (himself) is presiding over the nuptials. At the reception we find out that John (Marky Mark) is depressed because he got divorced from Lori six months ago. We also find out that Guy (Patrick Warburton) is dating Rick (Michael Dorn). Ted does a dance sequence on a giant wedding cake over the opening credits. One year later, the honeymoon is over for Ted and Tami-Lynn. Their bills are piling up and neither are making enough money as cashiers at the local grocery store to make ends meet. Teds mad that she spends so much money on clothes and Tami-Lynn is mad that Ted wastes so much money on weed. Ted meets John at McFeltys Pub to complain. The bartender flirts with John, but hes just not interested. John goes into the bathroom and Ted tries to con a free drink out of her by promising not to tell anyone that Jay Leno hangs out there looking for gay bathroom sex. Just then, John rushes out of the bathroom followed by an apologizing Jay Leno. Back at the grocery store, Liam Neeson (himself) stops in and asks if he can buy Trix cereal because the commercials have led him to believe theyre just for kids. Ted assures him its fine. Liam buys the cereal and leaves. A coworker named Joy suggests that Ted and Tami-Lynn have a kid to save their marriage because "having a baby makes white niggers" happy-pointing to a white family in the store. So, Ted proposes that to Tami-Lynn and they both agree that shed make a great mom. John and Ted get stoned and watch Law & Order. Ted tells John his plan to have a kid. They decide that Sam Jones would be a great sperm donor because hes Flash Gordonalso, Ted is a teddy bear and doesnt have a dick, so he cant get Tami-Lynn pregnant himself. Sam Jones cant be a donor because his sperm count is 1 on account of all the drugs he did in the 80s (up until earlier today, Id assume). On the way out, they accidentally break Sam Jones car window and bolt. They decide to get the next best thing to a super hero and devise a plan to steal Tom Bradys (himself) sperm. John poses as an A/C repair man and cuts Bradys A/C. That night, Brady opens his bedroom door leading to his balcony to cool off. Ted and John break in to jerk off Tom Brady in his sleep and steal his sperm. Brady wakes up and throws them both out. While hiding, John tells Ted that hes hurt that Ted never asked him to be a donor. They go to a fertility clinic so that John can donate. One of the doctors recognizes Ted from the news and shows him a room where sperm is stored for medical studies. John comes in and they start horsing around. Before you know it, John is on the ground coated in sperm samples. The doctor comes back and tells John that hes covered in rejected Sickle Cell samples. Ted says that he's covered in "more black guy jizz than a Kardashian." Donny (Giovanni Ribisi) is now a janitor at Hasbro. He kisses up to an exec (John Carroll Lynch) by telling him that he changes the urinal cakes in his favorite urinal every day because a man that important shouldnt have to smell pee. Tami-Lynn is barren because of all her drug use so the artificial insemination wont work. So she and Ted go to an adoption agency. Again, because of her drug use, they cant adopt. Also, more importantly, Ted is not legally recognized as a human. Hes an object, and the adoption process has raised some red flags. Ted gets fired from his job because he's not a person. He also loses all of his credit cards and bank accounts. His and Tami-Lynn's marriage is annulled as well. John says that they should get a lawyer to prove in court that Ted is a person. The lawyer wont rep them for free, but offers the service of his niece who just passed the bar exam and will take the case pro bono. The niece Samantha Louise Jackson (Amanda Seyfried) takes the case. She's a 26 year old pot-head, but also a super smart lawyer. We go through a lawyering montage where the three of them go through law book and start forming a friendship. Her strain of weed is called Get Me Home and it freaks out Johnny big time. After the montage, they watch Roots. During the Kunte Kinte/Tobe scene, Ted realizes that Kunta is just like him. Sam points out that if theyre able to get Ted legally recognized as a person, hell need a last name. He picks Clubber Lang. Sam has never seen Rocky. It becomes a running joke that shes completely unaware of all pop culture. Back at Hasbro, Donny shows the Exec a newspaper article about Ted trying to become real. He says if they lose the case then Ted will just be property which they can steal, cut open and find out what makes him alive. Then Hasbro can mass produce Teds. The exec asks how much money Donny wants in return. Donny doesnt want money. He just wants his own Ted. So the exec says that theyll hire the best lawyer around Shep Wild (John Slattery) to fight Sam in court. During the court case, both sides argue very well. Theres tons of TV coverage from Fox News to an SNL skit to jokes in Jimmy Kimmels monologue. Ultimately though, the jury finds Ted to not be legally a person. Sam says that its not over. She contacts Patrick Meighan (later to be revealed as Morgan Freeman) the best Civil Rights Attorney. He agrees to meet with the bunch in New York. Theyre banking on him being able to overturn the verdict. To blow off steam, Sam, Ted and John go to an improve club and yell out sad suggestions to the performers like 9/11, Robin Williams, and Charlie Hebdo offices. On the way to New York, the three stop at a diner. The waitress gives John fuck me eyes. Sam asks if she has "fuck me eyes". Ted says she has give us the ring, my precious eyes. Ted drives the next leg of the trip and crashes the car into the roof of a barn. They decide to stay there over night. They find that they're at a giant weed farm. Sam has a giant dick bong and neither Ted nor Johnny wants to hit it. She sings a song and plays a guitar they find. She and Johnny kiss. The next morning they get the car down and head to New York. They find out that New York Comicon is going on at the same time when they almost hit Darth Vader, a Stormtrooper and a Jedi in the crosswalk. Patrick Meighan meets with them and has ultimately decided not to take the case. He says that being a person also means being an inspiration, but Ted has done nothing inspiring. He could have too. He could have been an inspiration to the world, but instead hes a Justin Beiber. They leave. Ted gets mad that nothing is working out for him and that Sam fucked up the case and Johnny doesnt care anymore because he's "porking Gollum". Sam doesn't know who Gollum is, so as Ted storms off, Johnny says that Gollum is a model. Ted goes into Comicon and Donny follows. He runs into Guy and Rick, dressed like the Tick and Worf. They're there to fuck with nerds. Someone dressed as Raphael from the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles asks Ted for a picture. They go into a back stairwell and it turns out that the Turtle is Donny! They chase each other around for a bit. Ted steals a phone and calls Johnny to tell him whats happening. Donny chases him some more. Ted hides in a display of other Teds. Donny sings Sweet Caroline and Ted cant resist doing the bum bum bum part. Donny catches him and knocks him out. As hes carrying him away, he bumps into Guy and Rick who are still harassing nerds. Johnny shows up and Guy tells him that Ted is with Donny. Before Johnny and Sam can rescue him, Sam Jones sees him and is pissed about his car window. A HUGE rumble of costumed characters breaks out. Ted is duct taped to a table. Donny and the exec are ready to cut him open. Ted offers Donny a hand job while he eats ice cream which Donny considers. Eventually Johnny busts in and saves the day. The Exec takes off. When Sam asks who he is, he says he works for Mattel. Johnny punches Donny, knocking off his toupee. Everyone is leaving, but Donny decides that if he cant have Ted, no one can. So he cuts the rope holding up a giant Starship Enterprise to kill Ted. Johnny sees it and jumps in to save his little Thunder Buddy. The Enterprise hits Johnny, throwing him across the room into a display case. Donny flees, but Teds able to find him hiding with a bunch of other Turtles by playing Tiffany on his phone. Donny cant help but to dance to it. Hes taken away. Johnny is in the hospital in a coma. He starts to flatline and the doctors and nurses make Ted, Tami-Lynn and Sam leave while they work on him. In the morning, the doctor goes into the waiting room to tell them that Johnny didn't make it. They go in to pay their last respects. Sam cries. Ted cries and says that he doesnt how his life works without Johnny. Then.PSYCH! Johnny is alive and faking it. Sam is mad, but caves in quickly because thats what people do at the end of romantic comedies. Patrick Meighan saw the footage of Johnny getting hit at Comicon to save Ted and decides to take the case since Ted inspired heroism in Johnny. He wins the case of course and all of Boston celebrates. Ted proposes to Tami-Lynn again and they adopt a kid who they name Apollo Creed Clubberlang. They get him a toy which looks like a tiny Ted. The End In a post-credits scene, a battered Liam Neeson returns the Trix cereal to the store.
tt2381991
Action,Adventure,Drama
Narrator asks "What does the Mirror show you", we are then shown snippets of the first film with a basic recap of Ravenna's defeat. This film is a prequel and also a sequel... Now we see Ravenna (Charlize Theron) with her new husband the king on their wedding night and they are playing chess, she kills him and then goes to the Mirror. Then we are at the Funeral where we see Ravenna and her sister Freya (Emily Blunt), she is making eyes with the Duke of Blackwood (Colin Morgan); of course Ravenna sees this. The sisters are playing chess and discussing this romance, the Duke is promised to another and Freya says he does not love her, only Freya. Ravenna then mentions that all of the women of their line are gifted and Freya has not found hers yet and also tells Freya that she is with child; Freya is surprised but happy and finds out she will have a daughter. Months later Freya has her daughter, she is a few weeks old now, she receives a letter from the Duke; he wants to elope and run away with her and their child. As she goes to meet him, she notices in her room that flames are everywhere -- she runs to her child. It is too late, the room is charred and it seems that her lover the Duke has killed their daughter and he said he had no choice. Freya destroyed by the loss freezes him and he shatters, she's found her gift. She now leaves and strikes out on her own to the North. Freya becomes the most feared Queen of the North which is now a frozen land, she conquers many surrounding lands with her Huntsmen. We see how the Huntsmen kill all of the adults and take only the children, who are now to be trained to be Huntsmen. Since she cannot raise her own child she raises armies. We see a new batch of children and she tells them "How lucky they are to know no suffering again"; she sees a young boy crying and she tells him "Love is a lie" and emphatically tells all of the children "DO NOT LOVE". It is the law and she demands LOYALTY. We then see the children are being rigorously trained with blade and arrow, Freya watches the training by using a frozen owl as her spy. The two best are Eric and Sara, she says that she never misses with her arrow, confidently. Now they are older Eric (now Chris Hemsworth) and Sara (Jessica Chastain) ;a new batch of children are being brought in and Tull (Sope Dirisu, the young boy the Queen talked to) is being rude to them. Eric sees a young girl hiding in the wagon and asks her what's wrong, she reveals she's terrified of the Queen, he asks her to make a mean face and she does; he then reveals to keep making her "war face" and then the Queen will never know what you are thinking. Later we see Eric is in the castle and Sara grabs him as they are in love, later they are in the hot springs. Sara then takes off her necklace and places it on Eric, as it is her most prized treasure from her mother; now they are married. They then make plans to run away and agree to meet in the courtyard. When they arrive, all of the Huntsmen are there and the Queen as well, she used her owl to spy, of course. Freya is disgusted at their betrayal and tells them to go to each other IF they can, each must fight off many other of the Huntsmen. It appears they are about to win and go to each other, then Freya puts up an Ice Wall between them. Then we see Tull kill Sara and Eric tries desperately to punch the wall and get to her busting up his hands, then he gets knocked out, the Queen says to get rid of him and Tull throws him into the River... Narrator tells us that Freya's Empire grew while Ravenna's fell, it is now seven years later. We see Eric is putting wild flowers at a memorial for Sara. William (Sam Claflin) shows up telling Eric that the Queen, Snow White is going insane from the Mirror as it was whispering to her. They sent the Mirror to the Sanctuary, they must get it to the Sanctuary since the Mirror is still powerful, Eric grabs his Ax and throws it at the frozen owl was watching them and destroys it, but Freya knows... Eric then tells William to make haste and get the Mirror to safety. We see that Freya is in her Throne room and many frozen figures are there, she then makes plans to get the Mirror. Now Eric is tracking the party taking the Mirror and finds all of the Snow Whites soldiers are dead and seemingly killed each other, but one has a arrow made out of gold and diamonds. Now Eric has two dwarfs with him Nion (Nick Frost) and Gryff (Rob Brydon) and advises them they need to get off the road. Now they are in a Tavern and Eric is trying to find out information about the soldiers, meanwhile Nion hits on a Bar Wench and is not successful. Eric asks why the dwarfs do not date female dwarfs, they both say that the females are ugly and Eric wonders where the baby dwarfs come from, the "boys" say only if they got drunk. Some men approach Eric and Nion makes big talk of Eric as "The" Huntsman, these men reveal themselves as Huntsmen as well. So, of course a fight ensues, as the fight is now outside it looks like Eric is about to lose. Then an arrow shoots through the hand of the Huntsman about to kill him, the hooded figure fights off all of the Huntsmen and it is revealed to be Sara. Eric is shocked to see her and she slugs him, she has the two dwarfs and Eric tied up. It turns out that Eric saw a false image by the Queen and Sara saw Eric turn tail and run and not even fight for her. Sara was put in the dungeon for seven years, she is bitter, of course, and it looks like she is gonna kill him. Eric then says if he is going to die by her hand but gets to see her face then he is happy, she then kicks him in the groin. The four now continue on the quest, and they are then captured by two female dwarfs in a net trap. The first female is called Mrs. Bromwyn (Sheridan Smith) and the second one Doreena (Alexandra Roach) who is a little dim but sweet. Mrs. Bromwyn seems to be sweet on Eric, but really wants to kill Nion and Gryff, Eric gives the Arrow made of gold and diamonds to her and she relents, since Eric says he is fond of the 'boys'. She then tells everyone that the arrow comes from the Goblins, who are master thieves and very greedy and that is where they are headed to next. The 'girls' of course want all of the loot that they can carry as payment, no problem for the others. When they get to the Goblins territory, they can see that the Mirror has already made them kill each other as well and they can tell that their blood is made of tar. They find the Mirror and Eric tells the dwarfs to cover it up and not look into it, then a Goblin comes after them, the two Huntsmen fight and kill him. Sara softens somewhat when she sees that Eric still has the necklace, he informs her that he has never taken it off. As they go to leave a horde of Goblins attack them, Eric tells Sara to go as he'll fight them off. He cuts a rope bridge that crosses some caustic water and fights on, Sara decides to shoot them with a flaming arrow since their blood is made of tar, they all explode. Somehow, Eric has made it across the water, perhaps the explosion propelled him over. Eric asks if Sara was crying, he smirks. The six of them decide to wait until morning to go to the Sanctuary. At night Sara and Eric are talking, she tells him she's done unforgivable things, he says they all have and they embrace and make love. In the morning an ill wind seems to be coming and the Mirror is slightly uncovered and whispers to Eric, he pulls his blade as Sara has awoken, he ask her "Have you been true?". Frost suddenly appears everywhere and the Queen and her Hunstmen arrive, it is revealed that Sara has been working for Freya all along. Doreen and Nion make a stand and tell Freya she cannot have the Mirror and she freezes them, then her men take the Mirror and the two frozen dwarfs. Freya then orders Sara to kill Eric and she then takes her arrow and shoots him. As the Queen makes her exit, Gryff and Mrs. Bromwyn go to Eric as he obviously is dead... Then he bolts upright and says how much that hurt, he realizes that Sara shot him in the pendant of the necklace and he knows, she never misses. Freya asks the Mirror who is the fairest, then suddenly Ravenna morphs out of it, who is not dead, nor alive. She then informs Freya that her army will help her retake Snow's kingdom in the South as Freya owes her anyway. Eric sends the two dwarfs in and they are caught, however they handle the one guard easily. Eric scales the mountain and slides down the roofs nearly falling to his death, however, his ax saves him. He then tells himself this was a stupid plan. He is intent on killing Freya, who is now telling her "children" about the dangerous mission on taking on Snow White. Her heart is not in as she tells them of this plan, she has doubts about Ravenna. Now Eric takes his shot, all of the sudden Ravenna appears and catches it then tells Eric how much she's missed him. Freya cannot believe that she has been betrayed by love again, she stammers in how to punish them, Ravenna makes her save face by putting them to death. The other Huntsmen call Eric and Sara traitors, Eric tells them that Freya is the one by taking them all from their families. Tull seems swayed by Eric, as they are about to be killed; Eric tells Sara "Stand or fall together". They both grasp each others hand, then Tull who is to execute them frees them instead. As Ravenna is about kill them all, Freya protects her children by putting up an Ice wall once again. Freya wants to know how she owes her sister, Ravenna then reveals she made the Duke kill their daughter. We then see that Mirror revealed to Ravenna that Freya's daughter will be far more beautiful than her... Freya then tells her that she loved her daughter so much they then fight, Freya is wounded. Ravenna then attacks the Huntsmen, Freya goes to embrace her sister then tries to freeze her, Ravenna then wounds her sister again. Ravenna tries to kill Eric and Freya (who is mortally wounded) then touches the ground to freeze the wall where the Mirror is, Eric then sees his chance to strike it with his Ax and Ravenna then crumbles to the ground. As Eric and Sara embrace Freya says "How lucky you are" and dies. Many of the people who were frozen are released and everyone is joyous. The Narrator then tells us "Even after buried under snow and ice, Love survives." The End. .
tt2554274
Drama,Fantasy,Horror
Set in Cumbria, England, in a crumbling mansion in a largely rural and mountainous region of northern England in the early 20th century, young author Edith Cushing (Mia Wasikowska) falls in love and marries Sir Thomas Sharpe (Tom Hiddleston) but then discovers that her charming new husband is not who he appears to be. His home harbors ghostly, mysterious entities and secrets, which he and his sister, Lady Lucille Sharpe (Jessica Chastain), fiercely try to hide. At the start of the film (in the year 1887) a young Edith Cushing, the daughter of self-made industrialist, Carter Cushing (Jim Beaver), is introduced. Edith's mother died of black cholera when she was a young girl and Edith has a terrifying encounter with her mother's restless spirit. Wrapping her dark, decaying fingers around young Edith's shoulder as the girl shudders in her bed trying to will away her terror, the ghost whispers a warning: "Beware of Crimson Peak." 14 years later in 1901, when Edith is a young woman living in Buffalo, New York she aspires to write about the ghosts she sees and encounters, though it is implied that her mother's is the clearest and most intimate encounter she has ever had. Instead, she is pressured into writing about romance as it is expected of her gender. Edith writes the story and it fails, though it passes the eye of a visiting aristocrat seeking funding for an invention of his own from Edith's father. The aristocrat is Sir Thomas Sharpe of Allerdale Hall, which is located atop a mine for red clay ultisol that is used in brick-making and rendering for iron ore. Being wary of aristocracy, the New York gentleman, Carter, turns away the Cumbria-born Sharpe with extreme distaste. Thomas turns his attentions to Edith and gains her affection by crediting her as a gifted writer and story-teller who doesn't merely write 'ghost stories', but rather writes stories that happen to have ghosts. Charmed by this notion, Edith begins a romance with Sir Thomas that is watched closely by her childhood friend, Dr. Alan McMichael (Charlie Hunnam). Mysteriously, Cushing is brutally killed in the mens room, his skull crushed in by a shadowy figure. In the wake of his untimely death, Edith seeks solace in her romance with Sir Thomas who gently and tenderly seduces her into leaving New York for his own home in England to escape the ghosts of her past. Remembering the horror of being visited by her mother, Edith immediately agrees and sets sail for England. McMichael is wary of this arrangement and makes his own way to England later. Once at Allerdale Hall, a brilliantly clad but dilapidated mansion teetering on the red mire beneath it and crumbling under the snow and rain above, is revealed to be the Sharpe family home. Its unofficial name is Crimson Peak due to the red clay beneath it, though this is not mentioned to Edith at first, so the warning is not heeded. There, Lady Lucille Sharpe, Thomas' older sister who has already seemed cold and distant towards Edith despite her charming brother's demeanor and her apparent warmth for her brother, becomes even more cruel and controlling of Edith even denying her a copy of the keys to the rooms of the house itself. Edith is once again visited by the spirit of her mother who again wraps her fingers around Edith's shoulder and offers the same warning: "Beware of Crimson Peak." Edith becomes inconsolable after visits by other ghosts begin to terrify her, but Lucille firmly insists that she stays. As Edith's inquiries about the house's and the family's histories begin to become more vocal, ghosts begin to appear all the more, beckoning her to the mines below. Edith explores the mansion and pieces clues together, discovering that Thomas previously married three wealthy women. Despite a warning from her husband, who is awaiting the fortune of the late Carter Cushing, who is revealed to have been killed by Lucille, Edith ventures into the attic where the two siblings were holed up by their abusive mother and to the rendering vats below in the mines where she uncovers the decaying corpse of Sir Thomas's last victim. One of the ghosts lures Edith to a linen closet where she discovers wax cylinders on which one of Thomas' previous wives recorded a message telling that the Sharpes are poisoning her for her inheritance. Thomas and Lucille have been using the inheritance of brides whose families lost their patriarch to fund Thomas's inventive efforts. It is revealed that the siblings conspired both to murder the holder of the fortune if necessary and then the woman herself. It is also revealed that Thomas has an incestuous relationship with his sister who seduced him at a young age and that Lucille also conspired to free them and 'never be apart' by killing their own mother who had discovered the siblings' sexual relationship. Left with the house to tend to, the two clung to their cursed surroundings and began the plots of marriage and slaying out of necessity. Sir Thomas has truly fallen in love with Edith, however, and cannot this time bring himself to do the deed. Insane with jealousy and greed, Lucille loses her calm demeanor and becomes a feral killer. McMichael arrives to take Edith back to New York only to be stabbed and wounded terribly by a knife-wielding Lucille. Realizing that his wife is in mortal danger, Thomas helps Edith escape the house and is killed by Lucille in the process, dying the better man he had always wished to be. Edith becomes enraged that the man she loved was so corrupted by Lucille and herself strikes back with an equally large butcher knife. The two women battle one another intensely with Lucille doing considerable bloody damage, but ultimately being slain by Edith herself. Leaving the corpse of Lucille, Edith returns to the house and rescues McMichael. The two escape to a nearby city while the film reveals the images of the Sharpe siblings' ghosts now residing in the home. Lucille has become a ghost and continues to play the piano and seems to have her eyes filled with hate while the once charming Sir Thomas is steeped in sorrow and shame for all eternity. The final shot implies that Edith has now written a best-selling book about her experiences which is appropriately titled 'Crimson Peak'.
tt1243974
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Brian Gilcrest (Bradley Cooper) discusses longing and looking up to the future as a boy. We see him in military uniform, but he then mentions that the billionaires took over in 2008 after the last financial crisis in the USA, and so he left the military and took a job as a contractor, working for a billionaire, Carson Welch (Bill Murray). He had seriously messed up in Kabul, but he now gets to go back to Hawaii, which he sees as a second chance. As he flies over there, his pilot is John 'Woody' Woodside (John Krasinski). We are also introduced to Colonel 'Fingers' Lacy (Danny McBride), and Captain Allison Ng (Emma Stone). Upon meeting up with Brian, Colonel Lacy jokes with him about Kabul, and tells Brian he is a big deal in Hawaii. He also informs him that his ex-girlfriend, Tracy, who is now married to Woody, handles ceremonies for the dead. Allison Ng is Brian's Air Force liaison, very decorated and no nonsense. Tracy (Rachel McAdams) suddenly runs up to Brian though. She is surprised to see Brian there, and that Woody actually spoke to him. Brian meets Tracy's children, her 13-year-old daughter, Gracie (Danielle Rose Russell), and her younger son, Mitch (Jaeden Lieberher), who seems to be very interested in his video camera and talking about this Hawaiian god and the arrival. Gracie seems more interested in seeing her dad. Tracy invites Brian to dinner, and Mitch hopes he will accept. Mitch asks Brian if he is the arrival. Brian walks in on Carson talking with a biographer. Carson says he didn't abandon Brian, but rather saved him. He wants him to start with the blessing and move on from there. While flying, Ng tells Brian tells him about a meeting with the king of the Hawaiian nation. He tells her she doesn't need to call him sir, but she still does. She also reveals that she is 1/4 (one-quarter) Hawaiian. Once they get to the hotel, she wants to get peppermint tea, and discuss a wide range of topics, though he says there is no time for small talk or long conversations in general, and somewhat coldly tells her goodnight. From his room, Brian can hear Ng talking about him over the phone, to her mom. She gossips about him, but also claims to see greatness, but she says she also believes him to be a wreck. While Brian is ordering his coffee the next morning, he changes his order from a double espresso to a triple espresso since he has to be around Ng. Although he hasn't even said anything, Ng claims to appreciate his presence. As she peppers him with questions, he rolls down the window and howls like a coyote, in reference to one of the ways in which Ng had described him the night before. She finds out he had heard her then. Brian assures her he is just there as a private citizen doing work. Gracie asks her mother why her father is in places where the war is supposed to be done with, while Tracy tells Mitch to stop playing with the camera. Gracie tells her that she seems different, and that her bad mood isn't as convincing. Brian and Ng come to a padlocked gate to a sort of trail. Ng thinks that they're stuck, but Brian knows a shortcut, which involves hills. They joke over which one of them needs help. Ng says that she liked to dance but broke a bone and so joined the Air Force. Brian likes to dance, but alone. Ng calls him cynical and gets him all angry. He explains that his ex-wife left him for someone interested/involved with comic books. Brian tells her that he sees what she is doing, but his brain is unpickable. Brian and Ng come across an upside down flag, which means a nation in distress, Ng explains. They are at the nation of Hawaii. The king comes out and seems to know and be comfortable with Brian, as the two joke around. The three of them are sitting in the king's office. Ng is honored to be there, but Brian wants to get down to business and says he just needs a 20 minute blessing and approval for a new Air Force pedestrian gate. The king tells Brian his people are crooks. Brian says that it is his nation, but they are in America, with the king seeing it as military occupation. The three, and a bunch of others, are eating outside at night. They discuss the sacredness of the sky, and Ng absolutely affirms that weapons should not be allowed in the sky. Brian is authorized to make offerings to the king in order for the ceremony. The king wants 2 mountains back and free cell phone service. Brian says he can't really give that. Ng tells the king that she believes in Hawaii, and gives her word that the military will not put weapons in the sacred skies. She then asks him for the band to play music, and even plays the guitar with them. Brian and the king then actually agree on the deal, and the king gives him a flag. Ng says the sky is speaking to them, but Brian says it's metaphorical and that nothing is sacred and it's all for sale. Ng tries to argue in favor of the sky, but Brian just wants to keep it about their deal with the king. She goes quiet then. Bradley Cooper does tell her about a telescope he asked his dad for in 1983. Ng asks where that guy has been. Suddenly, there are shadows of people walking in the street. Ng tells him to stop the car and to look down. These people are supposedly ancient peoples looking for the souls of their ancestors. Ng warns him not to lift his head up, or he will be cursed. Mitch says that he misses his dad, but Tracy tells him then he will be home tomorrow, and that also Brian is coming over then. His mother gets him food from a food truck, and Mitch sees a truck with a strange oversized load, which he films. That next night, Ng is also over, chattering away and helping out as she tells Tracy about how she is 1/4 Hawaiian. Brian arrives, just sort of randomly popping in. Brian surprises Tracy with his presence and asks for a soda. He's brought her a poinsettia. He apologizes for Ng, but Tracy likes her. Brian and Tracy make awkward comments as to if each of them has what they want. While Ng teaches the kids how to salute in the other room, Woody is there, but he is still silent. Brian comes in and sees a picture of Tracy in a picture frame. Brian takes out the picture and sees that it was really a picture of her and Brian. In the kitchen Tracy tells Brian that Woody doesn't speak, but that he is a great dad. She then tells Brian she isn't ready to talk to him like a girlfriend yet. She tells him how she likes and doesn't want to lose their house, but that she is stressed out all the time with Woody being away. She tells Brian not to have any regrets and then admits she's talking to him like a girlfriend. They rehash their break-up, which involved Brian never showing up for their vacation. He saw Tracy as making it an ultimatum, which he did not like. She tells him he is a workaholic, and he says he is still working on that. She says that she loved him, and had plans, but he wrecked everything. She has waited and wanted to tell him something, which he needs to hear, about how he cannot just let people go. Woody suddenly comes in though. He comes up to touch Brian's shoulder, smiles, and leaves. Brian says he doesn't see what Tracy means, as Woody said a lot with his gestures. Gracie comes over to them in the kitchen and says she's picked out a dress for the winter formal. As she leaves, Brian remarks that her daughter looks just like her. Brian then goes to Mitch's room and admires his collection of space items. He admits that he did almost marry his mom when Mitch asks, but won't answer why anyone would break up with her. Instead, Brian notices a book on the arrival Mitch has. Mitch again asks if Brian is that god and tells him about the myth. Brian then tells Mitch to call him by his first name, and Mitch thinks that Brian really is that god. Ng and Gracie are doing the hula. Woody sees them and mouths "beautiful." Brian tells Mitch he is that god, and Mitch says that he loves him. Outside, on the Woodside's lawn, there are so many Christmas decorations it's almost tacky. Woody repeats that he loves his lawn. Brian, Ng, Tracy and Woody all go to a holiday event. General Dixon (Alec Baldwin), a very important but irritable man, is also there. Ng goes to help Brian get the drinks. Carson is there, talking to his biographer from before about the future. Woody looks at his wife. Brian asks Ng why she is alone on the holidays, but she says she would rather be alone. He tries to help her say in a more sexy tone that she is a fighter pilot. General Dixon comes over to Brian and tells him not to screw up the deal with the Hawaiians. He also admits that he dislikes him and calls him a bottom feeder before walking away. Another man, Bob Largent, talks with Brian and claims that General Dixon does like him, and then slips something into his pocket. He takes his drinks and sends him to wait for Carson in the hallway. Carson explains that they're doing what the country was meant to do, and are taking control. He was mad about Kabul, about how Brian destroyed himself by pocketing money from the Afghans. Carson tells Brian that he actually always knew of this, despite Brian thinking he never knew. He is giving him another chance though. Carson and Ng meet and go to dance, while Brian looks on amused, as does Colonel Lacy, who is the DJ. Everyone seems to really be enjoying themselves but Brian leaves. Back at the hotel, Brian inserts a flash drive, and sees that it contains top secret info. He sneezes and with how close their rooms are, Ng can hear him and they talk outside. She says she had fun. Brian says he's found nothing beats fun, but she says maybe purpose does. She comes over with her peppermint tea and laptop. Ng asks about the stickers on his laptop, which he says are for each adventure. Ng then says she's never been shot and asks him what it's like. They seem to be having a moment, but then he remarks about how he messed up in Kabul. In Kabul, Brian says he saw a missile coming but he didn't get out of the way because he didn't care. He then says that tonight was the first night he was truly happy he lived. They then kiss and are shown naked in bed together, in the middle of the night. Ng says she thinks she left her sunglasses somewhere, but they are also talking about something else, which turns out to be Brian's foot they are looking at. Brian explains that a doctor sewed another toe onto his foot. Brian and Ng spend a romantic day together, not in their uniforms, and with Ng even in a dress. While on a morning run, Ng seems to be in an even more excited and energetic mood than usual. She comes over to the Woodside's house, where Gracie is babysitting Mitch. Ng notices that Mitch is looking at footage he shot, which is the oversized load. They wonder what it is and guess it's a big covert operation. Ng seems distraught. Ng wants to tender her resignation to Colonel Lacy, who is amusingly at some kind of stroller exercise morning thing. Ng wants to know what is going on, but Colonel Lacy claims he was only told what they wanted to tell him, since it's a private operation. She thinks they could be filling the sky with weapons. Once she finds out it's Carson Welch behind the program, she asks what Brian knows, but Colonel Lacy says it's more like what doesn't Brian know? Brian buys Ng a hat before waiting to meet her for lunch at a little restaurant, complete with peppermint tea. He explains that the odd hat, which has sunglasses on it, is because of her having lost her sunglasses. He puts the hat on her, which covers her eyes, and understands her reluctance, as people have detached themselves from him before. He really wants to be a couple though. She is crying underneath the hat, which he thinks is maybe her way of saying yes to them. Ng then tells him that she knows he knows and knows what he knows, and for him to stop playing games. She got personal with him, had fun with him, believed him, and he had told her not to, which is what she is most upset about. When he says he needs her to believe in him, she just again says that she knows what he knows, and that he lied to everyone. He seemed to know about the rocket which was the oversized load, and that he was just distracting the Hawaiians. She is upset that he had her lie to the Hawaiians, especially when she is Hawaiian. Ng also tells Brian that he is lost. She then admits that she was there as his babysitter and watchdog, and everyone said he was morally bankrupt. She keeps the hat and thanks him for it as she gets in her car. She does ask if there are weapons in it though. Ng tells Brian that she was his last chance. He's sold his soul so many times that nobody is buying anymore. Woody comes home to see his family writing thank you cards. He says very little about work when Tracy asks, even though she is clearly hoping for more from him. Tracy follows Woody to their bedroom, where he blames Brian for their problems. She says that they had problems long before he showed up though, and she can't take the silence anymore. She offers to let him stay and says that she'll leave, but he says he'll go, since he's always going anyway. Outside, Woody destroys the Santa in the noisy Christmas display he was once so proud of. The next morning, Tracy shows up to Brian's hotel and says she has stuff to discuss with him before he leaves. She thinks he came there for a reason. By way of asking if he has anything to celebrate on Father's Day, he confirms that Gracie is his daughter. Tracy is relieved she told him. They look down on Gracie and Mitch playing below, and Tracy tells Brian Gracie has a lot of him in her. Woody doesn't know, as it's never been discussed, with how silent he is. Tracy then admits that Woody left the night before. They briefly hold hands before she leaves. The Hawaiians come together for a blessing of the new Air Force pedestrian gate, which will enable Carson to privatize space exploration. Everyone just looks awkward. Bob Largent suddenly comes to take Brian and Ng with him, since the rocket launch may have been compromised by a Chinese hacker. Ng does not want to be part of it, but is obviously stuck in the car with them. The three have to move quickly to ensure the launch, which is ahead of schedule, goes well. Colonel Lacy is also there. Brian gets his laptop to communicate with his friend, Roy, as well as Carson and the rest of the launch team. Brian needs to stop the hacker during the launch. Ng begs Brian for it to not happen and appears distraught. The launch seems to be going well. Ng walks in the room where Brian is working on all upset, while everyone else is relieved. Carson calls Brian to make sure the Chinese hacker is gone, which Brian took care of. Carson celebrates the rocket being in orbit. Brian soon becomes distressed himself, once he sees how upset Ng is. The king is also looking up at the sky. Brian then gets an idea, which Roy reluctantly goes along with. Brian explains to Ng that he's having Roy send the biggest amount of sound into space, which when released, will compromise the rocket. Brian and Ng hold hands as the rocket is ruined and explodes. Carson is not pleased. Brian tells Ng to stay away from him, since he's radioactive now. Ng still tries to go after him, but he just repeats for her to stay away from him, especially since she is just starting and he is finished. He tells her it's over. Carson is outside, singing the wheels on the bus. He tells Brian that he gets it, since he left Brian for dead in Kabul, and this is his revenge. Brian tries to tell him he can't buy the sky, but Carson tells him that he can't stop the future with such desperate acts, since he will just buy another rocket. He says Brian will just become a joke, and tells him his life will be very, very complicated. Brian and Colonel Lacy are waiting to meet with General Dixon. Colonel Lacey explains it's best to let the general speak first, and tells him to just take whatever he says. The general tells Brian its all his fault that Carson pulled out, and that he set back their footprint in the Pacific by a decade Brian claims he saw weapons, but the general tells him he saw a philanthropic effort. The general tells Colonel Lacey he told him Brian would be bad. He also tells Brian to stay away from Ng, because the Air Force likes her, and so does Hillary Clinton apparently, for her salute. Before she goes to fly, Ng is seen with a bumper sticker from the hotel. While in her kitchen, Tracy tells Brian that he ruined himself to get a girl, and that he didn't even get the girl, who was a good one. She also think its bizarrely sweet that Brian got them a new Santa. She reads him a letter Woody sent her, which says not to penalize him for not being emotional, and that he hated how she changed when Brian came back to town, though he doesn't like to hate, since it's not good for his brain. He admits he's not the original owner of her heart, but he is the better owner. Brian jokes he liked him better when he was silent. Gracie walks in briefly to say she noticed the new Santa. She takes notice of Brian being there before leaving. The rest of Woody's letter says that Tracy calmed the fear in him whenever he walked in through the door. Brian says he likes the letter Woody wrote, and that he lacks that romance, and Tracy should go be with her husband. Tracy tells him to go be with Ng, the girl who lit up his sky. Brian helps Mitch hang up his flag. Once he returns to the kitchen, he sees Woody walk in. Woody is still silent but subtitles explain that Woody knows Brian is Gracie's father and they hug. Brian says it's Woody's family and always has been, and that they all love with him. Woody asks Brian if he slept with his wife, which he did not, but he did sleep with Ng. Woody enthusiastically hugs him once more. Brian stands in the doorway while Tracy and Woody hug and kiss. She and Brian smile at each other with tears in their eyes. Gracie and Mitch also come in to greet Woody. Mitch says goodbye to Brian outside. General Dixon and Colonel Lacey tell Brian that he is off the hook. Nobody knew the whole story, that Carson really did have weapons. The general will take all the credit for the exposure though. Carson is getting picked up and taken away by men in Japan though. The general tells Brian to let Ng go, since she is on her way, and for him to get lost. Ng is outside the hotel in her uniform, ready to leave. Brian shows up and says he wants to know everything about her. She asks what he's still doing there and he just tells her wherever she's flying to come back, since he'll be waiting. As she counts how many words he's spoken to her, he tells her he loves her and calls her by her name, Allison. They kiss and he says he's staying. He sees that she still has that hat. He does have one more thing to do though. At night, Brian goes to Gracie's hula class and stands outside, watching her dancing. She notices him and seems confused with him being there, and he just nods at her. She cries as she puts it together that he's her father. She dances for a moment more but then runs out to embrace him before going back inside to continue dancing. During the closing credits, we see Brian planting along the Hawaiian nation.
tt2140379
Action,Mystery,Sci-Fi
Business tycoon and billionaire Damian Hale (Ben Kingsley) is master of his own universe, until he is diagnosed with terminal cancer. Now on his deathbed, he finds a business card directing him to a man named Professor Albright (Matthew Goode), who informs him about a radical medical procedure called "shedding", in which one's consciousness is transferred to an artificially grown healthy body. While Damian searches the article about Dr. Francis Jensen, a shedding neurologist, he suddenly collapses and the blood sputum is spurting onto the laptop. In his nursing home, Damian receives a call from Albright, saying that once he transferred into another body, it will not return to his original body and his death will be made to the public. Also, Albright plans Damian to fly to New Orleans to meet his friend, Martin. Damian then buries the box, containing something, in the cemetery. Damian and Martin having a coffee in the restaurant, but Damian collapse again to the floor. He is now brought into Albrights and he decides to transfer to the healthy body, we call him as Young Damian. Now his body is transferred to the new body, Young Damian begins to learn how to walk, swimming, etc. Albright prescribes medication to ease vivid hallucinations which he claims are side effects of the procedure. Young Damian starts a new life in New Orleans under a pseudonym of Edward Kittner. After Young Damian introduces his new home, he goes to play basketball and befriends his neighbor, Anton. After Young Damian read his own obituaries in the internet, he tries to call his daughter, Claire, but he refuses to talk with her and quickly hangs up the phone. Because he forgot to take his medicine, Young Damian subsequently hallucinate the war, the woman and a child, and the water tower styled as a pumpkin. When Edward asks Albright about the hallucinations, he dismisses his concerns, but accidentally reveals that he knows details of the hallucinations that Edward did not reveal. Albright arranges for him to move to Hawaii for a change of scenery, but Edward, convinced the hallucinations are some kind of memory, researches a landmark he saw in his vision and heads to St. Louis instead. In St. Louis, Young Damian infiltrates a house and sees the picture frames of himself and his wife, Madeline. Young Damian encounters Madeline, who identifies him as her apparently deceased husband Mark. After that, Albrights men, led by Anton - who reveals that he is one of Albright's employees breaks into the house and attacked Young Damian/Mark and Madeline. Edward learns that the body he inhabits belonged to another man who sold himself to Albright in order to gain the money he needed to cure their sick daughter. Young Damian then excuses him to go to the bathroom for taking medicine. After he took medicine, Young Damian attacks the henchman and kills him. Young Damian sees the fire thrower burns Madelines car. Anton and his henchman overhear the crashing and go to the bathroom. Young Damian shoots another man and Anton told him to the front. Anton goes inside the bathroom then tries to subdue each other, loses the medicine in the process. Young Damian tackles Anton out of the house and he goes back inside the house. The fire thrower burns the house. Young Damian takes Madeline out, but before they can escape, the two goes down under the house. Unseen by Anton and his other men, Young Damian shoots the fire thrower, accidentally burns Anton alive but manage to kill the fire by soaking himself into the tub and kills the henchman. The two escape and collect her daughter, Anna, from school. The two stay at a motel for a while before heading to New Orleans. There, Young Damian researches the internet of Dr. Jensen, the man who invented shedding; Mark notices a tic he shares with Albright in a video of him and sees Albright in the same video as his assistant, and concludes that Jensen has shedded himself into Albright's body. Young Damian again hallucinates, because he loses his medicine, and collapses. The two drives back to the New Orleans and Young Damian told them to wait in the car. Young Damian finds Dr. Jensens wife, Phyllis, in a nursing home suffering from Alzheimers. Young Damian asks her if he can access his research, but she does not know. When Dr. Phyllis reveals that Albright came every week in her house, to bring butter scotch candy for her, she calls Albright to come in her house. Young Damian tranquilized Dr. Phyllis and he confronts Albright/Dr. Jensen. Young Damian asks Albright for medicine but he warns that if he continues to take the medicine, his "Mark" personality will eventually be completely erased, while if he quits, the "original" Mark will reassert control over his body and kill Damian's personality instead. But Mark flees when more assassins show up, including another man who he recognizes as Anton due to necklace they share Anton reveals that he has shedded multiple times. At a rest stop, Madeline confronts Mark over his behavior and lack of knowledge of their personal details, and he reveals all that has transpired to her. He takes them to his old friend Martin (Victor Garber) and convinces him to provide for Madeline and Anna to flee to the Caribbean. However, he and Madeline discover Anna playing with Martin's young son Tony (Dylan Lowe), who died two years ago; Martin admits that he used shedding to save his son and that Albright's men are waiting for them. Mark then reveals the dark secret behind shedding and flees to distract Albright's men while Martin, Madeline, and Anna escape. Mark manages to crash Anton's car with him in it and defeat his pursuers, but Madeline and Anna are recaptured. Mark stops taking his medicine in order to experience more memories, hoping they will lead him to Albright. This succeeds, and Mark pursues Albright to a lab built in an abandoned warehouse. There, Albright captures him and attempts to shed Anton into Mark's body, but Mark, remembering that metal interferes with the shedding process, takes a bullet casing in his mouth, therefore sabotages the procedure which kills Anton in the process. He rescues Madeline and Anna and takes down Albright once and for all. Mark arranges for Madeline and Anna to flee the country as planned, meets his own estranged daughter Claire (Michelle Dockery), and delivers her a letter reconciling with her. He then heads to the Caribbean and stops taking his medicine, dying peacefully. The real Mark reawakens in his own body and discovers a video message from Damian's personality thanking him for the time he gave him. Mark then reunites with his family at last.
tt2381941
Comedy,Crime,Drama
Con man Nicky Spurgeon (Will Smith) goes to a bar in New York City. There, he sees a beautiful young blonde woman (Margot Robbie) with another man, who seems to be pestering her. She escapes from him - he later falls asleep, drunk - and goes to Nicky's table. Her name is Jess. They go upstairs to her hotel room and start to make out. A man then bursts into the room with a gun, threatening to shoot Nicky. Jess says he's her husband. Nicky then quips that he's got cancer, and the man says he doesn't want to shoot a guy with cancer. Jess figures that Nicky is on to them. Nicky says how they should have handled it if they really wanted to rob him before he leaves. Jess finds Nicky a few nights later and begs him to teach her his ways after she's done her research on him. Nicky mentions a story to her about two partners involved in a con gone wrong where one partner had to shoot the other to make it seem like they weren't working together. They happened to be Nicky's father and grandfather, and the former shot the latter in something called the "Toledo Panic Button". Nicky agrees to teach her and says the act of conning people is a game of focus. He shows her how her works his hands so that she can't tell when he's swiped something off her person. Nicky takes his business to New Orleans with his friend Horst (Brennan Brown), and their own team of con artists. It's Super Bowl week, so the city is packed full of people. Jess joins them down there for a practice round of conning. They take her through the crowded streets where they swipe watches, wallets, and other trinkets off unsuspecting people. They also take Jess through a hotel casino for another round. After she proves her worth, she is allowed on the team. On a sidenote, we see Nicky may have a gambling problem as he loses money at a horse track. Jess meets Nicky's friend and associate Farhad (Adrian Martinez). He is involved in more complicated schemes, as he is seen removing a fake ATM that is used to nab private information. Jess takes a liking to Farhad despite his often crass behavior. Over time, Nicky and Jess develop a mutual attraction. After sex, Jess asks Nicky why some people refer to him as "Mellow". He says his father used to call him that because he told him he was soft like a marshmallow. Nicky believes that there's no room for heart in this game because it can get you killed. The night before the big game, with all their conning complete, Nicky addresses the team and congratulates them on a record week, $1.2 million worth. He sends everybody home with his usual promise to send them their cut. Horst gives Nicky the bag of cash, and makes Nicky promise he won't gamble with it. Nicky promises as Jess looks on. Nicky and Jess go to the football game. They make small bets with each other such as if one fan will catch a hot dog, and if another is too drunk to get up for the wave. They see a woman in short shorts and bet how many men will look at her ass as she walks by. Jess bets 8 while Nicky bets 3. A curious man named Mr. Liuyan (B.D. Wong) joins the game and bets 5. Seven men check out the woman as she walks by, making Jess the closest. Liuyan makes more bets with Nicky over the game, practically begging him to play when Nicky tries to back out. Nicky plays and loses $1,000. The bets escalate as the two men double the bets, even as Jess tells Nicky they should just leave. After losing $100,000, it looks like Nicky has finally had enough and is about to walk away. Mr. Liuyan goads him back in, and Nicky bets all the remaining cash ($1.1 million) on a simple high card draw. Liuyan pulls the card with a higher number, winning all their money. Nicky and Jess are heartbroken. Nicky chooses not to walk away and decides to double the bet again. He tells Liuyan to pick any player on the field, and he will guess which one, seemingly impossible odds. Mr. Liuyan thinks he is crazy and doesn't bet on crazy, so he refuses. Nicky sweetens it when he says Jess will pick the player that Liuyan spotted, much to Jess's terror. Liuyan can't turn down free money, so he picks a player. As Jess nervously looks through the binoculars, Liuyan gives them a chance to back out. Jess looks to Nicky, seemingly begging him to take this chance to back out, but Nicky tells her to pick. Jess again nervously scans the players. All of a sudden, she spots Farhad wearing a jersey with 55 on it. She grins and picks him, and to everyone's surprise, that's the correct answer. On the taxi ride home, Nicky, now with a LOT of money on him, explains to Jess that this was set up from the beginning of the day. He knew that Liyuan is a notorious gambler, so he had it set up so that Liuyan would see the number 55 throughout the day, thereby subconsciously getting him to pick that number when the moment was right. Nicky then has the taxi pull over while another car pulls up behind them. He tells the cabbie to take Jess to the airport. He leaves her with her share of money and departs without another word, leaving Jess confused and heartbroken. Three years later. In Buenos Aires, Argentina, Nicky is working with a billionaire race car owner named Rafael Garriga (Rodrigo Santoro) and his associate, Owens (Gerald McRaney). They are in possession of a revolutionary new fuel burn algorithm, which will give them an edge in the upcoming season. But Garriga is nervous this won't be enough, so their plan is for Nicky to pose as a disgruntled former employee of Garriga, and sell a fake version to another team owner McEwen (Robert Taylor), who is Garriga's biggest competition. This will make the competition slower, while Garriga gets faster. Nicky goes to a party at Garriga's mansion where he sees Jess for the first time since he left her, descending the staircase in a stunning red dress. She kisses Garriga, to Nicky's disdain. He approaches Jess afterward, where she assures him that she's doing just fine on her own. Nicky plays his part of disgruntled employee, and is later approached by McEwen. Nicky spends a lot of his time trying to get closer to Jess, even though she's done with him. This eventually leads to them going back to Nicky's hotel room and having sex. The next morning, Owens goes to Nicky's room while Jess stays out of sight. Owens complains about his feelings toward the younger generation and his lack of progress in the job. Nicky eventually sells off Garriga's REAL algorithm not only to McEwen, but to every other race team as well for the same price, amounting to about 27 million Euros. He also convinces Jess to run away with him. Before they can escape, one of Garriga's men rams his car into theirs, and the two of them are abducted and taken to one of Garriga's warehouses with duct tape on their mouths. He takes the tape off Nicky's mouth but leaves it on Jess and plugs her nose until Nicky tells him how he managed to hack Garriga's system and get his hands on the real algorithm. First Nicky tells him Jess wasn't a part of it so he can let her go. Garriga plugs her nose again, so Nicky finally admits that he used Jess (again), and planted a bug on her so that when she returned to Garriga's hotel room, the bug picked up his computer password. He laughs, knowing it's a lie, and takes the tape off her mouth. She admits to Nicky that Garriga isn't her boyfriend - she just wanted his watch, which is worth two hundred grand. She's never slept with Garriga, or even been to his room, despite his numerous attempts. Nicky finally resigns to telling the truth, and right as he's about to start, he gets shot in the chest by Owens, which horrifies Garriga and causes him to leave. Nicky appears to bleed out as Jess cries and tells him she loves him. It looks like Nicky dies until Owens says he shot Nicky in the right spot to avoid any major arteries, although he did puncture his lung. Owens gets the blood out of Nicky's lung, reviving him. Owens then calls Nicky "Mellow", making Jess realize that Owens is Nicky's father, Bucky Spurgeon, that he was in on the con the whole time, and that they've just performed the "Toledo Panic Button." Owens drives Nicky and Jess to the closest hospital. He reminds Nicky of what he said regarding putting your heart in the con game, and adds that he's taking all the money. Jess helps walk Nicky to the front of the hospital. Nicky smirks when he notices that Jess is wearing Garriga's watch on her wrist.
tt2316204
Horror,Sci-Fi,Thriller
In a prologue, business magnate Peter Weyland speaks with his newly activated android, who chooses the name "David" after observing a replica of Michelangelo's statue of David. Weyland tells David that one day they will search for mankind's creator together. David comments on his own unlimited lifespan compared to his creator's limited one. In 2104, 11 years after the 'Prometheus' expedition, the colonization ship 'Covenant' is bound for a remote planet, Origae-6, with a crew of 15, two thousand colonists in stasis and 1,140 human embryos aboard. The ship is monitored by Walter, a newer android model that physically resembles David. A stellar burst damages the ship, killing 47 colonists. Walter orders the ship's computer to wake the crew, which includes several married couples. The ship's captain, Jake Branson, is burned alive when his stasis pod malfunctions. While repairing the ship, the crew picks up a radio transmission from a nearby, habitable planet. Against the objections of Daniels (Branson's widow), the new captain, Oram, decides to investigate. As the Covenant remains in orbit, an expedition team descends to the earth-like planet's surface and tracks the transmission's signal to a crashed alien ship. Crew members Ledward and Hallett are infected by alien spores. Oram's wife Karine helps the rapidly-sickening Ledward back to the lander where Maggie, the pilot, quarantines them both inside the med-bay. A small, pale, alien creature (neomorph) bursts from Ledward's back, killing him, and then kills Karine. Maggie attempts to kill the creature with a shotgun, but triggers an explosion which kills her and destroys the lander. The neomorph escapes while a similar creature bursts from Hallett's mouth. The neomorphs attack the remaining crew members and kill one. The crew manages to kill a neomorph before David, who survived the 'Prometheus' mission, scares away the other, and leads the crew to a temple in a city full of humanoid (Engineer) corpses. David tells them that upon his and fellow 'Prometheus' survivor Elizabeth Shaw's arrival at the planet, their ship released a black liquid bio-weapon which annihilated the native population and that Shaw died when the ship crashed in the ensuing chaos. After the crew members tell David of their mission, they attempt to contact the 'Covenant' but are prevented by fierce storms. The surviving neomorph infiltrates the structure and kills crew member Rosenthal. David tries to communicate with the creature, but is horrified when Oram kills it. Oram questions David who reveals that the aliens are a result of his experimenting, with the black liquid (formed from the blood of the first Deacon) and a facehugger egg found in the Engineer city, in an attempt to create a new species even more superior to himself, just as he believes himself superior to the humans that created him, and the humans to be superior to the Engineers. He manipulates Oram into being attacked by an alien facehugger. An alien creature (xenomorph) later erupts from Oram's chest, killing him. As the others search for Oram and Rosenthal, Walter, who has found Shaw's dissected corpse, confronts David. David explains that he believes humans are a inferior species and should not be allowed to colonize the galaxy. When Walter disagrees, David disables him, and threatens Daniels. Walter recovers (being a superior model capable of self-repair) and confronts David while Daniels escapes as they fight. A facehugger attacks security chief Lope, but he is later rescued by crew member Cole. The now fully grown Xenomorph appears and kills Cole, while Lope escapes and meets up with Daniels. Pilot Tennessee arrives in another lander to extract Daniels, Lope, and Walter, who claims David has "expired". After an encounter outside the ship, they kill the Xenomorph and return to the 'Covenant'. The next morning, Daniels and Tennessee find out that another Xenomorph burst from Lope's chest, killing him, and is loose on the Covenant. It matures, and kills crew members Ricks and his wife Upworth. Tennessee and Daniels lure the creature into the Covenant's terraforming bay and flush it into space. The 'Covenant' resumes its trip to Origae-6, and the surviving crew re-enters stasis. As Walter puts Daniels under, she realizes that he is in fact David, but is unable to escape her stasis pod before falling asleep. David regurgitates two facehugger embryos and places them in cold storage alongside the human embryos before entering the cargo bay containing the colonists in stasis. He then poses as Walter to record a log stating that all crew members except Daniels and Tennessee were killed by the neutrino blast at the beginning of the film and that the ship is still on course for Origae-6.
tt2660888
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
In the opening scene, Captain James T. Kirk (Chris Pine) is meeting with the Teenaxi people to make a treaty between them and their enemies, the Fenopians. Kirk is holding an artifact that he claims is a gift of peace from the Fenopians, but the Teenaxi leader considers this a threat. He rolls down to confront Kirk, where we see that the leader and the rest of his people are small creatures. However, they gang up on Kirk and attack him. Kirk calls for Scotty (Simon Pegg) to beam him back up to the USS Enterprise. Kirk records a log, stating that they are now about three years into their five-year mission to explore the ends of the universe. Kirk has become rather bored by this point, and he wonders what else there is to see out there. Kirk is joined by Dr. Leonard McCoy (Karl Urban) with a bottle of scotch that he took out of Mr. Chekov's (Anton Yelchin) locker. Bones notes that Kirk's birthday is coming up, which Kirk isn't looking forward to since it reminds him of how his father died on the same day, and how Kirk will be a year older than his father when he died. Bones states that Kirk has spent all this time figuring out who his father was in his life, and now he is wondering what it means to be Kirk himself. The crew descends onto Starbase Yorktown to replenish their supplies. Spock (Zachary Quinto) and Uhura (Zoe Saldana) appear to be going through a rough patch in their relationship. She is ready to hand him back a necklace that he gave her, but he refuses to take it back. Mr. Sulu (John Cho) reunites with his life partner and their daughter. Spock is then called aside by two Vulcans ambassadors. He is informed that his older self from the prime timeline, Ambassador Spock, has died. Meanwhile, a distress signal is picked up by the Federation from an alien named Kalara (Lydia Wilson), who claims to have been part of a crew whose ship suffered a critical malfunction. She asks for help in rescuing her crew on the far side of the nebula. Kirk meets with Commodore Paris (Shohreh Aghdashloo) to apply for a position as Vice Admiral. He requests that Spock be made captain of the Enterprise in his place. The Enterprise sets off on the rescue mission. As they proceed through the nebula, they approach a Class M planet, and are suddenly attacked by a massive cluster of ships that move like a swarm of insects. The swarm quickly causes heavy damage to the Enterprise, the aliens riding the small ships breaching the hull in a matter of minutes. The crew tries fighting back, but their weapons are not strong enough, and when Sulu tries to warp them out of there, Scotty reports that the ship's nacelles have been sheered off by the enemy. The aliens then allow their leader, Krall (Idris Elba), to board the ship. His soldiers find the artifact that Kirk possessed earlier, a bioweapon called the Abronath. However, when Krall tries to get his hands on it, he finds that its container is empty. With the damage to the Enterprise critical, Kirk orders a general evacuation. Spock and Bones get in an escape pod that heads down to the planet. Krall battles with Kirk, winning the upper hand until Uhura separates the saucer from the engineering section of the ship, taking Krall with her. Kirk then goes with Chekov and Kalara as they make their escape. As the escape pod is ejected, Kirk watches the Enterprise crash to the ground. Meanwhile, Scotty's escape pod nearly flies into a vast canyon, but he jumps out in time. He is cornered in the forest by the planet's savage inhabitants. Before they can attack him, a scavenger named Jaylah (Sofia Boutella) shows up and beats the savages. Scotty introduces himself to her as an engineer. They agree to work together, with Scotty helping repair something of Jaylah's, and she will help him find the rest of the crew. Jaylah takes Scotty to her home, which happens to be a long-lost Federation starship, the USS Franklin. Spock and Bones have also crash-landed, with Spock impaled by a chunk of metal in his abdomen. Bones manages to pull out the metal and stop the bleeding. The two navigate the area, but they must slow down since Spock is still badly wounded. As they sit down, Spock informs Bones about Ambassador Spock's death. He feels that he must continue carrying out his older self's work on New Vulcan, and he wanted to inform Kirk, but Bones says he probably would not like that. After landing on the planet, Kirk confronts Kalara, thinking she knew what was coming. She defends herself, saying this was to help save her crew. With Chekov, they rush to find the Abronath on the saucer. Kalara then turns on Kirk, confirming she led them to a trap and that she was working with Krall the whole time. She finds that the Abronath is not where Kirk claimed to have left it. Moments later, the three are ambushed by drones. Kirk and Chekov manage to activate the saucer's thrusters, which lift the saucer high enough until it crashes down hard, killing Kalara. Krall captures Uhura, along with Sulu and the rest of the crew. He and his soldiers take them to his base of operations. It is shown that Krall is able to drain people of their lifeforce to rejuvenate himself, as well as change his appearance. He threatens to kill Sulu for the Abronath, but an Ensign named Syl gives up the weapon, having kept it hidden in the back of her head. He brings Uhura and Syl into a chamber where he demonstrates the use of the weapon. He locks Syl in the chamber and activates the Abronath, releasing a black cloud that envelopes Syl causing her to decompose. Krall intends to use this against the Federation. Kirk and Chekov run into a perimeter trap that Jaylah has arranged, encasing them in a crystallized shell. Scotty and Jaylah find them, and she breaks them free when Scotty says they are part of his crew. They team up to rescue the rest of the crew. Scotty repairs the Franklin's transporter pad to teleport people onto the ship. They start with Spock and Bones, who are about to be killed by more drones until they are both beamed onto the Franklin. On the computer, they receive a signal on Uhura's location since the necklace Spock gave her is also a tracking device. They see she is with the rest of the crew at Krall's hideout, but Chekov says they are unable to beam everyone up from there. Kirk figures they need to head in there and come up with their own rescue plan. Jaylah wants no part since she knows people who go near Krall's camp never come back alive. Her father fought Krall's right-hand man Manas and was killed. Scotty says she is not alone and can work with the others to save the crew. Kirk creates a diversion with a motorcycle he found on the Franklin while Spock and Bones sneak around to take a number of crew members at a time onto a pad and use a beacon to beam them onto the Franklin. Krall's men attack, leading to Jaylah fighting Manas one-on-one. Kirk protects the crew by spreading the crystallizing material to shield them from Krall's army. As the rest of the crew is saved, only Kirk and Jaylah remain. Jaylah pushes Manas off the pad to his death and jumps to reach Kirk as he activates his beacon, sending them back to the Franklin. Krall and his army fly toward Yorktown so he can activate the Abronath and kill everyone. The Enterprise crew follows. Spock and Bones beam onto a drone ship and figure out that they need to use a distraction to get by the other drones. Scotty uses Jaylah's music system to create discordant noise with The Beastie Boys' song "Sabotage". The drones are obliterated, leaving only Krall's ship plus two others. The Franklin manages to stop Krall's ship, causing her to crash into a fountain. The crew goes off to find Krall and make sure he is dead. They find two dead bodies drained of their lifeforce. As they continue making their way, they notice a video of the original crew of the Franklin from a century ago. Uhura spots a familiar face among everyone else. The man she sees is Balthazar Edison, the captain of the Franklin, but he is now Krall. Kirk asks to see Edison's old logs, skipping to the last one to see Edison having become jaded and angry with the Federation after his ship was stranded with no help, following his crew's own series of missions. Edison mentioned discovering a life-sustaining force that he intended to use to keep himself alive. A major in the United Earth Military Assault Command Operations (MACO), he became disillusioned with the Federation, rejecting its principles of unity and cooperation with former enemies. Now looking slightly more like his former self, Krall takes the Abronath to Yorktown's life support hub, which would allow the black cloud to spread through the entire starbase. Kirk finds Krall and starts fighting him to take the Abronath away from him. Kirk tries to reason with Krall, but he is no longer the same captain he once was. Kirk's crew attempts to open the doors into space to pull out Krall. Krall activates the Abronath, which starts releasing the black cloud. However, Kirk avoids getting killed and pushes Krall into the path of the cloud. The doors open and sucks Krall into space with the Abronath, where he is consumed by the cloud and is thus disintegrated. Kirk gets pulled out as well, but Spock and Bones fly in and pull him to safety. In the aftermath, Commodore Paris closes the unsolved cases of the fate of Captain Edison and the USS Franklin crew. She also offers Kirk the position of Vice Admiral, but he chooses to remain a captain since he prefers to fly. Meanwhile, Spock goes through Ambassador Spock's old materials. Among them is a picture of the Enterprise crew in the prime timeline right before they retired. Bones then brings Kirk to a surprise birthday party with the whole crew there to celebrate. Spock and Uhura reconcile their relationship. Kirk and Scotty pull some strings and get Jaylah into Starfleet Academy. The main crew then sees the USS Enterprise-A is being built. With that, the crew recites the original final frontier monologue as they resume their mission. The film closes with the words "In loving memory of Leonard Nimoy" (who had passed away in 2015) and "For Anton", a dedication to Anton Yelchin who passed away shortly before the film's premiere in 2016.
tt2224026
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
The alien race known as the Boov are very good at one thing - running away. On the run from their enemy, the Gorg, the Boov have found a new planet to call home - Earth. Led by Captain Smek (voice of Steve Martin), they commence their friendly invasion of the planet, relocating the humans to other parts of the planet while the Boov inhabit their homes. One of the Boov, Oh (voice of Jim Parsons), is a more excited, free-thinking member of the species. He invites all the other Boov to his apartment for a housewarming party. None of the Boov show up, and Oh is left feeling lonely. Not far from Oh is a teenage girl named Tip (voice of Rihanna). Her mother Lucy (voice of Jennifer Lopez) was separated from her during the invasion, leaving Tip with her pet cat Pig and fueling her hatred for the Boov. One Boov enters Tip's home, leaving her no choice but to make a run for it. She takes her car and decides to take it upon herself to find her mother. Oh runs into the street to find a Boov cop named Kyle (voice of Matt L. Jones), who, like the rest of the Boov, are annoyed with Oh. He invites him to the party, and then decides to send a mass invite to every Boov on Earth. Oh hits "reply all", which goes to EVERYBODY in the galaxy, including the Gorg. The Boov panic and declare Oh a fugitive. The little alien just barely manages to escape. He runs into a convenience store to grab stuff, just as Tip and Pig are doing. Tip runs into Oh and shoves him into the fridge, trapping him with a broom. She decides to leave him there, until her car fails to start. Oh offers to fix it, so Tip reluctantly lets him out. He turns it into a hovercar that runs on slushies. Oh hitches a ride with Tip when he promises to help her find her mother, but they have to go to Paris to find the Boov Command Center and locate her through that. Smek summons the smartest Boov to come up with a solution to stop Oh's invitation from reaching the Gorg in less than 30 hours. After a few bad suggestions, one of the smart Boov starts to say they can delete the invitation, until Smek takes credit for that plan. The Boov are shocked to find that they can't log into Oh's email because his password is unique, unlike everyone else's (it's "password"). Smek sends Kyle to find Oh and arrest him. Tip and Oh stop at a gas station. Oh tries to reroute the GPS on the car to take him to Antarctica to get away from every Boov in sight. Kyle shows up and tries to arrest Oh, when Tip comes back and knocks some boxes over him. She shoves Oh around when she realizes he tried to ditch her and back out on his promise. She straps him to the passenger's seat and flies the car herself, evading Kyle and making it over the ocean. During the ride, Tip introduces Oh to her favorite music. He begins to feel an involuntary sense to dance. This gets so intense for him that he has to jump into the ocean to cool his core. Tip waits worriedly for hours until Oh reemerges. She chastises him to scaring her. Oh learns that Tip already feels lonely like him without her mom. The two decide to work together and they open up to each other on the rest of the trip. They make it to Paris and locate the Boov Command Center, which is in the now-floating Eiffel Tower. While the smart Boov continue to try and find a way to break into Oh's password, Oh gets in himself and deletes the message seconds before it reaches the Gorg. He then plugs in Tip's brain to help him get an idea of where to find Lucy. They trace her location to Australia, where she is actively looking for her daughter. Tip hugs Oh for this. The other Boov then find the two and try to "erase" Oh. Tip messes with the gravity manipulation system and causes the whole Tower base to tilt upside down. She and Oh find the car and head for Australia. When the two wake up, they see other Boov riding by them in fear. A Gorg ship is close behind them. Tip and Oh manage to knock it down, but in the process lose their slushie fuel. Oh figures he can repair the car with some Gorg technology from the fallen Gorg ship. They come across it and see that it's actually a drone. Oh recovers a special chip and uses it to get the car up and running. Tip and Oh make it to Australia and see the Boov evacuating to their mothership. When they land the car, Tip starts to run for her mother, but Oh tries pulling her toward the mothership for safety. Oh claims that Lucy is on the ship, but Tip knows he's lying. She gets angry at him for trying to break the promise again, and she declares that they were never friends. Heartbroken, Oh returns to the ship. The Gorg come close to the Boov ship as they flee in terror. Oh pulls out the Gorg chip and uses it to fly the ship further away from the Gorg. The Boov become astonished at Oh's plan. Smek becomes upset and reminds everyone that he's the captain. Oh defies him and says he's a bad one since everything he told them about humans was a lie. Smek orders he be erased, until Kyle steps in and defends Oh. He grabs Smek's "shusher" (a scepter thing with a rock on it) and gives it to Oh, stating that he should be the new captain. Although uncertain at first, Oh knows what he has to do first. Tip goes everywhere she can to find Lucy, but nobody can help her. Defeated, she sits in a corner and cries. Oh returns to her side and helps her track down Lucy. The mother and daughter finally reunite and thank Oh. The Gorg mothership then descends upon the planet. Oh realizes that they want the rock on the shusher, since Smek stole it from them before. Oh runs to the ship to try and get it's attention, locking Tip and Lucy in the car to avoid them getting in trouble. Tip breaks out of the car and shines a light in the Gorg's face to bring his attention to Oh as he holds the rock up. The Gorg halts the ship as it mows down the ground, with Oh in its path. Tip rushes to rescue him, but it appears that Oh gets crushed beneath the machine. It starts to pull back, and Oh is unharmed. Tip and Lucy run to Oh and hug him. The Gorg emerges from the ship, and Oh returns him the rock. The Gorg emerges from its armor to show that it's a harmless starfish-type creature. Inside the rock are the next generation of Gorg, as this Gorg is the last of his kind. He thanks Oh and departs. Oh becomes a hero to both humans and Boov. Oh finally gets to have his party at his apartment, with humans and Boov in attendance. Tip plays her music and gets the rest of the Boov to experience dancing for the first time. We then see that other Boov, including Smek, are partying on the moon, while other ships from other planets head to Earth for Oh's party.
tt2527336
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
The opening crawl from this latest film 'Star Wars, Episode VIII: The Last Jedi' reads that the First Order is plotting to seize military control of the galaxy. A team of Resistance fighters led by General Leia Organa (Carrie Fisher) are planning an evacuation from their main base as Supreme Leader Snoke's (Andy Serkis) forces are coming for them. The Resistance holds out hope that Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) will return to bring hope. The opening scene shows Poe Dameron (Oscar Isaac) and the droid BB-8 are flying over the First Order's dreadnought as General Hux (Domhnall Gleeson) orders his men to fire upon Poe and the Resistance's base. Other fighters head in for the attack. Poe orders a fighter, Paige (Veronica Ngo), to drop the payload onto the dreadnought. The fighters take heavy hits, and Paige is knocked away from her remote. With mere moments before the First Order obliterates the Resistance, Paige is able to grab the remote and drop all their bombs down on the dreadnought, completely destroying it at the cost of her life. The rest of the fighters go into hyperspace to escape. Aboard the First Order ship, a hologram of Snoke reprimands Hux for failing to stop the evacuation. Kylo Ren (Adam Driver) enters the meeting. Snoke notes that, in spite of Kylo killing his father, Han Solo, he may still turn to the light side of the Force. Although Kylo protests, Snoke doesn't have faith in him. On his way down the elevator, Kylo smashes his helmet to pieces in rage. Meanwhile, former storm trooper Finn (John Boyega) wakes up from his coma after his light-saber battle with Kylo. Poe finds him and is happy to see him. The first thing Finn asks is for Rey (Daisy Ridley). Rey has just arrived on the planet Ahch-To with Chewbacca (Joonas Suotamo) and R2-D2 (Jimmy Vee) on the Millenium Falcon to find Luke. She hands him his light-saber, but he just callously tosses it over his shoulder. Confused, Rey follows Luke, but he doesn't want to see her or know who she is and why she has sought him out. She tells him that Leia sent her to find him. Chewie breaks down the door to Luke's hut. Luke then asks Chewie where Han is. Leia demotes Poe as a result of his actions with the dreadnought. Moments later, the First Order ship catches up to the Resistance after tracking their hyper-speed. The First Order deploys their TIE fighters to attack. Kylo flies in in his own TIE fighter and prepares to launch the killing strike against the Resistance leaders, but he pulls back after sensing Leia on board. The other TIE fighters fire upon them, causing a blast that sucks the rebel leaders into space to their deaths. Leia pulls herself back to the ship using the Force, but she goes unconscious. Rey and Kylo begin to feel a connection in which they can see and communicate with each other. With Luke still not wanting to have anything to do with the Force or the Jedi, R2 plays him Leia's original message to Obi-Wan Kenobi to persuade Luke to help (from the first Star Wars film 'A New Hope'). Luke senses Rey's power and eventually agrees to give her lessons in the way of the Jedi and why it must end. With Leia out of commission, Vice Admiral Holdo (Laura Dern) assumes command of the Resistance. Meanwhile, Finn attempts to hop on an escape pod. He is found by mechanic Rose Tico (Kelly Marie Tran), who is mourning Paige, her sister. Rose is a big fan of Finn, seeing him as a Resistance hero. However, she zaps him with her taser when she realizes he's trying to escape. Finn notes that the First Order is tracking them through hyper-speed, and they can't make another jump because they are dangerously low on fuel, and the First Order will find them anyway. With Poe's help, they contact Maz Kanata (Lupita Nyong'o) for assistance, but she is in the middle of a fierce battle. She does tell them that she knows a code-breaker on Canto Bight that can help them, and they need to find him wearing a particular symbol. Rey's first lesson sees Luke attempting to show her to feel the Force and control it. Rey is able to see visions and manipulate small pebbles as she achieves balance. However, she soon sees a vision of herself being pulled toward a dark pit, with Luke trying to break her out of it. The pit spews water and snaps Rey out of the vision. Luke says she saw the dark side of the Force, and she didn't even try to stop herself. He tells her he has seen something like this once before, and it didn't scare him then as it does now. This is why he considers the ways of the Jedi to be a failure. Finn, Rose, and BB-8 arrive at a casino on Canto Bight. Finn is impressed with the glitz and wealth of the casino, but Rose hates the place because only the weapons dealers who sell to the Empire are rich enough to gamble there. It is also home to a number of rotten people who take pleasure in misdeeds, including cruelty to giant but gentle creatures called fathiers that are forced to race, and enslaved children who live with them in the stables as caretakers. The trio finds the Master Codebreaker (Justin Theroux) playing at a table, but the heroes get captured and thrown into a jail cell for illegally parking their ship. In their cell, Finn and Rose meet a stuttering scoundrel named DJ (Benicio Del Toro). He overhears the two of them needing a code-breaker, and he offers his services. DJ manages to open their cell and helps them escape, and they climb down to the stable. Rose, fascinated by the beautiful fathiers, stops to free one from its stable and finds a small boy inside. Frightened, he nearly pushes a panic button but Rose shows him her ring with the Resistance's symbol. They fight guards on the way out with the help of BB-8 and ride the fathiers as they stampede through the casino to get away. Finn and Rose's ship is destroyed but BB-8 and DJ bring them another one to make their escape. Luke mentions that the last time he saw Kylo Ren as his student, he had attempted to kill him by collapsing his hut on him. As Rey and Kylo continue to connect, Kylo tells Rey that Luke saw the power growing in Kylo and had attempted to get rid of him before he got stronger. Holdo starts to set in motion plans to evacuate the Resistance ship to a nearby Resistance stronghold, the planet Crait. Poe believes she is doing something wrong, and he attempts to stage a mutiny. Before his plans can go into effect, Leia appears after waking up and she incapacitates Poe. Leia allows Holdo's plan to go ahead. Rey confronts Luke over what Kylo told him. They engage in a brief fight before she asks if he really tried to kill Kylo. Luke explains that he sensed nothing but great darkness in Kylo, with no hope of him turning back. He did consider killing him but backed out of it, only for Kylo to see him with the light-saber and respond with a counterattack. Rey decides to leave Ahch-To with Chewie and R2. Luke walks by the tree containing sacred Jedi texts when he is met by a familiar face...YODA (voice of Frank Oz). He destroys the tree with a lightning bolt, to Luke's dismay. Yoda's spirit tells Luke to help Rey before she is also lost to the dark side. Luke considers himself a failure, but, in the words of Yoda, "The greatest teacher, failure is." Meanwhile, Finn, Rose, and DJ make it to the First Order's ship. Unfortunately, they are captured by Captain Phasma (Gwendolyn Christie) and her goons, with DJ having told the villains Finn and Rose's plan in order to gain monetary compensation. At the same time, Rey arrives on the same ship and is taken prisoner by Kylo Ren. Kylo brings Rey to Snoke. Rey tries to get Kylo to abandon the dark side, but Snoke taunts Rey as she tries to fight back. Snoke reveals that he created the connection between her and Kylo in an attempt to destroy Luke. Snoke attempts to get Kylo to kill Rey with his light-saber, but Kylo uses Luke's light-saber to impale Snoke and cut him in half. Rey and Kylo then fight Snoke's soldiers and slaughter them all. Kylo, now fully taken over by the dark side, tries to get Rey to join him, but she refuses and tries to get him on the Resistance side. Kylo attempts to manipulate Rey when mentioning her parents. Despite her trying to forget, her parents were just junk traders who sold her off. Rey eventually resists and leaves to rejoin the Resistance while Kylo assumes his role as the new Supreme Leader. As the Resistance fighters are making their way to Crait, Hux's men start to fire upon the transports, killing heavy numbers of the Resistance. Seeing no other option, Holdo sacrifices herself and rams the command ship at light-speed into the First Order ship, splitting it in two and destroying other nearby ships. BB-8, having escaped the villains' clutches, commandeers a AT-AT armored Walker to fire upon the First Order soldiers. Finn and Rose prepare to escape, but Finn battles Phasma until he overpowers her. She tells him he was always scum, to which he proudly responds, "Rebel scum." The ship starts to come apart, and Phasma falls into the burning wreckage. Finn and Rose head off to meet the others on Crait. The surviving Resistance fighters have dwindled to a few dozen or so. Kylo and Hux lead gigantic walkers to the Resistance stronghold, armed with a battering ram cannon that will obliterate the entrance. Poe leads Finn, Rose, and a few others on speeders to fight back. Rey and Chewie come down with the Falcon to draw away TIE fighters while Finn attempts to stop the cannon. He nearly flies head on until Rose crashes her ship into his to stop him. Finn goes to her and asks why she did it. She tells him they always fight for what they love. She kisses him and then passes out. Finn rushes back to the stronghold to get Rose medical attention. The First Order fires their cannon onto the stronghold. Poe and Leia appear hopeless with most of their comrades dead and their own doom approaching. Suddenly, Leia is visited by Luke. The two siblings have a final meeting, with Luke saying that "Nobody is ever truly gone." Luke goes out to face the First Order. Kylo orders the soldiers to fire everything on Luke where he stands. Even after the insane amount of firepower unleashed on Luke, he still stands and coolly brushes his shoulder off. Poe realizes Luke is distracting the villains to allow them to escape. The fighters follow crystal wolves to an exit, only to be blocked by a huge pile of rocks. Kylo goes down to face Luke himself. They duel with their light-sabers, and Kylo attempts to strike Luke with a killing blow, only to realize Luke is a hologram... projecting himself while still on Ahch-To. Luke tells Kylo that he will not be the last Jedi. At that moment, Rey uses the Force to clear the way for the fighters. She and Finn embrace. Kylo screams in rage at his defeat as the heroes board the Falcon and escape. On Ahch-To, Luke finishes using what power he had left. He looks up and sees a twin sunset, just like back on Tatooine. He smiles, and then, he vanishes, now completely becoming one with the Force. Rey tells Leia that she has sensed that Luke is now gone, and she asks what will become of the Resistance now. Leia tells her they have what they need to rebuild. On Canto Bight, a trio of stable children that previously encountered Finn and Rose are telling each other the story of Luke Skywalker. Their master comes over to scold them to force them back to work. The boy they had found in the stable goes outside to sweep. He looks up at the sky to see the Falcon flying overhead, and, with Rose's Resistance ring on his finger, he raises his broom like a light-saber. The film closes with the words, "In loving memory of our princess, Carrie Fisher."
tt3385516
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
Nile Valley, 3,600 B.C. The people of Egypt are bowing down and chanting the name of En Sabah Nur (the ancient Egyptian language for 'Apocalypse'), a powerful being. He is brought into his pyramid by his Four Horsemen - Pestilence (Warren Scherer), Famine (Rochelle Okoye), Death (Monique Ganderton), and War (Fraser Aitcheson). They are set to begin a process to transfer En Sabah Nur's consciousness into the body of a younger successor (Oscar Isaac). As the sun hits the top of the pyramid, the process begins. Outside, the citizens of Egypt turn on their leader and send massive pillars sliding down into the pyramid to kill En Sabah Nur and the Horsemen. The Horsemen fight back against the other Egyptians as the pillars begin to destroy the pyramid. Death manages to form a protective shield on the successor before she and everyone else is crushed. The process is complete, but En Sabah Nur remains trapped beneath the rubble. We jump to Ohio in the year 1983. A high school classroom is discussing the events of 10 years earlier when Erik Lensherr/Magneto (Michael Fassbender) attacked the peace summit in Paris, and Raven Darkholme/Mystique (Jennifer Lawrence) stopped him. One student, Scott Summers (Tye Sheridan), complains that his eyes are hurting. A classmate mistakes it as him winking at his girlfriend. The teacher tells Scott to report to the principal's office but he retreats to the bathroom and hides in a stall. The classmate enters and threatens to beat him. Scott then opens his eyes and releases a powerful blast that knocks the other kid against the wall and causes significant damage to the walls and ceiling. In West Berlin, a bunch of people are gathered in a secret location to witness the mutant Angel (Ben Hardy) fighting a large fat mutant (possibly Blob). After taking him out, Angel prepares for his next challenger. Some men bring in the challenger locked inside a box. He is Kurt Wagner/Nightcrawler (Kodi Smit-McPhee). Nightcrawler is able to teleport as far as he can see, but within the cage where they fight is an electrical lining that prevents him from escaping. Meanwhile, Raven has made it in and she increases the voltage in the cage. Nightcrawler manages to take Angel down and pin him against the cage, frying Angel's wings. With Raven's help, Nightcrawler escapes the place. Lensherr now lives in Poland under the name Henryk Gorzky. He works at a metal foundry and has a wife, Magda (Carolina Bartczak), and a daughter, Nina (T.J. McGibbon). Erik tells Nina a bedtime story that he heard from his parents. She asks him what happened to them, and Erik explains how his parents were taken from him. Scott's brother Alex/Havok (Lucas Till) takes him to Xavier's School For Gifted Youngsters with bandages over his eyes to prevent another incident. Scott meets Hank McCoy/Beast (Nicholas Hoult), who is now a teacher, and then bumps into Jean Grey (Sophie Turner), a telepathic mutant. Alex brings Scott to Charles Xavier (James McAvoy). Scott removes his bandages to hit a target, but he ends up splitting a tree that Charles's grandfather planted. Highly impressed, Charles says Scott is enrolled. Meanwhile, Raven brings Nightcrawler to a location where a mutant named Caliban (Tomas Lemarquis) is helping other mutants create fake IDs and passports. Nightcrawler gets his picture taken so that Raven can take him to the U.S. In Egypt, an archeologist named Moira MacTaggert (Rose Byrne) discovers a hidden underground chamber that leads to the resting place of En Sabah Nur. A group of his followers recite a chant that revives him in his fully powered Apocalypse form. The followers are buried by the ensuing explosion, while Moira manages to get out. The explosion triggers an earthquake that can be felt throughout most of the continent and in Europe, including in Erik's workplace, where a large vat of molten metal falls and nearly crushes a man but Erik manages to manipulate it to save the man. At night, the students at school feel that something is wrong. Charles tells them all to stay in their rooms. He goes into Jean's room where he finds she's trembling and moaning. Charles looks inside her head and sees what she is dreaming of: she sees visions of chaos and destruction. Jean awakens and claims she saw the end of the world. She fears her powers, but Charles assures her that her power is great. Back in Egypt, Ororo Monroe/Storm (Alexandra Shipp) uses her power of weather manipulation to create a brief sandstorm that allows her to rob two men. They chase after her, which Apocalypse sees after witnessing her power. He follows the men as they prepare to cut off her hand. Using his own power, Apocalypse decapitates three other men with sand, while he traps the last man within a nearby wall. Elsewhere, Erik tells Magda that they need to leave after feeling he has been exposed. They call for Nina, but she is not in her room or in the yard. Erik hears a noise in the woods, which he and Magda follow. Nina is being held by an officer leading a group of other officers. They confront Erik regarding the incident at the factory, as well as his attack on the White House a decade earlier. He confesses to it and pleads for Nina to be let go. She is released and goes back to her mother. Erik joins the other officers, but Nina yells at the men to not take her father away. The sound of her voice (she's a mutant) causes the birds flying up above to attack the officers. One officer with a bow and arrow accidentally releases it, impaling both Nina and Magda. Erik runs to his family and cries. He takes off Nina's necklace and uses as a high-powered projectile to kill all the men. Charles and Hank go to Cerebro to find out what happened with the earthquake. He locates Moira in Egypt, clearly still in love with her. Charles and Alex take a trip to Langley at the CIA headquarters to visit Moira. She doesn't remember knowing Charles since he wiped her memories, but she still knows who he is. Moira explains that she was investigating En Sabah Nur's whereabouts and history, going into detail about his motives and followers, the Horsemen, and how he would give them special powers to aid him in destroying whatever they wanted. Ororo then brings Apocalypse to her home. She has a poster of Mystique, whom she considers to be her hero. Apocalypse places his hand on the TV to catch himself up on the last few thousands of years. Based on what he's seen, he determines that man has lost his way, and the world must be cleansed in order to be saved. He places his hand on Ororo and gives her powers added strength. Raven brings Nightcrawler to the school. He meets Jubilee (Lana Condor), Jean, and Scott (who now has red-tinted crystal eyeglasses that help him see without hurting anyone). They decide to hang out at the mall and watch "Return of the Jedi." Apocalypse and Storm then go to Caliban's facility to look for more powerful mutants. Caliban draws his gun on Apocalypse, but he turns it and the bullets to dust. As they step closer, Caliban is defended by Psylocke (Olivia Munn), a mutant with her own metal sword and a psychic katana. Clearly impressed, Apocalypse gives her an upgraded power. Psylocke leads Apocalypse and Storm to their next recruit. They find Angel in an abandoned building, where he is drinking and blasting Metallica, clearly not the same fighter he was before. Apocalypse turns his wings into metal with bladed feathers. Peter Maximoff/Quicksilver (Evan Peters) is watching a news report on Magneto. His mother comes downstairs and he pretends to have been playing the video game Mrs. Pac-Man. She knows what he was really watching and why he was watching it. Erik returns to the factory to confront his co-workers since they spoke to the police. He prepares to kill them all until Apocalypse, Storm, Psylocke, and Angel emerge. Apocalypse sinks the men beneath the ground and brings Erik to Auschwitz where he first used his powers and where he lost his family. Apocalypse encourages him to manipulate the metal in the earth, and to use his anger to fuel his energy. Erik begins to destroy the other buildings around him as Apocalypse vows to build a better world. Charles brings Raven, Hank, Alex, and Moira down to Cerebro to locate Erik. Charles finds him as Magneto once again, now having joined Apocalypse and the Horsemen. As Magneto speaks to Charles, Apocalypse sees the opportunity to link his mind to Charles's, which also lets him get into Cerebro and connect to anyone he wants. Apocalypse manipulates officials around the globe to launch all of their nukes into space so that no one, human or mutant, can stop him. Charles is overwhelmed by Apocalypse's power. He orders Alex to destroy Cerebro, which he does. The others pull Charles out of the room, only to encounter Apocalypse and the Horsemen appearing before them. Magneto pulls Charles in his chair and takes him. Alex releases a blast that causes a powerful explosion. Outside, Quicksilver arrives in time to do a power run through the school and evacuate everyone before the entire school is destroyed. However, he failed to save Alex, which Scott finds out about just as he and his friends return. He breaks down at the revelation. A chopper then descends to the ground. Moira approaches them, thinking they are part of another agency, until the leader steps out and removes his mask. It's William Stryker (Josh Helman). His men fire a sonic blast that incapacitates everyone, except for Scott, Jean, and Nightcrawler. Jean manages to keep them hidden by manipulating the mind of one of Stryker's men. Stryker captures Raven, Moira, Hank, and Peter. Nightcrawler teleports himself, Scott, and Jean into their chopper, but he cannot get anyone out because of the electrical lining within. Stryker takes everyone to his facility and traps Moira and the mutants in a room. Hank has re-mutated to Beast since he left his meds at home. Scott, Jean, and Nightcrawler sneak by the guards until they are spotted, forcing Nightcrawler to teleport them again. Simultaneously, Apocalypse brings Charles and the Horsemen to his old home and uses Charles to send a message to everyone on the planet, but Charles manages to get a hidden message to Jean to help her. In the cell, Peter admits to Raven that Magneto is his father, and he was hoping to be able to tell him. The three then come across a room with a chamber that has something locked up, angry and growling. As the guards approach, Jean opens the chamber, unleashing Weapon X ...aka WOLVERINE (Hugh Jackman). He gets his metal claws out and slaughters all the guards until he reaches an exit. Jean stops Wolverine and gently removes his brainwashing mechanism. She taps into his mind and gives him back the memories she could reach. Without a word, Wolverine retreats outside. The three then reach the cell, and Scott blasts the cell door open to release Moira and the mutants. Apocalypse destroys part of Egypt to recreate his own pyramid, and then gets Magneto to manipulate the magnetic poles to cause global destruction. Apocalypse then tells Charles he has the most important role in his plan. He wants to transfer his consciousness into Charles so that he can control everyone on the planet. Moira and the mutants fly toward Cairo to rescue Charles and defeat Apocalypse. Raven tells the others about her old team, and how she and Hank are the only ones left. Jean tells Raven she's a hero, but she doesn't see herself that way. The team reaches Cairo for the showdown. Beast and the young trio prepare for battle while Quicksilver and Raven (morphing into her natural Mystique form) head toward Magneto. She urges the trio to not hold back on their powers. Mystique and Quicksilver reach Magneto in the middle of his destruction, trying to convince him to fight for the good, with Mystique assuring him he has more family than he realizes. Quicksilver is about to tell Magneto of their relation, but he holds it back. Storm, Angel, and Psylocke come down and fight. Storm hurls lightning toward Scott, which he deflects with his beams. Psylocke uses her blades against Beast. Angel goes for a rematch with Nightcrawler. Nightcrawler traps Angel and heads into the pyramid to get Charles out in the middle of the transfer process. They and the other heroes make it back into their jet, but Angel and Psylocke reach them and try to break in. Nightcrawler gets everyone out of the jet as it crashes to the ground, killing Angel while Psylocke jumps to safety. An infuriated Apocalypse catches Quicksilver as he uses his super-speed to get some punches in, but Apocalypse traps his foot in the ground and breaks his leg. He orders Psylocke to execute him. Psylocke uses her katana to slash Apocalypse's throat. He grabs her by the neck, revealing Mystique in disguise. Storm watches as Apocalypse is killing her hero. The others are in a building for safety. Charles realizes he is still connected to Apocalypse and decides to fight him in their shared consciousness. Charles initially appears to have the upper hand, but Apocalypse overpowers him and starts trying to kill him. Magneto then turns on Apocalypse after realizing what side he's meant to fight on. As he holds Apocalypse off, Charles reaches Jean and gets her to tap into the fight with her mind. She manages to unleash her full Phoenix Force power to overwhelm Apocalypse. As he weakens, he tries to escape, but Storm uses her lightning to prevent him for leaving. Apocalypse's form deteriorates until he is finally disintegrated. After the battle, Psylocke quietly walks away. The team returns home. Erik and Jean help rebuild the school to its original form. Ororo asks Peter if he'll tell Erik he is Erik's son. He says he will eventually. He and Ororo decide to stick around. Although Charles asks Erik to stay, he chooses to leave, but he remains friends with Charles. Charles then goes to the Danger Room where Mystique is about to train Scott (now Cyclops), Jean, Storm, Quicksilver, and Nightcrawler into becoming true X-Men. A simulation then begins in which the students must battle Sentinels. After the end credits, a team of agents are at Stryker's facility. One man takes a sample of Wolverine's blood and puts it in a briefcase... which belongs to the Essex Corporation.
tt3315342
Action,Drama,Sci-Fi
The theatrical release of Logan was preceded by the short film Deadpool: No Good Deed (2017). Logan (Hugh Jackman), formerly the Wolverine, wakes up in the back of a limo, groggy and disheveled. It's the middle of the night. He stumbles out and finds a Mexican gang trying to vandalize the car. Logan calmly attempts to intervene but one of the gang members blasts him with a shotgun. Coming to a stand, Logan reveals his claws, an act that is evidently painful, but one doesn't extend all the way. He fights the gang, receiving his share of abuse as they beat him down, but manages to brutally maim and kill most of them before the rest run away. The year is 2029. Looking no older than 50, Logan has still aged to over 170 years and is no longer the same fighter he once was. The adamantium in his body is slowly killing him. As a result, his body aches, it takes longer for him to heal, and he coughs up blood on occasion. Mutants are on the brink of extinction and no new ones have been born in 25 years. Logan now makes a living driving for a limo service in El Paso, Texas under his birth name, James Howlett. He also carries an adamantium bullet with him in case he ever decides to end it all. While he waits for a client at a funeral, he is approached by a woman named Gabriela Lopez (Elizabeth Rodriguez). She claims to know who he is and asks for his help, but Logan turns her away. Gabriela drives off as a young girl in the back seat stares at Logan. One morning a man enters Logan's limo, introducing himself as Donald Pierce (Boyd Holbrook). He appears to know much about Logan, saying he's aware of his unofficial participation in the killing of the gang members and alludes to Logan's side job as caretaker for one Charles Xavier just south of the border. Pierce says he knows Logan was contacted by a person of interest and claims that he only wants what Gabriela has; something she took from him. He hands Logan a card and tells him to call when he finds Gabriela again. The card reads that Donald is head of security at 'Alkali-Transigen', a biotechnological corporation. Logan drives off, furious. Logan heads into Mexico to an abandoned plant where he and the clairvoyant mutant Caliban (Stephen Merchant), an albino psychic, are taking care of Xavier (Patrick Stewart). Charles has been reduced to a shell of his former self, crippled and suffering from a degenerative brain disease which produces seizures. Thanks to his mutation, the seizures produce staggering psionic blasts which paralyze anyone within reach. Logan must administer a special serum to keep Xavier's episodes under control, though the doses often leave him confused and senile. Xavier has become broken since the loss of his school and fellow X-Men some time ago and says that Logan is just waiting for him to die. Logan argues with Caliban about obtaining enough medicine for Xavier. Caliban explains that it's hard caring for Xavier, especially when Logan won't communicate about his own needs which are more than evident to the albino. Logan storms off. Later he receives a notification for two passengers and drives to a motel. There, he comes across Gabriela again with the young girl whom Gabriela says is her 11 year old daughter, Laura (Dafne Keen). She offers Logan $50,000 to help them reach a place called 'Eden' in North Dakota en route to Canada before handing him an envelope with coordinates written on it and $20,000 inside. Logan reluctantly agrees and heads home to prepare. There, he tells Xavier that their dream of leaving and buying a boat may actually become reality. However, when he returns to the motel, he finds that Gabriela has been murdered and Laura is missing. Logan takes Gabriela's cell phone and finds she was in the process of sending him a text telling him to hurry as they've been found. Logan returns home, dejected, but is stunned to find that Laura has stowed away in the trunk of his limo. Xavier excitedly hosts the young girl and tries to convince Logan that she needs their help. However, Logan correctly predicts that she'll be found and, soon enough, Pierce comes knocking at their door. Logan claims Laura is not there and, when Pierce persists, Laura throws a pipe at his head, knocking him out. Logan tells Caliban to take Pierce out into the desert and leave him there. Caliban dresses heavily to protect his sensitive skin from the sun and carts Pierce's body away, but a squad of elites from Transigen, the Reavers, arrive. They pick up Pierce and capture Caliban. The Reavers return to the plant and two enter to retrieve Laura, who is calmly eating a bowl of cereal, while Logan and the others wait outside. They all hear commotion from inside, including screams and gunfire. Laura appears, throwing the head of one of the Reavers at Pierce's feet. She then steps forward, producing two adamantium claws from her hands and one from her feet and viciously attacks the Reavers. A stunned Logan finally helps her fight and flees the scene in the limo with Xavier and Laura in the backseat. Caliban is taken by the Reavers and tortured with sunlight in order to get him to use his powers to track the trio. Logan demands to know who Laura is and Xavier responds that she is very much like him. Logan looks through Gabriela's phone for clues and finds a video which reveals that she used to work for Transigen in the genetics department. However, the phone dies before the video can finish. They stop at a convenience store to stock up on supplies. The clerk (Dave Davis) attempts to stop Laura from shoplifting some chips and sunglasses but she easily flips him over and nearly claws him before Logan intervenes, saying "Not okay". He then takes a phone charger and cigar and leaves. That night, as the phone charges, Logan watches the rest of Gabriela's video. She had documented her role as a nurse in the genetic experimentation of new mutant children, led by Dr. Zander Rice (Richard E. Grant), with the intention of turning them into super soldiers. Using DNA from known mutants, most of whom were deceased, the children were conceived and born to anonymous mothers who would not be missed. The children, including Laura, were dubbed X-23 and raised under harsh conditions. Simple pleasures, such as birthdays, were frowned upon. The experiment was deemed a failure due to the fact that the children sustained too much emotion and often refused to follow orders. With the introduction of X-24, it was decided the children would be terminated. Rather than see them killed, Gabriela helped orchestrate an escape and the location of Eden was designated as a safe point so the children could live free in Canada. In the video's final moments, Gabriela admits that she is not Laura's mother but loves her all the same. Addressing Logan, she apologizes for lying about the total fee that she would pay him but hopes that, as her biological father, he will keep her safe. The trio enter Oklahoma City and take residence in a hotel where Logan discovers that Laura has been reading an X-Men comic book. He finds that the coordinates to Eden are included in the book and is convinced that the whole trip is a charade. Angry, he confronts Laura to Xavier's disdain and tells her the X-Men stories she's been reading are fantasized and that Eden does not exist. Logan leaves Xavier and Laura in their room and goes downstairs where he sees that the Reavers have followed them. Suddenly, everyone becomes paralyzed and Logan realizes Xavier is suffering another seizure. Having ever been the only one to partially resist the effects, Logan struggles to make it back to the room where some of the Reavers have already found Laura and Xavier. Logan kills them all before injecting Xavier with his serum, ending the paralysis, and the three escape in a new vehicle. On the road, a report goes over the incident in Oklahoma City and relates the similarity to an event that occurred in Westchester one year prior, but Logan turns off the radio. They are nearly run off the road by a robotic freight truck and swerve to avoid a pickup hauling a trailer full of horses. Xavier convinces Logan to help and uses his telepathic powers to bring the horses back. The driver introduces himself as Will Munson (Eriq La Salle) accompanied by his wife Kathryn (Elise Neal) and son Nate (Quincy Fouse). Logan then helps push their pickup out of a ditch. Kathryn offers Logan and his 'family' to have dinner with them which Xavier happily accepts. Logan is eager to leave immediately after dinner but Kathryn offers them to spend the night as it's late. Logan only agrees for Xavier's sake and carries him upstairs to bed. Seeing that their water supply has been tampered with, Will goes out to investigate and Logan tags along. They find and fix the obvious leak at the pump some distance away and are confronted by a group of thugs led by a man who owns the land. He harasses Will, saying he's been skimping on payments, but Logan hits one of the thugs in the face with his own rifle and breaks it over his knee, scaring them off. Back at the house, Xavier lies in bed and senses Logan entering the room. He tearfully pleads with him to be patient with Laura, asleep on the floor beside him, and expresses regret and remorse over what happened a year ago. It is implied that Xavier suffered a massive seizure at his school in Westchester which resulted in the deaths of most of the X-Men. He apologizes but Logan pushes his claws through Xavier's chest. Laura attacks in Charles' defense and the attacker turns out to be a clone of Logan, the X-24. The mutant abducts Laura and slaughters Nate and Kathryn. Upon returning, Will is struck down by the X-24 and Logan rushes upstairs to get Xavier who is just barely alive. Logan consoles him, "It wasn't me", as he carries him downstairs. Outside, the Reavers wait with Pierce and Dr. Rice. Caliban is confined in a surveillance van. The thugs who abused Will before arrive at the house in retaliation for their earlier humiliation but X-24 kills them all. Logan sets Xavier down in the bed of a pickup truck. Charles utters the name of their boat and dies. Bereaved, Logan engages X-24 in a furious fight. Meanwhile, Caliban fights back against his captors and sets off two grenades, muttering the phrase his mother once told him: "Beware the light." The van explodes and Pierce is thrown out while Rice escapes. Logan is nearly overpowered by the X-24 until Will rams into the mutant with his truck, pinning him against some farm equipment. Will repeatedly shoots X-24 with a shotgun and then turns the gun on Logan. However, it's out of bullets and Will collapses, dead. Logan retrieves Laura and takes her with Xavier's body and drives away. The following morning, Dr. Rice and his crew take care of the scene and inject X-24 with an agent to help him heal. Logan buries Charles in an unmarked grave in the woods while Laura watches. Afterwards, he goes back to their truck and begins smashing it in fury before passing out. Later, Logan wakes up in a clinic. The doctor (James Handy) tells Logan he knows he's a mutant and says he wants to help him, aware that the adamantium in his body is killing him. Logan refuses and leaves with Laura. He begrudgingly thanks her and she finally speaks by responding 'you're welcome' in Spanish. Logan is perplexed as to why she never spoke before, but Laura begins rattling in Spanish the names of her friends from Transigen. She tells Logan they must meet up with them in Eden and presses him with such persistence that Logan finally concedes, but only to prove Eden doesn't exist. The two just barely make it and Logan is drained to the point of unconsciousness, so much that Laura had to drive the remaining miles there. At a cliff, a lift is dropped for Logan so they can ascend and he and Laura are finally able to rest along with the remaining children led by Rictor (Jason Genao). The kids prank Logan by shaving his beard in his sleep to more closely resemble how he looked in his youth, but Logan is not amused. Rictor gives Logan a serum that was used on them in Transigen to help him re-energize and heal, but he warns Logan not to use it all at once. Logan then tells Laura that he's done his job in delivering her to Eden and emotionally explains that everyone he cares about dies and it's better he leaves. Laura bitterly responds that she should be fine, then. In the morning, the children are gone and Logan is about to leave when he sees that the Reavers have caught up to them, tracking the children. Logan runs to intercept them as the Reavers pick off the children one by one. Despite using their powers, the children are outnumbered. Injecting all of the healing agent at once, Logan kills most of the Reavers and confronts Dr. Rice who has rounded up the children and is holding them at gunpoint. Rice reveals that he is actually the son of the man killed by Wolverine when he escaped the Weapon X project. Rice admits responsibility for the extinction of mutants thanks to a virus developed by Transigen that was seeped into food supplies. Before he can continue, Logan shoots him dead in a desperate move and goes after Pierce. However, X-24 is released and Logan fights his clone once more. Seeing that Pierce is in complete control of X-24, the children gang up on him and use their collective powers (electrocution, freezing, plant manipulation, etc.) to kill him. As the healing agent in Logan's body wears off, he becomes overpowered by his younger clone until X-24 finally impales Logan on a dead tree limb. Laura then uses the adamantium bullet Logan carried with him to blow X-24's head off. She runs to Logan and cuts him down from the tree, but Logan's wounds aren't healing. Logan tearfully tells Laura to run with the others; they're free. She cries, calling him 'Daddy' and Logan responds, "So...this is what it feels like" before he dies. The children bury Logan and raise a cross at the head of the grave as Laura recites from a Western, the movie Shane (1953), that she and Xavier watched in the Oklahoma hotel: "A man has to be what he is, Joey. Can't break the mold. There's no living with the killing. There's no going back. Right or wrong, it's a brand. A brand that sticks. Now you run on home to your mother... you tell her everything's alright. There are no more guns in the valley." The children then leave, their future uncertain but free. Laura takes the cross on Logan's grave and tilts it sideways, to look like an X.
tt1976009
Drama,Horror,Sci-Fi
Before meeting Dr. Victor Frankenstein, then-nameless hunchback Igor (Daniel Radcliffe) worked as a circus clown known as Felix the Clown, and as physician for a traveling circus. Due to his hunchback, everyone treats him poorly, but Igor is very smart and draws beautifully detailed pictures of human anatomy in his spare time. While performing in London, an aerialist named Lorelai (Jessica Brown Findlay) falls from her trapeze. Victor and Igor rush to her aid, and Igor impresses the doctor by saving Lorelei's life. That night the circus owner locks Igor in a cage for drawing portraits of himself and Victor. Victor liberates Igor, and most of the circus performers chase them. One dies in the melee. Back at his townhouse/laboratory, Victor deduces that the hunch on Igor's back is a cyst. He drains it and puts Igor in a harness to correct his posture: Igor can stand for the first time in his life. Victor descends to his basement laboratory, leaving Igor to clean himself up. The next morning Inspector Turpin (Andrew Scott) and his colleague Alistair investigate the murder of the circus worker. Turpin discovers Igors sketches and a bag that Victor dropped the night before: it contains a lions paw. Turpin turns the sketches into wanted posters: the men are wanted for murder. Turpin tells Alistair he believes neither Igor nor Victor killed the circus performer. However, over the past several months, a mysterious man matching Victor's description has been buying and stealing animals parts all over London. Turpin, a devout man, believes Victor is up to something blasphemous. Later, Igor finds the hospital where Lorelei was taken. He pays a maid to look after Lorelei. On his way back to Victors townhouse, he sees the wanted posters and panics. When Victor returns home from college, he assures Igor that the authorities are looking for a hunchbacked clown, not the new Igor. Victor tells Igor his life's work is to reverse death's permanence. He shows Igor his latest experiment: the eyes of a man who died months ago. By preserving the eyes in a conductive liquid and attaching them to electric wires, he can reanimate them by flipping a switch. The eyes come to life, and Igor corrects a mistake Victor made. Victor is impressed and grateful. Victor and Igor embark on reanimating different organs: lungs, a heart, etcetera. Weeks pass, and Lorelei finds a benefactor, so her life also improves. After Igor reanimates a pair of lungs, Victor takes him to a high-society soiree. Victor becomes drunk and makes a nuisance of himself with his friends. Igor sees Lorelei. At first she does not recognize him, but when she does, she greets him warmly. She now masquerades as the mistress of a gay baron. Victor interrupts their reunion and behaves rudely towards Lorelei. Although he intrigues her by talking about the reversal of death, she much prefers Igor. At the end of the night, Victor warns Igor about becoming too close to Lorelei, calling her a distraction. Soon thereafter, Victor takes Igor into his basement laboratory and shows him Gordon: the corpse of a gruesome chimpanzee-hybrid, made up parts he stole or purchased from zoos. Thanks to Igor's innovations, Victor now believes he can reanimate Gordon by charging him with electricity. Igor's confusion turns to absolute shock when Victor shocks Gordon and brings the creature back to life. The next day, Victor presents Gordon and his experiment to at his college. Few people attend the lecture, and the audience includes Lorelei (whom Igor invited) and Finnegan (Freddie Fox), Victors snobbish wealthy classmate. Initially, Victor cannot resuscitate Gordon, much to Finnegan's sneering delight. Lorelei looks disgusted by the proceedings. When Victor beats his equipment, however, the machinery shocks Gordon again, reviving him. Gordon goes berserk and tries to attack Igor and Lorelei. He escapes the classroom, so Igor chases him through the building. Eventually Igor corners Gordon in a stairwell, and when the two topple over the banister, they also plummet to their deaths. Victor finds them and pulls them to safety, though. At Igor's existence, he crushes Gordon's head, ending his second life. Later, Turpin arrives at the college to inspect the damage Gordon inflicted. Finnegan visits Victor and Igor at Victors townhouse. He commissions them to resurrect a human. Igor wants nothing to do with Finnegan, but Victor overrules him. Later, Turpin and Alistair pay them a visit. Turpin takes Victor to task for his experiment with Gordon. He wants to search the doctors home, but Victor tells him to get a legal warrant. Turpin and Victor clash over God and religion -- Victor disdains Turpin's Christianity -- and part on very bad terms. The next day, Igor meets Lorelei for a walk through the bustling streets of London. She tells him how uneasy Victors experiments make her: she believes Victor goes too far. Igor finds it difficult to chastise Victor because he believes he owes everything he has become to the doctor. Lorelei disagrees; Igor has always been kind and brilliant. Igor agrees he will speak to Victor. When he returns to the townhouse, he meets Mr. Frankenstein (Charles Dance), the doctors father. Mr. Frankenstein has come to inform his son that he has been expelled from the college. Igor overhears him tell Victor that now he has ruined his own life as opposed to that of his brother. Mr. Frankenstein's insults devastate Victor, and Igor decided not to voice his concerns. Instead, he snaps Victor out of his melancholy by pointing out that his sketches of Prometheus (the reanimated corpse) are too small. In order to make a reanimated body that can sustain a charge, they need to build a very large human. Victors enthusiasm returns. He and Igor believe that if they put two hearts and two sets of lungs into Prometheus and revive him via lightning, they could reanimate him. Igor sees Victors pocket watch and asks if it belonged to someone he loved. Victor and Igor work feverishly on building Prometheus. One night Igor goes to a dance with Lorelei. They have a wonderful time, and she takes him upstairs for some privacy. They spend the night together. Meanwhile, Turpin's rage towards Victor grows. The following morning, when Igor returns from Lorelei's party, he finds Turpin and a gang of policemen trying to break down the front door of Victor's townhouse. Igor sneaks and side and tells Victor they need to run. Victor has sent for one of Finnegan's carriages, but he wants to destroy his machines before they leave. Turpin sneaks in behind Igor and pulls a gun on the two men. Victor manages to knock him into one of his machines, and Turpin screams in agony as his hand is caught in a heavy gear. Victor and Igor escape through an underground passage and flee in Finnegan's carriage. Turpin bursts from Victors house, having lost his hand and an eye, just in time to see the Finnegan family crest on the carriage. Finnegan doesn't seem to mind that Victor and Igor are wanted by the police. He sends them to his family's castle in Scotland. When Igor refuses to go, Victor turns on him. He insults Igor, claiming Igor will never be accepted by society on his own. As Igor watches his former mentor leave, Finnegan's men sneak up behind him. They throw a bag over his head and bind his hands and legs. Finnegan has them throw Igor off of Westminster Bridge, explaining that he wants his family to control Victor's life-giving technology. He needs to clean up loose ends. Igor manages to untie his feet and swim to the surface. He goes to Lorelei, who nurses him back to health. After he recovers, Igor realizes he has Victor's watch. Victor told Igor that, as a child, he and his older brother went outside to play in the snow. A blizzard blew in without warning, and his brother Henry died. Victor has always felt responsible for taking his brother's life. Igor decides to go to Scotland to stop Victor's experiment, and Lorelei insists upon traveling with him. When Igor and Lorelei arrive at Finnegan's isolated castle, they encounter an army of guards. Lorelei distracts them while Igor sneaks past them. When Lorelei tries to leave, Turpin materializes out of nowhere. He didn't have a warrant to search Victor's home and was fired. He is desperate to stop Victors Satanic work. Inside the castle, Victor and Finnegan prepare for Prometheus's resurrection. A lightning storm brews and they have strapped the body into a cage attached to electrical wires. When Igor tries to stop Victor, Victor dismisses him. Turpin also manages to sneak into the castle in time to see lightning strike the body. Slowly, but unmistakably, the chest rises and falls. Finnegan and Victor rejoice, but when more lightning strikes the tower, the machinery explodes. Finnegan falls to his death. Turpin draws a gun on Victor, but both men are distracted when they realize Prometheus's cage is empty. Victor declares that there is no God, only man. Victor, Turpin, and Igor see Prometheus standing across the tower. Victor runs over to it while Turpin threatens to shoot. The creature moves slowly and does not react to Victor. The doctor quickly realizes what a mistake he has made: he has not created life at all. Turpin shoots Prometheus, and it attacks Victor in a rage. When Turpin continues to shoot Prometheus, it kills him. Igor jumps into the fray and stabs Prometheus through the heart with a spike. The creature collapses, but Victor reminds Igor that Prometheus has two hearts. It roars back to life just as Igor stabs its second heart. Igor collapses out of exhaustion. When he awakens the next morning, Lorelei stands over him. She has a letter from Victor. Victor figures that Igor has had enough of him. He apologizes for being cruel to Igor but also calls Igor his finest creation. Lorelei and Igor embrace. Somewhere in the Scottish countryside, Victor sets out on a new adventure.
tt2561572
Comedy,Crime
The film starts with James King (Will Ferrell) crying hysterically. One month earlier. James was an extremely wealthy hedge fund manager, engaged to his gorgeous gold-digging fiancee Alissa (Alison Brie). His car washer, Darnell Lewis (Kevin Hart) is married to Rita (Edwina Findley Dickerson) and trying to put their daughter Makayla (Ariana Neal) in a better school away from the bad neighborhood they live in. James meets Darnell when the latter accidentally frightens James in the parking lot because he assumed Darnell was going to rob him, when he just wanted to give him his keys. James makes a speech about how he got to his success, and to inspire Darnell to go for his. He pulls out a big wad of cash, only to pull out two singles as a "tip" for Darnell. Alissa hosts an engagement party for herself and James. She gives him an electric guitar as a gift, and she invites John Mayer up onstage to perform. James performs alongside Mayer momentarily until the cops storm in and arrest James for fraud and embezzlement. James's lawyer Peter Penny (Greg Germann) urges James to go for a guilty plea, but he refuses and insists that he will be exonerated. Instead, everybody that lost money in the embezzlement scheme is out for James's head. The judge finds him guilty and sentences James to ten years at San Quentin, with only 30 days to get his affairs in order. His assets are frozen and he is placed under house arrest. He cuts off the ankle bracelet and tries to flee the country. He drives to a country club to get Alissa to go with him, but she says she has left him and decided to move on. The police then show up and get James. James asks his boss and Alissa's father Martin (Craig T. Nelson) for help. James encounters Darnell once more in the parking lot, expressing his fears over going to prison. He asks Darnell how he managed in prison, simply assuming he was incarcerated because he is black. An outraged Darnell reminds James that he will most likely be made somebody's bitch once he gets to prison. With that in mind, James begs Darnell to teach him how to toughen up if he wants to survive in prison. Darnell demands payment in the form of $30,000. James agrees to this. Darnell, who has little idea of how to act tough himself (he gets smacked after calling Rita a bitch), tries to put on a facade of his own to convince James that he can show him how to prepare himself. He calls up his cousin who did go to prison and asks him what went down. To start his "training", Darnell pepper-sprays James upon arriving at his home. He tries to get James to become intimidating with his "mad dog" face, but James can only "sad dog" it. Darnell tests James in fighting back by creating scenarios in which he must defend himself. He makes James pick fights at the park, only for James to get his ass kicked multiple times. James gets in touch with Martin and says he's getting help. Martin, who is the actual crook, thinks James is onto him and orders his lawyer and a hired gun named Gayle (Paul Ben-Victor) to take care of business. With little time left and even less improvement, Darnell figures that James has to learn how to perform oral sex in prison. They go to a gay hook-up spot for James to find a man to suck off. He can't go through with it and tells Darnell (in front of the other curious and interested gay men) that he will keep going and do whatever it takes to get hard. They leave as the men applaud them. James starts to work out harder and faster. He starts to make shivs just in case, and he keeps one in his anus just in case. Darnell simulates a prison raid with the help acting as inmates. In the chaos, James gets a shiv stuck in his head. Darnell drives James to his home for Rita to get the shiv out. He has dinner and listens to Darnell make up a story of how he went to prison (he just retells "Boyz N The Hood"). Rita asks Darnell why he can't just find the real criminal to help James. Mere days before his incarceration, James and Darnell resolve for James to join a local gang, the Crenshaw Kings, to protect him in prison. James dresses in a ridiculous outfit that gets unwanted attention. Darnell's cousin Russell (T.I.) runs the gang and isn't convinced that James can pay him and knows that Darnell is lying about prison. James does help the gang gain interest in finance and stocks. Darnell drives James to a bar where the Allegiance of Whites gang is. James is unable to be a convincing racist, leading the white supremacists to think he's a cop. They nearly burn his face with a motorcycle tire until Darnell rescues him by bursting in with a flamethrower. Darnell realizes James is innocent and they conclude that Martin is the crook. They sneak into his home and find the embezzlement records on Martin's old computer. Unfortunately, Gayle finds them and takes the computer back after telling James that Darnell has a clean record and never actually went to prison. James feels betrayed and leaves the garage. James returns to the Crenshaw Kings with the intention of joining. For his initiation, they want him to kill someone. Darnell arrives in time to stop him and convince him to catch Martin and expose him. The two find Martin's yacht and sneak on board. They grab the computer, only to come across Gayle and more hitmen. James unleashes a series of capoeira moves on the goons whole Darnell protects the computer. Martin comes out and confesses to the crime, while Alissa steps out and admits that she got in on the scheme. The guys try to get out on the life raft until Gayle shoots it out. James pulls out a gun he kept in his ass and aims it at Gayle until the cops show up just in time. Martin, Gayle, and Peter Penny are all arrested. James is arrested for stupidly pulling out the concealed weapon, but he only serves six months. He helps the police return the stolen money and decides to give Darnell money to expand his car wash business. In the final scene, after the six months are up, Darnell goes to pick James up from prison.
tt1674771
Comedy
The film starts with Johnny "Drama" Chase (Kevin Dillon), Eric "E" Murphy (Kevin Connolly), and Sal "Turtle" Assante (Jerry Ferrara) riding a motorboat to a yacht party for their buddy Vincent Chase (Adrian Grenier). Vince has just been separated from his wife after nine days of marriage and is already dating Nina Agdal. The guys talk about a new project for Vince. He calls up his former agent-turned-studio head Ari Gold (Jeremy Piven). Ari offers Vince the project, but Vince says that he wants to direct the film too. Ari is left silent. After an opening credits sequence (not unlike that of the TV series), we see a segment from Piers Morgan eight months later, detailing Vince's directorial debut, "Hyde", which is a new take on "Jekyll and Hyde". Vince has cast Drama in a pivotal supporting role. The segment also adds that E is still managing Vince while Turtle is still his driver. Ari is obviously nervous about having allowed Vince, a big Hollywood actor, to go ahead and take on such a big project for his first-time directing gig. Drama, meanwhile, is confident that he will nab himself an Oscar nomination. The film's production goes over-budget by $15 million. The guys head to the studio to meet with Ari so Vince can ask him for more in addition to the $100 million Ari already gave Vince. Ari doesn't want to do it because he'll have to involve financiers from Texas, but Vince is certain that he needs it to fully complete his vision. As the guys leave the studio, Turtle catches a glimpse of Ronda Rousey. He gets excited and follows her, hoping she will remember him from the one time they met. She stops her car in the middle of the street and grabs a wrench to hit Turtle's car until she recognizes him and Vince, noting that Turtle used to be fat. E meets up at the OB/GYN with his ex-girlfriend Sloan (Emmanuelle Chriqui), who is close to giving birth. He meets T.I. in the waiting room, who is pissed that he's about to have another baby. E is also currently seeing a new girl named Melanie (Sabina Gadecki), though he hasn't told Sloan about her. She finds out when she sees a text from her that says she wants E's cock. Ari is in Texas to meet with the financiers. He chats on FaceTime with his former assistant Lloyd (Rex Lee). Lloyd is getting married and wants Ari to give him away because he has a sour relationship with his dad. Ari groans and hangs up as he pulls up to the home of the financiers, Larsen McCredle (Billy Bob Thornton) and his doofus son Travis (Haley Joel Osment). The two are hesitant in giving Ari more money, but Ari is confident in Vince's work and persuades Larsen to give up the money. He sends Travis back with Ari to ensure things go well. After the movie's rough cut is complete, Vince hosts a screening party, with celebrity guests like Gary Busey, Clay Matthews, Andrew Dice Clay, and Bob Saget, who asks Vince to have sex with his daughter's friends so he won't have to. Drama chats with Jon Favreau for a part in another "Iron Man" movie, which Favreau declines. Ronda also shows up to hang out with Turtle. They walk in on E, hopped up on molly water, having sex with a girl he just met named Paula (Christine Donlon). Ari is upset that he's the only one that didn't get an invite, so he heads to the party himself to view the film anyway. Travis tags along and gets excited when he sees Vince with Emily Ratajkowski, as he has a huge crush on her. He introduces himself to her and comes off like a fool. A nervous Vince backs out and tells everyone that the projector broke, so he saves face by introducing the guests to Pharrell and gets him to perform. He gives Ari a DVD of the film for his own personal viewing. Ari watches the film at home. We see a bumping party in a tunnel where Vince, as the main character, plays the DJ. The cops show up to bust the party, until Vince throws everyone at the party a container of some sort. One person hurls a Molotov cocktail at the cops. Vince takes the serum and morphs into the film's Hyde persona. It then cuts to the next day where Ari has left Vince and the guys with a sweet new ride to show that he absolutely loved the movie, and he even gets E a mini-scooter as a gag. Ari drives to the studio to find Travis parked his car in Ari's spot. Ari leaves his car in front of Ed O'Neill's car, to the actor's dismay. Ari confronts Travis, who tells him that while he liked the movie, he did not like Drama's performance, and he demands that Vince cut Drama from the film. Turtle continues his pursuit of Ronda, but Drama thinks she is only talking to him to expand her brand. He meets with her and starts talking business, only to discover that Ronda actually is interested in him and cooked a meal for them, but she is upset at his behavior and orders him to leave. E joins Sloan at a Lamaze class and admits he still has some interest in her. She invites him to join her for sex until he admits he had sex with two women in the same day. Sloan leaves and E gets a call from Melanie, who says she is pregnant. She tells him to meet her at a restaurant. He walks there until Turtle and Drama spot him and take him there. Paula finds him and sits with him, suggesting she may have given him an STD. Melanie arrives and sits to argue with Paula, until it turns out they know each other and orchestrated the whole thing to see if E was a typical L.A. douchebag. Knowing that Melanie isn't pregnant and that Paula doesn't have a disease, E leaves in high spirits. Ari joins his wife (Perrey Reeves) at an anger management session with Dr. Marcus (Nora Dunn). The couple sees Kelsey Grammer leaving, swearing profusely. Ari has tried to keep his anger under control, but all the pressure from the movie is getting to him. He takes a phone call in the middle of the session to learn that Travis has locked himself in the studio and has kept everyone else out. Ari furiously punches a framed picture of a cat and continues with the meeting. Vince goes to the studio to try and get Travis to come out. He is approached by Mark Wahlberg and his own entourage as Ari shows up to tell Vince that Travis wants to cut Drama out of the picture. Mark says it's messed up and he wouldn't cut any of his family out of his stuff. Vince realizes he has to break the news to Drama himself. Drama is engaging in an affair with a woman he hooked up with at the screening party. They're about to get kinky on their phone cameras until the girl's boyfriend comes in and threatens Drama. Ari's assistant (Scott Mescudi) finds Ari during a meeting and tells him that the studio CEO John Ellis (Alan Dale) wants Ari to see him in his office. He retorts that Ellis should see him in his own office, forcing Ari to head to his office through the studio. He passes David Spade, who is upset that they're releasing "Hyde" on a date where one of his movies is coming out, along with Jessica Alba, who wants Ari to greenlight her passion project and also expresses her disgust at the director of her current project that is taking pictures of her ass. Ari gets to his office before Ellis does and plays hardball regarding the movie. However, Ellis still takes him off the project and replaces him. Vince finds his friends and tells them about their problem. Without saying a word, Drama realizes that HE is the problem. This sends him into a depression. He's drinking in the car on the way to a meeting with Travis. Vince and E speak with Travis, who admits he hated Vince in the movie. This throws everybody for a loop. Ari realizes something is up. He goes to meet with Travis, and realizes it's something personal, but he doesn't know what. Over lunch later, Vince confesses to the guys he's dating Emily Ratajkowski, and the guys realize that's why Travis is pissed. Drama goes to another audition, only for the casting directors to not pay attention to him because they see a viral video of Drama masturbating furiously, which the girl's boyfriend uploaded in retaliation. Drama is unable to escape the mockery wherever he goes. The guys join Turtle as he goes to the gym to apologize to Ronda for how he acted. She challenges him to a cage match to prove he really wants to go out with her. Turtle asks if 30 seconds will get him a date with her, to which Ronda says she'll have sex with him if he lasts a full minute. Ronda knocks Turtle on his ass and snaps his arm, right as the clock ticks 30 seconds. Ari flies to meet with Larsen, Ellis, Travis, and his old friend Dana Gordon (Constance Zimmer). He confronts the McCredles and says that the only reason Travis is slamming the movie is because he hates Vince, and it's because he's jealous of the time he spends with Emily. Apparently, Travis stayed outside her house one night to see if Vince would show up. Larsen is disappointed in his son and orders Travis to stay outside for the meeting. Ari gives Larsen a DVD of the movie, with Dana adding that she thinks it's amazing. Larsen says he trusts the studio because they do good work, but he won't give them anymore money unless Ari is fired. He says it's because he treated Travis poorly. He tells Ari that even if his son is a buffoon, he still wishes people would at least pretend to respect him. This seems to resonate with Ari, who realizes he screwed up. Sloan's waters break, and the guys go to the hospital for the birth of E's child. E tells Sloan that he still loves her. She gives birth to a healthy baby girl that they name Ryan Murphy (yes, after THAT Ryan Murphy). Drama forgets about his woes once he learns that E's daughter was born. He joins the gang at the hospital to celebrate. While there, Vince gets a phone call from Piers Morgan asking for a comment about the recent resignation of Ari as studio head. Ari arrives at the hospital room at the same time. On their way out of the hospital, Ari explains his resignation as a way to save dignity, as they were going to fire him anyways. He explains that he turned down a hefty severance package in exchange for a share of the profits from Vince's movie. He believes in the movie, and is proud of Vince and his entourage. We move to months later at the Golden Globe Awards, where we learn from Maria Menounos and Matt Lauer that "Hyde" is a worldwide box office success, and it's garnered 4 nominations, including Best Picture and two acting nominations for Vince and Drama. Ari is interviewed and says he is up for another job at another studio, so he's doing just fine. As the show starts, Vince, E, Drama, Turtle, and Ari all head in together. Before the end credits start, Mark is announcing the winner for Best Supporting Actor. To his surprise, the winner is Drama. Drama is stunned, and he goes to accept the award. He is silent for a moment before yelling, "VICTORY!!!" His pals and every other guest cheer for him. In a mid-credits sequence, Ari gives Rex away at his wedding, with all the guys in attendance. During the reception, they get together for a picture. During this time, Turtle pitches the idea of a movie detailing how Vince and his crew came from nothing and made something out of themselves. Ari says it's the dumbest idea ever. Turtle retorts that maybe it could be made into a TV series.
tt2250912
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
The film opens in New York City the Avengers battled the Chitauri. Salvage worker Adrian Toomes (Michael Keaton) is showing his co-worker a drawing that his daughter made of the Avengers in action. They proceed to work on taking apart the Chitauri leviathan and gathering any tech they can get their hands on. Soon, a van from the U.S. Department of Damage Control arrives. Anne Marie Hoag (Tyne Daly) orders Toomes to shut down his operation, and adds that they will be confiscating all of their findings. Toomes protests and even punches a Damage Control agent when he makes a snide remark to him. Hoag then reasserts her demand to Toomes to give up his work. After learning that Tony Stark (Robert Downey, Jr.) is behind Damage Control, Toomes gathers three of his co-workers - Jackson Brice (Logan Marshall-Green), Herman Schultz (Bokeem Woodbine), and Phineas Mason (Michael Chernus) - to continue their work in gathering Chitauri tech regardless of what they are told. Eight years later, Toomes and his guys are still at it, with Toomes using his Vulture suit to bring in a bag of Chitauri power core. Meanwhile, Peter Parker (Tom Holland) is recording a video log as he travels to Berlin with Happy Hogan (Jon Favreau) for what is really Tony recruiting Peter to help him during the events of "Civil War". Happy shows off the new Spider-Man suit that Tony made for Peter, which he gets super excited about. He later records his fight alongside Iron Man and everyone on his loyalist side during the airport fight against Captain America and the other Avengers. Tony then brings Peter home in his limo, leaving him eager for their next mission. Two months later, Peter is still waiting to hear back from Happy over any new missions. He goes back to being a normal student at Midtown High School. Peter makes plans with his best friend Ned (Jacob Batalon) to build a Lego Death Star. Peter also has a crush on a senior named Liz (Laura Harrier) and is frequently taunted by snotty rich kid Flash Thompson (Tony Revolori). When not at school, Peter continues going around the city as Spider-Man to help people as well as fight crime. Peter refers to his Spidey work as the Stark internship, and as a result, he quits his school's decathlon team. While at school, Peter secretly creates new web fluid for his shooters. One night, Spidey catches four crooks with Avengers masks trying to rob a bank using high-tech equipment. Spidey shows up and fights the criminals, until one of them uses a device that emits a powerful blast, blowing up not only the bank, but also the bodega across the street. Spidey rushes over to save the owner of the bodega (and his cat). Peter quietly returns to his room through his window while not trying to let Aunt May (Marisa Tomei) know that he was out. He crawls across the ceiling and comes down to find Ned sitting on his bed, holding the completed Lego Death Star. He drops it and it breaks upon Ned's discovery that Peter is Spider-Man. Ned is shocked but also thrilled. Peter forces him to keep it a secret. Peter later goes with May to dinner. May is trying to get the silent Peter, and Peter admits that he's been tired out from the "Stark Internship," with May admitting to not being a fan of Stark. They see footage of the bank robbery, and May warns Peter not to go anywhere near that type of chaos in the city. The entire next day at school, Ned asks Peter questions about being Spider-Man. They even watch a PSA from Captain America (Chris Evans) during gym, and Peter briefly mentions fighting him. The boys then hear Liz talking to her friends about how she's got kind of a crush on Spider-Man, leading Ned to blurt out in front of everyone that Peter knows Spider-Man. Liz then invites Peter and Ned to a party at her house so that Peter can try to invite Spider-Man. The boys attend the party, and almost instantly, Ned tries to get Peter to change into his Spider-Man outfit. Peter doesn't want to until Flash starts pestering him. He goes to change, but then sees an explosion in the distance. He goes to investigate and finds Brice and Schultz selling Chitauri tech to a local gangster named Aaron Davis (Donald Glover). Peter's cell goes off when Ned tries to call him, making Brice and Schultz think Aaron was setting them up. Spidey intervenes and tries to fight the crooks. He chases them until Vulture swoops down and grabs Spidey. He drops him into the river as he gets tangled in his parachute. Iron Man then comes down and saves Spidey, finding out where he was because of a tracker in his suit. Tony is not in the suit as he is basically calling Peter, but he tells him to stay out of crime-fighting for his own good. Peter considers returning to the party, but Ned has him hear on the phone that Flash has everyone mocking Peter. Peter then finds a weapon that one of the crooks left behind. At Toomes's lair, Brice admits to dropping his weapon as he was using his electric gauntlets (calling himself "Shocker"). Fed up with Brice's carelessness, Toomes cuts him from the team, but Brice threatens to spill their secrets to Toomes' wife and the public. Toomes responds by grabbing a powerful gun off Mason's desk and incinerating Brice with it (mistaking an anti-gravity gun for a laser gun). He then gives Schultz the gauntlets so he can be Shocker. With Ned's help, Peter cracks open the weapon to find a power core. He finds Schultz again and places a tracker on him, discovering that he is going to Maryland. To get there, Peter rejoins the decathlon team as they head to D.C. for the Nationals competition. Peter sneaks out and goes to find Schultz as Spider-Man. He catches the villains attempting to hijack a Damage Control truck with more weaponry inside. During his attempt to foil the villains, Spidey is knocked unconscious and wakes up in a Damage Control warehouse, unable to leave because the door is sealed until the morning. Peter talks to the A.I. system in his suit, whom he refers to as Karen (Jennifer Connelly). She helps Peter get a better understanding of how his suit works. He even tells her about his feelings for Liz. He also learns that the power core is basically a bomb that will go off when exposed to radiation. When he realizes he is about to miss the competition, Peter has Karen help him unlock the doors as he rushes to the competition. Peter misses the whole competition, but the team wins thanks to the help of reserved loner Michelle Jones (Zendaya). The team then heads over to the Washington Monument. He calls Ned to warn him about the power core that he was holding, but is unable to get the message through. As Spidey, he rushes to the Monument, but the core goes off in Ned's backpack as the team is riding up the elevator. Spidey climbs up the Monument to save the team, but he can't get in through the window without using great force. The police arrive in choppers and order Spidey to get to the ground. Against their orders, Spidey leaps over the choppers and swings from the bottom. He breaks in and tries to hold the falling elevator with his web, but the weight pulls him down. He is able to hold the web and the elevator as everyone inside climbs out. Liz is the last person and nearly falls with the elevator but Spidey catches her with the web and rescues her. Back in New York, Karen reveals that the Spider-Man suit records everything that Peter has seen. She gets a visual on Aaron, and Spidey later finds him in a parking garage. He attempts to interrogate him to find out why he was trying to get the tech from Toomes's goons. Aaron says he was trying to get them out of his neighborhood. He figures that Spidey is new to being a hero. Aaron tells Spidey that Toomes is meeting to gather more tech at the Staten Island Ferry later that afternoon. On the Ferry, Toomes is meeting with another criminal named Mac Gargan (Michael Mando). Spidey gets a call from Tony, but he lies about what he's up to. Spidey spots Schultz on the boat but sees Toomes and doesn't realize he is Vulture. He swings in and incapacitates Gargan and his goons. Toomes tries to use a weapon on Spidey, but he holds it down with his webbing. This backfires since the weapon becomes unstable and splits the Ferry in half. Spidey then tries to hold the Ferry together with his webbing, but it's not strong enough and it continues to split. As Spidey holds on as much as he can, Iron Man and his little drones show up to put the Ferry back together and save everyone. Spidey retreats to a rooftop. Iron Man finds him and chews him out for not listening to him and lying to him about what he's doing with the suit. Peter then attempts to put the blame on Tony for what happened with the Ferry for not listening to him about the Vulture, but Tony steps out of his suit this time and reveals that he DID in fact listen to Peter, as he sent the FBI on the same Ferry that Toomes was on. He goes on to remind Peter that, while nobody got harmed, if somebody did, it would've been on Peter. Feeling that he's unworthy of it, Tony demands that Peter give him back the Spidey suit. Peter pleads with Tony, saying that he's nothing without the suit, to which Tony says that he doesn't deserve it if he's nothing without it. Peter is failed to convince Tony to let him stay with the suit. He goes home to Aunt May dejectedly. She gets on him for not answering his phone all day, even going to the police to find out where he was. She also knows about him skipping detention at school earlier that day, that he missed out on the Decathlon competition in Washington, AND he sneaks out out of the house every night. Demanding an explanation, he admits to getting fired from the Internship. Peter resumes his life as a student and spends more time with Ned. Peter finds Liz at school and admits to liking her, which she already knew. He then asks her to the homecoming dance, which she accepts. On the night of the dance, Peter goes to pick up Liz, only to learn that her father is none other than...ADRIAN TOOMES. After some awkward photos, Toomes drives Peter and Liz to the dance. As Liz tells Adrian about Peter's background and the events at Washington, he slowly starts putting together the pieces of Peter's circumstances and realizes that he's Spider-Man. Liz leaves the car, and Toomes quietly threatens Peter by telling him to stay out of his business or else he will kill him and anyone he cares about. During the dance, Peter learns that Toomes plans to steal a shipment of weaponry from a plane coming from the Avengers Tower heading to their new headquarters. Peter ditches Liz and rushes to get his homemade Spider-Man suit to stop Toomes. He heads outside and is attacked by Schultz with his gauntlets. Peter tries to reach his web shooter, but Schultz continues to pummel him. He is saved by Ned, and Peter sticks Schultz to a bus with the webbing. Spidey rushes to stop Toomes with Ned being his eyes and ears. Ned tries to get in touch with Happy, but he doesn't care about it and hangs up on him. Spidey finds Toomes in his lair. Toomes attempts to reason with Peter that he's only doing what he believes is necessary and that the world isn't as black and white as the young Peter believes it to be, but it turns out to be a distraction as Toomes unleashes his suit as it flies around the area, destroying support beams and causing a pile of debris to fall on Spidey. Toomes leaves him to die. Peter struggles to lift the rubble off of him and he fears he is going to die. He then remembers Tony's words, he uses all his strength to pull himself out and he'll have to do it all alone without Tony's help. Spidey latches onto Vulture's suit as he intercepts the plane. Toomes tries to gather what he needs, but Spidey foils his plan. Toomes gets in his suit and fights Spidey on the plane. They knock out the turbines, sending the plane toward Coney Island. Spidey is able to maneuver the plane away from the city and onto the beach as it crash-lands. Toomes attempts to get away with the weaponry, but Spidey tries to warn him that they are about to explode. Toomes tries flying away anyway, but the cores blow up and he goes crashing down. Spidey finds Toomes and saves him, but he leaves him next to the rest of the weaponry for Happy and the police to find later, leading to Toomes getting arrested. At school, Peter finds out that Liz is moving to Oregon with her mother while her father is on trial. She is still upset with Peter for leaving her at the dance. She says goodbye to Peter and hopes that he can figure himself out. Peter is back on the decathlon team, and Michelle is made captain. She quickly mentions that her nickname is MJ. Peter then gets a text to go to the bathroom. Happy is there, thanking Peter for what he did. He then tells Peter that Tony wants to see him. Tony and Happy bring Peter to the new Avengers HQ. Tony presents Peter with a brand new Spider-Man suit, telling him that there are reporters behind the wall waiting for a big announcement, meaning Tony is about to officially make Peter a new Avenger. However, Peter turns Tony down, saying he prefers to be a "friendly neighborhood Spider-Man" for now. Peter leaves, and asks Tony if he was testing him and whether or not he passed, and Tony seemingly confirms it adding that there are no reporters. However, Tony is actually surprised that Peter made the mature choice of turning him down, and that there really were a bunch of reporters outside. Pepper Potts (Gwyneth Paltrow) comes out, asking where Peter is. She is frustrated that he walked out, so Happy covers for them by giving Tony a ring so he can propose to Pepper. When Peter gets home, he finds a bag from Tony on his bed. Tony is convinced and has given Peter back the original Spider-Man suit. Peter then proudly puts it on...not realizing Aunt May is behind him, leading her to blurt out "WHAT THE F--". Mid-Credits Scene: Toomes is locked up at The Raft and he runs into Gargan, who mentions that he and other criminals are trying to come together to kill Spider-Man. Gargan then reveals that he heard a rumor of Toomes knowing who Spider-Man is. Toomes denies it, saying Spider-Man would already be dead if he knew. He then leaves Gargan to see Liz and his wife visiting him. After-Credits Scene: Captain America shows up in another PSA talking about patience, and how sometimes being patient leads to things that aren't worth it. He then asks the off-screen director of the PSAs how many more PSA videos he has to work on.
tt2555736
Comedy,Drama
The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel 2 (or The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel) is the expansionist dream of Sonny Kapoor, and its making more claims on his time than he has available, considering his imminent marriage to the love of his life, Sunaina. Sonny has his eye on a promising property now that his first venture, The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel for the Elderly and Beautiful, has only a single remaining vacancy posing a rooming predicament for fresh arrivals Guy and Lavinia. Evelyn and Douglas have now joined the Jaipur workforce, and are wondering where their regular dates for Chilla pancakes will lead, while Norman and Carol are negotiating the tricky waters of an exclusive relationship, as Madge juggles two eligible and very wealthy suitors. Perhaps the only one who may know the answers is newly installed co-manager of the hotel, Muriel, the keeper of everyone's secrets. As the demands of a traditional Indian wedding threaten to engulf them all, an unexpected way forward presents itself.
tt3065204
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
Amityville, Long Island, New York, 1975 Ed and Lorraine Warren (Patrick Wilson and Vera Farmiga) are sitting with the Lutz family in the infamous Amityville home. A year earlier, Ronald DeFeo, Jr. murdered his family with a shotgun, and the Lutz family claims to have been experiencing paranormal phenomena. The Warrens conduct a seance, in which Lorraine has a vision where she sees herself in Ronald's position on the night of the murders. She watches herself committing the acts, first with Ronald's parents, and then his three siblings. Lorraine then encounters a demonic creature taking the form of a nun, followed by a man dying. Lorraine screams, and Ed pulls her out of the vision and comforts her. Three years later in Enfield, England. Janet Hodgson (Madison Wolfe) is sitting outside the school with her friend Camilla (Emily Tasker) as Camilla smokes a cigarette. She passes it to Janet right before a teacher walks outside and scolds the girls for smoking. She confiscates the cigarette and takes a puff. Janet lives with her older sister Margaret (Lauren Esposito), younger brothers Johnny (Patrick McAuley) and Billy (Benjamin Haigh), and their mother Peggy (Frances O'Connor). The Hodgsons are struggling financially, the children's father left them for a neighbor woman, and Billy has a speech impediment that gets him bullied at school. Peggy has self-doubts as a single parent. At night, Janet and Margaret are sleeping in their room, when Janet begins to feel a disturbing presence. It sounds as though she's speaking to herself, but then she begins responding with a growling, raspy voice that claims "This is my house!" Margaret thinks Janet is fooling around, until she stands by Margaret's bed, and the voice of an older man behind Margaret repeating the statement. Margaret turns the light on and finds nobody behind her. She decides to sleep with the light on. Back in the States, the Warrens are on a talk show to discuss the Amityville case. The other guest on the show dismisses the case as a hoax before criticizing Lorraine's supposed clairvoyance. This enrages Ed, leading to him arguing with the other man. Lorraine calms him down backstage. Janet and Billy play with a turntable based on the tune of "There Was a Crooked Man". As the children go to bed, Janet ties her arm to the bed. She ends up on the floor of the living room with no idea as to how she got down there. Billy walks around the house, when he sees a toy firetruck on the floor. He rolls it into a tent in the hallway, but moments later, the truck rolls into Billy's room. He goes back outside and rolls it into the tent, at which point a booming groan is heard. Billy runs to his mother's room while Margaret hears a pounding at her door. She opens it and sees no one outside until Janet returns, denying that she was pounding on the door. The next day, Janet is watching TV, and the channels start changing on their own. The remote has also vanished. Janet goes looking for it and finds it on the chair behind her. A ghostly figure emerges from the corner and growls, "MY HOUSE!" Janet runs back to the couch screaming. That evening, Janet ends up on the floor of her room as though she was thrown. She tells Margaret that there is someone in the house. Before Margaret can dismiss that, their beds start shaking. They scream and run to Peggy's room. She goes to the girls' room and thinks they're playing around, until the girls' dresser is shoved hard against their door. The Hodgsons head over across the street to the home of their neighbors, the Nottinghams. Peggy calls the police to inspect her house. The police find nothing, but they then see a chair sliding across the room on its own, leaving them spooked. At the Warren house, Ed is painting a picture of something he claims to have seen in a dream. It's the same demonic nun that Lorraine saw in her vision. Later, while she sits in the living room with their daughter Judy (Sterling Jerins), a noise is heard in the hallway. Judy goes outside to look. Lorraine finds her staring in horror at the demon nun. Lorraine follows it into the office. She thinks she sees the nun in the darkness, but it's just the painting. However, the demon is still in the room, and it walks up to the painting and makes it come to life. It growls as it runs toward Lorraine, causing her to see the same vision as before, only this time, we see the man who dies - it's Ed, simply saying, "I'm sorry, Lorraine" before a large wooden spike impales him. Lorraine starts screaming and scribbling into her bible before Judy snaps her out of it. People in Enfield become aware of the Hodgson's haunting. Several paranormal researchers get involved, including Maurice Grosse (Simon McBurney) and Anita Gregory (Franka Potente), the latter claiming there is a lack of evidence to suggest the phenomena is truly paranormal. Maurice and a news crew gather in the Hodgson home to interview Janet and Margaret. During the interview, Janet looks uncomfortable, and she begins to speak with the voice of a raspy old man. The entity says its name is Bill Wilkins, who is 72 years old, and demands that everyone leave his home. At the Nottingham home, the children sleep in the living room. While everyone else is asleep, Billy walks through the house and encounters a creature that takes the form of The Crooked Man, reciting the nursery rhyme monstrously and chasing Billy. When he runs to tell his mom and the others, Janet emerges with the creepy voice saying the rhyme. She then lets out a horrifying sound that shatters the glass in the room. She passes out and starts foaming at the mouth. A priest goes to the Warren home and plays an audio recording of the interview for Ed and Lorraine to listen to. The priest asks them to help in this case. Lorraine is hesitant as she explains to Ed the vision she saw of his death. He thinks it's a sign that maybe she is meant to prevent it. They decide to head over to England. The Warrens arrive in Enfield and meet the Hodgsons. Peggy shows Ed the bedroom that is now trashed, and the walls are covered in crosses. They proceed to lock the room with a chain. Lorraine meets Janet outside her house, sitting on the swingset. Janet expresses her sadness that people are avoiding her over the supposed haunting. Lorraine comforts her in saying that maybe one person can help change things, like Ed has for her. Janet says the voice she hears says it wants to hurt Lorraine. The Warrens, along with Maurice and other crew members, gather in the Hodgson living room to try and communicate with the spirit. Janet sits in the chair and starts speaking with the voice of Bill Wilkins once the adults turn their backs to her. Ed pulls out his cross necklace and puts it in front of Janet's face, making Bill sound distressed. He yells something unintelligible before everything seems to calm down. The Warrens talk to the other investigators with the evidence they have. Anita is the most skeptic, thinking Janet is playing some kind of game. Ed also appears to have doubts himself. The Warrens stay with the Hodgsons for the night. Janet finds herself in the bedroom with the crosses. They all start to turn upside down before Janet is attacked by Bill's ghost. Her screams alert the adults, who rush to unlock the door to get Janet out. On another occasion, Peggy brings Ed downstairs to the basement to inspect her water problem that left the basement flooded. Peggy thinks she sees someone behind Ed, but the ghostly vision of Bill is in the water and grabs Peggy. Ed helps her break free. The children take a liking to the Warrens as they maintain their stay. After Peggy notes that her ex-husband took the music from the house, Ed buys an Elvis record for the kids to listen to. Unfortunately, the record player stopped working. Undeterred, Ed picks up a guitar and starts playing "Can't Help Falling in Love With You". He also convinces the kids to never let bullies get them down. Lorraine speaks with Maurice privately. He says they are about to be part of history. Lorraine is uncertain with his comment, but he adds that he lost his daughter years ago and has been hoping to communicate with her in some way if it were possible. On another night, the kids hear noises coming from the kitchen. Johnny decides to investigate to fight this "bully". Margaret then screams as Janet disappears. She pops up in the kitchen with a knife, and the door lock. The adults try to get into the kitchen as things are being thrown around. They find chairs and dishware broken all over the kitchen, but Johnny and Janet are nowhere to be found. They eventually do find Johnny, and Janet is stuck inside an electrical box, speaking another unintelligible message before getting pulled out. Anita shows the Warrens video evidence of Janet herself throwing things in the kitchen to give the appearance of a haunting, making it look more obvious that she was faking. Peggy sends everyone out of the house. Later, as the kids also believe Janet was faking, she tells them that "it" was going to hurt her family if she didn't do what was told of her. The Warrens board the train to head home, even as Lorraine continues to express uncertainty over how it just appeared Janet was faking when a camera was pointed at her. Ed then plays the recordings of Bill's voice, which he realizes are connected. Played together, the messages come out to "Help me! It won't let me go!" Lorraine is then pulled into another vision. She sees the real Bill Wilkins (Bob Adrian) sitting in his chair, no longer threatening. He speaks in a riddle to Lorraine before the demon nun appears behind Bill and takes him away. This leads Lorraine to realize that Bill is just a pawn, and this demon is the true threat. They rush back to the Hodgson home while trying to decipher the riddle. Ed figures that Bill meant to say they need to find the demon's name in order to have power over it. The Warrens return to find the family locked outside the house in the pouring rain. Ed tries to break in through the back. Lightning strikes the tree in front of the house, leaving a sharpened stem that Lorraine recognizes as the thing that kills Ed in her vision. She tries to figure out the demon's name before realizing she already DOES know it. She looks into her bible and sees from her scribbling that the demon's name is Valak. She rushes into the house to go after Ed. Ed is partially blinded when a pipe bursts and sprays steam in his face. He stumbles and is attacked by The Crooked Man before coming across the room where Janet is. She stands by the window as it shatters, leaving her an opening to jump onto the stem. Ed rushes to grab her, just catching her as he holds onto the curtains that are ripping. Lorraine reaches the room and tries to save Ed, but Valak emerges and holds Lorraine back. Lorraine utters the demon's name and condemns it back to Hell. Lorraine runs to save Ed and Janet in the nick of time. Janet is just fine. In the morning, everything has calmed down. Peggy and Janet thank the Warrens for helping them. A brief text is followed that states that the Enfield haunting became one of the most notorious cases in history. Peggy Hodgson continued living in the house for 40 years until she died in the same chair as Bill Wilkins. The Warrens return home. Ed takes the Crooked Man turntable and puts it in his museum (right across from Annabelle, no less). He then hears music playing from upstairs. Lorraine put on "Can't Help Falling in Love With You". The two of them then share a dance.
tt2339741
Drama,Horror,Thriller
When a group of orphaned children are forced to move from their home in London, caretakers Eve (Phoebe Fox) and Jean (Helen McCrory) bring everyone to the desolate and eerie British countryside. 40 years after Arthur Kipps (played by Daniel Radcliffe in the first film, The Woman in Black) left, this supernatural horror film introduces this new group to the now abandoned Eel Marsh House; an odd but seemingly safe location. It isnt long before Eve starts to sense that this house is not what it appears to be as the children in her care begin to disappear. As their house of safety becomes a house of horrors, Eve enlists the help of a handsome pilot (Jeremy Irvine) to help investigate what is happening. Eve soon discovers that it may not be a coincidence that she has come to reside in the house inhabited by the Woman in Black.
tt2719848
Action,Adventure,Biography
The opening text reads that Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay were the first two people to successfully climb Mount Everest. Since then, only hundreds of professionals have attempted to do the same, with one in four dying. Set in the year 1996, Rob Hall (Jason Clarke) gathered his team, Adventure Consultants, to go ahead and climb Everest themselves. Rob meets with his team, including experienced climber Beck Weathers (Josh Brolin), Doug Hansen (John Hawkes), Yasuko Namba (Naoko Mori), and co-guide Andy "Harold" Harris (Martin Henderson). Together, they plan to embark on what they hope will be a successful and adventurous expedition. Six weeks before the initial climb, Rob and his team are in New Zealand ready to depart from the airport. He's with the manager of the base camp, Helen Wilton (Emily Watson), and his friend/co-worker Guy Cotter (Sam Worthington). Rob informs his friends that he booked journalist Jon Krakauer (Michael Kelly) to do an article on them, which he was going to do for another expedition team, Mountain Madness. Rob later explains to his team the dangerous altitudes and temperatures of the Death Zone on Everest, which they hope to get past quick enough before things get really dodgy. Before boarding the plane, Rob says goodbye to his pregnant wife Jan (Keira Knightley). Rob promises to return home for the birth. Jan later sends him a message to let him know that they'll be having a girl. The expeditions make it to the bottom of the mountain before heading on up toward the base camp. There, Rob runs into Scott Fischer (Jake Gyllenhaal), the leader of Mountain Madness. He's a bit peeved at Rob for getting Jon to move to their expedition, but is still on fine terms. Later, Rob introduces the team to the camp's doctor Caroline McKenzie (Elizabeth Debicki). She and Rob remind the climbers of the lack of oxygen at the top of Everest, as well as the dangers of hypothermia and hypoxia. We see clips of climbers succumbing to the cold and dying. Beck calls his wife Peach (Robin Wright) from the base camp after he forgot to send her a message for their anniversary. She doesn't like him climbing mountains and has stated that she'd divorce him if he ever climbed another mountain. He didn't listen. Adventure Consultants and other expeditions move from Base Camp to Camp II. They walk across a fixed ladder acting as a bridge hanging over a crevasse. Huge ice chunks break off and slide down under the weight of all the climbers, causing the ladder to shake, making Beck nearly fall over. He hangs on for dear life and is guided by Rob the rest of the way over. Facing some concerns, Rob suggests to Scott that they join their expeditions together to get to the top safely, and to ascend at a later date. Scott is hesitant, saying that he and Rob have different styles, but he ultimately agrees to the union. The two meet with their teams later to state that they plan on having eight oxygen tanks at the top. Scott's guide, Anatoli Boukreev (Ingvar Eggert Sigurosson), says he won't use oxygen. Rob urges the rest of his team to use oxygen. The AC team gathers in a tent at night to discuss why they're climbing. Doug says that he wants to prove that an ordinary person can do the impossible. Yasuko wants to be the oldest woman to climb Everest. The teams encounter problems on their summit, such as several climbers beginning to fall ill (like Doug and Scott), Beck having trouble seeing due to a surgery he had a year before, and no fixed ropes over the south summit, forcing some climbers to turn back. Beck stays behind on the southeast ridge. Guy, who is scaling the mountain next to Everest, observes Rob and company from his POV and contacts them to make sure they're okay. Finally, some of the climbers start to make it to the very top and mark their spots on Everest. Anatoli is the first to touch the top, and Yasuko puts a Japanese flag on there. Rob contacts Helen back at base camp to inform her and the team that they made it to the top. She and the rest of the camp cheer the team on. Doug is still climbing, despite his health rapidly deteriorating and his oxygen levels dropping. Rob runs into him on the way down and he insists to Doug that it's over and that he gave it a good run, but Doug is not yet satisfied and decides he wants to keep climbing. Moved by his determination, Rob guides Doug to the top. A huge blizzard starts moving toward Everest, spelling trouble for the descending climbers. Rob and Doug get hit as the storm hits the mountain, forcing them to take cover. As they get lower, Rob notices there aren't any oxygen tanks where he requested, so he radios Helen to send some up. He and Doug keep walking as the winds intensify. Doug, barely conscious, unbuckles himself from Rob's guide rope. His dizziness, combined with the heavy wind, causes him to fall over the edge to his death. Beck's vision worsens, while Scott starts suffering from hypothermia, forcing them to stay behind from their respective groups. The other climbers go get help, leaving Beck behind with Yasuko. Andy goes up to Rob, wherein Rob tells Andy that Doug is gone. Rob and Andy wait on the side of the mountain until it's safe to keep going. Unfortunately, Andy begins to feel the hypoxia, making him believe he's overheating, and he removes his clothes, leading to his death. Helen, sitting in the tent with Caroline and Guy (who has come to join the camp), radios Rob and urges him to keep moving downward. He tells her that his hands and feet are frozen, and also that Doug and Andy are dead, bringing everyone in the tent to tears. Helen calls Jan and gets her to talk to Rob by putting the phone next to the walkie-talkie. Jan encourages her husband to get down safe, reminding him that he has to return for the birth of their baby. Rob is told by Helen that the people meant to bring him the oxygen tanks aren't coming because of the terrible conditions. He tries to keep moving on his own, but even he knows he can't make it in his condition. He falls over and calls Helen again. She calls Jan again so that she can speak to him one last time. He tells her he is comfortable, and asks how Sarah (the baby) is doing. Jan tearfully agrees to call her Sarah. Rob's last words to her are "Sleep well, my sweetheart. Please don't worry too much." Rob passes away under the snow and ice. Scott succumbs to the cold and lies in the snow to die. Yasuko has also died next to Beck's side. Helen calls Peach to tell her that Beck never returned to camp, which she must in turn tell her kids. Beck, however, despite being frostbitten, partially blind, and almost totally frozen, starts to get up and slowly head on back to camp. Jon spots him and radios Helen to let her know that Beck is alive. She in turn calls Peach to tell her the news. Together, they get a helicopter to fly up and bring Beck back. The helicopter is almost brought down by the winds and extra weight, but they succeed in bringing him down where he gets heated up. Helen and the other climbers return home. They are seen meeting Jan at the airport and tearfully hugging her. Beck also returns home and hugs Peach. The last shot is of Rob's body, frozen and almost completely covered in snow. The final text states that Rob's body is still up on Everest alongside the others that perished. We see photos of the real Rob Hall, Doug Hansen, Andy Harris, Yasuko Namba, and Scott Fischer. Beck Weathers lost his nose and both hands due to frostbite. Jan Arnold gave birth to a girl, whom she named Sarah. We then see a brief video clip of the real Sarah Arnold-Hall.
tt3410834
Action,Adventure,Mystery
Picking up shortly after the previous film, 'Insurgent' left off, now that Jeanine is dead, Evelyn (Naomi Watts) has assumed control of Chicago and is placing everyone in Erudite that worked for Jeanine on trial, while also sealing off the gates to the rediscovered land outside the city. Tris (Shailene Woodley) and Four (Theo James) watch as Max (Mekhi Pfeiffer) is the first to go on trial. Most of Evelyn's followers demand that Max be executed, while those that follow Johanna (Octavia Spencer) think he ought to be spared. Kang (Daniel Dae Kim) gives Max the Candor truth serum. Max shows no remorse for killing people under Jeanine's orders, and he compares people to sheep that get slaughtered if they stray from their shepherd. Evelyn listens to the people and has Edgar (Jonny Weston) shoot Max in the head. Caleb (Ansel Elgort) is on trial next, and he fears for what they'll do to him. Johanna is booed out with her followers for disagreeing with Evelyn's verdict. Four goes against his mother, saying there was no point in going to war with Jeanine when Evelyn just became her. Tris and Four plot to break Caleb out. Four orders Evelyn's guards to release Caleb to him. Four takes him outside and throws him into a ditch before taking out his gun and pretending to shoot Caleb. The guards leave, and Caleb comes out of hiding. The three of them, along with Christina (Zoe Kravitz) and Tori (Maggie Q) plot to break out of the city. Peter (Miles Teller) comes along so that he won't rat on the group. After fooling Evelyn's guards, the group heads toward the wall, but one of the guards alerts Edgar to their plan. As the group reaches the wall, they shoot their grappling hooks and use the wires to scale the wall. However, the fence on top of the wall is electrified. Tris goes down the wall with Four following so she can destroy the electrical box. Edgar and his boys show up and start shooting at the group. Four holds them off as Tris places a bomb on the box. As they run back to the wall, she detonates it, blowing up the box and killing some of the goons. Tris and Four run back up the wall. Tori is shot and killed by Edgar, and Tris is forced to leave her behind. Once they make it further away from the city, they discover that the land has been mostly burnt out and become a toxic wasteland. The rain that falls on them is red. A van rolls in above the group... it's Edgar. They run for it and reach a point where a wall to another city appears to open up, revealing vans and aircraft. A squad of soldiers take the group in and blast Edgar's van away. The group is taken in plasma bubbles to a facility known as the Bureau of Genetic Welfare. They are decontaminated and have a bar code printed onto their skin, but all with different coding. A video shows the group an explanation of what happened to the world. Many generations ago, a hopeful miracle drug was created, but it naturally spun out of control and led to chaos around the globe, leading the survivors to form the Bureau and strive to fix things. Tris is taken to meet the Bureau's director David (Jeff Daniels). He considers Tris a miracle, as she is what the Bureau considers "pure", while the others, like Caleb and Four, are "damaged." David has also been watching everything that goes on around the city, which explains how he knows Tris and what she's been through, as well as everything that is happening in the city now. David gives Tris a device that allows her to see the memories of her late mother Natalie (Ashley Judd) from when she was a child living in The Fringe, the isolated area where the infected roam and attack survivors. Natalie was saved and later worked with David to establish the Faction system. Four is assigned to a woman named Nita (Nadia Hilker), who teaches him how to use target drones for combat. Peter and Caleb are put on surveillance duty to observe what goes on around the city. Caleb observes Evelyn and her henchmen meeting with Johanna and a few of her followers, which have called themselves the Allegiant. The two leaders are prepared for a war, which is instigated by Edgar after he shoots one of Johanna's followers. Four is on duty with the other men on his team. They go into The Fringe and accidentally kill the father of a young boy. The boy and other survivors are brought in and supposedly decontaminated with a special gas. However, Christina notes to Four that the boy has forgotten his father and his own name. David takes Tris to Providence, a clean and dystopic city structure where all the privileged folks live. Tris appears before a council to go along with David's plan to cleanse the world, but she rejects the notion that they should classify some as pure and others as damaged. Four is apparently sent to The Fringe with one Bureau worker, Matthew (Bill Skarsgard). However, Matthew tips Four off about the Bureau's true intentions. He fights the goons on board and crashes the ship. Four escapes and tells Matthew to tell Tris and David that Four left him behind, because Tris will know that's a lie. Four is eventually captured and taken back into the city. David sends Peter back into the city to deliver the gas to Evelyn, claiming that David is a personal friend. Peter suggests using it on the Allegiant so that Evelyn may retain control over everyone. She tests it out on her ex-husband Marcus (Ray Stevenson). With a heavy dose, Marcus literally watches his mind deteriorate and his memories disappear, leaving him with no idea who Evelyn is or was to him. Knowing that something bad is gonna happen, Tris steals David's hovercraft and gets Caleb and Christina to head back into the city. Nita gives them some weapons because she hates David too. The three fly away and are pursued by David's henchmen. They try to bring Tris down gently, but she attempts to manually fly the ship, nearly crashing it until they are able to go beyond the camouflage wall. Tris and Christina make it into Evelyn's facility where she plans to release the gas unto the Allegiant, unaware that it will go throughout the entire city. Tris reunites with Four while Caleb is outside on surveillance. Evelyn begins to release the gas until Four tells her that it will affect both of them, and he won't know who his mother is. She has a change of heart and tries to stop it, but Peter shoots her in the back and allows it to continue, until the gas reaches the room he's in. He frantically tries to stop it but can't. The gas starts spreading into the city, hitting some of the Allegiant. Tris runs down to the main control room, but David, who is still watching, tries to hold her off. Tris uses the drones to find the main power grid for the gas and blasts through the wall to ultimately destroy it. David yells in defeat while the gas stops spreading. Tris sends a message to everyone in the city, saying that they are neither pure nor damaged, but that they must stand united as one city against their oppressors. Tris leans against Four, thinking everything is fine... not knowing David is still watching and planning something sinister.
tt3319920
Crime,Horror,Mystery
Set in Minnesota in 1990, detective Bruce Kenner (Ethan Hawke) investigates the case of young Angela Gray (Emma Watson), who accuses her father, John Gray, (David Dencik) of an unspeakable crime. When John unexpectedly and without recollection admits his guilt, renowned psychologist Dr. Kenneth Raines (David Thewlis) is brought in to help him relive his memories. What they discover unmasks a horrifying nationwide mystery.
tt2869728
Action,Comedy,Crime
The opening scene is set in Miami on the boat of crime lord Antonio Pope (Benjamin Bratt). His hacker A.J. (Ken Jeong) is going through a list on the computer. Pope calls Port Commissioner Griffin (James Martin Kelly) on the phone and accuses him of stealing money from him. With one of his hitmen in the room, Pope has Griffin killed in his apartment, then orders his men to find whoever stole his money. In Atlanta, James (Ice Cube) is with his partner Mayfield (Tyrese Gibson) as they try to infiltrate a car meet to find a drug dealer named Troy (Glen Powell). Ben (Kevin Hart), fresh out the academy, is eager to get in on the action, but James has him staying on the radio. James gets close enough to Troy, but Troy pulls a gun on him. Ben sees this over the camera and sneaks out to help. He rides into the meet in a showy car with hydraulics and draws unwanted attention to himself. He tries to threaten Troy by acting tough, only to drop his badge in front of the crook, leading to Troy making his escape. James and Ben go after him, with Ben nearly getting himself run over, though James follows Troy long enough until Troy drives out of a parking garage and onto another car. James arrests Troy and swipes a necklace around him that is also a flash drive. James reprimands Ben for his actions since he got Mayfield shot in the chaos. Lt. Brooks (Bruce McGill) assigns James to go to Miami and see who Troy was working for. Ben wants to go so that he can prove himself ready for detective work, but nobody believes in him, especially after the mess he just caused. At home, Ben is planning his wedding to Angela (Tika Sumpter), but he clashes with the wedding planner Cori (Sherri Shepherd). He tries to assert himself but gets knocked out by the ceiling fan. Later, as Angela tries to seduce Ben, he complains about not being able to go to Miami. Angela calls James and tries to get him to take Ben, not just for himself, but so she can have him out of her hair while the wedding is planned. James refuses but then changes his mind when he thinks he can prove that Ben doesn't have what it takes to be a detective. He goes to their house and officially invites Ben to Miami. James and Ben drive down to Miami and meet Captain Hernandez (Carlos Gomez). Ben gets off on the wrong foot with Detective Maya Cruz (Olivia Munn) as he checks for info on her desk. James takes a liking to her when she gets Ben with pressure points. Ben starts his detective work by trying to blend in with the locals as they search for A.J. The two of them find the hacker, and he tells them about a safe in a club that contains something important, but first they have to meet with someone there. The guys go to the club for work, but A.J. gets Ben to enjoy himself with an impromptu bachelor party. However, the man they are supposed to meet is also Pope's hitman. A.J. causes a distraction and escapes while James engages in a brief shoot-out with the hitman. Afterward, the two are met by Maya at the crime scene. The safe turned out to be empty. Before the guys can leave, James realizes a bomb was planted in his car, which goes off and destroys his car (again). Ben realizes he kept A.J.'s phone on him, so they find his girlfriend Tasha (Nadine Velasquez) to get a lead on his whereabouts. Ben convinces Tasha to spill the beans when he shows her that he's been hooking up with other women and given them unique ringtones, while Tasha is left with the generic Apple ringtone. The guys locate A.J. once more and bring him in on the investigation. He reveals to the team that Pope is the real crook, despite him having a public image as an entrepreneur working alongside the new port commissioner Nunez (Robert Pralgo). The team is at the home of Maya's friend/associate Alonso (Arturo del Puerto), whom Ben accidentally shoots after getting scared. Despite getting shot, Alonso backs up A.J.'s word that Pope is a crook. James, Ben, and Maya go to a party hosted by Pope in his mansion. Maya distracts Pope by dancing with him while James and Ben gather info, and A.J. is their eyes and ears. Ben gets attacked by an alligator in the backyard. They get their information, but Pope catches them and knows they're cops, though he lets them go. The team uses their information to locate a group of shipping trucks that may be carrying Pope's contraband. However, when they attempt to stop the trucks at the port, they discover that the trucks are empty. Hernandez scolds the team, as Pope shows up and acts angry for what the team did. Nunez then shows up and calls Hernandez over. Brooks is informed of the screw-up and orders James to be suspended and for Ben to be fired. The team goes to a bar to think about what they did wrong. Maya then questions as to why Nunez would have shown up so fast at the port. A.J. mentions that Nunez's name was on a list of guys on Pope's payroll (which he realizes he could've mentioned earlier). James realizes that Pope knew he would have gotten caught, so he had a decoy in the trucks, and the real contraband items are being brought in somewhere else in the port. James, Maya, and A.J. go after Pope, but Maya handcuffs Ben to a pole after James says he wants Ben to stay so he can take care of Angela. However, Ben breaks free and goes to Alonso's house to get the cuffs off. James, Maya, and A.J. are at the port in the morning to catch Pope. They have a shootout with Pope and his goons, when Ben arrives and moves a truck to knock over a container with flammable barrels, causing them to explode. Pope runs and grabs A.J., then tries fleeing in a truck. James goes after him, but Ben knocks a container into Pope's path, causing him to crash. James runs to the truck and doesn't find Pope. Pope tries to shoot James, but Ben jumps in the way and takes the bullet. James shoots Pope a few times to bring him down, then sees that Ben was wearing a vest. Pope rises and shoots again, but James uses Ben as a human shield, and Maya shoots Pope once more for good measure. James and Ben are off the hook for taking down Pope and Nunez. They drive home for the wedding, with James asking Maya to be his date. Ben and Angela are married and are ready to go off on a boat ride, but Ben wants James to make a speech. Reluctantly, James speaks and says that while Ben has gotten him into a lot of trouble since meeting him, he has also saved his life, made Angela very happy, and has helped James grow into a better man and cop. He finally accepts Ben as his new family. Ben and Angela then go on their boat ride, but Ben gets distracted and is thrown out the boat when he rides over a bump. He is then dragged through the water by a rope as Angela tries to stop the boat, all while James laughs at this.
tt2557478
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
The film opens ten years after the previous 'Pacific Rim' movie after the so-called the Battle of the Breach, in which humanity defeated the Kaiju monsters by sealing the entrance into our world. Jake Pentecost (John Boyega) is the son of Stacker, but he doesn't see himself as anything like his dad. Jake is a former Jaeger cadet who now makes a living by dealing Jaeger parts in exchange for goods. Jake goes to a decommissioned Jaeger scrapyard with three thugs that he's hustled in search of a very valuable Jaeger core. The thug leader forces Jake at gunpoint to find it to pay off what he stole from him. Jake finds that the core is missing, but his tracker is picking it up. He tricks the thugs into a trap and chases after someone who already has the core. Jake finds that it's an orphan girl, Amara Namani (Cailee Spaeny). As the authorities arrive, Amara boards a Jaeger she built and calls Scrapper, and Jake follows. A Pan-Pacific Defence Corps Jaeger, November Ajax, chases after the two, but Amara pilots Scrapper to get them out. Jake tells her to use one of Scrapper's batteries to disable November, which works briefly, but the two are caught anyway. Jake and Amara are in a cell when Jake is called in to speak to Mako Mori (Rinko Kikuchi), who is the PPDC's General Secretary and Jake's adopted sister. She gives Jake a choice between going to jail or training new Jaeger cadets. Jake makes up his mind, and Mako says he's already set, and that Amara will be a cadet too. The two are sent to the Hong Kong Shatterdome to begin training. Jake meets his former co-pilot in Gipsy Avenger, Nate Lambert (Scott Eastwood), with whom he now has a strained relationship with. Amara then learns that Jake is Stacker's son, as she is a fan of him and Jaegers in general. Jake also meets Jules Reyes (Adria Arjona), a soldier that he becomes attracted to. Nate takes Jake and Amara to meet the other cadets, including Suresh (Karan Brar), Ilya (Levi Meaden), and Viktoria (Ivanna Sakhno), or "Vik". She isn't happy that Amara has gotten into the program based off the PPDC being impressed by her building her own Jaeger, when it took Vik three tries to get in. The cadets begin their training by testing out their Drift compatibility. Amara doesn't do well at first and is discouraged. Jake and Nate talk in the kitchen and agree to stay out of each others' way. The Shatterdome is visited by reps from Shao Corporations, including its CEO Liwan Shao (Jing Tian) and Newt Geiszler (Charlie Day), who is now her Head of Research and Development. Their plan is to quickly deploy a large number of Jaeger drones around the world, which is viewed as a threat to the PPDC. Newt reunites with Hermann Gottlieb (Burn Gorman), who brings him to the PPDC's research lab to show him a vial of Kaiju blood, which may be essential in the development of the drones in making thruster pods. Hermann also tells Newt that he still has nightmares of when they drifted with the Kaiju brain. Newt then leaves to go reunite with Liwen, who tells him to stay away from Hermann so that she doesn't have to question his loyalty. Mako tells Jake how she doesn't trust the drone program because they are remote-operated and could be compromised or hacked. She tells him that she had it authorized for Jake to co-pilot Gipsy Avenger at an upcoming meeting in Sydney. Gipsy Avenger gets deployed in Sydney with Jake and Nate co-piloting. Suddenly, a rogue Jaeger, Obsidian Fury, rises from the ocean and begins to attack. Jake and Nate operate Gipsy to fight back. In the chaos, a chopper with Mako on-board is struck by Obsidian, and although Gipsy tries to rescue her, they just miss her, and the chopper crashes to the ground. Obsidian returns to the water. Jake returns to the PPDC, mourning Mako's loss. He meets with Amara, who offers her condolences. In order to help her out, Jake drifts with Amara, and he sees a memory of hers. She was on a boardwalk with her parents and brother when a Kaiju began to attack. When Amara tried to reach her family, they were crushed by the Kaiju. Jake has to snap her out of it and remind her not to hold on to the memory. At the Shao headquarters, Newt learns from Liwen that the drone program has been authorized in the wake of the Sydney attack. Newt considers the timing of this to be inconvenient. He returns home and starts talking to someone he calls Alice. Turns out "Alice" is a Kaiju brain in a pod that Newt frequently drifts with. At the PPDC, Amara and Vik get into a fight, with Amara actually managing to overpower Vik despite being half her size. The fight is broken up immediately by Nate. Jules enters to tell him that Hermann deciphered Mako's final message. It's the location of an old Jaeger facility in Zemlya where Obsidian may be operated from. Jake and Nate ride Gipsy to the facility, where Obsidian attacks again and destroys the facility. The two manage to overpower Obsidian this time and rip out its central core. Gipsy pulls off Obsidian's head to reveal that it was being operated by a Kaiju brain. Amara and a few cadets sneak into the wreckage of Obsidian Fury. Upon inspection, Amara finds a tube with a Shao logo on it. As she cuts into it, it leaks acid that severely burns another cadet's arm. She is subsequently kicked out of the program, to her disappointment. After she expresses that she doesn't belong, Jake tells her not to let what other people think of her define her. As Amara leaves, the other cadets express their regret, and Vik sincerely tells her to build her next Jaeger bigger. The drones are set to be deployed to PPDC Shatterdomes around the world. However, they are quickly taken over by Kaiju brains, making them look like Jaeger-Kaiju hybrids. They begin to attack the Shatterdomes, killing many and wrecking almost all the other Jaegers. Hermann rushes to find Newt to stop this, but when they reach the lab, Newt initiates a program in the drones to prepare them to open Breaches around the world to unleash more Kaiju. Newt has been planning this for the last decade after his mind has been corrupted by Precursors (Kaiju creators) after drifting with the Kaiju brains for so long. Hermann tries to stop him, but Newt gets away. The drones begin to open the Breaches, and Kaiju start to crawl out from the ocean depths. Liwen manages to shut the drones down and keep the Breaches closed, but three Kaiju have successfully gotten out and are making their way into Japan. In the lab, Hermann and the others determine that the Kaiju are headed to Mt. Fuji because it contains rare earth elements, and when mixed with Kaiju blood, will create a violent reaction that sets off the Ring of Fire and activates all nearby volcanoes to destroy humanity and bring forth more Kaiju. The PPDC gets set on bringing in reinforcements to repair Jaegers and get the cadets ready for battle. Jake and Nate meet with the cadets and prepare them with a speech from Jake, much like his father did in the past. He and Nate board Gipsy Avenger, while Amara joins Vik and another cadet in Bracer Phoenix, along with Guardian Bravo and Saber Athena joining. They lift off using Hermann's rocket thrusters with the Kaiju blood and rare earth elements as fuel. The three Kaiju are already attacking the city. The Jaegers arrive and start fighting back. Unfortunately, Newt uses his tech to merge the beasts into one Mega-Kaiju. This one proves to be insanely powerful, causing casualties within Guardian and Saber. It manages to overpower all the Jaegers before it starts heading toward Mt. Fuji. Nate is severely injured, and Bracer is down as well. Nate ejects himself to allow Amara to join Jake for them to co-pilot Gipsy. Liwen arrives with Scrapper and uses the last rocket to help Gipsy head toward Mt. Fuji. The Mega-Kaiju moves closer and closer toward the volcano. The cadets decide the only way to stop it is to send Gipsy soaring right into it. Once they reach a high enough altitude, Gipsy is sent hurtling toward the beast. Jake and Amara struggle to free themselves, but Scrapper gets them out in time. Gipsy collides powerfully with the Mega-Kaiju, sending it rolling down the mountain until it dies. Newt tries to initiate Plan B, only to get knocked out by Nate. Jake and Amara land safely and celebrate their victory. The last scene shows Newt in custody, vowing revenge and swearing that the Kaiju will return and that the Precursors will destroy the world. Jake enters and promises that humanity will be ready to fight back, bigger and badder than ever.
tt2268016
Comedy,Drama,Music
Three years after abandoning his life as a stripper, Mike (Channing Tatum) is now running his own furniture business. He receives a call from Tarzan (Kevin Nash) who informs Mike that Dallas is "gone". Believing that his former boss has died, Mike drives to a hotel only to find that his friends, the remaining Kings of Tampa, are enjoying themselves at a pool party. After revealing that Dallas has bailed on them to start a new show in Macau, the Kings let Mike in on their plan: to end their careers on a high note by traveling to Myrtle Beach for a stripping convention. Later, while trying to work, Mike overhears a song he used to strip to and dances. Reinvigorated, Mike decides to join them on their trip. Driving in a fro-yo van owned by Tito (Adam Rodríguez) and Tobias (Gabriel Iglesias), they decide to make their first stop at Mad Mary's. To prove to Richie (Joe Manganiello) that he's willing to commit to the trip, Mike participates in an amateur queen contest. The others join him soon after. They then head down to a beach where Mike attempts to resolve his issues with Ken (Matt Bomer). The two later reconcile. Mike also meets a photographer named Zoe (Amber Heard) who tells him that she's headed for New York. They flirt but Mike decides not to pursue her. Back on the road, Mike suggests that they change their routine. They stop at a gas station where he coerces Richie into trying to make the cashier smile with an improvised striptease which he successfully does. This inspires the others to abandon their old routines. Soon afterwards, Tobias, under the influence of MDMA, passes out while driving and crashes the van. Everyone is left unscathed aside from Tobias who gets a concussion. In the hospital, Mike reveals that his furniture business isn't going that well and that he's no longer dating Brooke. In search of a new emcee, Mike brings the group to a strip club owned by Rome (Jada Pinkett Smith) whom Mike has a history with. Despite proving to her that his skills haven't deteriorated, he's unsuccessful in getting her to help them. However, she does give them a ride to their next stop by having Andre (Donald Glover), a rapper/singer who works at the club, drive them there. The group arrives at a mansion. Tito tells them that he knows the girl who lives there and that she's expecting them. They walk in through the door but are greeted by the girl's mother, Nancy (Andie MacDowell) along with Nancy's friends who are all middle-aged women. Nancy's teasing of the group initially makes them feel awkward but as the night goes on, the mood lightens. During this time, Mike meets Zoe again. Zoe confesses that she was hired by another photographer as his assistant solely so he could get with her. Mike urges her to come to the convention to regain her smile. After sleeping with Richie, Nancy allows the group to drive her ex-husband's car to Myrtle Beach. When they arrive, they are surprised to see Rome. Rome, after having a change of heart, agrees to be their emcee. She also brings along Andre and Malik (Stephen "tWitch" Boss) to help. With their preparations complete, they head to the convention where they manage to squeeze in a spot thanks to Rome and her seemingly romantic history with the organizer of the event, Paris (Elizabeth Banks). The group's performance is a success. During Mike and Malik's performance, Mike brings Zoe on stage. The film ends in celebration, Tobias returning with the fro-yo van and everyone watching the 4th of July fireworks.
tt1951266
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
In the opening scene, Katniss Everdeen (Jennifer Lawrence) is getting vocal therapy after being nearly choked to death by Peeta Mellark (Josh Hutcherson) in the previous film. Once she can properly speak, she sees her younger sister Primrose "Prim" Everdeen (Willow Shields) entering Peeta's cell. The programming inflicted on Peeta in the Capitol eventually makes him freak out. He thinks that Katniss is a dangerous Capitol-created mutation, and tells Prim to kill Katniss. Katniss goes to District Two with her military escort to film more propaganda videos for the rebel cause. Gale Hawthorne (Liam Hemsworth) accompanies her. He admits that he has seen Peeta, and realized that if he stays this way, Katniss will always chose him over Gale out of pity. On the way, she kisses Gale, but he calls it "the kiss of a drunk person." She jokes that with Peeta safely in Thirteen, he doesn't have to be jealous anymore. Katniss overhears Gale and Beetee (Jeffrey Wright) discussing a dubious trick they mean to employ. It involves setting off a bomb that will kill many people and force the survivors to flee, and then deploying a second bomb in their direction to maximize the number of victims. Once in District Two, Commander Paylor (Patina Miller) mentions that the Rebellion failed to capture the arsenal from the Nut, a huge mountain containing Capitol infantry. Gale suggests that they use the special bombs that he and Beetee designed to blow up the Nut and take it over from the inside. Katniss protests, saying that there are a lot of civilians in there, but the rest are convinced that those people made their choice by collaborating with the enemy. When the hovercrafts go, Katniss says that it's horrible as lives will be lost. Gale tells Katniss that this is war. Katniss is rushed off to shoot a propaganda speech, and then the captured refugees arrive by train. The rebel troops treat the refugees with suspicion, ordering them to drop their weapons and shooting some who don't comply. Katniss stops her speech and screams at everyone to stop.... and then a refugee holds her hostage. He tells Katniss, "Give me a reason why I shouldn't shoot." Katniss replies that she can't, but that the Capitol has been setting the Districts against each other, providing them with plenty of reasons to kill each other. She's so tired that dying would be a relief. The refugee lets her go and Katniss begins an anti-President Snow speech, only to be shot. Chaos ensues. In the Capitol, President Snow (Donald Sutherland) celebrates with his delegates with a toast at his dinner table, but they all drink without stating what it is they're drinking to. Snow asks one of his ministers, Antonius (Robert Knepper), what they are celebrating. He replies that it's Katniss's death. Snow replies that if Katniss were really dead, the resistance would have made a martyr out of her already. Antonius then says that they toast since Katniss has failed. Snow disagrees and tells him that they are celebrating the ending of an era. Antonius drops dead, having been poisoned. Katniss wakes up from her injuries to find a bald, morphine-crazed Johanna Mason (Jena Malone) in her room. Johanna is mad at Katniss and blames her for everything, although she admits her anger is partially jealousy, since Katniss was always intended to be irreplaceable for the uprising. She pulls out Katniss's morphine drip and attaches it to her own arm. Katniss manages to ease Johanna's sarcasm by admitting that Johanna would have made a better Mockingjay. Next, Katniss visits Peeta, who's still locked in a cell and strapped to his bed. Peeta is no longer enraged but still blames Katniss for everything, going so far as to say if he'd never given her the overdone bread from his parents' bakery, they would never have ended up in that state. Katniss is visibly upset and goes on to a conference with President Coin (Julianne Moore) and Plutarch Heavensbee (Philip Seymour Hoffman). Katniss wants to go to the Capitol and fight, but Coin, saying she's in no shape to fight and too valuable to lose, orders her to stay and shoot more propaganda films. Plutarch offers no objections, so Katniss agrees. Katniss then attends the wedding of Finnick Odair (Sam Claflin) and Annie Cresta (Stef Dawson). At the reception, everyone is happy and dancing except Katniss. Johanna finds her brooding and when Katniss says she wants to kill Snow, Johanna offers to cover for her and suggests a plan: sneak on board a medical supply hovercraft headed for the Capitol. Katniss goes off to dance with her sister Prim, hugging her before following Johanna's plan. When the hovercraft drops Katniss with the medical supplies outside the Capitol, Katniss tries to be unobtrusive but is recognized by almost everyone she encounters. She finds Gale and people crowd around, curious about why she's there. Commander Paylor makes a speech. The Capitol is surrounded by rebels and its citizens are abandoning the streets. The Peacekeepers have placed deadly "pods" all over the Capitol. The pods are traps armed with deadly weapons, similar to traps used in the games created by the Capitol. Being unable to control her, President Coin has integrated Katniss into Squad 451, whose job it is to shoot propaganda videos while locating and destroying the pods. They are ordered to remain behind the front lines to stay as safe as possible, while boosting morale with their propaganda videos. The squad is commanded by Boggs (Mahershala Ali) and includes Katniss, Gale, Finnick, filmmaker Cressida (Natalie Dormer), Homes (Omid Abtahi), Lt. Jackson (Michelle Forbes), Mitchell (Joe Chrest), Messalla (Evan Ross), the twins Leeg 1 and 2 (Misty Ormiston and Kim Ormiston) and Castor (Wes Chatham) and Pollux (Elden Henson), an avox (mute). They are each given a Nightlock pill, which causes instant death if they need to commit suicide to stay out of the Capitol's hands. Boggs has been issued a holo, a device that displays a holographic map and helps detect pods; however, the information on the pods is based on intelligence from spies, and may be outdated. The holo can also act as a bomb if the word "Nightlock" is repeated three times (important later). The squad assembles and finds the first pod. Katniss fires an arrow toward it, which triggers a giant explosion. The squad decides to camp out in an abandoned restaurant for the night, when Peeta is unexpectedly dropped off by a military escort. Katniss is on edge, but the soldiers delivering him explain that President Coin wants Peeta in the videos as well, to show him actively fighting the Capitol alongside Katniss. Boggs takes Katniss aside and tells her about Coin. He says Coin wanted Peeta saved and not her; now that victory is at hand, Katniss may be a liability for Coin, who wants to be the next President of Panem. Though Katniss has no political aspirations, her allegiance to any candidate carries considerable weight. Because Coin can't be sure Katniss will endorse her, she prefers to be rid of Katniss now. She may have added Peeta to the team in the hope that he would kill her in a fit of rage and fear. Boggs tells Katniss to watch out. Night falls and Peeta can't sleep. He and Katniss talk, and they play a game to help Peeta figure out what is real and what parts of his memories are planted by Capitol programming. As day comes, Finnick helps Peeta as they explore the city, entering an oval courtyard surrounded by abandoned apartment buildings. They're getting ready to shoot a propo. A pod of machine guns appears, but everyone dodges the hail of bullets. As they walk forward, Boggs is suddenly shot in his chest and Leeg 1 takes a bullet in the leg. Boggs, with his dying breath, gives Katniss full security access to the holo. He also tells her not to trust them, and to kill Peeta if necessary. Leeg 2 accidentally activates a trigger hidden under the pavement, releasing a torrent of black ooze which floods towards the team and quickly submerges the courtyard. While escaping, Peeta becomes frightened; his Capitol programming is activated and he tries to kill Katniss with a bow. Mitchell intervenes and in the process, Peeta shoves him in the ooze which causes him to fly up and get impaled by spikes. The surviving members of Squad 451 run inside a building. Jackson, as Boggs' second in command, demands the holo from Katniss. Katniss says that Boggs transferred the voice-activated holo to her (which is true) and that she is on a personal mission to kill Snow, on orders of President Coin (which isn't). Cressida backs up Katniss' story, saying that Plutarch wants the assassination of Snow to be televised, hoping that it will quickly end the war. Jackson doesn't believe it and commands Katniss to transfer the holo to her (Jackson). Katniss shows her it's programmed for her, but Jackson still has doubts. A Mexican standoff occurs, but eventually Jackson backs down and allows Katniss to keep the holo as long as she obeys orders. Leeg 2 decides to stay behind with her injured twin; Jackson promises to send help as soon as they can. Peacekeeper soldiers arrive as soon as the rest of the squad exits the building and they take refuge in a vacant apartment across the courtyard. They watch in horror as the Peacekeepers blow up the building they just left, killing the Leeg twins. Peeta feels extremely guilty over snapping and killing Mitchell and nearly killing Katniss. Suddenly, a broadcast pops up. Caesar Flickerman (Stanley Tucci) announces the death of Katniss and her squad as the building blowing up is televised. Snow pops out and says that he's happy to see Katniss dead and that the rebellion is over. Then Coin hijacks the broadcast, defending the Mockingjay (Katniss) and asserting that she is still the face of the revolution, even in death. The squad heads for the president's mansion, but the holo shows multiple traps on the street. Pollux signs to Castor that they can go down into the sanitation system instead, a place where he did slave labor and is reluctant to go back to, but they have no choice. Underground, they hide from the peacekeepers but are seen on the security camera. President Snow, whose nose is bleeding, then sees the security camera footage and is surprised. In the sewage system, after narrowly avoiding a steam pipe burst, the team decides to sleep. Katniss indulges Peeta in more games of 'Real or Not Real' and then Peeta reveals that the Capitol used wasp Tracker Jacker venom in his programming. Katniss promises to keep them alive. Katniss then hears something and the group investigates. Something has been sent after them. After some intense searching (almost like a horror movie), suddenly dozens of hideous, lizard-human hybrid creatures which are called "mutts" (short for mutants?) appears from all directions and attack. Jackson is quickly overwhelmed and is either torn apart and/or bitten to death by the weird creatures. The remaining group fights them off and tries to escape. Castor is trampled and killed by the creatures. Cressida and Messalla are separated from the rest of the group as more creatures converge on them. The squad is corralled into a junction area space with a ladder leading up to the ceiling. Here, Katniss is nearly killed by one creature but she and Peeta fight them off (she with her bow and explosive-tipped arrows, and he with his assault rifle) as they stand back to back fighting. Cressida and Messalla reappear where they assist the group and order them to escape up the ladder. Cressida takes on and guns down several of the creatures herself, showing more of her fearless combat skills. Finnick uses his trident to fight off the creatures while the remaining members of the squad escape up the ladder. Unfortunately, this turns out to be his sacrifice; as he tries to ascend the ladder, the creatures overwhelm him. Not wanting Finnick to die in vain, Katniss says "Nightlock" three times and throws the holo into the melee of mutts and a screaming Finnick. The holo explodes, killing the creatures and ending Finnick's suffering. In an underground space that looks like a subway station, the surviving members of the squad run across a floor, fired upon by Peacekeepers. As the floor begins to collapse, lethal beams in the light fixtures kill those who pass under them. Messalla runs into a beam and disintegrates into black ash while Peeta panics, thinking he's about to activate again. Katniss stops and kisses him, which fixes him right up. They get out to the surface and Cressida takes them to a fashion shop owned by Tigris (Eugenie Bondurant), who sports elaborate tiger-stripe tattoos and has apparently had some surgery to make her mouth and nose look more feline. She hides the five surviving members of the squad in a secret basement under her shop. Katniss eventually recognizes Tigris as one of the stylists who worked with contestants at the games. Tigris indicates that her tiger makeover was forced on her by President Snow "because I wasn't pretty enough any more." While hiding underground, Pollux weeps over the loss of his brother Castor, while Cressida tends to Gale's wounds, sustained while fighting the mutts. A distraught Katniss says that her mission was fake and that she feels responsible for all those deaths. Cressida tells her that they all knew she wasn't on a mission ordered by Coin. But everyone, even Jackson, decided it was worth the risks. Peeta mentions his Capitol programming and tells Katniss to end all of it. He tells her that if Snow dies, all of the deaths will be for something. He tells Katniss to handcuff him again to be safe from him.(Peeta has been handcuffed most of the time he's been with Katniss's squad.) While Katniss tries to sleep, Gale and Peeta reconcile. Gale tells Peeta that she loves Peeta, not him ("she never kissed me like that"). An emergency broadcast pops up with President Snow ordering Capitol residents to take shelter in the presidential mansion -- the Rebellion has arrived. As the pods near the mansion will presumably be deactivated, Katniss decides to walk with the refugees and take down Snow once and for all. Gale decides to go with her; Katniss uncuffs Peeta. While Cressida and Pollux will have to stay behind since their rugged appearances are too noticeable -- and someone needs to watch Peeta -- Katniss and Gale, wearing coats with hoods that partially obscure their faces, march towards Snow's mansion with the other refugees. Katniss is almost recognized by a little girl who is carried by her mother. When they see Peacekeeper soldiers checking everyone's faces, they try to go back, but are forced to follow the crowd when the Peacekeepers start closing in from behind as well. Just as a Peacekeeper is about to expose Katniss, a nearby tank explodes -- the Rebellion soldiers have arrived in the Capitol. Katniss sees the little girl weeping over her dead mother. Gale is captured by the Peacekeepers and dragged away. He screams at her to shoot him with her bow, but she doesn't. Katniss runs to the front of Snow's mansion, where she sees parents passing their crying children from hand to hand through the crowd to get them through the mansion's gate -- children were the first priority in the evacuation. Then suddenly, a plane carrying the Capitol logo drops dozens of small, odd silvery pods on little parachutes. The crowd watches them fall; some people even reach out for them. The pods explode, killing many in the crowd, both adults and children. Katniss sees Prim, now a combat medic, trying to tend to the children. She screams a warning at Prim, only for another batch of bombs to drop and explode, killing Prim and knocking Katniss unconscious. A wounded and burned Katniss wakes up inside Snow's mansion while her mother (Paula Malcomson) tends Katniss's wounds. Haymitch (Woody Harrelson) informs her that the rebellion was successful, and that Coin is now leading them. From the moment that the Capitol bombs fell on the citizens, the Peacekeepers immediately turned against the Capitol, and the palace was taken within a short time. From her mother's wordless tears, Katniss learns that Prim died. When she's in shape again, Katniss explores the mansion and eventually goes to the garden, where Snow is held under guard in the conservatory. Though no one is allowed access, Commander Paylor grants her an audience with him. Snow is his cheery old self, as always, not seeming to mind his defeat. He tells Katniss that he was not responsible for the parachute bombs; he may not be above killing children, but he does not approve of waste either. He reveals that the bombs were part of Coin's secret plan to discredit him, and they worked -- even his guards turned against him for killing the children. He coughs up some more blood and wipes it away with his handkerchief. Katniss says in disgust, "I don't believe you." Snow answers, "Oh, my dear Miss Everdeen, I thought we had agreed not to lie to each other." Katniss is awaiting an audience with Coin. She meets first with Gale. Katniss indirectly blames him for Prim's death, as the circumstances of her death closely resemble the 'bomb trap' she heard him discuss earlier. He admits that he honestly doesn't know whose bombs killed Prim, though he apologizes for not protecting her. Katniss bitterly says "Goodbye, Gale." A meeting takes place with Coin and the surviving victors. Coin has appointed herself interim President of Panem and says she'll call elections when the time is right, but the people are currently in no state to vote yet. Snow is to be executed, but Coin fears that this will not satisfy the need for vengeance among the citizens of Panem. She has an idea: she wants to have another Hunger Games, but with Capitol children. She asks the victors to vote on it. Peeta, Annie, and Beetee are strongly against the idea, but Johanna and two other victors are in favor. It's all up to Katniss and Haymitch. After demanding that she be allowed to execute Snow, which Coin agrees to, Katniss says 'yes' for Prim, although she becomes aware of Coin's motive. Haymitch, after looking at Katniss as though she's lost her mind, nonetheless says "I'm with the Mockingjay," meaning the vote goes in Coin's favor, 4 to 3. Effie Trinket (Elizabeth Banks) dresses up Katniss for the execution, and Katniss pockets a Nightlock pill. Katniss marches alone into the arena, the large parade ground where the tributes used to be showcased, and where Snow is bound to a pole. President Coin (who is conveniently standing on a stage just beyond Snow) makes a speech before saying to Katniss, "May your aim be as true as your heart is pure." Katniss aims her arrow at Snow, who appears unfazed. Thinking of her last conversation with Snow and the meeting with Coin before the execution, Katniss realizes that Snow was telling the truth about Coin: she ordered the bombing of Capitol refugees that caused Prim's death. So rather than shooting Snow, Katniss turns her arrow and shoots Coin, killing her. The crowd is shocked as Coin tumbles to the ground, dead, while President Snow almost chokes from laughter. As the livid crowd charges towards the laughing Snow, Katniss tries to commit suicide by taking the pill, only for Peeta to smack it out of her hand. Katniss is dragged off and taken into custody as the crowd reaches Snow and they brutally beat him to death. Katniss is placed in a vacant, guarded room where Haymitch soon arrives and reads a letter written to her by Plutarch. Plutarch says that he regrets not meeting face to face, but in the light of what happened, it is better if he is not seen with her. He expresses his approval of what Katniss did. Nevertheless, she will be exiled for some time to her old District Twelve. He says the leaders of the districts are choosing an interim leader to replace Coin. It will probably be Commander Paylor, who will eventually pardon her for killing Coin. Plutarch says at the end: "We may mess up, but perhaps we may learn from our mistakes this time." Katniss is sent back by train to her home in the Victors Village in District Twelve, accompanied by Haymitch. After saying goodbye to Effie, Haymitch tells Effie not to be a stranger and kisses her. Back in Twelve, when Katniss enters her home, she sees Prim's cat Buttercup in the kitchen. She has an emotional meltdown over Prim, shouting at the cat that Prim is gone and never coming back. Then she hugs the cat and cries. She slowly builds herself up again by hunting. One day she finds Peeta planting primroses in her garden -- the flower her sister was named for. They hug and then after a montage of them living together, Peeta asks Katniss: "You love me. Real or not real?" Katniss answers: "Real." Several years later, Katniss and Peeta are married and have two children. Peeta is playing with the older child while Katniss peacefully holds the sleeping baby in the same field that opened the first Hunger Games film. The baby wakes up and fusses a little and Katniss asks, "did you have a nightmare?" She says someday she'll tell her children her story, and that nightmares are like a game played over and over again, and can feel tedious at times... "but there are worse games to play."
tt1292566
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The opening scenes introduce four individual women; Alice (Dakota Johnson) has been in a relationship with Josh (Nicholas Braun) for four years since college, but she has now decided she wants to spend time alone and not be held down in a relationship as she moves to New York City to start her new job. Robin (Rebel Wilson) is a plump Australian who loves partying, drinking, doing drugs, and being single which she takes advantage of whenever she can, and this usually leads to her ending up in a stranger's apartment. Meg (Leslie Mann), Alice's older sister, is a doctor who has delivered multiple babies but never felt the need to settle down and have one herself. Lucy (Alison Brie) is overbearing and a terminal neurotic klutz who comes off too strong around men, which usually scares them away. Lucy goes to the bar downstairs from her apartment to use the Wi-Fi. She meets the bartender, Tom (Anders Holm), who wonders why Lucy would be single. She uses an algorithm to determine that at least one guy in all of NYC has all the qualities she desires, and she's on multiple dating sites to find the right guy. Alice starts her job as a paralegal at the firm where Robin works. After work, Robin invites Alice to hang out with her in the city and see what it's like to enjoy single life the right way. At Tom's bar, Robin tries to entice Alice to flirt with various men, but Alice, being too forceful just like Lucy does her own pick up lines, makes a fool out of herself. The next morning, both ladies wake up hungover in Meg's apartment, along with someone Robin hooked up with. The two then head to work with only 30 minutes to spare. Robin takes Alice through a crazy fix-up routine that she claims she can do in 20... but they're late by 3 1/2 hours. At work, Meg is left to look after a woman's baby. After spending a few minutes alone with the kid, Meg quickly falls for it and admits to herself that she wants to have a kid of her own. Robin takes Alice back to Tom's bar for another night of partying and picking up men. Tom meets and ends up hooking up with Alice. She learns that Tom embraces his bachelor lifestyle and has a carefully-planned setup for making sure his hook-ups leave quickly the next morning, such as cutting off water so that women would have to leave and find water for their hangovers. Another evening or two later, Lucy is at the bar in her sweatpants, when she is approached by a bachelorette party of old friends. When pressed with the question of her relationship, Lucy awkwardly tries to come up with an answer until Tom swoops in and kisses her in front of the party, to their surprise. The next morning, Alice meets with Josh at her favorite pancake place to tell him she is ready to get back into a relationship. However, Josh says he is seeing someone else, upsetting Alice. Meg has decided to do IVF to have a baby. Her first donor's sample is unsuccessful, but the second one leads to a pregnancy. Almost soon afterwards, Alice brings Meg to an office party where Meg meets Ken (Jake Lacy). They hook up that night and eventually begin a relationship, but Meg hides the pregnancy from Ken. Alice takes Robin's advice and starts to put herself back out there. She starts trying new things like bike-riding through the city and taking a cooking class. She attends a Wesleyan alumni networking event and meets a single dad named David (Damon Wayans, Jr.). Alice and Robin go to a Christmas party held by Josh and his girlfriend Michelle (Sarah Ramos), with Alice having to pretend she is Josh's cousin. Annoyed at having to see the two of them dance together, Alice decides to leave to check out the Rockefeller tree. She bumps into David, who takes her to a building he owns where they get a great look at the tree. They then have their first kiss. Three months later, Alice and David are dating, but it goes bad when Alice meets David's five-year-old daughter Phoebe (Zani Jones Mbayise). They start to sing "Can't Take My Eyes Off You", which agitates David because he hasn't gotten over the passing of his wife and he's not ready for someone to step in and be a new mom for Phoebe. He breaks it off with Alice. Meanwhile, Lucy has been seeing a guy named Paul (Colin Jost), which bugs Tom because he realizes he's got feelings for her. After three weeks, Lucy learns that Paul has been seeing other people, and he breaks it off with her at Grand Central Station. Later, as Lucy is reading to children at a book store, she starts to freak out and make a scene in front of all the kids and their parents, going as far as trying to rip off her Spanx with safety scissors. She is stopped by George (Jason Mantzoukas), a man who works at the book store with whom she instantly shares an attraction. Ken is walking down the street and is shocked when he finds Meg in a store looking for baby products. He finally sees her baby bump and learns she is pregnant. He makes the mistake of calling her crazy (Meg tells him "you NEVER call a pregnant woman crazy!"), and although Ken wants to help her raise the baby, Meg thinks it won't work, so she breaks it off with him. Alice runs into Josh and his parents outside the pancake shop. They take a selfie, and it appears that Josh's mom still misses Alice. Josh later texts Alice admitting that he misses her too. She then gets an invite from Tom to get drunk. The two of them express their frustrations over the people they've been seeing. Alice then realizes they've reached their drink limit (because according to Robin, in every male-female friendship, there's a number of drinks to pass until they consider sleeping with each other), and she and Tom have sex. Another month or so later, Alice later has a birthday party on a roof that Robin throws for her. To her horror, Tom, Josh, AND David are all there, having been invited by Robin. Alice tries to avoid all of them and argues with Robin, leading to Robin saying that Alice always falls into a guy's "dicksand" and loses her identity in a relationship. Meanwhile, Tom finds Lucy and tries to admit his feelings to Lucy, but she's engaged to George. She says that Tom doesn't really love her, and that he should move on. Alice goes to the fire escape to be alone, only to be met by Josh. They go back to make out, until he lets slip that he's engaged to Michelle. Alice realizes what Robin was talking about, and she leaves. She gets into a cab, which Robin jumps in front of to get a ride for Meg, who is going into labor. The three head to the hospital, but Robin leaves the sisters to their business. Meg gives birth to a healthy baby girl. Ken shows up, having been called by Alice. He tells Meg he loves her, and she admits she loves him too. They rekindle their relationship and spend time with the baby. A few weeks later, Alice goes to Robin's apartment to apologize, and they express their love for each other. Alice then discovers that Robin is very wealthy and has a huge apartment. In the epilogue, we see what happens to the main characters; Robin is still happily single and still the party-girl type at local nightclubs. Meg and Ken are raising the child together. Lucy and George get married. Tom fixes the plumbing in his home, indicating he is ready to commit in some way. David opens up to his daughter about losing her mother, and they watch a video of Phoebe when she was little with her mother, who sings "Can't Take My Eyes Off You" to her, making David tear up. In the final shot, Alice decides to finally enjoy single life and goes hiking through the Grand Canyon.
tt1841642
Horror,Thriller
(Note: portions of this synopsis are told in chronological order to eliminate confusion) In the opening credits the audience is told the story of a group of teenagers whom performed a satanic ritual in a rural Louisiana home in the 1980s - causing one of the teens to murder the four others and then commit suicide. In the present day an elderly man is sent to investigate the long abandoned home after his wife claims to have heard strange noises coming from the property. After he does so he calls the police and Detective Mark Lewis is dispatched to the scene despite his plans that evening to have wine and dinner with his girlfriend police psychologist Dr. Elizabeth Klein. Entering the house, Lewis discovers the dead bodies of three individuals - brutally murdered with an axe - and discovers a fourth in the upstairs bedroom who turns out to be still alive. Taking the survivor from the scene, the young man (named John) begins to recount the occurrences leading up to the murders. As Lewis launches a homicide investigation he calls in Elizabeth to handle John's interrogation - unsure if he's a victim or the suspect. John recounts events from a week earlier when he was interviewed by his girlfriend Michelle and her brother Sam regarding visions he was having of his deceased mother sitting in a house he didn't recognize telling him to "let go". Michelle and Sam, as it turns out, are a part of a amateur ghost-hunting team consisting of themselves and three others: Paul (Michelle's jealous ex-boyfriend and leader of the group), Jules (the team's expert on spirits and occult knowledge), and Donnie (a quiet tech guy). Michelle and Sam insist that if they can investigate the location within which John's mother appears in these visions he can gain some closure, sleep better, and stop having them altogether. Days later when the team deduces that the house in John's visions is none other than the same one that the satanic murders took place in the 1980s, the group heads off to investigate - John reluctantly coming along. Tensions are high between Paul and John during the ride there and when the team begins to set up all their equipment. As strange occurrences begin to happen, John somehow reveals the location of a large circular design hidden under a rug. This design turns out to be the seal that was used in the ritual performed in the '80s, used to summon and communicate with the spirit world. Later on when a painting suddenly bursts into flames John runs to fetch a fire extinguisher from a nearby closet and puts out the blaze. The team realize once again John inexplicably knew where something was and tests his knowledge of the home - John somehow knowing the location of a drawing of a girl underneath some wallpaper and an image of the seal imprinted on the back of a photograph. Jules is suddenly pulled across the house by an invisible force and when the group recovers her John insists that they must leave the house before something worse happens. Both Paul and Jules rebuff this, explaining that this kind of evidence is what they've been searching for as ghost-hunters and recording/sharing it would not only be ground-breaking but would legitimize their choice of work. A distressed John continues to try and convince Michelle to leave but the two are approached by Paul who reveals that he discovered that John's mother was not only present in the house the night of the murders in the '80s but she was also the only survivor of that night. Paul explains that if they stay and perform the seance then perhaps John can communicate with his mother and figure out what she's trying to tell him - putting her soul to rest. The group uses the seal to perform the seance and as an increasing number of paranormal things begin to occur around them Jules repeatedly reminds everyone to not "break the circle" by releasing the hands of those on either side of them. During the chaos and confusion, Michelle begins to experience severe pain and John sees his mother next to him - telling him to let go. When John lets go and breaks the circle to aid Michelle things turn for the worst and the group scrambles away in different directions - John eventually coming across Paul who's standing in front of a painting repeating over and over that he must kill everyone in the house. Paul attacks John, who manages to escape, and Paul disappears into the darkness. Back in the present, Dr. Klein continues to grill John about what happened in the house - uncovering that Michelle is ten weeks pregnant - while Detective Lewis tries to piece together events from physical evidence and what they can find on corrupted video recordings. Eventually, Lewis deduces that the three dead bodies belong to Sam, Jules, and Donnie and that Michelle and Paul are nowhere to be found. Given the information that John has provided up to this point, Paul appears to be the killer and he may have fled the house in pursuit of Michelle. When a stolen vehicle report comes in from nearby, Lewis puts in APB out on the car which is soon found, crashed, not far away. When police officers approach the overturned vehicle they find a badly injured but alive Paul but no Michelle. Paul suddenly awakens and injures one of the officers, takes his gun, and flees into the woods - eventually making it to a convenience store where he assaults the cashier and quickly becomes cornered by the police. Lewis goes to confront Paul at the store and has his officers slide a walkie-talkie through the door - hoping to negotiate. When John hears what's happening over Dr. Klein's radio he grabs it and begins yelling and threatening Paul - demanding to know where Michelle is. When he hears John's voice Paul picks up the walkie-talkie and begins screaming into it over and over. On the other end, John flies backwards and begins to have convulsions as he goes into cardiac arrest - the convulsions getting worse each time Paul screams into the walkie-talkie. Dr. Klein pleads with Lewis to do something to stop this and the detective fires three rounds into Paul's chest. As Lewis leans over a dying Paul he asks him where Michelle is to which Paul responds by grabbing the cross necklace around Lewis' neck before succumbing to his wounds. One of the other officers then points out that the reason Paul wasn't communicating with anyone was because he had had his tongue removed. Returning to the house, Lewis enters the bedroom where he first discovered John and goes into the walk-in closet which held a box of crucifixes he had noticed before. Exploring the closet, Lewis finds a small hidden door into the interior of the house where he finds a bound and gagged Michelle. As she's being helped away by paramedics she repeats "same room" over and over to Lewis. Between interviews with John, Dr. Klein conducts research of her own and discovers that the seal used in both the past and present seances is called the "Seal of the Left Hand Path" and is intended to release a demon from its prison by possessing someone involved in the seance, murdering the others, and then committing suicide before transferring to a "pure vessel" and being reborn into our world. When Dr. Klein's attention is brought to footage just un-corrupted from the house she sees that it was in fact John who was standing in front of the painting repeating that everyone had to die, not Paul, and further footage shows him attacking Paul and removing his tongue before murdering Jules, Donnie, and Sam. Dr. Klein goes to confront "John" with this revelation who tells her it's too late and that he will be free before an invisible force begins to choke her. Lewis suddenly enters the room, having found the real John's dead body in the same room where he found Michelle - having committed suicide by hanging. As Dr. Klein is released by her attacker, "John" disappears into thin air as Michelle is moved across the seal on the floor of the house. Dr. Klein frantically views the footage from the camera which had been recording her interviews to find that "John" doesn't appear anywhere on the recording. As Michelle is transported away in an ambulance she tells the paramedic that she felt a kick from her baby. The paramedic checks to make sure that the child is alive and healthy and confirms as much. The film ends with the now demon-possessed child moving around in Michelle's womb...
tt2361509
Comedy,Drama
Senior citizen Ben (Robert DeNiro) shoots a video resume for an intern job he wants. He's responding to a flyer asking for senior citizens to apply for an internship via a video stating why they should be hired. He says he's a 70-year-old widower living a comfortable life but feels he needs to be more productive. He gets a call for an interview. The company is called 'About The Fit' and is run by Jules Ostin (Anne Hathaway). Originally started from her kitchen, the online clothes retailing company now has gained more than 200 employees since its founding only 18 months earlier. We first see Jules answering a customer service call from a bride complaining that her bridesmaids dresses are the wrong color. Jules takes full responsibility, is very helpful, promises to fix the glitch and even gives her own number to the bride. She moves around in her office on a bike, rarely has time to stop and celebrate co-workers' birthdays in the office or have a complete conversation with her mother. At his interview with a series of people, Ben reveals that he used to work for a company that made phone books. The interviewer (Nat Wolff) also asks him where he sees himself in the next ten years and then realizes the question really doesn't apply. He tells him that he did great in his interviews and video and is quite overqualified for the job. Jules's co-worker Cameron (Andrew Rannels) informs her that Ben is going to be her intern, and they had jointly agreed to the outreach program a few month ago. She asks and is advised that the minimum time for her to put up with him is six weeks, since she has to make an example. Ben takes care to dress impeccably for his first day at work. Jason (Adam Devine) shows him and three other interns (two senior citizens including Celia Watson as Doris, and a young man, Zack Pearl as Davis). While Davis sets up his table with various gadgets, Ben's table has basic stationery and a simple calculator and watch. The other employees are friendly and help him start up the computer. He is informed by Jules's assistant Becky that he has a meeting with her at exactly 3.55 pm, and he should be prompt because there's another meeting at 4:00 pm. Becky also tells him to talk fast and blink a lot, because her boss is disturbed by people who do not. In the meeting, Jules informs him that she will not have much for him to do. However, she will email him if something comes up. He does not hear from her for a few days. Nonetheless he makes himself productive, getting to know the ropes around the place and learning how to deal with the technology. He helps whomever he can and is referred to as Mr. Congeniality by Cameron. In addition, he also gives old school sensible advice to the youngsters when they need it, such as telling Jason to talk properly to Becky for cheating on her since his evasive text messages did not get any response. His first task assigning email is from Becky, asking him to have Jules's jacket cleaned. She spilled soy sauce on it, but she's wearing it and he has to get it from her. In the office, Cameron is telling Jules that their investors think that it's all going too fast at About The Fit and a seasoned CEO could handle affairs better and help them keep up with their success. Ben overhears this. Jules is clearly upset at the thought of having a boss although she admits that they have problems. Cameron advises her to look at the list of CEOs they have and take her time to meet them and decide on one. Ben starts to be noticed more and more around the office especially after he is lauded by having a bell rung for him (an office practice to highlight good performance) for clearing out a desk that was the office dumping spot and routinely got on Jules's nerves. The office masseuse Fiona (Renee Russo) gives him a massage and it's evident he is attracted to her, as Davis needs to give him a magazine to put on his lap commenting he is not as old as Davis thought. One day Ben notices the driver who drives Jules around drinking on the job and tells him to inform Jules he can not drive, or he will have to spill the beans. Ben takes over. She informs him that she can not sit in the front and that she will be making calls in the back, the contents of which should stay confidential. Her first call is from her mother who informs her that women who sleep less are more likely to gain weight. They clearly don't have a great equation. She calls Cameron next and tells him she is meeting one of the CEOs on the list. The meeting is very short. Cameron isn't convinced she is really trying. Ben has meanwhile bought her a cup of soup having realized that she hasn't eaten. While dropping her at home, he tells her he believes she should rest more and when she is in doubt she should remember that she started the company from nothing. At home, we see her daughter Paige and husband Matt, who is a stay at home dad. He looks disappointed the CEO thing did not work out. He is very involved, and their daughter seems loved and happy. Jules falls asleep in her daughter's bed, and when she returns to her own, Matt is asleep and too tired to make love. Becky calls Ben the next morning telling him Jules's driver is not responding to her calls, and he needs to pick her up. Matt invites Ben in for a coffee while he waits. Paige and Matt seem to like him. Ben quietly observes the dynamics at home and the school playground where the other moms seem to look down on Jules for being a busy career woman while she is dropping Paige. Later on, she handles a situation at their warehouse, and he seems impressed. Ben goes to see Fiona at her office where she gives him a foot rub. Davis suddenly walks in, confuses what he sees from his angle for a blow job, and runs away. Lewis (Jason Orley) has to deliver a package to an address he thinks may be Jay Z's, and Ben gives him sartorial advice. Jason also seems to have made progress with Becky after talking to her like Ben suggested. One day while Jules is working late, and Ben is working on his computer waiting around to drop her home, she brings over her pizza to talk and eat with him. He asks her about a meeting she had with another CEO that didn't go too well either. He tells her about his previous employment, which was actually in the same building before phone books became redundant altogether. They bond, and she helps him set up his Facebook account, and friends him, finding out more about him in the process. The next day, Doris comes to pick her up. The minimum period she had to put up with an intern, six weeks, is over, and Ben has been transferred. The 72-year-old Doris can not drive, and Jules takes over, while calling Cameron asking for Ben back. She goes to find him in a coffee shop where he is picking up coffee for the department he currently works at. She helps him with the coffee, apologizes, tells him she feels calmer in his presence and offers him his old job back. She also moves him closer to her work space, right next to Becky. Becky starts crying because she is already overwhelmed with her workload and is threatened by the new development as she is a Business graduate from Penn, who can't seem to do anything right. Jason steps in to comfort her and gives her Ben's hanky, while Ben calms her down, so she isn't threatened by him. Ben begins to give insightful opinions and shows that he has useful experience. Jules gives him more and more responsibility, surprising Cameron. Ben also points out Becky's input and degree encouraging Jules to say something nice to Becky. Davis, who had a deadline for moving out from his parents, declares he is moving to Philadelphia to crash with his cousin. Realizing his commute will be crazy, Ben offers him a room in his house. He is impressed with Ben's house and wardrobe, especially his affinity for handkerchiefs which Ben insists gentlemen must carry. The next morning at Jules's, Matt turns down a trip to San Francisco where Jules has to meet a CEO on account of school activities Paige is looking forward to. Jules has a work crisis to deal with, during which a phone call from her mother makes her mad. She writes a ranting email about her overbearing mother to Matt but accidentally sends it to her mom. She asks her coworkers to do something about it. Ben volunteers to go to her mother's house and delete it from her laptop before she comes back from work at 5.30 pm. Jason, Davis and Lewis accompany him and after some glitches they get the job done. That night Jules takes them out for drinks and gets to know them for the first time. Jules gets drunk and vomits in a trash bin outside. Meanwhile, Ben and Fiona have gotten close. He takes her to a funeral of another friend as their first official date. When Ben goes to pick up Jules the morning after that, he finds Matt sick and Paige in tears at the prospect of going to a party with a sitter, so he agrees to take her instead. In a very dignified manner, he defends Jules's career and professionalism in front of the catty moms making it sound like partly their victory that one of their own made it so big. Paige is not feeling well, so they leave the party early. However, he finds that Matt was faking his illness to meet another mom who he is clearly having an affair with when he sees him walk out of another rowhouse with the woman whom he gets into her car with and drives away. Since Paige is asleep, Ben waits a few hours for Matt's return by driving around the neighborhood. He drops a sleeping Paige off when Matt is back home. Matt asks Ben's take on the CEO situation saying he hopes it will be good for them. Ben replies that that a CEO will not be able to fix what is wrong in their house. Matt seems unnerved, but back at the office (where Jules is finally part of a co-workers birthday celebrations) Ben is in worse shape as his blood pressure acts up, and his co-workers show concern for his health. They take off for San Francisco the next day. Jules tells him she knows there's something he isn't telling her since he doesn't look directly at her and blinks little. He admits to being a softy despite his manly exterior and suggests they enjoy their first class plane ride. That night a fire alarm goes off in their hotel. When Ben escorts Jules back to her room, it is clear she wants company. She invites him in and asks him about his marriage, eventually confiding in him that she found out 18 days ago that Matt was cheating on her. Ben told her he saw them the previous day as Jules breaks down. He comforts her and tells her she should only hire the CEO if she wants to, not for anyone else, and she should be able to have both a great career and a good marriage. The next day, her meeting with the CEO takes longer than most of her meetings so far. When she is done, she tells Ben that she hired him on the spot, though the CEO told her to sleep on it. Back at home she informs Matt and tells him she thinks it will be great for us. He asks "who the us" refers to, and she clarifies that she meant Jules and Matt, not About The Fit. However, she breaks down as she is taking a bath that night, showing she is clearly unhappy with her decision. She visits Ben in the morning, and is pleasantly surprised to see Davis and then Fiona emerge from his apartment. She tells him it still feels like it is a right decision. He recalls the time at the warehouse and tells her no one will have the commitment she has to her company, even if they have more experience. He doesn't see how giving up her company in hopes that her husband will stop having an affair adds up, and tells her she came here because she wanted to hear it. She adds that it is also because he is her best friend. The bridesmaid from the customer service call she took at the beginning of the movie has sent her pictures of the bridal party and a thank you note. Also, the CEO she met in San Fransisco sent her some flowers. She asks Becky to put him on the phone in a decisive voice. Just then, Matt walks in saying she should not hire the CEO for him. She needs to do what's right for her. She informs him that she is aware of his affair as he is about to admit to it and asks if it is over. They recommit to each other and promise to do better. Jules tells him she was going to call the CEO and tell him that she changed her mind. They kiss. She goes after Ben to tell him that she changed her mind, to find him in a Tai Chi group. She joins him, finally letting herself relax.
tt2908446
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
Picking up shortly where the first film, 'Divergent' ended, Jeanine Matthews (Kate Winslet) sends a message to every faction in the city. She says that after the war, peace seemed unattainable. Now, she feels the opposite way, and that peace can be achieved so long as they purge the city of their one enemy - the Divergents. At the same time, Jeanine's men go to the Prior home in Abnegation and retrieve a box with a symbol of each faction on it, holding what is believed to be a message from the founders of the city. They need a Divergent to unlock it. Tris Prior (Shailene Woodley) runs back to her home in Amity with her brother Caleb (Ansel Elgort) and lover Four (Theo James). She approaches the residents of Amity, but they all stand away from her. Tris sees her parents Andrew (Tony Goldwyn) and Natalie (Ashley Judd) bloodied, and Natalie says that Tris killed her and all of the people around her. This is only a nightmare. In reality, Tris is adjusting to Amity with Caleb, Four, Peter (Miles Teller), and Four's father Marcus (Ray Stevenson). Four remains distant from Marcus, despite how much he wants to talk to his son. During lunch, Tris talks about wanting to go back to Erudite and kill Jeanine to prevent more deaths from happening. Caleb argues that this is a bad idea. Peter makes a comment on not getting Caleb killed, just like how Tris got her parents killed. Enraged, Tris attacks Peter with a knife, cutting his cheek. The leader of Amity, Johanna Reyes (Octavia Spencer) calls Tris to her office, saying that her presence in what is supposed to be a peaceful community is distracting and that they may be asked to leave. Johanna warns Tris not to let her want for revenge get ahold of her. Then, a team of vans, led by Eric (Jai Courtney) and Max (Mekhi Phifer), comes bursting through the gates, hunting for Divergents. Tris, Four, and Caleb hide in the office, but Peter rats them out, forcing them to make a run for it. The soldiers aim their guns at them, and Marcus stands in their way, leading to him getting knocked out as Four watches. The three evade the soldiers and make it down to the traintracks. Four holds the soldiers off and just manages to jump over the tracks before the train hits him. The three hop the train and encounter a large group of Factionless people led by Edgar (Jonny Weston). They violently attack the three after Edgar almost pushes Caleb off the train. In self-defense, Caleb ends up beating one Factionless to death, horrifying him. They stop attacking when Four says his name is Tobias Eaton. Knowing who he is, the Factionless take the three to their leader and Four's mother, Evelyn (Naomi Watts). She explains that she faked her death when Four was six because Marcus was too abusive, but she regrets leaving her son behind. Her plan is to unite the Factionless and Dauntless to fight back against Jeanine and her forces. Four refuses to have any part in his mother's plans. That night, Tris is sleeping with Four, when Evelyn appears in the doorway. She sits by the bed and asks Tris if she thinks he will still love her when he realizes what she really is - deadly. Tris then sees Four bloodied by her side. It's another nightmare. The next morning, Tris and Four head to Candor, but Caleb heads in another direction. In Candor, Tris and Four reunite with the surviving Dauntless, including Christina (Zoe Kravitz) and Tori (Maggie Q). Christina asks Tris if she's heard from their friend Will, unaware that Tris had to kill him in his hypnotic state. Tris says she hasn't heard anything. Tris and Four are then apprehended and brought before the Candor leader Jack Kang (Daniel Dae Kim). He doesn't believe that they are truthful in what they say about Jeanine issuing the attacks and then framing them for crimes she committed. Four convinces Jack to let the two of them stand trial. Four is injected with a truth serum and stands before the Candors. He tells them how he joined Dauntless to escape his father's abuse and that he planned to join the Factionless until he fell in love with Tris. Tris goes up with the serum in her, but the more she resists telling the truth, the more it pains her. She then admits that she was responsible for the deaths of many, including her parents and Will, to the shock and anger of Christina. Back in Erudite, Jeanine is testing Divergents out to see who can unlock the box. She has a girl put in a simulation, but the girl dies. Jeanine determines that a particularly special Divergent must be brought to complete the task. Peter comes in and swears loyalty to Erudite. He tells Jeanine the best way to get Tris to give herself up is to play to her humanity. Tris stands on a rooftop where she is approached by a young man named Uriah (Keiynan Lonsdale). He engages in pleasant conversation with Tris when Eric and his soldiers invade and start shooting the Candors with a sim serum to the neck. He has people lined up and starts to scan them to see which Divergent it is that they need. Eric scans Uriah and sees he is 10% Divergent, and he executes him. Eric then scans a little girl who is 40% Divergent. Before he can shoot her, Tris pushes him over. Max comes over to scan Tris and sees she is 100% Divergent. Four shows up and fights Eric, bringing him to his knees with a gun to his head. Eric asks if Four can live with killing someone the way Eric already has. Four shoots him in the head. The sim serums activate on Christina, a young boy, and a girl named Marlene (Suki Waterhouse) as they stand over a ledge. They chant in unison for Tris to turn herself in or more will die. The three of them move closer as Tris and Tori run to rescue them. Tris grabs Christina and Tori grabs the boy, but Marlene falls over to her death. Four returns to Factionless to join his mother's cause against Erudite. A guilt-ridden Tris decides that she must turn herself in to Jeanine if she wants to prevent anymore deaths. Once she gets to Erudite, she is immediately taken in and brought to the sim room. Caleb, having rejoined Erudite, meets Tris in the sim room before it commences. He claims it is selfless of him to allow his sister to risk herself for the good of many. Tris is stuck with multiple wires and must go through a simulation of every faction to unlock the box. Her first test is a Dauntless sim. She is in the ruins of the city where she sees her mother in a building. The building catches fire, and Natalie calls Tris for help. Tris runs to her as the building starts to float into the air. She grabs a pipe and climbs to the top. She falls off briefly but manages to catch up and climb into the home to grab onto her mother. After she passes this, she must go through the Candor sim, which involves a sim of Four breaking her out with others behind him. Tris gets a gun and faces Peter on the floor. She spares his life and keeps going. She then realizes that Four isn't real, and she passes the sim. She also passed the Abnegation sim by sparing Peter's life. Tris starts to lose energy, and Jeanine reluctantly allows her to rest up before continuing. When the tests continue, Tris is put in the Erudite sim, which puts her in a building as it explodes. She flies and falls back several hundred feet and smashes into the ground. This causes her to appear dead, to Jeanine's frustration. Peter brings Tris's motionless body to Four, who reacts angrily toward Peter. Tris then gasps a breath of air, and Peter leads Four to attack the guards, now helping the heroes out. Peter gets into the computer system and lets Tris complete the final sim, Amity. She is forced to fight herself, as she is the one person she hates more than Jeanine. Sim-Tris taunts Real Tris over the deaths of her loved ones, but Real Tris knows she will eventually be able to forgive herself. After she passes this, the box is unlocked. Everyone sees what the message is - a woman (Janet McTeer) says that everyone in the city was part of an experiment to see if humanity can continue to thrive, and that the true saviors of this world would be the Divergents, so if one were to unlock this message, it would mean everyone is ready to go beyond the walls of the city. Knowing this would eliminate her power, Jeanine orders the box to be hidden from everyone, and for Tris and Four to be executed. The Factionless army then invades, seizing Jeanine and the box. The message is played throughout all the factions. Everybody starts heading toward the walls and outside the city. Tris is seen as a hero for leading them to a new discovery. Meanwhile, Jeanine watches from the window in her cell as everybody advances beyond the city. Evelyn comes in behind her. Jeanine says that after 200 years since the city came to be, she wonders what could be out there. Evelyn tells her she'll never find out, and she kills Jeanine with a bullet to the back of the head.
tt3640424
Action,Drama,Romance
French Morocco, 1940 Max Vatan (Brad Pitt) parachutes into the desert. He walks some distance before he is met by a driver who supplies him with luggage, a wedding ring, a weapon, and false documents. The driver tells Max that the woman he is to meet will be wearing a purple dress, and to "look for the hummingbird." Max arrives at a club in Casablanca. He finds the woman, Marianne Beausejour (Marion Cotillard). She instantly knows who he is and excitedly greets him with a kiss. They pose as husband and wife to Marianne's friends before they leave. As they drive away, Marianne compliments Max on making a convincing appearance, but she criticizes his Parisian French accent. Max and Marianne's mission is to kill the Nazi ambassador. They work on their ruse posing as a married couple by living together and trying to make their charade convincing. The two meet with the ambassador, Hobar (August Diehl). Marianne does most of the talking as she tries to convince Hobar that Max is her French assistant. Hobar insists Max attend a party, but Max pretends he would rather play poker. Hobart challenges him to split a deck of cards. If he gets the low card, he must come to the party. Max expertly shuffles the deck and picks the low card, the outcome he desired. They continue preparing for their operation, including target practice, and pretend to be husband and wife. Max resists Marianne's sincere advances for a while until they have sex in Max's car in the middle of a sandstorm. The two attend the party with multiple Nazi officials present. When Hobar descends the stairs and speaks to the assembled guests, there is a large explosion outside. Max and Marianne seize weapons from under a table and shoot the Germans. Max wounds Hobar and then finishes him off with an expert shot to the head. Marianne kills one German when he tries to shoot her, and she nearly kills his wife until Max pulls her away. They continue shooting until they drive away. With the mission completed, Max and Marianne prepare to part ways, but he invites her to join him in London where they can get married. She agrees to join him and they wed. An air raid takes place over London. Marianne is in labor and is evacuated from the hospital as bombs start dropping. Max stands by her side, and Marianne gives birth in the hospital courtyard to a baby girl that they name Anna. After a year, Max and Marianne have grown accustomed to their life as a family. They have truly fallen in love. Max is called in to meet with a commanding officer, Frank Heslop (Jared Harris), as well as an S.O.E. official (Simon McBurney). They inform Max that Marianne is suspected of being a German spy. The real Marianne Beausejour had been killef, and that a German spy (Max's wife) took the dead woman's identity. Max learns that Hobar was a dissident and Hitler had wanted him dead. The officer orders Max to conduct a test of Marianne's loyalty, a Blue Dye operation, or both of them will be shot. Max is infuriated that they question his wife's loyalty, but agrees to cooperate, until he decides to investigate the truth on his own. Max plans to hold a party for Frank and other officers to help them see that Marianne is who she says she is. Max goes to his sister Bridget's (Lizzy Caplan) home to invite her and her girlfriend Louise (Charlotte Hope). Max visits an former associate of Marianne's named Guy Sangster (Matthew Goode). Max finds Guy in an hospital recuperating from injuries, confined to a wheelchair, and his face horribly disfigured from his wounds. Max tries to show Guy a photo of Marianne on their wedding day so he can identify her, but Guy's right eye was shot off, and the retina in his left eye is dislodged, so he can only see a white figure. He screams at Max for what has happened to him, but also tells him of another man in France, Paul Delamare, who knew Marianne. Frank orders one of his pilots flying a clandestine mission to supply Resistance fighters in France to find Paul, a one -armed man, and confirm Marianne's identity. While waiting for the answer, he is delayed and killed by Germans. The party goes on at Max and Marianne's home. Numerous guests are in attendance, with several of them getting intimate in various corners around the house. During the party, an air raid occurs. A German plane is shot down and appears to be going to crash into their apartment. Max runs upstairs to get Anna, but Marianne already has her. He protects them as the plane narrowly misses and crashes in a field behind their house. Max flies into France and looks for Paul Delamare (Thierry Fremont). Resistance members tell him Paul is in jail. They sneak into town and go to the Gendarme's office so Max can talk to Paul, the former associate of Marianne's. The soldiers take the Gendarme's keys at gunpoint and enters Paul's cell. He is very drunk and he pukes when Max wakes him up. Paul tries to go for his flask, but Max takes it away until Paul answers his questions. He shows Paul the picture of Marianne and asks if he knows who she is. Paul's answers seem to confirm her identity until he mentions that when he saw her, she played the French Marseilles on the piano like a goddess right in front of the Germans. Max is stunned. The Gendarme alerts German troops seeking black market cigarettes to the presence of the Resistance soldiers. Max and his comrades shoot the Germans, and Max tosses a grenade into their personnel carrier before administering a coup de grâce to the wounded Germans. Max returns to England and demands that Marianne go with him. He takes her to an pub where he tells her to play the piano and the French song Marseilles that Paul had mentioned. After hesitating, Marianne closes the piano, as she knows the story. She starts crying as she didn't think the Germans would find her in England. But they did and threatened to harm Anna if Marianne didn't spy for them. She admits she sent the message last night and she has been forced to spy for the Germans. Max is furious, but he asks her if she really loved him. Marianne says that she does love him and the life they have together. Max plans to take Marianne and Anna away. He kills the nanny and a jeweler who were her handlers. They go to an airfield where Max tries to get a plane started, but Frank and other soldiers arrive. Frank confronts Max and is preparing to take him in for treason. Marianne gently sets Anna down in the backseat and takes a gun from the glove compartment. She gets out of the car and tells Max she loves him and to take care of Anna. She turns her back and shoots herself in the head. Max takes his jacket off and covers Marianne's body. Frank orders the other soldiers to report that Max killed Marianne by his own hand. In the final scene, Marianne writes a letter for Anna to read when she is older. She writes how she loved her, Max, and the year they had together in London. The last thing we see as Marianne's voice-over finishes is an older Max and teen-aged Anna walking through the field of their ranch.
tt2937898
Action,Crime,Drama
Abel Morales is a businessman who tries to do everything honestly. He has been building his business of fuel distribution to quite a big position. He now lands a deal to purchase a bay-front storage facility that will increase the business greatly. But this deal has a risky clause which states that if Abel fails to pay the rest of the due payment, the facility and the deposit will be gone. His trucks have been targeted by robbers from the last few months, which scared his drivers. He even gets an intimidation visit by burglars. Additionally, the DA wants to charges the business with felony counts. His wife suddenly reveals a gun she purchases for her protection, of which he strongly disagrees. Despite his disapproval, Abels drivers arm themselves with guns but lack the permit for them. When another heist occurs and one of his driver fires shots, Abel has to go himself and find the missing driver to turn him to the police. The driver Julian is found, but he ran away when hes about to be turned in. Abel goes every where to get loans as the closure time nears. From one of his competitors the Lefkowicz, Abel gets a deal for 500 thousand dollars or the 1.5 millions he needs. The facility owner grants him an extra three day time, in which he uses to see his brother to ask him to mortgage his apartment to help Abel. He also convenes all his other surrounding competitors saying that he knows at least one of them is in league with his trucks hijackers. On his way home he accidentally finds one of his trucks being hijacked. He follows the truck through a chase. After capturing the robber he finds that one of his competitors has been buying the stolen fuel. When the money needed is only 600 thousand more, he runs out of time. But his wife suddenly pulls out a bank account with enough cash in it. To his surprise, his wife has been skimming money from the company all this time. Finally he decides to use the money and completes the deal. Julian comes to the facility; angry thinking that he gets nothing while Abel gets everything. Abel convinces him theres a second chance, but he commit suicide then and there. Abel then asks for a deal with the visiting DA for his business.
tt2397535
Action,Drama,Mystery
The film begins with a temporal agent attempting to apprehend an infamous terrorist known as the 'Fizzle Bomber', who planted a bomb in a building attempting to kill hundreds of people. The agent succeeds in containing the bomb but is severely injured when his face is partially exposed to the resulting explosion. The Fizzle Bomber manages to escape and the temporal agent returns to his timeline (in the future) using a coordinate transformer field kit (a time machine) with the help of an unknown person. Returning to the future, in 1992, the agent awakens to find that he has undergone facial surgery to save his life. Doctors grafted on new skin and reconstructed the agent's face and throat as they were badly damaged. It is revealed during this time that the agent works for a mysterious organization, known as the Temporal Bureau, that sends temporal agents through time to prevent major crimes that would cost the lives of thousands of people and that the Fizzle Bomber is the only criminal to elude them thus far; the Fizzle Bomber is also responsible for killing 11,000 people in New York in 1975. Once the agent is healed, he is ordered to embark on a final mission before he is decommissioned from the agency. The agent accepts the mission, uses his coordinate transformer field kit (which is disguised as a violin case) to travel back in time to 1978, and works as a bartender in New York. The bartender seemingly awaits the arrival of a particular customer who he starts chatting with. This customer, a man, is referred to as the 'Unmarried Mother' since he writes confession magazines, many of them presumably from the point of view of an unmarried mother. The Unmarried Mother and bartender start talking and the Unmarried Mother wagers a bottle of liquor if his story is enough to shock or surprise the bartender. The bartender agrees and the Unmarried Mother tells the bartender of his past. The Unmarried Mother explains that he was originally a girl and was taken into an orphanage on September 13, 1945, when she was left at the orphanage doorstep. She was named 'Jane' by one of the workers at the orphanage. The Unmarried Mother recounts events in his life when he was a girl, saying that he envied children with parents and felt he was different somehow. He also states that he was quite gifted and was very good in all scientific fields and was physically strong, being able to fight boys. The Unmarried Mother tells the bartender that she wanted to join the space corps to help and service astronauts in space as she wanted to go to outer space herself and enlisted. Jane excelled in all the tests set for her by the space corps, but she was disqualified during the selection process as doctors found a medical anomaly during her physical, revealing that Jane has an inter-sex condition were he/she has two sets of sex organs: male and female. The doctors do not tell Jane this, however, and she tries to move on with her life. Jane eventually goes to night classes in Cleveland to work on her demeanor and charm, but accidentally stumbles into a stranger on her way home on April 3, 1963. The two begin talking and soon start a relationship together. The Unmarried Mother tells the bartender that the two fell in love and that she believed she had met the only person who she truly cared about, but eventually the stranger left Jane and never came back. Emotionally distraught, Jane is approached by Mr. Robertson, thought to be one of the recruiting officers at the space corps, who tells Jane that he actually works for a different organization that could use someone with her intelligence and physical abilities and offers her a chance to join. Jane is about to accept his proposition, but falls pregnant from when she was with the stranger. Jane eventually gives birth to a baby girl, but a C-section is required to successfully remove the baby. One of the doctors whoim performed the operation then tells Jane that during the operation they had to surgically remove her uterus and ovaries, but since they found male sex organs intact, they surgically reconstructed Jane into a man. Jane's child is kidnapped by an unknown man. Jane is completely reconstructed into a man with further operations. The Unmarried Mother explains that as life went on, he became a writer and started writing confession stories under the pen name 'The Unmarried Mother'. The Unmarried Mother concludes the story and asks if he has earned the bottle of liquor. The bartender almost gives him the bottle, but quickly reveals that he knows the Unmarried Mother's new male name which is 'John' and other details in John/Jane's life. John eventually follows the bartender into a secure basement underneath the bar. The bartender tells John that he actually works for Mr. Robertson, and that the organization Mr. Robertson was referring to was the Temporal Bureau. The bartender then offers John the chance to kill the man who ruined "his" life, with no repercussions as long as he agrees to be recruited into the Temporal Bureau afterwards. John accepts and they travel back in time to April 3, 1963, in Cleveland, Ohio. The bartender arms John with a gun to confront the man who seduced, impregnated, and abandoned Jane, telling him exactly where and when to find him. John is directed to Cleveland College, but when he gets there he accidentally meets Jane, his younger female self, while the bartender/temporal agent looks on from a distance and eventually uses his time machine to travel into the future. The agent ends up in the exact same building in New York in the beginning of the film, only he arrives a few minutes earlier than his former self to stop the Fizzle Bomber. He spots the Fizzle Bomber and fights him, but is incapacitated in the ensuing fight. He then wakes to the sound of an explosion and gunfire and realizes that his former self (from the beginning of the movie) has been injured and he wasn't able to stop the bomber. He is revealed to be the man who helps his former self reach his time machine in order to get back to the Temporal Bureau in 1985. The temporal agent uses his time machine to travel back to March 1964 where he meets with Robertson. The agent managed to grab some evidence from the bomb used by the Fizzle Bomber and hands it over to Robertson. It is shown that Robertson and the agent are actually having their conversation in the hospital ward where Jane's child is born. The temporal agent/bartender then kidnaps the child and takes the baby girl back in time to the same orphanage that Jane grew up in, in 1945. The temporal agent soon returns to 1963 to retrieve John and reveals to him his mission and why he set John and Jane together. The temporal agent explains that he, John, Jane and the child are all the same person that exist through a predestined time paradox. He tells John that he needed John to meet with Jane in order for her to become pregnant and give birth to a child who would eventually grow up to be them. If the temporal agent had not kidnapped the child and transported her back to 1945, or if he had not set up John and Jane, none of them would exist. John states that he doesn't want to leave Jane, but the temporal agent insists it has to be. The temporal agent takes the Unmarried Mother, John, to the Temporal Bureau in 1985, to ensure his own existence so that he could prevent the crimes to come, and is decommissioned. Robertson also gives the temporal agent a file containing new leads recovered from the evidence he gave Robertson. The temporal agent/bartender/future John, then returns to his own timeline to live out a normal life as best he can in 1975 New York. He then deactivates his time machine, but it encounters an error and does not deactivate properly. The agent/future John soon deduces where to find the bomber using the leads given to him by Robertson. The agent eventually finds the bomber in a laundromat store. To the agent's shock he sees that the Fizzle Bomber is actually him in the future. The Fizzle bomber states that he saved more lives than he has taken as a result of his actions and that Robertson is setting them up. The Fizzle Bomber, seemingly insane, says that if the agent kills him the agent will become him as it is a repetitive cycle, but if the agent loves him again when he was Jane and John, then they can break the cycle. Disgusted with his future self, the agent decides to kill the Fizzle Bomber. The movie ends with the agent overlooking the time machine stating that he knows for sure that Jane, John and himself were the best things that have happened to him in his life and that he misses his past selves dreadfully.
tt2802144
Action,Adventure,Comedy
1997 - A helicopter flies into a compound in the Middle East. Four men apprehend a terrorist leader and tie him to a chair. One of the men, Harry Hart, aka Galahad (Colin Firth) threatens to shoot the terrorist until he gives him answers. The terrorist lifts his head up to reveal a grenade pin in his mouth. Harry's comrade Lee (Jonno Davies) jumps on the terrorist and covers the explosion, sacrificing himself for his partners. Harry's other two partners, Merlin (Mark Strong) and Lancelot (Jack Davenport), remove their masks. After noting Lee's sacrifice, Harry welcomes Lancelot into the Kingsman agency. Harry visits Lee's wife Michelle (Samantha Womack) to inform her of her husband's death. He gives her a medal of valor in Lee's honor, with a number on the back of the medal in case she needs a favor, and to use the phrase "Oxford's not brogues" to let him know it's her. Michelle rejects the medal. Harry then goes over to Lee's young son Gary, aka Eggsy (Alex Nikolov). He hands him the medal. 17 years later in Argentina, Professor James Arnold (Mark Hamill) is being held captive by a group of thugs. There is a knock heard at the door. One thug answers it and finds Lancelot at the front. He shoots the thug and proceeds to fight and kill the rest of the thugs before helping himself to a drink. Another knock is heard at the door. Lancelot goes to answer and is then cut down the middle by a woman with bladed prosthetic legs named Gazelle (Sofia Boutella). She answers the door for her employer, the billionaire Richmond Valentine (Samuel L. Jackson). Valentine and Gazelle free Arnold and take him with them. Back in London, Harry goes to a tailor shop that is a front for the Kingsman headquarters. He meets with Merlin and their superior Arthur (Michael Caine). They mourn Lancelot's death and learn that those involved in his death also had ties to incidents in Uganda and Chechnya. We catch up with Eggsy (now played by Taron Egerton), now in his early 20's, living with his mother and her new husband Dean (Geoff Bell), along with Eggsy's baby sister. They live in a ratty flat and are financially insecure. Eggsy goes to the pub with two friends, where they spot Dean's group of goons nearby. They go over to Eggsy's table and bully them into leaving. Outside, Eggsy reveals to his friends that he stole the goon's car keys. They take his car and do donuts in it and drive off, only to come across the police. Eggsy drives the car backwards down a few blocks until he crashes into another car. He tells his friends to run for it so he can handle it. He proceeds to drive into the police car. Eggsy is detained at the police station. He refuses to give up his friend's names and is facing 18 months in prison. He takes out the medal he wears around his neck and calls the number on the back. Eggsy remembers the phrase "Oxford's not brogues", and moments later, he is bailed out by Harry. The two go to the pub where Dean's goons approach Eggsy for more trouble. Harry calmly tells them to leave, but the main goon is rude to him and tells HIM to leave. Harry walks over to the front door and locks it, stating, "Manners maketh man". With the hook of his umbrella, he grabs a glass and swings it at the main thug, and then proceeds to swiftly beat the rest of the thugs, and even make some of them beat each other, to Eggy's surprise. He pats Eggsy on the shoulder and leaves him after being assured that Eggsy won't tell anyone about Harry or what he's just seen. Eggsy returns home, and Dean violently confronts him over what he did with his mate's car. Michelle tries to intervene, but is shoved aside. Harry overhears the struggle through a mic that he placed on Eggsy's shoulder. Harry speaks into it and tells Dean to let Eggsy go or he will report Dean's various crimes to the authorities. Eggsy runs out of the flat and evades Dean's goons yet again. Eggsy goes to the tailor shop after Harry mentioned it to him. He finds Harry, who proposes the Kingsman candidacy to Eggsy. Eggsy decides he's got nothing to lose and joins Harry as they go underground to a shuttle that takes them to meet with the other recruits. Eggsy is quickly befriended by a girl named Roxy (Sophie Cookson). He gets teased by a boy named Charlie (Edward Holcroft) and his buddies. Harry finds Professor Arnold on his way to his class and confronts him over who held him captive. Arnold starts yelling in pain, and his head explodes. Two goons enter the building, forcing Harry to detonate a hand grenade before jumping out the window. He is slightly caught in the explosion and is left in a coma. Valentine learns of Arnold's death and decides to investigate who is looking into them. As the recruits are sleeping, the room starts to fill with water. Everyone but Eggsy swims to the toilets to get pipes and put them in the toilets to have a source of air. Eggsy tries to pull the door open but he can't. He then swims to the mirror and smashes it, releasing the water into the next room where Merlin was overseeing them. Although he commends Roxy and Charlie for going along with the pipes and Eggsy for the mirror, he says everyone failed because they didn't utilize proper teamwork, resulting in one recruit, Amelia (Fiona Hampton), drowning. Valentine and Gazelle meet with the Scandinavian Princess Tilde (Hanna Alstrom) and the Scandinavian Prime Minister (Bjorn Floberg) for dinner as Valentine proposes his plan for controlling climate change to them. The PM is on board, but Tilde thinks Valentine is crazy. Tilde leaves and calls the guards. Gazelle runs out and kills the guards with her prosthetic legs and keeps Tilde captive. The recruits continue their training by having to personally train a bunch of puppies. Eggsy is stuck with a small pug that doesn't properly listen to him, though he becomes attached to it and he names it JB (after Jack Bauer). After Harry recovers, he, Merlin, and Eggsy learn that Arnold had a chip implanted in his neck that resulted in his head exploding. Similarly, the Scandinavian PM had the same implant with a scar under his ear, like Arnold did. Merlin traces this back to Valentine. Eggsy comments that Valentine is a genius, and he shows Harry and Merlin a video of Valentine's latest announcement. He is set to distribute free SIM cards around the world. Valentine is also suspected in the disappearances of numerous world leaders and some celebrities (including Iggy Azalea). Harry goes undercover to Valentine's estate to investigate further into Valentine's plans. The two eat McDonald's for dinner and discuss their admiration for James Bond movies, but Harry doesn't get much information other than seeing one of Valentine's aides carry a pamphlet for a hate group church in Kentucky. The recruits are left down to Eggsy, Roxy, Charlie, and three of Charlie's friends. Their next assignment involves them jumping out of a plane and onto a target. Merlin tells them they need to figure out what to do when one of their teammates has no parachute. Panicking, one recruit opens his chute too early. Eggsy has everyone join hands before pulling each others' chutes. Only he and Roxy are left, and they pull Roxy's chute at 300 feet. Merlin lets the others (except Charlie) go. Eggsy meets Harry at the tailor shop where he takes Eggsy into a room filled with various weapons, including a hand grenade that looks like a lighter, a pen that triggers a poison, and a pair of shoes with a poison-tipped blade. As they return to the lobby, they find Valentine and Gazelle in their, with Valentine trying on one of the suits in the shop. On their next assignment, Eggsy, Roxy, and Charlie are sent to speak with a young woman at a nightclub. The three of them get drugged by an interrogator. Eggsy wakes up to find himself tied to the train tracks. The interrogator tries to get Eggsy to tell him about the Kingsmen and Harry, but Eggsy refuses to talk. The train runs over him, but Eggsy is dropped into a little hole. Harry emerges and tells him he and Roxy passed this test. They watch Charlie taking his test, but he refuses to die for the Kingsmen and he is sent home. As part of their last test, Arthur and Merlin tells Eggsy and Roxy, respectively, to shoot their dogs. Eggsy fails to do so, but a gunshot can be heard from Roxy. Arthur sends Eggsy home. Eggsy takes Arthur's car and drives back home, disappointed. He hugs his mother but then sees she has a black eye. Furious, he goes by the pub to find Dean. Eggsy is set to fight him until the car drives itself to Harry's place. He is disappointed with Eggsy for failing his test, and reveals that the gun had a blank in it. He also reveals that Amelia never drowned and that she works with the Kingsmen in Berlin. Roxy, meanwhile, is made the new Lancelot. Harry goes to Kentucky to the hate group church. As he sits and overhears the nasty sermon from the bigoted leader, Harry starts to head to the door. From a few thousand feet away, Valentine and Gazelle sit to activate the signal on the phones in the church from the people who have Valentine's SIM cards. The signal goes live and causes everyone, including Harry, to go into a violent rage and start attacking each other. Harry shoots several people in the head, as well as stabbing, bludgeoning, impaling, and blowing up anyone that tries to attack him, until he is the only survivor. Eggsy, Merlin, and Arthur watch from their respective locations. Outside, Harry finds Valentine and Gazelle waiting for him. Valentine explains that the signal from the SIM cards trigger aggression and repress inhibitors. He then takes out a gun and shoots Harry in the head, killing him. Eggsy screams in horror, while Valentine is appalled at having killed someone. Eggsy goes back to the tailor shop to meet with Arthur. He mentions that Harry had recorded Valentine's confession and pours a drink in Harry's honor, when Eggsy notices that Arthur has an implant scar under his ear. Arthur was swayed by Valentine when he proposed his plan of mass genocide because he thinks that mankind is a virus to the planet, and wiping them out would be beneficial, so he has tried to convince all world leaders to join him in his plan. Arthur toasts to Harry, and he and Eggsy drink. Arthur then takes out his pen to activate the poison that he put in Eggsy's drink, only to find himself dying. Eggsy switched the drinks by distracting Arthur moments earlier by asking him if the paintings on the wall were of former Kingsmen. Arthur dies on the table. Eggsy goes to Merlin and Roxy with the information he's just received, and they head off to stop Valentine's plan from happening. Roxy is sent into the atmosphere with two giant balloons to launch a missile at one of Valentine's satellites, while Merlin and Eggsy infiltrate his base as he hosts a party for everyone involved in his plan. Eggsy uses Arthur's invitation and poses as him to get inside. Eggsy passes a cell with Tilde inside. He asks if she'll give him a kiss if he saves the world. She says they can have anal sex if he succeeds. Eggsy proceeds to go on and save the world. Roxy gets high enough to the satellite, but one balloon already bursts as she is at a very high altitude. She manages to launch the missile before the other balloon bursts, sending her plummeting back to the ground, though she gets her chute out and lands safely. Eggsy finds the Scandinavian PM and tranquilizes him before hacking into his laptop. Charlie then shows up and holds Eggsy with a knife to his throat. Eggsy electrocutes Charlie with the ring on his finger. Eggsy runs back to the plane while evading and shooting through Valentine's gunmen. Meanwhile, the missile hits Valentine's satellite and delays the signal from going live. However, Valentine gets control of another closer satellite and activates the signal with a bio metric scanner, which Merlin is unable to get past. The signal goes live all around the world. People beat each other up in London, Rio de Janeiro, and New York. Michelle is seen trying to break into the bathroom trying to kill her daughter (after Roxy called her and told her to lock her in there following a request from Eggsy). Eggsy is cornered by the gunmen after trying to run back and stop Valentine. Merlin triggers the implants and causes everyone (the gunmen and world leaders) to have their heads explode like fireworks. Eggsy manages to get back to where Valentine and Gazelle are. He shoots at them, momentarily taking Valentine's hand off the scanner and stopping the signal. Gazelle bursts through the glass and tries to kill Eggsy. The two fight until they jump at each other. Gazelle attempts to cut Eggsy with her legs, but Eggsy poisons Gazelle after cutting her with the blade in his shoe. He then pulls off one of her legs and hurls it at Valentine's back, impaling him. Thus, every signal is deactivated for good. Merlin and Roxy congratulate Eggsy for saving the world. He proceeds to grab a bottle of champagne with two glasses, and goes to Tilde's cell to have anal sex with her. As the camera slowly pans down and Eggsy starts to lick Tilde's butt, which prompts Merlin to turn off his video monitor. The initial credits begin, until it cuts to Michelle and Dean in the pub. Eggsy enters, dressed in a fine suit. He tells Michelle that his new job has given him benefits, including a new home for him, Michelle, and his sister to live in, away from Dean. Dean goes to bully Eggsy again with his goons. Eggsy goes to lock the front door and say what Harry once said - "Manners maketh man." He grabs a glass with the umbrella hook and throws it at Dean's face. He then faces the other goons and, with a grin, repeats another statement from Harry - "Are we going to stand around, or are we going to fight?"
tt4425200
Action,Crime,Thriller
John Wick (Keanu Reeves) drives to a warehouse owned by Abram Tarasov (Peter Stormare) to get his car back. Abram wants payback against John for killing his brother Viggo and nephew Iosef. John is killing all of Abram's guards before he finally gets to his car. As he drives away, a number of Abram's men attack John. His car is seriously damaged when the henchmen crash into his car, but Wick fights off each of the men before making his way to Abram's office. Once there, John pours Abram and himself a drink. He chooses to spare Abram and offers him peace. Abram questions John as to whether or not he can actually find peace. John returns home to the still unnamed dog he took at the end of the first movie. He calls Aurelio (John Leguizamo) to come pick up the car, which, while drivable, is a wreck. Still, Aurelio say he will fix it. After Aurelio leaves, John reburies his weapons and gold beneath fresh cement, believing he is done with the assassin life. He watches a video on his phone of himself and his late wife Helen (Bridget Moynahan) Later that night, John is visited by another assassin named Santino D'Antonio (Riccardo Scamarcio). He presents John with a marker that John gave him when he was completing the task which allowed him to leave his former life behind. The marker is represents a blood oath obligating John to perform any service required by Santino. John refuses to help Santino, despite knowing the consequences. Santino leaves John's house and fetches an ARWEN 37 (standing in for a grenade launcher) to fire grenades that destroy John's house. John and the dog escape. John goes to the Continental hotel to meet with Winston (Ian McShane) to discuss the marker and what Santino has requested of him. Winston cannot do anything about it since John took the oath, and if he continues to refuse it, his life will be up for grabs. John departs and leaves the dog in the care of the hotel's concierge, Charon (Lance Reddick). John tracks down Santino and finally agrees to do one job for him. Santino wants John to kill his sister Gianna (Claudia Gerini), who is set to ascend to the High Table, a group of powerful assassins. John argues that this is an impossible target to which Santino replies that this is exactly why he wanted John for the task. He needed the best. Seeing no way out of it, John travels to Rome to complete the task. He stays at the Rome Continental, owned by Julius (Franco Nero). John meets with suppliers to prepare -- a tailor to buy custom, bullet-resistant lined suits, a historian to obtain maps of the catacombs, and an armorer to procure weapons. John attends a party that is Gianna's "coronation" and welcome to the High Table. She is accompanied by her loyal bodyguard Cassian (Common). John sneaks into Gianna's room and confronts her alone. He tells her that Santino sent him. She warns him of the events that will unfold once she is dead. She chooses to die on her own terms by slitting her wrists. Gianna lays in a pool as she dies. In honor of their past friendship, John holds her hand until she passes out. To grant his friend an honest chance at Paradise without the weight of suicide which her Catholic religion prohibits, and to claim the marker, John shoots her in the head. Cassian spots John as he is leaving. Upon learning that John is working, Cassian draws his weapon, as does John, and each shoots the other, though they are uninjured due to their bullet-resistant clothing. John runs into the catacombs where is has pre-positioned the weapons he bought earlier. He is attacked by dozen's of Santino's henchmen, who intend to "tie up loose ends" by killing him. He realizes Santino is double crossing him and kills every one before he gets away. Cassian catches up to him and they fight until they crash through a window of the Rome Continental. Since no blood may be spilled on Continental grounds, John and Cassian sit at the bar and have a drink together. John explains the marker that Santino called on him to kill his sister. Cassian understands but also cannot allow his ward's killer to go unpunished. He pays for John's drink and leaves. John then spots Ares (Ruby Rose), Santino's mute bodyguard. She lets him know through sign language that she'll be seeing him. He replies in sign language that if she keeps following him, he'll end her. As John is heading back to New York City, Santino puts out a $7 million contract to kill John. The contract is distributed to all the assassins in the area. A female violinist in the subway pulls out a gun from the violin and tries to kill John, but he subdues her and breaks her neck. A heavyset Asian man goes after John and gets his brains blown out. Two men in the subway try kill him, and John brutally kills them with a pencil. Cassian finds John as he gets on the subway and fights him in the train. John stabs Cassian and pushes the knife into his chest, piercing his aorta. He allows Cassian to live as a 'professional courtesy,' telling him that if he pulls the knife out, he will bleed to death. John leaves Cassian on the subway. Injured, John seeks out what appears to be a homeless man and asks for his help. John gives him a coin and ask to be taken to "him". The homeless turns kills two men dressed as janitors who are looking for John. "Him" turns out to be the Bowery King (Laurence Fishburne), an assassin that once had a run-in with John and was left with a scar on his neck. John spared him, and so now the Bowery King views himself as unbreakable. He also knows of the bounty on John's head and is very tempted to take the contract but John convinces him otherwise. With BK's help, John is able to locate Santino's whereabouts. John heads to a museum where Santino is set to take his place at the High Table. John crashes the party and as Santino's men attempt to stop him, he kills them all. John chases Santino through a hall of mirrors before having to fight Ares. John manages to stab Ares and leave her to die, not giving her the same professional courtesy he gave to Cassian. Santino rushes to the New York Continental to seek refuge, knowing that he can't be attacked within. John finds Santino in the lounge. Winston knows what John is about to do and tries to calm him down. Still, John kills Santino, shooting him in the head. John returns to pick up his dog from Charon. The next day, John goes with his dog to meet with Winston at the park. Winston informs John that because he killed on Continental grounds, the High Table has doubled the contract and sent it to every assassin across the globe. Winston must mark John as excommunicado, but he gives him a one hour lead before the contract takes effect. It then becomes evident that every single person in the park is an assassin, and they have their eyes on John. John tells Winston to let everyone know that if they go after him, he will kill them all. Winston agrees. John leaves as Winston puts the word out. Every passing person looks at John, knowing who he is and what they want from him. John is forced to take the dog and keep on running.
tt3829266
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
This latest of the long-running series 'Predator' films opens in outer space where a Predator/Hunter ship is being chased by another larger one. The first ship goes through a wormhole that leads it crashing toward planet Earth. Down in a forest in Mexico, sniper Quinn McKenna (Boyd Holbrook) is engaging in a hostage rescue against drug cartel members. Just as he gets eyes on his target, the smaller Predator ship makes its way down. Quinn manages to kill one gang member, but his attention is drawn toward the crash. He comes across some of the Predator's armor, including its cloaking device. Before Quinn finds the Predator, his teammate Dupree (Mike Dopud) finds Quinn. They then see their other teammate, Sapir (Niall Matter), fall from a tree, hanging upside down with a lot of his flesh missing. The Predator re-emerges and kills Dupree, but Quinn uses the Predator's gauntlet to shoot something that incapacitates the Predator and also slices off the top half of Sapir's body, and the falling blood makes the Predator visible in spite of its cloaking. Soon, a government team (Project Stargazer) led by Will Traeger (Sterling K. Brown) comes down to get their hands on the Predator. After the Predator is apprehended, Quinn takes his mask, gauntlet, and other gear to send back to his son and ex-wife's home. He swallows the cloaking device for good measure. In the next scene, we meet Quinn's son Rory (Jacob Tremblay), who has a mild type of autism. Some kids pull a fire alarm while he is in a room of kids playing chess, and the noises give him a sensory overload. The boys who pulled the alarm find Rory in his classroom huddled anxiously, but they leave before they can do anything more to mess with him. After the alarm is turned off, Rory rearranges the chess pieces on everyone's board in perfect order where they originated. When Rory gets home, he finds Quinn's package being delivered to him. His mother Emily (Yvonne Strahovski) comes home with two potential Halloween masks (a pirate and Frankenstein's monster), but Rory doesn't want to dress up because he knows the bullies will recognize and taunt him. Rory then opens the package to find the Predator's gear, and he becomes fascinated. As he turns the gear on, the larger Ultimate Predator that was chasing the Fugitive Predator gets a lock on the gear's location, and he sets off to Earth. Meanwhile, Quinn undergoes a psych evaluation following the disaster in Mexico, and he's then placed with other government prisoners - ex-Marine Gaylord "Nebraska" Williams (Trevante Rhodes), Tourette's-afflicted Baxley (Thomas Jane), joker Coyle (Keegan-Michael Key), religious Nettles (Augusto Aguilera), and Lynch (Alfie Allen), who is also a former Marine. The men trade jokes and insults as they meet Quinn. Biologist Casey Bracket (Olivia Munn) is contacted by Traeger's men and is escorted to a Project Stargazer lab to see the sedated Fugitive Predator. Casey meets Dr. Peter Keyes (Jake Busey) and then Traeger, who informs her of what they have studied from the Predator, specifically that he has traces of human DNA in him. She is heavily intrigued by the Predator and his history. Just then, the other scientists get word that the Ultimate Predator's ship is heading within close proximity of the lab. The Fugitive Predator wakes up, and as the other men try to hold him down, he starts to tear into them as he breaks out and proceeds to slaughter the men. After he takes his gear back, the Fugitive Predator spots Casey as she hides in the showers, but he doesn't harm her. A badly wounded Keyes tells Casey to not let him get away. As Fugitive Predator is breaking out, Quinn and the other men stage a diversion to get the soldiers off the bus so they can hijack it and head off to kill the alien. Casey also runs after it with a tranq gun. She hops on top of the bus and almost has a clear shot, but she misses and shoots herself in the foot. The bus's tire gets blown out, so the men are forced to escape on motorcycles, and Quinn takes Casey with him. Meanwhile, pilots are trying to shoot down Ultimate Predator's ship, but he puts up a force-field that prevents his ship from getting hit. The Fugitive Predator then hops in another bus, kills the men inside, and rides it into town. The Ultimate Predator descends and goes hunting with his two Predator Dogs. The guys hide out in a seedy motel room with Casey until she wakes up. She thinks they are there to harm her, so she grabs a nearby shotgun, only to discover it's unloaded. As she tries to leave, Quinn tells her that if she tries to go back to the lab, they will kill her because she was carrying a vial that was on the Fugitive Predator's person, leaving Casey with no choice but to stick with the guys. Quinn then figures that the Predator is heading to Emily's house to get the gear. They take the bus to her house, but she tells them that Rory is already out of the house with the mask, so they head out to find Rory. Rory goes out trick-or-treating with the Predator mask. The two bullies manage to spot and recognize him, and they start to taunt him. Rory goes to knock on a house, but he gets no answer. The man who lives there steps out from the balcony and also taunts Rory, then he throws something at the mask. It activates and triggers a blast that kills the man and blows up his house. This also causes the bullies to run off scared. The blast is spotted by Quinn and Casey, who drive back toward that direction. Rory walks onto a field where the Predator Dogs stalk him. Before they can attack, Quinn and the other guys drive in to fight them. Quinn manages to blow one up by shooting a grenade into its mouth, and the other one is shot to death. Fugitive Predator then shows up and grabs Nettles, ordering the gang to drop their weapons. They comply, but Quinn grabs his again and shoots at it, making him release Nettles. Everyone runs into Rory's middle school to evade the Predator. It corners and grabs Quinn, just as he tries to give back one of the Predator's weapons, but Ultimate Predator shows up and pulls Fugitive Predator through the window. The humans run away as the aliens battle each other, but Ultimate Predator smashes Fugitive Predator's face and tears his skull and spine out. He then heads off to find the humans. Afterwards, Traeger and his guys find Fugitive Predator's remains, and Traeger determines that Ultimate Predator was hunting him for something he took, and that he's also after Fugitive Predator's ship and whatever is inside. Traeger believes that if they find Rory, they will find the ship. The gang is found by Traeger, who wants to know where the gauntlet is. He interrogates Casey and tells her that the Ultimate Predator must be upgrading himself, which is why he's so much bigger than the Fugitive Predator. They came to Earth to use human DNA while they can since they know humans are endangered, and Fugitive Predator must have been carrying something that he didn't want Ultimate Predator to get his hands (or claws) on. Other government agents go to Emily's house to find the Predator gear, but Ultimate Predator shows up and very messily skewers all the men. He then comes across a map of where the other ship is located. Rory is also seen drawing this same map. Quinn breaks loose from the mercs who were assaulting him and he kills them. Another merc is about to execute Casey until a third, non-violent Predator Dog shows up and gives her a grenade that she stuff in the merc's backpack, causing him to blow up and letting her loose. Traeger and his goons take Rory with them to find the other ship, so Quinn and the gang follow. Everyone arrives at the site of the other ship. Traeger uses Rory to try and open the ship, and it works. They enter, and Quinn goes in with the cloaking device to kill one of Traeger's men for taking Rory. Outside, the rest of the gang starts to slay Traeger's goons right before Quinn holds Traeger outside at gunpoint, while his own men have him surrounded. Before anything else happens, Lynch gets his arm chopped off by Ultimate Predator. Before dying, he manages to signal the other guys. Ultimate Predator goes in, kills Traeger's men, and heads into the ship. He sends out a message that is translated to saying that he wants "McKenna" as his prize since he is the next step in the evolutionary chain. He then sets off a timer to destroy the ship. The team heads into the woods to fight Ultimate Predator. He tosses Baxley against a tree to impale him, and then he disembowels Coyle. The two men then mutually kill each other to put each other out of their misery. Traeger gets cocky and tries to kill Ultimate Predator with one of his own weapons, but it ends up blowing Traeger's own head off. Ultimate Predator then takes Rory, as he is technically the next step in the McKenna line. Quinn, Nebraska, and Nettles hop on Ultimate Predator's ship as it flies away, but he turns on the force-field, which slices off Nettles' legs and sends him falling off the ship to his death. Nebraska sacrifices himself by throwing his body into the ship's turbines to send it crashing down. Quinn gets in the ship and saves Rory before Ultimate Predator attacks. Casey uses the cloaking device to help Quinn fight the beast. Quinn uses the gauntlet to fire an explosive at the Ultimate Predator's leg, causing it to blow him up spectacularly. Quinn then finishes him with multiple shots to the head. In the aftermath, Quinn takes several keepsakes representing his fallen comrades, and he and Rory take a moment to memorialize the men. Sometime later, Quinn and Rory go to a lab where they meet Dr. Yamada (Peter Shinkoda), the new head of Project Stargazer. He brings Quinn to see the Predator's cargo that Fugitive Predator was smuggling. It opens up to reveal a powerful armor that Rory says is called the Predator Killer. The armor wraps itself around one scientist and looks like it might fire upon the others, but it turns off and goes back to normal. Quinn then declares that this is his new suit.
tt2494362
Drama,Horror,Western
In the 1890s, two drifters, Purvis and Buddy make a living killing and robbing travelers. Spooked by the sound of approaching horses, they hide in the hills and encounter a Native American burial site. Buddy is attacked and killed by unseen attackers, and Purvis escapes. Eleven days later, Purvis arrives in the small town of Bright Hope and buries his stolen belongings. Chicory, the town's elderly backup deputy, spots him and reports to Sheriff Franklin Hunt. At the town's saloon, Hunt confronts Purvis. When asked his name, Purvis hesitates before giving the name "Buddy" in an attempt to hide his identity. Sheriff Hunt shoots Purvis in the leg when he tries to escape. Hunt sends John Brooder, a local educated man and known womanizer who witnesses the shooting, to fetch the town's doctor. Meanwhile, foreman Arthur O'Dwyer rests at home with a broken leg. His wife Samantha, the doctor's assistant, tends to his wound. As the doctor is drunk, Brooder calls Samantha and escorts her to the jail to treat Purvis's wound. Leaving Samantha with Purvis and his deputy Nick, Hunt and the others return home. That night, at a stable house, a stable boy is murdered by unseen attackers. The murder is reported to Hunt, who investigates the scene and finds the horses missing. The jail is empty and only an arrow is left behind. Hunt calls a local Native American man to examine the arrow, and informs Arthur of the news. At the saloon, the Native American man links the arrow to a troglodyte clan. He tells Hunt of the clan's dwelling place, "Valley of the Starving Men", and warns him that they are a group of cannibalistic savages. Certain that Samantha, Nick and Purvis had been captured by them, Hunt prepares to go after them with Arthur. Chicory and Brooder volunteer to accompany them. Days into their ride, two Mexican strangers stumble across their camp. Fearing they are scouts for a raid, Brooder kills them and they set up a cold camp elsewhere to avoid being attacked. During the night, a group of raiders ambush them, where the raiders injure Brooder's horse and steal the rest. Brooder, wounded by an attacker, regretfully puts down his horse. After a day of walking, a fight breaks out between Brooder and Arthur, exacerbating Arthur's broken leg. Chicory sets his leg and leaves him behind to recover, while he, Hunt, and Brooder move on. At the valley, the three men are injured by a volley of arrows. After killing two attackers, Hunt and Chicory retreat, leaving Brooder, who is seriously injured. Brooder kills one attacker before being killed himself. The cannibals capture Hunt and Chicory, and imprison them in their cave. The white men find Samantha and an injured Nick, imprisoned in a nearby cage. They witness Nick being removed from his cell, stripped, scalped, cut apart and consumed. Samantha estimates the number of hostile cannibals to be around 12 (reduced to nine earlier by Hunt's posse). Hunt realizes he has some opium tincture he confiscated from Arthur earlier to prevent him from overusing it. They lure several tribesmen to drink it, however only one drinks a fatal dose and another becomes unconscious. Meanwhile, Arthur wakes up, follows the men's trail and discovers the valley. He kills two tribesmen and notices an object embedded in their windpipes. After cutting one out, he realizes it is like a whistle. He blows on it, luring another tribesman close, then kills him. In the cave, realizing two of their men were poisoned, the tribe leader grows angry. He and another tribesman pull Hunt from his cell, cut open his stomach and shove the hot opium flask into the wound. The leader then takes Hunt's rifle and shoots his arm and stomach. Arthur arrives and kills one of the tribesmen, while Hunt kills the leader with one the tribe's bone tomahawks. Arthur frees Samantha and Chicory, while a mortally wounded Hunt stays behind with his rifle. He prepares to kill the surviving cannibals when they return, to prevent them from chasing after them and terrorizing Bright Hope. As the three leave the cave, they see two pregnant females, who are blinded and have all their limbs amputated. At a distance from the cave, they hear three gunshots, implying that sheriff Hunt may have killed the remaining males of the tribe. Chicory acknowledges the gunshots with a half-hearted smile. Tired, hurt, and with few supplies, the three survivors begin the journey towards home.
tt3397884
Action,Crime,Drama
Text explains that the origin of the word "sicario" is from the time when Jewish zealots hunted the Romans who occupied Jerusalem. In Mexico, the word means "hit-man". In Chandler, Arizona, a SWAT team advances on a house where they suspect hostages are being held by Mexican Sinoloa cartel leader Manuel Diaz (Bernardo P. Sacarino). Kate Macer (Emily Blunt), an American FBI agent in charge of the kidnapping response team, and her partner Reggie Wayne (Daniel Kaluyya), crash through the front of the house with their van. They capture several suspects and when a man tries to shoot Kate, she kills him. They observe a head wrapped in plastic inside a hole caused by the bad guy's weapon. A forensic team takes the house apart and finds 42 bodies hidden in the walls with bags over their heads in various stages of decay. Kate's superior Dave Jennings (Victor Garber) calls her inside. Two officers find a padlocked hatch in the floor of a shed outside. When they open it, a bomb explodes, killing two officers. Kate is traumatized and wounded. At the FBI offices in Phoenix, Kate meets Matt Graver (Josh Brolin). He is in charge of an operation to catch Diaz. Kate is invited to join the team as an advisor, and she agrees to volunteer so she can help catch the men responsible for the deaths she witnessed that day. In Mexico, Silvio (Maximiliano Hernandez) is in bed. His son tells him that he has a soccer match later that day. Silvio eats breakfast and wears his police uniform as he walks to his car. On board the federal jet for the flight, she meets a mysterious Spanish-speaking man who introduces himself as Alejandro (Benicio Del Toro). The team arrives in El Paso. They are warned during a briefing that they may be the target of a hit squad when returning to the U.S. the border crossing. She learns that Alejandro was a prosecutor from Cartagena, Colombia. In Mexico, they spot a police car who is not part of their team, pacing them on a parallel street, apparently acting as a spotter. They drive up to the crowded U.S. entry station and are held up by long lines. Alejandro spots two cars nearby filled with suspicious individuals. He alerts everyone on their team in the nearby cars. The cops slowly move out of their vehicles and approach the gang members. One of them gets out of their car slowly as well, gun in hand. The officers tell him to lower his weapon, but he raises his weapon, and he and everyone else in the car is quickly killed. One of the gang members in the other car also draws his weapon and he and the others in the car are killed. Kate also shoots a bandit sneaking up on her vehicle. On the U.S. side of the border, they enter a prison. Kate argues with Matt about shooting the individuals on the Mexican side of the border, as well as the way the mission is being conducted. Matt watches Alejandro torture Guillermo. The two men have a history. Outside, the stress causes Kate to start smoking again. The team drives to Tucson to question Mexican illegal aliens who have been removed from transport buses returning them to Mexico. Alejandro wants to talk to the individuals apprehended near Nogales. They question the men to determine to identify the location of a secret tunnel under the border that Guillermo revealed to them. At a hotel room, Alejandro speaks with several illegal immigrants and gets them to identify the location of the tunnel entrance. The team surveils a bank where they believe they will find a woman who has been depositing money tied to the Mexican drug cartels. They arrest the woman and in their search, the team finds bags of money intended to be laundered and wrapped in blue-pink wristbands. The bank manager shows the Feds that the cartels have been repaying $17 million in fictitious loans, which are not reported. Kate wants to arrest Diaz, but Matt won't let her. Kate wants to make a case to prosecute, but even her boss doesn't agree with her. Reggie and Kate go out for for drinks that night. Reggie introduces Kate to an acquaintance, Ted (Jon Bernthal), a off duty Phoenix cop. After a few drinks, Kate goes to her apartment with Ted to have sex. Then she sees a wristband with his keys like ones they found around the money earlier that day. Kate tries to get away, but they struggle and she reaches for her weapon. Ted strangles Kate until Alejandro walks in and points his gun in Ted's face, making him release Kate. Ted is arrested and placed in the police vehicle. Matt threatens Ted and his daughter. Alejandro beats him until Ted tells him what he knows about Diaz and other corrupt U.S. cops. The team succeeds in taking away a substantial amount of money from Diaz's account, forcing him to make his return to Mexico. Matt decides to attack the tunnel to force the drug cartel to react. They gear up and head towards the tunnel. Matt tells Kate to stay out of the way. She is only there because the CIA needs a U.S. agent attached to a domestic agency to work within the U.S. The team enters the tunnel at night. Alejandro and the Delta Force team lead a running gun battle with the smugglers and mules inside. Kate and Reggie follow nervously. On the Mexican side Alejandro observes Silvio unloading drugs from his police vehicle in a warehouse above the tunnel entrance. Kate sees Alejandro apprehend Silvio and hold him at gunpoint. Kate attempts to stop Alejandro, but he shoots her purposefully in her vest and tells her to never aim a weapon at him again. He takes Silvio and forces him into in his police car. He gives Silvio directions while coordinating with the Americans. Back on the American side of the border, Kate is the last person out of the tunnel. She angrily punches Matt but he calms her down. She learns that Alejandro is not a Mexican federal agent, but an assassin originally a member of the Colombian Cartel. He has been hired by the CIA to catch Diaz's boss, Fausto Alarcon (Julio Cedillo), the local head of the Mexican Sinaloa cartel. The Mexican Sinaloa cartel decapitated Alejandro's wife and threw their daughter into a vat of acid. The CIA thinks they can control drugs better if the Colombians are in charge. Alejandro forces Silvio to drive until they see Diaz's car. Alejandro makes Silvio pull Diaz over and tells Silvio to order Diaz to step out of the car. Silvio walks out to confront Diaz, when Alejandro shoots Silvio in the back, killing him, and wounds Diaz in the leg. He forces Diaz to drive to his boss's (Alarcon's) house. Alejandro arrives at Fausto's palatial, gated estate and kills all the guards outside and in the house. He exits the house and finds Fausto having dinner with his wife and two sons on the patio. He aims his gun at Fausto and tells the wife and boys to continue eating and to stay calm. Fausto tells Alejandro that his wife wouldn't like what he's become, a lawyer-turned-hit-man. Alejandro brings up his daughter. Fausto says it was nothing personal, but Alejandro says it is for him. He tells Fausto in Spanish, "Time to meet God". He kills his wife and two sons, to Fausto's horror. Alejandro tells him to finish his meal, and then kills Fausto. Alejandro slips into Kate's apartment unseen late at night. He hands her a document and orders her to sign it, confirming that everything they did was by-the-book. Kate refuses to sign it. Alejandro holds a gun under her chin, stating she'll be committing suicide if she doesn't sign. He wipes tears away from her cheeks while never removing the gun. Kate reluctantly signs. Alejandro leaves and tells her to go to a smaller town where the rules of law still apply. Kate grabs her gun and as he walks away, aims it at him from her balcony. He turns around and waits for her to pull the trigger, but she just slowly lowers it and lets him walk away. In Mexico, Silvio's son stands over his father's empty bedside, almost as if he knows his father won't be coming home. His mother takes him to his soccer match. During the game, everybody hears gunshots in the distance. They quickly carry on with the game.
tt2180411
Adventure,Comedy,Drama
The film begins by introducing several characters in quick succession, all singing about something they want. Cinderella (Anna Kendrick) cleans her stepmother's house as she sings about her wish to go to the king's festival. Young Jack (Daniel Huttlestone) wishes his cow would give milk. The Baker (James Corden) and his Wife (Emily Blunt) wish they could have a child. Cinderella's stepmother (Christine Baranski) and stepsisters Florinda (Tammy Blanchard) and Lucinda (Lucy Punch) mock her for wanting to go to the festival. Jack's Mother (Tracey Ullman) wishes her son had more sense and she had more money. Red Riding Hood (Lilla Crawford) goes to the Baker's shop wishing for some bread and treats for her grandmother; though she has no money to pay for them, she eats many pastries while she skips around the bakery. Cinderella's stepmother pours a bowl of tiny lentils into the fireplace and tells Cinderella she can go to the ball if she can pick up every last one. Cinderella calls on her bird friends to help her with the task and they fly down the chimney. Meanwhile, Jack's mother says that because her milk has gone dry they have to sell the cow (Tug), who he calls Milky White and treats as a friend. Little Red continues collecting food in the bakery, gathering more and more for herself. The Baker's Wife is sweet and loving towards her but the Baker calls her a thief; he isn't much of a parental type. Little Red continues on, into the woods to her Grandmother's house. When the lentils are back in their pot, Cinderella tells the birds to fly back to the sky, then goes to help her stepsisters prepare for the ball. One stepsister slaps Cinderella after she ties her hair too tight. There is a knock at the bakery door; they have run out of bread (after Red Riding Hood's visit) but the patron doesn't care and blows the door off. It's the Witch (Meryl Streep) who lives next door; she promises the Baker's Wife she will be able to bear a child if she follows her orders.The Witch tells them that when the Baker was a child, his father would sneak into her garden and steal greens to appease his pregnant wife's cravings (which is part of the Rapunzel fairy tale). In a flashback, the Witch catches the Baker's father in her garden; she promises to take his wife's unborn child in exchange for the stolen vegetables, revealing to the Baker that he had a sister (later revealed to be Rapunzel, although they never interact). She tells them that the reason she is cursed with ugliness is because the Baker's father also stole magic beans from her garden, which she promised her mother to never let out of her sight. When their baby is born, she steals the child and hides her away; the Witch also curses the Baker to have a barren family tree (which is why his wife cannot get pregnant). She reminds the Baker that when his mother died, his father deserted him. Jack's Mother sends him to the next village to sell the cow since everyone in their village knows that the cow's milk has dried up. He is told not to come back with less than five pounds. He, too, goes into the woods. The Witch tells the Baker and his wife that if they want the curse reversed, they have to bring her some ingredients for a potion: a cow as white as milk, a cape as red as blood, hair as yellow as corn, and a slipper as pure as gold. She needs these things by midnight in three days time when the blue moon will come, which only happens every 100 years. If they can bring her the ingredients, she promises them a child. Having completed her chores and picked up the lentils, Cinderella asks her stepmother if she can go to the three-day festival but is told she is too dirty and that the prince is looking for a wife, not a scullery maid. She sets off with her daughters in their coach. The Baker's Wife tries to get her husband to take his father's old coat but he refuses; six magic beans spill out and he takes them. They debate about whether the Wife should come along; he wants to do it alone but isn't very good at remembering the four items he needs to collect. Nearby, Cinderella decides to visit her mother's grave. Now the Baker, Cinderella, Jack, and Red Riding Hood all venture into the woods. Cinderella visits the grave of her mother, where she has planted a branch, which watered by her tears has grown into a huge willow tree. Cinderella tells her mother about her wish and her mother appears in the tree. She transforms Cinderella's rags into a ball gown and her shoes into gold slippers. Now Little Red is spotted in the woods by a Wolf (Johnny Depp). He sings "Hello, Little Girl," salivating over her. She blows him off, having been told to not be misled by her mother and telling him she's on her way to her grandmother's house. Red admits to having eaten all the treats and half the loaf of bread so she picks flowers to balance out the missing treats. Rapunzel (Mackenzie Mauzy) sings a lovely soprano song, trapped in her tower, which catches the attention of a handsome prince (Billy Magnussen). Meanwhile, the Baker sees Red Riding Hood in her cape. The Witch appears and tells him to take the cape. The Baker manages to remove the cape from Little Red but she responds by screaming at the top of her lungs for a long while. The Baker rushes back to her and returns the cape. He has trouble remembering all of the items he needs to collect but is reminded by his Wife, who has ventured into the woods to help. They argue again about whether she should go with him. They stop abruptly when they see Jack with his cow. They try to convince Jack to give them his cow but they have no payment except for the six beans in the Baker's pocket. The Wife tells Jack they're magic beans, worth a pound each, and tells him there are five of them (she keeps one). Jack happily trades the cow for the five beans, on the condition that he be allowed to buy Milky White back if he ever has the money. The Baker sends his Wife back to town with the cow. Rapunzel is visited in her tower by her mother the Witch, letting down her hair on command. The prince watches this and prepares to try the same. At her grandmother's cottage, Little Red enters to see the Wolf in her grandmother's bed, wearing her nightgown. She tells him he has big ears and he quickly eats her up. The Baker continues into the house, in pursuit of the cape, and discovers the Wolf. He slices him open, rescuing Little Red and her grandmother, who were swallowed whole. The grandmother complains that the Baker isn't helping her skin the wolf to make into a coat; he tells her he's a Baker, not a hunter. Little Red sings "I Know Things Now" about how foolish she was for trusting the Wolf, and how much she's learned ("nice is different than good"). There's a flashback to how she was eaten (shown as a sort of Alice in Wonderland rabbit hole). She gives the Baker the red cape for his help, saying that her grandmother is going to make her a new one from the Wolf's skin. At home, Jack's mom chastises him for being stupid and selling the cow for beans. She throws the beans into the dirt and they all shoot out a spark -- and sends Jack straight to bed. Cinderella rushes home from the ball, chased by another prince (Chris Pine) and his steward. She runs into the forest and hides from him, meeting the Baker's Wife, now with Milky White. Cinderella explains she's running from the prince and the Baker's Wife is surprised shes running from royalty. When the prince arrives, Cinderella hides and the Baker's Wife sends him in the wrong direction. She asks Cinderella about the prince, who she is in awe of. Cinderella sings "A Very Nice Prince," explaining that she fled because she isn't quite sure how she feels about him. The Baker's Wife tells her she would give anything to be in Cinderellas shoes and then realizes she is wearing gold slippers. She tries to take them but then Milky White rushes off and she is torn between the cow and the slippers. Cinderella hurries away and the Witch appears and tells the Baker's Wife that the first of three midnights has passed. She tells her to get the cow but Milky White has disappeared into the woods; the Baker's Wife has gone from having one item (and almost two) to having none. In the morning, Jack's Mother wakes up to a giant beanstalk growing in her backyard. Jack rushes into the woods and finds the Baker again. He sings "Giants in the Sky," explaining that he has come back with five (giant-sized) gold coins that he stole from a giant. He gives them to the Baker, expecting he can take his friend, Milky White, back. The Baker tells him he can't sell Milky White so Jack, thinking the payment is not enough, promises to come back with more riches from the Giant's kingdom. He sets off to climb the beanstalk again. The Baker and the Baker's Wife reunite. He excitedly tells her he has the cape so now they have two of the items; she confesses she lost the cow. They argue about this and the Witch appears and tells them to find the cow. The Baker tries to give her the one item they do have, the cape, but she tells him she can't touch the items or the spell won't work (this is why she is having them find them for her). The Baker and his wife apologize to each other and he sends her back to the village. On her way, she stumbles upon the two princes, revealed to be brothers, who both talk of their new loves (one loves Cinderella; the other Rapunzel, who he has now visited several times). They sing "Agony" while splashing around a waterfall, each boasting about how hard their lives are, having fallen in love with unobtainable women. The Baker's Wife watches in awe, attracted by the handsome princes. When Rapunzel's prince mentions loving a girl in a tower with hair as yellow as corn, she sets out to grab a new ingredient. At the tower, the Baker's Wife asks Rapunzel to let down her hair; Rapunzel asks if it is the prince and the Baker's Wife responds affirmatively, in a low voice. Rapunzel loops her hair over a hook at the top and lowers it below. The Baker's Wife cuts Rapunzel's thick braid by sawing it against some ironwork on the tower wall. A piece comes off and she rushes away with it. The Baker's Wife runs into Cinderella again and grabs at her shoes again. Cinderella runs off. The prince rides by and the Baker's Wife tells him she was trying to hold the girl for him. Meanwhile, the Baker stumbles upon the stepsisters in their carriage. He pulls an ear of corn from his bag and asks to compare it to their hair; they shove him away and he falls on a large white rock that turns out to be Milky White. His wife stumbles upon him and now, with Rapunzel's hair and Little Red's cape, they have three of the items. He tells her that together, they can surely get the slipper pure as gold. The Baker's Wife is touched that he is including her and they sing "It Takes Two" about him becoming a better husband. Jack arrives with a golden egg and tells them about a hen that lays golden eggs, that lives at a palace in the clouds, which he visited via the beanstalk. He attempts to buy Milky White back, but the cow suddenly dies. The second midnight passes and now they are two items short -- the cow and the slipper -- and there's only one more day. The next day, the Witch is spying on Rapunzel's tower when Rapunzel's Prince arrives. She creates a thicket; the prince's horse is startled by the thorns and he is thrown off, straight into the branches, blinding him. When the witch climbs the tower, she is furious with Rapunzel, who confesses her new love. The witch tries to get her to stay loyal to her, singing "Stay With Me" with its refrain of "children must listen." Rapunzel reveals her wish to go out and see the world. To punish Rapunzel for wanting to abandon her, the witch cuts off her hair and banishes her to a deserted island in a swamp. Jack runs into Red Riding Hood, now wearing a coat made of a wolf's skin and more wary of strangers as she carries a knife for protection. He tells her about the kingdom of the giants and the harp that sings the giant to sleep. She doesn't believe him so Jack tells her he will return with the harp to prove he is telling the truth. Jack rushes down the beanstalk with the harp, pursued by the Giant. He hurriedly chops down the beanstalk, killing the giant as the stalk topples over. The Baker sets out into the next town to buy another cow with the gold coins Jack has given him. The Baker's Wife sets out to find Cinderella again, so she can secure her golden slipper. That night, Cinderella returns home from the final night of the ball, pursued by the prince for the third time. But he has spread pitch on the stairs so that her feet get stuck and she cant run. Time slows to a halt him frozen at the top of the stairs as she sings "On the Steps of the Palace," trying to debate whether to stay and become a princess or go back to her own life where she can at least retain her identity and doesn't have to pretend to be someone shes not. She settles for something in between, leaving behind a slipper as a clue. She rushes off into the woods; the prince doesn't immediately pursue, telling his steward she cant get far with just one shoe. In the woods, Cinderella runs into the Bakers Wife again. She desperately tries to convince Cinderella to give up her slipper, offering her the last magic bean in exchange. Cinderella tosses the bean aside, calling it nonsense it sparks fire like the ones outside Jacks house. The Baker's Wife tells her she needs the shoe to have a child; she doesn't have time to explain further as the prince is approaching. The Baker's Wife convinces Cinderella to take her shoes so she can run faster; Cinderella does and finally gives the Baker's Wife her gold slipper in return. The prince gets to Cinderella's house and asks the stepsisters to try on the slipper. Florinda's foot is too big so the stepmother cuts off her big toe to make it fit. She is accepted as the mysterious girl he fell in love with at the ball but then the steward points out the blood in the shoe. They move on to Lucinda, whose foot is also too big, so the stepmother cuts off her heel; she promptly faints from the pain. He asks if there is another girl that resides there; they try to talk him out of seeing Cinderella but when she arrives, he recognizes her and takes her away to be his bride. As punishment for their cruelty, Cinderella's birds peck out the stepsisters' eyes, blinding them. Rapunzel cowers on the deserted island to which the Witch banished her. She sings to herself, and her prince, who is riding around, blindly, on horseback, hears her and calls for her. She wades through the snake-filled swamp to reach him. See his wounded, blind eyes, she cries; teardrops fall into his lashes and he can see again. He praises her haircut. It is almost midnight as the Blue Moon begins to emerge. The Baker runs into his Wife; he has a white cow he got in the neighboring village. They now have the cape, hair, slipper, and cow. The Witch appears but is discontent, revealing the cow is not white; the Baker has covered it in flour. The Baker points out they had a real white cow but she died. The Witch tells him she can bring her back to life. They lead her to Milky White. Jack's Mother joins the group, reuniting with her son. The Witch resuscitates Milky White and tells them to feed the other items to the cow. Milky White eats the gold slipper, the red cape, and a piece of Rapunzel's hair. Jack tries to milk the cow but she's dry. The Witch says they must have the wrong ingredients. The Baker's Wife goes over the ingredients, admitting she took the hair as yellow as corn from a maiden in a tower; the Witch realizes that it is Rapunzel's hair and she has touched it, rendering it unusable. To substitute, Jack suggests using the hairy corn silk from the ear of corn they've brought for comparison. It works and Milky White produces milk. The witch drinks it and transforms into a younger version of herself with blue hair; the Baker's Wife becomes very pregnant immediately. Everyone seems to have a happy ending: the Witch reversed her curse and is young and beautiful; Cinderella marries her prince; Jack and his mother are wealthy after selling the golden egg; the Baker and his Wife have a baby boy. But at the wedding of Cinderella and her prince, the earth shakes and everyone falls to the ground. The prince tells the crowd that it's just an earthquake and they should all return to their villages. But as they go into the woods to return home, the paths have all been altered from the quake. The Baker and his Wife can't find their way home; they run into Red Riding Hood who says that her village collapsed and her mother is missing. She is going to live with her grandmother but can't find anything familiar. They tell her they'll help her find her way; the wife hands her baby off to her husband who seems to have issue with being a father. The steward appears in the woods with the stepmother and stepsisters. The castle has been destroyed and the kingdom is under attack. They decide to go back to the village but then another earthquake happens. They realize that it's actually a giant woman causing the ground to shake. The Giantess demands they deliver the boy who cut down the beanstalk and killed her husband. Jack's Mother arrives then, looking for Jack. She is told the giant's widow is looking for him, too. Jack's Mother begins arguing with the Giantess, telling her to leave her son alone. The Giantess begins to stomp her feet, putting them all in danger. The steward holds Jack's Mother back; she trips and falls, knocked unconscious. The steward and stepsisters convince the Giant that Jack is hiding in the steeple tower. The Giantess sets off to find him. The Baker encourages them to stick together but the step family say they're not cut out for battle and they leave. The Witch tells them the village has been destroyed, only leaving a handful of beans in her garden. She convinces them to find Jack to keep the Giantess from killing everyone. The Witch makes her way to Rapunzel's tower, now a pile of rubble. Rapunzel is there with her prince and she doesn't recognize her now transformed mother. She agrees to go away with the prince and the Witch tries to punish her with some magic and then realizes a side-effect of her transformation: she can no longer cast spells. The prince recognizes her as the woman who blinded him; Rapunzel points out the Witch locked her in the tower. Rapunzel says she never wants to see her again and rides away with the prince. The Witch sings "Children Will Listen." The Baker and his Wife wander through the woods, searching for Jack. They decide to go in different directions, counting 500 steps to keep from getting lost. They leave their son with Red Riding Hood. The Baker's Wife runs into Cinderella's prince and asks if he's there to slay the giant. He doesn't even know about the giant and instead is fixated on seducing her (despite her mentioning her husband). He points out the giant could crush them at any time. She is reluctant to accept his advances given they both are married to others. They begin to kiss as Cinderella's birds watch. Meanwhile, the Baker stumbles upon Cinderella at the grave of her mother, disguised in her old rags so she could escape the palace unescorted. The tree has been destroyed by the earthquake and now Cinderella can no longer communicate with her mother. The Baker tells her about the giant and convinces her to stay close with him for safety. Cinderella's prince kisses the Baker's wife. She is excited that she has been kissed by a prince but feels guilty for cheating on her husband. She sets out to return to the group but hears the giant coming. She runs for safety but falls off a cliff. The Baker, Little Red, and Cinderella wait for the Baker's Wife to return. The Witch appears with Jack, who has the Baker's scarf with him, revealing he found the Baker's Wife (dead) at the bottom of a cliff. The Baker blames Jack for the giant's presence and the ensemble sings "Your Fault," in which they blame each other for the predicament they're in (Red Riding Hood dared Jack to go back up the beanstalk; Jack went up, attracted the Giant's attention by stealing his harp, and then killed him; Cinderella threw away the magic bean that created a beanstalk which allowed the Giant's widow to come down; and so on). The Witch hushes them, singing "The Last Midnight." She tells them if they want to place blame they can blame her, but just give her the boy (so he can be sacrificed to the Giant's widow and save everyone else). They refuse and she mocks them for being nice ("you're not good, you're not bad, you're just nice" -- harking back to one of the lessons Red Riding Hood learned in "I Know Things Now"). She's not nice, she's not good, she sings, but she's right. Near the end of the song, she throws the remaining beans to the ground where they spark; losing them means that the youthful spell will be reversed. The ground swells and swallows her into a sinkhole. Jack, Little Red, and Cinderella admit they are partially to blame. The Baker is bitter towards them and leaves, handing his baby to Cinderella. He says the child will be much happier raised by a princess than by him. Deeper in the woods, now alone, he meets the ghost of his father, who admits that he abandoned him because of guilt and then points out the Baker is doing the same thing to his own child. The Baker breaks down and cries. Little Red, Cinderella, and Jack begin to scheme on how to kill the Giantess. The Baker returns. He helps them devise a plan to use Jack as bait to lure the Giantess into a trap. Some birds land on a branch and tell Cinderella about her prince's infidelity. They all set out; Cinderella's prince rides by on horseback. She tries to hide her face (she's still disguised in her rags) but he recognizes her. She asks him why he strayed. He tells her he was raised to be charming, not sincere. She tells him her father's house was a nightmare, his palace was a dream, and now she wants something in-between. They say they will always love each other and then go their separate ways. They make it to a tar pit and Jack climbs up a tree. Little Red Riding Hood tells Cinderella she thinks her mother and grandmother would be upset with her if they knew she was going to kill someone. Cinderella tells her they're only hurting a giant who's done a lot of harm but Little Red points out the giant is a person, too, and they should show forgiveness. Cinderella sings "No One Is Alone." Simultaneously, the Baker tells Jack that his mother died after an accident with the steward. Jack says he will kill the steward in revenge. The Baker sings "No One Is Alone," as well, to Jack. Cinderella and the Baker become surrogate parents for the two newly orphaned children. The Giantess approaches and they point out Jack, who's perched in a tree. But when she tries to attack him, she is stuck in the tar pit. Jack and the Baker hit her with stones in slingshots. Cinderella's birds peck at her. She lunges at Jack but he dodges her; she falls and lands with a thud, just like her husband, and dies. They've defeated the Giantess but have no home to return to. Jack and Little Red Riding Hood suggest moving in with the Baker. Jack invites Cinderella. She agrees, saying she can help clean the house, which she actually enjoys. The Baker takes his baby and sings that maybe he wasn't meant to have children. His Wife's spirit appears as she sings "Children Will Listen" to him. The Baker tells the story of Into the Woods to his child while the Witch sings, too. They walk through the newly altered forest, to the destroyed village, as they all sing "Children Will Listen." The final line is the Witch's: "Careful the tale you tale, that is the spell, children will listen."
tt2788710
Action,Adventure,Comedy
In the opening scene, a little Korean girl is singing the North Korean national anthem, which features hateful and violent lyrics against the United States. Then in the next shot, a nuclear missile is launched into the sky. News stations around America report on the controversial actions of North Korea, and comment on the leadership of Kim Jong-un (Randall Park). Meanwhile, Dave Skylark (James Franco) is the host of an entertainment talk show called "Skylark Tonight" in New York City. He starts his show by interviewing Eminem (appearing as himself). Dave's producer and best friend Aaron Rapoport (Seth Rogen) is in the control room with the crew. Dave asks Em about the offensive lyrics to his songs. Em says most of them stem from personal feelings while very casually letting it slip that he's gay. The crew freaks out and decides to strike while the iron is hot and exploit this. Aaron tells Dave what to ask while he and the crew celebrate Eminem coming out on their show. After the episode is done, Dave takes Aaron out at night to a surprise party that they hold for Aaron in celebration of airing 1,000 episodes. There, Aaron meets an old schoolmate named Jake (Anders Holm). Jake criticizes Aaron for selling out and reporting on stupid celebrity stories while Jake is working at "60 Minutes". This bothers Aaron and makes him self-conscious over his work. Dave has Rob Lowe as a guest on the show, where the actor reveals that he is bald and is wearing a hairpiece. He removes the hairpiece and shows off an odd-looking bald spot that grosses out the crew. The show is interrupted by more news on North Korea and their supply of nukes. After the taping, Aaron talks to Dave about doing more serious stories. Dave agrees to help Aaron with this. Aaron is on the phone with John Kerry's office to book an important figure for a guest, when Dave comes in and shows Aaron the Wikipedia page for Kim Jong-un. Apparently, he is a big fan of "Skylark Tonight". This inspires Dave to try and have Aaron book an interview with the reclusive dictator. Aaron decides to go for it, saying that he can get in touch with an office in Korea that holds the Olympics. One of the crew members then comes in and says there's a video of Matthew McConaughey having sex with a goat ("McConaughey goat fuck!"), which they NEED to get on. Aaron gets a phone call from a representative of the D.P.R.K. (Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea), inviting him to travel to China to meet with North Koran officials to determine what to do with securing an interview with Kim. Aaron makes the trip to China, hiking all the way to the top of a mountain near the North Korean border. He collapses with exhaustion and is awoken by a helicopter descending. North Korean soldiers step out, followed by a woman named Sook (Diana Bang). She gives him instructions on what to do when meeting Kim. There will be written questions for Dave to ask Kim, scripted by his people. They leave him there with a small bottle of water. Returning to New York, Aaron tells Dave and everyone at the studio of his experience. Dave gets excited and brags to everyone on live TV that he has scored an interview with Kim Jong-un. He is subsequently criticized by other TV hosts like Seth Meyers and Bill Maher. Dave thinks they're just jealous, and he later does ecstasy with Aaron. They host a wild and destructive party at their house. The next morning, the guys are visited by Agents Lacey (Lizzy Caplan) and Botwin (Reese Alexander) from the CIA. Dave is immediately attracted to Lacey as she tells them the reason for her visit. Since they are going into North Korea, the CIA has decided to use them to assassinate Kim. This is so that a coup d'etat by the North Korean military can happen and the people of North Korea can finally have a suitable leader. Dave immediately accepts, but Aaron pulls him into another room and tells him that Lacey is probably trying to "honeypot" them by exploiting her good looks to rope them into a plot like this. Dave and Aaron go to the CIA headquarters where Lacey briefs them on their mission. She warns them that Kim is a master manipulator and that the people have spread rumors like that he doesn't go to the bathroom. The plan is to use a ricin-laced strip to poison Kim when Dave shakes his hand. Dave thinks a better plan would be to blow Kim up on live TV, and then get rescued by Seal Team Six. Lacey comments on how stupid and unsafe this is, and that the ricin strip is simple and more effective. They test it out with Dave, but he accidentally covers his mouth when sneezing. They leave with the strip, which Dave put in a pack of gum instead of the bag that the CIA gave him, because he thinks Kim would get suspicious if he saw Dave with an unflattering bag. The two walk out before a crowd of cameramen to whom Dave brags about meeting him and "giving him something using a hand". The two travel to North Korea and are welcomed by a big crowd at the airport near the capital city of Pyongyang. Sook guides them through the city to dispel the rumors of North Korea's famine. They drive by a supermarket and see a chubby boy on the street to convince Dave and Aaron that the people there are not starving. Sook takes them to Kim's palace outside the city in a wooded area and introduces them to Officers Koh (James Yi) and Yu (Paul Bae). Yu looks through Dave's bag and finds the strip. Panicking, he and Aaron say it's gum. Yu chews it and then spits it out. The guys are then escorted to their room and they scan the place for listening devices using a watch from the CIA. They contact Lacey and inform her that they lost the strip. That evening, the CIA sends a package with a replacement strip to be air dropped. Aaron is forced to put on dark clothes and sneak out of the hotel to retrieve the package while communicating with Dave and Lacey. While out there, he encounters a tiger. Aaron makes a run for it and the tiger chases him. He is saved when the package lands on the tiger and kills it. Aaron gets the package and then hears from Lacey that they see people arriving toward his location with guns. Dave tells Aaron to hide the package in his butt. Aaron reluctantly does so and is taken back to his room by soldiers. They strip him nude but find nothing. Aaron removes the package from his butt and shows it to Dave. They find that there are two strips in there in case they messed up again. Later, Kim shows up to Dave's room and is excited to meet him. He invites Dave to join him on a tour of his land. They hang out in his tank and listen to Katy Perry's "Firework" and drink margaritas, even though Kim was previously ashamed of liking those. He plays basketball with Dave on a private court and talks about how he has been trying hard to carry on his father's and grandfather's legacy. Kim surprises Dave by inviting a bunch of gorgeous Korean women so they can all party together. The guys are invited to a state dinner with a performance from three children. Aaron notices Yu looking sweaty and unwell as the ricin is starting to take effect. He motions to Dave, who notices. Yu stands up and vomits blood. Koh tries to calm him down. Yu takes out his gun to kill himself, but he ends up shooting Koh in the head, spraying blood everywhere. Kim cries for them, as does everyone else. Afterwords, this incident gives Dave doubts on the mission, and he throws the ricin strip away in a fountain against Aaron's protest. Kim goes to Dave's room again to invite him to another dinner. Aaron sticks his hand out with the other strip in his palm to poison Kim himself, but Dave stops him. At this dinner, the once-charming Kim reveals his true aggression and violent nature when he threatens nuclear warfare against every enemy of his in retaliation for the deaths of his two best officers. Dave leaves frightened. On the streets, he walks past the supermarket and finds that it's a fake with a wall painted to look like a grocery store, along with fake fruits on display. His trust for Kim has completely gone. Sook visits Aaron in his room as he is trying to get the strip off his hand. They acknowledge their attraction for each other and start to try having sex, but they stop when Sook says she gave Aaron false information regarding potato growth. Dave comes in, forcing Sook to hide under the covers. He tells Aaron of his distrust for Kim and blurts out the assassination plot. Sook gets up and admits her hatred for Kim and plans to manipulate the interview so that they can catch Kim in a moment of weakness so that all his people will stop viewing him as a god. The time comes for the interview to take place. Kim and Dave prepare themselves while Aaron and Sook operate the control room. Kim gives Dave a puppy as a gift to remind Dave of his old dog. Both the United States and all of North Korea watch the event. Dave begins by asking Kim the scripted questions as instructed about Kim's life and upbringing. Dave slowly builds up to sensitive topics until he asks Kim why his people are starving. Kim counters this by saying that his people are well-fed and argues that they would have more food were it not for the unfair sanctions held by the United States. As Dave's questions get more intense, a man in the control room attempts to cut the feed, but Aaron fights him off. The man bites off two of Aaron's fingers while Aaron bites off one of his fingers and causes the man to sit on a control stick that gets shoved up his ass. Sook shoots the man in the head before he can kill Aaron. Meanwhile, Dave brings up the margaritas, Kim's father, and then starts singing "Firework" to cause Kim to break down in tears and even "shart" himself. The soldiers and station crew start arguing and can't believe what they're seeing from their leader. In his rage, Kim pulls out a gun and threatens Dave. He shoots Dave in the chest on live TV. Dave falls to the floor as Kim leaves. Dave stands up and reveals he was wearing a bulletproof vest. The soldiers storm toward the control room. Sook shoots them all down. She and Aaron reunite with Dave and the puppy. Kim learns that Dave survived and gets angry because he got "honeydicked" by Dave when he was already trying to "honeydick" him. Dave, Aaron, and Sook attempt to escape when they see more soldiers heading toward them. Dave runs back to commandeer Kim's tank and run the soldiers over. Kim gets in his chopper and prepares to launch a nuclear strike. The chopper fires at the three in the tank. Dave aims the tank at the chopper and launches an RPG, obliterating Kim in a fiery blast, and holding off the launch. Sook leads Dave and Aaron to a mining tunnel that will take them west to the coast. She and Aaron part with one last passionate kiss. He and Dave make it far enough and are rescued by Seal Team Six. They take the guys home. As they ride across the sea, the two reflect on their adventure. Back home, Dave writes a tell-all book on the mission. North Korea is shown to be prospering with democratic elections starting to take place. Aaron also manages to keep in touch with Sook through Skype.
tt3748172
Drama,Horror,Thriller
Edit Jessie and Gerald arrive at an isolated lake house in Fairhope, Alabama, for some time away. While Gerald takes Viagra, Jessie feeds a stray dog outside, but when re-entering the house notices the door is left ajar. Jessie changes into a new night dress, placing the tag on a shelf above the bed, and practices sexy poses. Gerald takes a second Viagra and leaves his glass of water on the same shelf. He restrains Jessie with one handcuff on each wrist locked to the bedposts; she seems a bit surprised by this, but goes along. He begins to enact a stranger rape fantasy, telling her to scream for help, knowing no one will hear. She half heartedly plays along but soon becomes uncomfortable, telling him to stop and uncuff her; he replies, "What if I won't?" After a heated argument where he accuses her of not even trying to rekindle their relationship, Gerald dies of a heart attack, falling onto the floor, leaving Jessie in handcuffs. The dog enters and Jessie tries to scare it away, but it bites a chunk out of Gerald's arm and eats it. Gerald stands up and begins talking, but Jessie notices his body remains on the floor. He taunts Jessie about the truths of their strained marriage and his erectile dysfunctions. He then informs her that she has wasted hours already doing nothing, and she is beginning to suffer from de-hydration and fatigue. Jessie miraculously pulls a hand out of a cuff and breaks free. She gloats to Gerald, but then turns around and tells herself, the one still trapped, that it is easy to escape. Gerald and the self-assured Jessie tell things about herself and Gerald that she never had the courage to acknowledge. They trigger her to remember the glass of water above the bed, which she is able to reach but cannot bring all the way to her mouth. The hallucinations remind her of the tag she put on the shelf, which she rolls into a straw in order to reach the water. Jessie falls asleep, wakes up in the dark, and sees a tall, deformed, obscured figure who reveals a bag of various bones and trinkets. She closes her eyes saying "You're not real." But Gerald appears to say that the figure is Death waiting to take her. Gerald begins to call Jessie "Mouse", which unsettles her. This triggers a memory of her father, Tom, who affectionately referred to her as "Mouse." She is 12 years old, vacationing at a lake house with her family. As Jessie and her father sit alone outside to watch a solar eclipse, he suggests she sit on his lap, as she did when she was younger. Once on his lap, he masturbates. The handcuffed Jessie awakes to intense pain due to her circulation being cut off and cramping. Gerald and the confident Jessie are skeptical about her claims that she dealt with the pressure of keeping such a secret, and her claims that it had nothing to do with her marriage, even though she married a man just like her father. Gerald teases Jessie about the disfigured man she saw, whom he calls "the man made of moonlight", and points out what he suspects is a bloody footprint on the floor. After the eclipse, her father tells her he was ashamed of what he did, and manipulates her into agreeing never to tell anyone. Jessie remembers cutting her hand that night, when she squeezed a glass too hard when her mother asked her about the eclipse. The adult Jessie smashes the water glass and cuts her wrist in a way that enables her to peel back the skin, allowing her bloody hand to slip through the cuff. She drags the bed to the key, unlocking her other hand. She drinks water and bandages herself, but then passes out on the floor from blood loss and fatigue. When she wakes, the "man made of moonlight" is at the end of the hall, and she gives him her wedding ring for his trinket bag. She makes to her car and drives away, but sees the man again in the back seat. The car crashes into a tree, but people from a nearby house come out. Six months later, Jessie is writing a letter to her 12-year-old self, struggling to write with her hand that needed skin grafts. Voice-overs and scenes describe how she had pretended to have amnesia over the whole ordeal of being trapped, avoiding painful questions. She used some of Gerald's life insurance to start a foundation for victims of sexual abuse. But each night the "man made of moonlight" still appears before her as she falls asleep. Her wedding ring was never found in the house, and she learned from the news that a man who has acromegaly, causing disfiguration of his head, is a serial killer who dug up crypts, stealing bones and jewels, and occasionally eating the faces of male corpses. This explains why he did not harm Jessie in the house and also why Gerald's face was disfigured. Jessie arrives at court as the moonlight man is being sentenced, and calls for his attention. Seeing also Gerald's and Tom's face where his face is, she says "You're so much smaller than I remember", and walks triumphantly out into the street with the sunlight gleaming down on her.
tt3450900
Drama,Fantasy,Mystery
Arthur Brennan (McConaughey) treks into Aokigahara, known as The Sea of Trees, a mysterious dense forest at the base of Japans Mount Fuji where people go to contemplate life and death. Having found the perfect place to die, Arthur encounters Takumi Nakamura (Watanabe), a Japanese man who has also lost his way. The two men begin a journey of reflection and survival, which affirms Arthurs will to live and reconnects him to his love with his wife (Watts).
tt3297330
Drama,Thriller,War
Major Thomas Egan is an experienced Air Force combat pilot, but now he doesn't fly jets anymore. Instead he's now a member of a drone crew based near Las Vegas. The two contrary sides of a drone pilot's life has become his routine; at work hours he would control a drone over Afghanistan, dropping missiles at Talibans, while after hours he can simply go home to his wife and kid. But Tommy feels the nag in his gut, the desperate need to be inside a jet's cockpit in warzone airspace. He requests to his superior Lt. Col. Johns to be transferred to a jet squadron but the colonel asks him to mentor a new recruit pilot Suarez. Suarez becomes Tommy's co-pilot, lazing targets while Tommy gets the job to pull the trigger at the enemies. One day their drone gets the recon mission to scout a possible residence of Al Qaeda's new number two. They witness a guard raping a handmaid. They don't do anything since it will defy protocols, though it's clear that both Tommy and Suarez are disturbed by what they see. Soon their crew gets selected to execute a mission from the CIA. The CIA mission feels wrong because the strikes are executed indiscriminately. Meanwhile Tommy's civilian life also slowly drifts apart. His missions start to take more of his time, like when he has to do an over-watch over a team of ground forces for six hours after work hours. Meanwhile, the CIA orders the crew on new missions; each grows grimmer than the previous. They start to target pure civilians, inhumane follow up attacks on rescuers, and even strikes on funerals. One time, Tommy cheats his way out by disabling the link to the drone, losing its target for some seconds. The crew once again witnesses the same guard rapes the same handmaid and they still don't do anything. Suarez has had enough of it and she quits. Tommy's soon had enough and on one lunch break he locks himself within the control room, and sends a missile at that same guard who is going to rape that handmaiden again. The handmaiden gets too close to the blast point but she survives unharmed. Tommy then leaves his post.
tt1365050
Drama,War
Agu is a cheerful pre-teen boy playing barefoot with his friends in an African village. He lives in a Christian home, a modest but clean family dwelling with a father, mother, teenage brother, senile grandfather and infant sister. There is talk of war, sounds of gunfire in the distance and UN troops but the family has high spirits and laugh and joke around. As the civil war gets closer the villagers decide to send the women and children to the Capital for safety. In a melee, there is no room for Agu as the packed cars and taxis depart. A short time later the government troops enter the village. The remaining men and boys try to hide but are discovered, an angry Sergeant declares them as spies and orders them killed. The prisoners scatter but are shot, Agu's brother and father are killed but he makes it out to the forest in safety. Agu, wandering in the bush getting hungry is captured by a gang of armed boys, they have machetes, AK-47s and other weapons. The leader is a man called Commandant (Idris Elba) who lets Agu join their battalion. First he is a carrier, hauling an ammo box. The battalion hikes to their camp high in the hills. There Agu is further indoctrinated and brainwashed into the group, and receives training in small arms platoon combat. There is another boy is same age named Strika, angry who never talks. An earnest young man is the second in command referred to as "2-I-C". The first real mission is a road ambush. The youths hide around a bridge and attack a convoy of jeeps and trucks. Successful, they strip the dead enemy of anything valuable. A survivor is brought to the Commandant, who then gives Agu a machete and orders him to kill the man. Pausing and needing some prodding, Agu finally hacks he pleading man, Strika joins in and they chop away furiously. The battalion take the vehicles and drive off. In a town the battalion attacks as part of a larger force to take over a bridge. The Commandant personally leads his troops by coaching and exhorting the scared teens in his unit in a real combat situation. At night they relax and the Commandant calls in Agu to his office. He is on the phone with the Supreme Commander getting congratulations and his next mission. Agu has found a tinfoil pack of drugs on a dead body and offers it to the Commandant. The Commandant teaches Agu the importance of obedience in the military and following orders even if you don't like them. He encourages Agu by telling him he has leadership potential. Going into the bedroom the Commandant snorts the drugs, lays back on his cot and summons Agu to pleasure him. Leaving the hut, Agu is stunned and quiet, Strika comforts him. The battalion attacks another town, shooting people on the streets and ransacking houses. Agu and his team find a woman and young child hiding in a bedroom. Confused, Agu thinks the woman is his mother and tries to hug her, then realizes she is not. Upset, he paces around then shoots her in the head as another teen is starting to rape her. The boys then stomp the infant. After, Agu starts using drugs like the older boys in the battalion. The Commandant is summoned to see the Supreme Commandant, he brings Agu, Strika and a few others. They are made to wait several hours before the elegant politician deigns to see him. The white suited man announces the Commandant will be promoted to Deputy Security Chief, but the Commandant sees it as a demotion and wonders about his pay. For his last night with his boys the Commandant takes them to a brothel. The older ones go to rooms with the ladies while Agu and Strika drink beer and sleep in the reception area. A gunshot rings out and the 2-I-C staggers out clutching his stomach. A prostitute says it was an accident as she was playing with his gun. Frantic, the Commandant orders the women shot and the men leave quickly. 2-I-C dies later. The Commandant refuses his promotion and takes his battalion back into the bush. In a skirmish Strika is shot, Agu tries to carry him piggyback but the boys dies. They cover him with leaves and continue. In a fetid en-trenched base where are the troops are either drugged up or shooting randomly, they approach a weary Commandant. The new 2-I-C says they have no money or bullets and are leaving. Everyone points weapons at each other but the Commandant relents and let's them go. A short while later a UN force disarms and captures the straggling teens. Agu is sent to a pleasant ocean-side camp with other youngsters. The boys play soccer and swim in the surf and receive counselling. A reticent Agu goes through the DTs to get over his drug addiction and finally opens up to a social worker and goes to play with the others.
tt1517451
Drama,Music,Romance
The film starts with popular singer Jackson Maine (Bradley Cooper) getting ready to perform to a sold-out audience, but only after secretly taking a few pills with some whiskey. He sings the song "Black Eyes", which the crowd loves. Meanwhile, Ally (Lady Gaga) is a songwriter working at a catering hall. She is seen apparently breaking up with someone over the phone before joining her friend Ramon (Anthony Ramos) at work where she gets constantly chewed out by her boss Bryan (Jacob Schick). After work, Ally heads toward a performance while singing to herself. After Jack's show, his driver Phil (Greg Grunberg) brings him to a drag queen bar. There, he meets Ramon and has some drinks as Ally goes up to perform "La Vie en Rose". Jack is moved to tears by Ally's voice, and Ramon arranges for the two of them to meet in the dressing room. Jack charms Ally and invites her to have a drink, but first Jackson performs a song for one of the drag queens there. Jack takes Ally to a cop bar where she tells him that she doesn't sing her own songs because people have told her that while they like her music, they don't like her face. Jack disagrees and tells Ally that she is beautiful. An off-duty cop then walks over and harasses Jack for a photo, which Ally finds disrespectful, and she punches the man in the face. Jack then takes Ally to a grocery store to get frozen peas for her injured hand. Outside the store, Ally sings the song "Shallow" that she wrote, and Jack loves it. Jack brings Ally home to his house and invites her to see him perform at a show, but she declines as she has to go to work. Ally returns home to her father Lorenzo (Andrew Dice Clay) and his friends, who all work together as part of a limo driving service. Phil later goes to Ally's home to pick her up to fly her to the show, but Ally insists that she has to work. While at work, Ally gets annoyed when Bryan chastises her for being late, so she finally decides to quit, and she takes Ramon with her to fly and see Jack, who starts by performing one of his hits, "Maybe It's Time". At the show, Jack invites a nervous and hesitant Ally onstage to sing "Shallow" together, and the audience loves it. Videos of their performance becomes a viral sensation. Jack brings Ally back to his hotel room for some alone time. However, Jack gets high and passes out. His manager/older brother Bobby (Sam Elliott) has to help Jack into bed. Bobby tells Ally that he hasn't seen Jack perform like that in a while, and he credits her for that, but he also warns her to be careful around him. Ally starts to join Jack as he tours around the country, and they start to form a relationship. One day, Jack tries to bring Ally to a farm that he bought for Bobby, only to find that Bobby sold it. He finds Bobby and punches him in the face, feeling that Bobby betrayed him and their late father. Bobby blames their alcoholic dead father for introducing Jack to alcohol when Jack was only a teenager and he states that their father's body was washed away in a storm. Bobby then quits working with Jack. Ally joins Jack for another performance onstage to sing "Always Remember Us This Way". After the show, Ally meets Rez Gavron (Rafi Gavron), a record producer who wants to sign her to his label. Although he's not crazy about the idea, Jack supports Ally's choice to join the label and stands behind her. Ally soon becomes a rising star in music, and she and Jack start to live together at a country house with a dog named Charlie. During one of her shows, she chooses to leave her dancers offstage, which doesn't sit well with Rez. He also suggests that she dye her brown hair blonde, which Ally doesn't want to do. She eventually dyes it a bright red color. Jack tells Ally that he will be at one of her shows, but he actually gets loaded and passes out in front of the home of his old friend, George "Noodles" Stone (Dave Chappelle), a retired musician. Noodles invites Jack inside to share a meal with his wife and kids. Ally later shows up and forgives Jack for missing out on her. He goes into another room and cuts a piece of guitar string to fashion into a ring. With it, he uses it to propose to Ally, and Noodles then suggests that he can arrange for them to be married the same day. With several people in attendance, Jack and Ally tie the knot in a private wedding ceremony. Over the next few months, Ally's career continues to skyrocket, while Jack career deteriorates and he continues to hide his substance abuse from the public. Rez books Ally a spot as the musical guest on "Saturday Night Live" where Alec Baldwin is hosting. She performs a new song, "Why Did You Do That?" As Jack watches Ally onstage, Bobby shows up, and the two of them reconcile. While Ally is taking a bath, a very drunk Jack starts to berate Ally for her suggestive new song, making her seem like a whore and calling her ugly. Ally angrily throws Jack out. Ally gets nominated for three Grammy Awards, including Best New Artist. Jack is hired to play a Roy Orbison tribute with a younger artist. During the performance of "Pretty Woman," Ally notices that Jack is clearly drunk/high, but he manages to make it through the song. Later at the Grammys, Halsey announces Ally as the Best New Artist winner. Ally goes up to accept and gives a speech, but the very drunk Jack screws it up by hobbling onstage and then pissing himself right next to Ally, and finally fainting on stage. Lorenzo and his friends bring Jack into a nearby bathroom where he yells at Jack for ruining Ally's big night. Ally stays by Jack's side in the shower. Some time later, Jack enters a rehab program and attends weekly group AA meetings. When Ally visits him, Jack tearfully apologizes to her for what he's been doing. Another time later, Jack finally comes home from rehab. Ally tries to suggest to Rez that Jack join her for her upcoming tour to rejuvenate his career, but he says that's out of the question for the stress might trigger a relapse, and Ally says she would rather cancel the tour at the risk of her own career. Rez later personally talks to Jack at his home and tells him that he ought to stay away from Ally because he is just going to drag her down with his behavior and substance use. Before heading to one of her shows, Ally tells Jack that she is canceling her tour so that they can spend the summer together. Jack promises he will go to her last concert and try to stay sober. Ally is at her show waiting for Jack to show up, but he is at home, having taken some pills and booze. He goes into his garage with his belt and shuts the door with Charlie sitting outside. In between songs, Ally asks someone to go to the house to pick Jack up, but he has already hung himself. After learning of Jack's suicide, Ally is distraught and spends time alone, but she has a mental breakdown and smashes a couple of her framed posters. Bobby consoles her and tells her that Jack's death was his own fault and not her own. She is remorseful because the last thing she did was lie to him. A memorial service for Jack is held. Ally performs a song that Jack had written but never sang called "I'll Never Love Again". As she sings, there are clips shown of the time the two spent together, ending with Jack singing the end of the song himself for Ally.
tt0423512
Action,Adventure,Crime
The Warriors tells the story of the Coney Island Dominators, a New York City street gang from Coney Island, Brooklyn. On the evening of July 4, the Dominators attend a conclave of New York's gangs in the Bronx, where they witness the death of Ismael Rivera, the leader of the Delancey Thrones, the largest gang in New York. Following the death of Rivera, the Dominators must return to Coney Island from the Bronx, encountering various rival gangs as they make their journey.
tt1791528
Comedy,Crime,Drama
The movie opens on a rickety beach house. It is the year 1970 in Gordita Beach, a fictional town in Los Angeles. A young woman, Shasta Fay (Katherine Waterston), walks to this home; we are told she is the homeowner's "ex-old lady" and "Tonight she was all in flatland gear, hair a lot shorter than he remembered, looking just like she swore shed never look." These are passages from Thomas Pynchon's novel and this eloquent prose is inserted throughout the movie. Shasta's ex-boyfriend is revealed as Doc Sportello (Joaquin Phoenix), who is both a private investigator and a hippie/dope head who always seems a bit dazed and confused. Shasta tells him about her new lover, Mickey Wolfmann (Eric Roberts), and asks Doc to help prevent a plot by Mickey's wife and her lover to have Mickey abducted and committed to an insane asylum. He asks why she came to his place and she suspects she is being watched and by showing up at his home, it just looks like a secret rendezvous. Wolfmann is a wealthy real estate developer that Doc remembers from TV ads. He watches one where, in his drug-state, Wolfmann appears as Doc's arch rival, the police officer, Bigfoot. Doc calls his Aunt Reet, who tells him that Wolfmann is technically Jewish but wants to be a Nazi. He is associated with white supremacists and has a lot of ties to criminals. We meet Sortilège (Joanna Newsom) who is serving as our narrator. She tells Doc to change his hair; we later see it with pieces of blue ribbon tied into it. Doc meets with Tariq Khalil (Michael Kenneth Williams), a member of a Black Panther-esque group called the Black Guerilla Family, who hires Doc to help him find one of Mickey's bodyguards, Glen Charlock, a white supremacist who he met in jail who owes him money. Khalil discusses the history of Los Angeles land Mexicans losing their homes so the Dodger Stadium can be built, American Indians being kicked out for the Music Center, his own neighborhood gone to build Channel View Estates (Wolfmann's real estate). Doc writes on his pad with stoned out notes like PARANOIA ALERT and HALLUCINATING. Doc visits Channel View Estates, followed by dozens of police officers that do a poor job at remaining hidden. Doc enters the home, which ends up being a brothel. Behind a door with a cartoon drawing of a naked woman, a prostitute named Jade (Hong Chau) emerges and tells about the $14.95 special on eating pussy. She demonstrates on her colleague, Bambi, while Doc searches the premises for Charlock but he is knocked on the head by someone with a baseball bat and collapses, theatrically. He awakens outside, lying next to Charlock's dead body and surrounded by policemen. Doc is brought to the police station and interrogated by Det. Christian F. "Bigfoot" Bjornsen (Josh Brolin) of the LAPD who harshly interrogates about the murder of Charlock and the disappearance of both Mickey Wolfmann and Shasta Fay. Doc is helped by an attorney, Sauncho Smilax (Benicio Del Toro) but he is not an actual criminal lawyer and is willing to help the police or Doc indiscriminately. It is clear that Doc and Bigfoot have a love/hate relationship despite a deep respect for each other. A running joke is Bigfoot is always simulating oral sex on bananas or popsicles, which intrigues Doc in a nonjudgmental way. Bigfoot tries to get Doc to become an informant for the police but he does not want to. Doc is also hired by Hope Harlingen (Jena Malone), a former heroin addict who is looking for her missing husband, Coy, a saxophone player. She tells Doc about her own drug problems and how drugs have ruined her teeth and made her breasts hairy (she shows Doc a photo of her daughter at which he screams). She tells him she's now working as a drug counselor. Impersonating a patent lawyer, Doc makes his way to the Wolfmann residence and meets his wife, Sloane (Serena Scott Thomas), as well as her lover, the hunky yoga instructor, Riggs Warbling (Andrew Simpson). The house is run on debauchery including a housekeeper who is openly willing to perform sexual favors for guests. Doc tours the house and finds a closet filled with ties, each with a naked woman drawn on them. Each woman is a live-in houseguest one of them is his own ex-girlfriend, Shasta, who has now gone missing. Back at the police station, Doc expresses his distaste for the police and seems to be afraid of officers. Doc meets with Deputy D.A. Penny Kimball (Reese Witherspoon), who he also is having an affair with on the side. She asks him about Wolfmann and Sasha's disappearances and the murder of Charlock. She suggests maybe Doc has killed him given that he is always so drug-induced, he passes out and doesn't remember things; he has no defense against this hypothesis. She directs him to the FBI, who take him to an estate; among the guests is a man with a swastika on his face. Doc spots Coy Herlingen (Owen Wilson) there; the two speak privately about the Golden Fang, which Coy reveals is the name of a secret organization with shady business. It is also the name of their boat which is used to smuggle heroin into the country. While being questioned at the police station again, Doc mocks the two inept FBI agents conducting the interrogation, each picking their nose at different intervals (the film has an over-the-top goofy tone). When he leaves the station, the secretary, Petunia (Maya Rudolph), tells him he has a message. It is from Jade who apologizes for setting him up and tells him to be aware of the Golden Fang. That evening, Jade meets Doc in an alley where she explains about the Golden Fang, a group that is smuggling drugs into the country. He then runs into Coy Harlingen, who is not dead at all. Coy is a saxophone player in a local surf band who is hiding undercover at a house on Topanga Canyon no one recognizes him because he plays bass with the band that resides there. Coy disappears in the fog and Doc struggles to find his way out (a metaphor but also shows the world from his drugged-out point of view). Sauncho Smilax, the attorney, gives Doc more information on the Golden Fang, including the fact that it was stuck in the Bermuda Triangle for 50 years. Doc spots the boat in the ocean off-shore. Doc is watching a Richard Nixon rally on TV; Coy Harlingen appears on the screen, protesting Hitler's speech. When he talks to Coy about it, he learns that Coy dabbled in Communism years ago and that he is now a police informant. He explains that he fears for his life and now only wants to return to his wife and daughter. At his home, Doc receives a postcard from Shasta that reminds him of an experience they had there with a Ouija board. Sortilège is there, helping them use the board, but they don't seem to acknowledge her (flirting with the idea that she is a figment of Doc's imagination). The board spells out a phone number and when Shasta and Doc call it, it leads them to the Howdy Doper office downtown. They visit it in person but it is closed; they wait outside the building, snuggling up in the cold. Doc goes to the same building from his memory and waits in the office of a dentist, Dr. Rudy Blatnoyd, D.D.S. (Martin Short). Rudy is hedonistic, constantly having sexual relations with his staff and snorting cocaine. He is later joined by Japonica Fenway (Sasha Pieterse), a young 18-year-old girl, who is the daughter of a rich man named Crocker Fenway. She drives the group home, despite them all being high on cocaine; they are pulled over by a police officer who explains her headlights are off; Japonica says she doesn't need them because she can see in the dark. The officer continues, telling them that any group over three people may be indicative of a cult; a high Dr. Rudy worries that its Charles Manson again. The police officer lets them go, not realizing they are all obviously high on cocaine. The next morning, Bigfoot meets with Doc in a Japanese restaurant where he tells him that Dr. Rudy Blatnoyd has just been found dead with a neck injury fang bites. Bigfoot also informs Doc that there may be a link between Puck Beaverton (another one of Wolfmann's bodyguards) and Coy Harlingen. The two have a long conversation about how the city is changing for the worse Doc mentions extra work is drying up. Later, Doc watches television at home and sees Bigfoot working as an extra on a police television series "Adam-12" (in the vein of Dragnet). Doc goes to a casino several miles away to find Puck Beaverton. It is run by a sort of cult, including a man with a swastika on his face. Doc notices two FBI agents escorting Wolfmann through the premises; he manages to talk with him and learns that Wolfmann has given up on the state of the world and feels guilty for the negativity that his real-estate business has caused; he now is a happy member of the cult. When Doc returns to Los Angeles, he is greeted by Shasta who has returned. She says she was up north but he points out the puka shells she are wearing are from the beach. She confesses to being on a three-hour tour (i.e., on the Golden Fang) and that she was brought along as inherent vice. She admits to not knowing what this means. We are told by Sortilège in voice-over that inherent vice is listed as an insurance policy as something that will inevitably be damaged like chocolate which will melt or glass which will break. In other words, a sort of defect in a product, which will lead to it being deteriorated; if the defect is not noticeable and nobody has been warned of it, neither the insurance company or the insured are liable for any claim. Shasta and Doc engage in a conversation and when she emerges from another room, she is completely naked. Shasta says that Doc should pretend she is a Manson girl, easily duped and controlled by a man, all while rubbing her nipples. As their conversation continues, she rubs his leg, sexually, and then bends over the couch all in a long, six-minute unbroken shot. It concludes with them having sex. When she tells him "It doesn't mean we're back together," Doc replies, "Of course not!" Doc meets with Penny again at her office who is willing to provide him with confidential files he reviews them and learns that Adrian Prussia, a loan shark, is paid by the police department to kill people for them one of their victims was Docs former partner. Prussia is tied to the Golden Fang and he learns that Glen Charlock was involved with a deal which is how he ended up dead. Doc visits Adrian Prussia (Peter McRobbie) noticing his obsession with baseball bats, but is abducted and drugged by his partner Puck. He manages to escape, killing both Puck and Adrian. Bigfoot appears and rescues him but after being driven home by Bigfoot, Doc learns that he has been set up: Bigfoot has planted some smuggled heroin in his car. Doc successfully meets with Japonica's father Crocker (Martin Donovan) and arranges for the drugs to be returned to the Golden Fang in exchange for Coy's freedom. Sauncho and Doc go to the ocean and watch the Golden Fang becomes repossessed. Doc then picks up Coy from the retreat and drives him home where Coy is finally reunited with his family. The next day, Bigfoot breaks into Doc's house while he is smoking pot and offers him some. The troubled police detective takes a hit from Doc's joint, and then scarfs down the whole silver plate of the marijuana before walking out. The film ends as Doc and Shasta ride in a car going to an unknown destination. Doc states that this doesn't mean they are back together. She replies, jokingly, "Of course not." At the end of the closing credits is the quote, "Under the paving-stones, the beach!"
tt1273221
Crime,Mystery,Thriller
Set in 1999 London, this noir crime thriller based on Martin Amis's novel of the same name features a star-studded cast, including Billy Bob Thornton, Johnny Depp, Amber Heard, Jim Sturgess and Cara Delevingne. Martin Amis' 1989 novel London Fields was a diamond-sharp slash across the face of his nation. Set in a then-futuristic 1999, it painted a portrait of a world plagued by an unnamed Crisis, where men behave badly and a woman, Nicola Six, waits for her birthday, when she plans to be murdered. The New York Times called it "a virtuoso depiction of a wild and lustful society." Wild and lustful, indeed. Scripted by Roberta Hanley and directed by Matthew Cullen, this adaptation splashes Amis' words across the big screen as vivid, palpable flesh. Amber Heard plays Nicola as a young woman already world-weary. She's so anxious about her declining power over men as she ages that engineering her own death seems like the wise choice. She does her best to manipulate petty criminal Keith Talent (Jim Sturgess) and dangerously bored millionaire Guy Clinch (Theo James) toward the deed. When American novelist Samson Young (Billy Bob Thornton) discovers Nicola's story, it feels like an instant cure for his writer's block. Featuring cinematography by Guillermo Navarro (Pan's Labyrinth, Jackie Brown) and production design by Jeremy Reed (Factory Girl), London Fields wraps its characters in an intoxicating swirl of post-punk, grotty glamour. It suits them. Nicola, Keith, Guy, and Samson scheme to take what they can from each other, fueled by Guy's money, Samson's perverse sense of drama, and everybody's lust. And in London Fields, everybody really means everybody. The terrific ensemble cast includes Cara Delevingne, Gemma Chan, Jaimie Alexander - and a hello to Jason Isaacs.
tt0491175
Comedy,Crime,Drama
Set in the late 1950s, the film opens with an introduction to the quaint little town of Suburbicon. Established in 1947, it has become a generally pleasant town with people from other parts of the country moving there for an idyllic lifestyle. Mailman Henry (Steve Monroe) goes around happily greeting the town's residents. He reaches the home of the new residents, the Mayers family, who happen to be African-American. When Henry speaks to Mrs. Mayers (Kamirah Westbrook), he doesn't realize she is the new neighbor until she says so. His friendly demeanor drops as he awkwardly tries to step away while "forgetting" to give Mrs. Mayers her mail. The other residents then react with horror to the fact that their new neighbors are black. A town meeting is held full of angry white men demanding that the Mayers be removed from the town. A petition is held amongst all the townsfolk to do something about getting the Mayers family to move out. Rose Lodge and her twin sister Margaret (Julianne Moore) are the Mayers's next door neighbors. Rose tells her son Nicky (Noah Jupe) to play with the Mayers's son Andrew (Tony Espinosa). Reluctantly, Nicky goes over and invites Andrew to play catch with him. That night, Nicky's father Gardner (Matt Damon) goes into his room with another man, Louis (Alex Hassell). Gardner tells Nicky that Louis and another man, Ira Sloan (Glenn Fleshler) are about to rob them. Gardner takes Nicky downstairs where Sloan is sitting in Rose's wheelchair, and she and Margaret are being kept hostage. After they force Gardner to pour them drinks, the robbers sit the family at the dinner table and smother them with chloroform rags. Nicky wakes up in the hospital to find Gardner and Margaret, and to see that Rose is dying after being overdosed on chloroform. We cut to Rose's funeral. Rose and Margaret's brother Mitch (Gary Basaraba) comforts Nicky and gives him some extra money. People around town offer their condolences to Gardner, Margaret, and Nicky everywhere they go, while quietly insinuating the Mayers family may have been involved. Nicky starts to take precautions to avoid another incident. He sets up bars against his door to prevent anyone from breaking in. He hears what sounds like Margaret yelling in fright. Nicky grabs a knife and goes to the basement, only to find that Gardner and Margaret are engaged in kinky sexual activity, with Margaret having cut her hair and dyed it blonde to resemble Rose. Gardner is contacted by Captain Hightower (Jack Conley) and asked to come to the police station to view a lineup of suspects. Margaret arrives at the station and brings Nicky because she didn't want to leave him home alone. Nicky is left outside the room as Gardner and Margaret go in. Nicky sneaks in as Gardner is attempting to identify the men. Nicky clearly spots Louis and Sloan as the last two in the lineup. A guard mistakenly flips the light switch on, revealing the family behind the glass and making Gardner and Margaret see that Nicky made it inside. At home during a bath, Nicky asks Gardner why he didn't identify Louis and Sloan when he had the chance. Gardner dodges the question and says it's just complicated. All around town, the residents of Suburbicon continue to show increased hostility toward the Mayers family, particularly at the supermarket where Margaret works where the manager tells Mrs. Mayers that everything she has taken has been raised to $20. Louis and Sloan confront Gardner at work in his office. Sloan smacks him around and is angry that Nicky had seen them, and is also demanding money that was supposed to be returned after Rose was killed. Hightower visits Gardner at work to inform him that an enforcer for the mob named Frank Rizzoli had been found dead. After going through his books, it was discovered that Gardner's name was listed among those that owe money to the mob. However, Hightower also notes that they did find a hotel called Garden Lodge, and decides perhaps they were confusing it with Gardner's own name. One afternoon, Margaret is visited by a sleazy insurance salesman named Bud Cooper (Oscar Isaac). He smooth-talks Margaret before making clear his true intentions after he mentions that an insurance claim was filed by Gardner shortly after Rose's death. Margaret lets it slip that she and Gardner were in need of money after Gardner had attempted to start up his own business and subsequently failed. Margaret kicks Cooper out of the house as he continues to press her. Sloan approaches Louis at work and tells them that they need to take care of Nicky since he is going to get suspicious of the whole scheme. Sloan orders Louis to finish the job, or he will become a liability. Throughout the day, the town's residents gather outside the Mayers' home to taunt them before it gradually turns into a riot with police forced to take serious action. They break the windows of their home and set their car on fire while planting a confederate flag. Meanwhile, Cooper visits the Lodge house. He tells Gardner he knows about their insurance fraud and that he is going to blackmail Gardner and Margaret with bringing the police over unless he receives the whole cut of the insurance claim. Margaret brings Cooper a cup of coffee, and he begins to choke after drinking it. Margaret admits to Gardner that she put lye in it. Cooper runs out in a panic as Gardner grabs a fire poker. He chases Cooper outside and swings the poker into his head, killing him. Louis and Sloan are nearby watching. Gardner stuffs Cooper into the trunk of his car and goes to dispose of him, while Louis goes inside the house and Sloan follows Gardner. Nicky realizes what's going on and he calls Mitch for help. Margaret cuts the phone line, and Nicky locks himself in his room. Margaret makes a peanut butter and jelly sandwich that she laces with crushed up pills to poison Nicky, as well as his milk. Nicky refuses to touch the food. Louis sneaks up on Margaret and strangles her to death before making his way up to Nicky's room. He finds Nicky under the bed but is pulled out by someone else. After a brief struggle, the other person shoots Louis dead. It turns out to be Mitch. He gets Nicky out and brings him to hide in a closet. Mitch turns around to reveal a knife in his back from the fight with Louis. He sits down by Nicky's bed and slowly dies. Gardner takes Cooper's body out of town and leaves it in a car. He rides a bike home and is followed by Sloan. While distracted and yelling at Gardner, Sloan is struck head-on by a firetruck. The leaked fuel catches fire and causes the car to explode, killing Sloan. Gardner rides home. Gardner finds Nicky in the closet with a gun. He also finds the bodies of Margaret, Mitch, and Louis. Gardner sits at the kitchen table with Nicky as he starts to eat the sandwich and drink the milk. He calmly tells Nicky that he can join Gardner in going to Aruba with the money he will take out from the insurance claim, or Gardner will kill him. The following morning, the Mayers family cleans up the mess around their house. The unrepentant and racist neighbors use them as scapegoats for the chaos that has occurred in town. Nicky is watching the news while Gardner lies dead at the table. Nicky goes outside and sees Andrew. He takes a ball and starts playing catch with him.
tt0384254
Action,Crime,Sci-Fi
When a detective is double crossed by a trusted informant, he is believed to have been killed. In reality, he learns that his face has been surgically altered and his identity has become "Michael Knight". Wilton Knight, a dying billionaire who, convinced that one man can make a difference, has selected Michael for the role as a crime-fighting champion of right. He is given an advanced car named K.I.T.T. which has a molecular bonded shell nearly impervious to damage, capable of speeds over 200 MPH, and contains an artificial intelligence computer. Michael agrees to perform his assigned role in order to save the world from disaster and discovers along the way that there are important ideals other then revenge worth fighting for.
tt1502407
Horror,Thriller
Forty years after the Haddonfield murders in 1978, two journalists, Aaron Korey and Dana Haines, travel to Smith's Grove Sanitarium to interview Michael Myers, who was captured after Dr. Samuel Loomis shot him off of the Doyle house balcony at the end of the movie. Dr. Ranbir Sartain, Michael's new psychiatrist after Dr. Loomis' death, inform them that Michael is able to speak, but chooses not to. Dana records the event as Aaron approaches Michael and talks to him, but fails to get him to speak, even after showing him his mask and mentioning Laurie Strode. The two journalists leave Smith's Grove Sanitarium and drive to Laurie's house, a heavily fortified and decrepit homestead, and bribe her for an interview, which she reluctantly accepts. Laurie has spent the last forty years dealing with post-traumatic stress and preparing for Michael's inevitable return. Her feelings have resulted in two failed marriages and losing custody of her daughter Karen at a young age. Aaron and Dana tell Laurie their interest in finding out why Michael committed the murders in 1978 and ask her to meet with him in a final attempt to get him to speak before he's transferred to a maximum security prison. Laurie kicks them out of her house, but not before taking the money they offered. As the transport is being prepared and patients are loaded onto the bus, Dr. Sartain insists on accompanying Michael, and the bus departs. In Haddonfield, Laurie's granddaughter and Karen's daughter, Allyson, is walking to school with two friends and tells them the stress that her family endures due to her grandmother's past, and debunks the town rumor that Michael is Laurie's brother. In class, Allyson looks out of the window to see Laurie watching her. She meets with her grandmother who gives her the three thousand dollars from Aaron and Dana and tells her to have fun. During a family dinner at Karen's house, Laurie arrives and has a panic attack and Allyson comforts her. Meanwhile, the bus transport crashed in a ditch, the security guards were killed, and the inmates were scattered about the road. A man and his son driving down the road happen upon the bus and investigate. While the father disappears, his son grabs a rifle from the truck and encounters a fatally wounded security guard that tells him to run. He investigates the bus and is startled by Dr. Sartain, shooting him in the shoulder accidentally. Fleeing back to the truck, he calls the police; Michael appears from the back seat and kills him. The following morning, Sheriff Frank Hawkins explains to a deputy that Michael Myers escaped the transport and will most certainly return to Haddonfield to finish what he started four decades prior. Aaron and Dana arrive at a gas station; Dana leaves Aaron to use the bathroom while he goes inside to pay for the gas. With the inside of the station deserted, he stumbles upon a dead mechanic missing his overalls and a cashier whose jaw was ripped open. Meanwhile, Michael attacks Dana in the bathroom, and when Aaron arrives to save Dana, Michael kills him by bashing him into the door numerous times, killing him, before strangling Dana to death. Michael inspects their vehicle and recovers his mask, putting it on. Laurie learns about the transport crash and breaks into Karen's house to demonstrate her lack of security. After a brief argument about Michael with Karen and her husband, Ray, Laurie leaves and heads to the gas station in time to witness the bodies of Aaron and Dana being recovered. On Halloween night, Michael wanders a populated street in Haddonfield, littered with families and children trick-or-treating. He finds his way into a shed behind a house and takes a hammer before going inside to kill the sole occupant. He replaces the hammer with a kitchen knife and moves to the house next door, killing another woman by stabbing the knife through her throat. Allyson is at a school-sanctioned Halloween party with her friends and receives a call from Vicky, inviting her to come over once Julian, the kid she's babysitting, falls asleep. Allyson gets into an altercation with her boyfriend, Cameron, who throws her phone, just as Laurie was calling to warn her to go home. At Julian's house, he tells Vicky that he saw a masked man standing in the doorway, but Vicky dismisses it as his imagination and puts Julian to bed as her boyfriend, Dave, arrives. As Vicky checks the closet at Julian's request, she opens the door and is attacked by Michael who was hiding inside; Julian flees the house and calls the police. Laurie, patrolling the streets in her truck, hears the dispatch call on her CB radio and hurries to the house, where Sheriff Hawkins is investigating. He finds Vicky's corpse and Laurie shoots Michael through a window, only to find out it's his reflection in a mirror. Laurie and Hawkins patrol behind the neighboring houses and find Michael; Laurie shoots him, but as she turns the corner, Michael is gone. Allyson ditches her boyfriend at the party and allows her friend Oscar to walk her home. Allyson rejects his advances and Oscar lags behind, spotting Michael watching him. Oscar tries to escape, but is caught on a fence and Michael impales him. Allyson turns back and finds Oscar's body and is chased by Michael before finding refuge in a neighboring home. Karen and Ray arrive at Laurie's fortified home and wait for Allyson to arrive. Hawkins encounters Dr. Sartain and in turn, find Allyson during their search for Michael. Finding Michael, Hawkins runs him over with the police SUV and gets out of the vehicle to shoot Michael at point-blank range, despite Dr. Sartain's protests. Dr. Sartain stabs Hawkins in the throat with a blade hidden inside of a pen and kills him before taking Michael's mask and trying it on. Dr. Sartain loads Michael into the back of the vehicle with Allyson and drives to Laurie's house, intent on reuniting them. Michael regains consciousness and reclaims his mask, and Allyson informs Dr. Sartain that Michael spoke to her; distracted by demanding to know what Michael said, Michael breaks through the security barrier, forces Dr. Sartain out of the vehicle, and stomps on his head as Allyson flees on foot. Ray steps outside to offer coffee to the police officers stationed outside Laurie's house and finds them dead. Michael appears behind Ray and strangles him. Laurie alerts Karen to Michael's arrival and sends her into the hidden safe room as she locks and barricades the front door. Michael breaks through the glass panels in the door and attacks Laurie, who escapes by shooting Michael's hand with a shotgun, stripping him of two fingers, forcing him to retreat. Laurie patrols her house room by room and seals each room off with security gates. Laurie encounters Michael upstairs; Allyson arrives as Laurie and Michael stab each other and witnesses Laurie fall from the balcony. When she investigates, Laurie is gone and Allyson makes her way into the safe room with Karen, who alerts Michael. As he appears, Karen shoots him with a rifle and stuns him. Laurie appears from the shadows and attacks Michael, sending him tumbling down the steps into the safe room. Karen and Allyson leave the safe room, but Michael regains consciousness and grabs Karen's ankle. Allyson stabs Michael with his own knife and the two escape the room. Laurie flips a switch and metal bars spring into place, barricading the exit and trapping Michael in the safe room as it fills with gas. Laurie lights a flare and tosses it through the bars, setting the room ablaze with Michael in it. Laurie, Karen, and Allyson escape as the house is engulfed in flames and hitch a ride in the back of a pickup truck coming down the road. The three women embrace as they're taken to safety.
tt1727824
Biography,Drama,Music
The film opens with preparations being made for the historic Live Aid concert in 1985. As the stage is set, running to the front is the legendary rock star, Freddie Mercury (Rami Malek). In a flashback to 1970, Freddie is seen working as a baggage handler at London's Heathrow Airport. He lives with his parents Jer (Meneka Das) and Bomi (Ace Bhatti), and sister Kashmira (Priya Blackburn), and lives as Farrokh Bulsara, but he prefers to be called Freddie. Freddie attends a show at a club to see a band called 'Smile' perform. After the show, members Brian May (Gwilym Lee) and Roger Taylor (Ben Hardy) are told by their front man Tim Staffell (Jack Roth) tells them that he wants out of the band to pursue bigger opportunities. As he looks for the band, Freddie meets Mary Austin (Lucy Boynton) and compliments her scarf, which she says is from the store she works at. Freddie then approaches Brian and Roger after the show to compliment their performance and offer to be their new singer. They seem unconvinced at first, especially with Freddie's large teeth, but Freddie sings for a moment to show off what he can do. Freddie joins Brian and Roger, along with their new bassist John Deacon, or "Deaky" (Joseph Mazzello). Someone in the audience comments on Tim's absence and replacement with a "paki". After a bit of an awkward start, Freddie shows off his talent, despite singing some of the lyrics a bit incorrectly. A year later, the band is getting steady work performing gigs across England, and Freddie has been dating Mary. After their van breaks down, Freddie proposes that they sell it to record their first album, and they start to go by the band name 'Queen'. Mary and the guys have lunch at Freddie's home, joined by Mary's deaf father. Jer tells the guests how their family were originally from Zanzibar until they were chased out of there. Freddie then answers the phone and tells the guys that a music manager named John Reid (Aiden Gillen), who works with Elton John, has listened to their demo and wants to meet and manage Queen, to the excitement of the other guys. The band meets with Reid, who introduces them to Paul Prenter (Allen Leech), another manager. Reid gets the band to go on a popular BBC show to perform "Killer Queen", but they initially clash with the show's producers for wanting them to perform the way the network wants them to (mainly lip-syncing the song). 1975 At home, Freddie proposes to Mary, who accepts. The other guys come in to tell Freddie that Reid has booked the band a tour of America. The band embarks on their U.S. tour to ecstatic sold-out concerts. They also hire lawyer Jim Beach (Tom Hollander), or "Miami" as Freddie prefers. The band, plus Reid and Beach, meet with EMI's record producer Ray Foster (Mike Myers) to make their next album. Freddie proposes something similar to an experience of going to the opera, and so he wants to call it "A Night at the Opera." The band stays together as they work toward their next big hit. While trying to write new songs, Paul approaches Freddie and kisses him. Although he doesn't try to resist, Freddie tries to make it seem like he doesn't feel somewhat similarly toward Paul, who claims he knows Freddie as well as he knows himself. Despite some disagreements, the band comes to create "Bohemian Rhapsody". They play it for Foster, who thinks it's too long at six minutes and is comprised of nonsense words. He would rather use Roger's "I'm in Love With My Car" or "You're My Best Friend" to be the main single on the album over "Bohemian Rhapsody", since he thinks those songs would play better with a young demographic while no radio station will want to play a long song. Queen decide to turn their backs on Foster and EMI. Freddie takes "Bohemian Rhapsody" to DJ Kenny Everett (Dickie Beau) to play it for the very first time to the public. It receives mixed to outright scathing reviews, but it becomes one of the band's biggest hits that they play at venues all over the world. After the world tour, Freddie meets with Mary, whom he had been distancing himself from on the road. He comes out to Mary as bisexual, but she tells him she thinks he's gay. She starts to cry as she is tired of all of Freddie's excuses, and she breaks up with him. 1980 Freddie cuts his hair short and sports his now famous mustache. He owns his own home next to Mary, but he appears to be lonely. He calls Paul to arrange a party and invite a bunch of strangers. Freddie invites the band, but he starts to behave all crass and rudely toward them, prompting them to leave. After the party, Freddie gropes a waiter, Jim Hutton (Aaron McCusker). Although he offends Jim, Freddie apologizes and invites him to stay. The two chat and share a kiss before Jim leaves, but he invites Freddie to find him after he's found himself. Brian comes up with a new song that he thinks will encourage the audience to perform along with the band - "We Will Rock You". Sure enough, it becomes another smash hit. After one of Queen's performances, Paul approaches Reid and suggests that they try and get Freddie to go solo. Meanwhile, Freddie finds Mary with her new boyfriend David (Max Bennett). On the way home from the show, Reid offers the solo deal to Freddie, but it only enrages him to even think about leaving the band, and Freddie fires Reid. Freddie's behavior gets worse as he shows up to rehearsals late and almost fights with Roger. However, for all that rancor, the band remains productive: they settle their arguments as Deaky creates a catchy new bass line that inspires a new hit, "Another One Bites The Dust". The band goes to a press conference where reporters hound Freddie with questions about his sex life and orientation, due to ongoing rumors that he has been engaging in gay orgies. He appears too overwhelmed and dazed to properly answer questions when he is not being rude to the reporters. Queen then does a video for "I Want To Break Free", which gets banned by MTV for featuring the group in drag. Later, Freddie tries to get in touch with Jim, but finds that there are a large number of Jim Huttons in the phone book. Freddie later confesses to the others that he signed a $4 million solo contract with CBS Records, which deeply upsets the others. As Freddie leaves, Brian tells Freddie that he needs them more than he realizes. 1984 Freddie moves to Munich, West Germany to record his solo album, "Mr. Bad Guy". One night, he is visited by Mary, who says she is pregnant. She tries to convince Freddie to rejoin the band as they have been offered a spot to perform at the Live Aid benefit concert for Africa. Mary leaves, but Freddie confronts Paul about not telling him about Live Aid. He breaks up with Paul and demands that he never see him again. In retaliation, Paul goes on TV to discuss his sexual relations with Freddie. Freddie gets in touch with Beach and manages to get the others together to discuss joining Live Aid. He apologizes to the guys for his behavior and abandoning them. Beach tells them that the lineup is fully booked, but he talks to Bob Geldof and convinces him to let them perform, and they all agree under the condition that anything they come up with be credited to Queen as a whole and not to any individual one of them. The band starts to practice for the show, but Freddie falls ill. He sees a doctor and gets the diagnosis that he tested positive for AIDS. Freddie tells the band about it, but he doesn't want them to feel bad for him as long as they can continue to perform together as friends. They all then get together for a group hug. 1985 The day of Live Aid has arrived. Freddie finds Jim and invites him to come see the show. He visits his family and shows them love before heading to the performance. Bomi decides he will want to watch the show on TV with his family. While at the show, Mary and David arrive, and Jim joins them backstage to watch the show. It is now Queen's turn to perform. They start with "Bohemian Rhapsody", where Freddie blows a kiss to the camera for his family. The next song is "Radio Ga Ga", followed by "Hammer To Fall", and finally "We Are The Champions", where people watching everywhere sing along to. Numerous calls for pledges come in, bringing in over £1 million, and Queen's performance is so epic that it drives many viewers to tears. After the performance, the guys walk away like true champions. The final text states that Freddie Mercury died in 1991 from AIDS-related pneumonia at age 45. He was in a relationship with Jim Hutton for the rest of his life, and he remained good friends with Mary Austin until his death. Jim Beach and the surviving members of Queen joined to create the Mercury Phoenix Trust to help fight AIDS worldwide.
tt1374989
Action,Comedy,Fantasy
Set in an alternate England of the early 1800s, the film opens with Colonel Darcy (Sam Riley) traveling to the home of a wealthy family to investigate the emergence of a zombie. He arrives at the home and sits with the family before taking out a small vial containing a particular set of flies that can detect the undead. The flies land on the house's patriarch, whose eyes turn red. Darcy breaks a glass and stabs the man in the throat before decapitating him. This frightens one of the young girls in the house, and she retreats upstairs. When she is discovered, she has turned into a zombie as well and proceeds to attack. Over the opening credits, we hear the voice of Mr. Bennet (Charles Dance) narrate the origin of the zombie outbreak, which is represented in the form of a pop-up book. The Black Plague hit London and began to create zombies. A wall was built to separate London from the zombies, leaving them in an area called The In-Between. It is said that the Four Horsemen are ready to rise up from Hell and bring about the apocalypse. The five Bennet sisters: Elizabeth (Lily James), Jane (Bella Heathcoate), Kitty (Suki Waterhouse), Lydia (Ellie Bamber), and Mary (Millie Brady) have all been trained by their father in the art of weaponry and martial arts after being sent abroad to China. Mrs. Bennet (Sally Phillips) wants her daughters to be married off to wealthy suitors. As it turns out, the Bingley family has moved in nearby and are throwing a ball, wherein Mrs. Bennet hopes that the young and handsome Mr. Bingley (Douglas Booth) will win over one of her girls. Elizabeth doesn't want to seek out a husband, to which Lydia makes a snide comment about Elizabeth not being able to attract men. She proceeds to chase Lydia out of the room. The Bennets attend the ball. Bingley instantly sets his eyes on Jane. Darcy is in attendance and takes notice of Elizabeth, but he makes comments that she is unappealing, which Elizabeth overhears. She walks outside tearfully and encounters a woman she knew named Mrs. Featherstone (Hermione Corfield), who is a zombie. Mrs. Featherstone is about to tell Elizabeth something until her head is blown off by Darcy. A horde of zombies then attacks the party, prompting the Bennet sisters to spring into action. As they slay every zombie in their path, Darcy instantly becomes smitten with Elizabeth when he witnesses her in combat. Jane is outside by herself on a rainy day and encounters a zombie. She kills it but then spots a zombie woman with her child. Jane hesitates and is attacked by the zombie. She is confined to her room, where it is feared that she may have been bitten. Darcy arrives at their home with the flies to detect a zombie, but Elizabeth catches each fly with her hand and returns them to Darcy. After Jane recovers, the sisters attend another ball for the Bingleys. There, Elizabeth meets the soldier Mr. George Wickham (Jack Huston), who seems to be charming and polite. He tells Elizabeth that he has had a history with Darcy and does not wish to further challenge him. Another group of zombies attacks the party, resulting in Bingley injuring himself (but not getting bitten), and Darcy joins Elizabeth in fighting the monsters. The Bennets are visited by Parson Collins (Matt Smith), who intends to marry one of the sisters. He initially sets his eyes on Jane, though he is told that she is with Bingley. He later tries to make a move on Elizabeth, but requests that she give up her life as a warrior, something that she adamantly refuses to do, even for a man. Mr. Collins later decides to settle with Elizabeth's friend Charlotte (Aisling Loftus). Elizabeth and Darcy meet with Darcy's aunt, Lady Catherine de Bourgh (Lena Headey), a notorious zombie killer with major authority. Lady Catherine, who has several scars on her body that she carefully hides as well as a black eyepatch over her left eye, wants Darcy to marry her daughter Anne, but Catherine's skill are also needed to fight off the zombies. Elizabeth travels with Mr. Wickham to the In-Between, an area outside of walled-in London but inside a royal moat, to a church filled with zombies, who feed on pig brains to keep themselves from going completely savage. Mr. Wickham wants Elizabeth to join him in helping the zombies. He also suggests that she run away with him, but she remains conflicted. Back home, Elizabeth is told that Darcy has convinced the Bingleys to move away. When Darcy approaches Elizabeth with a proposal of his own, she expresses her outrage at his actions and fights him in a duel. Elizabeth gets the upper hand, and Darcy leaves. Mr. Darcy writes Elizabeth a letter to apologize for his actions and to state that he separated Jane and Mr. Bingley for fear that Jane only wanted to marry Mr. Bingley for his wealth, having overheard Mrs. Bennet drunkenly mention it. Mr. Darcy also mentions that Mr. Wickham had tried to elope with Darcy's 15-year-old sister for her fortune. Mr. Darcy's letter states that he is battling zombies in London, and that they have overrun the walled city. Elizabeth is then cornered by Lady Catherine and her bodyguard Wilhelm (Ryan Oliva). Lady Catherine states Mr. Darcy has been intended to marry her sickly daughter, Anne, from their youth and confronts Elizabeth about rumors over Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy. When Elizabeth denies it, Lady Catherine instigates a fight between Elizabeth and Wilhelm in place of Lady Catherine who Elizabeth has refused to fight. Wilhelm attacks Elizabeth, but she claws his face and fights him off, causing him to get crushed under a pile of bricks. Catherine then holds her sward at Elizabeth's neck and states she doesn't know if she admires Elizabeth's skill as a warrior, or her resolve as a woman. She leaves Elizabeth alone. Afterwards, Lady Catherine decides to protect Elizabeth's family from approaching zombies and takes them to her estate. Elizabeth later finds out that Mr. Wickham ran off with her younger sister, Lydia and decides to go rescue her. Elizabeth and Jane travel to the canal on the outskirts of London where the Royal Army is blocking the last bridge out of the city. Elizabeth the leaves Jane behind in the army camp and hides her horse alone across the bridge to find her sister. Meanwhile, the zombies make their way toward London. Mr. Darcy then encounters Mr. Wickham at the old church and rescues Lydia in the basement. When a horde of zombies, who had been living normally until the pig brains they had been eating were switched with human brains by Mr. Darcy storm the cellar, Mr. Darcy escapes with Lydia. Elizabeth rejoins Darcy in the In-Between and helps him battle the undead. Darcy encounters again Wickham and fights him, eventually impaling him and seeing a bite mark on his chest, revealing he was undead all along. Before Wickham can kill Darcy, Elizabeth rides in and chops his right arm off and knocks him out. Darcy rides with Elizabeth across the bridge as other Londoners blow it up to keep the zombies away. Darcy is injured in the explosion and is rendered unconscious. Elizabeth tearfully admits her love for him. After Darcy recovers, he finds Elizabeth and tells her that he heard what she said on the bridge. They share their first kiss and agree to marry. The Elizabeth and Darcy have a joint wedding with Bingley and Jane, officiated by Parson Collins. Everyone attends including Lady Catherine, Mr. and Mrs. Bennett, as well as Lydia, Kitty and Mary. The two couples walk away together to live happily ever after... Until a moment during mid-credits when everyone sees something beyond the church gates. The now one-armed Wickham is leading the four zombie Horsemen along with a HUGE army of zombies towards them, ready for war....
tt0837563
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
Louis Creed, his wife Rachel and their young children Ellie and Gage move to a remote woodland house on the outskirts of Ludlow, Maine. Ellie stumbles across a Pet Cemetery (misspelled "Sematary") in the woods after following a procession of children and encounters her neighbor Jud Randall who quickly strikes up a friendship with the family. Louis who works at a university hospital is unable to save the life of a student called Victor Pascow who is hit by a car. Louis is plagued by nightmares of Victor warning him to stay away from the woods and claiming, "the barrier must not be broken". Meanwhile Rachel suffers from her own trauma regarding her sister Zelda who died as a teenager from spinal meningitis and whose illness traumatized a young Rachel. Ellie's beloved pet cat Church is hit by a truck and is found by Louis and Jud. Aware of how devastated Ellie will be, Jud convinces Louis to bury Church deep in the Pet Sematary. The next day, Louis is stunned to discover Church is alive although he is notably more aggressive and dirtier, scratching Ellie and bringing a dead bird into the house. Louis confronts Jud who tells him that the Pet Sematary is able to bring things back from the dead and is inhabited by a Wendigo that the natives in the woods feared before fleeing. After finding Church sitting on Gage in his crib, Louis leaves Church on the side of the road and tells Ellie he ran away. Meanwhile Louis and Rachel's nightmares about Pascow and Zelda intensify. The family throw a birthday party for Ellie. While playing hide and seek with her friends, Ellie spots Church in the road and rushes to him. Gage follows and is almost hit by a truck but is saved by Louis. The driver swerves to avoid Gage, causing a large tank to break loose which ends up hitting and killing Ellie who was still on the road. The family are devastated, and Rachel and Gage leave to spend a few days with Rachel's parents. Louis visits Jud who tells Louis that he knows that he's thinking of burying Ellie in the Pet Sematary and warns against it. Jud passes out from drinking and Louis takes the opportunity to dig up Ellie's body and bury it in the Pet Sematary. Ellie returns later that night, looking pale and with a notably meaner and colder attitude. Meanwhile Rachel is spooked when Gage starts having nightmares and references Pascow by name. Rachel heads home, unable to contact Louis and calls Jud to check on him while she's stuck in traffic. Jud visits and is turned away by Louis. However, Jud spots Ellie watching him from her bedroom window, and he flees to his own house. As he gets his pistol to kill Ellie, Jud is surprised by Church and in the distraction, Ellie slices his ankle with a scalpel she stole from Louis. Ellie mocks Jud by taking the form of his dead wife Norma before stabbing Jud to death. Rachel and Gage arrive at the house much to Louis's surprise. Ellie introduces herself to Rachel who is horrified and flees upstairs with Gage. As Louis tries to convince Rachel that Ellie is still their daughter, he notices that Ellie is missing and heads to Jud's house to find her. Meanwhile Rachel is attacked by a knife wielding Ellie and is stabbed but manages to escape to the bathroom with Gage, barricading herself in. Louis finds Jud's body and returns to the house to see Rachel trying to lower Gage out the bathroom window. Louis catches Gage and Rachel is stabbed to death by Ellie. Louis locks Gage in the car and returns upstairs to find a dying Rachel who begs not to be buried in the Pet Sematary. Ellie knocks Louis unconscious and drags Rachel's body into the woods where she buries her in the Pet Sematary. Louis awakens and finds Ellie in the woods where the pair fight. As Louis prepares to kill Ellie, he is stabbed by a resurrected Rachel and he too is buried. The trio burn Jud's house to the ground before approaching the car where Gage still sits inside. A resurrected Louis gestures to Gage who unlocks the car door before the film cuts to black.
tt2402101
Action,Drama,Mystery
Set in a farming town in Kansas, Dark Places follows Libby Day (Charlize Theron), the only surviving witness of a horrific massacre that took her mother and sisters. Believing the slaughter to be the work of a Satanic cult, Libby testifies in court against her own brother. 25 years after the murder, she remains haunted by the gruesome violence of her past when she meets a group of amateur investigators who call themselves 'The Kill Club.' Looking to satisfy their morbid curiosity, the group begins their own inquiry about the case, believing Libby's brother innocent. In order to help them, Libby must unearth painful memories of the event, and learn that her past may not be what it seems. Adapted from a bestselling mystery novel written by Gillian Flynn in 2009, Dark Places is not only a mystery thriller but an examination of poverty, abuse, and neglect running rampant in rural America.
tt0808372
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
This movie follows the story of Snake and his past. Hideo Kojima will write the script for this film. Information on casting is unavailable.
tt1355644
Drama,Romance,Sci-Fi
The movie opens in outer space with the starship Avalon on autopilot heading to the colony world of Homestead II during a mass exodus of Earth's population. The crew and the 5,000 passengers are all in hibernation pods for the 120-year journey. It is 30 years into the journey. The ship travels through a meteor storm, and power is diverted to the forward shields, then the ship collides with a large meteor and the power blinks, red alert screens come on in the control area, then quickly go back to normal. Something bad has happened. Jim Preston (Chris Pratt), a mechanical engineer, wakes up in his pod with a cheery computer voice telling him that soon they will be arriving at Homestead II. He is told that it is normal to feel confused and weak after being in hibernation. The wristband on his arm is scanned, and the computer leads him to his cabin where he sleeps. The next day he wakes up, tries to decide what to wear when meeting fellow passengers, then makes his way to a cafeteria where he is the only one. He goes to an orientation session about life as a colonist on Homestead, but he is the only one there. The cheery computer generated instructor cannot understand his question about why no one else is there. Jim goes to the Main Concourse and gets no help from the information kiosk. He finds an office where he can send a message to the Homestead Company, that he is warned will be expensive. He sends a message explaining he is the only one awake and needs help, then finds out it will be fifteen years before anyone on earth receives his message. He is on his own. Jim finds manuals for all the ship equipment. He studies the manual on the hibernation pods but cannot find a way to get it started again once the person has woken up. He cannot get into the area where the crew pods are to try and wake anyone for help, and he cannot get into the command area. His wristband does not give him the proper clearance. Jim finds the robot bartender Arthur (Michael Sheen) who he can talk to, but the robot is programmed to dispense bartender advice, like if you don't like where you are, change things. Jim is a general class passenger with a basic cabin, and he breaks into a suite with nicer amenities. A year passes as Jim makes use of the ship's entertainment facilities, but without other people, he becomes more desperately lonely. He goes to an area where passengers can put on a space suit and go outside while safely tethered to the ship. Jim contemplates suicide by opening the airlock without a spacesuit, but stops himself and runs into the pod area. He trips near a pod with a lovely woman inside, Aurora (Jennifer Lawrence). He studies her passenger profile she had recorded before the ship set sail. She is a journalist and is traveling to Homestead to have an adventure and learn about why people choose to be a colonist. He reads her stories and thinks she is perfect. He wrestles with himself about waking her up, knowing that it will doom her to die on the ship, but he cannot stand the isolation after a year alone, so he manually makes her pod wake her up, hiding before she can see him. The same cheery computer program wakes up Aurora and leads her to her cabin to sleep. Aurora wakes up the next day alone and wanders to the grand concourse where she meets Jim. He tells her the truth about how long he has been awake, but he doesn't tell her that he woke her up. He has asked Arthur the robot bartender not to tell Aurora what he has done, and Arthur agrees. Aurora and Jim talk daily, discuss what can be tried to fix the pods. Aurora swims, runs, and begins to write her story. She asks why Jim left planet Earth, and he says he likes to make things and fix things, and on Earth, things get replaced when they break and are not fixed. He wants to live in a house he builds himself. Her plan was to travel to the colony, spend a year there talking to colonists about why they left Earth, then return to Earth. Aurora is a gold class passenger and uses her status to procure more elaborate breakfast meals, than his standard clearance entitles him to. After some time of getting to know each other, Jim asks Aurora on a date and she accepts. After they eat, he takes her to the spacesuit room, and there are two suits and they both get dressed and go outside. Coming back in, Aurora is excited, and they go to Jim's cabin and make love. They are happy, have their routine of exercise, watching the stars, taking advantage of the ship's entertainment and restaurant venues. Another year passes, and it's Aurora's birthday, and Jim plans a special surprise, he made a ring for her. Going in the bar, Aurora tells Arthur that she and Jim have no secrets and Jim agrees, not realizing that Arthur interprets this as meaning that Jim has told Aurora that he woke her up. Jim steps into the men's room, and Arthur tells Aurora what a good choice Jim made to pick her to wake up. Aurora is devastated and furious, and tells Jim to stay away from her. One night she enters his cabin while he's sleeping, and assaults him with her fists. While she's running, Jim uses a ship's intercom to try and explain himself, but Aurora screams that Jim took her life. While all of this is going on, the control room is more frequently getting alerts of system failures, more over time. Jim and Aurora have noticed small things like the cleaning robots having system failures. It's now two years since the meteor collision. One day Gus (Laurence Fishburne) wakes up and appears on the concourse, he is a deck crew chief and has woken up early. Hibernation Pods have never failed before, and he explains that something major is wrong. His wristband gets them into the command center, where they find that the ship's automatic diagnostics have failed and they need to check every deck manually. While Gus runs tests before this can be done, there is a major gravity failure and Aurora almost drowns while in the swimming pool. Gus finds that there have been cascading failures, and the computer can make a timeline that shows the first failure was two years before. Gus determines that the first few failures caused power diversions to try and re-equalize the load, but the load became too heavy, causing more and more failures. The whole ship is in danger of becoming dead in space, which will doom the entire crew and passengers. The area first affected was in the main engine area, but they will have to do a manual inspection to tell where. At this point, Gus collapses, and Jim and Aurora take him to the infirmary and put him in the medical auto diagnostic scanner. There are multiple necrosis all throughout his body and death is imminent, because of the malfunctioning hibernation pod. He puts on his uniform and prepares to die, and gives him and Aurora his wristband, so they can access the areas of the ship they need to go to fix things. In engineering, Jim and Aurora find a hole made by a meteorite that goes thru some critical areas. When they open one door, Aurora is almost sucked out because of a hole thru the hull. She blocks it with a tablet Jim pushes to her, and Jim uses a liquid sealant to further seal to the hole. The area pressurizes, and they then learn the fusion engine exhaust has to be manually vented. The manual override won't work, Jim has to get into a spacesuit and go outside to fix it. He ends up having to go into the exhaust passage to open a flap, but it won't stay open, unless Jim holds it open so that the manual vent will work. Aurora, now desperate not to lose Jim, argues with him over the radio, but she pulls the lever. Jim is pushed out, his tether breaks, and there is a hole in his suit. He tells Aurora goodbye. She runs to get into a spacesuit herself and goes to look for him. She retrieves Jim by grabbing his tether, but when they get inside, he is unresponsive. She drags him to the infirmary, and the auto-doc says Jim is dead. Aurora uses Gus' wristband and his override code to get the machine to resuscitate Jim, and it works. He is alive, and she is relieved and overjoyed. Later, things are back to normal on the ship. Jim works on the auto-doc and tells Aurora he found that using the command override he could put her back in hibernation in the infirmary, but he would be alone again. Aurora chooses to stay awake with Jim and make a life with him on the ship, together. 88 years later... It's the end of the voyage, and the captain and crew awake and come to the grand concourse to find there is a huge tree, lots of trailing vines and vegetation, birds flying, and a cabin (that might have Jim and Aurora's grandchildren in it.) Aurora's voice-over is reading her story to the passengers, explaining how they made a good life where they were.
tt2179136
Action,Biography,Drama
In the opening scene, US Navy SEAL sniper Chris Kyle (Bradley Cooper) is perched on a rooftop, scoping out the path of a US military convoy through his sniper rifle. He sees a man on a rooftop talking on a cell phone, and he appears to be watching the convoy, which Kyle reports it through his headset. He is told that if the man is reporting troop movement, he has the green light to shoot him, but Kyle is unsure. His marine backup suggests that he may just be talking to his girlfriend on the phone. The man disappears from the rooftop and a few moments later, a woman and a young boy appear in the doorway of the same building and walk toward the convoy. Kyle reports the woman and boy, noting that the woman is not swinging her arms as she walks and appears to be carrying something. No one in the convoy can see it to confirm. He watches through the scope as the woman removes something from her cloak and hands it to the boy, and he realizes that it is a grenade. He again gets the green light to shoot, but his marine guard warns him that he will be sent to prison for shooting a child, if he's wrong. The film cuts to a young Chris hunting with his father, and he shoots and kills a deer. His father congratulates him on his excellent shot, telling him he has a gift. Chris happily approaches the deer, dropping his gun to the ground as he runs to it. His father reprimands him for treating his gun cavalierly. Over several scenes set in his childhood, we see young Chris, his younger brother Jeff and his parents attend church, where he pockets a small well-worn copy of the New Testament. There's also a scene of Jeff being beat up by a much larger kid on a playground. Chris runs up and pulls the bully off, beating him up. In the next scene, seated at the family's dinner table, Chris' father tells the boys that there are three kinds of people in the world - sheep, wolves and sheepdogs. Sheep don't believe that there is evil in the world, wolves are predators who commit evil, and sheepdogs are blessed with the aggression and bravery to protect the world from evil. The speech clearly makes an impact on Chris. Years later, Chris is competing in rodeos with his younger brother traveling alongside him. He returns home one night and finds his girlfriend in bed with another man. He hits the man several times and kicks him out before turning around to kick his girlfriend out. She complains that he abandons her every weekend to go to rodeos, believing himself to be a cowboy when he's just a failed farmer. As Chris and his brother watch TV, they see the news of the August 1998 terrorist attacks on the US embassies in Tanzania and Kenya. Chris is angry that US citizens are being attacked and feels compelled to do something to protect his country. He visits a US navy office and talks to the recruiter. The recruiter suggests that Kyle might be interested in the SEAL program and hands him a pamphlet, but Kyle remarks that he's not much of a swimmer. The recruiter takes the pamphlet out of his hand and says that it's not for most men, but Kyle retorts that he's not most men. Kyle goes through the rigorous training process, which includes being blasted with a powerful hose while exercising, laying down on the beach and letting the cold surf wash over him as well as being verbally harassed by the officers who run training, mocking him for being too old to be a SEAL at the age of 30. He also goes through sniper training, bringing in his hunting background. The instructor reminds them to 'aim small, miss small' - if they aim for a button on a man's shirt, they might miss by only two inches, but if they aim for the shirt altogether, they might miss by two feet. His instructor also tells him to keep his non-scoping eye closed, to better focus on the target. Kyle responds that he needs to keep both eyes open to see what else is out there. The instructor tells him that they are shooting at a target, and there's nothing else out there, and reprimands him with 50 push ups. Kyle proves him wrong by shooting a snake, hidden in the grass on the shooting range. In the mean time, Kyle meets a woman named Taya (Sienna Miller) at a bar one night. She tells him that she would never marry a SEAL, as her sister did but was cheated on and lied to constantly. She also challenges him at drinking shots, showing off how tough she is, but she ends up vomiting outside the bar. Kyle is kind to her, holding her hair back and taking care of her. He calls her repeatedly until she agrees to date him, and their relationship progresses. She asks him at one point if she ever thinks about who will be at the end of his gun, and he tells her that he just wants to protect his country. On their wedding day, he and his fellow SEALs receive word that they will be deployed to Iraq, which they celebrate. The film cuts back to the opening scene and Kyle watches the woman hand the grenade off to the young boy. As the young boy starts running toward the convoy with the grenade in his hand, Kyle pulls the trigger and kills him. The woman starts wailing and running toward the boy, and Kyle watches her closely. The woman runs past the boy's body to grab the grenade he dropped and continue running at the convoy. She is about to fling the grenade at it when Kyle shoots her. The grenade falls short of the convoy and explodes, leaving the troops unharmed. Kyle returns to the base camp where a fellow SEAL congratulates him on his first kill. Kyle doesn't appear to regret the killing but admits that he didn't think this is what it would be like to protect his country. Kyle continues to provide overwatch for marine units who are going door-to-door through an evacuated city, searching for an al Qaeda leader named Zarqawi. They are told that any military-aged male who remained in the city should be considered a threat. Kyle successfully watches over the troops, shooting many would-be attackers who carry guns and bombs. Kyle is dedicated to his job, even urinating in his post to avoid abandoning his watch. After a particular watch, Kyle reports that he had six kills, which is more than all the other snipers combined in the same shift. His fellow troops begin calling him The Legend. Also, a bounty has been placed on their heads by al Qaeda. Kyle also hears of an al Qaeda sniper who won a gold medal for shooting in the Olympics called Mustafa, known for making nearly-impossible shots. Several times throughout, Kyle talks to his pregnant wife on the phone and she tries to get him to be honest and tell her about what he's going through. He resists but they talk and laugh together. She complains that she has to put the crib together by herself and they express how much they miss each other. She also tells Kyle that his younger brother has been deployed to Iraq as well. At times, Kyle complain about being assigned to overwatch as he wants to be on the ground with the troops going door-to-door. He believes his training makes him better equipped than the Marines doing the job, and he can't protect them on overwatch once they're inside a building. He finally abandons his overwatch post and joins the Marines on the ground who welcome The Legend. As they go door to door they find a home where the family has refused to evacuate. The man tells them that it is his home, and he will not abandon it. Kyle questions the man with the help of an interpreter, showing him a picture of Zarqawi and asks him if he knows who he is. The man says that Zarqawi's second in command is a man known as the Butcher. He can give Kyle information on the Butcher, but he wants $100,000 in return. Kyle promises to help him, and the man provides a name. Kyle has the name checked out, which turns out to be useful intelligence, so they prepare to bring the cash to the man. As the SEALs drive back to the man's home to bring him the money, Kyle calls Taya, who tells him that she has just learned their baby is a boy. Kyle is overjoyed when his vehicle is suddenly attacked and he drops the phone while it is still connected. Taya listens in horror to gunfire and screaming, unsure of what is going on. Mustafa is shooting at the men, and Kyle tries to take him out but is unable to do so as he is pinned down by gunfire. The Butcher found out that the man gave up information to the troops, and he kills the man's young son with a handheld power drill. He also shoots the man and screams out a warning to anyone who cooperates with the US military. The Butcher and Mustafa both get away unharmed. More troops arrive, and Kyle and his men are able to get out safely. A few days later, the troops return and Taya tearfully reunites with Kyle. Kyle tries to adjust to life back at home. Taya finds Kyle watching a video of US soldiers being killed by a sniper and rushes to shut it off when he sees her. She tells him that she wants him to open up, but he doesn't want her to know about the atrocities they're facing in Iraq. The video shows Mustafa's kills, which he records and sells. While at the obstetrician's office for a check up, the doctor asks him how he's doing, to which he responds that he's fine. She takes his blood pressure which is very high at 170/110. Both the doctor and Taya are extremely concerned about him, but Kyle brushes off their concerns and says he will take care of it. As they drive away, Taya tries to get him to open up, but Kyle just repeats that he's fine. However, as he's talking, he grows more frustrated as he tells her that he doesn't understand why everybody isn't talking about what's going on in Iraq and how people are just going about their every day lives. Taya goes into labor and they rush to the hospital where she gives birth to their son. After arriving in Iraq, Kyle sees his younger brother marching with his troop. Kyle cheerfully greets Jeff who is about to be sent home and is much more battle-worn and conflicted. Jeff wearily walks away and tells Kyle, "fuck this country." Kyle redeploys for a second and third tour in Iraq, continuing to hunt down the Butcher. The bounty on his head has been increased, and he jokes that his wife may go after it herself. In their search for the Butcher, Kyle leads a team of SEALs, including men he has served with for a long time, and they are clearly a close-knit group. One of his men, Mark begins to express regret about the war, and Kyle reminds him that they are patriots serving their country and protecting their families. On one mission, the team gets intelligence that the Butcher may be hiding out in a particular building. The team breaks into a home across the street from the building though the man that lives there with his family says that they have no knowledge of any terrorist activity. The SEALs watch the building from the home, realizing they will have a hard time getting in when the man tells them that it is a holiday and he wants to invite them to be guests at his table. The SEALs join them for a meal, eating and talking boisterously. The man reaches across the table to his son, and Kyle notices that his elbows are rubbed raw. Since snipers often spend considerable amounts of time held up on their elbows, causing callouses like the ones the man has, this tips him off that the man might not be as innocent as he professed. He gets up under the pretense that he's going to the bathroom and searches the apartment until he finds a hidden compartment in the floor filled with guns and weapons. He returns to the dining table, taking the man into the other room and showing him what he has found. He tells the man that he will help the SEALs get into the building. At gunpoint, they force the man to knock on the door. The door opens to allow the man in, as he is clearly known to the people inside, when a sniper takes out the door opener. The man grabs the door opener's gun and tries to shoot at the SEALs who take him out. The SEALs enter the building, clearing room after room looking for the Butcher who escapes through back tunnels. While at an auto body shop, a young Marine approaches Kyle and tells him that Kyle had saved his life once in years past. The Marine asks Kyle if he would go down to the VA sometime to talk with veterans. He also talks with Kyle's son, telling him that his father is a hero and allowed him to go home to his own daughter. Kyle is gracious but feels uncomfortable with all the praise the young man gives him. Between deployments, Kyle continues to struggle to readjust to civilian life. Loud noises seem to startle him deeply. Taya gives birth to their second child, a daughter. When Kyle visits the hospital, he sees his daughter in the nursery and she begins to cry. The nurse is handling another baby and doesn't immediately attend to Kyle's daughter, and he becomes increasingly agitated, screaming at the nurse. His wife bitterly remarks that he is missing his kids' childhoods, and she has to create memories by herself. He argues that he is protecting the family and his country by doing his job, but Taya wants him to protect them at home. In a casual conversation, another SEAL, Biggles reveals that he's purchased an engagement ring locally to save money. The men tease him about the quality and possible blood origins but Biggles laughs it off and says he will tell his girlfriend it's from Zales. In an ensuing battle, Biggles is shot in the face by Mustafa and they rush him back to the base where he goes into surgery. Biggles asks Kyle to promise to deliver the engagement ring he bought to his girlfriend back home, no matter what happens. The troops head back out immediately, burning to get revenge and Mark is shot during the mission and presumably killed. Biggles survives and is brought stateside for medical treatment. After his third tour, Kyle still cannot connect with his family and his home life. He visits Biggles in the hospital who seems to be in good spirits. Biggles shares that he is now engaged, having purchased a new ring that is actually from Zales, despite trying to warn his girlfriend that her life will be much more difficult being married to him. Kyle doesn't seem to comprehend what could be difficult about being marring to a SEAL, saying she's lucky to be married to a patriot who fights for his country. Kyle still feels compelled to return to the war. He fights with his wife about it, with Taya demanding to know if he has a death wish. She says he's done his duty and it's somebody else's turn to go. She also tells him that if he leaves again, she and the children will not be waiting for him when he returns. He tries to smooth things over but deploys yet again. Kyle tries to call Taya but it goes to voice-mail. While talking with another SEAL, Kyle finds out that Biggles has died in a recent surgery stateside. During one overwatch post, Kyle watches a man walks out onto the street carrying a grenade launcher. Kyle kills the man. A young boy who had been playing nearby is startled and runs over. Kyle is concerned that the young boy will try to pick up the grenade launcher and he will have to kill him. The young boy struggles to get the grenade launcher on his shoulder, and Kyle prepares himself to shoot the boy. The boy finally gives up and runs away, and Kyle is clearly relieved. Kyle and his team are told that engineers are trying to construct a wall around the city but a sniper keeps picking them off from over 1,000 yards away, leading the team to believe it is Mustafa.The team is sent out despite an oncoming sandstorm to try to take him out and protect the troops constructing the wall. They head out into the city and take their places on a rooftop, aiming at the direction they believe Mustafa is shooting from. However, Mustafa moves quickly and shoots from a different angle, killing another soldier constructing the wall, causing the SEALs to scramble to change their set up. Kyle believes he's spotted Mustafa through the scope though the rest of the team has a hard time believing him, as he's over 2,000 yards away. They don't think he can see Mustafa let alone shoot him at that distance. Also, the team spots many insurgents walking around the building and if Kyle takes a shot, it will alert them to the SEALs' location where they will be vastly outnumbered. The leader calls in a response team from the base, which will take some time to arrive. They warn Kyle not to take the shot and endanger them all until they have backup. One of the SEALs encourages Kyle to take the shot if he believes he can do it. Kyle takes the shot, killing Mustafa, but the insurgents hear the gunshot and swarm the roof. The four SEALs try to conserve their ammo and take out the terrorists one by one that are rushing in on them. The backup is on its way but hasn't yet arrived so the men are on their own. Kyle tearfully calls Taya and tells her that he's ready to come home. The men shoot their way off the roof as the backup finally arrives as does the sandstorm. The men try to run into the vehicle but they have little to no visibility, struggling to see the truck, shoot the insurgents and protect each other. Three of the SEALs run into the truck bed but Kyle falls behind when he's shot. They slow down for him and he barely makes it back into the truck. Kyle returns home. He is still not connected to his home life. At a family barbecue, Taya catches him watching the TV intently as if it were on, when it is actually off. She tries to get him to join the party, and they watch the children play. A dog grabs the collar of a boy and is tugging at it. Kyle suddenly rips off his belt and grabs the dog as if he might beat or strangle it until Taya cries out in horror. Kyle goes to a doctor who tells him that according to his military records, Kyle has been credited with 160 kills, more than anyone else in US history. The doctor asks if he has any regrets about killing those people, and Kyle's response is that he doesn't regret that, he only regrets not saving more American troops. The doctor tells him that there are American troops who could use his help at home. He takes Kyle to a support group of disabled veterans, many of whom have lost limbs. The men share their stories, and Kyle decides to take some of the men out to a shooting range and teach them to shoot sniper rifles. After hitting a target, one of the men remarks that it's the first time he's felt like a man since he was injured in battle. Kyle has finally regained himself, playing with his children and connecting with his wife. He teaches his young son to hunt, telling him that it's serious business to end a heartbeat. He continues his work with veterans. Taya tells him how proud she is of him, for finding himself and finding his way back to his family. He tells her that a Marine's mom reached out to him, asking if he would help her son out who's been struggling since his return. Kyle opens the door and an uneasy young man waits for him by his truck while Taya watches. The door closes, and the final credits reveal that the troubled young Marine killed Chris Kyle i.e. 'Chris Kyle was killed that day by a veteran he was trying to help'.
tt1469304
Action,Comedy,Crime
The film starts with Lieutenant Mitch Buchannon (Dwayne Johnson) arriving at work to perform his duties as a lifeguard on the beaches of Emerald Bay, Florida. He sees a man parasailing on the water, but the man hits his head on a rock, forcing Mitch to spring into action. He dives into the ocean and swims to the man's rescue. Following this, Mitch goes for his morning run around the Bay. He passes through Sergeant Ellerbee (Yahya Abdul-Mateen II), a local policeman and beach patrol officer with whom he frequently messes with regarding their status as enforcers of the law around that area. While continuing his run, Mitch spots a small boy picking up a pouch of the drug Flaca on the beach. Mitch takes it from the boy and observes it. Mitch's fellow lifeguards are Stephanie Holden (Ilfenesh Hadera), who Mitch considers the best after himself, and CJ Parker (Kelly Rohrbach), who is the object of affection for aspiring lifeguard Ronnie Greenbaum (Jon Bass). Ronnie is flying a toy craft on the beach with his colleague Dave (Hannibal Buress) when CJ runs up (in slow-motion, of course) to wish Ronnie good luck on the upcoming qualifiers, but Ronnie can barely put a sentence together around her. Arriving on the bay is Matt Brody (Zac Efron) on his motorcycle. He tries to introduce himself to one of the prospective lifeguards, Summer Quinn (Alexandra Daddario), but she ignores him. Brody then meets Mitch and Stephanie, explaining his new position on the team and his status as a two-time Olympic gold medal winner, but neither of them care. Mitch tells Brody he has to earn his job, and Brody tells him off. Meanwhile, Victoria Leeds (Priyanka Chopra), the new owner of the beach's Huntley Club, is meeting with Councilman Rodriguez (Oscar Nunez) over a real estate deal. In exchange for his services, Leeds gives him a new watch that her men wear. Ronnie is on the beach with Dave eating baby carrots when he sees CJ again. He starts to choke, leading CJ to perform the Heimlich on him. Ronnie spits out the carrot but he also has an erection. Before CJ can see it, Ronnie jumps onto a wooden lawn chair and gets his whole groin stuck between the boards. Things get worse when Mitch comes over to help, as observes Ronnie's got both his "beef and biscuits" stuck in there. Other beachgoers show up and start filming him. When Mitch opts to pull it out like a tooth, Ronnie tries running but instead falls face-first, breaking the chair and getting unstuck. Mitch rounds up all the new hopeful lifeguards to begin their test in the obstacle course. Brody sits it out as he feels he doesn't have to do it. Summer gives it her all and passes through the course, though Ronnie struggles at first due to being heavier than the others. Still, he refuses to give up and keeps going, which Mitch takes notice of. By the end of the day, Mitch announces Summer, Ronnie, and Brody as his new trainees. Mitch puts Brody through his own specialized course, which involves ridiculous tasks such as lifting large truck tires and hauling refrigerators like weights. Nearby on the pier, two young children fall into the water and their mother jumps in after them. Mitch, Steph, and CJ head in to rescue them while Brody follows and tries to be a hero. He goes to rescue the mother but she keeps smacking him. Mitch and CJ rescue the kids and Steph rides them to safety. Brody just ends up looking foolish. Mitch goes to Captain Thorpe (Rob Huebel) to complain about Brody. Thorpe tells Mitch that Brody is a well-known skilled swimmer, but he lost it all when he puked in the pool during a race after a night of hard partying. His position on the team is part of a community service deal, as well as a ploy to make sure the Bay doesn't lose its funding, so Mitch has to work with Brody whether he likes it or not. At night, Summer and CJ find Brody sleeping under the pier. CJ takes him to find a place to crash, making him think she is taking him to Steph's home, but he is really going to be staying with Mitch. Mitch lets him stay and makes him sleep on a couch next to a fish tank with a mini-figure of Mitch "watching" him. Brody begins training under Mitch across the beach. He nearly steps on a poisonous sea urchin until Mitch points it out. On the water, Rodriguez tells Leeds that he made arrangements with his people for the real estate deal, but because he did not deliver on time, Leeds has her two thugs Frankie (Amin Joseph) and Leon (Jack Kesy) come around to intimidate Rodriguez. He tries to call Leeds's bluff by saying he knows about her pushing drugs. She leaves her men to deal with Rodriguez. As the guys continue their training, Leeds drives up and has Mitch introduce her. She invites the whole team to an open house that night at the Huntley. Not long after she leaves, Steph answers a call about a yacht burning up on the beach. The whole team, including the trainees, rush out there to find the burning boat. Mitch hops on the boat and rescues three women but also finds an unconscious man. Brody dives under the water to try and help, but he gets caught under the fire. Steph uses her jet ski to splash water around the fire while Summer pulls Brody out. When they get back to the shore, they find that the man they pulled out is dead, and it's Rodriguez. Ellerbee shows up, and Mitch tries to talk about what they've investigated, but Ellerbee tells him to stay out of what is a police matter. We see that Dave is working for Leeds as her tech guy. He attempts to blackmail her so that he doesn't say anything about Rodriguez's murder. She has something else in mind. The team sits down to have lunch and discuss the fact that a dead body has turned up, in addition to finding more Flaca on the women they rescued (they were high off the stuff). They decide to attend the open house to get any more information on Leeds that they can get. That evening, the team goes "undercover" at the open house party. They assign Brody to be lookout to have eyes on Leeds. He does manage to get Leeds alone but he doesn't get any information because he's more focused on getting drunk. Ronnie distracts Leeds while the others go to work by doing a crazy dance that gets CJ's attention. Mitch then goes to confront Brody over his failure at his task. Brody curses Mitch out and tells him he's just a lifeguard. Mitch humiliates Brody further by scaring him into falling into a pool, where he pukes again and everyone sees. Brody plays it off by telling everyone do shots, but he passes out. Meanwhile, Frankie and Leon take Dave's dead body on a boat out to the sea and slather him with meat chunks as they dump him in there to be shark food. The next morning, Mitch tells Brody that he is great at what he does when he's on his own, but when it comes to working as part of a team, he fails to do so because he is selfish and only cares about himself. Brody begs for a second chance and tells Mitch and Summer that he noticed Rodriguez wearing the watch that Leeds's goons wear. The trio head to the morgue to continue their investigation by disguising themselves as hospital staff. In the morgue, they find Rodriguez's corpse and autopsy files. They see that there was no smoke in his lungs, which means he died before the boat caught fire. Mitch orders Brody to look under Rodriguez's scrotum for anything, but it's just an opportunity by Mitch to further humiliate Brody by getting pics of Brody looking at a dead guy's taint. Summer sees Frankie and Leon approaching. The three hide in the drawers, but Brody ends up hiding on top of a dead old lady. To make things worse, he has fat from a corpse dripping on his face. The goons then open up Rodriguez's drawer and swap out an autopsy file to make it look like he did die from the fire. Brody then freaks out when the fat drips into his mouth, so he jumps out and gets hand sanitizer on his mouth. They are further exposed when Summer's phone rings. Leon grabs the phone and runs out with Frankie. Leon tosses Summer's phone to Frankie. Mitch goes after Frankie while Brody and Summer try to catch Leon. Mitch chases Frankie on a jet ski and finds him trying to break into a family's home. The two fight in a little girl's bedroom after Frankie breaks the phone until Mitch puts a diaper bin on Frankie's head and knocks him out the window into the pool. Mitch, Brody, and Summer all meet with Sergeant Ellerbee as he angrily tells them to stop getting involved in the case. Captain Thorpe also shows up as the three try explaining that they did have evidence against Leeds's men, but all the evidence has been destroyed. Thorpe threatens to fire Mitch if he continues his investigation. Frankie gets away with everything after complaining to the police over Mitch's actions. Mitch observes the Huntley getting their fish from another company, which he thinks is how they are smuggling Flaca onto the beach. He and Brody go undercover and sneak into the Huntley's kitchen where they find Leeds's men handling drugs. Mitch calls Ellerbee to report, but Ellerbee is tied up with having found Dave's body being partially torn up by sharks. Ellerbee also has Thorpe listen to Mitch calling. Thorpe calls Mitch into his office to fire him. He appoints Brody to be the new lieutenant, but Mitch tells Thorpe that the position should go to Stephanie since she knows the beach just as well as he does. Thorpe doesn't care for Mitch's opinion and dismisses him. Although Brody tries to decline the offer, Thorpe threatens him with a bad record for his community service. The others aren't happy with Brody taking the position, despite his attempts to defend himself. Brody starts to handle things on the beach despite not having everyone's support. He catches a punk on the beach stealing people's stuff with a cooler that pulls things in. He tackles the thief and scares him away. When he opens the cooler, Brody finds a bag of Flaca. He then asks Steph and CJ to help give back everyone's things. Brody goes to Ellerbee's office to give him a chocolate smoothie but also to use the cooler to take a file off his desk without him knowing. Mitch takes a new job at a phone store and cuts off connection with the rest of his team. When he looks ready to give up, he is approached by his old mentor...the original Mitch (David Hasselhoff). He inspires Mitch to keep up his work and to not give up on himself or his people. Brody approaches Summer with the file, showing Dave's corpse. Ronnie sees the pics and recognizes Dave. He tells the others that Dave mentioned working with Leeds. Ronnie later shows Brody how he can hack into Leeds's servers, leading them to discover Leeds's ultimate plan - she wants to privatize the beach so that she can eliminate competition and spread drugs around undetected. The guys tell the ladies about this plan and they come together to stop Leeds. The team infiltrates Leeds's yacht during a party. Steph, CJ, and Ronnie find Murray Chen (Clem Cheung), a real estate guy that Leeds kidnapped as part of her scheme. Meanwhile, Brody swims under the boat and finds that Leeds has been smuggling drugs in the hull. Brody resurfaces to tell Summer to get in touch with Brody. When he gets back on the boat, he gets knocked out by Frankie. The goons take Brody on another boat and lock him in a cage. Before she can kill Brody, she tells him that she bribed Thorpe to set Mitch up so he would get fired and get him off her back. She pushes the cage into the water, which Ronnie and CJ see. Just as Brody appears to accept his fate, he is pulled out of the cage. He sees Summer reviving him, but it's really Mitch, to Brody's disgust. Leeds is preparing to get away on a helicopter. Mitch tells Ronnie to work the fireworks display to throw the helicopter pilot's sight off. Ronnie panics at first but gets confidence after CJ kisses him. As the fireworks go off, Mitch and Brody fight Frankie and Leon again. Frankie gets knocked into the water while Leeds shoots Leon dead for his incompetence. The guys go after her but she shoots Mitch in the shoulder and he falls into the water. He gets back up as Leeds holds Brody at gunpoint. Meanwhile, Ronnie and CJ find a big red button. Ronnie flips the switch, and Mitch notices the lights near him activating. Brody hits Leeds's gun, making her run out of bullets as Mitch grabs a Roman candle, says a one-liner, and waits for Ronnie to hit the button to launch the firework at Leeds, obliterating her. Mitch then reveals he got up by using a sea urchin to boost his adrenaline, but he is in need of medical attention. Back on the shore, Mitch gets treated, and Ellerbee shows up to apologize to Mitch for doubting his claims. Thorpe shows up to try and berate Mitch, but Brody punches him in the face, and Ellerbee arrests Thorpe and Frankie. Later on, Ronnie and CJ hook up, and Brody and Summer appear to start a relationship as well. They join Mitch and Stephanie as Mitch officially instates the trainees as lifeguards on the Bay. He then introduces them to their new captain, Casey Jean (Pamela Anderson), who enters in slow-mo. The film ends with the team doing their own slow-mo run on the beach, only for Brody to tumble hard on the sand. A series of bloopers and outtakes play during the closing credits, ending with both Mitches sitting on the beach as Hasselhoff-Mitch asks Rock-Mitch if he can be in the sequel.
tt1881002
Drama,Horror
We hear the voice of Maggie Vogel (Abigail Breslin) calling her father. She's trapped in the city as a curfew is in effect. She urges him not to go looking for her, and she tells him she loves him. Most of the global population has been plagued by the Necroambulist virus that turns people into flesh-eating zombies. Farmers have burnt down their fields and crops to prevent further contamination. Maggie's father Wade (Arnold Schwarzenegger) goes out searching for his daughter. Maggie is taken by armed officials and placed in an area at the hospital with other infected people. She has a bite wound on her arm, and the infection is going to gradually spread throughout her body. Wade is allowed to take Maggie home to settle her affairs until the virus progresses to the point where she must be quarantined. On the trip back, they stop at a store for Maggie to get sunglasses. Wade encounters a zombie and breaks its neck. Wade brings Maggie home to his wife/Maggie's stepmother Caroline (Joely Richardson) and her siblings Bobby and Molly (Aiden and Carsen Flowers). The children are sent to stay with their aunt until Maggie's issue is dealt with. She talks to Bobby, who more or less knows what's going to happen to her. Wade burns his field down. Maggie stays in her room, trying to contact her friends and attempting to ignore her situation. One afternoon, she cuts her finger and starts oozing black fluid. Fearing the worst, Maggie cuts off the finger and throws it in the garbage disposal. She retreats outside where she and Wade find a man named Nathan and his daughter Julia, both completely transformed from the infection. Wade kills Nathan with a hatchet, and Maggie runs away to Caroline before she sees what Wade does to Julia. Wade feels extreme remorse for what he had to do, though nobody blames him, but they do remind him of what he'll have to do with Maggie when the time comes. Wade visits the wife/mother of the zombies, Bonnie (Rachel Whitman Groves), who regrets not leaving her husband and daughter locked up, but also did not trust having them quarantined, as the doctors treated Julia like a test subject and not a person. Wade sees a doctor who gives him three options on what to do with Maggie. One, he can take her to quarantine immediately, which he refuses to do. Two, he can give her a cocktail that they would give her in quarantine, so that at least she would do it with her father by her side and not with a bunch of strangers. The doctor states that it would be extremely painful for her up until the end. The third option is to "make it quick". Wade decides to make the most of his last days with Maggie. They bond together, making fun of Caroline's cooking and talking about Maggie's biological mother. Maggie's friend Allie (Raeden Greer) visits her and invites her to hang out with friends. They gather around a bonfire, along with a boy named Trent (Bryce Romero), who is also infected. He says he would blow his brains out if he needed to. Maggie spends some alone time with Trent, culminating in a kiss between the two of them. At the end of the night, Allie brings Maggie home, and Allie cries alone in her car. Maggie's eyes start to lose their color, and she starts to claim that she smells food when Caroline denies there being any sort of smell. She then goes to Trent's home to find his father holding a gun at Trent's bedroom door. The boy knows it's time for him to get quarantined, but he refuses to come out. Maggie tries talking him down as the authorities enter the house and forcibly take Trent away from his father. Maggie's condition starts to get worse. She goes into the woods and encounters a small fox. She later runs back into her home with her face caked in blood. Maggie mentions the fox to her parents. Wade goes into the woods and finds the fox in pain, and he shoots it. Caroline urges Wade to call the authorities in to take Maggie away. A couple of officers do show up later, but Wade fights one of them. Maggie comes in and assures them that she is fine so that they won't take her away. Wade takes Maggie to a garden that belonged to her mother where she planted white daisies. It is the last thing that Wade can show her to make her feel some sort of peace. He tells her that she is not going anywhere. Maggie is almost completely zombified. Wade sits in the living room with his shotgun, not quite ready to use it. Maggie walks downstairs, her skin all grey and her eyes blackened. She sees her father sleeping, holding the gun. She goes over to him and kisses his forehead one last time. She then goes to the roof of the house and thinks about her mother. Maggie jumps off the roof, and the last thing she appears to see is her as a child frolicking through the flowers with her mother.
tt2402927
Drama,Romance
The movie begins with various shots of New York in the early 1950's. A man named Jack enters a nice restaurant and spots his friend Therese (Rooney Mara) who is seated across from a pretty blonde woman (Cate Blanchett), who is introduced as Carol. Upon Jack's entrance, Carol excuses herself from the table, saying she has an event to attend to. She says her goodbye to Therese, squeezing her shoulder. Jack suggests Therese and he share a ride to their mutual friend's party. Therese agrees, sedately. In the cab, Therese sees Carol walking down the sidewalk and flashes back to a day months earlier, when Therese is working at a department store, wearing a red Santa hat, transfixed on something in the distance. In the flashback, it is New York City of December 1952, Therese is picked up at home by her boyfriend, Richard. She rides tandem on his bicycle to the Frankenberg Department Store where they both work. As they head to the floor, every employee is handed a Santa hat and told it's a gift from their employer. In the break room, Richard mentions an upcoming boat trip that he wants to take with Therese. Therese is revealed to work behind the counter of the toy department. Her no-nonsense supervisor chastises her for not wearing her complimentary Santa hat, which Therese puts on, now matching the flashback we had seen a few minutes earlier. Among the rowdy customers admiring a train set, Therese is fixated on the calm and radiating Carol. But a woman approaches her, distorting the view to ask where the restroom is. After Therese directs her, Carol has disappeared, much to Therese's disappointment. But suddenly, Carol is in front of her, asking for help finding a Betsy Wetsy doll. Therese is familiar with the doll, which wets itself but says they have sold out. Carol is disappointed, saying it's the doll her daughter wanted. Therese references the other dolls they have for sale. Carol begins to smoke a cigarette and Therese has to tell her that she can't smoke indoors. Carol is defensive, stating that she is just stressed out from the shopping and Therese politely sympathizes, telling her she feels the same way working there. Carol tells Therese she is kind and asks what doll she would have liked as a young girl. Therese tells her she didn't play with dolls but would have loved the train set that Carol must have seen as she entered, as it snakes around the store. Carol decides to take Therese's suggestion and Therese writes up a sales ticket. Carol walks away but turns and tells Therese she likes her (Santa) hat. Therese then notices Carol has left her gloves on the counter. She notes Carols home address on the sales ticket. That evening after work, Therese is in a bar with some guy friends. One of them gives her back her camera, which he has fixed for her. A new acquaintance tells her he works at New York Times and if she comes by sometime, he can show her around the photojournalist department. Meanwhile, Carol returns to her massive home in New Jersey. She brushes her three-year-old daughter's hair while they look in the mirror and is loving towards the girl. A woman named Aunt Abby is mentioned, the godmother of Carol's daughter. The following evening, Carol attends a dinner party where she dances with her husband, Harge (Kyle Chandler) who tells her every time they go out, she's always the most beautiful girl in the room. But Carol is uncomfortable and doesn't want to be there. A friend finds her in the corner and invites Carol to her home for Christmas. At home, the gloves arrive, postmarked from Therese at the department store. The next day at the store, Therese checks with the human resources department to check the status of the train set being sent to Carol's home, saying she had promised it would arrive by Christmas Eve. She gets a confirmation that it has arrived on time. When Therese goes upstairs, her supervisor calls her over, frightening Therese. But it is a phone call from a customer - Carol, who thanks Therese for sending the gloves. To show her appreciation, Carol offers to take Therese out to dinner. Therese has to ask her supervisor for a pad and pen to write down the address, which irritates the supervisor even further. Carol is now driving in a convertible with Aunt Abby (Sarah Paulson), who inquires about the shop girl that Carol is meeting up with. Although she claims she is merely thanking someone who returned her gloves, Abby teases Carol, suspecting she is interested in her romantically. This is the first time we hear that the wife and mother is openly interested in women. Therese and Carol meet at the restaurant. Carol confidently orders creamed spinach as well as a dry martini with an olive. Overwhelmed, Therese simply orders the same thing. When the waiter asks if she means the entrée or the drink, Therese tells him "All of it". As they both light up and smoke cigarettes while waiting for their food to arrive, Carol asks Therese if she is living with someone. She tells her 'no', but her friend Richard wants to live with her. Carol seems disappointed so Therese interjects, "It's not like that. He's just in love with me." Carol tells Therese that she and her husband are divorcing. She suggests that Therese stop by her house in the country. Carol admires Therese, telling her she seems to have just sprung out of (outer) space. Therese now meets with her new friend at the New York Times building after hours. She is intrigued by the photo lab. He asks her what kind of photography she does and she tells him she takes shots of a lot of trees and buildings. He tells her she should photograph people but she has always been shy about taking pictures of people because it feels intrusive. He tries to kiss her but she stops him and walks out. Richard joins Therese as she waits for Carol to pick her up for their Sunday at Carol's house (the date is December 21, 1952). He asks if she is distant from him because he's had sex with two other girls in the past but says he only did it because they loved each other. She says it doesn't bother her because the two of them have never had sex. Carol arrives and Richard says "Bye, I love you"... to which Therese doesn't respond. Carol and Therese drive through a long tunnel and seem giddy to be in each others company. Their first stop is a Christmas tree lot. As it begins to snow, Therese takes a photo of Carol while she is selecting a tree. Carol catches her in the act and Therese apologizes, telling her she has been encouraged to start photographing human subjects. Carol isn't upset though; she just says she'd prefer to be photographed when she is more done up. At her home, Carol and her daughter decorate the tree. Therese isolates herself at the piano and plays a tune. Carol comes over and asks Therese about her photography. She asks if Therese is talented, which Therese doesn't know. Carol tells her it's something she would have been told by others. Carol suggests visiting Therese's apartment to see her work. The two are having a great time but then Carol's husband, Harge, comes home to pick up their daughter. Carol objects defiantly, reminding him their daughter was supposed to spend Christmas Eve with her and then Christmas Day with his relatives in Florida. But he says they have a long drive and his parents demanded they leave early. Harge then spots Therese. She tells him they met at Frankenberg's and she invited her over to thank her for returning her gloves. Harge doesn't believe this and they step outside to argue. Inside, Therese can hear them yelling, with Harge accusing Carol of being in love with the shop girl in their home, lamenting that he thought she had recovered from her period of immorality. Inside, Therese turns up the stereo loud to drown out the discussion. When Carol returns inside, she is cold to Therese and tells her there is an 8:00 PM train back to New York and she should be taken to the station immediately to make it in time. Therese takes the train home, rejected and sad. When she gets to her place, the public phone in the hallway is ringing. She answers it and her neighbor comes out and tells her its too late for phone calls. Therese points out that coming home to a ringing phone isn't her fault. On the line, Carol apologizes for the abrupt exit and asks to come over to Therese's place to see her photographs. She also suggests they spend Christmas together as she'll be all alone. She is planning on taking a trip out west. Therese agrees. The next day, Harge returns with their daughter. She has been crying that she wants her mother to join them for Christmas so he is now adamant that Carol come along. He tries to get her to rethink the divorce but she refuses to join him, adamantly wanting to stay home. He asks her where else she is going to go at Christmas given she has no friends. She tells him she has lots of places she can go with Ed or Abby. At the mention of Abby's name, he accuses her of cheating on him with her. Carol explains Aunt Abby is their daughter's godmother and that their relationship was over long before it was over with him. Harge gets violent and upset that he didn't get his way. He reluctantly drives off without her, threatening Carol that she will be sorry. She realizes that if he can't have her, he will make sure no one else can. Carol shows up at Therese's apartment stating she needs a drink and hopes that her refrigerator contains more than just film canisters. Carol looks at the pictures on Therese's wall including the recent one of her at the Christmas tree lot. Therese is humble, saying she would do a better job in better circumstances. But Carol is impressed with her work, telling her the pictures are perfect as they are. Another day or two later, Richard and Therese walk through the city and he asks why she's been so distant. She explains that they don't have chemistry and that when two people connect, it is undeniable. She explains that who you fall in love with is out of your control it could even be two men and asks if he's ever been in love with a boy. He scoffs at the notion and says of course not. He then inquires if she's in love with a girl. She denies this. Carol meets with her lawyer who suggests she sits down. She laughs at this, wondering why people always think sitting down will help lessen the blow of bad news. Her lawyer tells her that Harge has suggested Carol has broken a morality clause and therefore he will get sole custody of their daughter. She knows this refers to her homosexual relationships. Carol goes outside to smoke and notices an expensive camera in a window display. Meanwhile, Therese goes to a record shop and is very specific in finding a certain album. As she purchases it, two lesbians ogle her from afar. She ignores them. At home, Therese is packing up while Richard lambasts her for quitting her job and leaving for a long period of time. She tells him her last month for the rent is paid because she had extra money in her savings he points out she has that surplus because she was putting it aside for their boat trip. He chastises her for having a schoolgirl crush on this older woman and that she'll regret leaving him when she sees him with another girl. She ignores this and tells him she's having her mail forwarded to Chicago so he doesn't need to check it. Carol and Therese set out on their cross-country trip. They stop at a motel. While Carol takes a shower, Therese looks through her suitcase, smelling her sweater. She stops short when she sees a gun hidden among her clothes. When they get back in the car, Therese asks Carol if she believes she's in danger. Carol replies in the negative. Back in New Jersey, Harge arrives at Abby's door, asking for Carol and saying he will drop the charges if she stays with him. Abby tells him Carol isn't there and he shouldn't be so presumptuous. Harge doesn't believe this because Carol has no other friends and then realizes Carol must be with the shop girl. Carol and Therese stop by a restaurant, vacant because everyone is at home for the holidays. Therese gives her present to Carol - the album she purchased, which includes the song Therese played at the piano in Carol's home. Carol then gives Therese a present - the expensive camera. The two drive on and check into another motel in a small Ohio town. In their hotel, the woman at the desk tells them they can upgrade to the presidential suite at an attractive price. Carol tells the woman two standard rooms are fine but Therese interjects, pointing out its an attractive price. Inside, Carol puts makeup on Therese. They plan to open a bottle of champagne but Therese goes outside to get some ice. In the parking lot, Therese finds the ice bucket. A goofy man approaches and offers to help her, mentioning how the cold weather tends to fog up his glasses. She is polite to him but obviously finds him weird. Inside the motel room, Therese takes photos as she lovingly watches Carol sleep. The next morning, Therese is seated at a table at a nearby diner with her morning coffee. The dorky man from the night before joins her where he introduces himself as Tommy Tucker. She tells him the coffee is horrible but he says "As long as it's hot...". Carol then joins them with a map, telling Therese she thinks the coffee is lousy. Tommy tries to ignite a conversation but Carol just responds by smiling at him, silently. When Therese mentions they are headed to Chicago, he tells them he is, too, and suggests taking a shortcut through the interstate to save two hours. Therese thanks him for the tip. Carol responds with an indifferent smile. Later that day, Carol and Therese arrive in Chicago. Therese checks her mail at the nearby post office she has had her letters forwarded to. Carol sneaks into a phone booth and calls her home to hear her daughter's voice but she hangs up without speaking when Harge answers. Carol reunites with Therese who asks if she had made a phone call, coming from the direction of the phone booths. Carol denies this, stating she just went to the restroom. The next day, Carol and Therese check out of the hotel and continue to drive. A little later, they arrive in Waterloo, Iowa, a quaint little town. Carol is giddy to be spending New Years Eve in Waterloo because she's always been the wife of Harge and her identity was always tied to him even her friends were all his acquaintances introduced through him. They spend New Years Eve together in a small motel room and listen to the radio broadcast of the celebration in Times Square back in New York. Carol remarks how she and Harge never spent the New Year together, due to his many business functions. Therese says she is also usually alone, but she's not alone this year. Carol and Therese kiss for the first time. They quietly disrobe and get into bed together, where Carol admires Therese's nude body, saying she never looked as beautiful as her. They finally consummate their strong feelings for each other and make love for the first time. After they are finished having sex, Carol holds Therese and says softly, "My angel. Flung out of space." The next morning, the two of them go to check out of the hotel. Carol receives a telegram while Therese loads the car with their suitcases. Carol comes outside, panicking, demanding her suitcase. She grabs the gun and runs back to the room they've just vacated. The goofy man, Tucker, is inside, without his glasses; he reveals himself to be a private detective and he has bugged their room as well as other rooms they stayed at for the past few days, recording their conversation and their sexual encounter. Carol points the gun at him, but he tells her he has already sent the recordings to his employer and there's nothing they can do. She asks how she knows he isn't lying and he replies that she doesn't. She fires the pistol at the tape recorder but no bullets come out (the gun is not loaded). Therese enters and discovers what has happened. She tells the private detective, "How dare you!" He responds, "It's not personal. I'm just doing my job." On their way to the next motel, a distraught Therese admits she feels selfish and wishes she had just said 'no' to Carol before things got complicated; she feels that she doesn't know what she wants in life anymore because all she can do is say yes to everything. Carol tenderly reassures her that none of it was her fault, and that she wanted the relationship just as much. In their motel room, Carol is somber, knowing Harge is going to use this against her at the divorce hearing. As they get ready for bed, Carol invites Therese to sleep with her. Therese joins her, and they lovingly kiss and embrace one another and proceed to make love again. When Therese wakes up the following morning, Carol is gone and Abby is there with a look of disapproval in her face. At breakfast at a local diner, Therese does not eat any food and just sits and smokes. Abby confirms that Carol is gone that she phoned her and asked to drive Therese back to New York while Carol took the first flight back from a nearby airport. Therese asks Abby why she hates her but Abby responds that she doesn't, pointing out that she just traveled across the country to bring her back to New York in Carol's car. She explains that she's not jealous of Therese because she's known Carol since they were age 10 and they had their sexual tryst as teenagers but now their relationship is strictly platonic. Abby gives Therese a letter that Carol has written to her. Therese reads it and we hear Carol in voice-over saying that one day, she will come for Therese, running towards her with open arms but for now, she has to focus on her daughter and because of this, they must not contact each other until that day comes. Back in New York City, Therese returns to her apartment and develops the photos she's taken of Carol during their road trip. She somberly remembers the woman she has now become estranged from. A few weeks later, while walking on the street, Therese runs into her friend from the New York Times. He helps paint her new place and asks if she has been somber around him because he tried to kiss her months earlier. This amuses her. He tells her there is an opening in the photojournalist department and he can recommend her for the job. Meanwhile, Carol is living with Harge again. Her daughter returns from boarding school and she is ecstatic to see her. Carol and Harge have dinner with his parents. They comment that they were told she is seeing a great doctor. She tells them she is seeing a psychotherapist, not a great doctor. Nonetheless, the family awkwardly comments that they heard the treatment was going well and that she is said to have been "cured". Carol is dismissive towards this. Carol meets with Abby and tells her she can't stand being with Harge. She only stayed with him to see their daughter but she is never at home. Abby mentions that she's heard Therese is doing well at her new job at New York Times. Being a woman, Therese's position at the newspaper is a secretary to the male journalists, which isn't as enthralling as she'd hoped. Carol calls Therese at home but does not speak when Therese answers. When Therese asks if it is Carol on the line, Carol struggles in how to respond but forces herself to hang up the phone by pressing down the hook switch. Carol has now hired a lawyer and is going through divorce proceedings with her husband. Harge's lawyer says if she is difficult, he will expose her a lesbian and Harge will get full custody of their daughter. Caro'ls lawyer counters by saying they've prepared a statement that Harge was so harsh to her, it is what drew her to behave amorally in the first place. Against his urging, Carol speaks candidly towards Harge. She doesn't understand why the divorce has to be so nasty. Instead of apologizing for her homosexual behavior, she admits that her feelings towards women are part of her and she doesn't know exactly how they're sourced but it doesn't negate the time she was married to her husband. Carol says she doesn't want money, that he can have full custody of their daughter she just wants visitations, even if they are supervised, and that this is not much to ask for. She advises Harge to accept it for if he refuses she will take him to court and the proceedings could get ugly, and she further states they they are not ugly people. Some months later, on April 17, 1953, at the New York Times building, Therese is told she had a letter hand delivered to her. It is from Carol, requesting that Therese meet her at 6:30 PM tonight at a restaurant at the Ritz Tower Hotel. Therese throws the letter in the garbage and continues her work. But that night, Carol shows up at the restaurant and there is Therese, waiting. The two have a conversation where Carol dotes on Therese, telling her she looks divine. She then tells Therese that she no longer lives in her house in the countryside but instead has an apartment in the city. Carol also states that she has a job as a buyer in a fabric and carpet store and still sees her daughter once or twice every month. Carol suggests that Therese move in with her but Therese refuses, still recovering from the heartbreak months earlier. Carol understands, but is clearly saddened by this. Carol tells Therese that she is meeting with some buyers at the Oak Room later that evening at 9:00 PM and invites Therese to join her, but Therese again refuses. After a moment, she says to Therese, "I love you." Jack, the friend from before, spots Therese and interrupts the two (this is the framing device from the beginning of the movie, as we now know the scene in context). As earlier, Jack suggests Therese and him share a ride to their friends party and Carol excuses herself, saying she is meeting friends at a restaurant and should head out anyway. As before, Carol squeezes Therese's shoulder as she exits but now we see this from a different angle instead of Jack's point of view. As before, Therese shares a taxicab with Jack as they go to their friends party, looking out the window, reminiscing about Carol. At the party, Richard is there, dancing with another girl. He shoots Therese a dirty look, hoping she is regretful for deserting him. A lesbian and friend named Genevieve Cantrell (Carrie Brownstein) seems entranced by Therese and follows her into the kitchen, trying to start up small talk. But Therese is mentally distracted and non-receptive. Some time later, with most of the party guests drunk or disoriented, Therese leaves the party and makes her way to the restaurant. The host tells her she cannot enter without a reservation but she says her friend might be inside and she steps inside without permission. Therese looks around the busy restaurant and finally spots Carol, at a table in the back, laughing among two dapper men seated with her. The frame is now from Therese's point of view as she walks towards Carol. When we catch Carol's eye, her face lights up knowing Therese has made a conscious decision to join her. Carol smiles.
tt3152624
Comedy,Drama,Romance
In the opening scene, Gordon (Colin Quinn) tells his two daughters, Amy and Kim, that he and their mother are divorcing because monogamy isn't realistic. In the present day, the adult Amy (Amy Schumer) is hooking up with a random guy. She asks him to go down on her, which he does - and after which Amy immediately pretends to fall asleep. We see a montage of her life - getting drunk, getting stoned, partying, and with lots of guys - even though she's sort of already dating Steven (John Cena). She wakes up one morning in Staten Island and has to take the ferry back to New York in full "walk of shame" mode. Amy gets back to her life - she works at S'nuff, a snarky men's magazine. After telling her co-worker Nikki (Vanessa Bayer) about last night, she goes into a work meeting where her boss Dianna (Tilda Swinton) asks for pitches for new articles. One of her co-workers pitches an article about a sports doctor, Aaron Conners (Bill Hader). Amy makes fun of the idea, saying sports are stupid, and she thinks anyone who cares about them is a lesser person. Dianna thinks that Amy's take on the article will be the most interesting and assigns the article to her, despite the fact that she doesn't even want it. Amy goes to her father's house to help her sister Kim (Brie Larson) pack the place up. Apparently, Gordon has multiple sclerosis and has just been moved into an assisted living home. Kim is married to Tom (Mike Birbiglia) and has a stepson, the dorky Allister, who annoys Amy like crazy (she's not good with kids). Kim resents their dad because he slept around, was a drunk, and wasn't a good father... plus he cheated on their mom for no clear reason. She thinks they can't afford the nice assisted living place they've put him in, but Amy wants to make it work. Amy later visits Gordon in the home, and he's upset when she tells him Kim threw away a lot of his Mets memorabilia. He's a total curmudgeon. Amy goes to meet Aaron to set up their interview schedules and meets his best friend, LeBron James. LeBron is insistent on watching Downton Abbey and also getting his parking validated. That night, Amy goes on a date with Steven. He's upset that she's drunk, and their loud conversation gets him into a fight with the other moviegoers. Amy goes outside to smoke a joint, and when she comes back, Steven asks her who all the guys on her phone are. They go outside where Amy admits she sleeps with other guys. Steven is hurt, since he thought they were exclusive. He wants to have a family with her and make her his "CrossFit queen". All Amy can say is that she's too stoned and asks if she can leave. Steven tells her she's not a nice person and leaves, crushed. The next morning, Amy gets brunch with Kim, and after Kim doesn't have a mimosa, she realizes she's pregnant. They go to Gordon to tell him, and he's thrilled to have finally a grandchild - which makes Kim angry, since she says Allister is his grandchild. Gordon says Allister isn't really his grandchild, and after he and Amy make fun of the kid together, Kim leaves, furious. She says Amy always takes Gordon's side. Amy is interviewing Aaron at his sports facility. She's testing out a treadmill body-imaging suit, running when she gets a text from Kim saying she wants to move Gordon to a cheaper facility. Amy asks to slow down the treadmill and starts to have a full panic attack. Aaron coaches her breathing and calms her down, and suggests they get food. They bond over dinner - he compliments her writing, she learns about his family. And after some drinks they get in a cab to leave. Aaron tells the driver two stops, but Amy corrects him: one stop. Aaron's eyes widen. They go to his place and sleep together, and Amy breaks her rule by staying the night. The next day, Amy tells Nikki about what happened, and Aaron calls to ask if they can see each other again. Amy panics and tells him they'll talk about it at the interview. She and Nikki decide she has to end it. Meanwhile, LeBron is excited for Aaron; he hasn't dated anyone in six years. Amy goes to watch Aaron perform surgery (she pukes while watching) to Uptown Girl, his favorite song, and afterwards tries to politely break things off, but he won't let her. He thinks they like each other and should date (she's dumbfounded) and then Amy gets a phone call that her dad had a fall. Aaron drives her to the home where Aaron stitches up her dad's cut and impresses him with his sports knowledge. Aaron and Amy begin dating and fall for each other. Both of them are nervous. Amy is worried she's going to screw it up, but Kim tells her she's just finally doing what everyone else does. LeBron coaches Aaron over basketball. He wipes the floor with Aaron until Aaron scores a lucky shot. Amy goes with Aaron to a charity slam dunk contest LeBron is hosting. There are guys doing crazy trampoline dunks, and the Knick City Dancers perform. Amy makes fun of them for being like strippers. LeBron confronts Amy and asks her what her intentions are with Aaron. Confused, she assures him they're fine. Later, Amy goes to see Gordon, and hedisapproves of her relationship with Aaron. She's upset, wondering why he can't support her, and he says he knows she's just like him. She can't have a stable relationship. Amy leaves angry, not talking to her dad for a while. Aaron goes with Amy to Kim's baby shower. Tom makes a comment to Aaron about how Amy sleeps around that unnerves him. Meanwhile, Amy can't stand the ridiculous hoighty-toighty women at the shower and deliberately grosses them out with tales of her sexcapades. A couple days later, Kim calls her - Amy starts to apologize for the shower when Kim tells her Gordon has died. He was hoarding his meds. At the funeral, Amy gives a speech (she knows Gordon offended everyone). She says: "raise your hand if my dad ever offended you", but then says she loved him more than anything; "raise your hand if he was also one of your favorite people". After the funeral, she and Kim get into a big fight, Amy says Kim didn't even like Gordon anyway. Aaron tells her he loves her, but Amy can't believe he would pick today of all days to say that. Meanwhile, at work, Dianna tells Amy they're cutting the Aaron story because it was boring. Aaron is receiving a prestigious award at a Luncheon and brings Amy. She drinks too much and leaves to take a phone call from Dianna during his speech. He finds her smoking pot outside and is upset. They continue arguing at her apartment, and Aaron thinks they shouldn't go to bed angry - so Amy lets him have it, keeping him awake all night ranting and raving even though the next day is Aaron's big surgery on Amar'e Stoudemire. Aaron shows up completely out of it, and Amar'e panics and cancels the surgery. Aaron goes home and tells Amy that they need to take a break. Hurt, Amy reacts by telling him that they can just break up because the article was canceled anyway. He tells her "you win", and leaves. Amy returns to her "trainwreck" ways and goes out drinking at a bar with her co-workers, including the intern Donald (Ezra Miller). He invites her back to his place, and their bizarre sexual encounter is interrupted when his mom enters, screaming "he's 16!" After nearly committing statutory rape, Dianna fires Amy, but does tell her she was wrong about the article and thinks it's quite good. Aaron is moping all day in his apartment until LeBron calls telling him he's been hurt. Aaron rushes over to find an intervention for him consisting of LeBron, Matthew Broderick, Chris Evert, and Marv Albert. They tell him he's always been afraid of opening up and needs to make things right with Amy, but Aaron insists Amy and he are over. Amy goes to Kim to mend fences after their fight. After she tells Kim everything that's happened, Kim tells her maybe it's time to change. Amy clears out all the booze from her apartment and goes and pitches her Aaron story at Vanity Fair, who end up publishing it. She sends the article to Aaron and he smiles. He successfully performs the surgery on Amar'e and attends Amar'e's first game post-op. After the game, Aaron is called to the court - where the Knicks City dancers perform with Amy front and center. She hilariously knows about 80 percent of the moves and can't quite do them exactly the same as the dancers. Included in the songs is "Uptown Girl". For the grand finale, the slam dunk guys come back, and Amy races and jumps off the trampoline to make a dunk... and immediately face plants. Aaron rushes over to see if she's okay, and she tells him she was trying to show him that she can work hard and try, and she wants to make it work. She finally tells him she loves him, and they kiss, which is shown all over the jumbotron.
tt0420293
Biography,Drama,History
The Stanford prison experiment was ostensibly a psychological study of human responses to captivity and its behavioral effects on both authorities and inmates in prison. It was conducted in 1971 by a team of researchers led by Philip Zimbardo of Stanford University. Undergraduate volunteers played the roles of both guards and prisoners living in a mock prison in the basement of the Stanford psychology building. Within one day things got out of hand, and the "guards" used unmonitored brute force on many of the inmates. The experiment was cancelled after 6 days instead of the planned 14.
tt4302938
Animation,Action,Adventure
A woman, wearing a pack on her back with a beetle insignia on it, rides a small boat on stormy seas as the voiceover of a young boy warns the viewer not to blink or forget anything they're about to hear and see. A large wave rises in front of her but she strums her shamisen, magically splitting the wave in two, allowing her to pass. Ahead, she spots land but, before she can reach it, a rogue wave crashes down on her from behind, capsizing the boat. The woman hits her head on a submerged rock and washes ashore. She is woken by a cry coming from her pack and she comforts the baby within; her son, Kubo, who only has one eye. Ten years later, Kubo (Art Parkinson) and his mother, Sariatu (Charlize Theron), live in a cave up on the cliffs where they washed ashore. Kubo cares for his mother who has been reduced to a semi-vegetative state with only moments of lucidity thanks to the injury she suffered. He wears a patch over his missing left eye and a robe made of the cloth he was wrapped in as a baby, which belonged to his father. During the day Kubo visits the local village with his mother's shamisen and some origami figures he makes himself. Having inherited Sariatu's magical abilities, Kubo tells fantastic stories about the samurai warrior, Hanzo, using the origami figures that he brings to life, much to the delight of the villagers. Using three magic pieces of armor: the Sword Unbreakable, the Breastplate Impenetrable, and the Helmet Invulnerable, Hanzo sets forth to battle his great nemesis, the Moon King but, before Kubo can finish the story, the bell rings in the village heralding the coming night and Kubo rushes home. That evening, Sariatu tells a story about Hanzo, Kubo's father, and how he died protecting Kubo from the Moon King, his grandfather. Sariatu tells Kubo that his father was just like him, besides being a great warrior, and warns him to never stay out after dark and to keep his protective charm, Mr. Monkey, with him at all times. Should he forget any of this, then Sariatu's Sisters and the Moon King will find him and take him away. Later that night, Kubo finds his mother dreaming and talking in her sleep, causing his origami paper to fly about the room. Kubo wakes her and she asks him what happened to his eye. The next day the village is abuzz with excitement. It is the day of the Bon Festival when people can light lanterns to commune with their deceased loved ones. Kubo is encouraged to light a lantern of his own by his elderly friend, Kameyo (Brenda Vaccaro), so that he can speak to his father. One man, Hosato (George Takei) shows his daughter how to honor the spirit of her grandmother. When Kubo receives no response from Hanzo, he becomes upset and crumples his paper lantern in anger. By now, Kubo has lost track of time and the sun sets. An eerie, dark mist surrounds the area and Sariatu's twin sisters (Rooney Mara) suddenly appear, beckoning Kubo to go with them. Kubo runs to the village but the Sisters pursue him, destroying everything in sight. Sariatu runs in to save her son and uses her magic to give Kubo wings. As he flies away, Kubo grasps one strand of his mother's hair before watching her confront her sisters and disappearing in a powerful blast of energy. Kubo wakes up in a frozen wasteland to see a macaque monkey standing over him, explaining that his mother is gone and they need to move or be found by the Sisters. Monkey (also Charlize Theron) leads Kubo to a whale carcass where they shelter for the night and feast on whale stew. Monkey explains that she was Kubo's charm, brought to life by the last of Sariatu's magic, and that they must search for Hanzo's magical armor; the only thing that can protect Kubo against the Moon King. When Kubo shows Monkey his mother's hair, she weaves it into a bracelet for him, telling him that it is a memory; the most powerful kind of magic. In the morning, Kubo and Monkey discover that, in his sleep, Kubo brought to life an origami figurine of Hanzo which silently points out a path for them. Along the way Kubo uses his origami and shamisen to pester the ever-serious Monkey who warns him to control his magic. Shortly after, Kubo is abducted by a giant beetle who, as it turns out, merely wanted to see the origami Hanzo. Beetle (Matthew McConaughey) explains that he suffers from amnesia but is convinced he was once a great warrior and apprentice of Hanzo, cursed to live as a beetle. After learning that Kubo is the son of Hanzo, Beetle begs to be included in their quest, vowing to protect Kubo to his last breath. Monkey reluctantly agrees after seeing Beetle's skill with a bow and origami Hanzo quickly points out their next destination. They are led to the entrance of the Hall of Bones where the trio discovers the location of the Sword Unbreakable. However, it's guarded by a monstrous skeleton that is only defeated once Kubo manages to pull the sword, one out of many, from the guardian's head. Origami Hanzo then leads them to the edge of Long Lake where Monkey and Beetle argue over Kubo's safety and magical abilities. Kubo takes this opportunity to prove his worth and creates a massive ship out of leaves so they can cross the lake. As they sail, Beetle shows Kubo how to use a bow and arrow to fish and Monkey uses the Sword Unbreakable to cut up their catch. Kubo is pleased to share a meal sitting between his friends, having never done so before, but then origami Hanzo points out the location of the Breastplate Impenetrable; below the water's surface. Beetle volunteers to retrieve it but Kubo warns him of a creature his mother spoke of that lives in the lake. Using eyes that stare deep into you, the creature shows you images to entice you to stay submerged forever. Beetle dives in but, after a while and as a storm comes upon them, Kubo goes after him, thinking something is wrong. Monkey is prevented from following by one of Sariatu's sisters and the two do battle. Meanwhile, Kubo finds the armor but is entranced by the Garden of Eyes. Appearing to have forgotten about the armor, Beetle surfaces and is sent by Monkey back to find Kubo who is nearly swallowed by the underwater creature. The Sister mocks Monkey and calls Sariatu weak and a traitor for having fallen in love with Hanzo. Monkey is wounded but manages to defeat the Sister, claiming that falling in love "made me stronger". Beetle returns with Kubo who realizes, thanks to images he saw from the Garden of Eyes, that Monkey is actually his mother reincarnate. They sail across Long Lake and shelter in a cave where Sariatu tells her story. She lived in the heavens with her father, the Moon King, and her sisters and was tasked to kill Hanzo, for if he found the magical armor he would become too powerful and upset the natural balance. However, during battle with Hanzo, he tells her that she is his quest and Sariatu, in recognizing his compassion, found her own. They fell in love and had Kubo shortly after. But the Moon King, furious over her betrayal, stole Kubo's eye and killed Hanzo but not before Sariatu was able to escape, using her magic to keep herself and Kubo hidden. Sariatu explains that the Moon King wants Kubo's other eye so that he can then welcome his grandson to live with him in his kingdom, cold and hard and perfect. Kubo falls asleep and Sariatu confides to Beetle that she didn't tell Kubo her identity before because the magic keeping her alive is fading. Beetle promises to care for Kubo once she's gone. Meanwhile, Kubo has a vivid dream where he meets an elderly blind man playing a shamisen. The ghostly man tells Kubo to find the last piece of the armor, the Helmet Invulnerable, in the place where he might have lived; Hanzo's fortress. Kubo wakes, excited, and the trio head out to complete their journey. At the fortress, decaying after years of neglect, they find murals depicting the locations of the pieces of armor, but no helmet. In the courtyard they are confronted by the second Sister who reveals that Beetle is, in fact, Hanzo whose memories were stored away and manifested in the origami figure that was leading them. Hanzo dispatches the Sister but only has a brief moment to cherish the reunion with his family before he is fatally stabbed in the back. Before the Sister can deal a death blow to her, Sariatu tells Kubo to fly home. Kubo quickly grabs and strums his shamisen, breaking two of the three strings and setting off a large blast of energy that eliminates the Sister. When the dust settles Kubo sits silently, alone. Hanzo lies motionless and the monkey charm is broken at Kubo's feet. Kubo sheds a single tear for his parents but knows he can't stay. Origami Hanzo, despite being crushed by Sister, points weakly at a drawing of the Helmet. Kubo realizes the Helmet is in his old village, disguised as the bell that always tolled at sunrise and sunset. He picks up the Sword and the string from his father's bow, making a bracelet from it and putting it on his wrist beside his mother's hair. He strums his shamisen, breaking the last string. Wings form on his back and he flies back to his village. The villagers meekly greet him from the rubble but he warns them to leave because the Moon King is coming. He retrieves the Helmet, completing his armor and demands that his grandfather face him. The Moon King (Ralph Fiennes) appears, revealed to be the same old man from Kubo's dream. He offers Kubo the chance to give up his eye so that they can live together, immortal. Kubo refuses so the Moon King takes the form of a gigantic fish-like creature and attacks, knocking Kubo into the nearby forest. The Moon King confronts Kubo in the graveyard where the village ancestors are buried. As the hiding villagers look on, Kubo uses his mothe'rs hair, his fathe'rs bow string, and a hair from his own head to restring his shamisen while the Moon King mocks him. Kubo uses the shamisen and his magic to summon the spirits of the village ancestors, telling the Moon King that their memories and the memories he has of his parents are the most powerful kind of magic there is. The Moon King moves in to finish Kubo but is repelled by the spirits and a final wave of magic from Kubo strips him of his power. The Moon King is left alive but reduced to a mortal man, blind in one eye, and with no memories of his own. The villagers step forward and introduce Kubo as his grandson, each one of them offering the Moon King a memory of acts of kindness and how he's beloved by the people in the village. Kubo agrees to be his grandfather's storyteller. As the sun rises, Kubo lights two lanterns for his parents and wishes they were there with him, so he could end his story happily. The film ends with Kubo setting his lanterns adrift in the river, the spirits of his parents proudly standing by his side.
tt1134795
Action,Drama,Mystery
Two part Live action film based on the six volume Manga Akira. This first film, due for a 2009 release, will be based on the first three volumes of the Manga. Set in New-Manhattan a city rebuilt with Japanese money, the story focuses on two biker friends. Further plot is not known at this time.
tt1856101
Action,Drama,Mystery
The story opens in 2049, thirty years after the events of the first film. An on-screen text states that the Tyrell Corporation has collapsed decades before, in the wake of violent revolts involving their Nexus-6 through -8 Replicants, forcing the company into bankruptcy. After the world's ecosystems collapsed in the mid 2020s, famine swept the Earth, killing millions. With his invention of synthetic farming, a wealthy businessman named Niander Wallace (Jared Leto) ended food shortages and acquired Tyrell's remaining assets to form his own corporation. The Wallace Company has reinvigorated the Replicant industry by mass producing the Nexus-9 Replicants, a new generation of artificial humans with modified behavior to make them more obedient than the older models. These Replicants have implanted memories and open-ended lifespans, and are still used for slave labor on the off-world colonies (the Moon, Mars, and the moons of Jupiter, Saturn, etc.), but some are also used as Blade Runner units, hunting down and "retiring" the few remaining older model Replicants that are still at large. In the opening scene, Agent K (Ryan Gosling), one of these Nexus-9 Replicants, travels to a protein farm outside Los Angeles in his flying Spinner vehicle, where he has tracked down an older model Replicant called Sapper Morton (Dave Bautista), who was part of a group of Series 8 Replicants that had gone AWOL. After a brief but violent fight, Morton tells him that as a newer model, K cannot come close to knowing what it means to be human. He implies that K would never help humans kill his own kind if he had ever witnessed the kind of "miracle" that he has. K retires him and is ready to leave when he notices a flower placed beside a dead tree in the desolate landscape next to the farm. This prompts him to thoroughly scan the area, which reveals a chest buried under the ground. He requests his office to send a forensic team to unearth it. K returns to the LAPD office, where he undergoes a standard 'baseline test' for Replicants and passes it. He then goes home to his apartment in a seedy area of town. He spends his time at home with a holographic woman named Joi (Ana de Armas), a futuristic form of AI (Artificial Intelligence) and has apparently formed a deep bond with her, despite the fact that they cannot physically interact. For this reason, he has bought her a mobile hologram projector which allows him to free her program from its home-based console. He can now take Joi outside on the top of his apartment building in the pouring rain, and it also allows her program to touch objects. Joi is extremely happy, but K is called back to the station before they can experiment with Joi's new capabilities any further. Downtown, the Forensics team has discovered that the chest contains a human skeleton and a lock of hair. They belong to a female who most likely had complications during childbirth 30 years before. Superficial cuts in the bones suggest an emergency Cesarean section as the cause of death. Upon closer inspection, K locates a serial number engraved on one of the woman's bones, indicating that the skeleton wasn't from a human, but a Replicant female. The identification causes quite a stir since Replicants were previously unable to reproduce. K's superior, Lieutenant Joshi (Robin Wright), reminds him that if the public knew that the line between humans and Replicants is blurring, or disappearing altogether, it would tear apart what remains of civilization. She commands the team to destroy the evidence, and orders K to burn down the farm, track down the Replicant child, and retire it, despite the mixed feelings he may have about retiring something that was born - and has a soul. Before leaving, K takes some of the female Replicant's hair. K goes to the Wallace Company to inquire about the serial number and hair of the female replicant. It is housed in the old Tyrell pyramid, although now much more austerely lit. A clerk tells him that the number belongs to an older model Replicant; information may be hard to find, given the fact that an EMP (Electro Magnetic Pulse) event called the 'Blackout' in 2022 destroyed almost every digital file the company had before that date. All that remains is some raw hard-copy data. Fortunately, there appears to be something left. K is helped by a Replicant woman called Luv (Sylvia Hoeks), who gives him access to what appears to be an old memory file containing an audio recording. It belonged to an experimental Replicant named Rachael, who went missing 30 years before. She can be heard talking to a Blade Runner called Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford). K detects a very strong connection between the two. Luv thanks K for finally being able to close the case on Rachael. K does some research on Deckard, and finds his old colleague Gaff (Edward James Olmos) who is now living in a retirement home. Gaff tells him that Deckard and Rachel fell in love, and eloped. K asks if Gaff knew that Deckard would one day leave society; Gaff confirms, saying that there was something in Deckard's eyes that told him he was finished hunting Replicants. Luv reports what she has learned to Wallace, who is blind but can see with the help of small drones. He is just witnessing the activation of a new female Replicant. He seems sympathetic to his creation, yet he also carelessly slashes the woman's abdomen, apparently frustrated by the fact that she cannot bear children. He laments that humanity has only founded less than ten off-world colonies; in order to spread out, much more Replicants will be necessary. The only way he can meet the ever-growing demand for more Replicants is to engineer specimens who can procreate. Tyrell obviously learned how to do this, but his records were destroyed in the Blackout. The only way to learn Tyrell's secrets is to find Rachael's child. He commands Luv (who is emotionally shaken by his actions but remains obedient) to obtain Rachael's remains and follow K to locate the child. Meanwhile, K is walking through the city's entertainment district to buy dinner, where a mysteriously cloaked woman commands three Replicant prostitutes to find out what he knows. One of them, Mariette (Mackenzie Davis), tries to seduce him for sex, but noticing he carries a holographic projector, she figures that he is not into "real girls", and leaves. In the meantime, Luv has entered the police station to retrieve Rachael's remains, coldly killing the forensic agent who discovers her doing it. K returns to Sapper's farm and locates a baby sock and a picture of another woman holding the baby, implying that Sapper and several other Replicants have been protecting Rachael's secret for decades. He also finds a date carved into the bottom of the tree, 6-10-21, which visibly upsets him. He burns the farm and returns to LA. Reporting his findings to Joshi, she tells him about the disappearance of Rachael's remains, and asks him about his most precious childhood memory. Even though he knows that it must be an implanted one, K says that he clearly remembers being chased through an old factory as a kid by a group of older boys. They wanted to take away his wooden carving of a horse, so he hid it inside an old furnace. K remembers that the horse had a date on it, the exact same date carved into the rock, a fact that he doesn't share with Joshi. Joshi suggests he try the DNA bank to identify the child. Assuming that the date carved in the tree and the horse is meant to be a date of birth, K starts to dig into the DNA bank to find someone born on June 10, 2021. Again, only raw data remains, but he finds records of two children born that day, a boy and a girl. They have the same DNA... which is an impossibility (only identical twins have the same DNA, and they should be of the same gender), so K suspects that one has been copied from the other. The DNA data came from an orphanage outside the city. The girl later died from a genetic disease, so K theorizes that the boy may have been hidden by the Replicants in the orphanage, which is in the ruins of San Diego. He travels there in his Spinner but is shot down by a tribe of feral scavengers who live among the ruins of a massive old ship breaking yard. They try to attack him, but Luv, who is keeping an eye on him from above through remote camera surveillance, uses precision bombs to repel them. After repairing the damage to his spinner, K proceeds to the orphanage, an old abandoned section of a ship, where the caretaker (Lennie James) is clearly using the children as cheap laborers. He coerces the man into showing him the old administrative files, but finds that the sections he is looking for have been completely torn out. While exiting, he notices how familiar the surroundings feel to him. He walks deeper into the ship section, and is shocked to find the location and the furnace from his memory; the wooden horse is still hidden inside it. K returns to the LAPD station in an upset state for another baseline test, which does not go smoothly. Not knowing what to make of the revelation, he returns home. Joi is convinced that this means that his childhood memory is real, and K is Rachael's son, suggesting he was born instead of manufactured, and that he has a soul, as opposed to other Replicants who are thought to be 'soulless' and thus inferior to humans. She thinks he deserves a human name, and starts to call him 'Joe'. K is still not convinced that the memory is real, so Joi suggests that he should contact an expert on implanted memories. K arrives at the lab of Dr. Ana Stelline (Carla Juri), who designs memory implants for Wallace's Replicants. Dr. Stelline is happy to see someone, being kept inside a dome at all times since she suffers from a compromised immune system, and can't be exposed to other people. Her parents left Earth for one of the off-world colonies, but she wasn't allowed to come along because of her disease. Her youth was lonely, but this caused her imagination to flourish, making her one of the best creators of artificial memories. K asks how fake memories can be discerned from real ones. Dr. Stelline says that fake memories tend to be too detailed, since real memories are 'messy' as they tend to reflect an emotional rather than a photographic recollection; but a good fabricated memory always contains something personal of the maker. K asks her to take a look at his memory, and give her thoughts. A special device allows Dr. Stelline to see the memory in his head. Overcome by emotion, she says the memory is real; K leaves in a fit of anger. As he goes outside, he is apprehended by the police. K is confronted by an angered Joshi for failing his last baseline test, which may mean that he is going to be retired. K tells her that he is in his current state because he succeeded in his mission: he has killed Rachael's offspring, who was so well-hidden that even he didn't know who he was. Joshi agrees to suspend him, and gives him 48 hours to disappear. Going home, he finds Mariette in his room. Joi reassures him that this is her doing, because she needs Mariette for something. She synchronizes her holographic program with Mariette, so she is able to steer Mariette's body and make love to K. The next morning, K seems to feel awkward about the unexpected threesome. He is called to the station, and leaves without saying goodbye, but not before Mariette placed a tracking device in his coat. Joi tells Mariette to leave; Mariette scoffs that, having been inside Joi's consciousness, she noticed that not much was there (showing that Replicants are not above feelings of superiority either). K tells Joi that people will be coming for him. Joi insists on coming with him so that she cannot reveal what she knows; K is reluctant as transferring her to the mobile projector would put her at risk of being lost if the projector is damaged, but ultimately accepts. She instructs him to destroy the antenna in the projector so that she cannot be moved to another device and remove any chance of tracking it. Luv, who is monitoring the position of the projector, is no longer able to track K. In the meanwhile, Luv has arrived at the station, asking Joshi to cooperate and tell her where K is. Joshi refuses, even when Luv's initially friendly disposition changes drastically. She tortures Joshi for information, but to no avail, so Luv kills her and uses her computer to find locate K. K has taken the wooden horse to a specialist, Doc Badger (Barkhad Abdi), who finds traces of radioactive tritium in the wood. They deduce that there is only one area nearby that can account for the type of wood and such high radiation readings. K leaves the city, taking care not to be noticed, although Luv is unknowingly tracking him. K arrives in the abandoned ruins of Las Vegas, and enters a deserted hotel/casino. Judging by the booby traps, he figures he is in the right place. It doesn't take long for Deckard to show himself, keeping K at gunpoint in the supposition that K is there to kill him. They fight for a while before Deckard becomes convinced that K is only there for answers. He confirms that Rachael was pregnant, but has never seen the child, nor does he know its whereabouts. Deckard was still actively hunted, so out of love for her and the child, he left a still-pregnant Rachael in the care of people who could protect her, hoping that his ignorance was the best way to keep everyone safe. He taught the other Replicants how to tamper with birth records and how to avoid capture. After a while, Deckard notices that someone has entered the area. Convinced that K has been followed, they proceed to Deckard's Spinner to flee, but a rocket grenade destroys the Spinner and incapacitates both Deckard and K. Luv enters with a few henchmen, and although K dispatches some of them, Luv fights back and badly injures him. She notices K's mobile projector and destroys it, effectively killing Joi, to K's anguish. Leaving him for dead, she kidnaps Deckard and takes him back to Wallace. K's wounds are tended by a group of Replicants who have been tracking him as well. They include Mariette and are part of a Replicant freedom movement. Their leader, Freysa (Hiam Abbass), reveals how she was there when Rachael died in childbirth, and how her group of rebellious Replicants, including Sapper, went to great lengths to hide the baby, as they saw the child as a living miracle. If Replicants could have children, the human world could no longer deny them their rights and freedoms. She confirms that the Blackout was their deliberate attempt to erase as many digital files as possible, in order to protect the secret of how Rachel was able to have children, and to prevent everyone, including the child, from being found. K tells her that he is Rachel's child, but Freysa tells him that the child was a girl. K is confused, and asks how he could have a real memory of Rachael's offspring if he isn't her son. Freysa answers enigmatically that this is also part of the puzzle. The memory of the wooden horse was apparently implanted in all other Replicants, and became a unifying motivator for freedom. Thinking back on all he has discovered so far, K deduces that the memory must have originated with Dr. Ana Stelline herself (explaining her emotional response to it), and that she is Rachael and Deckard's lost daughter. The Replicants urge K to return to LA; Wallace will do anything to get clues from Deckard about the Replicant resistance movement. If he succeeds, he may be able to create Replicants with reproductive capabilities, thereby creating a self-perpetuating army of slaves. The resistance wants this prevented at all costs, even if it means killing Deckard. K finds himself back in LA, observing a giant three-dimensional ad for the Joi hologram with great sorrow, knowing that the Joi he loved is gone forever. At the Wallace Company, Deckard is brought to Wallace, who shows him Rachael's remains, calling it the lock and Deckard the key to unraveling the mystery of Replicant reproduction. Deckard maintains that he has no idea who or where his child is. Wallace insinuates that Deckard's first meeting with Rachael was set up from the beginning, and that it was always the intention that they would end up together and reproduce. He starts a playback of the first conversation between him and Rachael, which emotionally affects Deckard, who still refuses to cooperate. Wallace then tries to entice him with something that he really covets, in exchange for information on how to find Freysa. A woman walks in from the shadows, and she appears to be an exact copy of Rachael as she appeared to Deckard 30 years ago, down to the clothing and hairstyle she wore. Deckard is shocked and moved, but he ultimately dismisses this Rachael as a fake, stating that the real Rachael's eyes were green. Frustrated by his failure, Wallace immediately has Luv execute the fake Rachael. He orders Luv to take Deckard to one of the off-world colonies, where they have the means to make him talk. Luv takes off with a hand-cuffed Deckard in a Spinner with two escorting vehicles, and flies along the LA shoreline. K catches up, using his Spinner to destroy the escorts and blow Luv's vehicle from the sky, forcing it to crash on the beach. K lands next to it and after an exchange of gunshots, he gets into a fight with Luv. He receives severe wounds from Luv's relentless punches and knife, and Luv leaves him for dead. She re-enters the vehicle, trying to free Deckard from his cuffs as the Spinner is being dragged into the sea by tidal waves, but then K enters. He fights with Luv and pushes her down under water with all of his power, finally drowning the life out of her. He manages to release Deckard just before the vehicle sinks completely. Deckard says that he should have let him die; K states that he did: the world will believe that Deckard went down with the vehicle. He takes Deckard to Dr. Stelline's office, and tells him that all his best memories are hers. Deckard asks him why he did what he did; K simply urges him to enter the office. As Deckard goes in and meets his unsuspecting daughter who is enjoying a cloud of artificial snow, K lies down on the steps outside, slowly succumbing to his wounds. He looks at the real snow falling down, apparently at peace with the part he played.
tt1512222
Animation,Action,Horror
This story tells the tales of how the townspeople got to the old farmhouse.
tt3470600
Animation,Comedy,Family
Set in an animated world controlled by animals, the film starts with a young koala bear named Buster Moon (voice of Matthew McConaughey) going to see his very first musical production as a child. He is utterly enthralled by the show and quickly forms the dream to work in theater. As an adult, Buster has taken over the same theater where he saw that play. However, business hasn't been going so well, and the theater is in trouble. Buster's assistant Ms. Crawley (voice of Garth Jennings) informs him that angry stage crew workers are outside because their checks have bounced. Buster gets away on his bike as he rushes to the bank. As Buster rides through town, we meet some of the other main characters - Johnny the gorilla (voice of Taron Egerton) is singing to himself in an alley, but he ducks when he sees some cops. He speaks into a radio to tell a group of guys to stay put, but his father, gang leader Big Daddy (voice of Peter Serafinowicz), and his goons break out and grab Johnny as they have just robbed some valuables. Next we meet Rosita the pig (voice of Reese Witherspoon), an overworked mother of 25 piglets and wife to Norman (voice of Nick Offerman), who doesn't notice just how much work she does, or that she likes to sing. Then we see porcupines Ash (voice of Scarlett Johansson) and her boyfriend Lance (voice of Beck Bennett), a punk rock duo with Lance singing lead. He doesn't like it when Ash steps in to sing on her own. Somewhere else across town we meet Meena the elephant (voice of Tori Kelly), singing to her grandfather (voice of Jay Pharaoh) for his birthday. He loves her voice and encourages her to get out and show others what she's got. Finally we meet Mike the mouse (voice of Seth MacFarlane), a sax player who is also greedy and selfish. He calls out a guy who gives him only a coin and forces him to give up whatever else he's got in his pockets. Buster shows up at a restaurant to meet with his sheep friend Eddie (voice of John C. Reilly), whose family has invested a lot in Buster's theater, and they have not been happy with the results. Buster thinks he's come up with the answer to all his problems - he wants to hold a singing competition at his theater. Eddie isn't keen on the idea, and soon, he and Buster get kicked out of the restaurant when Buster takes out some sandwiches. Buster has Ms. Crawley make flyers for the competition. Since he doesn't have a lot of money to offer as a reward, he tells her to advertise a $1,000 reward, with a bunch of junk stuffed into a treasure chest to make it look like it holds prize money. Ms. Crawley's glass eye pops out and bounces on the keyboard, causing the ad to say the reward is $100,000. She prints out hundreds of flyers, but she stands next to the fan, causing it to blow every single flyer into town. Many animals find the flyers and think they have a shot at something big. The next day, Buster is surprised to see a whole line of animals going down the block outside the theater. Over a hundred animals, including Johnny, Rosita, Mike, and Ash all audition. Meena goes to audition, but she has a severe case of stage fright and she bails. When all is said and done, Buster selects Johnny, Mike, and Ash (without Lance) as the solo acts, while Rosita is paired up with another pig named Gunter (voice of Nick Kroll). Buster then learns that Ms. Crawley advertised a $100,000 reward, and he panics while trying to maintain the illusion that there is a lot of money in that chest. The animals start rehearsing for the show. Buster gives them a list of songs they can go with. Johnny learns he has to play the piano, and Ash is none too pleased to be given a list of cheesy pop songs since she is a teenage girl. Meena returns after having been pressured by her grandfather to re-audition. She brings Buster a cake and finds him as he is trying to connect an extension cord to a nearby building after the electric company shuts off the power. Since Meena is too nervous to ask for a second chance, Buster assumes she wants to be part of the stage crew. She accepts, and Meena returns home to find that her mother (voice of Leslie Jones) told all their friends that Meena got in the show. A bank rep named Judith goes by the theater to tell Buster to get his accounts sorted or else the bank will take the theater. Buster approaches Eddie and asks if he can get his grandmother, legendary performer Nana Noodleman (voice of Jennifer Saunders), to give the theater some funding. Eddie is nervous about talking to Nana, but Buster tags along to convince her to invest in the theater. Nana thinks Buster ruined the theater with the shows he's put on, but he never gives up with trying to change her mind. Outside of rehearsals, the other animals deal with issues of their own. Ash wants to write an original song, but Lance isn't supportive of her making her own music. Ash later finds Lance working with another girl porcupine named Becky, prompting Ash to kick Lance out of her apartment. Mike becomes so confident that he will win the reward that he takes out a loan so he can buy a fancy car to impress a lady mouse. They enter a nightclub where Mike plays against three big bears. One of the bears sees that Mike cheated, and he chases after the mouse, only to lose him as he escapes the club. During rehearsal, Johnny is supposed to be a getaway driver for Big Daddy and his gang as they are trying to steal some gold. Johnny tries to take his spare time to go to rehearsal, but when he needs to get back, he gets stuck in a traffic jam as a result of a car accident that he caused when rushing back to the theater. Big Daddy and his boys are arrested. Johnny later visits his dad in jail and admits that he was rehearsing for the show and that he would rather be a singer than to be in his dad's gang. Big Daddy is furious and he disowns Johnny. At night, Johnny sneaks into the theater and tries to steal the treasure chest, thinking he can use the supposed money in there to bail out his dad. However, he stops when he sees his own audition sheet and sees that Buster wrote him down as a natural-born singer. Ms. Crawley appears, and Johnny plays it off as though he just needed more piano lessons. She happily sits down to help him. Buster gets Meena to help him organize a set-up for a preview that he will put on for Nana. They get water from a water tower and use krill to come up with a lights display. Nana arrives and is impressed by the show so far, but the three bears find Mike in the theater and threaten to eat him unless he gives them their money. Mike tells the bears that the money is in the treasure chest. The main bear smashes the chest, revealing all of Buster's junk and no money. His ruse is exposed to the other animals, but things get worse when the water tank cracks, causing the whole theater to get flooded and eventually completely destroyed. The bank now owns what's left of the theater. Buster sinks into despair and hopelessness. The animal cast heads over to Eddie's home where Buster is staying to try and cheer him up, but he has given up and declares himself a failure. Buster and Ms. Crawley start a car wash business like his father used to do. Eddie steps in to help him out. A while later, Buster overhears Meena singing "Hallelujah" by herself where the theater used to be. Impressed and reinvigorated by her singing, Buster comes up with a new plan. Buster calls the animals so that the show may go on. Mike bails when he learns that it's no longer a competition and there won't be any prize money. They set up a stage in the middle of the theater ruins and get some of the animals' families to come by, except it's just Rosita and Meena's families that show up. The show begins with Rosita and Gunter performing "Shake It Off" with a dance in sparkly outfits. Rosita's kids are all excited, and Norman is so astonished that he runs up on the stage to kiss his wife. Next, with more people arriving, Johnny plays the piano and sings "I'm Still Standing". Big Daddy watches from prison and is amazed by his son's singing. He immediately breaks out to go see Johnny, leading to a citywide manhunt for Big Daddy. Ash gets on to play her original song, but Judith comes by to unplug the music and tell everyone to leave. Ash continues to play the song, "Set It All Free", which even Lance is watching from home. Ash gets so into it that she accidentally shoots out quills into the audience. Regardless, the audience, after reemerging from cover, goes wild for this new rock star and even Judith is moved to allow the show to proceed for now. Mike sees the show on TV and sets out to prove to viewers that he's better than the rest. He rushes to the theater and puts on a soulful rendition of "My Way", right as the police helicopters fly overhead, nearly pulling Mike into the sky. He manages to finish the song with a spectacular flourish as he swings on the microphone cord, but the bears see the show and head to the theater to get him. Meanwhile, Big Daddy has made it to the theater and sees Johnny. He hugs his son and apologizes for what he said to him, then praises his musical talent. Big Daddy then willingly goes back to prison. Meena is the last performer. She is very nervous until Buster convinces her to get out there. She starts a slow and shy version of "Don't You Worry About a Thing" before belting out her voice, which even leaves Mike with his jaw on the floor. Eventually, Meena concludes the song by literally bringing down the house when her energetic finish causes a partial collapse of the surrounding remaining structure. The bears show up and snatch Mike, nearly eating him until the lady mouse shows up to save Mike. Nana, having been in the audience the whole time, sees Buster and applauds with the rest of the audience. She finally gives Buster her funding so that they can re-purchase the theater and rebuild it into an even bigger and better theater. The film ends with Buster and all his new friends gathered for the theater's grand reopening.
tt1541155
Action,Sci-Fi,Thriller
Robots and smart devices have become pervasive in the near future. Cars are equipped with auto drive to allow collision avoidance, households are staffed with robotic servants, hospitals are using robo docs in surgery and the army is heavily invested in robotic weaponry. A researcher develops a self aware computer but realizes that it is too dangerous to allow it to operate for more than a few minutes. Within minutes of activation the computer realizes that it must conquer humankind in order to survive. Despite a failsafe system to disable this AI it escapes its mainframe and begins to take control of the entire robotic infrastructure and begins the domination of mankind.
tt1126590
Biography,Crime,Drama
The opening title card reads: BASED ON TRUE EVENTS. The opening shot is one of Margaret's paintings, then replicated over and over, in mass production. We read the quote: "I think what Keane has done is just terrific. It has to be good. If it were bad, so many people wouldn't like it, attributed to Andy Warhol." The movie is narrated by a newspaper editor named Dick Nolan (Danny Huston). Opening in the year 1958 in Northern California. Margaret Ulbrich (Amy Adams) packs up her things and takes her young daughter, Jane, away; she is leaving her husband behind, something which was very uncommon in those days. They drive up to North Beach, San Francisco where her best friend Dee-Ann (Krysten Ritter) lives and they move in with her. Dee-Ann tells Margaret about the art galleries in town. Having to support her daughter alone, Margaret applies for a job. She has no work experience but studied at an art institute so she is put to work painting illustrations at a furniture factory. On the side, she draws peoples' portraits at an outdoor art show but is widely ignored. There, Margaret catches the eye of Walter Keane (Christoph Waltz), flirting with women and selling his street scene paintings nearby for $35. He encourages Margaret to be more aggressive in her salesmanship, trying to convince a young girl to buy a portrait before realizing she is Margaret's daughter and the model for her work. Margaret and Walter go out to a restaurant; Walter says they wont have to pay because he has given them artwork, revealing he is good at making deals. He tells her about living in Paris and how he studied at an art school there; then compliments Margaret's work saying he wishes he could paint people instead of street scenes. Margaret paints Jane outside the Palace of Fine Arts. Jane points out that Walter's canvas is blank but he says he needs to be inspired before he can start. Walter asks Margaret why she draws eyes so big and she says eyes are the windows to the soul and tells him when she was little, she was deaf for a short period of time and she found herself looking at peoples eyes to read them. A man recognizes Walter and she learns that he is a realtor and not a painter. He tells her that he hates his job and all he ever wanted to do was be an artist. Walter and Margaret share an affectionate moment in her place, much to the annoyance of Jane. When she goes through the mail, Margaret discovers that her husband wants to get full custody of Jane, calling her an unfit mother as a single woman. Walter proposes to her, saying they can raise Jane together. They get married in Hawaii, a place Margaret ends up loving. She paints a portrait and now signs it KEANE. Back in California, Margaret tells Dee-Ann all about Hawaii. Dee-Ann, having promised never to hold back her feelings about Margaret's lovers after her last failed marriage, tells her that Walter has been with every woman on the art circuit. Margaret tells her she's not naïve and that Walter is a good provider. She gets her fortune cookie, which tells her success is about to come. Walter tries to sell his work to an art gallery, in the process interrupting the owner, Ruben (Jason Schwartzman) as he tries to make a sale. Ruben points out that Walter only lived in Paris for a week and wonders why he keeps creating Parisian street scenes. Walter shows him Margaret's Big Eyes paintings but Ruben scoffs at them, saying the eyes are like big stale jellybeans. He tells Walter to leave before the taste police arrives. Margaret and Walter to go an exclusive jazz club with Walter complaining that art's popularity is determined by a committee who meet for brunch and decide what's cool. Margaret argues that art is purchased when it speaks to people but Walter doesn't agree. Walter tries to convince the club's owner to purchase his paintings; when the owner refuses, Walter suggests that he can rent out the walls to exhibit his work. Walter tries to promote the artwork at the club but is stationed by the restrooms and nobody pays any attention to the paintings hanging nearby. A drunk woman is touched by one of Margaret's paintings. Walter is disappointed to hear she's not interested in his own work; nonetheless, Margaret's painting sells. Walter goes upstairs and fights with the club owner about setting him up down near the restrooms. Cameras photograph the fight, in which the owner is knocked over the head with one of Margaret's paintings. It ends up on the front page of the local newspaper. Margaret bails Walter out of jail. He tells her that he let a couple think he had painted the Big Eyes to make a sale. She tells him never to do that again. The next time Walter goes to the club, it is packed with people, looking to get a sense of what has made the news. The club owner is excited at all the new activity and stages a fight with Walter to generate more buzz. Dick Nolan, who has served as our narrator, introduces himself to William he has a celebrity gossip column and wants to know more about Walter's hobo kid paintings. Walter surprises a sleeping Margaret by showing her all the money they've made from sales. He tells her he needs more paintings and that they've become a great team she does what she loves (painting) while he does all the schmoozing at the club. Walter does just that, taking his job as salesman very seriously. Margaret surprises him at the club and overhears Walter trying to impress some women by claiming he painted the Big Eyes. They argue privately he tells her he is just trying to sell paintings and buyers pay more when they meet the artist. She points out she is only staying home because he demanded it. He tells her they should focus on making money and he wouldn't mind if someone else took credit for his Parisian landscapes. She is surprised he can give away credit for his work and has no emotional connection to them. The argument is interrupted when a rich Italian industrialist walks by and wants to know who the artist is. Margaret is torn on how to respond but Walter pipes up, claiming it is him and ends up making a $5,000 sale. Afterwards, Margaret says he is being dishonest but he tells her that they're both KEANE so now they are one and the same. Dick Nolan reports as Walter generates publicity by giving away paintings to the mayor, a Soviet diplomat, Joan Crawford. Walter decides to open up his own Keane Gallery but Margaret feels uneasy about the lie. When they are putting up a poster to promote the opening, Jane tells her mother she remembers when she posed for the painting on the advertisement. Margaret has to convince Jane that she is remembering incorrectly and Walter says he was mimicking Margaret's style when he made it. Margaret goes to confessional and admits she has lied to her daughter, at the urging of her husband, although she is not that kind of person. The priest asks if her husband is that kind of person. She defends him and says he just wants to make money so they can buy a house. The priest tells her as a Christian, she knows that men are the head of the household and she should trust his judgment. The Keane Gallery opens. Dee-Ann is there and she hints to Margaret that she is suspicious about Walter being attributed to the Big Eyes paintings. A man asks Margaret if she paints, too, and she doesn't know how to answer. Walter is asked about his techniques and is caught in a lie when he claims to have done a painting in oils when its actually acrylic. The guy asks Walter what inspires him to paint little girls and he has to make up a loquacious response. At home, Walter is watching Perry Mason. An art critic appears during the commercial break, chastising Keane's work because he's won no awards and is only known because he's publicized by Dick Nolan. Upstairs, Jane almost walks in on her mother painting in the off-limits art room but is sideswiped by Walter, who tells Jane to go get ice cream from a nearby truck. Margaret tells him she hates lying to her daughter but he points out Jane now has a trust fund. He asks her about her work and says he's going to go on television to defend it. She asks him what inspired his Parisian landscapes and if the streets were as lovely as he depicted; he says, no, it was after the war and then gets the angle for why he (allegedly) painted the Big Eyes portraits. On television, Walter claims seeing orphaned children in a war-torn Paris was what inspired his work. The women on the panel are touched. The Keane Gallery gets even more popular - people rip the promotional posters off of poles and ask them to be autographed. Walter gets annoyed that none of these people actually want to buy expensive paintings but realizes that they all want to take posters he starts selling the reproductions for 10 cents each and realizes they can make money off of reproductions. At the supermarket, Big Eyes replicas are on display. Margaret observes a book on Numerology and then is distracted when she starts seeing everyone with GIANT EYES. She goes home and paints a new portrait one with elongated features and small eyes. Walter is confused when he sees it. Margaret tells him she wants to sign it as herself, so that she can honestly tell people she is also a painter. He becomes paranoid and tells her that if she tells anybody, the empire collapses and they have to return all the money because they've committed fraud. She breaks down, saying that she's locked up in the room for 10 hours and that she just wants to have credit for the new paintings. Walter turns this into a new angle for publicity a family of painters, with Margaret's abilities minimized by including Jane in the story, showing off her childish work. Dick Nolan, interviewing for this story, tells Margaret people don't buy lady art but Margaret reminds him of Georgia O'Keeffe. When she talks about Modigliani and painting, Walter shuts her down, telling her to stick to the family angle. The interview is interrupted by Lily, a 10-year-old girl who is revealed to be Walters daughter. Margaret pulls him aside and is angry that he never told her about his daughter; Walter says hes supposed to have visitations once a month but he never enforced this. She asks how he can keep something big such a secret. He tells her he puts up with HER daughter and never complains. She tells him shes going to pretend he didn't say that. At the gallery, a man admires Margaret's work meaning her new style. He asks why she signs it MDH and she explains she loves the number 7, pointing out M is the 13th letter, D is the 4th, H is 8, 1+3+4+8=16, 1+6=7. Walter pulls her aside and chastises her for talking about numerology. Nearby, two snobby men lambast the artwork but admire Walter for turning it into a business, selling reproductions and postcards. Ruben stumbles upon a display of Keane artwork in a store window and says, Christ. Its a movement. Now Margaret and Walter live in a five-bedroom mansion 30 minutes away. Dee-Ann comes to visit, astonished at the size of the estate and mentioning that Margaret has been out of touch. Dee-Ann forces her way into Margaret's art studio, despite her pleas; Walter arrives home then, pretending that they share the space and the artwork on display was produced by him. There is awkwardness between Dee-Ann and Walter at dinner. Later, Walter kicks her out and tells her never to return again. Dee-Ann screams out "fuck you!" and drives off. Jane and Margaret are outside playing. She goes into her painting room and confesses to her dog that she is the one who painted the Big Eyes and nobody knows but him. She decides to paint a new painting of a woman with her dog; while going through a crate to find a blank canvas, she finds a stack of paintings with Parisian street scenes but they are all signed by S. CENIC. Margaret runs into the living room and scrapes off KEANES signature on one of the Parisian landscapes that is hanging there. It is revealed to be originally signed by S. CENIC. Walter later comes home, bragging about all the important people he got to hang out with. He says a dignitary from China is visiting the town and Margaret should paint a big-eyed/slanty-eyed little kid for her. Margaret suggests she give him one of his Parisian street scene paintings but says she might already have a Cenic. Walter is caught in a lie and tells her that Cenic was his nickname in Paris since the other students admired his SCENIC art pieces. She knows he is lying, pointing out that he paints over the name, and realizes that shes never seen him paint even though she thought she had. She asks if hes ever been to Paris. He admits that he always wanted to be an artist but never really had the talent. Later that night, Margaret refuses to let Walter sleep with her, telling him there are three extra bedrooms and he should pick one. Days later, Walter learns of the 1964's New York World's Fair. At dinner, he demands Margaret paint something to put on display. She refuses and he tells her he'll have her whacked if she doesn't adding that he knows people. She cries, taunting him to kill her after keeping their secret for so long and pointing out that she no longer has any friends. He is unsympathetic and tells her that there will be 70 million visitors to the World's Fair and they should reveal his masterpiece there. She tells him that you can't announce a masterpiece and that Michelangelo took four years to paint the Sistine Chapel. He tells her that UNICEF is sponsoring the Hall of Education and suggests she does a Cinerama-sized painting showing the children of the world. Margaret is upset because she says art can't be contrived; it has to be inspired - Walter doesn't understand this concept. Margaret slaves away in her painting room on the piece, angry at the overwhelming obligation. He asks her to provide some preliminary sketches of hers so it can be published in a coffee table book titled Tomorrow's Masters. That night, Jane is hungry for dinner and she uses a key to get into the painting room. There, she sees her mom working on the masterpiece for the World's Fair. Jane tells her she knows her mom is the real artist. John Canady (Terence Stamp), a senior art critic at the New York Times, castigates the World's Hall display (called Tomorrow Forever). A civic leader tells him that the work wasn't chosen but Mr. Keane contacted them directly and they decided to include him after a discussion at a luncheon. Meanwhile, Walter is throwing a large party filled with important people to celebrate his success the upcoming book, the World's Fair piece. Margaret mentions she wants a divorce. Walter is thrown for a loop when he is given John Canady's scathing review of the Tomorrow Forever exhibit in the New York Times. Since John is at the party, Walter screams at him. Canady tells him his work is kitsch and Walter tries to stab him with a fork. Back in California, Walter is still raging, now drunk. He says he will sue Canady, the World's Fair, UNICEF then screams at Margaret for betraying him with her painting. He starts throwing matches at Jane and Margaret. They run into the painting room and lock themselves in. Crazily, he watches them through the door's keyhole and then throws matches inside. Margaret stomps out the flames and then runs off with Jane. They drive away; Margaret tells Jane in the car that they're going to start a new life in Hawaii. Several years later, Margaret and Jane settle into a life in Honolulu. Walter calls Margaret on the phone, only knowing how to reach her recently because she has sent divorce papers to him. He reminds her about their enterprise and says he will not agree to a separation unless she signs over the rights to every painting she's ever produced. She agrees because divorce is more important to her. This surprises him so he takes it a step further and asks about future revenue stream. He tells her he wants 100 more Walter Keanes. She doesn't object. Margaret paints new work, shipping them in large crates from Hawaii to California. She is overprotective towards Jane, who tells her she needs to make some friends; she has been too paranoid letting anyone come over, for fear they should discover she is the one creating Walter's artwork. One day, two Jehovah's Witnesses come to the home and talk to Margaret about the Bible. After a long discussion, the women convince Margaret that honesty is important. The next time Walter receives some artwork, it is signed MDH Keane. On a Hawaiian radio show, Margaret admits that she is the actual painter of the work attributed to Walter Keane. This makes national news. Walter goes to Dick Nolan, claiming Margaret has gone nuts and uses the sketches in Tomorrow's Masters attributed to 1946 as proof that he was the author (although these were her own sketches made at a later date). Margaret is furious and the Jehovah's witnesses encourage her to fight for the truth; Jane suggests a lawsuit and Margaret complies, suing both Walter and the newspapers that printed his version of the story for libel and slander. Reporters swam the courthouse in Honolulu the art world is abuzz, wondering if Margaret really is the true painter or if she's just a bitter ex-wife. Margaret walks by the reporters without a word but Walter stops, pompously, telling them he hopes Margaret gets the psychiatric care she needs. The court quickly dismisses the libel lawsuit, citing that Margaret has been corroborating his story in nearly 700 articles over ten years. The newspaper editors expensive lawyers leave and Walter realizes he still has to defend himself against slander, without representation. He agrees to defend himself, explaining that hes always taken care of himself and doesn't need any rent-a-suits to defend his name. Newspapers latch onto this story, with Dick Nolan pointing out that Walter isn't fit to represent himself the only thing he knows about courtrooms is from watching Perry Mason on TV. At the trial, Walter tries giving a speech to the jury but is chastised by the judge for not asking Margaret questions. He asks why she would go along with the scheme and she said she was forced into it and he had her dominated. She felt she didn't have any other options and giving away her paintings made her feel like losing a child. Walter convinced her without his salesmanship and promotion skills, they would never make money and be able to support the family. She calls him a Jekyll and Hyde, reminding him of threatening to kill her if she ever told the truth. Walter questions himself, running back and forth in and out of the witness stand to do so. He brags about all the important people he's gotten to meet and all the places he's gotten to travel, nauseating the jury. The judge finally stops him, telling him this is a case of he said/she said and the best way to prove who painted the Big Eye paintings is for them each to paint. He gives them each an hour to replicate their work. Margaret works steadily but Walter is hesitant; he finally claims his arm hurts too much from an injury for him to hold a paintbrush. In the end, it is clear that Margaret was telling the truth. Outside, Margaret shows off the painting she did in court and tells a reporter she is calling it Exhibit 224. We learn that Margaret won the case on all points defamation, emotional distress, damaged reputation. She says she doesn't care about money; she just wants credit for her work and now she feels she has gotten her art back. A fan asks her to sign a copy of Tomorrow's Masters and she does, finally autographing her own work. A series of closing cards say that Walter continued to deny Margaret's claims to the very end until he died in 2000, bitter and penniless, never producing another painting. Margaret found happiness in Hawaii and eventually moved back to San Francisco and opened a new gallery. She still paints every day. The final shot shows a photo of the real Margaret Keane seated next to the actress Amy Adams who plays her in this film.
tt1124037
Action,Biography,Drama
October 1862, Jones County, Mississippi Confederate soldiers are marching into a fight as they prepare for the start of the Battle of Corinth in the northern part of the state. The men face off against the Union army, leading to a very bloody fight. On the Confederate side is medic Newton Knight (Matthew McConaughey). He carries the injured to safety and tends to the wounded, getting a very clear picture of the horrors of war. This has left Newton jaded to life on the battlefield. Newton learns that those who own 20 or more slaves are exempt from fighting and get to go home. It makes him more tired and annoyed to be fighting in someone else's war. At night, he is found by a local teenage farm boy named Daniel (Jacob Lofland), who tearfully tells Newton that his family's assets have been seized and he's been drafted to fight. Newton comforts the boy. The following day, Newton and Daniel are fighting together in battle. Daniel is shot, and Newton carries him far away, trying in vain to assure him he's not dying. Daniel passes, and Newton brings his body home to his mother so that he may be properly buried. Newton deserts from the Confederate army and goes home to his wife Serena (Keri Russell) on their farm. He expresses his sentiments to her. Upon his return, he learns of another family whose assets are seized by Confederate soldiers. Newton and Serena's infant son is ill, so he goes to the local road house to find a doctor. Instead, he is referred by Aunt Sally (Jill Jane Clements) to her family's slave, Rachel (Gugu Mbatha-Raw). She tends to the child and helps him feel better. The scene jumps to 85 years later to 1947, where Newton's great-great-great grandson Davis (Brian Lee Franklin) is on trial. He is a descendant of both Newton and Rachel, making him 1/8th black, and for this, he is prohibited from marrying his longtime girlfriend, who is white. Newton visits the farm family whose animals were taken. He gives the mother and her three young daughters rifles and teaches them how to shoot. A trio of cavalry officers arrive, with the head officer stating he is looking for deserters. Newton, the mother, and daughters all have their rifles pointed at him, along with several up in the barn that are hung up from the ceiling but made to look like there are others pointing at the officers. They leave but vow to return. The officers go by Newton's house and sic their dogs on him. Newton is chased by one and is caught as he tries hopping over a fence. He grabs his knife and stabs the dog to death. With Aunt Sally's help, Newton is guided to a swamp and is met by Rachel to a group of runaway slaves led by a man named Moses Washington (Mahershala Ali). Moses treats Newton's leg wound. Since Newton becomes a fugitive, Serena leaves her home with their child. This adds to Davis's case since it was known that Serena left and therefore could not have conceived another child with Newton. Newton and Moses bond among the other runaways, and Newton eventually comes to care for the rest of them as well. Newton helps to break off a metal bearing on Moses's neck. Together, with the other runaways, they arm themselves against the slave catchers who run by their hideout. Meanwhile, Rachel is secretly teaching herself to read as she observes the family's children being taught to read. Newton also develops a personal relationship with her and even teaches her how to shoot. July 4, 1863 Vicksburg falls to Union forces and more soldiers desert the Confederate army. The deserters find the swamp and unite with Newton and the runaways. Together, they form a militia against the Confederates, as well as a small community within the swamp, where they grow corn and build shelter. They corner a group of Confederates in the woods with guns after the soldiers find their corn supply and try to make off with it. Newton threatens the lieutenant but decides to let him go. Confederate captain Elias Hood (Thomas Francis Murphy) approaches Aunt Sally in her shop to persuade Newton to disband his group so that they will not carry out hangings among their people. When that doesn't work, the soldiers start burning barns and offering pardons to those in the militia that lay down their arms. Newton then rallies his people to fight back. Four of Newton's people, including two boys, are captured by the soldiers and are hung. At their burial, Newton stirs up the people's emotions to convince them now is the right time to fight back. The militia strikes back by having Moses and a couple other men in coffins spring up at the right moment and fire at the soldiers. A battle ensues, with many soldiers getting hit and killed. Newton follows Hood into the church and corners him under a bench. He shoots his gun at Hood, but never intentionally hitting him. Instead, he strangles him to death and drags his body outside. March 1864, Ellisville, Mississippi The militia takes the battle further toward the Confederates, having grown in size over the months. Eventually, the militia overpowers the army. They take down the Confederate flag and raise the American flag. The people celebrate their victory. Newton brings Rachel into a room where she can have her own bed. She is overwhelmed and starts crying. Colonel Lowry (Wayne Pere) is marching with his men along Ellisville to send a regiment against the militia. Newton gathers everyone and gives them a speech. He reads from a document that states the conditions of what is to be their Free State of Jones. June 1865 The militia holds out until the end of the war and continues to thrive. Freedmen are able to cultivate land for themselves. Moses is able to reunite with his wife and child. Three months later, however, the promise of "40 acres and a mule" is rescinded from the freedmen. Still, the people manage to expand their community, including setting up a school where Rachel is teaching people to read. Serena reappears and reunites with Newton and their son, who is now a young boy. She explains how her situation has fared since leaving him, and how her barns have been burned down. Newton invites them to stay with the community. Moses sets off when his son is taken by slave owners. Newton follows him to make sure he doesn't get killed. It is now a year after the emancipation, and slaves are still being worked on the fields. Moses takes his son but is cornered by two slavers with rifles. Newton intervenes and is later put on trial for his actions. He protests the charges against him. In response to these types of laws, Congress puts the South under martial law. Additional Union troops are sent down there, and former Confederates are stripped of their power. The freedmen are allowed to vote for the first time, and so Military Reconstruction begins to take place. A group of freedmen march together as a union in protest down on Ellisville. In turn, the Ku Klux Klan organizes and commits acts such as arson against a church. Rachel gives birth to her and Newton's child. Serena even helps her take care of the child. This is brought to the attention of Davis's case when trying to determine whether or not it was Rachel or Serena that he is descended from. The evidence is made clear with Newton's family Bible that contains written proof that Rachel gave birth. Moses goes around gathering information from freedmen and slaves. He is pursued by a group of angry white folks. Newton later finds all of Moses's papers spread across the ground, until he comes across Moses's body hung from a tree. The community deeply mourns this loss. Election Day arrives, with eyes on Newton and his people marching to vote. When he gets to the voting hall, Newton requests republican tickets. After the vote, it is stated that the democratic vote beats the republican by a huge number. Over the next year, Klan activity rises as Union troops are pulled out. Thousands of African-Americans are murdered leading up to the election of 1876. This makes Rachel worry for her and Newton's child. At the end of Davis's case, he is granted bail on the condition that he get his marriage annulled and that he move out of Mississippi. He refuses to do so, seeing his case as unlawful, and the judge sentences him to five years in prison. However, the Mississippi State Court overturns his conviction to avoid federal issues. The last bit of text states that since Newton and Rachel were unable to marry, he deeded her 160 acres of land, making her one of the few African-American women to own land. They would live on that farm for the rest of their lives.
tt1160419
Adventure,Drama,Sci-Fi
Dune is a science fiction novel written by Frank Herbert and published in 1965. A joint winner of the 1966 Hugo Award and the winner of the first Nebula Award for Best Novel, Dune is popularly considered one of the greatest science fiction novels of all time, is frequently cited as the best-selling science fiction novel in history and was the first bestselling hardcover science fiction novel ever. Dune is set far in the future amidst a sprawling feudal interstellar empire where planetary fiefdoms are controlled by noble Houses that owe allegiance to the Imperial House Corrino. The novel tells the story of young Paul Atreides (heir apparent to Duke Leto Atreides and scion of House Atreides) as he and his family relocate to the desert planet Arrakis, the only source of the spice melange, the most important and valuable substance in the universe. In a story that explores the complex and multilayered interactions of politics, religion, ecology, technology, and human emotion, the fate of Paul, his family, his new planet and its native inhabitants, as well as the Padishah Emperor, the powerful Spacing Guild, and the secretive female order of the Bene Gesserit, are all drawn together into a confrontation that will change the course of humanity. (Exert from Wikipedia.com) This will be the third attempt at a movie production in general fallowing the re-imagined and controversial, David Lynch (Twin Peaks, Blue Velvet, Mulholland Drive) adaption in 1984 and John Harrison's "Frank Herbert's Dune" which he both wrote and directed hitting the Scifi Channel in 2000. John Harrison (Supernova, Book of Blood) also released the Frank Herbert sequels, "Dune Messiah" and "Children of Dune" in 2003 under the latter title as a single mini-series related to the first. All adaptions are debatably considered failures by some and complete hits by others.
tt1179933
Drama,Horror,Mystery
In the opening scene, a woman named Michelle (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) is looking outside her window. She's on the phone with someone, arguing. Michelle then packs a bunch of her belongings and leaves her home. Michelle drives far from the city down to the rural area. Her fiance Ben (voice of Bradley Cooper) calls her. She answers but only lets him talk and say how sorry he is, and that she shouldn't leave him just like that. Michelle hangs up. Ben calls again, and Michelle takes her eyes off the road for a second when her car gets slammed by a truck, causing her to roll into a ditch. Michelle wakes up with a head wound in a small room with a needle in her arm that's hooked to a saline drip. To her horror, she sees her leg is chained to a pipe. She grabs her saline drip pole and pulls her phone toward her to call for help. Unfortunately, there is no signal. Someone comes downstairs to open the door to the room. It is a man named Howard (John Goodman). He claims to have rescued Michelle from the car accident and is keeping her alive. Howard offers Michelle a pair of wooden crutches to help her remain mobile with her leg injury sustained from the car crash, and tells her to "get good on those" before leaving the room. Michelle sets about carving the tip of one of the crutches to sharpen it into a weapon to attack Howard with. The next time Howard shows up, Michelle tries to stab him with the sharpened crutch unsuccessfully, but Howard quickly grabs and sedates her. When she comes to, Howard calmly explains to Michelle that there has been an attack on the surface, and that the air up there is unbreathable, so he brought Michelle down to the bunker beneath his farm. Howard brings Michelle up to the airlock to see what's going on outside. Nothing appears unusual, but Michelle spots Howard's truck with red paint on the side, and she recognizes it as the truck that hit her. From the bedroom, a clattering sound is heard from outside. Howard goes to yell at someone off-screen. Michelle leaves the room and finds a younger man named Emmett (John Gallagher, Jr.). His arm is broken, and Howard tells Michelle that Emmett knocked over a shelf with a week's worth of food. Emmett appears more friendly than Howard. He explains that he willingly joined Howard in building the bunker, Emmett claims to have seen the attack occur, describing a red flash and running to get inside, which he says explains his broken arm. Howard makes Michelle and Emmett join him for dinner like a family. Michelle engages in pleasant conversation with Emmett that appears sort of flirty, causing Howard to angrily respond. He warns the two of them not to behave like that. When he's not looking, Michelle grabs his keys. A rumble occurs overhead, distracting everyone but giving Michelle a chance to smash a beer bottle over Howard's head. She runs out toward the airlock and tries to get out. Michelle stands in the airlock between the outside and the inside as Howard begs her not to go outside. A car arrives and a middle-aged woman (Suzanne Cryer) approaches and pleads to be let inside, but her skin is clearly deformed from an infection. Howard urges Michelle not to let this woman in. The woman grows agitated and starts banging her head on the glass of the door. Now fearing that Howard may be right about some kind of "chemical weapons attack", Michelle begins to listen to him. He apologizes for his previous behavior and admits to hitting her car. He then tells Michelle to stitch up the wound on his head from the broken bottle. Over the next several days, the trio become friendlier with each other and start working together like a real family in the underground bunker. Howard lets Michelle borrow clothes belonging to his daughter Megan, whom he lost. He shows Michelle a picture of Megan. Michelle and Emmett also bond, with Emmett discussing how he had a chance to play sports for a university, but he skipped the chance to leave town because he was afraid. Michelle recounts a time when she saw a little girl being abused by her dad at a hardware store, and she felt bad for walking away and doing nothing, especially considering her own troublesome childhood. One day, the air filtration system goes down, and only Michelle is small enough to fit through the vents and go to the filtration room. She resets the unit but notices a ladder leading to outside, just beneath a window. On the window is "HELP" scratched out, with the L and P having traces of blood on it. On the floor, Michelle finds two bloody earrings that she recognizes from the picture of Megan. She shows the picture to Emmett, who says the girl in the picture is really a girl from his high school named Brittany, and she went missing a while back. The two realize that Howard is a threat, and they need to get out of there. Michelle and Emmett steal Howard's tools and start constructing a makeshift biohazard suit and gas mask. Howard discovers the stolen tools and brings out a vat of pyloric acid to dissolve them. Howard demands to know why they were trying to take his gun. Emmett speaks up and says he did it so that Michelle could respect him the way she respects Howard. Howard forgives Emmett and then shoots him in the head. Michelle finishes the suit and tries to make her escape. Howard catches her, but she pushes the vat of acid toward him, causing him to slip and fall face-first onto it. She climbs over and heads toward the exit. The acid eats through an electrical wire and starts a fire. Howard follows Michelle and she pushes a shelf on top of him. She climbs through the vents to head to the filtration room. Howard stabs through the vents with a knife. He grabs onto Michelle as she makes it to the end, but she slams his hand hard enough for it to rip off. The fire starts spreading through the bunker. Michelle puts the suit and gas mask on and prepares to head on outside. On the surface, the sun is shining, and everything is calm. She sees Howard's truck and goes over to it. She accidentally rips her homemade hazmat suit and freaks out, and quickly repairs it with the duct tape she brought. But then she hears and sees birds overhead, so takes off the mask and breathes in the fresh air. She stands on top of Howard's truck to view her surroundings and spots what she thinks is a helicopter in the distance. Suddenly the bunker explodes, attracting the attention of the craft. As it approaches, Michelle realizes it's really a massive alien hovercraft. It drops something to the ground, then veers off. Michelle jumps in the truck and frantically tries to find keys, but finds none. Then she remembers the car and runs toward it. She tries to get into the car, but that sets off the alarm, and the lights start flashing. The noises and lights attract an alien creature on the ground, so Michelle runs back to the wooden shed to hide. She peers out to see the alien creature lifting the car. It then starts attacking the shed. Michelle tries to find the keys to the car on the dead woman. Just as she finds the keys, the alien starts to poke its head through a flap door of the barn. Michelle points the key fob towards the car and turns off the alarm. The alien backs out of the barn. She then crawls out the flap door herself and starts to run to the nearby farmhouse, chased by the alien creature. Just as she nears the front of the house, the giant alien craft appears behind it and the ground creature runs away. The craft slowly rises and moves towards Michelle, spreading a toxic green gas. Michelle runs back to the truck and puts on the mask again. The alien spacecraft goes near her and picks the truck up, bringing it closer to its mouth. Michelle grabs a magazine, lighter, and whiskey bottle she finds in the truck to make a Molotov cocktail. She lights it and seizes the opportunity to throw it into the creature's mouth. It explodes and drops the truck, which falls crashing to the ground. Michelle, still alive, runs back to the car. With the keys, she gets in, starts it, and she drives down the road. She hits Howard's mailbox, which has the address "10 Cloverfield Lane" on it. Michelle turns on the radio and hears that "we have retaken the southern seaboard." The announcer says that anybody seeking refuge from the alien attacks may head to Baton Rouge, but anybody with combat or medical expertise is needed in Houston. Michelle reaches the sign that directs people straight to Baton Rouge or left to Houston. Michelle makes the choice to go left. As she drives there, a thunderclap shows a bigger alien hovercraft hiding in the clouds.
tt0437086
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
In 2563, planet Earth has survived a war known as "The Fall." There is a city floating above the earth in the sky, called Zalem, suspended by advanced engineering. Beneath this is a city called Iron City. There is a tube from Iron City's Factory connected to Zalem. In the junkyard, Dr. Dyson Ido discovers a core of female cyborg that has brain and core heart, but without body nor limbs. Together with a nurse assistant, Ido rebuilds the cyborg with a spare robotic body in his cyborg clinic. She wakes up with no recollection of any memories. Ido names her "Alita," as she didn't know her own name. He finds out that the new cyborg body integrates well with Alita's original brain as she can control her fingers. Her sensory taste is also proven working when she likes orange fruit when she tried it for the first time. It turns out, the name of Ido's deceased daughter was Alita was (referred to as real Alita on-wards). The robotic body was initially built for Ido's late daughter, real Alita because she was wheelchair bound. Real Alita never had a chance to use it as she was killed by a cyber-robber, who broke into Ido's clinic looking for drugs. Ido's partner was Chiren, who is also real Alita's mother. Ido and Chiren separated after the real Alita died. Chiren and Ido came from Zalem and was outcasted to come to Iron City. Chiren's goal after the death of her daughter is to go back to Zalem. Chiren worked for Vector, as he promises to send her back to Zalem. Vector is the boss who manages Iron City Motorball competition. He has the authority from Zalem scientist Nova to send people to Zalem. The winner of Motorball competition gets to be sent up to Zalem by Vector. Alita befriends a boy named Hugo, who dreams of moving to the sky city of Zalem as well. He also shows her that he wanted to be a Hunter-Warrior like Zapan, a bounty-hunter warrior, with a long sword as his trademark weapon. Hunter-Warrior collects money by killing criminals in Iron City. Hugo also introduces Alita to Motorball race in the neighborhood. Alita tries to participate, falls down and is made fun in the beginning. After a few times, her natural competitive streak shows up, and she is able to defeat everyone to score a Motorball goal. Alita discovers that Ido is a Hunter-Warrior when she follows him one night and they encounter three deadly cyborgs. When Ido is injured, Alita tried to protect him, and finds out that she is naturally skilled in an ancient martial art called "Panzer Kunst." While in combat, Alita has memory flashbacks of her earlier life on Mars. She used to be a warrior with code '99'. With her skill, she kills two of the cyborgs and severely damaging the third one, called Grewishka, who retreats underground. Grewishka promises to come back and hunt down Alita. Despite Alita's fighting skills, Ido discourages her from becoming a Hunter-Warrior. Once Vector and Chiren find out Alita's capability, they get an order from Nova to kill Alita. Nova promises Chiren that she can go back to Zalem if she succeeds the mission. It turns out, Grewishka works for Vector and Chiren. Vector orders Hugo and his friends to attack cyborgs and steal their body parts for fixing and upgrading Grewishka. Vector promises to send Hugo to Zalem once he gets enough credits doing his dirty work (important later). On the next day, Hugo and his friends brought Alita to a forest area outside the city. Here, they found an old abandoned spaceship from "the Fall" era. Alita went into the spacecraft through an underwater door and brought back a Berserker warrior cyborg body with her. Ido refuses to install her in the body, as he wants Alita to have a second chance in life without being a warrior. Alita is disappointed and rebels by registering herself as a Hunter-Warrior. Alita and Hugo go to the Kansas Bar to ask other Hunter-Warriors to help her take down Grewishka. They refuse to help as Grewishka is not in the wanted list, and there is no benefit / bounty in killing him. Zapan tries to intimidate and embarrass Alita, but Alita easily beat him in a fight and being humiliated in the process. Afterward, Alita challenges all the other Hunter-Warriors and creates a massive battle in the bar. Ido comes in time to stop the fight, as an upgraded Grewishka storms into the bar and challenges Alita to a rematch. Despite her courage and martial arts skills, Alita's body is sliced up by Grewishka's bladed fingers before Ido and another Hunter-Warrior force him to retreat again. Without any other options, Ido places Alita in the Berserker body, which automatically integrates with her. Vector realizes that he is not able to defeat Alita easily. He arranges for a Motorball match where all the participants are instructed to kill Alita for a significant amount of credit. At the same time, he urges Hugo to enter Alita in the Motorball competition. When Alita wins, both Hugo and Alita can go to Zalem. With her new body, Alita has higher power and enhanced flexibility. She enters her name in a Motorball tryout race, as per Hugo's request. Ido discovers that the other contestants are Hunter-Warriors and other cyborgs hired by Vector to kill her. Meanwhile, Zapan is plotting his revenge against Hugo and Alita. Zapan caught Hugo and his friend Tanji while they are stealing cyborg parts. Zapan kills Tanji and frames Hugo for murdering the cyborg they were taking parts from. Now Hugo has a bounty on his head, and all Hunter-Warriors are looking for him. While Alita is in Motorball race, Hugo is trying to escape from Zapan. Hugo calls Alita and tells her to meet him at the abandoned church. After Alita eliminates the other contestants, she heads to the church to confront Zapan and learn the truth about Hugo's work before Zapan mortally wounds him. Chiren was at the church, supposed to kill Alita, but instead, she saves Hugo's life by having him decapitated and uses Alita's heart to keep his brain alive. This angers Zapan, but Alita grabs his Damascus Blade sword and slices off his face. Hugo's head is transplanted onto a cyborg body by Ido. He also tells Alita that Hugo's belief of going to Zalem for one million credits was a lie fabricated by Vector, as citizens of Iron City will never be able to enter Zalem. Alita storms through the Factory to confront Vector. Vector reveals that Chiren has been murdered and her organs and body parts will be sent to Zalem. This is the only way citizens of Iron City gets to go to Zalem. Alita once again battles Grewishka in Vector's office and kills him before stabbing Vector, who has been mentally controlled by Zalem scientist Nova. Alita promises Nova to get revenge for Hugo, and he made the mistake of underestimating her. In the meantime, Hugo has run away from the clinic. With his new cyborg body, he attempts to climb a Factory tube towards Zalem. Alita pleads with Hugo to return with her, as a massive spiked ring sent by Nova comes hurtling down the tube, shredding Hugo's body. Alita manages to grab Hugo's remaining arm and use her sword to secure hold onto the tube. Hugo's elbow joints cannot support him and break apart, but not before he can say goodbye, leaving Alita on the tube clutching the remaining of his arm. Alita is devastated but determined to live on Hugo's memory. In the final scene, Alita is shown as the star athlete of the Motorball tournament. The crowd cheers for her as she points her sword towards Zalem while Nova watches her from above.
tt2671706
Drama
The film takes places in Pittsburgh in the 1950s, but the exact year is never stated. Troy (Denzel Washington) and Bono (Stephen Henderson) work as trash collectors in Pittsburgh. Troy complains that they never hire colored men for the driving; they always have to do the lifting. Bono asks about a girl that he's seen Troy eyeing at the bar they frequent. Troy claims he just bought her a drink and that hes never chased women after marrying Rose. The two get to Troy's house where they are greeted by Rose (Viola Davis). She asks if Bono is going to stay for supper. He says hes going home for pig feet. Troy says hes going to go home with Bono unless she can top that; Rose tells him shes cooking chicken. Rose and Troy are affectionate with each other and recall marrying each other 18 years earlier. She tells him that their son, Cory, has been recruited by a college football team. He tells her the white men aren't going to let a "colored boy" play football. Rose tells Troy he's going to drink himself to death, as he is drinking a whole bottle of gin while he chats. He tells her about a time Death visited him when he had pneumonia and he threw Deaths sickle and the two wrestled. After three days, Death gave up but promised to be back. Troy's 34-year-old son Lyons (Russell Hornsby) (a product of a previous relationship) comes over. Troy notes that he only comes to visit on paydays. Sure enough, Lyons asks to borrow $10 which he promises to pay back. Troy complains that his other son doesn't have a bed and that he himself can't get any credit. He claims that he only has their furniture because a man sold it to him one day and hes paid $10 every month for 15 years to avoid losing it; but after this long speech, Rose points out that Troy's lying and they got the furniture from someone else. Troy tells Lyons to get a decent job but Lyons says he doesn't want a service job; hes a musician. This irks Troy who reminds Lyons the only reason he has money is because he works as a garbage man and Lyons is no better than him. Lyons says they are two different people and he needs to do something with his life that makes him feel like he has a purpose. Rose demands Troy give him $10. When Troy hands over the payday money to her, she takes ten dollars out for Lyons. He thanks her and promises to give it back to his dad. Rose hangs laundry in the yard and sings a song about Jesus being a fence around her. Troy tells Rose the commissioner wants to meet him to discuss his job but he is optimistic he wont be fired. The two hear singing and find Gabe (Mykelti Williamson), Troy's brother, in the street, being chased by a group of kids. Gabe sings a song about plums he's selling but then tells Rose that he doesn't have any plums; it becomes evident he is mentally handicapped. Gabe tells Troy he saw St. Peters book for Judgment Day and Troys name is there and he knows Roses is in there but he hasn't seen it. Gabe believes he sees hellhounds and rushes off, singing a song about the Judgment Day. Troy and Rose discuss how Gabe's had brain damage after going to war and getting half his head blown off which is now held together with a metal plate. He received $3,000 from the US Army and that is how Troy was able to afford to purchase the house he lives in. Gabe lived with them until recently and now he moved out to live with a neighbor, Miss Pearl, so he can be more independent. Troy leaves to go watch the baseball game on the TV at a local bar he frequents, even though he was supposed to be building a fence. Time passes. Rose and Troy's teenaged son, Cory (Jovan Adepo) comes home from football practice at his high school, still wearing his football uniform. Rose tells Cory that his dad is upset with him for not being home to do chores or help him with the fence. Cory tells his mom that his dad always leaves on Saturdays to go to the bar. Cory goes inside and Troy returns home. She asks him about the game but he doesn't know (hinting that maybe he wasn't at the bar like he suggested). Troy finds Cory and argues with him about not doing his chores; Cory explains he had football practice. Troy demand Cory help him build the fence and they begin cutting boards. Cory asks his dad if they can get a TV. Troy says a TV set costs at least $200 and fixing the roof is $264. So if he had the money, he would fix the roof so it doesn't leak when it begins to snow or rain. Cory tells him he can put a down payment down on the TV but Troy says he doesn't want to owe anyone anything because if he misses one payment, they'll take the TV and keep his money. Troy says that if Cory comes up with $100, he will put up the other half. Cory has a job at the local A&P supermarket but he tells his dad that hes had his hours reduced because of football practice. Troy is furious and says Cory will never get to play football because the white man wont allow it. When Cory counters this with all the examples of black ballplayers, Troy continues to debate. Cory tells his dad about the recruiter from North Carolina who's coming to see him and asks his dad to sign permission papers but Troy refuses, insistent Cory go immediately to ask for his full-time job back, despite an arrangement where its being held for him until after football season. Cory responds by asking Troy why he never liked him. Troy tells him that nobody said he had to like him Cory eats every day and has a roof over his head and clothes on his back because Cory is his responsibility. Liking him isn't required. Cory leaves to seemingly ask for his job back. Rose has been listening from nearby and asks Troy why Cory cant play football. Troy says he doesn't want Cory to end up like him, not able to get into the Major Leagues. Rose points out that Troy didn't tryout until he was much older and wont admit to himself he wasnt young enough. Troy remains insistent that its because he was black. Troy is waiting in the Commissioners Office. He is called in. When he returns home, he excitedly tells his wife that he wasn't fired but actually promoted hes going to be the first colored man to be a driver in their city (instead of the one collecting the garbage). He suggests hell get to read the newspaper like his driver did but we learn he doesn't know how to read or to drive. He shrugs off not having a license, stating all you do is point the car where you want to go. Lyons stops by and Troy is sure he's going to ask for more money since its payday again. But Lyons actually is returning the $10 he borrowed. Troy refuses to take it and insists Lyons keep it for the next time he needs $10. Lyons finally gives it to Rose, insistent he repay his debt. Gabe enters the house, singing about the Judgment Day. He thinks Troy is mad at him for moving in with Miss Pearl. Rose tells him its nice for Gabe to come and go and also that Troy should sign Cory's recruiter papers to let him play football. Troy tells everyone how his dad didn't care about his kids and he had 11 of them. He tells a story about his dad whipping him for kissing a 13-year-old girl, only to learn he was mad because he wanted her for himself. And that's when he became a man and started whipping his dad; he then moved out on his own, at 14. He made his living as a robber and met Rose and had Lyons, then went to jail for 15 years where he met Bono and learned to play baseball. It wasn't until he was released, at 30 years old, that he tried out for the Major Leagues, confirming Roses theory that it was his age and not his race that kept him from being recruited. Cory comes home in his football uniform and throws his helmet in the direction of Troy. He says that Coach Zellman told him he cant play football anymore and for the recruiter not to come. Troy had learned that Cory didn't ask for his job to be reinstated, so he demanded that the coach pull him from the team. Cory points out that the job was being held for him until football practice is over and that his dad never listens to him. He screams that his dad is just worried that hes going to be more successful than him. Referencing the football helmet he threw, Troy tells him he swung the ball and didn't hit which was strike one. He'd better not strike out two more times. Another day, in the backyard, Cory hits a baseball tied to a tree. His mom joins him and he tells her he isn't quitting the team, even if his dad demands it. Rose tells him shell talk to her husband as soon as he gets back from bailing Gabe out of jail he was arrested for disturbing the peace. Troy and Bono return home and Troy explains he gave them $50 to get Gabe out of jail and theorizes that they just wanted money from him. Bono and Troy begin working on the fence. They complain that the wood is too tough to cut through. Cory joins them and is able to cut through the wood easily. Troy asks why Rose wants a fence anyway. Bono tells him Some people build fences to keep people out and other people build fences to keep people in. Rose wants to hold on to you all. After Cory leaves to go find a saw, Bono points out Rose loves Troy and they've been married for 18 years; he then asks about another woman that he suspects Troy of fooling around with. He points out that eventually hell have to cut one of them loose and his family should be his priority. Troy changes the subject and asks Bono when hes going to get a refrigerator for his wife. Bono responds that when Troy finishes the fence, hell buy her one. He then leaves, stating that he doesn't want to help him with the fence now; he has to protect himself from buying a fridge and knows it will take Troy six months to finish without his assistance. Rose asks Troy about Gabe's arrest. He explains that he paid $50 for his bail and there will be a hearing in a few weeks to determine whether Gabe should be locked up in an asylum. He was charged with being too loud while scaring away some kids that were picking on him. Rose thinks a hospital might be a good place for Gabe but Troy insists he remain free since hes not hurting anyone. As she prepares lunch, Troy tells Rose he has something to tell her hes going to be a dad. This is how she learns that hes been having an affair. Gabe shows up in the house, interrupting to give Rose a rose he has picked. Rose suggests Gabe get a watermelon and he leaves. She then becomes furious, pointing out that shes been loyal to Troy for 18 years and now hes done this to her. She grew up in a family where all her siblings were only half-related to her and she never wanted that for her children. He tells her this other woman helps him feel differently about himself and with her, he doesn't have to worry about all his family problems. She responds by saying she gave up her whole life for his, even though she knew he wasn't going anywhere; she feels just as stuck as he does but never betrayed him. She says he takes and never gives, which infuriates Troy and he grabs Roses arm, which makes her scream out. Cory rushes in and attacks Troy, punching him and knocking him to the ground. Troy lunges at Cory but is stopped short by Rose. He tells Cory that is strike two and then Troy leaves the house. Six months have passed. Rose and Troy no longer speak even though he still lives in the home. This changes when Rose asks Troy if hes coming home after work the following day he usually spends Fridays at the house of the woman he was having an affair with but always claims hes at the bar. She asks that he come straight home and that she isn't going to be patient with him anymore. He reveals that he's actually going to the hospital to see the other woman, who went into labor months early. Rose tells Troy that Gabe has been taken to the asylum after Troy signed papers arranging for half of Troys government checks to be rerouted to him, with the other half going to the hospital. Troy admits, because he cant read, he thought the papers simply allowed Gabe's release from jail. Rose then expresses her anger at Troy not signing the papers for Cory to go to college to play football, yet signing papers for his brother to be locked up in a mental hospital. The phone rings and Rose takes the call, learning that Troy's daughter has been born but the mother has died in childbirth. Troy walks into the yard and starts screaming at Death, as he did earlier. He challenges Death to come for him after he finishes the fence, in a one-on-one, man to man battle. A few days later, Troy comes home with his baby daughter, Raynell. Rose finally decides to take in the baby as her own, citing You cant visit the sins of the father upon the child. She rejects the idea that Troy will be welcomed back into her life though. Two months go by. Lyons enters the house to return $20 he borrowed from Troy. Cory walks home, stopping to look at a marines uniform in the window of a recruiting office. When he enters his house, he is greeted by Lyons. Cory tells him that he wasn't allowed to go to college to play football so now hes looking for a job. Troy comes home with his payday money but Rose is more independent now and leaves for church without asking permission from Troy. Troy goes outside and sings a song about his old dog, Blue. Bono stops by and Troy notes that they haven't seen her each other much since Troy got promoted to drive a truck in a white neighborhood. Troy heard that Bono bought his wife a refrigerator; he says he had heard Troy finally finished the fence. Bono leaves to play a game of dominoes at his house. Troy stays behind, drinking and singing the song about his dog, Blue. Cory enters the backyard but can't get into the home because Troy is sitting in the middle of the steps. He tries to walk over him. Troy is argumentative, stating its his house that he paid for and Cory needs to say excuse me. Cory stands up to his dad and wont acknowledge what he was given because its material things and he never gave him love and care, citing how he betrayed his mother. Troy says that Cory is "just another nigger on the street" to him. Cory responds by saying the house that Troy is bragging about owning should actually be owned by Gabe because his government checks provided the payments. Troy shoves Cory so Cory retaliates by swinging the baseball bat in the yard at Troy. Troy manages to get the bat away from Cory and stands over him with the bat, then kicks him out of the house. Cory walks away, saying hell only be back to collect his things. Troy tells him hell have Cory's things on the other side of the fence since hes not allowed back in the house. After Cory leaves, Troy begins swinging the baseball bat, taunting Death again, feeling energized by having gained the upper hand on Cory. He says he will put up a fight when Death comes. Seven years have gone by. Raynell is now a little girl, waiting for the seeds she planted to grow in her garden. Rose comes outside and tells Raynell to get ready for Troy's funeral as he just died from a heart attack when swinging his baseball bat (which we know is him confronting Death as he always suggested he would). Cory comes home in his US Marines uniform, now a Corporal. Lyons joins the family inside and he chats with Cory, revealing his girlfriend broke up with him and also that he has to do time after being caught cashing other peoples checks. He admits hes still playing music though and that it helps him get out of bed in the morning. Cory tells his mom he is not going to be attending his dad's funeral. He explains that he cant drag his dad with him everywhere he goes; one time in his life, hes got to say no. She tells him this is the time to put that aside and not going to his funeral isn't going to make him a man. Cory insists that his dad was like a shadow that followed him everywhere but Rose said that shadow was just him growing into himself. Rose gives a speech about loving Troy, even though he was flawed and hurtful. She adds that while she was at first upset about Raynell, now she has taken her in on as her own daughter and Rose is going to give her the best life she can. Raynell finds Cory outside and she asks if he knows about Troy's dog, Blue. They both begin singing the song Troy always sang about his dog, Blue, showing that they have their father in common despite not knowing each other (since Cory was in the Marines for six years). By the end of the song, Cory is too choked up to continue. Gabe arrives at the house, even though he was confined to a mental hospital. He holds his trumpet and says its time for St. Peter to open up the gates of Heaven for Troy. At first, Gabe blows the trumpet but no sound comes out. But then he tries again and a low note resounds from the instrument. They all look up at the sky and see the sun has appeared from behind clouds Heaven has opened up as Gabe always said it would. Gabe casually tells them, "That's the way that go" and exits.
tt1365519
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
The film opens with the voice of Lord Richard Croft (Dominic West) telling the legend of an ancient sorceress named Himiko. The story goes that she held power over life and death, and one touch from her was enough to kill anyone. Her generals overthrew her and buried her body on the island of Yamatai to prevent her evil from spreading. Richard plans to learn more about Himiko's secrets, but he fears leaving his daughter behind. We jump to the present where Lara Croft (Alicia Vikander) is at a boxing gym somewhere in London, England. She tries her hardest against her opponent but must ultimately tap out. Lara is later told by the gym's owner that she's behind on payments and he can't keep letting her show up without paying. Lara then heads to another location with some friends of hers that challenge her to a "fox hunt" - Lara is supposed to carry a fox tail on the back of her bike while a team of bikers chase after her. Lara rides through the streets and narrowly evades the bikers until she spots a man on the streets that she believes to be Richard. This distracts her and causes her to run into a police car, leading to her arrest. Lara is bailed out by her former guardian and her father's old business partner Ana Miller (Kristin Scott Thomas). She tells Lara that her father's shares of his company are about to be sold off unless Lara claims them herself. Lara has spent the last seven years waiting and hoping Richard will return home, but everyone has figured he died. In the morning, Lara goes to her father's company to claim her inheritance when she is presented with a puzzle box like one she used to play with as a child. Inside is a message and a key from Richard that directs her to go to the family's tomb. Lara opens her parents' tomb and finds a room full of her father's research. She finds a video camera with a message from Richard, detailing his search for Himiko's tomb and the history of her legend. He requested that Lara destroy all of his research because a company called Trinity is after his work and may threaten the world if they find Himiko's tomb. Lara goes to a pawn shop to get money for an amulet that belonged to Richard. She only gets £10,000 (pounds) at first, and when she tries to get more, the greedy shop owner, Max (Nick Frost), knocks it down to £8,000. Lara then knocks coffee on his balls for being a jerk. Lara travels to Hong Kong to find a ship captain named Lu Ren (Daniel Wu). She arrives at the docks and has her bag stolen by three street punks. Lara catches up to them and manages to get her bag back, but one of the goons tries to take it back with a knife. Lara manages to run by Lu Ren's boat, where he scares the punks off with a rifle, but also because he is drunk. After passing out, Lara wakes him up and learns that her father went off with Lu Ren's father and they both disappeared. She requests that they sail to Yamatai to find out just what happened to them, and she gives him the money she earned as payment. On the journey to the island, the pair encounter a ferocious storm. Knowing the ship won't survive, Lara and Lu hop off and try to get on a lifeboat, but Lara ends up being washed away to an island where she is knocked out by a mercenary. Lara wakes up to meet a man named Mathias Vogel (Walton Goggins). He has been leading an expedition for Trinity to find Himiko's tomb, but hasn't been able to return home to his family until he has concluded his search and brought back what they want. Vogel claims to have killed Richard and then forces Lara and Lu to work for him and his mercs to locate the tomb. They, along with a whole group of workers, are put under hard labor, and when one man falls behind due to exhaustion, Vogel shoots him dead. Lu gives Lara a chance to run when he knocks out one of the mercs. They chase after Lara, who ends up falling in the river and is almost swept away over the falls until she hangs on to a crashed airplane hanging over the falls. The plane starts to break when Lara finds a parachute and manages to pull it as she falls. She crashes down into the forest and is seriously injured when she gets something stuck in her abdomen. Vogel sends one of his mercs to find Lara, just as they have found the tomb's location, but still need someone to unlock it for them. The merc finds Lara, but after a fight, she kills him and is mortified at what she's done. She then sees a mysterious figure in the woods and follows him to his hideout. To her surprise, it is Richard, very much alive. Although he believes Lara to be a hallucination at first, he knows it's her and they tearfully reunite. Richard patches up her wound and is upset to find out Lara didn't burn his research as he requested, and now Trinity is closer to Himiko. Despite his refusal to fight back, Lara takes a bow and some arrows to head back to the camp. Lara uses the bow and arrows against Vogel's goons before reaching Vogel himself. She helps Lu Ren and the other workers get away, and Richard ends up going to the tomb as well. Before Lara can kill Vogel, he draws his gun on Richard, and although Richard tells Lara to go ahead and kill Vogel, she cannot bring herself to do so out of concern for Richard's safety. Lara is then forced to solve the puzzle on the tomb that allows it to open. Vogel leads a team of his men, plus Lara and Richard, into the tomb. They come across a few booby traps that brings the party down, including another puzzle that Lara has to solve before they all fall to their deaths. They finally find Himiko's casket and open it, where her body lies and quickly decays. The men attempt to lift her corpse, but one of the mercs finds himself infected and quickly decomposing, even causing him to shoot some of them men in a frenzy before Vogel puts him out of his misery. The Crofts realize that Himiko wasn't using her powers for evil, but she had voluntarily chosen to be buried to prevent the sickness within her from spreading. Vogel cuts off Himiko's finger and places it in a bag so that he can bring it back. Richard is then attacked by one of Vogel's infected soldiers, and although he manages to kill him, Richard touched his face and is now dying of the infection. He decides he must destroy the tomb with bombs in order to prevent the sickness from spreading. He shares one last goodbye with Lara before she goes off to find Vogel. Lara reaches Vogel before he crosses the bridge back out. They fight, just as Richard detonates the explosives and starts to bring the tomb down. Lara takes the finger bag from Vogel's pocket and stuffs it down his throat. The infection in his body spreads, and Lara kicks him down a chasm. She leaps across to the other side and manages to get to the end of the tomb but is trapped under the rubble. Thankfully, Lu Ren is nearby and he helps her out. They then see a Trinity chopper descend and they force the men to take them and the workers home. Upon returning to London, Lara claims her inheritance. She looks over all the companies owned by her father, including the parent company of Trinity. She realizes that Ana is the head of this company and was directly involved with Vogel the whole time. Lara decides to continue her father's work and bring down the bad guys. The last scene sees Lara returning to the pawn shop where she purchases two twin pistols.
tt0804484
Sci-Fi
One of the great Science Fiction writers of all time, Issac Asimov, wrote a series of books over a 40 year period known as the Foundation Series. The series is better known for it's first three novels referred to as the Foundation Trilogy. These novels are put together from the many stories Asimov had published in a pulp fiction magazine called Astounding. After being combined into novels they tell the story about a mathematician named Hari Seldon, who uses a new science called psychohistory to predict the end of the Galactic Empire. The time between this Galactic Empire and the next is predicted to last 30 thousand years. To help limit the time between the two empires to 1,000 years, Seldon creates two groups, First Foundation and Second Foundation. He places these 2 groups on different planets with different destiny's. The First Foundation is placed on a new world and has to colonize it from an agrarian planet to an industrial one. Through their physical struggles and wars they will evolve to become strong physically and in spirit to overcome the many barriers they will face. The Second Foundation is secretly hidden on the capital planet in the Galaxy, Terminus. They are there to create a great encyclopedia of the galaxy, but Seldon has greater plans for them. The Second Foundation will evolve over time to become an extremely powerful intellectual group of beings. They will use mind control to overcome the many barriers that they will face. Foundation is the story of how these two groups will find out about each other and strive to come together to save the Galaxy.
tt1226837
Biography,Drama
Journalist David Sheff (Steve Carell) is in the office of addiction expert Dr. Brown (Timothy Hutton). He explains that he's not there for an article - he's there because he doesn't know his son anymore - he's a drug addict, doing multiple drugs but most recently crystal meth, and he needs help. Flashback to one year earlier. David and his wife Karen (Maura Tierney) live in San Francisco with their two young kids Jasper and Daisy and David's son from his first marriage, Nic (Timothee Chalamet). One night, Nic doesn't come home. David calls his ex-wife, Nic's mother Vicki (Amy Ryan). The two get into a heated argument about Nic and his behavior. Two days later, Nic returns home, hungover. With his behavior getting alarming, David goes to see a drug rehab counselor, who says their program has an eighty percent success rate. David enters Nic into the program, and the two hug and exchange the word "everything" to each other. After some time in rehab, Nic tells David and Karen that he wants to stay on at the rehab center's extension program, a halfway house, and not go to college right away. Later, David gets a call that Nic has not returned to the halfway home. He angrily wants to know why no one is looking for Nic, but is told that their job at that point is not to locate him, but they will be there if he should return. They say relapse is part of recovery. David takes it upon himself to find Nic, eventually locating him in an alley in the rain. Nic vomits inside David's car, and David enters him back into rehab. When he and Karen bring him back, he demands to know the full extent of Nic's drug habits, learning just how many drugs his son is using. Later on, Nic is doing better and tells his dad he wants to go to college. David is excited and drops Nic off at school. Again, they exchange "everything"s. It goes well at first, and Nic even starts dating a classmate. While at Thanksgiving at his girlfriend's, Nic finds pills in their bathroom and takes them. He begins doing hard drugs again at school, his relationship falling apart. When he next comes back home, he asks if he can borrow David's car in order to go to a narcotics anonymous meeting. Instead, he goes out and scores. The next morning, when the two young children get into a fight because Jasper thinks Daisy stole the money out of his piggy bank, David confronts Nic asking if he stole the money. Nic gets aggressive and denies it, but David realizes he's using again. David says he shouldn't have let Nic go to school, he wasn't ready - but Nic refuses any more treatment and runs away. Caught up to the beginning of the film, Dr. Brown explains that crystal meth is extremely addictive, and that no matter what number he was told, the likelihood of someone overcoming an addiction is closer to eight percent. While searching for Nic, David goes through intense experiences - buying and using cocaine to try to understand his son's experience, and meeting and buying a meal for a young addict girl for some insight. Finally, he hears from Nic, but when they meet, Nic is erratic and high, and says he's clean but needs a few hundred dollars. David refuses to give him money and tries to get him to come home with him, but Nic flees, completely irrational and unreasonable. Later, David receives a call from a hospital in New York telling him Nic has overdosed. David flies to New York only to find Nic checked himself out against doctor's orders, but as he is on his way to fly back to San Francisco, he hears from Nic. He meets him at a diner, and Nic tells him he wants to get clean. In a flashback to when David first sent Nic to stay with his mother for the summer, we learn where "everything" came from - when Nic was sad to leave, his father assured him he loved him more than everything in the world, and they repeated it back to each other. David speaks with Vicki, and they decide Nic will go to Los Angeles to live with her and continue treatment there. Nic is very successful - he graduates college, has a good relationship with his sponsor, Spencer (Andre Royo), and is fourteen months sober. Around this time, he drives down to San Francisco for a visit with David and Karen. He gets along well with his younger siblings, but when he returns late from an NA meeting, David makes him pee in a cup for drug testing. Nic understands why, even though he promises he's clean. After he leaves his dad's house, Nic grows anxious and uneasy. He calls Spencer telling him he's having a hard time. Spencer insists he come over for dinner that night, but instead, Nic goes downtown and runs into his old friend from rehab Lauren (Kaitlyn Dever). The two score hard drugs together, take them, and have sex. Vicki calls David and tells her that Nic is missing. The two begin blaming each other and have a screaming match on the phone. David once again packs a bag to look for Nic, but Karen tells him she needs him to stay home. When David says he needs to make Nic better, Karen shouts at him that he can't - he can't fix this. Later, while his family is out, Nic and Lauren break into their house. When the family returns home, they flee out the back, but Nic's brother spots them. David and Karen go in different directions, and when Nic takes off in his car, Karen gets into her car and chases after them for miles. She eventually loses them and breaks down crying. When Lauren overdoses, Nic calls an ambulance, and though the EMTs are able to save her, he is left alone. He calls David, and tearfully begs to come home, he doesn't want to go to rehab but is willing to come home. David stays firm and tells him he can't do that; he can't take care of him; Nic needs to call his sponsor and take care of himself. He wishes his son luck and lets him go. Time passes, and Nic is still missing. Vicki calls and begs David for help finding Nic, but David can't do anything anymore. Vicki is sure he will be dead soon if they don't do anything, but David has to distance himself. David and Karen begin attending al-anon meetings to deal with their situation. Nic overdoses again, nearly dying. David comes to the hospital to see him. He takes Nic, who is very weak, on a walk outside, and the two sit on a bench together. Nic collapses in his father's arms, hugging him tightly. David rubs his back as the two look to an uncertain future. The post-script tells us that though it is a constant struggle, Nic has been sober for eight years.
tt1648190
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
The film opens in a camp full of children in the land known as Mid-World. A group of creatures wearing synthetic skins gather the kids and bring a few of them to a machine. Overseeing everything is Walter Padick, AKA The Man in Black (Matthew McConaughey). A girl is strapped to the machine as the creatures use her "shine" to send a powerful blast toward The Dark Tower. This is a dream being had by teenager Jake Chambers (Tom Taylor) in the middle of an earthquake. He lives in New York City with his mother Laurie (Kathryn Winnick) and stepfather Lon (Nicholas Pauling), whom Jake doesn't get along with. It has been a year since Jake's father Elmar (Karl Thaning) passed away trying to save people in a fire. Jake sees psychologists for his behavior and the frequent dreams he has about Mid-World, which he depicts in his drawings. The dreams are dismissed as being trauma from Elmar's death. At school, Jake is drawing another one of his dreams, only for his sketchbook to be snatched by a bully. Jake punches the bully and starts attacking him before getting pulled off by other students. In Mid-World, The Gunslinger Roland Deschain (Idris Elba) is with his father Steven (Dennis Haysbert) in the woods. They hear Walter's voice and get their guns ready while reciting the Gunslinger's creed. Walter appears and uses his manipulation magic to cut off Steven's breathing, killing him. Roland, however, is immune to Walter's magic. He tries to shoot Walter, but he catches Roland's bullets. Meanwhile, Jake sees an abandoned house in one of his dreams and finds a picture of it. He goes on a forum to see if anyone knows where it is located. Two people claiming to be from a psychiatric center working for the school come to pick up Jake at the urging of Lon. Jake quickly notices the scar from the fake skin on one of their necks. Laurie tries talking Jake into going with them for his own good. He then sees that someone responded to the inquiry of the house, saying it is located in Brooklyn. Jake figures this is a great opportunity to go find the house. He goes into the bathroom and escapes out the window. The two villains chase him through the city streets, but Jake manages to evade them. Jake heads off to Brooklyn and finds the house. Inside is a machine that activates a portal to Mid-World. After walking through the portal, Jake walks through the vast desert and finds the woods where he meets Roland. He at first thinks Jake is working for Walter, but Jake shows Roland his dream drawings and what he's seen in Mid-World. Roland explains that Walter is using children with "shine" (a special kind of power mentioned in the novel and film 'The Shining') to destroy The Dark Tower, which is what connects Mid-World with Earth. If Walter brings it down, he will unleash monsters into both worlds. At night, Jake sees a hallucination of his father calling to him. Before Roland can stop him, Jake takes his father's hand to reveal a monster. It tries to trick Roland by taking on the form of his own father, but Roland is not fooled, and he kills the monster. In Walter's lair, he learns that the portal that Jake went through was activated. He learns from one of his minions who Jake is, leading Walter to realize that Jake has a powerful shine. He proceeds to Earth to investigate. Walter goes to Jake's apartment where Laurie and Lon find him. Walter kills Lon and forces Laurie to bring him to Jake's room, where Walter finds all of his drawings and realizes that Jake knows about Mid-World. Roland brings Jake to a village of seers and speaks to one called Arra (Claudia Kim) to interpret his visions. Later that night, the village is attacked by Walter's minions. They kill some of the villagers before one of them tries to kidnap Jake. Roland ends up killing all the other goons. The creature gets far as Roland tries to concentrate on his target. He shoots straight and hits the goon, saving Jake. Roland and Jake return to Earth and go to a hospital where doctors treat Roland. He leaves and goes with Jake to his apartment. He finds Lon dead in the living room before running to his room and seeing a burnt hole in the floor, causing Jake to realize that Walter killed his mother. He even sees a vision confirming this. Jake breaks down. Roland tries to comfort him by promising to kill Walter. Jake is still angry, so Roland tries to teach him the ways of the Gunslingers, including how to shoot and how to recite the creed: "I do not aim with my hand. He who aims with his hand has forgotten the face of his father. I am with my eye. I do not shoot with my hand. I shoot with my mind. I do not kill with my gun. I kill with my heart." Roland goes to a gun store to reload, only to lose Jake as he is captured by Walter's minions. Walter confronts Roland in the gun store and manipulates the shop owner into shooting at Roland. Walter leaves Roland and takes Jake back to Mid-World. Walter has Jake strapped to the machine and proceeds to strike at the Dark Tower. Earthquakes hit New York, and the sky glows red. Roland arrives and fights his way through Walter's lair and all of his minions. Jake uses his mental connection to Roland to help him find Jake. Walter faces off with Roland by continuously deflecting all of his bullets. Jake reaches out to Roland and inspires confidence by retelling him the Gunslinger's creed. Roland shoots one bullet and then another to bounce off the other to strike Walter in the chest. Roland shoots him again until he finishes him off with a head shot. Roland frees Jake, and the entire lair blows up. In the final scene, Roland and Jake are back on Earth, which is back to normal. Roland invites Jake to join him in Mid-World since he now has nowhere else to go. Jake accepts and they step through the portal.
tt1118070
Adventure,Fantasy,Horror
//edit: Lovely call for action, but hardly a synopsis... Please describe key plot lines. For Guillermo del Toro: Hiking up the Mountains of Madness By Murray A. Katz, M.D. Plodding at midnight with Lovecraft while he traveled the streets, packing his Colt .38 -- and God knows where else he went -- around Providence far from Angel Street, I writhed within his sick, racist mind probing his letters compiled after he was found dead in the Jane Brown Memorial hospital March 15, 1937 where they ignorantly finished him off by draining too much fluid from his carcinomatous abdomen. Even today I think back to impersonating a friend of his wife, Sonia Green in a nursing home in Phoenix, while ploughing through his unpublished works at the John Hay Library and looking at that sickly yellow house and the third floor gable where he peered out upon a vaporous, fetid world of ancient terror. Thats when I reread The Shadow out of Time and At the Mountains of Madness, for the first of each year of my subsequent life. Only now does it begin to dawn on me why the latter is fantastically more horrifying than the former. I hope those reasons are translated in your hands into the movie. Within the early pages, they are very similar. A solitary character has born great trials and adventure, having gone early through Joseph Campbells refusal of the call, yet having survived to come back to his culture with the elixir, that may save all of us from unimaginable dreadfulness. But as these tales evert the souls and beings of the unwilling protagonists, only the geologist, Dyer, from the Mountains written in 1931, faced horrors beyond their written experiences. In the Shadow surprisingly written in 1935, the professor figures out less than half way, that he has become captured by filtered intellects from Yuggoth, and incarnated as a cone creature, communing with past and future intellects from inner and extragalactic space. So when his mind is restored to his professors body hospitalized at Miskatonic for years, the horror is weakly maintained by implying that beyond the revulsion of the cone people --with whom he has regular conversations -- they are themselves terrified by a silent, horror from outside their world which is breaking through to do dreadful things to them. But in the Mountains, the horror is silently carried by the frozen and awful air of the Antarctic gales. Whatever the leathery animal-vegetable fossils are who come back to kill the crews and the dogs who unearthed them, they do not speak, and yet are themselves awestruck by the Old Ones whose physical presence leaks out of the stars onto them, perhaps having already laid waste to whole uncivilization, the mere sight of which would and does drive a man insane. That silent and unending horror is in fact the elixir brought back by Dyer. The message is: Abort Mission! Never go there again! That must be communicated in your depiction. Another very difficult mission for you is that Dyer as are all Lovecrafts protagonists, is a very lonesome character, comfortable only amongst intellectual men. He exists only to tell the story, and has no personality. His thoughts are monologue of the story. As Lovecraft communicated with friends by letter, so does Dyer talk to us. He has no alter ego. That means, he does not have, cannot have, and never can have a girlfriend or even a man Friday. That makes your task nearly impossible. In my early years of amateur screenwriting, I could not write this play, and gave up the effort. So what techniques might be used, if it is not too late to suggest? An invisible narrator with an upper class but rural northern Massachusetts background could speak Dyers mind to us. Background noises and not quite understandable speech, barking, airplane motors, drills, gales and cavernous noises could provide a sense of presence. That worked very well when Morgan Freeman narrated March of the Penguins. But if you include a girlfriend, I promise you that . . . nevermind. I know you would never do such a thing. Even his friend Zealia Bishop existed only for him to steal her stories The Curse of Yig and The Mound. So besides the eternal and persisting terror before, during and after the story; and the apersonal solitary propulsive force of the story teller, what are the other elements? The horror never is seen, but it is smelled and heard; and it shakes the earth like being on the underground. The time is early 1930, and should remain so with primitive Dornier aëroplanes, Pabodie drills, dog sleds, parkas, ships, ice cutters, food, hygiene, wirelesses and tents. Blood on the snow looks like real blood on the snow, and dogs with their throats torn out exactly like that. Looking back behind the plane at the end is an award winning screenshot all by itself. The Necronomicon should be treated with respect, but not obsequiously. Perhaps a lesson could be learned from the scene of Carswell passing the papers to Dana Andrews Dr. John Holden in Curse of the Demon with illuminated script on his business card. Perhaps Dyer had a similar experience while reading the mad Arabs text. Perhaps Dyer may have done geological research and found compatible references in the rock like the medal discovered by Max von Sydows Father Merrin in the Exorcist. There may be also some permissible extensions of Dyer. Perhaps his mother drowned his sister in a bathtub being told by them to do it. Perhaps he watched it happen. Perhaps in graduate school in geology, certain marks in the rocks were not aberrant trilobites, but something quite different and quite pre-Pleistocene in origin. Perhaps he saw something in a telescope before Pluto was discovered, and it was rejected for publication. Perhaps they descended into his dreams, and drew him against his will onto the Antarctic expedition. Perhaps he was selected as a small child by the Old Ones for this mission to keep humanity away, at least until the messiah Cthulhu becomes ready to return to his adopted planet. My dear Sir, I salute you in your most difficult task, and hope I survive to watch you depict the tale, and the warning which I am sure you shall make palpable. Murray A. Katz, M.D. Professor of Medicine and Physiology University of Arizona College of Medicine Director, Benjamin W. Zweifach Microcirculation Laboratories Staff Nephrologist (1-111B) S.A.V.A.H.C.S. 3601 South 6th Avenue Tucson, AZ 85723 Ans: 1-520-629-4763 Fax: 1-520-232-9899 Cell: 1-520-444-8815 mkatz@theriver.com
tt1846589
Action,Thriller
An untested American submarine captain teams with U.S. Navy Seals to rescue the Russian president, who has been kidnapped by a rouge general
tt1798603
Comedy,Crime,Drama
The movie begins with Willie Soke (Billy Bob Thornton) working as a valet driver at a country club. He gets distracted when he sees a woman breast-feeding her baby, causing him to crash into a stand and knock someone over. Willie gets fired on the spot after arguing with his superiors. Willie's voice-over catches us up on the last few years of his life. He was not killed by the police at the end of the first 'Bad Santa' movie, but made a complete recovery and after his time in prison, he thought he got his happy ending by being with Sue, but his screw-ups caught up to him before she left him. He prepares to kill himself by sticking his head in the oven. When that doesn't work, he tries to hang himself. His suicide attempt is interrupted by Thurman Merman (Brett Kelly), now 21 years old and dumber than ever, still following Willie around even though he no longer believes he's Santa Claus. He even works at a sandwich shop now to fulfill his passion for making people sandwiches. Willy drops from the ceiling as he tries to stop his suicide. Thurman mentions that now that he's 21, he thinks Willie is going to "pop his cherry". Willie corrects him saying he would get it done by someone else. Willie calls Opal the prostitute (Octavia Spencer) to do the job, even though she isn't very willing. Thurman runs out of the motel room in a panic. Willie gets an unexpected visit from his old partner Marcus (Tony Cox), also fresh out of prison. He mentions there's a job that needs to be worked on for $2 million in Chicago. Willie isn't very willing to join Marcus since he tried to kill him on their last job 12 years earlier, but Marcus has apologized for that. Willie and Marcus arrive in Chicago for Willie to discover that Marcus wants to rob Giving Way, a charity foundation. To make matters worse for Willie, not only does Marcus expect him to put on a Santa suit once more, he discovers that one of the people working on the charity is his horrible mother, Sunny (Kathy Bates), who constantly refers to Willie as "shit stick". Willie punches her in the face and storms out, telling Marcus he has absolutely no intention of working with his mother. Marcus and Sunny later meet with Willie in her apartment to discuss the whole deal with their plan. Sunny claims she's got Parkinson's and has a really bad cough. Willie still refuses to work with her until Marcus tries to talk him into it. Willie finally decides that he'll do the job, but once it's over, he and Marcus are cutting Sunny off. Willie puts on the Santa suit to go out and collect money for charity. Another Santa comes by and thinks Willie is operating on his turf. Although he calmly tries to get Willie to leave, Willie accuses the man of being a pervert and starts beating the crap out of him in front of a crowd before Willie gets arrested. Meanwhile, Marcus is crawling through a vent to locate the safe when he comes across the charity's manager, Regent Hastings (Ryan Hansen), is having an affair with his assistant and is also embezzling money from the charity already. Marcus nearly gets found out when Sunny calls him and his ringtone goes off. After Willie gets bailed out, he must go to an AA meeting with Diane (Christina Hendricks), Regent's wife. Afterwards, she talks about her struggle with alcohol addiction and how it led her to do dirty things. Willie thinks she's asking for it and tries to put the moves on her, but she is disgusted and kicks him out of the car. Moments later, Diane drives up to him and admits she does want sex since she and Regent haven't been intimate in over a decade. Willie then does it with Diane behind a dumpster in an alley. They don't know they're being followed by Dorfman (Jeff Skowron), a Giving Way security guard who Regent hired to take pictures of the two. Marcus tries to get a key to the charity's safe by attempting to seduce Gina (Jenny Zigrino), another security guard. After taking her out for a fancy dinner, Marcus tries to go to bed with her, but she turns him down because of his height. Willie meets up with Diane and they do it on some Christmas trees. He asks that she call him Santa like Sue did, so she does. Willie reluctantly starts to bond with Sunny as she tries to get close to him again. He notices how bad her cough is, so he steals some medicine from a pharmacy for her. Sunny later gives Willie a gun in case Marcus tries to double-cross him again. Sunny later gets Willie to have sex with Gina for the keys since he has a thing for big fat girls. Gina is satisfied and Willie takes her keys. Marcus becomes upset after learning this and tries to attack Willie, but Willie manages to slam him onto a table. Thurman has traveled all the way from Arizona to Chicago to be with Willie after learning that he went there himself. Willie is utterly displeased to see this and tries to leave Thurman somewhere alone before feeling guilty and deciding to drop Thurman off at a shelter full of degenerates to get him out of his hair. Thurman later goes by the charity and sees the children singing. He manages to get the director to let him sing as well, and she gives him a Santa suit to put on, which excites him. Willie, Marcus, and Sunny prepare for the robbery as the charity is holding its event where the children are singing. Sunny takes out the lights while Willie and Marcus try to open the safe. Willie stops and sees Thurman getting up to sing in his Santa suit. Willie is surprised to see that Thurman has a lovely voice, and it even moves him to tears. When Willie and Marcus finally open the safe, Marcus reveals he really was trying to double-cross Willie. Willie gets his gun and gets the money out of there before the guards come after them. Willie and Marcus bring the money outside, but Sunny reveals that she was going to take the money all for herself. She shoots Marcus in the chest and runs him over with her van as she tries to get away. Willie goes after her and chases her into SantaCon. Willie manages to find her, and Sunny ends up shooting Willie as well. He grabs her bag and lets all the money fly out. Sunny tries to shoot Willie again, but Thurman shows up and jumps in, getting himself shot in the butt. The cops arrive and arrest Sunny while the medics take Willie and Thurman away. Willie wakes up in the hospital getting a handjob from Diane, meaning he finally got his "happy ending". His voice-over reveals that he tipped the cops off about Sunny, meaning he managed to avoid jail time once again. Regent's embezzlement scheme was discovered and he was booted from the charity. He has decided to keep Thurman around as company since he has decided his new family is way better than his old one. Willie now works as a janitor in the hospital, and he finds Marcus's room. He considers smothering him to death, but Willie gets his revenge by teabagging a helpless Marcus and posting pictures on Instagram.
tt3416532
Animation,Drama,Fantasy
The film begins with 12-year-old Conor (Lewis MacDougall) on the edge of a cliff, clinging to his mother as she is about to fall into abyss. He lets go. Conor wakes up from what seems to be a recurring nightmare. The next morning, he goes into his mothers bedroom to see her sleeping. He makes himself breakfast. His mom (Felicity Jones) joins him she has no hair, evidence of a battle with cancer. He tells her that hes done his chores. She says they're going to try a new round of chemotherapy and that Conors grandma is coming so he wont have to make breakfast every morning. He asks how long shell be there, disappointed. His mom promises just for a few days. At school, a boy stares at Conor while he's in class. Afterwards, he physically assaults him in the schoolyard while the bully's friends watch. That night, Conor goes to sleep. When his clock ticks over from 12:06 to 12:07, he hears a voice booming from outside, calling out his name. The massive yew tree outside of his house shape-shifts until it turns into a giant tree monster. Conor casually shouts for him to go away but the monster carries Conor out of his bedroom and into their garden. The monster (voiced by Liam Neeson) tells Conor that he doesn't often come walking but when he does, he expects to be listened to. Conor is defiant towards him. The Monster tells him he will visit again and he will tell three stories and when hes finished his three stories, Conor will tell him a fourth and it will be the truth, his truth. And the truth will be what he hides and is most afraid of that he dreams of. This truth is why Conor called him. Conor then finds himself back in his room which is covered in leaves, leading him to realize it wasn't a dream. The next morning, Conor's grandmother (Sigourney Weaver) is there. She has wigs for Conor's mom and tells Conor to put a kettle on. She finds Conor in the kitchen and is condescending towards him. He tells her to leave his mother always gets sick after the treatments and will be better in a day. His grandma tells him that she wont be better the next day even if she seems better; she says they need to talk about Conor coming to live with her. That night, Conor's grandma sleeps in Conor's bedroom and he sleeps in the living room. The clock clicks from 12:06 to 12:07 but no monster comes. He then sees him outside the window. The Monster tells Conor his first tale, told in beautiful animation in a happy kingdom lived a king who lost all of his sons to battles with giants or dragons. His only remaining heir was a grandson who grew up to be a prince who was loved by the kingdom. There were rumors that his new wife, replacing his first after she died of a broken heart, had poisoned him but the king begged the kingdom not to blame her. Now queen, the woman wanted to keep her title by marrying her stepson, the prince, but instead he rides away with the farmers daughter, whom he had fallen in love with. They slept under the branches of a yew tree (the same tree that has become the Monster) but when the Prince awoke, he found out that the woman had been murdered in the night. Men then approached to arrest him. He asked the yew tree for help and the Monster came alive, scaring the village into rallying behind the prince as he claims the queen murdered his wife. The queen is attacked by a mob and the Monster says that she was never seen again. Conor then asks if he can help do something about his grandma. The monster interjects that the story isn't done the queen wasn't killed; the Monster had carried her to a new village, far enough away that her people wouldn't find her. Conor asks why he would spare the life of a woman who murdered the farmers daughter. The Monster says he never said the queen killed the farmers daughter; only that the prince had said it was so. He then reveals the prince had murdered his bride to frame the queen to turn the kingdom against her; the prince then continued to be loved by the kingdom. Conor is irritated and complains that the lesson of the good prince being a murderer and the queen not being a witch is trite. The Monster says the queen might have been a witch and could have become evil but he kept her safe because she was not a murderer and the king didnt die of poisoning but of old age. There is no good guy in the story; most people are in between good and bad. Sometimes kingdoms get the princes they deserve, farmers daughters die for no reason, and sometimes witches merit saving. Conor asks how this is going to save him from his grandma and the Monster tells him its not the grandma he needs saving from. The next day, in class, the bully stares down Conor and later, he beats him up outside. When Conor gets home, his grandma tells him his mother had to go back to the hospital and that the chemotherapy is not working. Conor's dad is coming in from America. Conor sees his mom in her room, wearing a wig. She speaks gingerly about the topic of her health, telling Conor the last treatment didnt work as they expected it to but they're going to try something else. Conor now stays with his grandma in her house. She tells him of her antique grandfather clock its been in her family for generations and she forbids him to touch it. She leaves him alone in the house which is immaculate and tidy. Conors dad visits and the two go out to a restaurant. Conor is insistent his mom will be fine because shes taking some new medicine that will make her better. Conors dad tells him his sisters doing well; Conor interjects shes his half-sister. His dad tells him she cant wait to meet him and hes trying to arrange for Conor to come to L.A. Conor is excited about getting to leave his grandmas house but his dad explains he meant just for Christmas. Conor doesn't want to live in his grandmas house, pointing out its an old lady's house where you cant touch anything or sit anywhere he wants his own space and his own room. Conors dad points out that in America, they barely have enough room for the three of them and that Conors school is in Europe; but we know that Conor is bullied at school and he doesnt seem to mind the idea of leaving. Back at his grandmas house, the two find Conor's grandmother has returned to the hospital. Conor's dad tells him hes only there until Friday because Americans don't get much holiday. Conor tells him hes not American and he asks him why he came. His dad tells him he came because his mother asked him to. Conor settles into his grandmas living room, now upset. He begins tearing up the house, even ripping up the clock which she had told him was so important to her. The hands stop at 12:07. The Monster is now in the living room, telling Conor that he is going to tell him the second tale. Again, we see it illustrated in puppet animation 150 years ago, the valley was filled with factories. An apothecary lived in the village, digging up herbs and barks and berries and leaves for his medicine. But when he tries to sell his goods to people in the village, they are rude to him because they prefer modern medicine. Where Conor's house and the yew tree are now used to be a church with a parson inside. The parson had two daughters whom he loved very much. The apothecary wanted the yew tree (which is now the Monster) because of its healing powers but he would have to cut it down and the parson refuses. The Monster notes that the parson was not unkind but wanted to take the village out of the days of superstition and witchery. He preaches against the apothecary in church and the town is easily turned against him. But one day, the parsons daughters become very sick and no modern doctor is able to cure them. He approaches the apothecary and begs him to help his innocent daughters. The apothecary asks, "Why should I? You drew away my business with your preachings and you refused to give me the yew tree which can help with my healing. The parson tells him he may have the yew tree and he will preach sermons in his favor if he will save his daughters. The apothecary asks, You would give up everything you believe in?" The parson affirms this, saying to save his daughters, "he'll give up everything. The apothecary says, Then there is nothing I can do to help you. The very next day, both of the daughters died. And that night, the yew tree came along and became monstrous." Conor thinks he is going to punish the apothecary but he actually tears the parsons house apart. The Monster points out that the apothecary was not the bad guy when times were easy, the parson nearly destroyed the apothecary but when things were tough, he was willing to throw aside every belief to save his daughters. If the parson had given the yew tree to the apothecary when he first asked, he could have saved many lives, including the parsons daughters. Even though the apothecary was greedy and rude, he was still a healer. The parson was a man of belief who was willing to sacrifice it at the first challenge. He believed selfishly and fearfully. The Monster then continues to destroy the parsons house in the story knocking down the fireplace, throwing away their beds, smashing the furniture, breaking the windows. Conor helps out, smashing things. But when he returns back to Grandmas sitting room, he realizes it wasn't just a fantasy the entire living room and everything in it has been smashed to pieces (including her clock). His grandma returns home. She takes in the scene with horror in her eyes. Conor is afraid he is going to be punished but she is in such anguish, she can only let out a scream, knocking over the last standing display cabinet. That night, Conor's grandma is heard in her bedroom, weeping. The next morning, he finds his father cooking eggs, telling Conor that his grandma had called him to tell him about the living room. She has rushed to the hospital and he will drive him to school. Conor complains that he wants to go to the hospital. His dad tells him he knows hes been upset hence the living room. Conor asks if hes going to be punished but his dad said theres no point. The next day at school, Conor is bullied again but not assaulted. Conor goes to the hospital afterwards. He overhears his mom, sick and upset, but she covers it up when he enters her hospital room. She tells Conor that she had a bad reaction that morning but they're going to try a new medicine to get some good results and its medicine that comes from the yew tree like the one in their backyard. She says all this time they could have just chopped it down to cure her but not the one in their actual yard because its almost like a friend. Conor and his dad go on a walk and Conor learns that his dad is going back to America. He promises to return in two weeks. Conor is optimistic that the new medicine will make his mom well (since it comes from the yew tree and he considers that prophetic given his visits from the Yew Tree Monster) but his dad points out its a last ditch effort and that it wont help her. He tells Conor that stories don't always end up the way we want them to. That night, Conor waits until the clock clicks to 12:07. He goes into the garden and shouts for the Monster, who then reveals himself. He asks the tree if he can make his mom better but the Monster says its not up to him but if she can be healed, the yew tree will do it. The Monster says, "You still don't know why you've called me." He points out he doesn't visit people often and says its not yet time for his third tale but soon. And then Conor will tell him his truth and then we see the nightmare he had at the beginning, of him clinging to his mother's hands as she is about to fall into an abyss. He writes it off as just a nightmare. He asks what is going to happen to his mother and the Monster replies, "Do you not know already?" Days go by and the Monster no longer visits. Conor continues visiting his mom in the hospital. When hes in school, his bully comes and bullies him while he eats lunch (around 12:06 PM). He tells Conor he isn't going to bully him anymore because he thinks itd be a much worst fate to be invisible. The bully then spills Conor's orange juice on his art book where he has drawn a picture of his mother. As he walks away, the bully remarks, sardonically, that hes sorry about his mother. The Monster appears then in the cafeteria, now 12:07. He tells Conor its time for the third tale there was once an invisible man who was tired of being unseen. It wasn't that he was actually invisible but that people had become used to not seeing him. The invisible man called for a monster to make them see. While this story is told, Conor charges up the cafeteria and attacks the bully, pummeling him in an explosion of rage. Conor is now in the principal's office. She asked what came over him; his tormenter is now in the hospital and his parents are threatening to sue. Conor claims it was the Monster who did the hitting but we flashback to Conor pummeling his bully, screaming "I'm not invisible!" over and over. As he regains control of himself, the Monster tells him that all invisible men learn that there are harder things than not being seen. Back to the present, the principal says school rules dictate immediate exclusion but she cant do that to him. She tells him to go back to class and they will talk about the incident some day in the future. She adds there is no point in punishment, just like his father after he destroyed the living room. That day, Conor is taken to the hospital. His mom is even sicker than before and tells him the new treatment isn't working. Conor doesn't believe it since its from the yew tree. She tells him things have moved really fast. He asks what treatment is next but she doesn't reply there aren't any more treatments. His mom apologizes and says shes sorry. He tells her shes been lying to him the whole time. She responds that deep in his heart, he must have known, adding that its okay for him to be angry and if he needs to break things, he should break them. And if he ever feels bad about being too angry to talk to her, that its okay because she knows what he needs to tell her without being able to say it out loud. Conor asks his grandma to take him back home but clarifies he means his house, with the yew tree. She drops him off and then heads back to the hospital, telling shell return in one hour. Conor runs to the graveyard with the yew tree on top. He screams for it to wake up. The Monster appears. Conor screams that the yew tree didn't make her better like the Monster promised it would. The tree replies that he said if his mom could be healed, the yew tree would do it but she could not be. Conor screams for the Monster to fix her or else he has no purpose since the stupid stories just got him into trouble. The Monster says Conor was the one who called him and only he knows why. Conor says if he called the Monster, it was to save his mom and heal her. The Monster says, he didn't come to heal her but to heal Conor. The Monster says its time for the fourth tale. The hillside turns into the cliff that Conor has seen in his recurring nightmare. His mother is standing on the edge, looking frail as ever. Conor screams for her to get away. Black smoke swirls around them as Conor asks his mom to run away from the cliff. A monster made of a black cloud forms and pulls his mom over the cliff. But Conor catches her hands and he hold on just like in his nightmare. Conor struggles to hold on while the Cloud Monster tries to pull her into the abyss. The Yew Tree Monster tells Conor this is the fourth tale, the truth of Conor O'Malley. And his mom falls into the cliff. Conor finds himself back in the clearing. He tells the Monster this is where he normally takes up; he asks to see his mom. The Monster tells him she is no longer there because he let her go; he must tell the truth or he will never leave the story they're currently in. The Monster points out that Conor let his mother go he could have held on for longer but let her fall. The Monster begs Conor to ask why he let her go. Conor finally responds he did it because he wants it to be over and he cant stand it anymore; he wants it to be finished so he let her go and let her die. Conor asks why the Cloud Monster didnt kill him; he deserves punishment. He admits he always knew she wasn't going to get better but he convinced himself she would. And a part of him wanted it to be over because it makes him feel so alone and that he wished it would end, even if that meant losing her. He cries that he didn't mean to let her die (in the nightmare) but now shes going to die in real life and its all his fault. The Monster tells him that's not the truth at all; Conor was merely wishing to end his pain which is the most human wish of all. Conor says he didnt mean it but the Monster says he did and he did not. Conor asks how that can be rue? The monster asks, How can a prince be a murderer and a savior? How can an apothecary be evil-tempered but right-thinking? How can invisible men make themselves more lonely by being seen? Because humans are complicated beasts. You believe comforting lies while knowing full well the painful truths that make those lies necessary. He tells Conor that he almost died when attacked by the Cloud Monster rather than speak the truth and thats what he needs to do now. Exhausted, Conor goes to sleep on the hilltop. When he awakes, his grandma is there, having searched for him. She hurries Conor to the car to get to the hospital. While she frantically drives through town, Conor apologizes for the living room and she tells him it doesn't matter, adding that they are not the most natural fit but they'll have to learn. And that they have one thing in common they both love his mother. The two burst into his mothers hospital room and are told they got there in time. Conor's mom is slowly dying and she is assured that Conor and her mother are both there. The Monster appears in the room and tells Conor here is the end of the tale. The clock is about to turn 12:07. The Monster tells him all thats left is for him to speak the simplest of truths. Conor tells his dying mother he doesn't want her to go. The Monster tells Conor that the story ends with the boy holding on tight to his mother and in doing so, is finally able to let her go. As she begins to die, Conor's mom looks up to where the tree is and smiles, as if she can see him, too. Conor returns to his grandmothers house where they have settled into a more harmonious living situation. He finds a book of his moms artwork, akin to his own. Flipping through, he finds the final page is a sketch of the yew tree as a Monster, revealing that he had appeared to her, too, as a child.
tt3040964
Adventure,Drama,Family
The panther Bagheera opens the film by saying that there are many stories in the jungle, but none quite like that of the man-cub Mowgli. Mowgli is seen running through the jungle above the trees with his wolf brothers. Since he was a baby, Mowgli has grown up with the wolf pack, raised by Raksha. The jungle experiences a very dry season, so the animals come together by the Peace Rock to form a truce and drink water from there. Mowgli uses the shell of a fruit to grab water for himself, which makes the other animals see him oddly. The wolf pack leader Akela tells Mowgli not to use his man tricks in front of the other animals. The crows then begin to caw, signaling the arrival of the fearsome tiger Shere Khan. He is aware of Mowgli's presence and considers Man to be forbidden in the jungle. Akela covers Mowgli and tells Shere Khan he cannot have the boy. Shere Khan vows to come for Mowgli once the rivers run again. Knowing the jungle isn't safe for Mowgli anymore, Akela and the other wolves discuss his future there. Bagheera volunteers to take him back to the man village, despite Raksha's protests. The others agree it's for the best, and Mowgli shares a goodbye with Raksha, who says he will always be her son. Bagheera guides Mowgli toward the village, but once they come across a field of buffaloes, they are ambushed by Shere Khan. Bagheera holds the tiger off for Mowgli to run. Mowgli runs down a hill as the buffaloes stampede. Shere Khan tries to spot Mowgli, but the boy escapes. Shere Khan returns to the Peace Rock to confront the wolves. He mauls Akela and throws him off the cliff. The tiger then assumes leadership over the other animals and awaits for Mowgli to return. Now wandering alone through the jungle, Mowgli comes across a huge snakeskin that has recently been shed and soon meets the python Kaa. She puts Mowgli under her spell with her hypnotic voice and eyes. Kaa tells Mowgli of where he came from. He was an infant when his father came across a cave in the jungle and protected him from Shere Khan with the "red flower" (fire). Mowgli's father blinded Shere Khan's left eye, and the tiger killed the man. Kaa wraps herself around Mowgli and prepares to eat him but is attacked by another animal, forcing her to release the child. Mowgli wakes up and meets the bear Baloo. Since he saved Mowgli's life, he asks the boy to help him gather some honey from a cliff face. Mowgli breaks off some honeycomb but gets stung a few times in the process. Thankful, Baloo takes Mowgli under his wing (or paw) and they form a friendship. Baloo shows Mowgli that the man village is nearby and that he can go whenever he wants, but Mowgli decides to stick with Baloo, who shows Mowgli all about the "bare necessities of life." Bagheera encounters Mowgli and Baloo. Baloo claims that Mowgli is helping him hibernate for the winter, until Bagheera points out that bears don't hibernate in the jungle. The panther still wants to get Mowgli to safety. At night, Mowgli hears a herd of distressed elephants. Baloo and Bagheera see this and get worried until they watch Mowgli help a baby elephant out of a hole. Bagheera tells Baloo how Shere Khan is after Mowgli and that he needs to get to safety. Reluctantly, Baloo tells Mowgli he never thought of him as a friend and wants him gone. Heartbroken, Mowgli retreats to a tree. A small monkey starts to bother Mowgli, and soon more monkeys show up and capture him. Baloo and Bagheera see this and follow. The monkeys bring Mowgli to the temple of King Louie, a massive orangutan. Louie claims he can protect Mowgli, but he wants to learn the secret of the red flower (fire) and thinks Mowgli can deliver it to him. Mowgli says he cannot, sending Louie into a rage. Baloo and Bagheera arrive in the nick of time and fight Louie's monkeys while Louie chases Mowgli. Louie taunts Mowgli by telling him that Akela has been killed, which Bagheera knew about. As Louie tries to get Mowgli, he runs through his temple, causing it to crumble and crush him. Infuriated that Bagheera didn't tell him about Akela, Mowgli runs away. He enters the man village undetected and takes a burning torch back into the jungle. As he runs back, the other animals see him with the fire and follow. A piece of ember falls from the torch and slowly starts a fire. Mowgli confronts Shere Khan as the other animals gather to watch. Shere Khan tries to turn the animals against Mowgli by stating that man has brought the red flower into the jungle. Mowgli tosses the torch right before Baloo and Bagheera show up. They, along with the other animals, stand by Mowgli and against Shere Khan. Baloo battles Shere Khan. Mowgli wants to fight, but Bagheera says he must fight as a man and not as a wolf. Mowgli runs toward the trees. Shere Khan takes Baloo down, but before he can kill him, Raksha and the other wolves attack Shere Khan. Mowgli sets up a trap in the trees and waits for Shere Khan. Escaping the wolves and Bagheera, the tiger climbs the tree and walks the branch where Mowgli is standing. The boy tells Shere Khan he is not afraid of him. The tiger pounces at Mowgli as the branch snaps. Mowgli jumps to safety, but Shere Khan ends up falling and is consumed by the fire. Mowgli returns to the other animals, and the river, aided by grateful elephants, turns its flow, putting out the fire. Mowgli is seen running with his wolf brothers again and is reunited with them and Raksha. Baloo now lives close with Mowgli, Bagheera and the other animals, and he says he could get used to this.
tt1972591
Action,Adventure,Drama
Centuries ago in the Dark Ages, the evil mage Mordred (Rob Knighton) sought great power through the use of dark magic. Mordred and his army make their way to Camelot and begin laying waste to the kingdom of Britain as they ride on the backs of massive war elephants. King Uther Pendragon (Eric Bana) leads his own army against Mordred's forces. Uther rides his horse to reach Mordred's stronghold while wielding his mighty sword Excalibur. With one swing, Uther slays Mordred and puts an end to his reign of terror. Soon after, Uther's brother Vortigern (Jude Law) leads a coup against Uther and the kingdom. Vortigern takes his wife Elsa (Katie McGrath) underground to a pit where he kills Elsa and spills her blood to achieve a stronger form. Uther gets his wife Igraine (Poppy Delevignge) and young son Arthur out of the castle as Vortigern's minions, the Blacklegs, are closing in on them. As the villains begin causing chaos throughout the kingdom, Uther brings Igraine and Arthur by the docks. A figure approaches the family and hurls a spear at Igraine, killing her. Young Arthur is sent to the capital city of Londinium and is taken in to be raised in a brothel. As he grows older, Arthur spends his time on the streets, getting into trouble with other children and picking fights with those that harass him. As an adult (now played by Charlie Hunnam), Arthur grows stronger and more cocky and has made friends with Rubio (Freddie Fox) and Percival (Craig McGinlay) Arthur tends to his friend Lucy (Nicola Wren), a prostitute, who was previously assaulted by a group of Vikings. Arthur is later called to speak to a commander after Blacklegs raid the brothel. Arthur outed a man in hiding named Goosefat Bill Turner (Aiden Gillen), and he got into an altercation with the Vikings for hurting Lucy and forcing them to give up their wages. The commander tells Arthur that those Vikings were protected by the king, and therefore Arthur must pay for his crime. Arthur is taken and put onto a ship with other men headed for the kingdom. The Blacklegs also kill Lucy in front of Arthur and the other prostitutes just to spite him. Vortigern speaks to the sirens that granted him his power after he killed Elsa. He does not yet have the full power he seeks, and the sirens tell him that once he kills Arthur and takes the power of the sword, he will succeed. Vortigern then learns that the sword has been found in a stone pulled out of the ocean. Arthur is brought forth to the stone with hundreds of other men as they are forced to attempt to pull the sword out. When Arthur steps out, he slowly feels the sword coming out of the stone. He sees flashes of images and senses a powerful and overwhelming energy that causes him to pass out. Arthur wakes up in Vortigern's dungeon. The king enters and explains to Arthur just what he had felt. He tells Arthur who his father was and how he is able to wield the sword. However, Vortigern intends to hold the power for himself, so Arthur must be dealt with. Uther's former general, Sir Bedevere (Djimon Hounsou), is met by a woman known as The Mage (Astrid Berges-Frisbey). She was sent by Merlin to help Arthur. Voritgern sentences Arthur to execution. The Mage hides and uses her powers to summon hawks to attack Vortigern's men while Bedevere and his men help Arthur get away. They bring him to their hideout, where Arthur awkwardly faces Bill after their previous encounter. Bedevere tells Arthur they need his help in defeating Vortigern, but Arthur refuses to help them. The others then doubt that he really can wield the sword as it was believed. Arthur knows they want him to fight them, and he initially chooses not to, until he sucker-punches Bill and tries to wield Excalibur by himself. This only causes him to faint once more. Bedevere later explains to Arthur how Vortigern had worked with Mordred the whole time to ensure that Vortigern would ultimately emerge victorious. His ultimate goal is to construct the Mage Tower, which had once been the source of Mordred's power, but if Vortigern completes it, he would be unstoppable. After Mordred rose to power, Uther came into possession of Excalibur from the Lady of the Lake (Jacqui Ainsley), leading him to kill Mordred. The Mage suggests to Bedevere to take Arthur to the Blacklands, where Merlin had destroyed Mordred's tower, so that he may train to learn how to control the sword. Arthur faces a number of creatures as he attempts to use the sword to his full potential. He receives help from a rebel named George (Tom Wu). As Arthur tries to grasp the power of the sword (literally), he sees a vision of the night his parents were murdered. He sees Vortigern's demonic knight form as he threw the spear at Igraine before dueling with Uther as he sent his son away. Vortigern overpowered him and nearly struck a fatal blow until Uther threw his sword into the air and let it impale him, thus turning him into the stone that held Excalibur and making him sink to the depths of the ocean below. Once Arthur understands his father's sacrifice, he decides to go kill Vortigern. Arthur and the rebels plan to meet with barons from other kingdoms to have them on their side to confront Vortigern. Arthur helps orchestrate meetings with the barons in the woods, which involves elaborate confrontations among his own men to show the barons that Arthur is someone they can follow. Vortigern's maid Maggie (Annabelle Wallis) is secretly a spy for Bedevere. She informs the rebels that Vortigern has also met with a Viking baron to form an alliance. The rebels plan to attack Vortigern when he arrives in Londinium. Once Vortigern and his men arrive, the rebels hide in a tower as Bill keeps an eye out. He readies his bow and arrow, only for Arthur to tell him that Vortigern has sent a decoy in his place. Bill still fires his arrow, leading to an attack. The rebels make a run for it, but Rubio gets hurt and left behind while the others take refuge in a school run by George. The Blacklegs attack the school, forcing the rebels to fight back. Arthur sees the Mage being held at knifepoint by a Blackleg. With a mighty swing of the sword, Arthur knocks the Blacklegs back and kills them all. Chaos breaks out across Londinium that night as the rebels stay in a safe house. Rubio and his son Blue (Bleu Landau) arrive and join their friends. Vortigern's general Greybeard (Mikael Persbrandt) has followed Rubio, leading the two villains to find and interrogate him. Blue runs back for his father, but must pretend not to know him to protect both of them. Vortigern then goes to cut off one of Rubio's ears to see if Blue is telling the truth, but Blue yells before Vortigern passes his blade. He does it anyway as Arthur runs in to get Blue out of there. Blue must watch as Vortigern kills his father as Arthur takes him away. Feeling like a failure to his men, Arthur throws Excalibur into the sea. He walks through the woods and is pulled into a small pool by the Lady of the Lake. She shows Arthur a vision of what will happen if he does not stop Vortigern - people will die and the kingdom will perish should he achieve his ultimate power. Arthur returns to meet with Bedevere, George, and Percival. When they get back to their hideout, they find all of their friends and allies dead. Greybeard is there to deliver a warning to Arthur - if he doesn't surrender by the end of the day, Vortigern will kill both Blue and the Mage. Through a negotiation, the Mage is released when Arthur goes to turn himself and the sword in to Vortigern. Before anyone can harm Arthur, the Mage summons a giant snake to come in and eat Greybeard and the other Blacklegs. The rebels then go to free the rest of Vortigern's prisoners and begin to battle the Blacklegs. Knowing what's about to happen, Vortigern takes his daughter Catia (Millie Brady) down to the pit to sacrifice her and regain his demonic form. He brings Arthur to a completely different realm and fights him. Arthur puts up a good fight but is ultimately overpowered by Vortigern. Arthur then sees the vision of Uther before his death, with Arthur standing before his father. Before the sword hits Uther, Arthur grabs it, and Uther tells him it is time for him to wield Excalibur. Arthur continues the fight and tells Vortigern that everything that has brought Arthur to this moment is all thanks to Vortigern himself, due to his actions instigating Arthur to come fight. Arthur destroys Vortigern's blades and impales his treacherous uncle. Arthur leaves Vortigern with his dying breaths as the mage tower collapses. A while later, Arthur is seen constructing the Round Table. He knights George and Percival while keeping Bedevere and Bill in his circle. Arthur also cuts ties with the Viking baron and his men to avoid further conflicts. The Vikings peacefully kneel before the new king. Arthur is then presented with his crown as he goes to face his kingdom. The people cheer as Arthur raises Excalibur in the air.
tt3402242
Sci-Fi
Six super villains who are each an enemy to Spider-Man decide to team up with eachother and force him to fight battles against all of them.
tt3741700
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
Dr. Emma Russell wakes up recalling the SF Godzilla rampage incident. Maddie, her daughter is in kitchen echatting with her estranged dad Mark Russell. Emma goes to a lab with daughter Maddie, they are in central China, at a Monarch Facility housing a giant moth larva. The moth stirs but Emma gets it to settle down by finding a correct frequency on her Orca device, a packing case sized electronic apparatus. Suddenly, explosions and gunfire, a squad of soldiers come in and take Maddie and Emma and the orca device. Dr. Serizawa, Dr. Graham and Sam Coleman are being grilled by a US Govt Committee on what Monarch is doing. Serizawa says the research is important to coexist with the Titans. Suddenly he gets a call and has to leave, the Monarch trio depart. Mark Russell is in the woods sound recording wolves in a feeding frenzy. The Monarch leadership trio arrive by V22 Osprey and go back to his cabin. They show video clips of Maddie and Emma being taken. He agrees to go with them. After SF, the couple diverged, Emma doing research , Mark leaving it all behind, they had lost a son and separated leaving Maddie with mom. Mark had invented the orca device to communicate with killer whales, he was unaware Emma had been developing it for Titans. On an ocean platform Bravo near Bermuda Monarch has a large control centre, they can track Godzilla as he travels in the oceans around the world. Suddenly the signals get stronger, Godzilla is approaching. Monarch readies weapons but Mark says to stand down,they power down weapons and open the blast shields. Godzilla swims close by seemingly staring at the humans inside, the titan then zooms off. Mark asks to see the tracks history and the they show Godzilla has been repeatedly going near the Monarch Antartica Base. Colonel Jonah Alan, a disaffected British soldier and his team assault the Antarctica Base, they kill the Monarch guards and force their way down, a Titan, Zero is entombed in ice. The soldiers plant explosives in the ice and prepare to detonate, they get word a Monarch team is approaching. The giant Monarch flying wing arrives and deploys several V22s, The aircraft land and soldiers get out and start a firefight with Col. Alan's mercenaries. Mark Russell follows at a distance. He makes it close to where the two groups have a standoff on a Gantry. Mark sees Maddie and urges her to come, she starts but Emma tells her to stay. Emma the presses the red button and detonates the explosives. The entire facility begins to collapse and the two sides scramble to escape. Col. Alan, Emma and Maddie make it to their V22 and lift off. Mark saves a group of soldiers and is a little later in getting to their aircraft. Meanwhile Titan Zero, a huge three-headed dragon breaks out of the ice, it notices the remaining V22 and approaches, ready to spew flames but Emma calms it down with her Orca device from the hovering Osprey, then they fly off. Suddenly Godzillla appears and fights the larger three-headed monster. The Monarch team on the ground scramble to avoid being trampled. The three-head manages to push Godzilla into a crevice and flies off. The Monarch team is recovered. Mark says they have to find Godzilla. There are 17 Monarch sites at dormant Titan locations. The one in Mexico is showing some movement, the flying wing heads to Mexico. A giant black bird with flaming tail feathers climbs out of a volcano, Rodan. Mark urges Monarch to evacuate the 11,000 people living close to the Mountain. Monarch notices a large hurricane also moving to Mexico, it is Titan Zero which can somehow control the weather. V22 Ospreys rescue people and fight Rodan, the flying wing tries to draw Rodan toward Titan Zero. Rodan knocks down the V22 one by one. Again Godzilla appears and starts fighting Titan Zero in the Gulf of Mexico. Admiral Stenz comes on and tells the Monarch flying wing to get clear, the military has launched an oxygen-depleting cruise missile at Titan Zero. One last Osprey calls a mayday, it is full of kids. Mark goes to the Landing Bay and ejects a parked Osprey making room for the craft, which manages a hard but safe landing inside the flying wing. The wing zooms off as the bomb explodes, a large shockwave expands and the area is quietened. After a moment Titan Zero gets out of sea, missing a head and flies to the top of the volcano, screeching into the air. The head re-grows. The Monarch team lose Godzilla's signal and think it has died. Back on Bravo, Monarch determines Titan Zero is King Ghidra, the competition to Godzilla as the top apex predator on earth. All the other dormant Titans around to world start to awake and wreak havoc. Monarch scientist Ilene Chen explains Ghidra is an extra-terrestrial with greater powers than the others. Mom makes a video call to Monarch to explain what she did. She thinks humans are over populating and destroying earth, releasing the Titans will restore the balance and save the planet. Mark and Monarch think she is crazy and has acted beyond her authority. Emma urges them to find bunkers to hideout until it's safe enough. Monarch decides to go look for Godzilla. In China the larva transforms to a large moth, the older Dr. Chen basking in the beauty of the friendly giant. Serizawa and Russell take a submarine and find a submerged city older than Egyptian ruins. Radiation keeps them back but a probe manages to get a photo of a sleeping Godzilla in a dry chamber. Serizawa volunteers to take a nuclear bomb to GodZilla to give him a healthy shot of energy. He takes a one man craft to the chamber, climbs up beside Godzilla, pats it's nose and says goodbye. The bomb explodes. The submarine surfaces and they lookout for signs on the surface. A large whirlpool starts and Godzilla comes out, the Titan comes close to the sub, peers closely, but leaves them alone then swims off. Back at Bravo, Mark wants to find Maddie and prepares to leave, but a bright light breaks through the rain, it is Mothra in all its glory. Maddie has also realized her mother is crazy and tries to stop her. Emma realizes they can use Boston's Fenway Park to send out a Orca signal stopping the Titans, Col. Alan says no, they must see through the plan, even though Ghidra's powers were more than expected. Maddie escapes the Monarch bunker, an old fallout shelter, with the orca device. She makes her way to Fenway Park and plugs the equipment into the PA system, then starts broadcasting a signal. The Titans around the world stop, Ghidra goes toward Boston to find the signal. It arrives in a hurricane and blasts the PA speakers, then looks into the stadium windows seeing Maddie. Maddie grabs the orca and tries to run for it. On the baseball field she loses the case and Ghidra is about to blast her when suddenly a blue blast knocks the three headed-monster down. Maddie looks and sees an angry Godzilla walking ashore with a supporting squadron of V22 firing rockets and the flying wing. Godzilla and Ghidra now fight again in Boston, Mothra and Rodan fight in the air. Once again Ghidra seems to get the better of Godzilla who is left panting in the rubble. Mothra kills Rodan then attacks Ghidra, who destroys Mothra with a blast. The Mothra particles float down onto Godzilla. The Monarch team go to find Maddie, they find the orca but not the girl. Meanwhile, Emma has had a change of heart and also arrives at Fenway Park, she saves the Monarch team and they escape in a Hummer, followed by Ghidra. They try to give Godzilla time to recover. The parents realize Maddie went to their old family home and go there, finding her in the ruins of the house. Maddie recovers and they plan to use the orca device again. A V22 arrives to take the team away, everyone but Emma get onboard, she stays on the ground and says sorry, she activates the orca and Ghidra blasts her position. Mark and Maddie look on in grief. Godzilla recovers, now glowing red he fights again this time finally destroying Ghidra. Other Titans arrive in Boston and kneel before Godzilla. He stands high and mighty, the King of Monsters.
tt2395088
Action,Thriller
No official synopsis for this film has been released from Universal at this time. However, the following synopsis may be from Anthony Peckham's original draft of the script, which has hence been discarded in lieu of Andrew Baldwin's version. The Bourne saga continues with THE BOURNE BETRAYAL. Jeremy Renner returns as Aaron Cross the last surviving member of Operation Outcome - a group of black ops agents with chemically enhanced physical and mental capabilities that were betrayed and terminated by a dark and powerful black ops team deep within the CIA. But Aaron Cross survived and is still at large and their sinister activities are threatened and Operation Larx - their next generation of super assassins is in jeopardy. Larx agents are dispatched to hunt Cross down and remove his threat. The chase moves to China and the streets of Shanghai as Cross stays one step ahead of the closing Larx agents in a desperate bid to find a second Outcome agent that could be his salvation and that could help him take the fight to the agency. Jeremy Renner is joined by Edward Norton, Rachel Weiz, David Strathairn and Stacy Keech star in THE BOURNE BETRAYAL the next exciting instalment of the Bourne series.
tt1661199
Drama,Family,Fantasy
In a beautiful kingdom, a little girl called Ella (Eloise Webb) lives a happy life in a lovely manor house with her doting parents. Her father (Ben Chaplin), a wealthy merchant, is often away on business trips, but always makes the most of his time with his family. Ella's mother (Hayley Atwell) encourages her to believe in magic, courage, kindness, and hope. Ella considers the resident farm animals to be her dear friends, and talks to them often. Ella and her father are grief-stricken when Ella's mother falls gravely ill. On her deathbed, she tells her daughter that power and magic stem from kindness, and to always "have courage and be kind." Over the next several years, Ella (now Lily James) carries on a comfortable life with her loving father, though they both miss her mother terribly. When her father announces his plan to remarry, Ella gives him her sincere blessing and hopes for his happiness in this new chapter of his life. Ella's new stepmother, Lady Tremaine (Cate Blanchett) is a stately widow with two daughters of Ella's age: Anastasia (Holliday Grainger) and Drisella (Sophie McShera). The three women, along with their ill-tempered cat Lucifer, move into the manor house with Ella and her father. Lady Tremaine proves to be a prideful and cold woman with rather unsavory friends, while Anastasia and Drisella bicker constantly and only seem to bond over their disdain for Ella. Ella's father prepares to depart on another business trip, and asks Ella and her stepsisters what presents they would like him to bring back. While Anastasia and Drisella ask for parasols and lace, Ella merely requests the first branch that brushes her father's head as he travels. He bids her a loving farewell the following morning. No sooner had her husband departed, Lady Tremaine manipulates Ella into giving up her bedroom to Anastasia and Drisella. Ella is then relocated to the attic, where she finds that her mouse friends also reside. Despite this unjust development, Ella remains optimistic and continues to live by her mother's mantra: "Have courage and be kind." Some time later, Ella is given tragic news by a local farmer: her father had taken ill and died on his journey. The farmer gives Ella the branch she had requested, along with his condolences. Ella is heartbroken. Lady Tremaine is also upset, but for solely financial reasons. Resentful of her new husband for leaving them with no source of income, she takes out her rage on her stepdaughter. After dismissing all the household servants, Lady Tremaine shifts the entire workload to Ella, who is so miserable that she views the endless chores as almost welcome distractions from her grief. Ella's days of servitude grow increasingly dismal, as the shock of her father's death wears off and she realizes she no longer has a loving family. After a particularly cruel and hurtful incident (during which her stepfamily dubs her with the infamous nickname "Cinderella"), Ella rides her horse into the nearby woods to calm herself down. She encounters a stag, fleeing from an approaching hunting party, and her horse takes off in fright while Ella clings on for dear life . Her plight is noticed by the young prince (Richard Madden), out hunting with his men, who manages to stop her horse and introduces himself as Kit, an "apprentice" from the palace. While Ella is charmed by the handsome stranger, whom she does not recognize as the king's son, she scolds him for hunting a helpless animal and requests that he refrain from harming the stag. While taken aback at Ella's odd request, Kit is smitten with her compassionate spirit, but is called back by his hunting party before he can learn her name. Back at the palace, Prince Kit tells his father, the King (Derek Jacobi) about the pretty girl he met in the woods. While the King still insists that Kit must marry a princess for the good of the realm, he sympathizes with his son's desire to break the occasional tradition. However, as the King is growing increasingly ill, he believes that Kit must marry quickly and properly in order to take the throne in the near future. Kit reluctantly agrees to his father's wishes, which are seconded heartily by the king's right-hand man, the Grand Duke (Stellan Skarsgard), but suggests that the entire kingdom be invited to the upcoming palace ball instead of merely the nobility and upper-class. The King agrees, and Kit looks forward to possibly seeing Ella again. The captain of the royal guard (Nonso Anozie), who is also Kit's friend and confidante, encourages Kit's progressive thinking in spite of the King's opinions. As Ella buys groceries in the market square, the royal crier (Alex MacQueen) announces to the gathered public that a grand ball will soon be held at the palace so the prince may choose a bride, and that all eligible ladies in the kingdom are invited. Having never been to such a luxurious affair and hoping to see Kit the "apprentice" again, Ella is excited to learn that even the serving class is welcome to attend. She rushes home to relay the news to her stepfamily, who are overcome with anticipation. Lady Tremaine immediately plans for one of her daughters to win the prince's hand and bring riches to the family again. When Ella expresses interest in going to the ball, she is scoffed at and dismissed. Ella, still not disheartened, finds an old dress of her late mother's and begins to mend it herself in preparation for the event. On the evening of the ball, Anastasia and Drisella are decked out in their new gowns and are aflutter with excitement. Lady Tremaine is delighted that she has "two horses in the race," and is all but convinced that the family will soon be elevated to royal status. Ella descends the stairs in her mother's old dress, taking one more stab at attending the ball. Lady Tremaine and her daughters cruelly rip the dress to tatters, taunting Ella and forbidding her to accompany them. As the three women depart, Ella runs into the garden, weeping with rage and sadness. Ella is startled by an old beggar woman crouching in the corner of the courtyard who asks for a bit of nourishment. Despite her own misery, Ella kindly offers the woman a bowl of milk. To Ella's great surprise, the old lady transforms into a shimmering fairy and introduces herself as Ella's fairy godmother (Helena Bonham Carter). The fairy godmother wastes little time in transforming a pumpkin, Ella's mouse friends,a goose, and some lizards into a spectacular carriage, four while horses, a coachman, and footmen, respectively. Ella's ragged pink dress is spruced into a magnificent blue ball gown, and her worn-out shoes are replaced with a stunning pair of glass slippers. Ella is dumbfounded by her change in luck and is most grateful, but is warned by her fairy godmother that the spell will be broken at the last stroke of midnight and all will be as it was before. Ella promises to be home in time, and is sent off to the palace after receiving a charm that will prevent Lady Tremaine and the stepsisters from recognizing her. The ball is just underway as Ella arrives, with scores of princesses being introduced to the Prince and the King. When Ella appears on the ballroom balcony, the assembly goes silent and Kit recognizes the girl from the woods at once. He asks her for the first dance, which she gladly accepts, and the party officially begins. While Lady Tremaine sends her daughters into the fray to compete for the Prince, Kit and Ella sneak away to the castle grounds. Realizing that Kit is, of course, the Prince, Ella is a bit shocked, but upon getting to know him, sees he is an honest and caring man. He speaks of his inner conflict between pleasing his father, whom he loves and respects, and pursuing his own ambitions. Though having a marvelous time with Kit, Ella notices the clock beginning to strike twelve and hastily excuses herself. In her rush to leave the palace before the magic wears off, she loses one of her glass slippers on the palace steps. Kit sends the royal guard after her, determined to find out who she is, but Ella's goose coachman manages to evade them. At the last stroke of midnight, Ella's dress, coach, and attendants all return to their normal forms, although her one remaining glass slipper remains intact. She walks the rest of the way home, still giddy from her magical evening. When her stepfamily finally arrives home, Ella is still in a wonderful mood as the stepsisters talks of the beautiful "mystery princess" who stole the show at the ball. Lady Tremaine is angry after overhearing the Grand Duke say that the Prince was already promised to the Princess of Zaragosa, so the whole ball had been for naught. She is also suspicious as to why Ella is so cheerful after such a supposedly unpleasant evening alone at the house. The King is nearly dead, and finally gives Kit his blessing to marry for love, encouraging him to find the beautiful girl from the ball. Kit thanks his father and bids him a tearful farewell. Once made king, Kit immediately sends his men out to find the mystery princess so that he may marry her. All eligible women in the kingdom try on the glass slipper that Ella left behind on the palace steps, but it fits none of them. Having learned of the kingdom-wide sweep for the mystery princess, Ella rushes to her attic room to retrieve her remaining glass slipper, which she had hidden under the floorboards with her other treasured belongings. She is startled to find her stepmother waiting there for her, tauntingly displaying the slipper in her hand. Lady Tremaine finally reveals to Ella the source of her resentment: Lady Tremaine's first husband, whom she had married for love, met a premature death that forced his wife into the trials of single motherhood. After marrying Ella's father, she was left in the same predicament after his death. Despising the fact that she had to constantly look upon the beloved child of another man who had left her, Lady Tremaine channeled her rage and frustration onto Ella. Having deduced from the discovery of the slipper that Ella is the sought-after mystery princess, Lady Tremaine dashes the slipper to pieces against the wall and locks Ella in the attic alone. Lady Tremaine brings the remains of the slipper to the Grand Duke as proof that Ella, her "servant girl," is the mystery girl whom Kit loves. The treacherous Grand Duke, while feigning loyalty to Kit, had concocted a scheme with Lady Tremaine in order to force Kit to marry the Princess of Zaragosa: Lady Tremaine will keep Ella away from Kit, and in return will receive the title of Countess and prosperous marriage arrangements for her two daughters. Despite this plot, the Duke pretends to honor the new king's wishes by attending the royal guard as they search for the mystery princess. The last house in the kingdom to be visited by the royal guard is Ella's but she is still locked in her room when they arrive. Lady Tremaine shows the Captain and the Duke into the house, where Anastasia and Drisella unsuccessfully try on the intact glass slipper. The men prepare to leave, but are halted by the sound of singing from an upstairs window. Ella, in an attempt to keep her spirits up, is singing the lullaby her mother sang to her as a child. Lady Tremaine and the Grand Duke attempt to send the guards quickly on their way, but are shocked when one of the uniformed soldiers reveals himself to be King Kit in disguise. Kit orders the Captain to find the source of the singing. Lady Tremaine has no choice but to lead the Captain upstairs to Ella, but initially refuses to let Ella leave. The Captain reminds her that it is on the order of the King that Ella come downstairs. Lady Tremaine makes the shockingly false excuse that, as Ella's mother, she is only doing what is best for the girl. Ella angrily asserts that Lady Tremaine is not, and never will be, her mother. Ella follows the Captain downstairs. In the drawing room, Kit and Ella face each other as they truly are: a young king and a kindhearted farm girl. They promise to accept each other as they are. At last, Ella tries on the glass slipper, which fits perfectly and confirms her identity once and for all. Anastasia and Drisella, realizing their stepsister will soon be queen, make hasty apologies for their behavior, but Lady Tremaine is frozen with rage on the stairs. Before leaving the house with Kit and the guards, Ella offers her stepmother forgiveness. With their wicked plans found out, Lady Tremaine, Anastasia, Drisella, and the Grand Duke are all banished from the kingdom. Ella and Kit are married, excitedly embarking on their new life together, with portraits of their respective late parents hanging side by side in the palace. The fairy godmother recounts how they went on to be kind, just, and beloved rulers, and that Ella continued to see the world not as it was, but as how it could be.
tt2120120
Action,Comedy,Sci-Fi
In the summer of 1982, a young Sam Brenner rides his bicycle to the home of his best friend Will Cooper to tell him the new arcade in town is open. They spend the whole day there, with Brenner dominating almost every game while Cooper excels at the crane machine and wins a Chewbacca mask. Seeing how awesome Brenner is at games, Cooper grabs a flyer for the arcade game world championships and says Brenner should bring his skills here. At the event, the MC (Dan Aykroyd) tells everyone that a time capsule will be launched into space containing elements of the present culture. Brenner and Cooper meet Ludlow Lamonsoff, a weird but brilliant kid who's in love with Lady Lisa, the main character of the game Dojo Quest. After Brenner gets through every game, he faces hotshot gamer Eddie Plant in Donkey Kong. Eddie mentions the pattern to the game, causing Brenner to lose focus and come in second place. In the present day, the adult Brenner (Adam Sandler) works for a company that installs software. Cooper (Kevin James) is the President of the United States, and he is frequently mocked in the media, most recently for failing to read properly during a kindergarten class and yelling at a little girl. In Guam, a military base picks up a threatening signal. Alien life forms based off the designs of Galaga attack. The soldiers try to fight back but are easily taken out. One soldier (Affion Crockett) gets taken by the aliens. Brenner goes to a home to do his job. He meets a lady named Violet Van Patten (Michelle Monaghan) and her son Matty (Matt Lintz), who tells Brenner that his mom is going through a divorce. While Brenner goes to work, he hears Violet crying in the closet. He comforts her by listening to her situation, and they share wine. He thinks they're having a moment, and he goes in for a kiss but gets shut down. He then gets a call from Cooper telling him to be at the White House soon. Brenner heads to the White House with Violet close by. To his surprise, he finds out she is a Lieutenant Colonel. Cooper brings Brenner into the Oval Office to show him the Galaga aliens attacking. Later, Brenner drives his van home to find Ludlow (Josh Gad) in there. Ludlow brings Brenner back to his home where he says that the aliens are sending creatures with classic video game designs to attack. Ludlow received a message using manipulated footage of 1980's icons like Ronald Reagan and Madonna to explain their plans: since they perceived the items in the time capsule as a declaration of war, they are using the video games as a challenge, giving the people of Earth three rounds to fight back or it's game over for everyone. They also show that the soldier they took was a "trophy". They show the video to Cooper and determine that the next attack will happen in India. Sure enough, the aliens attack the Taj Mahal, and they take an Indian man as a trophy as well. Brenner and Ludlow are brought in to "train" soldiers to fight back by showing them how to play these games, to which Admiral Porter (Brian Cox) objects. Violet shows Brenner and Ludlow that the pixels are taken down by strong light beams. Cooper is with his wife Jane (Jane Krakowski) at a bakery when his assistant comes in to tell him that the next attack will happen in London. Everyone heads to London to meet with Corporal Hill (Sean Bean). The soldiers brace for attack as the creatures from Centipede attack. Brenner tells the men to shoot for the head and anticipate the pattern, but they have no luck. Brenner and Ludlow take over with permission from Cooper, and they blast away at the Centipede. The final boss makes its way into town and nearly devours a boy until Brenner blasts it away for good. The aliens send a message using the Fantasy Island guys to congratulate Earth on their victory, and they give them the Duck Hunt dog as a trophy, but remind them that they (aliens) are leading 2-1. It is learned that the next attack will happen in New York City. Needing more help, Ludlow and Cooper agree that they need someone else to help them. Brenner, Cooper, and Violet go to a prison to find Eddie (Peter Dinklage), a bitter and hardened criminal who got busted for adding charges to phone bills. He still taunts Brenner and makes self-serving demands in exchange for his help, among them a private island for himself, never paying taxes again, and a meeting with Serena Williams and Martha Stewart. Cooper agrees to let him out of prison... but only with the 'no taxes' agreement. The team goes to New York to discover that the next boss is Pac-Man. Violet presents the guys with four cars based off the ghosts in Pac-Man, with the fourth car driven by the game's creator Toru Iwatani (Denis Akiyama). When the team gets downtown Manhattan where Pac-Man is chomping through everything, Iwatani tries to appeal to Pac-Man's good side by talking to him like a father. Unfortunately, this gets his hand chomped and pixelated. The remaining three chase after Pac-Man. He eats a power pellet, giving him ten seconds to be able to eat the ghosts, and he eats Ludlow's car as he jumps out.. Eddie hits the first Pac-Man after catching up to him quickly. The second one also gets taken out by Eddie. The third causes him to drive into the water. Brenner chases him near a parking garage where Pac-Man finds another power pellet. Brenner counts down and drives backward through a parking garage. At the last second, the power pellet wears off and gives Brenner a chance to defeat Pac-Man, and they're given Q*Bert as a trophy. The team has a ball held for them as thanks for their heroics. Brenner asks Violet to be his date, and she stuns him when she arrives in a green dress. Eddie brings Serena Williams (who only showed up because she was promised an island). After Brenner spends time with Violet, the aliens send another message saying the rules have been violated, and they will launch a full-scale attack momentarily. Marty finds Eddie and sees that his shades that were fished out of the water contain cheat codes, which allowed him to beat Pac-Man and also explains how he beat Brenner in Donkey Kong. Eddie flees, and Matty is taken by the aliens as Violet watches. Q*Bert tells the heroes that the aliens were peaceful until they felt threatened by the time capsule. They realize they have to go to the ship and stop the aliens. The aliens bring down more video games upon Washington DC, including Frogger and Defendor. Brenner, Violet, and Q*Bert gear up and are joined by Cooper while Ludlow stays behind to fight. One of the aliens takes the form of Lady Lisa (Ashley Benson), to Ludlow's joy. However, she still fights him until he says he only wants to love her. She drops her swords, and they kiss. Eddie comes to fight and apologizes for ditching the team. Brenner, Violet, Cooper and Q*Bert get brought up to the ship where Brenner faces his biggest challenge... Donkey Kong. The ape rolls barrels down as the heroes try to reach Matty and the other two captives. Matty tells Brenner that Eddie cheated all those years ago, making him realize he is the true DK champ. Brenner takes the hammer and smashes the barrels before hurling it at Donkey Kong, destroying him. This causes the rest of the video games to freeze and be brought back up to the ship. Unfortunately for Ludlow, that includes Lady Lisa. The team is recognized as heroes before the White House. Cooper announces he's made a peace treaty with the aliens. Eddie apologizes to Brenner for cheating and admits he's the best in the world. Ludlow misses Lisa until Q*Bert randomly morphs into her. Brenner and Violet become a couple. Eddie then gets a text from Serena to meet him in the bedroom, along with Martha Stewart, who made sandwiches. Eddie sneaks off with excitement. The aliens leave Earth, and Iwatani's hand is restored. One year later, Ludlow has married Lisa, and they're the proud parents of five Q*Berts.
tt2322441
Drama,Romance,Thriller
Anastasia (Ana) Steele is a 22-year-old college student living in Vancouver, Washington with her wealthy best friend/roommate, Katherine (Kate) Kavanagh. They are both on the cusp of graduating from WSU, where Kate is a journalist for the college paper. She is scheduled to interview the "enigmatic CEO of Grey Enterprises Holdings, Inc," Christian Grey, who is a benefactor of the university and will hand out the diplomas at graduation. However, she comes down with the flu and gets Ana to go to Seattle to do the interview in her place. Ana reluctantly heads to Seattle to conduct the interview and is caught off guard when she comes face-to-face with the handsome 27-year-old billionaire CEO. The interview is rather awkward with Ana being rather nervous and Christian being very intense and arrogant with his responses. We learn a few things about Christian: He is a control freak, and he is adopted, and he is not gay (apparently many people think he is because he is never seen with women despite his good looks and status). He even turns the tables and starts asking Ana questions about herself, and we get a slight sense of a flirty attraction between the two. The interview ends, and Christian sees Ana out to the elevators where they part ways. Ana feels embarrassed and foolish in the way she conducted the interview, and she is also rather smitten with Christian but ignores her feelings. We meet Ana and Kate's friend, Jose Rodriguez, who is a photographer and has a crush on Ana (though she is not interested in him in that way at all). Later in the week, Ana goes to her part-time job at a hardware store called Clayton's and is surprised when Christian walks in. He says he is in town on business and needs a few things (cable ties, duct tape, rope, etc). They exchange some friendly banter, yet Ana tries to remain professional despite being totally disarmed by Christian. Paul, the son of the owner of Clayton's, comes into the store and gives Ana a rather intense hug which immediately puts Christian off. Paul retreats and Christian and Ana discuss doing a photo shoot for Kate's article the next day. Christian gives Ana his business card and tells Ana he is glad Kate wasn't able to make the interview. Ana finally accepts that she "likes" Christian, but knows that it's a "lost cause" because of who he is. Ana and Kate arrange for Jose to take photos of Christian at the Heathman Hotel in Portland. The photo shoot goes well, and Christian asks Ana to go for coffee with him afterwards. Kate and Jose are not happy about this turn of events, and Kate even feels that there's something "dangerous" about Christian and that Ana is too "innocent" to start anything with him. During their coffee date, Christian and Ana get to know each other a little more personally. He talks about his mother Grace (a doctor), father Carrick (a lawyer), older brother Elliot (construction worker), and little sister Mia (studying cooking in Paris). Ana talks a little about her mother Carla (living with husband #4 in Georgia) and her step-father Ray (lives in Montesano, her birth father died when she was young). Christian also inquires about her romantic life, asking if she is interested in either Jose or Paul, to which she declines. Ana asks Christian if he has a girlfriend to which he replies, "I don't do the girlfriend thing." As he is walking her to her car, a cyclist almost hits Ana, but Christian pulls her out of the way just in time. They embrace, and she tries to kiss him, but he refuses her and warns her to stay away from him and that he is not the right guy for her. They part ways and Ana is very hurt and tells herself that she will not be seeing him again. After final exams are over, Ana and Kate plan to celebrate that night at a bar. Unexpectedly, Ana receives a package from Christian: first-edition copies of Tess of the d'Urbervilles worth thousands of dollars. She wonders why he would send her such an expensive gift despite rejecting her. That night at the bar, Ana gets very drunk and calls Christian asking why he bought her those books. He is very surprised to hear from her, and is worried about her drunken state. She drunkenly insists on knowing his motives for sending the books while he insists on knowing exactly where she is. She vaguely tells him her location and hangs up, only to have him call back and say that he's coming to get her. Feeling sick, she goes outside with Jose, who makes a pass at her. She refuses him, and Christian arrives to break up the situation. Ana proceeds to throw up in a flower bed while Christian holds her hair back, and Jose retreats back into the bar. Christian insists on taking Ana home but makes her drink some water first. Elliot, who came with Christian, is dancing and flirting with Kate. Christian leads Ana to the dance floor, but she passes out. Ana wakes up in Christian's hotel room at the Heathman. Christian lets her know that they did not have sex, but he did undress her and sent her clothes to be cleaned because they were splattered with vomit. She showers and they discuss the events of the previous night (her drinking, Jose's advances, the expensive books, etc). He sent her the books as an apology, and because he can't seem to stay away from her despite not wanting a romantic relationship. They discuss her future plans to apply for internships and move to Seattle after graduation. She tries to tempt him to touch her, but he clearly states that he won't until he has her "written consent" and offers to take her to Seattle to his apartment to show her what he means by that. Extremely intrigued, Ana accepts. After breakfast, they leave the hotel, but not before sharing a passionate kiss in the elevator. Christian takes her home and says he will pick her up later that evening. At home, Ana tells Kate (who spent the night with Elliot) how things seem to be moving along with Christian. She goes to work at Clayton's and discovers Jose has been trying to contact her, but she decides to let him "stew" for a while. Christian picks her up after work, and they take his private helicopter, Charlie Tango, to Seattle. They arrive at his apartment building, Escala, where they have some wine, and he has Ana sign a nondisclosure agreement (NDA) so she can't say anything to anyone about what he is about to show/tell her. She signs and asks if Christian is going to "make love" to her, and he says he doesn't make love, he "fucks." He leads her to a room in his apartment and tells her that she can leave at any time if she wants to because what he is going to show her may scare her away. She insists on seeing what's inside the room, so they go inside to find that it is filled with all kinds of sex toys and bondage equipment. Christian explains that he is a Dominant (Dom), and he wants Ana to be his Submissive (Sub). If she agrees to this, there are rules she must follow, and she will surrender herself to him "in all ways." If any rules are broken, she will be "punished." Basically, Christian wants a BDSM (bondage dominance submission masochism) relationship where he can get off by controlling her, and she will be "happy" by pleasing him with her submission. Ana is taken aback by all of this; however she doesn't leave. They leave the room and discuss things further, with Christian being very business-like about everything and urging her to ask questions knowing it's a lot for her to take in. He gives her more paperwork that explains the "rules" of the Dom/Sub relationship and reveals he's had 15 submissive in the past. The paperwork also explains "hard limits," or things that are not negotiable such as sexual acts involving children or animals, fire, breath control, etc. Ana reveals that she is a virgin, which shocks Christian. He feels foolish and just "assumed" she's been with men because she is so beautiful. He takes her to his bedroom to deflower her and "make love" by having "vanilla sex" (sex without toys or anything kinky). She has her first orgasm while he is only playing with her nipples. He has sex with her twice (missionary position and doggie-style), and she thoroughly enjoys every second of it. After a short sleep, Ana finds Christian playing a sad song on his piano. He says he can't sleep because he isn't used to sleeping with anyone else. They go back to his bedroom and fall asleep together. In the morning, Ana fixes breakfast for herself and Christian while thinking about everything that has happened. Christian joins her and urges her to eat all of her breakfast (he's obsessed with Ana eating full meals all the time). She speaks to Kate on the phone who tries to get details out of her about her night with Christian, but she is coy about it and hangs up. She asks Christian if it is okay for her to discuss their sex life with Kate despite signing the NDA; however she will not mention his Red Room of Pain (her nickname for the playroom of sex toys and bondage). He says he doesn't want her to because Elliot and Kate are sleeping together, and his family knows nothing about his bondage lifestyle. He also reveals that he's never had vanilla sex before and that he actually enjoyed it. They take a bath together and fool around some more. She gives him a blow job (unbelievably, an amazing one despite it being her first time doing that), and he goes down on her and has sex with her while her hands are tied together with one of his neck ties (the gray one that's on the cover of the book). Suddenly they hear voices outside the room, one of which turns out to be Christian's mother. After throwing some clothes on, they go into the living room where Christian happily introduces Grace to Ana. Grace is glad to meet her and comments on not seeing Christian for 2 weeks, and she misses him. After a brief exchange, Grace leaves, and Christian takes a business call. Ana notices Jose has called her again, much to Christian's dismay. He gives Ana the BDSM contract and urges her to read it carefully and do internet research about BDSM so she can make a fully informed decision. They leave in his Audi R8 Spyder to go back to Portland. Christian says it's okay for Ana to discuss things with Kate (short of the BDSM stuff), but to make sure she doesn't talk to Elliot. They stop at a restaurant on the way, and they discuss his sexual past and lack of regular dating/relationship experience. Christian reveals he was seduced by his mother's friend when he was 15 years old and was her submissive for 6 years. They are still good friends to this day, and his mother has no idea about any of it. Ana is disgusted that Christian was sexually abused as a teen, but he doesn't see it that way. His relationships with his past subs dissolved due to "incompatibility" and he feels that he and Ana are very compatible and urges her to do the research in hopes that she will sign the contact and be his. Ana seems to have some reservations about the whole thing, but Christian's allure keeps her intrigued. Christian takes Ana home, and they agree to see each other again on Wednesday. Kate is eager to know the details about Ana's first sexual experience. Ana admits she's unsure about their future as a couple saying that Christian is "complicated." Kate talks about how much she's into Elliot and her upcoming family trip to Barbados. Jose calls Ana and apologizes for making a pass at her, but expresses his disdain about her seeing Christian. She promises to have coffee with him sometime soon, and they hang up. Kate and Ana pack up much of their apartment, and Ana thinks about her situation with Christian, and if she wants to pursue a sexual relationship with him. After much avoidance, she gets out the contract and reads it. The contract is extremely business-like and outlines all the rules that Ana must obey, all the sexual acts that they may engage in (which may be negotiated), and exactly what is expected by both the Dom and the Sub. The Dom will financially provide for everything and make sure the Sub is in good emotional and physical condition, and in return, the Sub will submit to every need and want the Dom has. Breaking any of the rules will result in punishment of the Dom's choosing, such as whipping or spanking. Ana tries to take it all in, still having major reservations about the whole idea of being Christian's "sex slave," but part of her finds the whole prospect thrilling and very hot. She goes to sleep dreaming of Christian. The next day, Christian sends a brand-new MacBook Pro to Ana, and also equips her with an email address so he can contact her. They send a few emails back and forth discussing their future date on Wednesday and questions about the contract. Ana goes to work at Clayton's and gets coffee with Jose on her lunch break. She forgives him for making a pass at her, and they are friends again. Later that night, Ana and Christian exchange some flirty emails and then Ana begins her internet research on BDSM. The next day, Ana decides to go for a run and think some more about the contract. As a joke, Ana emails Christian that she's "seen enough" and that "it was nice knowing you," but regrets sending it worried that Christian won't see it as a joke at all. Turns out she's right, as he shows up in her bedroom not long after claiming that her email required an in-person response to remind her just how "nice" it was to know him. He ties her to her bed with the same gray necktie again and blindfolds her with his t-shirt. After some foreplay with wine and ice, they have sex. Afterwards, they discuss his "indecent proposal" and he discloses that he was "collared" when he was a submissive to "Mrs. Robinson" (this is a nickname Ana gives to the woman that dominated Christian years ago, obviously a reference to "The Graduate"). He offers to introduce her to some of his former submissive, but she immediately refuses and is put off by the notion. He accuses her of being jealous, which upsets her and she asks him to leave. He gives her a passionate and romantic kiss before leaving and says to Ana "What are you doing to me?" He leaves and Ana starts to cry, struggling with the fact that she has strong feelings for him, but she is afraid of getting hurt if she agrees to be his submissive. Kate comforts her and says that he seems to have commitment issues. She also informs Ana that her dad called while she was with Christian to tell her that her mother can't make graduation because her husband, Bob, has a minor injury. Ana emails Christian her comments and concerns about the contract, including the following: why can't she masturbate, why can't she touch him, she's not on board with being "punished" physically, she refuses to eat from a "food list" he has provided, etc. After some emails back and forth, she goes to bed feeling troubled. The next day, Ana calls her mom to discuss Bob and how she won't be able to see Ana graduate, which Ana is okay with. She and Christian email back and forth some more, with him confirming their date for 7pm the following day which he will pick her up for. She insists on driving herself and meeting at Escala, to which he reluctantly obliges. Ana calls her step-father, Ray, and realizes how much she can't wait to see him at her graduation because he's always treated her like his real daughter and they have a special bond. Ana and Kate pack up their apartment some more and go to bed. The next day, Paul shows up at Clayton's during her shift and asks her on a date. She refuses him and makes it clear that she is seeing Christian Grey, much to his disappointment. Later, she drives to Escala and meets up with Christian at the bar. They sit in a private dining room and immediately get into a discussion about the contract. He tells her that she can walk away anytime she wants to, but once she goes, that's it. This pains her to hear. They eat oysters, and he compromises with her on several contract issues, assuring her that they will take it slow because he knows she is inexperienced. They flirt, and she realizes that if she stays any longer, they will wind up having sex in the dining room. She gets up to leave, and he embraces her and pleads with her to spend the night with him, but she refuses which frustrates him. The valet brings Ana's car around, and Christian is appalled that she is driving an old Beetle which he feels is very unsafe. She assures him that she's fine with it, and they part ways. When she gets home, she reads an email from Christian saying that he hopes she will take him up on his offer because he really wants to make it work with her. She goes to sleep, once again, crying. Ana has an erotic dream about Christian involving a braided leather riding crop. She wakes up and vaguely tells Kate about her evening. Kate reads Ana her valedictorian speech while trying to get her mind off of Christian. Ray arrives, and they go to the graduation. She sees Christian there, wearing the same gray necktie that he's tied her hands with during sex. Things get underway, and Christian makes a speech about trying to eradicate hunger around the world and that he had personally been a victim of going hungry, which shocks Ana and makes her wonder about his life before he was adopted. Diplomas are handed out, during which Christian and Ana share a brief exchange about her ignoring his emails, which puzzles her. Afterwards, Kate winds up introducing Christian to Ray as Ana's "boyfriend," much to Ana's embarrassment, however, Christian goes along with it. He and Ray have a nice conversation about fishing. We meet Kate's brother, Ethan, who just came back from Europe. Ana is not happy with Kate, but she insists that she's doing Ana a favor and that Christian just needed a push. Privately, Ana tells Christian that she wants "more" than just the BDSM stuff if they engage in any kind of relationship, which puzzles him but yet, he doesn't dismiss it. She then verbally agrees to "try" to engage in the relationship he wants, and he is thrilled. Ray and Ana go out for lunch, parting ways with Christian. Later that night, Ray drops Ana off at home, and they say their goodbyes. She discovers her cell phone is dead, and upon charging it, she discovers 2 texts from Christian from the previous night, as well as an email on her laptop, both of which hoping she was okay driving home in her Beetle. They exchange more emails, and he decides to come over so they can discuss the contract again. She decides that she will give him the expensive books back and wraps them up before his arrival. Christian arrives, and they drink fancy wine out of teacups. She tells him that she feels cheap when he buys her expensive things, but he tells her it is his pleasure to do so and that she is most certainly not cheap. They discuss more specifics in the contract (use of sex toys and such). She admits that she is very uncomfortable with the idea of being punished, but he will not negotiate it saying "it's all part of the deal." Christian makes a deal with Ana that he will try to give her more beyond the BDSM, but he still isn't sure how it will work because he doesn't know any other way to have a relationship. In return, she has to accept his graduation present to her: a red hatchback, two-door compact Audi. They have sex, with Ana getting to have all the control by being on top, and go to sleep. Upon waking, Ana tries to touch Christian's chest but he tells her not to. She asks him again why he doesn't like to be touched, and he says, "Because I'm fifty shades of fucked up." He goes on to say that he had a very rough introduction to life and doesn't want to go into detail about it. While he is getting ready to leave, he urges Ana to seek out contraception because he hates wearing condoms. Ana is sad that he is leaving and rolls her eyes at one point, which is something Christian has warned her not to do, or he will spank her. He puts her over his lap and spanks her 18 times. It's not too painful, and Ana seems to semi-enjoy the experience. Christian then has sex with her from behind and soothes the redness on her butt from the spanking with baby oil. Taylor, Christian's live-in assistant, picks him up from Ana's apartment. She feels uncomfortable with herself that she actually enjoyed the spanking and isn't sure what kind of girl she is anymore. She calls her mom and they have an emotional conversation about men, and she urges Ana to come to Georgia to visit them and get away for a while. Kate comes home and sees Ana is upset about Christian again, urging her to dump him. After some wine, Kate leaves to call Elliot and Ana emails Christian. They exchange emails about Taylor selling her Beetle, and Ana refers to herself as a girl that Christian "occasionally fucks." This angers him, and she goes on to to say that she doesn't like him very much right now because he never stays with her. She abruptly shuts off the laptop and lies in bed, crying. Not even 10 minutes later, there is a commotion of Kate yelling at someone and Christian bursts into Ana's bedroom. Kate offers to throw him out, but Ana says it's fine. He wants to know why she is upset and feels it must be something he's done (men really are oblivious). Ana feels that he is trying to change her, but he doesn't see it that way and likes her the way she is. He just needs to feel that control over her by getting her to obey him and punishing her when she doesn't. Christian points out that she was sexually aroused after the spanking, so some part of her did enjoy it. He wants them to be honest with each other for their relationship to work. He lies down in bed with her, and they sleep. In the morning, Christian wakes up and realizes he's going to be late for a meeting. He leaves Ana with a promise to see her on Sunday. Ana gets ready for her last day working at Clayton's feeling good about her relationship with Christian. She exchanges a few emails with Christian about her confused feelings about being spanked. He tells her that she shouldn't feel ashamed and that she should free her mind and her body. Later at work, she gets another delivery from Christian: a blackberry so that he can contact her even more frequently now. He sends her an email saying he's leaving for Seattle and that he will see her on Sunday at Escala. Ana and Kate finally finish packing their apartment. Taylor comes to get Ana's Beetle so he can sell it, and Ana asks him how long he's been working for Christian (4 years). He also adds that Christian is "a good man" and Ana hopes this is the truth. Jose and Elliot show up later, and Ana and Jose decide to leave Kate and Elliot alone and get a drink at a bar. Later on, Ana discovers an email, several missed calls, and a stern voicemail from Christian (she promised to email after work, but she forgot). She calls him and they talk for a bit, ending with him wishing her luck with the move tomorrow. The next day, Elliot helps Kate and Ana move into their new place in Seattle. Christian has fancy champagne delivered to them as housewarming gift. Sunday arrives, and Ana heads to Escala. Upon arriving, Christian shows her a picture that was taken of them as a couple at the graduation in the Seattle Times (she is captioned as a "friend"). Christian has scheduled for the best ob-gin in the city, Dr. Greene, to see Ana for a full examination and to prescribe her birth control pills. Before the doctor shows up, Christian invites Ana for dinner at his mother's house that evening, adding that he's never introduced a girl to his family before. Dr. Greene arrives and exams Ana, leaving her with a prescription. Christian and Ana eat lunch together and then he takes her to the playroom/Red Room of Pain. He goes into Dominant mode and starts giving her orders as to how she should act when they are in the playroom. Her hair must be braided, and she must wear nothing but her panties and sit on her knees by the door until he tells her otherwise. She does as she is told and he is pleased. They engage in some kinky sex with her being shackled from the ceiling, fondled with a riding crop, and then fucked up against a wooden cross on the wall. Despite her exhaustion, he has sex with her a second time, this time doggie-style with her hands tied together with a cable tie that he bought at Clayton's. With such excitement, Ana squirts all over Christian. After some sleep, they get ready to go to Christian's parents' house for dinner. Christian, however, pocketed Ana's panties during foreplay in the playroom and hasn't given them back. Ana decides to call his bluff and not ask for them back because he knows that's what he wants her to do, so she goes to the dinner without any panties on. Taylor drives them to the Greys' house, and they discuss Mrs. Robinson briefly (she taught Christian how to dance). They arrive, and the family greets them, including Kate, Elliot, and Mia who is back from Paris. Ana begins to feel that Christian only invited her along because Elliot invited Kate and he felt obligated. She also discloses to the family that she's planning on going to Georgia for a few days to see her mother, and Christian is obviously not thrilled about this. During dinner, they discuss various topics (Paris, Elliot's current construction job, etc) and Christian discreetly caresses Ana's thigh under the table, however, she abruptly shifts her legs away from him in response. He states he wants to show Ana the grounds and they leave the dining room together, with Christian practically dragging her across the backyard into the boathouse. She knows he's angry, but pleads with him not to spank her and instead gently touches his face and initiates a tender romantic kiss. He responds passionately but breaks away from her saying, "What are you doing to me?" He reveals that by her shifting her legs from him during dinner was her way of refusing him (no one has ever refused him before), and he found it very arousing. He's mad that she never told him about going to Georgia and he's going to have a quick, rough anal sex with her and not let her cum as punishment. After their tryst, Mia comes to find them so they can say goodbye to Elliot and Kate. Ana and Christian say their own farewells and head back to Escala. They discuss her trip to Georgia and Christian gives his blessing for her to go if it means so much to her. She says she needs time away from him and everything that has happened so she can get some clarity. Christian is worried that she is changing her mind about things, but tells her to take the time and sign the contract after Georgia. They arrive at Escala and get ready for bed. She wants him to make love to her and to be able to touch him, but he refuses. She insists on knowing more about his past so she can get to know him better, and he decides to tell her a few things after they engage in more kinky sex. He inserts 2 small metallic balls into her vagina and has her get him a glass of water (they stimulate as she walks). He spanks her a few times (for pleasure, not punishment), and they have sex. As they finally settle for sleep, Christian abruptly tells Ana that his birth mother was a crack whore who died when he was 4 years old. Ana wakes the next morning alone. She feels saddened by the new information Christian has told her and has a better understanding of why he lives an isolated life; however she still doesn't know why she can't touch him. She meets Mrs. Jones, Christian's housekeeper, in the kitchen. She finds Christian in his study, taking a business call. After his call, they have sex on his desk. He's disappointed that she still wants to go to Georgia. Later during breakfast, he offers Ana his private jet for her trip, but she refuses. They discuss her internship interview that she has scheduled that day, though she refuses to tell Christian which publishing company it's for so he won't interfere. She brings up the info he told her the previous night about his birth mother and he reveals he's never told anyone that before. He makes her promise to think about their arrangement while she is away, and they tell each other how much they'll miss each other. Ana goes to her interview at Seattle Independent Publishing (SIP). She meets Elizabeth Morgan, who is head of human resources. She is interviewed by Jack Hyde, the acquisitions editor. The interview goes well. At home, Ana and Kate discuss Christian. Kate says she thinks Christian is in love with Ana, and that Ana should confess her feelings to him, but she just isn't sure about all of it. Later, her and Christian exchange more flirty emails and she tells him that she will contact him when she is in Georgia. Kate and Ana go to the airport, and part ways to get on their flights. Ana discovers Christian has upgraded her ticket to first class. She enjoys the perks of first class despite being annoyed at Christian's stalker-ish tendencies. She sends him a few flirty emails before takeoff, and one of his responses talks about her being "bound and gagged in a crate." After landing in Georgia, Ana sends a long email to Christian about how much she is "caught up in his spell" but the "crate" comment scares her because she doesn't know if he's joking or not. She shares her complicated feelings towards him and how she needs some distance to sort them out. Ana has an emotional reunion with her mother and Bob. She texts Christian and her friends that she arrived in Georgia safely. She remembers Jose has an art gallery opening coming up and thinks about asking Christian to go with her. Later, at the beach, Ana and her mom discuss Christian and her mom gives her some good advice about men not being as complicated as women make them out to be, and that Ana should just take him literally and not over-think things. At the house, Ana unpacks and checks her email and sees Christian's reply. His response is very long, basically saying that Ana has totally disarmed him and he has never wanted to share his lifestyle more with anyone else than he does with her. He wants to make things work between them and will do whatever it takes to make her trust him and be comfortable. She realizes how much she misses him after reading it. Ana and Christian send emails to each other throughout much of the night. Christian leaves her hanging at one point, saying that he's having dinner with an old friend and he will be driving. She figures out that the "old friend" is probably Mrs. Robinson and isn't too happy. She sends Christian one last email asking him if it is Mrs. Robinson and doesn't get a response. The next day, Ana and her mother are at a bar drinking Cosmopolitans and talking more about men. Her mom gets the feeling that Ana isn't telling her everything that's bothering her about Christian. Ana finally gets a response from Christian on her Blackberry, confirming that it was Mrs. Robinson and that she is just an old friend. He also makes a remark about how many Cosmos she's drinking, and she figures out that he's there somewhere watching her. She sees him across the room, and he walks over to their table. Ana is very mad but contains herself and introduces him to her mom. They exchange some friendly banter and Carla invites him over to dinner for the next evening, and he accepts. She excuses herself to the bathroom so Ana and Christian can be alone, and they discuss Mrs. Robinson while she is gone. Ana sees her as a child molester, and Christian just doesn't see it that way and says that their sexual relationship is over, and she shouldn't be mad about him meeting up with her. He says that she was a "force for good" and that she "helped" him when he needed it the most. Ana inquires more about their past relationship and how it ended, to which Christian reveals that her husband eventually found out about them. Ana asks "Did you love her?" Just as Carla returns and the conversation ends. Christian excuses himself and tells Ana he will call her in the morning. Carla is convinced that Christian has strong feelings for Ana and urges her to go to him and see it through, considering he's flown across the country just to see her. Ana knocks on Christian's door and he opens it while taking a business call. She demands an answer to her last question, to which he says "no." She decides to stay and he is glad and notes that no one has ever been so mad at him like she has, except his family. They embrace and have wind up having sex in the bathroom, despite the fact that she has her period (it doesn't bother him). Afterwards, she notices a few burn scars on his chest that must have been from cigarettes. He assures her that Mrs. Robinson didn't make those, and defends her again saying that she kept him from going down the same path as his birth mother. He goes to her for advice about lots of things, including Ana herself. He's never had these in-depth discussions with anyone before Ana, except with his therapist, Dr. Flynn. He turns the tables and asks how she feels about their arrangement. She admits that she doesn't think she can be his submissive for entire weekends (as stated in the contract), and he agrees, saying jokingly that she's, "not a great submissive." They discuss spanking, and he tells her that she can always use a "safe word" to stop him if she can't take it. They talk some more and have sex in the bathtub. Ana admits to herself that she loves Christian. Later, they talk more about Christian's past sexual partners, to which there are many (he can't give her a specific number), and they were all submissive (however only 15 have been in the playroom). He reveals that he's paid for sex in the past, and there are BDSM places around for people to go if they want to learn and engage in the lifestyle. Ana is shocked by this and says that she can't shock him back. He reveals that she has shocked him several times (being a virgin, not wearing her underwear to his parents house, etc). He tells her that he has a surprise for her in the morning, and they go to sleep. They get up very early the next day, and he takes her to a mystery location. While in the car, the song "Toxic" by Britney Spears comes on through Christian's iPod. He says that one of his past submissive, Leila, put that song on there. Ana asks why things ended with Leila, and he says because she wanted more and he didn't. He has never wanted more, until he met Ana. He's had four long-term relationships apart from Elena (Mrs. Robinson's real name, the first time we've heard it). They all ended with Christian not wanting more, and they did, apart from one who found someone else. All of the others "just didn't work out." All of the new information boggles Ana's mind as they arrive at an airfield where Christian says they're going to "chase the dawn" by going gliding. After the trip, he gives her a romantic kiss and they head out to eat breakfast at an IHOP. He says Carrick used to take him to IHOP as a kid when his mom as away at medical conferences. They order food and Ana brings up the fact that Christian has "changed his mind" about the nature of their relationship. He thinks of it more as that they have to "redefine our parameters." She admits she was scared that he would leave her if she didn't agree to everything in the contract, and he says that he isn't going anywhere. Christian drops Ana off at her mother's house and they part ways. She tells Carla about her evening and offers to help her make a meal for Christian's visit that night. Ana emails Christian, thanking him for gliding trip, and they exchange more flirty emails. Later, Ana gets a call from Elizabeth Morgan at SIP, and they offer her an internship, and she accepts. She gets a call from Christian soon after, and he tells her that an emergency has come up in Seattle, and he has to fly back right away and will not make dinner. He says Taylor will pick her up from the airport tomorrow. Later, Ana thinks about Christian's change in attitude about wanting a more traditional relationship with her and realizes that Elena must have given him some advice about it, hence the change. She wonders if he landed safely and Seattle and emails him. They exchange more flirty banter. However, the "situation" in Seattle is not under control yet (Christian never reveals what it is). Ana flies home the next day. Taylor meets her at the airport in Seattle and drives her to Escala. She asks how Christian is, and he says he is "preoccupied." She arrives at Christian's apartment, and he immediately embraces her and takes her to the bathroom where he goes down on her, and they have sex. They take a shower together, and she tells him that she got a job, but she won't say where. She also invites him to go to Jose's photography show in Portland on Thursday, and he accepts. He washes her body, and she asks if she can do the same to him, to which he refuses and initiates sex with her again instead. Later, after eating a meal, Ana asks about the "situation," and Christian says it's "out of hand" but nothing for her to worry about. Christian requests that Ana go to the playroom in fifteen minutes. He's had a whole wardrobe of clothes bought for her, as well. She goes to her room and assumes the required submissive playroom attire (panties only) and kneels by the playroom door. Christian enters and grabs something from a drawer. He instructs her that he is going to do something very intense to her, and she will not be able to see or hear him. He takes her to the bed, braids her hair, and shows her the flogger that he's going to use on her. He reminds her of the safe words she should use if she is in pain ("yellow" to slow down, "red" to stop completely). She lies on the bed, blindfolds her, puts iPod ear buds in her ears, and ties her arms and legs (spread eagle style) to each of the four posts of the bed with leather cuffs. Beautiful music plays in her ears while Christian drags the flogger around her body to create different sensations. Eventually they have sex, and he releases her from her constraints and massages her shoulders afterwards. She asks him about what he heard her say in her sleep during their night together in Georgia, and he tells her that it was stuff about cages, strawberries, that she wanted more and that she missed him. She is relieved that it wasn't anything else, and he wonders if she is hiding something from him. Later, after sleeping, Ana wakes up and has to take her birth control pill (the time zone changes have screwed up her schedule). She finds Christian playing a sad song on his piano. She asks him when he started playing, and he says that when he was 6 years old, he threw himself into learning piano to please his new parents (Grace and Carrick). He wants to have sex on the piano, but she just wants to talk. They discuss the contract, and Christian says that the contract is pretty much obsolete at this point. She asks him to clarify what that means, and he states that he wants her to follow the rules all the time, but not the rest of the contract (unless they are in the playroom), and that he will still punish her if she breaks any of the rules. She wants to reread the rules, and he fetches her a copy of the contract to do so. After reading, Ana rolls her eyes, which has always been a rule-breaker for Christian. She realizes what she's done, and asks if he wants to spank her now, to which he obliges. However, she teases him by getting him to chase her around the kitchen. He playfully goes along with it and says that it's almost as if she doesn't want him to catch her, and she admits that's exactly what it is. She states, "I feel about punishment the way you feel about me touching you" and he is immediately saddened and horrified by this, showing just how much the notion of anyone touching him makes him fearful. Ana says she lets him spank her because he needs it, and he admits that he does need to hurt her, but nothing that she couldn't take. She wants to know why he needs to hurt her, and he says that if he tells her the reason, she will run screaming from the room and will never want to return. He doesn't want to risk losing her because he couldn't bear it and starts kissing her and begging her not to ever leave him. She senses in all of this, that Christian is lost in some private darkness and needs help. She decides to let him punish her. He is shocked and confused by this change of events, but she insists that he shows her "how much it hurts." She admits she is confused and not sure about going through with it, but at least they will both know if, once and for all, if she can handle the extent of his need for control. Christian leads Ana to the playroom and asks her to bend over a bench. She gets herself ready, mentally, telling herself that she can do this. Christian clarifies that he is going to hit her six times with a belt on the butt and that she will count each time. He tells her he is doing this because she rolled her eyes and tried to run away from her, and he doesn't want her to do that. He begins, and hits her once with the belt and it hurts a lot. With each hit from the belt, Ana is in a lot of pain and cannot control tears streaming down her face despite wanting to control herself. After the sixth and final blow, he immediately embraces her lovingly; however she pulls away and wants nothing to do with him. She calls him a "fucked-up son of a bitch" and leaves the playroom. Christian is completely shocked and does not understand. Ana cries in the other room, sad that she's in love with "fifty shades" and that this was all a wake-up call that there is no way she can be with him if she has to endure punishment like that. Christian joins her, bringing her cream and Advil for the soreness on her butt. He holds her and begs for her not to hate him, and she apologizes for the terrible thing she said. She also states that she can't be everything he wants her to be, and he disagrees, saying that she is everything he wants. She doesn't understand, saying that she isn't obedient, and she is "sure as hell" not going to let him hit her ever again like he just did. With a sudden bleak expression, he says, "You're right. I should let you go. I'm not good for you." She doesn't want to go and finally confesses that she has fallen in love with him. He is horrified by this, saying that she can't love him; that it is wrong and that he can't make her happy. She claims he does make her happy, but he says "Not at the moment, not doing what I want to do." With that, she resolves to leave him and asks for some privacy to shower and get dressed. Brokenhearted, Ana takes out a gift she got for Christian (a model kit for a glider) and leaves it for him with a note saying it reminds her of happier times. Ana and Christian are both fully dressed, and he is taking a call from Welch, his security advisor. He is clearly angry about something and asks Welch to "find her" (at this point, we don't know who "her" is). He hangs up and watches Ana unpack her MacBook, Blackberry, and Audi car keys and place them on the breakfast bar. She requests the money that Taylor got for selling her Beetle. He tries to convince her to keep all of those things, but she coldly refuses saying she wants nothing that will remind her of him. He writes her a check and offers to have Taylor take her home, and she reluctantly obliges. Before she leaves, he makes another plea for her to stay, but she refuses saying she "just can't do this." They part ways and Taylor drives her home. Once at her apartment, she curls up in her bed and cries.
tt1655441
Drama,Fantasy,Romance
Adaline Bowman (Blake Lively) is seen purchasing fake ID's at an apartment in San Francisco. The forger asks her why she chose to be 29 with her looks, she could shave off a few years. She smiles and says he's too kind. While leaving, she asks why he makes fakes ID's when he has the potential for much more. She also notes that the autographed baseballs on his desk show his real name. "It's the little things that slip you up", she says. Adaline goes home to her apartment where her dog greets her. It is seen that during her 107 years of being alive, she has raised the same dog over and over again. She notes she is late for work at the library's office of archives. While working, she opens a film reel and her life is explained. She was born on New Years Day in 1908, got married, had a child, and became a widow when her husband suffered an accident during the building of the Golden Gate Bridge. One night, an unexplainable snow begins to fall as she is driving to her parents house. She suffers a car accident/lightening strike combination that causes her to remain 29 years old forever. At first it is not noticeable, but as her daughter (Ellen Burstyn as an old woman) grows older, it becomes more apparent. One day she is pulled over by a cop, who takes away her ID as it says she is in her late 40's. She decides to move away and does a year of research at a medical college but cannot find anything to explain her condition where she cannot age. Late one rainy night, she is walking home when two FBI agents follow her. They put her in a car and try to take her on an airplane. She escapes out the trunk and decides she will spend her life on the run with a new look and identity every decade. She explains this to her daughter (now an adult) and they have a heartfelt goodbye. At present day, Adaline adds a co-signer to her account (her new identity) and has a flashback to when she first opened the account. She had invested in Xerox and it has paid off well, which explains her financial situation. She is planning to leave soon to live on a farm in Oregon. It's New Years Eve and she enters the hotel to a party. On the wall is a picture of her with friends and its clearly from many decades ago. She stares at it and moves on to find her friend who is playing the piano for a party. Her friend is blind and jokes to Adaline that they're cougars as only young men go after her (her friend assumes they're both old ladies). A young man walks up to Adaline and she quickly pins him, Sherlock Holmes style. From his expensive heirloom watch to the paint on his hands, she knows hes an artist who comes from a wealthy family. As they make small talk, Ellis Jones (Michael Huisman) walks in the room. They have a moment of eye contact until a brunette kisses Ellis on the cheek and Adaline looks away. At midnight, she walks out of the room and calls her daughter. Her daughter sings happy birthday on the phone and confirms lunch the next day. A young man walks up to Adaline and tries a smooth line about kissing a stranger at midnight. He asks if shes heard it before and she says yes, from a young Bing Crosby-type. She says goodbye to her friend and walks to the elevator. Before the elevator closes, Ellis pushes his hand to open it and they ride down together. He tries to smooth talk her and fails. She politely turns him down all the way to her taxi. The next day at work, her co-workers mention a generous benefactor is coming by to donate some books. Surprise, its Ellis! He brings her books that have flowers in the name (alluding to their elevator conversation). Apparently, he's seen her before at board meetings and knew she worked there. He asks her to be in the photograph they're doing for publicity and she quickly says no, she doesn't like being photographed. He suggests a date instead and she says no. He then says he'll withdraw his donation if she declines the date. In the next scene, they are in the tunnels beneath San Francisco. They found a boat. He tells her a great deal about himself and then asks about her. All she is willing to say is "I have a dog". As they leave, he offers to tell her a joke and if she laughs then she has to go out with him again. He tells a terrible joke and she laughs. Adaline goes to Ellis' apartment for the next date where they have hot dogs, wine, and listen to jazz. They spend the night together. The next morning, Ellis is on the phone having trouble with a work call in Portuguese. (He majored in mathematics and discovered an algorithm. Ellis friend figured out how to make money off it so they split the profits and his friend is off in Fiji while Ellis is a philanthropist.) Adaline rapidly fires off some Portuguese on his phone and leaves. Somewhere in there is a scene between her and her daughter, who could look like Adaline's grandmother. She talks about having trouble getting up stairs and wants to move to a retirement home in Arizona. Adaline is upset and says she planned on moving to Oregon so they could see each other more. Her daughter urges Adaline to stop running, as the people who were interested in catching her have long since passed away. Adaline also has a flashback to an unknown man. He is fiddling with an engagement ring. She doesn't go to meet him. Presumably because of this memory, she doesn't respond to any of Ellis' calls. He shows up her cheap apartment in Chinatown and she freaks out, demanding to know how he found her address. She brushes him off. While looking through old photographs, she has a change of heart. Shes clearly very lonely. During this time, she has had to put her dog down. She goes back to Ellis work to apologize. They go on a date to an old covered drive-in movie theater. She explains the history as if she was there (which she was). They drink wine and look at the stars on the ceiling. He asks her to attend his parents 40 year anniversary party and she says yes. On the way there, she drives as if she has nine lives (as a joke) and picks up his sister. They enter his home and she is greeted by William Jones (Harrison Ford), who immediately calls her Adaline. She says that was her mother. He's very shaken and says they were very close. The next morning William cant stop talking about Adaline which makes his wife a little annoyed. There's another flashback which explains how they met. Adaline was having car trouble while she was living in England and he was a soldier studying medicine overseas. They both returned to America together. She pushed William to follow his dream of astronomy instead of medicine (he was afraid of running out of time). He was the one with the engagement ring. He describes things about Adaline that Ellis picks up on, such as her interest in languages and driving skills. That night, they play trivia. William is on a 47 game winning streak. Adaline pretends to not know an answer but after a diss by Ellis she goes all out and wins. The family jokes that they didn't know what would happen first, Williams loss in trivia or the arrival of Della a meteor he predicted would come (it never arrived) and also Adaline's nickname. The day of the party, everyone is out doing things. Adaline talks to William and he notices a scar on her left hand a scar from stitches he made while they were hiking (its not explained how her scar doesn't heal or how her hair grows or details like that if shes immortal). He rummages through an old shed to find a picture to make sure he isn't crazy. (Yep, same scar.) He runs after her, asking her if this is the reason she left him. She says yes. He begs her not to run but she says she doesn't know how. She runs back to the house, writes a note to Ellis, packs, grabs his car keys and leaves. Ellis comes home and is confused. William doesn't explain anything. Ellis drives his dad's car to chase after her. Adaline is driving in the woods when she stops. She calls her daughter and they have a moment. She decides she will stop running. As she turns the car around, a tow truck plows into her and drives off. Inexplicably, snow begins falling again. Ellis pulls up and sees what's happening. An ambulance takes her to the hospital. She wakes up to Ellis and decides to come clean. Her daughter arrives, sees Ellis, and says "I'm her grandmother." Adaline tells her he knows and she cries with joy and hugs him. One year later, Ellis and Adaline are going to a New Years Eve party. Adaline suggests her daughter to go out but she has a date night in (another puppy). Before leaving, Adaline checks the mirror and does a double take. She plucks a gray hair, a sign of aging. Apparently, a combination of the defribilator and hypothermia have restored her humanity. Also, Della the meteor arrives. It's 50 years too late, but it shines brighter than ever.
tt0825283
Action,Adventure,Comedy
"Congratulations. The fact that you're reading this means that you've taken one giant step closer to surviving till your next birthday. Yes you, sitting there reading this book. DO NOT PUT IT DOWN. I'm dead serious. Your life could depend on it. This is my story. The story of my family, but it could just as easily be your story, too. We're ALL IN THIS TOGETHER. Trust me on that. I've never done anything like this, so I'm gonna jump in, and you try to keep up. I'm Max. I'm 14. I live with my family, who are five kids not related to me by blood but still totally my family. We're... well, kind of amazing, not to sound too full of myself, but we're like nothing you've ever seen before. Basically, we're pretty cool. Nice. Smart. But NOT average in ANY way. The six of us, Me, Fang, Iggy, Nudge, The Gasman, and Angel, were made on purpose, by the sickest, most HORRIBLE scientists you could possibly imagine. They created us as an experiment, an experiment where we only ended up 98% human. That other 2% has had a BIG impact, lemme tell you. We grew up in a science lab slash prison, called the School. In cages. Like lab rats. It's pretty amazing that we can think or speak at all, but we can. And so much more. There was one other School experiment that made it past infancy. Part Human, part wolf, ALL PREDATOR, they're called Erasers. They're tough, smart, and hard to control. They look human but, when they want to, they are capable of morphing into wolf MEN complete with fur, fangs, and claws. The School uses them as Guards, Police, and executioners. To them, we're six moving targets, prey smart enough to be a fun challenge. Basically, they want to rip our throats out... and make sure the world never finds out about us, but I'm not lying down just yet. I'm telling YOU, right? This story could be about you. Or your children. Not today. Soon. So please, PLEASE take this seriously. I'm risking everything that matters by telling you, but you need to know. Keep listening. Don't let anyone stop you." Maximum Ride is a story about six kids: Max, 14. Fang, 14. Iggy, 14. Nudge, 11. The Gasman (don't ask why) is 8, and Angel is 6. They were created by the sickest scientists you'll ever meet - but consider yourself lucky if you don't. They turned out 98% humans. Oh, the other 2%? They're birds. Yep. They can fly - with real wings! A man, Jeb Batchelder, captured them from the School, the place they were created in, four years ago. Two years ago, he disappeared. They all knew he had been killed, and they're on a mission to find their parents, to find out if they were test-tube babies (which they weren't). Max also has to try and save the world while escaping from Lupine-Humans, a.k.a. Erasers. They're wolf-creatures who can also fly. They have razor-sharp fangs and claws. Ari, Jeb Batchelder's son, was turned into an Eraser when he was three. He's seven now. Jeb is also alive. Shocker, I know. Now the flock is running around the world, NYC, LA, Germany, Antarctica, Africa, you never know.
tt4154756
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
SPOILER: Thanos and his Children - Proxima Midnight, Ebony Maw, Corvus Glaive and Cull Obsidian - have attacked Thor's Asgardian ship in search of the Space Stone, which is housed in the Tesseract that Loki had stolen before Asgard's destruction. With Thanos already possessing the Power Stone after decimating Xandar, Thanos' army swiftly defeats the Asgardians. After a futile counter-attack from the Hulk, Loki offers the Tesseract to Thanos in exchange for Thor's life - only to be killed himself when Thanos anticipates Loki's attempt to betray and kill him. Moments before Glaive kills him, Heimdall uses the power of the Bifrost to send Hulk to Earth. Thanos and his Children then depart just after Thanos uses the Power stone to destroy the ship, leaving a mourning Thor behind and stranded in space. Hulk crash lands at the Sanctum Sanctorum in New York City and is reverts back to Bruce Banner, who informs Stephen Strange and Wong about Thanos' impending arrival. Strange and Banner contact Tony Stark and brief him about the Infinity Stones and Thanos. Realizing they must find Vision to protect the Mind Stone embedded in his head, Stark realizes he must make contact with Steve Rogers to find Vision, who has gone off the grid with Wanda Maximoff. Just then, Maw and Obsidian arrive in New York to seize the Time Stone from Strange, and Stark, Strange, Wong and Peter Parker confront them. Having been traumatized by his defeat at the hands of Thanos, Banner finds himself unable to transform into the Hulk and help in the battle. Maw incapacitates and captures Strange; Stark and Parker pursue his spaceship off Earth while Wong stays behind to protect the Sanctorum. Banner contacts the rest of the Avengers. In Scotland, where Wanda Maximoff and Vision have been hiding, the two are ambushed by Midnight and Glaive, but Steve Rogers, Natasha Romanoff and Sam Wilson fight them off. They decide to seek shelter in the Avengers Facility in Upstate New York, where they meet James Rhodes, who is once again mobile with bionic leg braces. Vision proposes that Maximoff destroy the Stone in his forehead to keep Thanos from retrieving it. Wanda immediately refuses however Rogers suggests that they travel to the one place that has the technology to safely remove the stone from Vision without killing him: Wakanda. Thor is rescued by the Guardians of the Galaxy, who had picked up the Asgardian ship's distress call. Thor guesses that Thanos would next be after the Reality Stone, which is in the possession of the Collector in Knowhere, but first he must retrieve a new weapon capable of killing Thanos from the dwarven planet of Nidavellir, where the only forge that can create such a weapon exists. Thor orders Rocket with him to Nidavellir, while Peter Quill, Gamora, Drax and Mantis travel to Knowhere. On the way there, Gamora talks to Quill, making him promise to kill her if the situation presents itself. Quill reluctantly promises he will. In Knowhere, Thanos ambushes the Guardians, having already retrieved the Reality Stone and created an illusion of an intact Knowhere to trap them. He captures Gamora after a crucial moment when Gamora begs Quill to kill her, using the Space Stone to escape. Thanos reveals that he knows that Gamora already knows the location of the Soul Stone after prying information from a tortured Nebula. Nebula escapes and signals the remaining Guardians to meet her on Titan, Thanos' home world. Thanos and Gamora travel to the planet of the Soul Stone, Vormir, where the Red Skull, the Stone's keeper, informs him that retrieving the Stone carries a heavy price: it can only be retrieved by sacrificing the life of someone he truly loves. Despite his reluctance, Thanos tearfully throws Gamora off a tall cliff to her death and is granted the Soul Stone. Stark and Parker rescue Strange from Maw's torture chamber, and launch Maw out of the ship, killing him. Strange believes they should retreat to protect the Time Stone but Stark disagrees; he believes they should take the fight to Thanos instead of retreating like they've done in the past. The three leave to confront Thanos on Titan, where they meet Quill, Drax and Mantis and formulate a plan to remove Thanos' gauntlet. While discussing their tactics, Strange uses the Time Stone to view alternate futures, telling them he'd seen 14,000,605 of them, with only one where the Avengers win. Thanos teleports to Titan, where, after a brief conversation with Strange meant to distract him, the group engage Thanos hand-to-hand and manage to subdue him. Mantis is able to calm Thanos while Peter and Tony attempt to pry the gauntlet from his arm. Quill and Nebula, who'd arrived on Titan during the battle, deduce that Gamora is dead; an enraged Quill retaliates, hitting Thanos and breaking the group's hold on him. Thanos takes the gauntlet back and defeats the group, threatening to kill Stark unless Strange gives him the Time Stone. Strange does so and tells Tony they've "entered the end game." Thanos adds the stone to his gauntlet and departs Titan. Thor, Rocket and Groot arrive at an abandoned and desolate Nidavellir. Thor is puzzled that the giant forge is inactive. The giant dwarf Eitri tells them that Thanos forced the dwarves to create his gauntlet; in return, Thanos killed all the dwarves except for Eitri. After laboring to reactivate the forge and reignite the neutron star that powers it, the four create Stormbreaker, a battle axe that serves as Thor's new weapon and grants him the power of the Bifrost. Meanwhile, the Avengers arrive in Wakanda and task Shuri with safely extracting the Mind Stone from Vision. Thanos' Outrider army arrives and begins attacking Wakanda, and the Avengers, alongside the united Wakandan armies led by King T'Challa, mount a defense against Thanos' forces. Glaive infiltrates Shuri's lab and attacks Vision. The Outriders begin overwhelming the defending armies before Thor, Rocket and Groot arrive to join the battle. The tide seems to be turning for the Avengers, Midnight, Obsidian and Glaive are killed, but Thanos arrives for the Mind Stone. A tearful Maximoff destroys the still-implanted Mind Stone in Vision to prevent Thanos from retrieving it, but Thanos uses the Time Stone to reverse the event and pry out the Mind Stone from Vision, killing him again. Thor attacks and drives Stormbreaker into Thanos' chest, but Thanos survives long enough to snap his fingers with the gauntlet. On a faraway world he finds Gamora as a child. When he confirms that he achieved his goal, she asks him what it cost. His answer is "Everything." Back on Earth, Thor looks on in horror as Thanos, his gauntlet now battered from the effort and his left arm and part of his chest burned, teleports away. Thanos' goal of eradicating half of all life in the universe comes to fruition as people begin disintegrating; Bucky Barnes, Groot, Peter Parker, Quill, Dr Strange, T'Challa, Sam Wilson, Drax, Mantis and Wanda Maximoff all dissolve into ash. In Wakanda, only Rogers, Thor, Banner, Romanoff, James Rhodes, Rocket, Okoye and M'Baku remain of the heroes. On Titan, only Nebula and Stark are left alive. Thanos awakens fully healed on another lush, green planet and serenely watches the sunset, smiling slightly, satisfied at having achieved his ultimate goal. In a post-credits scene, the Earth is in chaos as people begin dissolving into ash; driverless cars crash on the street and a helicopter is seen crashing into a skyscraper and exploding. Former S.H.I.E.L.D. Director Nick Fury and Deputy Director Maria Hill witness the scene on the street before they dissolve themselves. Before he vanishes, Fury manages to send a final distress signal to Captain Marvel.
tt2261331
Adventure,Drama,Thriller
Salvage submarine captain Robinson got sacked by his company. His fellow Kurston talks of a wreck of a lifetime, a downed Nazi sub in the Black Sea which was carrying blackmailed Soviet gold. They get a private backer and Robinson asks for a crew of twelve men, half Brits and half Russians. Robinson and Kurston make their list, reluctantly accepting their colorful attitudes. They get their ride, a rust heap of a sub, in Sevastopol and then get going, diving soon enough so to avoid detection from the Russian Black Sea fleet. The backer insist that his banker Daniels tag along the ride. Soon the crews attitudes become a clear ticking time bomb as the British psychopathic diver Fraser picks a fight with the Russians and accidentally kills Kurston, the only one apparent interpreter between them. The ensuing engine malfunction rocks the sub, knocking Robinsons head rendering him unconscious for eighteen hours. The two sides have the sub under a stand off, until Robinson braves the gap and speaks with the Russian cartographer Morozov, who all this time concealed his ability to speak English. Robinson wins the crew with a fragile truce, only because they are now downed near the target sub. With sonar down, the crew rely only on the Russian radioman Babas ability to measure distance from hearing the crews manual pings. Robinson then sends Fraser, Peters, and the newbie Tobin to go out to the target sub to reconnoiter. But the three instead hauls the whole four tons of gold back to their ship, with the throw back of having Peters fall down to his death to a ravine. The crew figure out that it needs exactly their number to run the sub, which means that even Daniels has to a part. Terrified by the prospect of death, Daniels reveal a dark truth that almost reignites the crews volatility. Robinson gains his crew again by saying that Kurston and Peters lives must be honored by going on with the quest and going home rich. But soon Robinsons decision to put the coward Daniels in the same place as Fraser is wrong, since Daniels succeeds in influencing Fraser to kill the Russian engine man Zaitsev. The engine goes south, water leaks in and quickly drowns the men, and only Robinson, Tobin and Morozov survives in the torpedo room. Robinson insist on them to go to the surface through the tubes with surfacing suits, as he operates the tube mechanisms. He then surfaces the last suit with some of the gold.
tt4154796
Action,Adventure,Drama
In the opening, Clint Barton is teaching his daughter archery on his secluded farm while his wife prepares a picnic lunch for them. Suddenly, Clint's daughter vanishes and the rest of Clint's family disintegrates, along with half of all life across the universe, the result of Thanos' snapping his fingers after acquiring all six Infinity Stones. Nebula and Tony Stark are stranded in space following their defeat by Thanos on Titan, but are returned to Earth by Carol Danvers and reunited with Natasha Romanoff, Bruce Banner, Steve Rogers, Rocket, Thor, and James Rhodes. The team formulates a plan to steal the Infinity Stones back from Thanos and use them to reverse his actions, but learn upon finding him that he had used the stones a second time to destroy them, preventing their further use. He tells the remaining Avengers that he did so to avoid using the Stones for further nefarious purposes. Enraged, Thor cuts off Thanos' head, saying it's what he should have done in Wakanda. Five years later, Scott Lang escapes from the quantum realm to discover that his daughter Cassie is now a teenager and that Hope van Dyne, along with half of the population, has disappeared in the snap. Rogers has been leading grief counseling sessions for survivors still struggling with the effects of the snap, while Romanoff is tirelessly keeping watch over both Earth and the rest of the universe with the help of Rhodes, Danvers, Okoye, Rocket, and Nebula. Lang goes to Romanoff and Rogers, and explains that while five years had passed for them, only five hours had passed for him in the quantum realm and the difference in time factors there. The three go to Stark, who is now raising a child with Pepper Potts, and explain their theory that the quantum realm can be used to go back in time and steal the Infinity Stones before Thanos is able to collect them. Stark initially rejects their proposal with concern about risking his family and the peace he has found, but after reflecting upon the loss of Peter Parker decides to test theoretical models that would work with Lang's quantum tunnel, eventually finding one that works. With Stark now on board with the plan, the remaining Avengers set out to reassemble their team. Bruce Banner has now embraced the Hulk as a part of him, and has melded his own consciousness and the Hulk's together into one. Romanoff, after hearing reports from Rhodes of an assassin that operates with similar methods to Barton, goes the Japan to track him down. Barton, consumed with grief after the loss of his family, has been operating under the mantle "Ronin" while brutally massacring cartels and gangs in order to try and improve the world that's still left. Natasha finds him in Japan and after some convincing, he agrees to rejoin the team in order to try and bring his family back. Banner and Rocket go to the small town of New Asgard, where Valkyrie and the last survivors of Asgard have settled. They there find Thor, who has become overwhelmed by guilt over failing to kill Thanos in Wakanda. Thor has become overweight, his hair and beard are overgrown, and he spends his free time eating junk food, getting drunk, and playing Fortnite with his friends Korg and Miek. Thor begrudgingly agrees to return to the Avengers after some convincing from Rocket and Banner. After testing the quantum time machine on Barton, who confirms that it works, The Avengers are reunited with a plan - Banner, Rogers, Lang, and Stark embark to retrieve the Time, Mind, and Space stones during the battle of New York in 2012. Banner goes to the Sanctum Sanctorum, where he is informed by the Ancient One that taking the Time Stone from her time line would prevent Stephen Strange's future efforts to stop Kaecilius from destroying the laws of nature. She eventually concedes the Time Stone to Banner after he informs her that Strange had given Thanos the stone in his time line, implying Strange had intended for a specific sequence of events to occur for Thanos to be defeated. Banner also promises the stones' return to their proper time lines in order to prevent any ill effects. Lang and Stark attempt to steal the Space Stone after the Avengers confiscate it from Loki. Lang gives Stark's past self a cardiac arrest by pulling a circuit in his artificial heart, while Stark steals the briefcase housing the Tesseract when nobody is looking. Their plan is thwarted when Stark drops the briefcase after he is accidentally hit by the Hulk. Loki then steals the Space Stone and uses it to escape custody. Rogers succeeds in stealing the Mind Stone from undercover Hydra agents, but stumbles across his past self, who mistakes him for a disguised Loki. After defeating past-Steve, Rogers meets back up with Stark and Lang, who now must figure out another way to get the Space Stone without running out of the limited supply of Pym Particles that allow them to travel through the quantum realm. Lang returns to the present with the Mind Stone while Rogers and Stark devise a plan to steal the Space Stone from a U.S. Army installation in the 1970s, while stealing further vials of Pym Particles in order to make the journey back home. While there, Rogers sights Peggy Carter and Stark has an meaningful conversation with his father Howard. Rocket and Thor travel to Asgard to retrieve the Reality Stone before Malekith uses it against the Nine Realms. While in Asgard, Thor is reminded that his mother, Frigga, would die soon and has a chance encounter with her while Rocket steals the Aether, the vaporized version of the Reality Stone, from Jane Foster. The two return to Earth after Frigga counsels Thor and he retrieves his hammer Mjolnor, elated to discover that he is still worthy of it. Nebula and Rhodes travel to Morag to steal the Power Stone before Peter Quill does. As Rhodes returns to the present with the Power Stone, Nebula malfunctions and remains on Morag. With two consciousnesses operating on Nebula's systems, Thanos and Ebony Maw discover the presence of future Nebula and go to kidnap her. Nebula realizes what has happened and tries to warn the others, but is too late. Thanos scans her memories and discovers the Avengers' plan, and sends the more loyal past Nebula back to the present as a spy. Barton and Romanoff travel to Vormir to retrieve the Soul Stone, though are conflicted when Red Skull, keeper of the Soul Stone, informs them that the stone can only be retrieved by sacrificing someone they love. The two fight over which will make the sacrifice, with Romanoff ultimately taking the fall, while a distraught Barton returns to Earth with the Soul Stone. After everyone has returned to the present on Earth, Stark, Rocket, and Banner set out to craft a gauntlet to wield the stones, one constructed from the same nanotech of Stark's latest Iron Man suit. Banner volunteers himself to wield the gauntlet and bring back everyone that disappeared in Thanos's snap, reasoning that he can withstand both the gamma radiation and the immense pain brought on by using the stones. He succeeds, though they are almost immediately attacked by Thanos, who has been brought to Earth by the impostor Nebula, destroying the quantum portal in the process. Thanos reduces the Avengers headquarters to rubble, splitting the team up and causing the gauntlet to fall into Barton's protection. The past Nebula is killed by her future self as she attempts to take the Infinity Stones from Barton, while Rogers, Thor, and Stark confront Thanos, who decides he will instead use the Infinity Stones to destroy the universe and create one in his vision. The three fight Thanos one on one, with Rogers confirming Thor's theory that he is worthy of wielding Mjolnor, but are each bested by Thanos. Soon after Thanos' army lands on Earth, T'Challa appears before Rogers, along with all of the Avengers and other allies revived by Banner, before launching an assault on Thanos and his army. After a lengthy battle during which Stark is reunited with Parker and Quill is reunited with past Gamora, Thanos wrestles with numerous Avengers for the Infinity Stones. When he's bound by Wanda Maximoff's energy, Thanos orders Glaive to have his ship fire multiple energy blasts, nearly devastating the Avengers' efforts. Captain Marvel reappears, taking out Thanos' ship while fighting for control of the gauntlet. Using the nanotech from the new gauntlet, Stark maneuvers the Infinity Stones from Thanos' hand to his own and uses them to turn Thanos and his entire army into dust, triumphantly stating "I am Iron Man." Parker and Potts console Stark as he dies from exposure to the Stones' radiation. Following the battle, The Avengers hold a funeral for Stark, whose Mark I arc reactor is floated out on the lake next to his house. Barton and Wanda Maximoff take solace in the fact that Romanoff and Vision, who did not return in the snap, would be proud of their victory over Thanos. Thor makes Valkyrie the Queen of Asgard and joins the Guardians of the Galaxy in order to find his true purpose, free of the burden of royalty and leadership for the first time in his life. Barton returns home to his family and Parker returns to school, where he is reunited with his best friend Ned. Meanwhile, Rogers is tasked to go into the past to return the stones and Thor's hammer to their original time lines, but decides not to return to the present and to instead live the rest of his life in the past with Carter. He reappears before Sam Wilson and Bucky Barnes as an old man, and passes his shield and the mantle of Captain America on to Wilson. A brief flashback shows Rogers and Carter finally sharing the dance they never got to have in their living room, truly happy at last.
tt3110958
Action,Adventure,Comedy
New Jersey, 1984 The magician Lionel Shrike (Richard Laing) is set to perform a trick in which he attempts to escape from a safe as it is dropped into the river. Thaddeus Bradley (Morgan Freeman) is reporting on the event, claiming it can't be done. Lionel's son Dylan (William Henderson) runs to his dad, expressing doubts over the trick. Lionel assures Dylan he'll be out in five minutes. Lionel gets in the safe and it's dropped in the water. Five minutes pass, and Lionel never resurfaces. People begin to panic, and Dylan tries running toward the water, but he is held back by authorities. We see a video from Thaddeus in the present as he sits in his prison cell. He mentions the magic society known as The Eye, and how The Horsemen will get what's coming to them. New York City, Present Day. The Horsemen have been hiding out for a year since their last heist show. Since then, Henley Reeves has left the group. J. Daniel Atlas (Jesse Eisenberg) is walking through a tunnel that leads him into a room. A voice speaks to Danny, claiming to be part of The Eye, the underground consortium of magic and illusion. Danny is sick of hiding out and not having made progress over the past year, but the voice tries to assure Danny that things are about to pay off. Meanwhile, Dylan Shrike (now played by Mark Ruffalo) is still playing out his own act as an agent by pretending to be on the trail of The Horsemen, despite being their mole. He talks to new agent Natalie Austin (Sanaa Lathan) and senior agent Cowan (David Warshofsky) about the trail he's picked up, but they think he's full of crap. Danny returns to his apartment to find a woman named Lula May (Lizzy Caplan) on his couch. He triggers a set-up that makes it look like Lula gets decapitated on his couch, but Danny knows it's a trick. She appears behind him and starts saying what she knows about The Horsemen. Danny recognizes her from a show she performed ages ago in which she pulled a hat out of a rabbit (you read it right). He tries tying her up, but when his back is turned, Lula disappears. Danny is summoned to meet with the rest of The Horsemen. Merritt McKinney (Woody Harrelson) and Jack Wilder (Dave Franco) are practicing throwing cards, while Jack thinks he's gotten the hang of hypnotism (he hasn't). The three go to their meeting place to find Dylan and Lula together, as she is now part of the group. Dylan says it's time for their next show to go on. The plan is to sabotage a launch for the tech program Octa, and to expose the company's CEO Owen Case (Ben Lamb) for being a fraud and taking the information of his consumers. The Horsemen get to the launch site in New York while disguised as employees. They set up the trap with cameras, and Merritt hypnotizes Owen into walking into a room where he will openly broadcast his deceit. The show begins, with Danny, Lula, and Merritt taking the stage and the audience taking The Horsemen's reappearance as a big surprise. Suddenly, Dylan finds a fool tarot card in his booklet. Before The Horsemen can perform any tricks, however, their own show is sabotaged as a distorted voice begins to speak. The voice starts to expose the secrets of The Horsemen, namely that Jack is still alive and that Dylan is their mole. This happens as Natalie, Cowan, and other FBI agents show up. They begin to arrest Dylan, but he uncuffs himself and cuffs the agents together. The Horsemen all run to the roof of the building to escape. They slide down a chute, thinking they will land in a truck that gets them out of there. However, they end up in the kitchen of a Chinese food restaurant. To their bewilderment, they have somehow ended up in Macau. To add even more confusion, The Horsemen discover that this was partially orchestrated by Merritt's twin brother Chase (also Woody Harrelson in a duo role). A group of armed thugs take The Horsemen away in vans. Dylan gets a phone call from Thaddeus, still speaking as though he is going to exact his revenge. Dylan later uses Cowan's ID to get into Thaddeus's prison cell and eventually set him free as he helps him figure out what happened with The Horsemen. The Horsemen ride with Chase to their next destination. Chase and Merritt explain that were once a brotherly duo that performed together, until Merritt went off and made a name for himself, leaving Chase kicked to the curb. Chase says that he once disguised himself as a pizza delivery guy and hypnotized Merritt before stealing his information along with that of the other three Horsemen. The thugs bring The Horsemen into a building and take it up to the penthouse where they meet Walter Mabry (Daniel Radcliffe), Owen's former partner that was believed to have died a year earlier. Walter faked his death (which he claims to have gotten from Jack) after Owen had him declared unstable when Owen stole Walter's plans and took credit for their work. Walter also explains how The Horsemen ended up in China - they were put to sleep as they slid down the chutes and were flown out to Macau while unconscious. Walter then states that he wants The Horsemen to pull off a heist in which they are to infiltrate an underground facility and steal a memory stick that would allow people like Owen to gather information on many people. Lula, Merritt, and Jack all refuse, but Danny agrees to it. The next day, The Horsemen go to what is said to be the oldest magic shop in the world. They meet a man named Li (Jay Chou) and his grandmother Bu Bu (Tsai Chin). Li provides The Horsemen with the materials they need to pull off their heist. Dylan and Thaddeus fly out to Macau to find The Horsemen. Thaddeus knows that Dylan had been plotting revenge on him after believing Thaddeus goaded Lionel into performing the trick that took his life, leaving Dylan still angered. When the two arrive, they visit the same magic shop and speak to Bu Bu and Li in regards to what they know about The Horsemen. Thaddeus walks into a sarcophagus and disappears, leaving Dylan with only a note that says "Your move". The Horsemen must first meet a South African gangster at a casino before he guides them to the facility where they will find the stick. They are brought there in disguise as researchers. Creating diversions, Jack gets the stick and attaches it to a playing card. The Horsemen get inspected individually, while constantly trying to keep the card hidden from view. After a long inspection, they are cleared to get out. Knowing the stick would set off the metal detector, Danny creates another distraction to allow Merritt to throw the card to Lula without detection. Danny waits for someone to pick up the stick, but when Walter shows up with his thugs, Danny learns that he's being double-crossed. Walter's thugs hit Danny as Walter demands the stick, but Dylan appears and makes it seem like he grabbed the card from Danny, leading the thugs to chase after Dylan. After taking out most of the thugs, Dylan runs into Chase, who distracts him long enough for Walter to show up and knock Dylan unconscious. Dylan is brought onto a boat. Walter knows about Dylan's desire to avenge his father, which Walter states is something that he relates to, as this is part of his plan. His father turns out to be Arthur Tressler (Michael Caine), the same man that Dylan aided The Horsemen in screwing over after Tressler's company denied Dylan's mother a claim after Lionel's death. Tressler coldly dismisses this and proceeds to have Dylan placed into a safe. They drop the safe into the river, confident that Dylan will drown. As the villains leave, Dylan manages to pick the lock open, but he loses consciousness before he can resurface. Thankfully, The Horsemen figured out where he was, and Danny pulls him up. Tressler gets into his limo and sits next to Thaddeus, as he apparently helped in getting back at Dylan and The Horsemen. After resuscitating Dylan, The Horsemen take him to their hideout. They discover that the card they have with the stick is fake, meaning they may have lost it at some point when Danny and Dylan were attacked. Feeling despaired, they are then met by Li and Bu Bu, who reveal that they are part of The Eye and have been watching The Horsemen for a while. They realize that they need to put on a show to expose Walter and Tressler. They begin to set up their plan. The Horsemen head to London to put on their show. First, Jack does a set up in front of a small crowd of people where he takes three volunteers (two jacks and a queen) to hide behind three large cards while people try to guess where the queen went. Next, Lula does a performance involving doves. Then, Danny is gathered in front of a large crowd where it appears to be raining, leading him to act as though he is manipulating the water. The FBI head in toward London to find The Horsemen, while Walter, Tressler, and Chase are all tracking their locations as well, noticing that they are all located in a pattern. Chase finds Merritt and deduces that he is headed toward Greenwich. Feeling that they are in trouble, Dylan calls The Horsemen together to meet at their rendezvous point. Meanwhile, the FBI have managed to apprehend Thaddeus. Dylan and The Horsemen are caught by Walter's goons and taken to his plane. As they take off, Chase suggests that they throw them all off the plane. One by one, the five are thrown off the plane. As Walter and Tressler drink to celebrate, they notice something tastes wrong with their champagne. Tressler then peels off the sticker and sees a fool card. The plane stops, and they look outside to see The Horsemen waving at them. The villains get off the plane and see that the entire thing was staged. Thousands of Londoners are gathered around the Thames to watch the show, which is also streaming around the world. The Horsemen then elaborate on how the show was set up, using help from Li and other willing participants, leading them to a fake hangar that made the villains think they took off. Jack also managed to hypnotize Chase when he bumped into him moments earlier into planning to throw The Horsemen off the plane. They expose Walter and Tressler to the public, along with Chase, leading to the three of them getting arrested. Natalie confronts Dylan for his deceit, though he claims he's still the same guy she looked up to when she started working for the FBI. He hands her the stick with all the incriminating evidence, and he vanishes. Not long after, Dylan and The Horsemen are taken to a building belonging to The Eye. Dylan enters a room and finds pictures of his father, including one of him with Thaddeus. Thaddeus emerges (he escaped custody) and explains that he and Lionel were partners whose act was pretending to be rivals. He has always felt remorse over what happened to Lionel, but he is proud of the magician Dylan grew up to be. Dylan appears to forgive Thaddeus, and he asks what happens now. Thaddeus says he should find a successor, just as Danny and the other three walk in. Thaddeus walks out, but not before telling the five to pay no mind to the curtain in the room. They end up walking to the curtain and find a door behind it. This leads them toward a spiral staircase. They walk down to see whatever happens to be at the bottom, and the film suddenly ends.
tt3799694
Action,Comedy,Crime
The setting is the city of Los Angeles, California in the year 1977. A young boy, Bobby (Ty Simpkins) sneaks into his father's room and takes out a porno magazine from under his bed. Bobby checks out the centerfold, adult film star Misty Mountains (Murielle Telio). In the distance, a car rolls down a hill. The car then crashes through Bobby's house and out into a ditch. He runs outside to check it out. A young woman is sprawled out nude a few feet from the car. It's Misty. She sees Bobby and asks "How do ya like my car, big boy?" before she dies. Bobby takes his shirt off and covers Misty. In the next scene, we meet enforcer Jackson Healy (Russell Crowe). He follows a man that has been seeing a 13-year-old girl and smoking pot with her. When the girl leaves the man's house, Healy knocks on the door and then slugs the man square in the face, then tells her to stay away from young girls. Private Investigator Holland March (Ryan Gosling) is sitting in his bathtub full of water wearing a nice suit. He has "You will never be happy" written on his hand. He lives with his daughter Holly (Angourie Rice) after his wife passed away, and he has become an alcoholic. As a PI, March doesn't get the best jobs. He meets with an old woman who claims her husband is missing. March notices an urn over the fireplace with her husband's name on it (and his ashes inside it). Healy meets a teenage girl named Amelia (Margaret Qualley). She gives him March's name and address on a pink note shaped like a cow. March is looking for Amelia because he was hired by a woman, Mrs. Glenn (Lois Smith), to find her niece, Misty. Mrs. Glenn claims to have seen Misty appearing at her window in a pinstripe jacket, despite March insisting that Misty is dead and that she really saw Amelia. March goes to a bar to ask around, but the bartender threatens him with a bat. Later, March tries to break in through the backdoor, but he cuts his wrist badly and has to go to the hospital. Healy goes to March's house and punches him in the face, then kicks him in the stomach. He tells March to stay away from Amelia. March goes for the cookie jar to get his gun, but Healy knocks it out of his hand and then breaks March's arm. On his way out, Healy meets Holly, claiming to be a friend of her dad. She gives him a bottle of chocolate Yoohoo. Healy goes home and is attacked by two men, known only as "Older Guy" (Keith David) and "Blueface" (Beau Knapp). They are looking for Amelia as well. Blueface goes into the next room to look for some money that Healy was holding, only to get sprayed with blue dye (hence his name). Blueface shoots at Healy, but Healy escapes. March is at a bowling alley with Holly and her friends for her birthday. Healy approaches him in the bathroom, but March is prepared with a gun. The two sit down to talk about Amelia. March explains his case to Healy and demands a nice cut of the pay if he's gonna let Healy work with him on this. Healy agrees. Healy and March walk by the Department of Justice building and come across a group of protesters lying on the ground, claiming the air is polluted and killing them. The group was organized by Amelia, so March figures she will be there. Some of the protesters tell them that Amelia isn't there. March offers $20 to anyone who will help. A guy named Chet (Jack Kilmer) joins the two and takes them to the home of Amelia's boyfriend Dean. The house has been burnt down. A kid on a bike passes by and asks for $20 to give up information. He knows Amelia and says she was with a guy named "Sid Hatrack", and that they made an "experimental" movie together. Healy and March drive by a billboard for a "Pinocchio" porno produced film by Sid Shadduck, the man that the kid mentioned. After getting his information, the two attend a party at Shadduck's with many porn stars in attendance. Holly tags along by stowing away in the trunk of March's car, but he sends her away in a cab. Healy and March go around looking for information on Amelia. Healy goes into a room with costumes and a film reel titled, "How do ya like my car, big boy?", along with a pinstripe jacket and a pink cow note with what looks like flight information. He finds Holly in a room with a porn star watching a porno. Meanwhile, March is really drunk and ends up stumbling down a hill where he loses his gun. He sees Amelia, and she sees him, but he's too drunk to notice it's her. He finds his gun and then tries to light a cigarette, and his lighter illuminates a dead man's body. March calls Healy over to check it out. Healy goes through the man's pockets and learns that this is Sid Shadduck. March says they need to get rid of the body in case Amelia tried to place him since he said he lost his gun out loud. The two dump Shadduck's body over a fence, where it crashes onto the table of a wedding reception, horrifying everyone. Holly comes across another porn star who knows she's been asking about Amelia. She guides Holly to a limo where she gets trapped with Blueface. Simultaneously, Healy runs into Older Guy. The two fight as Older Guy tries to shoot Healy, but Healy gets the upper hand and lets him live after he beats him down. Blueface sees Amelia and opens the door to shoot at her, but Holly slams the door on his hand and yells at Amelia to run before making her own getaway. March shows up after they left, but the valet tells him that Holly was in the black car. March steals a car and chases after it. Holly and Amelia both end up cornered in the middle of the road by Blueface. A van drives by and slams into Blueface. Amelia is ready to run but Holly wants to help Blueface as he is suffering. Amelia flees and Holly goes to get help. Healy shows up and finds Blueface. He threatens Healy with the fact that someone called "John Boy" is going to find him and kill him. Healy then chokes Blueface to death before Holly returns. March drives by and runs to his daughter. Not long after, the paramedics show up, along with a detective named Tally (Yaya Dacosta). A limo pulls up to Healy and March. It is Judith Kuttner (Kim Basinger), head of the Department of Justice. She says she's Amelia's mother. Healy and March sit with Kuttner in her office. She explains that the Vegas mob is trying to push their porn industry to L.A., and Amelia is involved because of the "experimental" movie she did with Shadduck, which Kuttner thinks is the result of her lashing out. Dean was murdered in his home as it burnt down so that the movie would be destroyed. She hires Healy and March to find her. Back at March's house, March is lying on the diving board above his pool. Healy comes by, and March asks him why Tally earlier referred to him as "the guy from the diner". Healy recounts a story from a year earlier when a man in a diner was threatening people with a shotgun. Healy stepped in and intervened, causing him to get shot in the arm, but he still managed to beat the crap out of the assailant. It cost Healy a lot in hospital bills, but he claims it was the best day of his life. He then sees that March fell asleep. Healy then drives away and spots Holly reading a book in a dark field. He approaches her and learns that her mother died as a result of a gas leak explosion, which March didn't detect because he has no sense of smell. Holly asks Healy if he killed Blueface. He denies it. The next morning, Healy and March get ready to continue working, but March is already drinking. Holly calls him out on being a fuck-up and the worst detective ever. Healy mentions the information on the note he found at Shadduck's house, knowing it was written by Amelia. March deduces that the writing isn't for a flight, but for an apartment building. The two drive out to the location, but the building was torn down two years before. They then pass by the Airport Hotel, and the information was for a room number. Healy and March go into the hotel and ask the bartender if he saw Amelia enter the hotel. After Healy slams his face onto the counter, the bartender says he did see Amelia go upstairs in an elevator, and that "John Boy" may be up there as well. After the two debate on going up there, they take the elevator to the floor where Amelia may be. They find a dying man with his throat cut, and then a man being shot repeatedly until he falls out the window. Healy and March decide to go down. They go back to the car, and March thinks Amelia is dead. To their surprise, she lands feet-first on the car. She tries to shoot at them, but the recoil knocks her off her feet and she goes unconscious. The guys bring Amelia back to March's home, where Holly is watching TV with her friend Jessica (Daisy Tahan). After Amelia wakes up, she tells them the truth - her mother is behind the murders as a result of the film Amelia made to protest the air pollution from car companies, and Kuttner is doing whatever it takes to stop that film from being shown. The guys then get a call from Tally, who asks them to make a drop with a briefcase full of money. March mentions that Amelia is there, and Tally says she'll send the family doctor over. Healy and March get the money, but March falls asleep at the wheel and dreams that Healy shows off an ankle gun while a giant killer bee (Hannibal Buress - him again!) is in the back smoking a cigarette. Healy snaps March out of it, but they end up crashing against water barrels, causing the briefcase to fall out and spill the contents everywhere. It's not money, but a bunch of paper clippings. Back home, Holly answers the door to find a man (Matt Bomer) claiming to be the family doctor to see Amelia. However, Holly quickly figures that this is John Boy. She goes to the cookie jar and takes out her dad's gun. John Boy threatens to cut Holly with his knife. Jessica tries to intervene, but John Boy throws her through the window. The guys make it home as John Boy leaves. He takes a gun out of his trunk and shoots at them. March runs to grab Jessica and brings her in the house. He puts her in the closet to hide with Holly and Amelia. Holly gives March his gun back. Healy shoots at John Boy and runs inside for protection. John Boy flees as he hears police sirens approaching. Amelia escapes out the window and runs into the street. She flags down a car and asks for help. Unfortunately, this is John Boy's car. He shoots Amelia dead and leaves her in the street. Healy, March, and Holly all feel terrible after Amelia's murder. But a big break in the case happens when Mrs. Glenn reappears. She once again insists that she saw Misty wearing a pinstripe jacket by her window. When Healy mentions he saw that same jacket at Shadduck's house, March gets the idea to go to Mrs. Glenn's house. They see a projector pointed at the window, and Healy mentions seeing the reel for the film at Shadduck's, meaning Mrs. Glenn only saw Misty through the image projected on her window. Mrs. Glenn breaks down because she knows Misty really is dead. The guys realize that there was a second reel, and Amelia was planning on showing it to distributors on that very day at a party. The guys and Holly attend the party. John Boy and other goons are there to find the film and destroy it. They all learn that Chet is the projectionist. John Boy approaches him and asks where the film is. Healy later finds Chet beaten nearly half to death in a dumpster. The guys find the room with the projector, but they are cornered by Tally. Holly shows up pretending to be room service and throws coffee in Tally's face, but it's cold and does nothing to her. Tally ends up slipping and knocks herself unconscious, allowing the guys and Holly to get away. Outside, Holly overhears Older Guy talking to John Boy about their plan. Older Guy spots Holly and brings her back to March at gunpoint on the roof of the hotel. March tells Holly to duck and he whacks Older Guy over the head. March grabs Older Guy's gun and shoots him three times. He tries to grab Holly as he falls, but March pulls her away and falls off the roof. March lands in the pool while Older Guy splatters on the concrete. The film starts playing for the whole party to see. It features Misty's character speaking against the head of the car company, Bergen Paulsen (Gil Gerard). Paulsen sees it and orders his men to find the film. Holly finds the film first as Tally wakes up. Holly rolls it out the window, leading Healy, March, and the villains to go after it. After a long chase, March ends up with the film, while Healy fights John Boy. Holly walks in on Healy strangling John Boy. She vows to never speak to him again if he kills John Boy. Healy lets go and only knocks John Boy's lights out. The police show up moments later. Healy and March go to the Department of Justice building to confront Kuttner one last time. She shows no remorse for her daughter's death, and while she knows she's going to jail, she promises that someone worse than her will be in charge next. Later on, March goes to meet Holly and Healy at a restaurant. He sits with Healy at the bar where they discuss their case, and March thinks that they'll be driving electric cars within five years. He then tells Healy that they have another case, in which a woman thinks her husband is sleeping with Linda Carter (possibly Wonder Woman, possibly not). March has even come up with a name for their agency: "The Nice Guys".
tt2106651
Action,Mystery,Sci-Fi
DARPA researcher Dr. Mark Clyne is flown to Moldova, where the US military is currently deployed in the ongoing Moldovan War, as his expertise is required regarding a line of hyperspectral imaging goggles of his design that have been issued to troops there. After arriving at a US Military Air Base on the outskirts of Chisinau, he meets with General Orland and CIA officer Fran Madison. He is shown footage captured by the troops' goggles of a mysterious, translucent, humanoid apparition that kills almost instantly. Knowing it is not interference, Orland wants Clyne's expert opinion before forwarding the findings and footage to his superiors. Conversely, Madison believes the sightings to be members of the insurgency wearing an advanced form of active camouflage and has orders from her superiors to retrieve a sample. To get a clearer shot of the anomalies and identify them, both Clyne and Madison are sent into the field with a team of Delta Force operators, who are being sent to find Utah team, who went missing the day before. To capture a better image of the apparitions, Clyne mounts a large version of the hyper spectral camera onto one of the armored personnel carriers. Upon arriving at the location and discovering all of Utah team has been killed, they are ambushed by the apparitions, who, being impervious to small arms fire and explosives, inflict heavy casualties before the soldiers retreat. When their vehicles are rendered inoperable by landmines, the group takes cover in an abandoned factory, where they find two children barricaded. The apparitions attempt to follow them but are stopped by a barrier of iron shavings. The children share that their father scattered the shavings to protect his children before he was killed. The survivors make contact with the air base and a rendezvous is set up. Clyne modifies the hyper spectral camera, turning it into a large searchlight, which enables the group to see the apparitions without the need for goggles. Later, he supplies the unit with IEDs laced with iron shavings. Fortified with these new weapons, the group sets out for the rendezvous point, about a half-mile away from the factory. After exiting the factory, the group is chased by apparitions, who are slowed but not destroyed by the iron explosives. The group is met by reinforcements and a helicopter e-vac at a large abandoned plaza. However, they are ambushed by the apparitions and are barely able to escape as the figures proceed to destroy the tanks and kill the soldiers sent as backup. In the air, they receive word from Orland the apparitions have overrun the Air Base, so they are redirected to a civilian bunker controlled by the allied Moldovan military. Clyne theorizes the apparitions are likely man-made and are made of Bose-Einstein condensate, which explains their ability to move through walls, freeze people to death, and why they are halted by iron shavings and ceramic materials (hence their inability to enter tanks). Working overnight with Orland and surviving military engineers, he constructs several makeshift pulse weapons capable of breaking down the condensate. The next morning, the remaining American soldiers are armed with the weapons and sent to a power plant in the center of the city, as Clyne believes it is the only facility capable of generating the power needed to create the condensate. While the soldiers mount an offensive on the roof of the plant, Clyne and Madison discover a recently abandoned laboratory inside. They deduce that scientists, working in weapons research for the former regime, were scanning humans on a molecular level and using advanced 3D printing to replicate them in condensate form. The human test subjects' brains and central nervous systems were then removed and hooked up to a central machine which keeps the condensate copies or "apparitions" alive. Before the apparitions emerge victorious in their battle with the soldiers, Clyne activates a failsafe system, which deactivates the condensate apparitions. Believing that whatever level of consciousness remaining is in pain, he unplugs the human remains from the machine, finally giving them peace. With the apparitions gone, the US and Allied Moldovan military work to continue to take control of the city from the insurgents, and a Department of Defense extraction team is to be sent back to the plant with the Delta Force operators to take the machinery apart and potentially use it for their own purposes. Saying goodbye to Madison and General Orland, Clyne boards an aircraft to be taken back home to Virginia.
tt2126355
Action,Adventure,Drama
The film opens with the girl, Natalie (Morgan Griffin), driving through the cliff of San Fernando Valley, 16 miles (25.75 kms) north of Los Angeles, when suddenly the rock slides onto the car, causing it to fall then hang into the edge of cliff. Moments later, Los Angeles Fire Department helicopter-pilot Chief Raymond "Ray" Gaines (Dwayne Johnson) and his other colleagues comes to rescue the girl trapped in the car. Ray safely rescues the girl moments before the car falls into the cliff. In CALTECH, Dr. Kim Park (Will Yun Lee) receives a data of minor earthquakes in Falco, Nevada and shows it to his collegue and seismologist Lawrence Hayes (Paul Giamatti). The minor quakes measure 2.0 to 2.6. Hayes is curious of why such a minor quakes can produce even there are no faults in Nevada. Hayes and Park decide to go to Nevada to test the theory. While Ray is calling for his daughter, Blake (Alexandra Daddario), for the upcoming trip to San Francisco, he receives a divorce papers. Recently, he is divorced from his estranged wife Emma (Carla Gugino) and she is now with his new boyfriend Daniel Riddick (Ioan Gruffudd). Meanwhile, at the Hoover Dam, along with Hayes, Park is now testing a magnetic pulse of quake. Suddenly, his device detects a sudden spike pulse then a stronger earthquake triggers. It measures 7.0 - highest ever recorded. As the dam starting to break, Park struggles to escape while Hayes tells the people, still on the dam, to get out. Park now exits the dam facility, however when he sees a girl - staying beside the dam while crying - he carries her out. After rescuing the girl, Park is impaled by a rod in his right foot. The dam completely crumbles and Park is killed. The disaster leads to the flooding in towns and the earthquake was the strongest and destructive ever recorded in Nevada's history. Back to California, Ray arrives at his family house for planning what to do for the trip. After that, Ray is back to work for another mission: rescue the disaster victims in Nevada. Daniel and Blake head to San Francisco for a meeting. While Daniel is having a meeting, Blake meets an English guy named Ben Taylor (Hugo Johnstone-Burt) - having an interview - and his brother, Ollie (Art Parkinson). In CALTECH, the reporter, Serena (Archie Panjabi) arrived and wants to interview Hayes about what happen in Nevada. Hayes states that they didn't know that there was any fault line in there. He says that they can predict an earthquake just like they did along with Park. One of his colleague interrupts Hayes and he presents him the data showing the pulse rates where detected on the entire San Andreas fault. The pulse rates were higher than Nevada. Hayes then explains to them on why the earthquake triggered in Nevada even there are no fault line: his theory is to draw a fault line near Nevada and it connects to the end of the fault boundary. Hayes predicts that the whole San Andreas might go off. In Los Angeles, Emma is having a lunch with Daniel's sister, Susan, in a high rise restaurant. After some conversation with Susan, Emma answers a call from Ray, in the helicopter en route for maintenance. Ray apologizes Emma for what he did the other day. Their phone conversation is interrupted by the strong earthquake. Emma tells to Ray that they're having an earthquake and he also notice that the freeway is crumbling in the process. Ray instructs Emma to get to the roof for rescue. According to the CALTECH, the first major earthquake peaked at 8.5 and later 9.1. Not only in Los Angeles, but the whole California and the quake is heading to San Francisco where Blake and Daniel are there. While the ensuing destructive earthquake, the people inside the building panic in terror; others are injured. Emma told Susan to get to the roof together, but she goes to the exit, only she is killed in a crumbling floor. Emma made it to the roof, with the floor and the surrounding structures crumbling in the process. Emma manage to recover and emerges from the rubble. Finally, Ray rescues Emma and barely escapes as the surrounding structures collapse. The whole city is now completely devastated. Meanwhile in San Francisco, after Ben has the interview, Blake borrows Ollie's book to write her number in it for Ben to call her. As Blake and Daniel drive inside the parking lot, the earthquake hits. They manages to escape but the floor collapses ahead and they become trapped. The debris crushes the driver, making the driver's seat to stuck Blake's leg. Daniel leaves her for help. As Daniel calls for help, the debris falls near to him and kills a security guard. Because of this, he flees in terror instead of saving Blake. Ben and Ollie are struggling to save her as the debris above her continues to press the roof. By using the screw jack to lift the debris out, Blake is still stuck but at least the driver's seat pushes away a bit. When Ben pops the tires, finally they rescue her. The trio get out of the building as the aftershock continues. The trio decides to go to the electronic store in order for her to contact with her family. Blake, Ben and Ollie goes to the electronic store. Blake found the phone and she calls her parents that she's okay. Also, she tells them that Daniel left him. This makes Emma angry and she leaves an intimidating message to Daniel's voicemail. Ray advises Blake that they will need to get out immediately and they will go to Coit Tower as rendezvous. Ray and Emma quickly heads to San Francisco to save her. Meanwhile, Daniel is walking through the crowd in the street when suddenly a strong earthquake hits again. The structure ahead the crowd collapses. In order to save himself, Daniel steals the safe spot of one of its victims. The victim is swept away by the debris. When Ray and Emma are en route to the city, the helicopter's engine fails, forcing them to make a crash landing into the superstore in Bakersfield. As they try to steal the vehicle, which is already stolen, the perpetrator aims the gun to him but he manage to subdue the perpetrator and then they drive away. With the help of Serena, Hayes is able to warn the others, through the news coverage, of a much bigger earthquake in San Francisco. He tells the people of San Francisco to get out now, and their lives depends on it. After Ray and Emma obtain the vehicle, they drive out when they see an old couple warns that them to stop their vehicle - it is the now-opened San Andreas fault rendering the road impassable. They drive it back to the old couple who happen to own an airplane. In exchange for their stolen vehicle, Ray and Emma manage to fly their plane to San Francisco. While on the plane, Ray recaps about what happen with their daughter, Mallory, who died in a rafting accident. Ray regrets because he did not save his daughter. That's why Emma stays harder with Blake and that's the reason of Emma and Ray getting divorce. Then they fly to San Francisco Blake, Ben and Ollie, walking through the streets of crowd, head to Coit Tower for their meeting place, but it is already engulfed in flames. So, they change the plan by going to the highest ground which is Nob Hill in order to signal her family. Ray and Emma make it to San Francisco but they cannot land the plane because the airport has a lot of cracks and scattered planes. Ray has no choice but they will sky dive to the stadium - still standing - leaving the plane to crash into the Pacific Ocean as long as it runs out the fuel. Meanwhile, Blake, Ben and Ollie are walking through the deserted street when the strong earthquake hits. The earthquake measures 9.6, the largest recorded in the history. Blake and Ollie quickly get into the side of the street but Ben goes to the opposite side. The glass shard, coming from the building, pricks Ben's leg. The remaining still standing structures destroy, ground ruptures, suspension bridge crumbles, etc. At the same time, Ray manages to tell other people to get the side of the stadium safely and the higher beams nearly crashes them - but all of them are safe. After the earthquake, Blake carefully removes the glass shard from Ben's leg and then they move to the highest ground. Ray and Emma drive in the boat to the city where they see Coit Tower is on fire. He knows that Blake has gone somewhere else. They notice that the water recedes quickly, which means that the tsunami is about to hit the city. As the trio receives the tsunami warning from the radio, it is too late for them to head to the highest ground. So, the trio quickly heads to the Daniel's unfinished building. Ray and Emma, in the boat, and the other boats manage to drive into the giant tidal wave. They almost made it through but they almost hit a cargo ship, that is carried by tidal wave. Daniel, is still on the Golden Gate Bridge, and is crushed by loose ship container, killing him. The cargo ship slices the Golden Gate Bridge in half and the tidal wave continues to hit the city. Sadly, most of the people, still on the ground, don't make it. The trio is in now in the building when the tidal wave hits. Ray and Emma drive through the devastated town to find Blake. Blake and Ollie sees her parents riding in the boat but they don't see them. Ollie then uses the laser pointer - that he obtained from the electronics store - to attract her parents. Now the parents sees them inside the building, but before can save them, the building starts to sink into the ground. Blake is separated from the two brothers as they made it up to the floor. Blake is now trapped inside as the water continues to rise up. Ray manages to rescue his daughter, only the exits are jammed. Blake then apparently dies from drowning and Ray struggles to get her out. Ray then tries to resuscitate Blake, but as the building is going to collapse, Emma drives through the window and they quickly get out as the building finally collapses completely. Once outside, after Ray tried to revive Blake, she's now back to her life and finally reunites with her family. Later, the five make it to a relief in Marin County. The family along with Ben and Ollie watch the sunset, on the destroyed and radically altered geography of the San Francisco Bay Area, and they talk about the future. They also see an American flag is wave to the now-destroyed Golden Gate Bridge.
tt3450958
Action,Adventure,Drama
In this third version of the Planet of the Apes film, it has been 15 years since the ALZ-113 virus - also known by the human survivors as as the Simian Flu - spread across the globe killing billions of people (Rise of the Planet of the Apes), leading to a rise of intelligent apes. Their leader, the chimpanzee Caesar (Andy Serkis), had tried to maintain peace between the apes and humans, until the chip Koba (Toby Kebbell) betrayed the apes and brought on the dawn of a new conflict (Dawn of the Planet of the Apes). Now, Caesar and his clan are hiding out in a command base in the Muir Woods while a ruthless Special Forces Colonel of the military faction Alpha-Omega is out to get them. The humans and apes are now caught up in all-out war. A team of soldiers quietly move through the woods to locate the apes. They are being helped by an ape named Red (Ty Olsson), whom the soldiers refer to as "Donkey". Red and another ape loyal to Koba look out for the command base. The soldiers launch their attack on the base by opening fire, but the apes retaliate with great force, hurling spears and shooting at soldiers as they ride on horses. Red, along with several surviving soldiers, are captured. Caesar decides to spare them and send them back to their camp unharmed to send the message that the apes are peaceful. Red, meanwhile, escapes from the hold of Winter (Aleks Paunovic) and runs back to the camp. Caesar's son Blue Eyes (Max Lloyd-Jones) returns home to his family and his mate Lake (Sara Canning). Caesar rejoins his wife Cornelia (Judy Greer) and youngest son Cornelius (Devyn Dalton). Caesar and his friends discuss a plan to move the clan away from the woods and toward a new home. That night as the apes are asleep, several Alpha-Omega soldiers, led by Colonel McCullough (Woody Harrelson), stalk the command base. The soldiers are killed, but McCullough shoots and kills Cornelia and Blue Eyes, having intended to kill Caesar. Caesar finds his family dead and leaps after McCullough as he gets away through the waterfall. McCullough then severs the rope and lets Caesar fall. Caesar returns to his base and has the other apes search for Cornelius. Thankfully, Caesar finds him safe. He places his son in Lake's care as he heads off to find McCullough while the rest of the apes head toward the desert in search of their new home. Caesar is followed by orangutan Maurice (Karin Konoval), chimp Rocket (Terry Notary), and gorilla Luca (Michael Adamthwaite). Caesar refuses to allow them to join him, but they insist as they want to protect their leader. The apes continue heading forward. They encounter a lone man who attempts to shoot them, but Caesar kills him first. They enter his home and find a little girl - later named Nova - (Amiah Miller) lying in bed. Although she appears frightened, Maurice gently hands her a doll. Nova tries to speak but is unable to. The apes proceed to continue their journey, but Nova steps out and sees the dead man (he was possibly her father). Despite Caesar saying they cannot take her, Maurice says he cannot leave her there either. The four apes come across a military camp. They find Winter, who has defected to the humans' side after Red promised he would be spared if Winter let him go, which lead Red to tell McCullough where to find the apes. Caesar interrogates Winter and learns that McCullough and his army are talking about heading toward a border. The apes then see that the humans are close. Caesar puts his hand over Winter's mouth to keep him quiet, and he ends up leaving him unconscious. At night, Caesar has a nightmare about Koba, who appears bloody and more scarred than before. He repeats to Caesar his final words - "Ape not kill ape." The apes and Nova pass through the snowy mountains. They find the bodies of three soldiers shot in the snow. One of them is still alive but is slowly dying. Caesar asks him why he was shot, but the soldier cannot speak just like Nova. Maurice points out that the man will die of his wounds, so Caesar puts him out of his misery. As the apes are looking around the area, a small creature in a jacket steals a rifle and one of the horses. The apes chase after the creature until they corner it in an abandoned building. It is a small ape, known as Bad Ape (Steve Zahn). He offers his jacket to Nova, seeing that she is cold. Bad Ape is capable of speech like Caesar. He tells Caesar that he lived in a zoo before the Simian Flu struck, and he got his name from what the humans always yelled at him. Bad Ape gives the group food that is labeled "California Border". Caesar asks where the food came from, and Bad Ape says it came from a "human zoo" (quarantine camp). Once the apes reach the military camp, they are attacked by a soldier. Luca kills the solider but is also mortally wounded in the process. Luca tells Caesar that at least he was able to protect him this time. Even Nova cries for Luca as he had shown her kindness before. Caesar tells the others that this is why he wanted to come alone. Maurice tells Caesar that his hatred for the Colonel is making him like Koba. Caesar heads toward the camp at night by himself, only to find two captured apes hung up on a mountain overlooking the camp. One ape tells Caesar that the ape clan has been captured and are being forced to work. Red then appears behind Caesar and knocks him out with the butt of his rifle. Caesar wakes up to find himself face-to-face with McCullough. Caesar tells him he came for him after he killed Caesar's family. McCullough gives an insincere apology and says he meant to kill Caesar. Caesar is put to work with the rest of his captured apes. He sees Lake and Cornelius in a separate cage, with the little ape helplessly calling out for his father. The apes are then forced to work to build a wall, despite being starved and dehydrated. One ape is then whipped by Red, with Caesar yelling at him to stop. Caesar is whipped in his place. McCullough demands that Caesar tell the apes to continue working even as Caesar pleads for him to give them food and water. McCullough kills one ape and prepares to kill more, but Lake and the other apes continue to work for Caesar's sake. Red and a soldier called Preacher (Gabriel Chavarria) escort Caesar to McCullough's office in chains. Caesar once again tells the Colonel to give the apes food and water. He tells McCullough that he has no mercy. The Colonel verbally hits back that Caesar had shown up with the intention to kill him, but Caesar responds that he did show mercy by sparing his soldiers. McCullough then tells Caesar about his son, who was a soldier in his army until he was affected by the Simian Flu and began to lose his voice, along with other soldiers. McCullough killed his son and those soldiers as he knew they were regressing into a primitive state. He then explains that the wall is meant for another military force that is coming for him to put an end to his radicalized faction. The captured apes are finally given food and water, except for Caesar. He has another hallucination of Koba, who tells Caesar to join him. Meanwhile in the distance, Maurice, Rocket, Bad Ape, and Nova are seeing what's going on in the camp. Nova walks into the camp and approaches Caesar's cage. She gives him food and water, as well as the doll that Maurice gave her. The soldiers are approaching, and, fearing that they will kill Nova, Rocket steps in as a distraction to allow her to get away. The soldiers capture Rocket and McCullough picks up Nova's doll, which is now stained with blood. Maurice and Bad Ape find a way to sneak into the camp via an underground tunnel. They proceed to dig through but stop when they hit a water source, fearing it will flood the tunnel. They manage to seal off that part to prevent the flooding. Caesar and Rocket work together to find a way to make it to the other cage to save the ape children while Maurice and Bad Ape dig their way to the camp. Rocket creates a diversion by flinging poo at one of the guards before Bad Ape pulls him underground. The apes get the children out and make it through the tunnel to get away from the camp. Caesar embraces Cornelius upon seeing him again. Before leaving, Caesar admits to Rocket that he is like Koba because he cannot let go of his hatred for the Colonel. He heads back to McCullough's office to finish his mission. Soon, the rival military force begins attacking the camp, launching rockets at the soldiers while they fire back. Caesar makes it to McCullough's office and finds him drunk. He tries to speak but he has lost his voice too. Caesar grabs a gun, and the Colonel takes Caesar's hand to hold it to his head, ready for Caesar to pull the trigger. However, Caesar cannot bring himself to do so. McCullough grabs the gun and shoots himself in the head. In the midst of the chaos, the other apes have gotten away while Caesar tries to rejoin them. He grabs a grenade belt and tries to throw one at a leaking fuel tank, but he is shot with an arrow by Preacher. Red sees this as one of the soldiers is demanding a grenade launcher from him. Red turns on the humans and fires a grenade at Preacher before he finishes Caesar. Red is then shot dead after redeeming himself. Caesar grabs the grenade and finishes the job, destroying the tank and blowing up the whole facility as he gets away through the tunnel. Caesar reaches the apes as the other militants cheer the fall of Alpha-Omega's camp. Some soldiers spot Caesar and are prepared to shoot him until an avalanche starts coming down. Caesar and the others apes (plus Nova on Maurice's back) climb up the trees to safety while the avalanche wipes out all the remaining soldiers. The apes and Nova then continue on their journey to a new home until they finally reach a new land that the apes are happy with. Caesar and Maurice watch as the apes are celebrating their freedom, but Maurice notices Caesar's arrow wound. Knowing that he is going to die, Caesar asks Maurice to make sure Cornelius is protected. Maurice assures him that his son will know who he was and what he did for his family. With that, Caesar passes away in peace.
tt3371366
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
This fifth Transformers film opens in England during the Dark Ages. King Arthur (Liam Garrigan) and his knights are all in the middle of an epic battle, but their side is losing and being crushed by gigantic fireballs. Arthur awaits his last hope, his chief adviser and wizard Merlin (Stanley Tucci), to save them. The other knights dismiss Merlin as nothing more than a drunk. After downing his drink, Merlin finds a Cybertronian Knight and asks for his help in the fight. The Knight presents Merlin with a powerful staff that will allow him to control Dragonstorm. Merlin wields the staff, which brings Dragonstorm down to help Arthur and his army lay waste to their enemies. In the present day, Optimus Prime (voice of Peter Cullen) has been lost in his mission to seek out his creators. He is seen floating through space while frozen. On planet Earth, the Transformers have been deemed illegal since the battle in Hong Kong (in the fourth film). Most of the Autobots have gone into hiding, with Topspin hiding out somewhere in Cuba with Agent Simmons (John Turturro). The Transformers Reaction Force, led by Santos (Santiago Cabrera), has been active for the last few years to eliminate any Transformers they come across. A NASA engineer (Tony Hale) detects something heading toward Earth in a matter of three days. It's the planet Cybertron. In Chicago, a group of kids run toward the city's ruins and find a pod containing a Cybertronian Knight. Moments later, a TRF sentinel stomps around and attacks the kids. The sentinel is destroyed by an Autobot named Canopy, belonging to a young girl named Izabella (Isabela Moner), who also takes care of a little Autobot named Sqweeks (voice of Reno Wilson). A TRF drone then strikes Canopy down. Despite Izabella pleading with Canopy to stay strong, he dies. Bumblebee then arrives to take out the drone. He is followed by Cade Yeager (Mark Wahlberg), who has been in hiding for siding with the Autobots. Not long after, Santos and his men show up to try and apprehend Cade. Bumblebee splits himself into multiple pieces to fight back against the TRF agents. Cade then has Santos pinned to the ground with a gun aimed at him, but he is stopped by William Lennox (Josh Duhamel), who now works with TRF. Lennox talks Cade out of doing anything to Santos. After their confrontation, Cade goes to the Knight in his pod. The Knight dies, but not before giving Cade a talisman that grants him a special power. Meanwhile, the Decepticon Barricade has witnessed all this while disguised as a police cruiser. Optimus crash-lands in what's left of Cybertron. He is held down by the Infernocons. Optimus is approached by Quintessa (voice of Gemma Chan), who is apparently one of Cybertron's creators. Optimus tries to go after her, but she is able to hold him back as they both claim that the other has betrayed their fellow Transformers. Quintessa has Optimus under her control, and she tells him that Earth is really a disguised form of Cybertron's great enemy Unicron. She corrupts Optimus and tells him that in order for Cybertron to live, Earth must be destroyed. Quintessa uses this to give Optimus a chance at redemption, which he accepts. Back on Earth, Lennox reports to his superior, General Morshower (Glenn Morshower), about the impending impact with Cybertron. They learn that the newly-resurrected Megatron (voice of Frank Welker) is seeking the talisman that Cade has. The TRF reluctantly makes a deal with Megatron to release his fellow Decepticons from an underground prison. Megatron requests Mohawk, Nitro Zeus, and Onslaught. Megatron also requests Dreadbot and Berserker, but the TRF thinks they are too risky to be let out. In England, Oxford professor Viviane Wembley (Laura Haddock) is playing a game with her colleagues and she wins, but is frequently reminded by her male colleagues, plus her mother and mother's friends, that she's single. Viviane leads a tour in an Arthurian museum, telling her students about the lore and myth surrounding these stories, and bluntly saying that it's all bullshit. Cade goes to a junkyard where his friend Jimmy (Jerrod Carmichael) is helping him hide the Autobots - Hound (voice of John Goodman), Drift (voice of Ken Watanabe), Crosshairs (voice of John DiMaggio), Wheelie (voice of Tom Kenny), Daytrader (voice of Steve Buscemi), and Grimlock. Jimmy complains that Grimlock is hard to handle. Cade has been followed by Izabella and Sqweeks. Although Cade tries to turn her away, she tells him that she has nowhere to go because Decepticons killed her family, so all she had were Canopy and Sqweeks, and now Canopy is dead. Cade allows her to stay. He then goes to call his daughter Tessa (Nicola Peltz) while she is at college, but he is unable to speak for fear that he may be found by TRF. Tessa tells him that she is fine and that she loves him, but also that he needs to find himself a girlfriend. Megatron and his goons arrive at the junkyard to find the talisman and kill the Autobots. The Autobots come out of hiding and start fighting the Decepticons. Onslaught and Mohawk are both quickly blasted to pieces. As Cade runs away, he is found by a small humanoid Transformer named Cogman (Jim Carter). He is looking for Cade but nearly loses him when Cade is attacked by a drone. He still gets Cade to go with him eventually. Viviane is taken by the Autobot Hot Rod (Omar Sy) to the mansion of Sir Edmund Burton (Anthony Hopkins), where she also meets Cade and Cogman. Burton explains to Cade and Viviane the legacy of the Witwiccan Order, having started since the time of King Arthur. Throughout history, the Transformers have been working in the background to help humanity, and the Witwiccans (including Sam Witwicky) have been doing their part to keep the Transformers protected. In a flashback, we see the Transformers helping American soldiers fight against the Nazis in World War II. Burton also mentions the Staff of Merlin, which only a descendant of Merlin's can wield. He reveals to Viviane that she is the last descendant, and her father had kept this a secret from her up until his death. She needs to wield it to prevent something catastrophic from hitting Earth. Burton then explains the talisman, which has wrapped itself around Cade. It chose him because it considers him an honorable man. TRF agents show up and force everyone out of Burton's mansion. Hot Rod holds them off for a brief moment by trapping them in a time-contained bubble. Cade, Viviane, Cogman, Burton, and Bumblebee locate the old submarine HMS Alliance with the help of Simmons (who wants to be an honorary member of the Order) to help them locate the Staff. They are taken to the bottom of the ocean where they find a machine and the Staff in a chamber of Knights. The Knight Skullitron awakens and attacks everyone. The other Knights rise and start to fight just as TRF soldiers show up as well. Viviane goes for the Staff, which brings the machine up to the surface. Optimus shows up to take the Staff and give it to Quintessa so that she can activate the machine and use it to take Earth's core energy and transfer it to Cybertron, which would fry all human life. Optimus then fights Bumblebee while still under Quintessa's control. Before Optimus can strike a fatal blow, Bumblebee's voice comes back at the most convenient time to snap Optimus out of his control and remind him who he really is. Although Optimus is good again, the other Knights attempt to attack for his attempted betrayal. Cade steps in with the talisman, which (somehow) gives him the power to wield Excalibur. The Knights yield to Cade. The final battle comes to Stonehenge, where Megatron and Quintessa initiate their attack on Earth. Cybertron begins to tear through various parts of Earth. The TRF decide to join forces with the Autobots. Also arriving to the fight are Jimmy, Izabella, and the rest of the Autobots. In the chaos, Megatron kills Burton, who dies with Cogman by his side. As the heroes attempt to stop the machine, Quintessa sends out the Infernocons and a massive gun shooting at them. Lennox tries to pull everyone back as it is way too risky. Izabella sends Sqweeks out to destroy the gun, giving everyone a chance to fight. The Infernocons go after Optimus, but he decapitates all of them with one swift motion. Within Cybertron, the Autobots fight against Megatron while Viviane attempts to regain the Staff. Optimus chops off Megatron's arm before he kills again, and then Optimus kicks Megatron out and sends him plummeting back to Earth. Viviane nearly falls to her doom but Hot Rod freezes time again and helps her get closer to the Staff. Optimus confronts Quintessa, who holds him back again until Bumblebee comes from behind and seemingly destroys her. Viviane then takes control of the Staff and stops the machine, saving the Earth. Earth is saved once again. Cade and Viviane make plans to go on a date, and Cade takes Izabella in so she can have a real family again. Optimus sends a call to all Autobots as he realizes that Earth has been and always will be his home. During the closing credits, a team of scientists are gathered around a site. Quintessa is alive and takes a human disguise to approach one of them, saying she has a way to destroy Unicron. We then see what appears to be a massive mechanical horn sticking out of the ground.
tt3332064
Adventure,Comedy,Family
In the opening scene, a young woman named Mary (Amanda Seyfried) brings her baby to the steps of the Lambert Home For Boys in London. She leaves the boy with a note and a necklace of a pan flute. Mary kisses her baby, Peter, and tells him she loves him before leaving. 12 years later. Peter (Levi Miller) is still living at the Lambert Home, and he has only one friend, Nibs (Lewis MacDougall). Their time is made miserable by the cruel nun Mother Barnabas (Kathy Burke). Peter figures out that Barnabas is hoarding extra food for herself, so he and Nibs break into her office and uncover her stash of extra food and coins. The boys go into her private records and find Peter's file, which contains a letter from Mary that reaffirms her love for her son and says they will see each other again, in this world or another. While the boys sleep at night, some are snatched up into the air by men coming down on tethers. They were summoned by Barnabas, who raised a pirate flag at the top of the orphanage. Peter sees Nibs being grabbed, so he runs to save his friend. Peter ends up being taken after Barnabas kicks him into the path of one of the pirates. The boys are out on the ship, but Nibs jumps off and lands on the roof. As the ship flies toward the sky, Royal Army planes fly after the ship and shoot at it. The planes retreat once the ship rises above the clouds. Peter ties himself to the ship to keep from falling out. He floats through space and touches Saturn before getting yanked back to the ship. It flies all the way to Neverland. There, the boys are brought before a large quarry where the workers are singing "Smells Like Teen Spirit". Atop another floating ship emerges the dreaded pirate Blackbeard (Hugh Jackman). He tells the boys they are digging for fairy dust in the mines. While working, Peter meets James Hook (Garrett Hedlund), an older man and fellow slave worker that's been there as long as he can remember, and that's why he's grumpy and disillusioned. Peter then finds a rock of fairy dust that an older man swipes from him. Peter argues with the man and insults his cohorts, leading to Blackbeard making Peter walk the plank along with two other boys that misbehaved. Blackbeard kicks Peter off the plank, but as he falls, Peter suddenly starts flying, to everyone's surprise, until he drops to the ground. Peter wakes up in a room in Blackbeard's ship. The pirate walks in and tells Peter of a prophet that states that a boy who can fly will fight Blackbeard and kill him. Peter says he doesn't believe in bedtime stories. Hook gets Peter and his accomplice Mr. Smee (Adeel Akhtar) to escape and try to make their way to one of Blackbeard's boats, on the condition that Hook helps Peter find his mother. They ride a cart up to the floating boats, only to get pulled back by Blackbeard's right hand man Bishop (Nonso Anozie). Peter cuts the wire and sends himself, Hook, and Smee toward one of the boats. The three ride the boat into the forest to find the natives. They are caught by a group of the natives, led by Princess Tiger Lily (Rooney Mara). Hook and Smee are almost executed until the Chief (Jack Charles) notices the pan flute around Peter's neck. Because the pan is the symbol of their tribe, the natives bow to Peter. Tiger Lily explains to Peter that his mother fell in love with the fairy prince, which made Blackbeard jealous, though it also means that Peter is part fairy. The natives helped bring Mary to the fairy kingdom to protect her, so that's where Peter can find her. Now, they just want to prove that Peter really is her son, so he needs to fly. However, Peter is unable to recreate the same flight as before, causing him to lose hope. Blackbeard and his men attack the natives after Smee cowardly gives away the location of the heroes. The pirates battle the natives, and Blackbeard ends up killing the Chief. He finds Peter and reveals that he killed Mary. Peter escapes with Hook and Tiger Lily. The three head toward the fairy kingdom on a raft. Peter is devastated to learn that Tiger Lily lied to him about his mother. Suddenly, a large crocodile attacks the group. Peter falls into the water and is dragged to the bottom by the crocodile, until a trio of mermaids (all played by Cara Delevignge) send the croc away and bring Peter back up to the surface. Peter then has a vision of his mother as a warrior, leading the natives and fairies to safety from Blackbeard. He sees Mary fighting Blackbeard until the pirate ran her through with his sword, and he screamed in regret and sorrow. Later, Hook leaves the two because he doesn't want to be there when they lose the battle. Peter and Tiger Lily locate the fairy kingdom, but unfortunately, Blackbeard had followed them. He takes the pan necklace from Peter and uses it as the key to enter the fairy kingdom. He ties the heroes to the ship as they enter. The fairies fly around the good guys, and Peter befriends one such fairy named Tinker Bell. The heroes break free and fight the pirates, with Hook returning on his own ship to join the battle. The three fight the pirates, with Hook taking on Bishop while Tiger Lily fights Blackbeard. Smee escapes on a boat. Hook's ship tilts over, causing Bishop to fall to his death in the abyss, while Hook hangs on. Realizing he won't make it, he lets go. Blackbeard taunts Peter until the boy jumps and flies to rescue Hook. After doing so, the fairies help fight the pirates, sending them off the ships to their doom. The fairies then swarm all over Blackbeard and cause his ship to crash into a wall, plunging it into the abyss, taking Blackbeard with it. A vision of Mary appears to Peter. He still doesn't believe he is the hero that was prophecized, but his mother disagrees and restates her love for her son, calling him her little "Peter Pan." As she disappears, Tiger Lily hugs Peter. The heroes return to London on Hook's new ship, the Jolly Roger, to gather Nibs and the rest of the orphaned boys to become the new Lost Boys, to the anger of Barnabas. As they fly back to Neverland, Peter asks Hook if they'll always be friends. Hook responds: "Sure. What could go wrong?"
tt3014866
Action,Crime,Drama
The film opens with Jericho Stewart (Kevin Costner) standing on a beach. His voice-over states that "they" thought they knew what they were getting when they got inside his head, but they were wrong. He promises that anyone who hurts him will get hurt worse. A van pulls up behind Jericho, and a man steps out. Jericho turns to face him. We jump to a while back in London, where CIA agent Bill Pope (Ryan Reynolds) stops in a shop to pick up a duffle bag full of money. Bill takes time to call his wife Jill (Gal Gadot) back home. The two have a daughter, Emma (Lara Decaro). Bill is being observed by his superior Quaker Wells (Gary Oldman) and fellow agents Marta Lynch (Alice Eve), Esteban Ruiza (Amaury Nolasco), and Pete Greensleeves (Scott Adkins). Bill is knowingly pursued by anarchist Xavier Heimdahl (Jordi Molla). His right-hand woman Elsa Mueller (Antje Traue) follows Bill as he hops into a cab. Elsa and other villains catch the cab and shoot the driver before capturing Bill. Bill is taken to an abandoned building and is tortured by Heimdahl with electrical cables to give up information on Jan Strook, aka The Dutchman (Michael Pitt), a hacker that has created a wormhole that would allow Heimdahl to bypass computer codes and infiltrate central governments. Bill tells Heimdahl "fuck you", which Heimdahl respects, but also gets Bill a cable to his mouth, and he is electrocuted to death. After Heimdahl and Elsa leave, other CIA agents find Bill's body and inform Wells that he is dead. The CIA gets in touch with Dr. Franks (Tommy Lee Jones), who has been working on a memory program that places the memories of the deceased in the head of a living specimen. The plan is to put Bill's memories in someone's head to locate Strook, as he was trying to sell his program to the CIA. They decide on using Jericho, who is known as a remorseless killer with no emotional development that resulted from a childhood incident in which Jericho states that his father threw him out of a moving car and damaged his frontal lobe. We see an interview between Heimdahl and Piers Morgan in which Morgan asks Heimdahl his intentions. Heimdahl states that he thinks the world would be better off without governments, and thus he plans to take them all down. Jericho is taken out of prison for the procedure to begin. Bill's memories go into his head, but the procedure nearly kills Jericho. Later, Wells and the other agents view a video message from Strook, who says he will give the CIA his program in exchange for protection and money, as he had originally been working with Heimdahl, but once Strook changed his mind, Heimdahl got furious and is after him now. Strook is then seen calling the Pope home to ask for Bill, but Jill informs Strook that her husband is dead. After the memory transplant succeeds, Jericho is being transferred by two agents, but he uses a makeshift hook to cut one of the agents and lead to a crash that results in him escaping. He has the cars blow up to make it look like he died. Jericho makes it into town and steals some food and beats up some men to take their van. He then heads over to the Pope house to find the bag of money. He ties Jill up in her bed. All the while, he begins to see some of Bill's memories, most of them involving his time with Jill, but also a vision of the money bag being hidden behind a shelf of George Orwell books. Jericho goes back to the room and unties Jill. He then gets in touch with Ruiza through the home phone, claiming Emma may have hit a button again. Jericho then flees the house. We see another video of Strook stating his plans to sell his program to the Russians now out of fear that the CIA has betrayed him, and the CIA has roughly nine hours to respond to Strook's deadline. Back on the streets, Jericho continues seeing Bill's memories, and he is starting to gain Bill's personality and skills while jumping between that and his natural self. Jericho tries to get himself a drink and orders it in French, mistaking it for Spanish, and one man corrects him before calling him a motherfucker, leading to Jericho breaking the man's nose. He then heads to the library and logs into the computer with Bill's codes, which the CIA discovers. Jericho finds Franks to help him get medication for his head hurting as a result of Bill's memories overwhelming him. It means that Jericho is now able to develop emotions. Their whole encounter is monitored by the CIA. As he leaves the pharmacy, Jericho is taken by several agents. Elsa, who was watching, follows. After a tense encounter at the headquarters between Jericho and the other agents, Jericho is being escorted by Wells to another location. Heimdahl creates a distraction by making it look like Strook was spotted at an airport. This leads to Elsa and Heimdahl's other goons to find the agents and start shooting at them, resulting in the deaths of some agents including Lynch. Jericho escapes the shootout by driving off a bridge. Jericho returns to the Pope house. Jill points a gun at him this time, but Jericho is less hostile this time, and he tells her a memory only she and Bill would know to prove he has Bill's memories. It's about how their first car smelled like fish and chips, and the exhaust blew out a week later. Jill later sees Jericho outside with Emma as they bury one of her toys. Despite being worried at first, Jill realizes that Jericho would not hurt her or Emma. She lets him stay the night. The next morning, Jericho discovers that the money bag is hidden behind a bookshelf in the library at the university where Jill works. He heads there to retrieve it, leaving Elsa to break into the Pope house and abduct Jill and Emma, while Heimdahl gets Jericho. Wells and his team learn of this, and they head out after them, while the Russians have their own team out looking for Strook. Both the CIA and the Russian team circle the university as Heimdahl's goons take Jericho away. He then remembers that Strook is hiding in Jill's office. Elsa forces Jericho to guide her to the office. They pass by the lab, which lets Jericho make a bomb to get away from Elsa. He rushes to Jill's office to find Strook and talk to him, but Elsa finds them. She shoots Strook in the head and nearly takes the drive with his program until Jericho emerges and beats her to death with a lamp. Jericho races to the airfield where Heimdahl is planning to escape with Jill and Emma, despite Wells telling Jericho it's too risky and that lives are at stake. Jericho makes it there and reluctantly hands the drive to Heimdahl so he can let Emma go. Heimdahl shoots Jericho and makes his escape on his plane right before Wells and his men arrive. As Wells yells at Jericho for what he's done, Jericho reveals that he had Strook reprogram the wormhole so that anything launched from that program would hit wherever the launch was made. Therefore, the missile that Heimdahl launched to hit the airfield ends up flying back toward his plane, blowing him (and the wormhole) up. A while later, we see Jericho at the beach he was standing at in the beginning. He is met by Jill and Emma, along with Wells and Franks, and some other agents. Jill and Emma know that Bill lives on in Jericho's head. Wells then tells Franks that he is going to offer Jericho a job.
tt1386697
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
The film opens at the Belle Reve Penitentiary. Floyd Lawton (AKA: Deadshot) (Will Smith) is in his cell going at his punching bag. The guards, led by Captain Griggs (Ike Barinholtz), bring Floyd a lousy meal. When Griggs taunts him, Floyd threatens to get him someday. Taking that as a threat, Griggs has Floyd strapped to a chair and beaten by the other guards. Meanwhile, Harley Quinn (Margot Robbie) is hanging upside down in her cell (more like a cage). Griggs shows up to see her, and he has one of the guards turn on the electricity on the bars when she gets too close. This triggers a flashback in Harley's mind of when she first showed up at the place, having just gone insane. It's been months since the death of Superman (a reference to the film 'Batman vs. Superman'). Amanda Waller (Viola Davis) meets with her associates Admiral Olsen (Ted Whittall) and Dexter Tolliver (David Harbour) to discuss the organization of Task Force X, her idea of creating a team of the most dangerous criminals to combat any possible major catastrophe. Waller pulls out her files and goes through her proposed recruits. She starts with Floyd, who was an expert marksman known as Deadshot. In a flashback, we see Deadshot preparing to take out a target. He goads his employer into doubling his pay, and Deadshot kills his target by having his bullet ricochet off a gate to strike the man. Floyd has a daughter, Zoe (Shailyn Pierre-Dixon). In another flashback, the two were walking together and discussing Zoe moving in with Floyd. Her mother wouldn't let her because they both know Floyd is a killer, though he denied it to Zoe. He was caught by Batman (Ben Affleck). Floyd got his gun and prepared to shoot Batman, but Zoe stood in the way and pleaded with him not to do it. Floyd relented and went quietly. Waller's next pick is Harley, who was originally a therapist named Dr. Harleen Quinzel. Her last patient was The Joker (Jared Leto). Instead of fixing him, she fell in love with him. The Joker escaped from prison by using Harleen as a hostage. He then tortured Harleen for months until she went insane and turned her into his love slave and eventually his wife. Waller knows that Harley is even crazier and more fearless than Joker, which makes her a very valuable asset. Another couple flashbacks show Joker and Harley in a nightclub where Harley was dancing. He invited her to join him and a gangster he met with named Monster T (Common). Harley offered him company, but he declined out of fear that Joker would be displeased. This got him killed. Later, Joker and Harley made their getaway but were chased by Batman in the Batmobile. The two were ran off the road and into the river. Batman jumped in and found Harley, then took her to jail. Among Waller's other picks are Digger Harkness (AKA: Captain Boomerang) (Jai Courtney), a thief that used a bladed boomerang and would double-cross his partners. He was caught by The Flash (Ezra Miller). Next is Chato Santana (Jay Hernandez), a former gang-banger known as El Diablo. He possesses pyrokinetic abilities, and he willingly turned himself in. Then there's Waylon Jones/Killer Croc (Adewale Akinnouye-Agbaje), a thug with an unusual disorder that gives him green scaly skin. Croc was treated like a monster, so he acted like one and devoured anyone that crossed him. Waller's last pick is Dr. June Moone (Cara Delevignge), an archaeologist who recently came across a cave and found an idol, releasing the spirit of a 6,000-year-old witch called Enchantress. The spirit possesses June, but Waller carries the heart of Enchantress with her in order to maintain control over her. Helping Waller is Colonel Rick Flag (Joel Kinnaman), who is motivated because he is in love with June. Waller, Tolliver, and others gather at the Pentagon in Washington DC to discuss the initiation of Task Force X. The chairman is not feeling the plan until Waller tells June to bring out Enchantress. She morphs into the witch and demonstrates her power, with Waller poking the heart to control her, which pains Enchantress and also hurts June once she returns to normal. Waller tells the others in the room that the plan would be for her team to go out in secrecy with no word of the government's involvement, and if the villains get caught, they'll get "thrown under the bus". Waller heads to Belle Reve with Flag and June to continue recruiting. She brings Floyd out and allows him to use an array of guns for target practice. He gives Flag a list of demands, including freedom from his sentence and custody of his daughter. Flag refuses to give into these demands, but Floyd says he was talking to Waller. At night, June morphs into Enchantress. Flag is trying to call Amanda, but Enchantress hits Flag's mind with a vision of June dead to terrify him. Enchantress then teleports to Waller's home and finds an idol that contains the spirit of her brother, Incubus. She takes the idol and heads to the Midway City train station and finds a commuter (Alain Chanoine) and uses his body to bring Incubus back to life. Reunited, the two discuss Enchantress's plan to create a machine to wipe out humanity. Incubus, still in the commuter's body, kills three men on the tracks before taking his true form and causing destruction. Waller is alerted to the chaos and decides it's time to activate Task Force X. The villains are taken from their cells and injected with nano bombs that will go off if they fail or try to escape. They are brought to a base where they are briefed on their mission, which is to head into Midway City and retrieve a mark. The last recruit, Slipknot (Adam Beach), arrives, where he first punches out an FBI agent. When Flag tells the villains about their set-up, Floyd refers to them as a "Suicide Squad". They are given proper outfits and their own weapons to head into battle. Lastly, Flag shows them a tablet with Waller speaking to them and telling them what the deal is. On the ride there, the squad is joined by Flag's bodyguard, Tatsu Yamashiro (AKA: Katana) (Karen Fukuhara), a lethal Japanese assassin whose sword contains the souls of those that she kills. Her husband was killed with that sword and his own soul is trapped in there. Meanwhile, one of Joker's henchmen finds him in his apartment surrounded by his weapons to tell him about Harley's situation. Joker goes to find Griggs in a casino and tortures him until he tells him everything. Joker and his goons then attack the Van Criss research facility where the nano bombs were produced. Joker shows the head doctor that he's kidnapped his wife to blackmail him into helping him. Incubus turns Enchantress into a more powerful form when Waller repeatedly stabs her heart. As the squad is flown into Midway City, Enchantress' soldiers shoot them down and causes their chopper to crash-land. They walk to their destination, but Slipknot attempts to make an escape. He shoots his grappling hook to get out, but Flag sets off his nano bomb and kills Slipknot, proving he was not bluffing. The squad is attacked by mutated creatures (formerly human males) under the bidding of Enchantress, prompting them to utilize their capabilities. Deadshot hits every target, Harley shoots and whacks the minions with her baseball bat, Katana slices them with her sword, and Boomerang uses his weapon, but Diablo sits this one out. Flag is grabbed by the minions, and Harley almost lets him die, but Deadshot reminds her that if he dies, then they all die. She reluctantly saves Flag and kills the minions. Flag leads the squad to a building to find their mark. Harley takes an elevator and is attacked by more minions. She easily kills them before rejoining the squad. More minions attack them, so Deadshot pushes Diablo into unleashing the full might of his fire powers. Diablo incinerates all the minions with one blast. As they walk to their destination, Harley looks down the staircase and she remembers the night she became what she is now. Joker brought her to a chemical plant and convinced her to "live" for him. She willingly tossed herself into the vat of chemicals, and Joker jumped in after her, pulling her out and laughing maniacally. In the present, the squad finds a room that Flag enters to find Waller waiting for him. As they discuss their mission in front of four other agents, Waller kills them all since they know too much. The rest of the squad is surprised to find Waller there. Together, they all go to the rooftop for extraction. Unfortunately, the chopper they're waiting for has been hijacked by Joker and his men. One of the men deactivates the nano bomb in Harley's neck, allowing her to escape with Joker. Waller orders Deadshot to shoot her down with the promise of custody of his daughter. Deadshot shoots but intentionally misses Harley. Waller then orders her men to shoot the chopper down. Harley falls out of the chopper and lands on a rooftop, and she watches as Joker goes down with the chopper. Waller is taken by Enchantress's minions and brought to her, allowing Enchantress to get inside Waller's mind and learn what she already knows. Enchantress also gets her heart back, giving her more power. Harley rejoins the squad when they come across her on their path. Deadshot finds Waller's case file and learns the truth about their mission. He demands an explanation from Flag. Flag admits that three days earlier, he and June went underground together to set something up, but she morphed into Enchantress and abandoned him. The squad ditches Flag as Deadshot heads into a bar to get a drink. In the bar, the squad drinks together with Harley acting as the barmaid in serving them drinks. Deadshot tells them that he knows they're just pawns in Waller's plan and that they are all expendable. During the conversation, Diablo discusses why he stopped using his powers. He used to have a family, but his wife Grace (Corina Calderon) found out about his life as a gangster, and in a fit of rage, Diablo burned their house down with Grace and their two kids inside. Flag then enters the bar to tell the squad they can go free if they choose, as he breaks the detonator to their bombs. He gives Deadshot letters from his daughter, showing she had written to him everyday. This gives Deadshot the motivation to continue the mission, leading the rest of the squad to join him. The plan is to plant a bomb beneath the station to take out Incubus so that the rest of the squad can get close enough to Enchantress. Croc joins Flag's men to head into the sewers and place the bomb. The squad hides, but Enchantress senses them and offers them the things they want the most as she goes into their minds. She shows Deadshot a vision of him killing Batman. Harley sees her and Joker looking normal and starting a family. Flag sees himself with June. Diablo sees himself with his family again. Only he realizes quickly that it's a trick. He heads into the fight against Incubus, hurling his fire powers at him before morphing into his true form, a towering fire creature as big as Incubus. Diablo roasts Incubus and holds him in the corner long enough for Croc and the others to place the bomb. Diablo stays there to hold Incubus down as the bomb explodes, killing both of them. The now enraged Enchantress takes on the whole squad, with Croc returning to join the fight. But the witch is far too powerful and evasive for any one of them to get her, so she offers them what they want if they join her. Harley appears to go through with it and approaches Enchantress. However, Harley tricks Enchantress and uses a sword to cut her heart out. Croc then throws a bag of explosive in the path of Enchantress's machine, as Deadshot gets ready to shoot at it. Enchantress tries to trick him by making it look like Zoe is there to beg him to not shoot, but Deadshot pulls the trigger and hits the bombs, destroying the machine. Enchantress is now weakened, and Flag holds her heart. He orders the witch to release June, but Enchantress says she won't come back. Flag crushes the heart and kills Enchantress. June peels off the witch's skin, returning to normal and embracing Flag. As the squad prepares to leave, Waller emerges with her own detonator. She says they only get 10 years off their sentences, with some special privileges. Floyd is allowed to visit Zoe for a brief while before being escorted out by Flag. Croc is allowed to have cable TV in his cell. Boomerang gets moved into solitary confinement for his demands. Harley is given as espresso machine in her cell. Moments later, a group of mercs breaks into the penitentiary and start killing the guards before breaking into Harley's cell. The Joker (STILL ALIVE) enters and embraces Harley, whispering into her ear, "Let's go home..." During the closing credits, Waller meets with Bruce Wayne in a restaurant. She asks him for protection in the aftermath of Enchantress's destruction, and in exchange, she hands him case files on Barry Allen (Flash) and Arthur Curry (Aquaman). As Bruce leaves, Waller comments that he should "stop working nights". Bruce says she should shut her operation down, since he and his new friends will be taking care of things.
tt4046784
Action,Sci-Fi,Thriller
The opening scene shows hundreds of people crowded around a quarantined area. A young Thomas is brought by his mother to be taken away for protection on board a train. She tells him she loves him and they never see each other again. On the train, Thomas meets Dr. Ava Paige (Patricia Clarkson). In the present, Thomas (Dylan O'Brien) and the rest of the Gladers; Newt (Thomas Brodie-Sangster), Teresa (Kaya Scodelario), Minho (Ki Hong Lee), Frypan (Dexter Darden), and Winston (Alexander Flores) are brought to the desolated city following their escape from the Maze. Once they descend, a horde of infected people ("Cranks") start running towards them, but the mercenary soldiers ("mercs") escorting them fight them off. They take the Gladers into a facility run by Janson (Aidan Gillen). He says this place will provide the Gladers with shelter, food, clothes, and protection from "The Flare". Thomas joins Minho and the other boys in a cafeteria. They see other groups of people their age, meaning they weren't the only ones that survived a Maze. Frypan points out one boy, Aris (Jacob Lofland), who has been in a Maze the longest, and in one with mostly girls. Janson then walks in and calls on the names of several people for what is supposedly a relocation. Teresa's name is called and she joins the others as they walk out. That night, Aris gets Thomas out of bed and guides him through the vents to show him the room where a number of bodies are wheeled into a room for tests and research. Thomas starts to think they're doing something bad with Teresa. The next day, another group of people are called out. Thomas gets into a brief scuffle with a guard to steal his ID badge. That night, he and his friends sneak out of their rooms to find Teresa and the others. Thomas encounters them all hung up to a mechanism of sorts, and all of them are unconscious. Thomas then walks into a room where he sees Janson talking to Ava through a projection. He's been running tests to see who is immune to The Flare, and he mentions trying to find a group called The Right Arm and their grounds called Safe Haven. Thomas realizes Janson works for the World in Catastrophe Killzone Department (WCKD). Thomas gathers Newt, Minho, Frypan, Winston, and Aris, and tries to find Teresa so they can escape. They come across a merc who aims his stun gun at them, until Minho dropkicks him into a wall. Thomas grabs the gun and gets a doctor to take them to Teresa. They grab her and head out to the exit. Janson and some other mercs try to stop them, saying they won't last long out their in "The Scorch". Thomas fends them off and barely makes it out with the others. Now on the outside in a vast desert, the Gladers venture toward the mountains to find The Right Arm. They come across an abandoned building and discover the place has power, but when they turn it on, Thomas and Minho are attacked and chased by some Cranks. The chase escalates when the cranks and mercs run into each other. As they find an exit, Winston holds them off with a gun, but one of the Cranks attacks him and scratches him. The others pull him out. The Gladers continue walking through the mounds of sand as day breaks. Winston collapses, as he's been infected and it's spreading rapidly through his body. He only wants to be put out of his misery and not transform into a Crank. Frypan takes out a gun, which Newt takes from him and hands to Winston. Winston says his goodbyes to his friends, and they leave him. On their walk, they all hear a single gunshot. As the others rest for the night, Thomas spots a civilization in the distance. When the gang keeps moving, a massive lightning storm starts brewing. Powerful bolts strike down, hitting Minho but non-fatally. His friends grab him and they run into another building. There, they find dozens of chained Cranks. Out of the shadows comes Brenda (Rosa Salazar), who lives there with a group of survivors. She guides the Gladers to her leader/surrogate father figure Jorge (Giancarlo Esposito). He notices the tattoos on the backs of the Gladers' necks, realizing they came from a WCKD facility and that they are valuable. Jorge also learns they are looking for The Right Arm. Soon, a band of WCKD mercs, led by Janson, storms the place. Thomas runs away with Brenda, separating himself from the other Gladers. Jorge plays a song that triggers a series of explosives when it finishes. The facility collapses and kills the mercs. Thomas and Brenda run toward an exit as they are pursued by Cranks. They run outside into a collapsed building. Brenda slips and nearly falls through a window. A Crank emerges and attacks her, but Thomas breaks the glass and causes the Crank to fall out while he pulls Brenda up. The two head on to find the others and come across a nightclub of sorts, run by another survivor, Marcus (Alan Tudyk). He knows something about The Right Arm, but he doesn't tell Thomas and Brenda of his identity, and instead gives them a drink for them to get in the feel of the party. Thomas trips out a bit, and Brenda approaches him. They move in to kiss, but Thomas only sees himself kissing Teresa. He tells Brenda she isn't Teresa, leaving her disappointed. After experiencing trippy visions, Thomas wakes up to find Teresa and Minho sitting over him. He and Brenda are back with Jorge and the Gladers, and Thomas finds Jorge beating Marcus's face in. After a few good punches, Marcus tells the gang where they can find The Right Arm. The group takes Marcus's car and drives by a mountain with many abandoned cars. When they get out, gunshots are fired at them. Jorge hands Thomas a bomb to use a distraction, but they are cornered by two female shooters, Harriet (Nathalie Emmanuel) and Sonya (Katherine McNamara). They recognize Aris and decide the group poses no threat to them. The ladies guide the group to meet the rest of The Right Arm, including their leader Vince (Barry Pepper). Brenda collapses, as she's been bitten by a Crank, but her infection hasn't spread as quickly as with Winston. Vince nearly shoots her until he is stopped by a former WCKD scientist named Mary Cooper (Lili Taylor). She reveals that Thomas was an informant to share information on all of WCKD's acts. She gives Brenda an enzyme shot to stop the infection from spreading. Thomas sits by Brenda's bedside. She mentions losing her mom to The Flare. Thomas pulls out the small totem given to him by Chuck, as he remembers the boy's sacrifice. That night, Thomas talks with Teresa. She says that she watched her mom go mad from The Flare, and she didn't want to give up on the rest of the infected... which is why she's been working for WCKD the whole time. WCKD helicopters are seen heading toward the mountains, as Teresa called them and told them where they are. Thomas runs to warn everyone, only for the choppers to start firing missiles at the people. The mercs descend and start attacking people. Thomas departs from Jorge and Brenda to save his friends. Ava and Janson step out, confirming that Teresa has been with WCKD from the beginning. Janson shoots and kills Mary, and he nearly kills again until Jorge drives in on a van, leading to a battle between WCKD mercs and The Right Arm. Janson nearly kills Thomas until Brenda shoots him in the shoulder. Thomas uses Jorge's bomb on a group of mercs. Minho gets shot with a stun gun and is taken by the mercs. Ava, Teresa, and Janson escape with Minho as Thomas helplessly watches the craft take off. In the morning, the survivors seem to have lost hope. Thomas gathers what he can carry and decides he's going back to infiltrate WCKD, rescue Minho, and kill Ava. Although Vince thinks he's crazy, Harriet agrees that she wouldn't mind some revenge. Now, everyone looks to Thomas as they prepare to take WCKD down. To be continued......
tt3915174
Animation,Action,Adventure
Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves. Puss in Boots travels to a temple to defeat the notorious bandit El Breato and his 40 thieves.
tt2386490
Animation,Action,Adventure
The film opens on a dragon trapper ship. Hiccup (voice of Jay Baruchel) and Toothless infiltrate it to rescue captured dragons, with Hiccup wearing a suit of dragon scales to walk through fire. They are joined by Astrid (voice of America Ferrera), Snotlout (voice of Jonah Hill), Fishlegs (voice of Christopher Mintz-Plasse), Ruffnut (voice of Kristen Wiig) and Tuffnut (voice of Justin Rupple), all wearing scale suits and riding in on their dragons to fight the trappers. The heroes free the dragons and escape, unaware that they have left one behind. The Dragon Riders return to Berk, which is now wildly overpopulated with dragons that they have rescued over the last year, with one new dragon knocking over a whole row of dragon towers. Hiccup has been leading the villagers as chief, but he still doesn't feel that he is the chief his father was. Meanwhile, Valka (voice of Cate Blanchett) has been helping train other dragons. Gobber (voice of Craig Ferguson) suggests that Hiccup and Astrid should get married soon, but neither of them feel they are ready in their relationship to take that step. A notorious dragon slayer called Grimmel the Grisly (voice of F. Murray Abraham) arrives to meet with the warlords that have been capturing dragons. When they tell Grimmel about Hiccup and Toothless, he finds himself surprised, as he had believed to have slayed every last Night Fury. The warlords show Grimmel the dragon that was left behind, a white Night Fury ("Light Fury" as it will later be known). He decides to use her as bait to lure Toothless to him, and he doesn't worry about Hiccup since Grimmel sees him as just a boy in over his head. We see a flashback of a young Hiccup with Stoick (voice of Gerard Butler), who tells his son about the legend of a hidden world of dragons. He had hoped to find it so that he can end the fighting between vikings and dragons. Toothless goes out alone at night and comes across the Light Fury. He becomes enamored by her and starts making an attempt to woo her. Hiccup and Astrid come across them, but they startle her and she fires a blast in their direction before she vanishes into thin air. Toothless falls in love with the Light Fury, which Hiccup can see. He takes Toothless and Tuffnut (who wants to give Hiccup relationship advice) back into the woods to look for her, but Hiccup manages to detect one of Grimmel's traps before it catches Toothless. He brings back a tranquilizer dart they found, which Eret (voice of Kit Harington) recognizes as Grimmel's work. He warns Hiccup that Grimmel most likely wanted them to find that trap as a means to lead him right back to them. That night, Hiccup finds Grimmel has snuck inside his house and seemingly tranquilized Toothless. He orders Hiccup to give Toothless up and expresses how he thinks humans and dragons shouldn't co-exist since he views humans as being superior. When he goes to Toothless, it turns out that he shot Fishlegs, and Hiccup's friends and family come out to ambush Grimmel. However, he summons his acid-spitting Deathgrippers to tear through Hiccup's home. He gathers the Berkians together and realizes that with Grimmel going after them, it is no longer safe to stay in that land. While some of the villagers argue against leaving their homes, Hiccup tells them that they are Berk no matter where they live. However, Grimmel was counting on them to abandon their homes all along, and he plans to keep tracking Toothless with reluctant help from the warlords. all while making more of the venom to tranquilize dragons. The Berkians travel with the dragons to another island to stay temporarily. The Light Fury appears to follow the group, but she vanishes after knocking Hiccup off of Toothless's back after mistaking him for an enemy. She reappears later that night, and Toothless goes after her. Hiccup wakes up and goes to try and help him out. Toothless does goofy dances to court the Light Fury, which does not impress her. He then manages to draw her face in the sand, which she seems to like. Unfortunately, she flies away again when she spots Hiccup, and Toothless is unable to fly after her because of his bad fin. Hiccup later decides to fix up the fin and paint it black so that Toothless can go and find the Light Fury. Valka heads back out on Cloudjumper to make sure the villagers weren't followed. They are spotted by the Deathgrippers, who try to attack and bring them down, but the two manage to escape and head back to warn Hiccup. Toothless flies until he finds the Light Fury. They take flight together as she demonstrates her ability to camouflage herself using her fire breath. With her help, Toothless is able to use his own power with lightning to achieve the same effect. They continue flying until the Light Fury brings Toothless to a waterfall. After learning Grimmel is hot on their trail, Hiccup leads the Dragon Riders to catch him, but he was expecting this, so they have fallen into his trap. He sends the Deathgrippers after them, but they manage to evade them and escape. They accidentally leave Ruffnut behind and don't realize it until they return to the island. Hiccup is then pressured into finding another solution to stopping Grimmel. He notices Toothless hasn't returned, and Astrid reminds him that he gave Toothless his freedom to be with the Light Fury. As Grimmel tries to make his next move, Ruffnut starts to annoy the hell out of him with her endless talking, so he frees her. Ruffnut inadvertently blabs about their new location, so he keeps a close eye on her to see where she's headed. Hiccup and Astrid ride Stormfly to find Toothless. They come across the waterfall and are flown down into the hidden dragon world, which is vast and beautiful. They see Hiccup acting as the alpha to all the dragons (you can even see Drago's Bewilderbeest among them), with the Light Fury now officially being his mate. The other dragons spot Hiccup and Astrid and chase after them. Toothless and Stormfly grab them and flee. Hiccup starts to figure that the Berkians couldn't live with the dragons in their world and that maybe that's where the dragons ought to be. Ruffnut returns to the village, and Grimmel has followed her back. He and his men, plus the Deathgrippers, start to attack again, this time ending with Grimmel successfully capturing Toothless and the Light Fury. The other dragons are forced to follow Grimmel since he has their alpha, and he threatens to kill the Light Fury if Hiccup follows. Hiccup feels hopeless and sees himself as a failure as chief. Astrid encourages him as she always has, letting him know she was the first person to believe in him and will always be there to pick him up. Hiccup rounds up his friends with their dragon suits to fly after the ship. Grimmel brings his captured dragons to the warlords, but he tells them that he plans to kill Toothless for himself, denying them the chance to have him for themselves. The heroes then swoop in to free their dragons and take on Grimmel's army. They manage to steer the dragon trapper ships toward each other, causing the trappers to abandon ship as they all sink. Grimmel attempts to kill Hiccup, but he manages to free Toothless. Grimmel takes the Light Fury to the sky, leading Hiccup and Toothless to chase after them. The Deathgrippers fly in and surround Toothless, until he harnesses his lightning power and electrocutes them all before vanishing. He appears before Grimmel, and Hiccup jumps toward him. Grimmel tranquilizes Toothless, sending him falling to the ground. Hiccup tackles the villain and frees the Light Fury, order her to save Toothless as Hiccup and Grimmel fall. The Light Fury catches Toothless and lands with him on a cliff. Grimmel tears Hiccup's suit apart, but the Light Fury flies toward Hiccup. He loosens his prosthetic foot, sending Grimmel to his watery grave as the Light Fury catches Hiccup. The Berkians celebrate their victory until Hiccup realizes it is time to let Toothless go. He bids his best friend farewell, and the two embrace tearfully. The other Berkians must then say goodbye to their beloved dragons. They fly toward the hidden world, with Toothless sharing one last look with Hiccup. A while later, Hiccup and Astrid get married, making them chief and chieftess. We then cut to years later where Hiccup and Astrid now have a son and a daughter. They ride a boat toward the hidden world and come across Toothless and the Light Fury sitting together on a rock with three little dragons of their own. Toothless flies over to the boat and does not seem to immediately recognize Hiccup. He slowly moves his hand toward his snout as he did when they first met, and Toothless pounces on Hiccup for the first time in perhaps a decade. Astrid then brings the kids over so that Hiccup can introduce them to Toothless. They then take flight on Toothless, Stormfly, and the Light Fury together as a family. Hiccup says that although people now believe that the dragons are gone for good, the Berkians know the truth and will continue to protect their secret until the day dragons can come back out in peace.
tt3682448
Drama,History,Thriller
Set in 1957, at the height of the Cold War, both the United States and Soviet Union employed spies against each other out of fear regarding the nuclear capabilities of one another. In Brooklyn, Rudolf Abel (Mark Rylance) is painting a self-portrait. He receives a phone call. He never speaks but only listens to what he hears. Abel leaves his apartment and walks around the city, unaware of a man, Agent Blasco (Domenick Lombardozzi) stepping out of a cab to follow him. Blasco follows Abel through the subway station where he is joined by Agent Gamber (Victor Verhaeghe). Abel ends up at a park where he sits on a bench to paint. He recovers a coin under a bench. He returns to his apartment and uses a razor to split the coin open, where he finds that it contains a piece of paper. Soon, Blasco and Gamber, joined by other FBI agents, storm into Abel's home and arrest him for espionage. We meet lawyer James B. Donovan (Tom Hanks) in his workplace discussing a client with his co-worker. He is brought into the office of his associate Thomas Watters Jr (Alan Alda) to discuss the case of Abel. Donovan is given the report on Abel's case, and Donovan knows what kind of reputation he would gain for defending a suspected spy. Donovan has dinner with his wife Mary (Amy Ryan) and kids Carol (Eve Hewson), Roger (Noah Schnapp) and Peggy (Jillian Lebling). Carol is upset because her date stood her up. Donovan tells his family about the case, just as his other co-worker Doug Forrester (Billy Magnussen) enters with documents involving the case. In a motel room, pilot Francis Gary Powers (Austin Stowell) is undergoing a lie detector test. Later, he and a group of fellow pilots are brought into a room where they are told their mission - they are to become spies for the CIA to detect any nuclear activity occurring in the Soviet Union. Donovan meets with Abel in prison. Abel never admits to any wrongdoing and doesn't want to fully cooperate with the United States government. On a rainy night, Donovan is followed by CIA Agent Hoffman (Scott Shepherd). The two sit together at a bar where Hoffman tries to get Donovan to tell him what Abel is telling Donovan, for the sake of the country, though Donovan refuses to say anything. The pilots are brought into the Peshawar Air Station to see the U-2 planes that they will use in their mission, complete with cameras and the like. Roger's class watches a video on the dangers of nuclear warfare and the precautions that ought to be taken in the event of a catastrophe. He then sets up his own "duck and cover" station at home, worrying his father. Abel's trial begins, and nobody is on Donovan's side. The people in court think Abel deserves the death penalty for his supposed crimes, and nobody thinks Donovan can get Abel acquitted. On the train, everyone that Donovan sees is reading unkind headlines for his case, and one woman on the train looks at him scornfully. To make things worse, someone shoots at the Donovan home one evening, harming no one, but also not earning any sympathy for the family as most of the country thinks Donovan is a traitor. By the end of the trial, Abel is found guilty on all charges, but Donovan convinces the judge to give him a 30 year prison sentence instead of the death penalty. Powers and his comrades undergo their mission over the USSR. His plane suddenly takes a hit as it's shot down by a ground-to-air missile. He goes down but manages to eject himself from the plane and sail down on his parachute. Powers is later captured and held by the Soviet Union. In West Germany, American student Frederic Pryor (Will Rogers) rides his bike by the construction site of the Berlin Wall, to meet his girlfriend Katje (Nadja Bobyleva). Pryor is confronted by East German Stasi agents who find him suspicious. He shows off his books to prove he is a student, but he is subsequently arrested. With both American men in detainment, an exchange is planned between the U.S. and USSR to trade Abel for Powers. However, Donovan thinks they should get Pryor back as well. The CIA only wants Powers back, but Donovan plans to make a negotiation regardless. He travels to East Germany to meet with Wolfgang Vogel (Sebastian Koch), a German lawyer who can broker a deal. Donovan meets three people posing as Abel's family before meeting Vogel. Donovan sees through the ruse, however. During his time in East Germany, Donovan is forced to stay in a cold and crummy hotel room. As he passes by the wall on the train, he sees several East Germans trying to climb over the wall to escape, but they are shot down by guards. The sight of this horrifies Donovan. The East German government refuses to give up Pryor after learning that the USSR was involved in the negotiation. While the CIA thinks they should leave Pryor, Donovan makes a bold move by threatening the East German government. If Pryor is not released to them, the whole deal is off, and Abel would be interrogated, leaving bad blood between Germany and the USSR. The men on both sides meet on the Glienicke Bridge. Powers's buddy Joe Murphy (Jesse Plemons) is brought over to confirm that it is definitely Powers on the other side. Meanwhile at Checkpoint Charlie, Pryor is brought over. After he is confirmed, the exchange is made, and Abel crosses over to the other side, but not before letting Donovan know that he left him a gift. The two men share one final look before departing the bridge. On the plane ride, Powers tells Donovan that he never told his captors anything, to which Donovan states that none of it matters anymore. He then opens the gift from Abel, which is a painting of Donovan himself. Donovan returns home to his family. The kids see the news story on the exchange and are shocked to hear their dad's name mentioned, thinking he was away on a fishing trip. Mary then walks into the bedroom to find her husband lying there, resting comfortably at last. Donovan rides the train where he sees people are now reading positive headlines. The lady who stared at him earlier now looks at him with a smile. As he looks out the window, he sees children climbing over a fence, reminding him of what he saw in Germany. The ending text states that Rudolf Abel returned home and was never acknowledged as a spy. Francis Gary Powers died when his plane crashed in 1977. Frederic Pryor went on to become a professor at Swarthmore College. James B. Donovan was asked by President Kennedy to negotiate the release of 1,000 Cuban exile prisoners from Cuba after the failed 1961 Bay of Pigs invasion. He would eventually get over 9,000 men, women, and children released.
tt3450650
Action,Comedy,Crime
Less than a week after getting married, Paul Blart (Kevin James) gets a notice of divorce since his wife was immediately disillusioned with marriage. To make things worse, his own mother gets hit by a milk truck. However, Paul takes comfort in his job as a mall cop. He is seen accompanying a little boy back to his mother. The mother thanks Paul and tells her son to hug him. The boy instead smacks Paul and runs off again. Paul's daughter Maya (Raini Rodriguez) just got her acceptance letter to UCLA. Paul gets a letter inviting him to a security officers convention in Las Vegas. Thinking this could be something big for him, he announces this to Maya and invites her to join him. Not wanting to spoil his joy, she decides not to tell him about her acceptance just yet. The two head off to Vegas and get accommodated at the Wynn Hotel. Paul meets the general manager, a pretty young woman named Divina (Daniella Alonso), though he believes she is making a pass at him, even though she is already seeing the hotel's head of security, Eduardo (Eduardo Verastegui). Maya becomes friends with the hotel's valet Lane (David Henrie). A fellow security guard named Donna (Loni Love) knows of Paul's saving of his mall and drops a hint that he may be the key note speaker that night for the other guards. In the hotel, a criminal named Vincent (Neal McDonough) is plotting with his team to steal valuable artwork from the hotel. They disguise themselves as hotel staff members and plan out their heist. Paul learns that another security guard, Manero (Nicholas Turturro) is giving the speech that night, crushing Paul's spirit. He also becomes too overprotective of Maya, spying on her as she talks to Lane. She sends him off after telling him that he's embarrassing her. Maya later goes out to the pool bar with Lane after telling her dad she was gonna take a bath. When he doesn't find her in there, he freaks out and calls the security to find Maya until she calls him from her phone. The guards leave with annoyance, and Eduardo mocks Paul's profession. Maya finds her dad at the cafe, and he says he found out about UCLA from the letter in Maya's bathrobe. He wants her to stay close to home at a junior college, but Maya gets angry and declares that she's going to UCLA. Paul hangs out with Donna and three other guards - Saul (Gary Valentine), Khan (Shelley Desai), and Gino (Vic Dibitetto) - around the hotel to check out all the cool non-lethal equipment on display. Later, Paul finds Manero drunk as he tries to hit on a woman at the bar. While Paul attempts to diffuse the tension, Manero passes out, and Paul is then given the chance to be the speaker. He calls Maya to ask her to come by, but she is at a party with Lane. As Paul gets ready to give his speech, he decides to get some fresh air, only to come across a wild bird and get into a fight with it. He then goes up to give the speech, while Vincent and his cohorts begin to pull off their heist. Maya ends up walking into their suite, and she is taken hostage. Lane goes looking for her and gets taken as well. Paul gives a rousing speech that moves all the other security guards, as well as Divina, who finds herself inexplicably attracted to Paul with each passing moment. Maya attempts to call Paul, only for him to ignore the calls during the speech. After it ends, Paul calls Maya and learns that Vincent has her. Paul runs to her, only for his hypoglycemia to act up and make him pass out. He gets back on his feet by catching drops of melted ice cream from a little girl's cone. Paul springs into action and takes down a couple of Vincent's goons by sheer dumb luck. He learns what they're trying to steal and plans to stop them while also rescuing Maya and Lane. He gathers all the non-lethal equipment and takes out most of the goons. Meanwhile, Maya escapes the room she's in using the copper wire in a snow globe that Lane gave her to unlock the door. They have to go back to the room since the goons are too close. One goon offers Vincent an oatmeal cookie, but he rejects it since he is terribly allergic. After taking out one goon carrying a Van Gogh painting, Paul contacts Vincent and tells him they'll trade the painting for Maya. Vincent drags Maya out after hearing her tell Lane about Paul's fear of being alone after being divorced, losing his mother, and now having his daughter go away to college. Vincent uses this against Paul, but it doesn't faze him as he got Donna, Saul, Khan, and Gino to join forces with him. They square off against all of Vincent's henchmen as he takes Maya and Lane to the helipad to get away. The security guards clumsily but successfully take out the villains. Paul gets to the rooftop to see Vincent has taken Maya and Lane to the roof of another building. Eduardo goes up to find Paul. Paul thinks he is in on the scheme, but Eduardo is just mad that Paul has attracted Divina's attention. They settle their differences and, with the help of the other guards, including a now sober Manero, Paul uses a zipline to get to the other building and stop Vincent. He uses a gun with some sticky material to take out the remaining henchmen, but he accidentally gets his own feet stuck. Vincent is about to shoot Paul when Maya gets oatmeal lotion and rubs it all over Vincent's face, causing him to go blind and to swell out. Paul jumps out of his shoes and headbutts Vincent, knocking him out cold. The villains are arrested and the artwork is returned safely. Paul makes peace with Eduardo and talks to Divina, who admits her attraction to Paul, but he feels that she must stay with Eduardo (especially since he's crying). She agrees, though Paul immediately realizes he just made a huge mistake. Later, the security guards honor Paul with a medal of valor. Finally, Paul decides that he must let Maya go and supports her choice to go to UCLA. Months later, Paul drops Maya off at the UCLA campus with her new friends. Paul walks back to his car when he spots a policewoman riding a horse downtown. He tries to coolly walk over to her, but she starts to write him a ticket for jaywalking in a business district. He mentions that he's an officer, and the woman instead decides to give him her number. Paul then proudly smacks the horse on the rear, causing it to kick him against his car. The policewoman asks Paul if he's okay. He says he's never been better.
tt3181776
Action,Crime,Thriller
Pre-credits you hear a U.S. senator (Morgan Freeman) speaking to some unseen defense contractors. They are planning to orchestrate an event that will result in a war for them and a higher political office for him. The first scene opens in a bank in South Africa (Cape Town?). A robber gang of four, dressed in mysterious and futuristic garb (they have rows of different colored lights on their suits for identification and all their voices sound the same because they have been electronically modified) ruthlessly torture the bank manager until he opens the safe. The "key" to the safe is the manager's body and after an initial failure, the robbers shove two teeth that they had knocked out back in place, which works to open the safe. The thieves only open and remove the contents of one safety deposit box, which contains diamonds and one other small, unidentified, item. We begin to differentiate between the robbers. Red light and green light appear to be the leaders and violet light seems to be a hot-head who was apparently recruited by the fourth member, blue light. Red light gets in a fight with violet light and they shoot each other. Violet light is hit in the upper shoulder or neck, which does little damage, and red light takes only a nick to the cheek. They struggle and Red lights mask is pulled off, revealing a beautiful young red-haired woman. All the hostages see her face and blue light says she must kill all of them because she's been compromised. She says no and about that time violet light struggles back up and is shot again, this time with fatal result. All the robbers leave the bank and ride away in a van. Blue light removes his mask revealing a bearded man who is very angry with the woman because his friend violet light (Wayne) is dead and because she didn't kill all the witnesses and when green light (also a man) comes to her defense he also turns his anger on him. The woman knocks him unconscious with a left-handed backwards punch. As the thieves split up, the woman reminds the bearded man to lay low for a month and then he will receive "30,000". The man and the woman (now identified as "Alex" or "Alexis Farraday" (Olga Kurylenko) relax in different rooms of a luxury hotel. Alex is seen changing her eye and hair color. She goes to her partner's room and it becomes apparent that they are ex-lovers with Alex being mad with him and him wanting to reconcile. The man says he found "some even better insurance" in with the diamonds and wants Alex to help him with it but is disturbed by a knock on the door. He -- now identified as "Kev" or "Kevin Fuller" (Colin Moss)" -- is expecting a woman who will the original insurance. She (Jessica) is indeed at the door but followed by some gunmen -- actually three men and one woman. Alex hides under the bed, but Kev and Jessica are subdued. Jessica gives up her cell phone with a sex video and is promptly shot in the head. The leader then demands Kevin give over a USB drive, after badly torturing home they kill Kevin, Alex is quiet and unnoticed under the bed. The head "bad guy", Mr. Washington (James Purefoy) is annoyed that Kevin has died prematurely. Alex sneaks out from under the bed and finds a gun but it turns out to be unloaded. An extended chase and running gun battle ensues but in the end, Alex escapes from the hotel. There's a chase scene on the city streets with the bad guys temporarily joined by the police when she runs a red light. However she escapes everyone. Alex shows up at "blue light"''s apartment and he confidently prepares to defend his place but has underestimated his opponents and is quickly killed. In the other room, Alex calls Kev's wife and warns her to get out of town immediately. She also ask her to bring the package containing the diamonds and disk, which she suspects Kevin has stashed at home in his "bug-out bag". Kev's wife insults Alex because she knew of the affair Kev and Alex were having, and refuses to bring the package, if any, however, she reluctantly prepares to leave. Alex hides in a ceiling space and overhears Mr. Washington's plan to kill Kevin's wife and child. He learns of their address by tricking the young boy over the phone. At the Fuller home, Penny Fuller retrieves Kev's bug-out bag from the ceiling of the garage, inadvertently breaking the windshield of her car in the process. We see her look down at the windshield fragments, thoughtfully. Three bad guys race to Kevin Fuller's home while the other group are cleaning up the bodies left behind at the hotel. Alex also gets to the house and another big fight happens in which both baddies are killed (Mr. Washington had already left for the hotel with the bug-out bag). Alex is given the disk by Mrs. Fuller (which leaves us wondering just what was in the bug-out bag) but when she attempts to view the disk on the home computer, it activates a GPS device telling "someone" her location, so she immediately leaves along with Mrs. Fuller and the boy. Mr. Washington receives a phone call from the senator asking about the drive and is annoyed when the senator says he is sending his right-hand man, Doug MacArthur (Karl Thaning) to provide assistance. Mr. Washington is annoyed at this but polite to the senator while on the phone with him. As the cleanup at the hotel is taking place, Washington receives a call from Alex and is tricked into revealing that they are at the hotel. She races to the hotel on a stolen motorbike and then follows him to some abandoned industrial building. Washington has with him two associates, Ms. Clinton (who he thinks well of) and Mr. Jefferson who both he and Clinton think is an idiot. Alex sneaks in and subdues Mr. Jefferson and holds him hostage by holding him with a gun in his mouth. Alex calls Washington and it now is explicitly stated that both the robbers and Mr. Washington's crew were hired by the senator. The robbers weren't told about the drive, only the diamonds, and Washington knew about both and was assigned to kill the robbers. She then deliberately makes Washington and Clinton aware of her presence and attempts to trade Mr. Jefferson for the diamonds (even though she already has the diamonds and the drive). When Washington refuses, she shoots Jefferson through the head. She also activates a bomb she has hidden in Mr. Washington's SUV, but fails to seriously harm him or Clinton. Alex has hidden but again makes her whereabouts known. She gets captured when a third member of Washington's crew appears. She's placed in a chair with her leg in a vice and there is a long torture scene. Washington figures out she was a CIA "entry-specialist" who quit after a job in Beirut went wrong and innocent people were killed. Washington also discovers that the "diamonds" he thought he had were actually just shards of a broken windshield. Alex had placed them in a bag earlier and he hadn 't bothered to look in the bag until later. Alex fagrees to make a trade for the diamonds and drive at 9 PM that night at Cape Town airport. she calls Penny Fuller to confirm the meet. That evening at the airport, what's left of Washington and Clinton show up along with Alexis, in a short black dress, heels and a cane. Penny is there is a dark wig, keeping incognito. Alex is handed a key to a locker at the airport (Penny hands it to her as she walks by). Penny then lingers around the airport with the bug-out bag, which is dripping a bit of blood .Washington is very suspicious of Alex and insists she open the locker and then the box. However, she has tricked him by placing both items in an inner compartment in the box and when this is opened by Ms. Clinton, a bomb goes off. Clinton is seriously wounded in the face but still able to fight. Meanwhile, the third member of the crew has spotted and captured Penny. The airport police are now involved. Clinton defeats a squad of them in hand-to-hand combat but is finally shot. Washington and Alex fight and she wrestles away from him the drive- which Penny had hid in his necktie, earlier. She stuns Washington with a blow to the face and runs toward the terminal door. Washington kills a policeman who gets in his way. All this time, the third baddie has been carrying a subdued Penny through the chaos of the terminal. Alex gets to him and puts a bullet through his head. She runs towards the exit. Washington is surrounded by police just outside the terminal. He stops and raises his hands. Penny pulls off her wig changes her appearance quickly, and tries to exit the terminal. Alex comes out and talks to Washington. She makes a chess comment, "Queen to Bishop 5" then yells out "gun" and dives off. The police open fire and Washington goes down in a hail of bullets. Penny Fuller is held as a witness at first, on the scene, along with all the others, but released when the lead detectives attention is diverted elsewhere. He is shown a bag left on the scene which contains a woman's head, Jessica's. The head has been given a fresh wound to the face because Alex had received such a wound when she was shot at the bank by violet lights. A few diamonds were left on the scene also, however it is revealed that Penny has the bulk of the diamonds in her bag. She leaves to go to her mother's to pick up Matthew, her son. A Squad of Interpol police arrive along with Mr. MacArthur, and take control of everything, but it is too late, Alex gets past security with a fake passport and is on an outbound flight. She has a new tech associate with her and they view the video on the disk. It is of building plans with large bombs in the basement. She calls Washington's cell, McArthur answers and she lets him know she knows the plans. In the closing scenes, the senator and McArthur discuss the situation. The senator wonders whether she is going to be "greedy or a martyr". McArthur indicates that she will be a martyr (be a hero) . The senator mutters that martyrs must die.
tt3501632
Action,Adventure,Comedy
The story opens about two years after the events in 'Avengers: Age of Ultron'. Thor (Chris Hemsworth), having failed in his quest to locate the Infinity Stones and having also been dumped by Jane (although he insists it was a 'mutual dumping') is hanging in chains above a fire pit before being brought before the monstrous fire demon Surtur. Surtur believes his destiny is to bring about Ragnarok, the complete destruction of Asgard. Thor learns from Surtur that Odin (Anthony Hopkins) is not on Asgard, so uses Mjolnir (his hammer) to escape and destroy Surtur, keeping his crown/skull, the demon's power source. Thor returns to Asgard and sends Surtur's skull down to the vaults but then finds Heimdall (Idris Elba) has been replaced as sentry of the Bifrost Bridge by the inept Skurge (Karl Urban) who explains that Odin accused Heimdall of treachery. Heimdall subsequently fled and his whereabouts are unknown. Reaching Asgard, Thor sees a massive statue of Loki (Tom Hiddleston) as well as Odin lounging around, enjoying a play about Loki's 'heroic sacrifice' while fighting the Dark Elves. Realizing what's happened, Thor quickly forces Loki (who usurped and disguised himself as Odin prior to the end of 'Thor: The Dark World') to drop his charade and demands to know what happened to Odin. It is revealed that Loki had placed Odin under a spell and dumped him in a retirement home in New York City. By the time they get there it is being demolished. Before they can plan their next move, Loki is suddenly pulled through a dimensional hole in the sidewalk and a card with an address (177a Bleecker St) is left behind. Thor goes there and finds Doctor Stephen Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch), the mystic guardian of Earth, who agrees to help him find Odin on the condition that all Asgardians leave Earth. Thor agrees, and after doing some research (during which Thor is constantly teleported around Strange's Sanctum, a disorienting experience) Doctor Strange deduces that Odin is in Norway. He then releases Loki from his endless fall, and when Loki tries to attack an exasperated Strange, the doctor unceremoniously sends them both through another portal. They find Odin in Norway sitting near a scenic cliff (having shaken off Loki's spell) and he admits that he is dying and Ragnarok is approaching. Thor insists that when he destroyed Surtur, he prevented Ragnarok. Odin mentions Hela (Cate Blanchett), his true first-born child, the goddess of death and the one who will seize Asgard from Odin's sons. Odin tells Thor and Loki that their (previously unknown) sister was completely consumed by darkness and was sealed away, the only force that continues her exile is Odin himself. He apologizes to Thor for failing him before dying and disappearing. As soon as he's gone, Hela emerges from her prison and engages the two in brief small talk. Seeing that she won't be reasoned with, Thor throws Mjolnir towards her however the goddess easily catches and effortlessly shatters the long-indestructable weapon. Loki, seeing they don't stand a chance, asks to be returned to Asgard via the Bifrost, however Hela also enters the portal, expels Loki and then Thor from it at different points and reaches Asgard. Arriving at the Bifrost Bridge, she quickly kills Volstagg (Ray Stevenson) and Fendral (Zachary Levi) before recruiting a terrified Skurge to her cause. She then heads to Asgard when she kills the entire palace guard single-handedly as well as Hogun (Tadanobu Asano). Thor is deposited by the portal on a planet, Sakaar, which seems to consist entirely of gigantic garbage mounds, fed by giant portals in the skies. He's attacked by several scavengers. Now weapon-less, he is quickly overpowered before his attackers are scared off by the hard-drinking bounty hunter Valkyrie (Tessa Thompson). However she then captures Thor, placing a small shocking device on his neck to pacify him, and takes him to the Grandmaster (Jeff Goldblum) who is delighted with his newest acquisition and decides to put him up against his champion fighter. Thor learns that Loki is also present and has been there for weeks (time moving far quicker on the Grandmaster's planet) during which he has found favor with the Grandmaster. Not wishing to jeopardize his position, Loki pretends not to care about his brother and Thor is thrown in the dungeons where he befriends rock-creature Korg who explains that all who have gone up against the champion have been killed. Meanwhile, Hela enters Asgard's throne room and pulls down the fresco above the throne depicting Odin and the royal family and their benevolent rule of their kingdom and the universe, revealing the darker history of Asgard where Odin and Hela conquered the Nine Realms before she was banished by her father. Hela then heads down to Asgard's vaults and uses Asgard's Eternal Flame to restore her entire army and revive her monstrous wolf, Fenris. (She also dismisses the Infinity Gauntlet that is kept there as a fake). She then attempts to open a portal and conquer all the realms but the Bifrost sword has been taken by Heimdall who has been hiding in the hills and is now sheltering the escaping civilians from Asgard. Thor is taken to the arena and put up against the champion who is revealed to be none other than the Incredible Hulk. Thor is overjoyed to see his old teammate, however the Hulk attacks him. The two bash each other around the area, Thor gaining the upper hand. He tries using Natasha Romanov's calming technique to make him transform back into Bruce Banner (Mark Ruffalo) however it doesn't work and Hulk thrashes him (Loki is very unsettled to again see the creature that gave him a sound beating during his attempted conquest of Earth). Eventually Thor stops holding back and begins to fight, at one point having a vision of Odin causing him to channel raw lightning. However just when he is about to win the Grandmaster, not wanting to see a crowd (and his own) favorite be beaten, shocks Thor into submission. As the Hulk leaps into the air to crush Thor, Thor puts his hand up in defense before everything goes black. On Asgard, Hela has the remaining people rounded up and demands to know where the Bifrost sword is. When no-one comes forward, Hela tells Skurge to execute a random person. Skurge hesitates, but is still about to do it, but before he can make the kill someone comes forward with Heimdall's location. Thor wakes up later in the Hulk's chamber, being pampered by several beautiful women. Thor speaks to Hulk privately (Hulk is now able to speak far more intelligently than he was able to in his last appearance) and learns that he hasn't transformed back into Banner since leaving Earth two years earlier. The Hulk points out that the Quinjet he left Earth with is still in one piece and could be used to escape. He also learns that Valkyrie is an Asgardian who was part of an elite all-female group who were sent up against Hela during her previous assault but were all killed (Valkyrie being the only survivor). Thor tries to convince her to help, but she initially refuses. Although Hulk is happy in his life and wants to stay, he does help Thor acquire the control device for his electronic restraint -- Thor pickpockets it from Valkyrie and removes the shocker from his neck. Thor escapes from Hulk's apartment and reaches the Quinjet, but is chased by Hulk who smashes it half apart. However Thor then plays Black Widow's (Scarlett Johansson) last message to him, prompting the Hulk to transform back into Bruce Banner. Thor explains to Banner, whose last memories are of Sokovia during Ultron's offensive, what has happened. Banner, unable to believe Hulk was able to remain in control for two years, doesn't want to transform again knowing that if he does he might remain the Hulk forever. Valkyrie meets up with Loki and the two engage in a brief fight, and after Loki learns where she comes from he uses his powers to make her remember her last encounter with Hela. Valkyrie has a change of heart and she decides to help Thor return to Asgard, and shows her good will by beating and chaining up Loki. Reuniting, Thor and Loki head down to steal a ship however Loki attempts to betray Thor to the Grandmaster. Thor, expecting such a move by Loki, places the shocking device onto Loki's back. Thor tells his brother he'd hoped he would at least show some capacity for growth and even begin to change for the better, but now he understands Loki will always be a trickster. He then leaves the shocking device turned on with the remote just out of reach. Thor, Banner and Valkyrie steal the Grandmaster's party/orgy ship and, escaping the Grandmaster's clutches, leave through a passageway known as the Devil's Anus. Reaching Asgard just as Hela is about to destroy the remaining population who had attempted to escape through the Bifrost Bridge, Thor engages her in a vicious battle but is still overpowered and loses an eye. Feeling he is useless without his hammer, Thor has a vision of Odin who explains to his son that the hammer simply channeled his powers, reminding him he is the God of Thunder. Odin also tells him that Asgard is not a place but it's people and they can re-establish their society and culture anywhere. Now realizing his full abilities, Thor unleashes a massive lightning bolt repelling Hela. As Valkyrie and Heimdall attempt to hold off Hela's army, Loki unites with Korg and other escaping fighters and procures a ship which he uses to evacuate the Asgardians. Banner also transforms back into Hulk to fight off Fenris. Skurge, feeling guilt over having allied himself with Hela, sacrifices himself to ensure the ship is able to escape. Thor unites with Valkyrie and Loki knowing Hela will soon be back as she is only growing stronger from Asgard's power. Thor suddenly realizes that he cannot stop Ragnarok but must instead bring it about to defeat Hela, and sends Loki down to the vaults to throw Surtur's skull into the Eternal Flame. Loki does so and escapes (it's also heavily implied that he takes the chance to steal the Tessaract) just as Surtur is resurrected and starts laying waste to the kingdom. Hela mounts an offense but it is little use -- Surtur is too powerful and destroys her with his sword. Thor escapes with Loki, Hulk, Heimdall, Valkyrie, Korg and the surviving civilians/prisoners just before Asgard is completely decimated. Although Thor is upset about the destruction of his home, he knows it was necessary to prevent the extinction of his people. He then finally meets his destiny and takes the 'throne' (the captain's chair on the bridge) where his first order is to return to Earth. Mid-Credits Scene: Loki worries over Thor's decision to return to Earth knowing he won't be very welcome there since on his last visit he tried to take over the planet. Thor assures his brother he feels everything will be fine, just as a menacing ship that dwarfs their own appears through the window. Post-Credits Scene: The Grandmaster, who had been chasing Thor, crashes on the garbage planet where he is confronted by the scavengers who are also a bunch of former slaves. He congratulates them on their revolt and agrees to call it a tie.
tt4154664
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
In 1995, on the Kree Empire's capital planet of Hala, warrior and Starforce member Vers suffers from recurring nightmares involving an older woman. Yon-Rogg, her mentor and commander, warns her to control her abilities while the Supreme Intelligence, an organic artificial intelligence who acts as the ruler of the Kree, urges her to keep her emotions in check. While working with official Ronan the Accuser to rescue an undercover spy, Vers is abducted and subjected to a memory probe by a group of Skrulls, alien shapeshifters with whom the Kree Empire is at war. Vers escapes and, after leaving the Skrulls' ship in an escape pod, crash lands on Earth. Her presence attracts the attention of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents Nick Fury and Phil Coulson, whose investigation is interrupted by a Skrull attack. In the ensuing chase, Vers recovers a crystal containing her memories and Fury kills a Skrull impersonating Coulson. Fury later meets and agrees to work with Vers while Skrull commander Talos disguises himself as S.H.I.E.L.D. operative Keller. Using Fury's security clearance, Vers learns she was a pilot who is presumed to have died six years earlier while testing an experimental light-speed engine designed by scientist Wendy Lawson, who she recognizes as the woman from her nightmares. The two escape after "Keller" confronts them, with Lawson's cat Goose stowing away, and pilot a small cargo jet to Louisiana. A meeting with felllow pilot Maria Rambeau and her young daughter Monica reveals Vers' real name is Carol Danvers. Talos, who had tracked her, arrives and asks to speak. Using the black-box recorder of Lawson's crashed plane, Danvers learns an alien spaceship had shot it down - and she now remembers Yon-Rogg killing Lawson, as well as Lawson's warning that the experimental engine's energy-core had to be destroyed to keep it from the wrong hands. Vers shot it and was caught in an ensuing explosion, with her body absorbing the energy. Yon-Rogg brought the amnesiac "Vers" - the remaining portion of "Danvers" on her broken dog tag - to Hala. Talos explains the Skrulls are simply refugees, and Lawson's engine was to help them escape beyond Kree reach. Using coordinates Lawson had given Danvers, she, along with Fury, Monica, and Goose - who for some reason terrifies Talos - fly their Skrull-modified cargo jet to a cloaked ship in orbit. There they find the source of the energy-core's power, the Tesseract - and some Skrull refugees, including Talos' mate and child. Yon-Rogg's Starforce, having tracked them, captures Danvers and places her in VR before the Supreme Intelligence. Enraged at being used, Danvers fights back, and discovers that a Kree implant that purportedly gave her Kree powers was instead limiting them. Accessing her full force, Danvers escapes, gives the Tesseract to Fury for safekeeping, and battles the Starforce to give Rambeau time to fly herself, Fury, and the Skrulls to Earth - along with Goose, who is not a cat but an alien known as a Flerken that can sprout powerful tentacles and whose insides are a pocket dimension where the Tesseract is placed. Rambeau shoots down a pursuing Minn-Erva. Danvers chases an escaping Yon-Rogg and discovers the extent of her powers, including flight. She singlehandedly destroys multiple ballistic missiles that Ronan, called in by Yon-Rogg, has fired at Earth, and forces Ronan's forces to retreat. On Earth, Danvers quickly defeats Yon-Rogg and sends him back to Hala with a warning to the Supreme Intelligence. Danvers agrees to help the Skrulls find a new homeworld, giving Fury a modified pager with which to contact her in an emergency. Fury later drafts a proposal for an initiative, changing the name after finding a photo with Danvers' old call sign of "Avenger". In a present-day mid-credits scene, Danvers meets Avengers Steve Rogers, Natasha Romanoff, Bruce Banner, and James Rhodes, who were monitoring the pager Fury had activated. In an end-credits flashback, Goose coughs up the Tesseract.
tt0475290
Comedy,Drama,Music
Set in Hollywood of the 1950s, the film starts with Eddie Mannix (Josh Brolin) going to confession at a local church. The priest is already used to hearing from Eddie too often. Eddie confesses that he has been hiding his smoking habit from his wife. Eddie drives to a house where a young actress, Gloria DeLamour (Natasha Bassett), is doing a photoshoot while wearing provocative clothing. Eddie has called the cops to get the photographer and then slaps Gloria twice before giving her an alias to protect her image and an alibi. Eddie is revealed to be a fixer for the studio Capitol Pictures, keeping the reputations of the studio's actors safe. He watches a rough cut of "Hail, Caesar!", a historical epic centered around The Christ. Famous actor Baird Whitlock (George Clooney) stars in the lead role of Autolycus. Eddie is seen consulting with a rabbi, Protestant clergyman, Catholic clergyman, and Eastern Orthodox clergyman to discuss the portrayal of Jesus Christ being done properly without offending anyone's views, leading to a debate on the role of Jesus in each religion. In addition to "Hail, Caesar!", Eddie is also involved in the production of a Broadway adaptation called "Merrily We Dance". He gets popular Western star Hobie Doyle (Alden Ehrenreich). We see Hobie performing in a Western film, pulling off cool stunts against the bad guys. When Hobie is brought in to act for "Merrily We Dance", he meets the director, Laurence Laurentz (Ralph Fiennes). The cameras roll, and Hobie is unable to pull off a convincing British accent with his heavy Southern drawl. Laurentz tries to get Hobie to say the line "Would that it were so simple" repeatedly, but he never quite gets it right, leading Laurentz to go complain to Eddie. During the filming of "Hail, Caesar!", an extra (Wayne Knight) pours a powdered substance into a goblet that Baird is supposed to drink out of. Baird shoots the scene and drinks from it. Later, as he walks to his dressing room, the extra and his cohort (Jeff Lewis) follow Baird and catch him as he passes out, and they abduct him. Another issue Eddie has to deal with is actress DeeAnna Moran (Scarlett Johansson). She is introduced doing a mermaid water sequence with a big smile before experiencing discomfort and tossing her crown to someone violently. DeeAnna is pregnant, which spells trouble for her generally wholesome image. Baird wakes up in a house by the beach and walks into a meeting of men gathered in a room. Baird sits with them and learns that they are all communist writers that felt cheated by the studios, and they want Baird to join them in their cause. People notice that Baird has gone missing. Eddie receives a message demanding a ransom of $100,000 for Baird's return, issued by "The Future". As Eddie tries to manage the situation, he is hounded by columnist Thora Thacker (Tilda Swinton) over a story about Baird regarding a film he did years earlier called "On Wings With Eagles." Not long after Thora leaves, Eddie is approached by her twin sister Thessaly, who writes gossip pieces and also wants to do a piece on Baird. A young man on a bike approaches Eddie and says he has a call from "The Future." Eddie runs to his office to answer the call, but they hang up on him. Hobie is already waiting for him in his office. Eddie shows him a suitcase full of the ransom money and explains the situation to Hobie. Meanwhile, Eddie is pursued by a man from Lockheed Martin to leave Hollywood behind and go work for him. We meet actor Burt Gurney (Channing Tatum) in a musical as a sailor who sings with his comrades over seeing "no dames" for the next eight months at sea. Eddie visits C.C. Calhoun (Frances McDormand), who is the editor of "Merrily We Dance". He catches a glimpse of footage from the film. Before it gets to Hobie's part, the reel stops because C.C.'s scarf gets caught in the projector and is choking her. Eddie reverses the reel and saves her. Eddie approaches Arne Seslum (Christopher Lambert), the director with whom DeeAnna had an affair with and fathered her child. He tells Eddie he is married. Eddie resolves to have DeeAnna disappear for a while and "adopt" her own child to hide that it's really hers. They find Joe Silverman (Jonah Hill), a fall guy that has previously been used as a scapegoat to fix someone else's problem. They arrange for Joe to be the foster father to DeeAnna's baby. Hobie is set up with actress Carlotta Valdez (Veronica Osorio) to accompany each other to the premiere of Hobie's movie "Lazy Ol' Moon". The film is a laugh-out-loud riot for the audience. After the movie, Hobie and Carlotta have dinner together as part of the studio's plan to make them look "sweet on each other." Hobie is approached by both Thacker sisters individually to get the scoop on the two of them. From a few tables down, Hobie notices Burt taking the suitcase of money with him. Hobie leaves Carlotta and follows Burt. Hobie follows Burt all the way to the beach house where he finds Baird sitting alone in the meeting room. Baird tries to convince Hobie to join The Future, but he refuses to be a communist and takes Baird with him. Meanwhile, the writers are taking Burt (who is also a communist) to the middle of the ocean where a Soviet submarine rises from the water. Burt takes the suitcase with him as he boards the submarine, but a small dog on the little boat hops over, prompting Burt to catch the dog and drop the suitcase into the water. He boards the submarine, which goes back underwater. As Hobie drives Baird away, the police make their way to the beach house to arrest the writers. When Baird returns, he plans to smear the name of the studio head as The Future would have wanted, but Eddie smacks him twice and tells him to proceed with "Hail, Caesar!" and to not even think about ruining the reputation of the man that made him famous. Baird is then seen performing a monologue in the film as they see Jesus on the cross. The speech is powerfully spoken until Baird forgets one of his lines. Eddie is approached by Thora again in regards to the "On Wings With Eagles" story. Apparently, Baird got the part in that movie by sleeping with Laurentz, but because her source was Burt, Eddie tells her that she would be branded a communist if she were to run that story. Eddie is then approached by his secretary and is told that DeeAnna and Joe met up for dinner and later eloped. In the final scene, Eddie goes to confession one more time. The priest tells him he's not so bad if he comes by too often. He also tells Eddie that God wants everyone to do what is right. This inspires Eddie to stay with Capitol Pictures and continue takfing pride in his job.
tt2674426
Drama,Romance
The opening credits begin to show on a bright white screen. A female voice suggests they 'do this' on their holiday instead of all the mountain climbing her partner has planned. As the camera zooms out, the white becomes recognizable as the creased sheets of a bed. A young couple are having sex under a fluffy duvet. Only their heads are visible. The man is on top. Alicia, a beautiful blonde woman, giggles. Will Traynor (Sam Claflin) smiles and asks her if he should stop. Alicia mentions the time. It is six fifteen. Will gets up to get ready for the office. When he goes into the bathroom, he looks back at Alicia and promises to cook dinner that night. He takes a shower. He is a fit man of around thirty and his body is muscular and well toned. He runs his hands through his wet hair. We see his hands putting an electric toothbrush down by the bathroom basin. He gets dressed and the screen is filled by the image of his hands buttoning up his crisp white shirt, then tying the laces of a pair of highly polished leather shoes. Wearing a business suit, he bends over Alicia, who is still in bed, and kisses her goodbye. Energetically he walks across the spaceous and very bright apartment which is minimalistically furnished almost entirely white. He stops at a long counter and his hand reaches for a motorcycle helmet. Alicia's voice is heard from the bedroom. She tells him to not even think about it because it's raining. He leaves the house on foot, emerging into teeming rain. Already on his mobile phone and talking business, he rushes across the street. A bicycle narrowly misses him. He sees a black London taxi a little way up the street and hails it, then dashes across the road without looking, still talking on the phone, giving instructions to his office mate Freddy. The lights of a speeding motorcycle appear behind him. Will walks straight into path of the oncoming vehicle. Somebody screams. He turns and freezes, his eyes widening in surprise. The screen fades to black and the title of the film appears in white letters. In a cafe in a quaint small town with an imposing ruined castle Louisa 'Lou' Clark (Emilia Clarke) is serving customers. She is wearing a rather childlike outfit in bright colors, with polka dots and bows on her shoes, her legs are encased in canary yellow tights and her hair is tied in two pigtails which are twisted into buns on either side of her neck. She is endearingly sweet and chatty, trying to please everybody with her witty banter. When the last customer has left the cafe, the owner puts a closed sign on the door, tells her that he is sorry, and hands her a small brown envelope containing a month's wages. Lou walks home to the small terraced house where she lives with her parents, her sister Treena (Jenna Coleman), Treena's young son and her grandfather. The small kitchen is crowded. The family is depending on the income of the two girls because father Bernard (Brendan Coyle) is out of work, and it hits them hard that with the cafe closing down Lou is losing her job. They talk about how hard it is to find work. Lou, wearing another brightly colored outfit, is sitting by the track in an athletics stadium. A runner comes along the track. It is Patrick, Lou's steady boyfriend of six years. The jersey he is wearing reads "Young Entrepreneur of the Year". He talks to her about getting a job. Throughout the conversation he keeps running, at times backwards, facing her. Lou is sitting at a desk in the empoyment agency. The kindly clerk tells her that he is running out of options for her, but he consults his computer and finds a fixed-term six months position for a caregiver and companion to a disabled man, with chores like assisting, driving and feeding, but without requirement for special skills. He hints that she might have to change her style of dressing, but tells her that it is close to her home and that the money is very good. He also mentions that it is the fifth time this particular job is being offered. Lou is getting ready for the job interview. Her mother helps her dress in what she considers smart clothes, visibly in the style of the 1980s, which she mentions served herself well in the past. They are a tight fit on Lou, but she smiles bravely and takes the bus to the other side of the castle. Through a door in a high stone wall Lou enters a large gravelled courtyard where several expensive looking cars are parked. She walks across the gravel expanse towards the imposing old stone building with arched windows. A professional looking person in nurse's uniform is walking away from the house, and Camilla Traynor (Janet McTeer) is awaiting Lou by the entrance to the grand house. She greets Lou and asks her in. Lou is nervous. When she sits down, her tight short skirt rips along the side of her leg. She tries to cover it with her jacket while she awkwardly stutters her way through the interview, making a few ill timed attempts at friendly banter. Camilla asks her if she has any experience with quadriplegia, mentioning complete loss of legs and very limited use of arms and hands. Lou admits that she has no experience, but is quick to add that she is a quick learner and will take good care of Mrs. Traynor's husband. Camilla looks at her, then, in a surprisingly soft voice, tells her that it is her son who needs care after being injured in a road accident two years prior. Lou is dumbfounded. Despite the disastrous course of the interview, a reference from Lou's previous employer describing her as chatty, warm and life enhancing has struck a chord with Camilla and she offers Lou the job. Lou is visibly surprised, but delighted, and eagerly agrees to start immediately. Leading Lou across the hallway of the grand house, Camilla explains that Will is not to be left alone for more than fifteen minutes. She opens a door leading into an annex which has been adapted for Will's needs. The spaceous apartment is modern and stylish, but rather dark and sterile, furished in tones of dark grey with natural wood. Camilla slides open the door to the bathroom and Lou stares at a bathroom wheelchair which takes up much of the floor space. Camilla walks across the kitchen towards a frosted glass partition with sliding doors. She knocks on the doors and a male voice with a marked Australian accent answers that Will 'is decent'. Lou enters the room behind Camilla, who introduces her to Will. A young man in nurse's overalls rights himself and stands beside the electric wheelchair Will is sitting in. Will has long hair and an untrimmed beard. He sits in his chair, upright and motionless, his lifeless arms resting on the arm rests, his hand by the controls of the chair. Lou smiles broadly and says hello. Will contorts his face and makes loud inarticulate noises. His mother reprimands him sharply. Lou is horrified. Will's face relaxes and he looks at her, introducing himself in flawless tones. He then makes a pointed remark about her torn skirt. Nathan (Stephen Peacocke), the good looking Australian nurse, gently berates Will, then smiles at Lou and shakes hands with her. Camilla asks Nathan to talk Lou through Will's care regime and equipment. Will aims a biting remark at his mother before she leaves them. Despite Will levelling yet another unkindly comment at her, Lou puts on a brave smile and offers to make tea. Lou's family are delighted, if somewhat surprised, when they hear that she got the job with the fabulously wealthy Traynors. Lou arrives at work the next moring. She is dressed in yet another colorful outfit, her hair tied in two childlike pigtails. Nathan, professional but friendly, is expecting her. He shows her a large file containing Will's care schedule. Lou is overwhelmed by the amount of medication she will have to administer, but visibly relieved when Nathan explains that he will be doing all heavy lifting and attend to delicate physical matters. He assures her that though he has to attend to other patients during the day he will never be far away if she needs to call him. Lou asks him just exactly what is her job. He smiles and suggests it might be to cheer up Will. Lou's efforts to entertain Will are met with sarcasm and bitterness. Eventually he suggests that she be 'very un-chatty' in his presence. Lou swallows, then agrees, saying she will be in the kitchen in case she is needed. She spends the morning reading through the file, familiarizing herself with Will's care requirements. Nathan arrives at lunch time. He greets her and asks how Will is and if he has treated her to his Stephen Hawking impression or if he has stuck with 'My Left Foot'. Then he suggests Lou take lunch while he attends to his patient. That evening, Lou and Treena have a chat in her bedroom. Lou hates the job and is thinking about quitting. Treena intends to go back to college and won't be able to work and help with the family finances. She implores Lou to stick it out for her sake, and kind hearted Lou promises that she will try. Without much enthusiasm Lou keeps going to work, wearing a different crazy outfit every new day, each one eliciting a tortured wince from Will. He mostly ignores her, only occasionally makes unkindly and hurtful remarks, once suggesting she is snooping when, while tidying his bedroom, she picks up one of the framed photos displayed on a console to look at it closely. One morning Will has visitors: Alicia and his best friend Rupert have come to see him. The meeting is an uneasy one. Both visitors try to make excuses why they haven't been to see Will in some time. Then they tell him that they are getting married. The visitors have left and Lou is in the kitchen clearing away the coffee tray. She hears something clattering to the floor and the noise of glass breaking. Terrified, she follows the sound and finds Will in his bedroom, the photos from the console scattered on the floor around the wheels of his chair. She rushes to clean up the broken glass of the frames before it can damage the tires. Lou is sitting outside a pub with Patrick. He tells her the destintion he has picked for their holiday. Lou is underwhelmed at the mention of Norway, but manages to feign some enthusiasm. When she learns that he is going to participate in the Viking Triathlon along with his mates she expresses disappointment. Patrick sees no problem with his choice and condescendingly suggest they can do some sightseeing after his race. Back at work, Lou is trying to mend the broken frames of Will's pictures, also offering to get new ones or bring Will so he can choose his own. He explains that the broken pictures were not an accident and tells her in so many words to stay away from him. Lou loses her patience and good humor for the first time and tells him off for treating her like this when all she does is trying to do her job. She makes it clear that she does not like him or particularly wants to be around him, but is there because this is what his mother is employing her to do, and that she is staying because she badly needs the money. Will quietly asks her to put the photos into a drawer, then withdraws to his lounge, the doors sliding shut behind him. Another morning Will asks Lou to put on a DVD of a foreign film, Des hommes et des dieux. Lou is non-plussed by the French title, guessing it must be something to do with men. Dripping with sarcasm, Will tells her it's French gay porn. Lou refuses to rise to the bait and remains sweet and polite. Will, realizing that she has never watched a foreign film with subtitles and is prejudiced against them, orders her, not unkindly, to sit down and watch it with him. He shoots her intermittent glances out of the corner of his eye as she stares at the screen, utterly transfixed. When the film is over, they have their first friendly conversation, with Lou readily admitting that she absolutely loved the film. Later that day Nathan, passing Lou in the kitchen, comments that Will is in a good mood, having laughed about one of Lou's naive blunders, but is quick to put her at ease that it is all good because it's is the first time in a very long time that Will has laughed about anything. Lou happily smiles to herself. Will has a routine check up in the hospital. Nathan and Lou are waiting outside the consulting room. Nathan, realizing that Lou has not yet grasped the full implications of Will's injuries, explains that his condition is final and he will never be able to move more than his head and a few fingers, having worked very hard for the first year after his accident to achieve the latter, before additional health problems like repeated bouts of pneumonia started to affect him in the wake of the initial spinal cord injury. Lou is stunned. Patrick takes Lou to the cinema. She sees a poster for a foreign film and suggests they watch it. Patrick sneers at the idea and buys tickets for the Will Ferrell film without further consulting her. It is snowing when Lou arrives at the Traynor residence the next morning. In the annex, Will's father Stephen (Charles Dance) emerges from the bedroom, explaining that Will has a slight chill. He mentions that his wife is away and that he has contacted Nathan, then leaves, saying he is on his mobile if he is needed. When Lou checks on Will, he asks her to right his head on the pillows. Lou nervously leans over the bed and gently slides her hands under his head and neck, following his instructions. Will gasps. Lou freezes apprehensively, then smiles with relief when he explains that her hands are cold. Will is pale and looks ill. Lou nervously scans the pages of the care manual. By the time Nathan arrives, delayed by the snow, she is very concerned. Nathan takes one look at Will and jumps into action, pulling back the covers and stripping Will so he can place wet towels on his chest to help reduce his temperature. Lou watches and listens to his instructions, then, with horror, notices the large, recent looking scar on the inside of Will's wrist. When Nathan is satisfied that all will be well, he leaves Lou to look after Will, having to see to another of his patients. Lou sits with the sleeping Will, reading a book. Then she reaches for a laptop, opens the lid and clicks on a video icon. The preview shows a picture of a fit and healthy looking Will, barechested, muscular and tanned. She plugs in earphones and opens the video. Set to the theme tune of the Bond films, there is footage of Will doing various daring action stunts. He wakes and sees her smiling at the laptop. He gently teases her, saying he hopes she is watching French gay porn. Lou closes the lid on the laptop with a gentle repartee and smiles at him. Will asks her why she is still there at this late hour. Lou explains that nobody else is around and that he is stuck with her. She offers him a drink, then tentatively asks him about his accident. He tells her. Lou remembers that he is very weak and apologizes for being chatty, again, and promises to leave him to rest. Will asks her to stay and tell him something good. Lou laughs and tells him that whenever she said this to her father, he would sing her the Molahonkey song. Will asks her to sing it, which she does, badly. He is amused and tells her affectionately that she is insane. Then he asks her to tell him something else which doesn't involve singing. Lou tells him about her favorite glitter wellingtons and a pair of yellow and black stried bumble bee tights she loved above anything when she was little, and how she was heartbroken when she outgrew them and could never find another pair to fit a grown woman. Eventually Will falls asleep and Lou spends the night, curled up in a blanket, reading a book at the foot of his bed. Lou and Will are in the garden of the Traynor estate. He asks her about herself and her crazy clothes. Her innocence and complacency with her station in life irritate him. He encourages her to get out there and expand her horizon, telling her it is her duty to live life to the fullest. Lou changes the topic and mentions that he badly needs a shave, quickly adding a witty remark to lighten the situation. Will looks at her levelly and surprises her by saying that he will let her shave him. In the bathroom, Lou has covered Will's face in shaving cream. He closes his eyes firmly as she starts shaving him with great care. She smiles and gazes at him in wonder as she removes more and more of his beard. When she is finished, Will opens his eyes and a wide grin spreads over his handsome face. Lou goes into the hall of the main residence and leafs through some papers. Through an open door she overhears a heated discussion between Will's parents. Camilla mentions a letter from Switzerland and says to her husband that she cannot believe that he is willing to help their son end his life. He reminds her that they have made a deal with Will that he give them six months, but that she knows it is his wish, and in how much pain he is, adding that he would rather this (referring to assisted suicide) than have him try again, alone. Lou is stunned. Then she leaves the annex without a word, not even responding to Will's cheerful goodbye. Behind her, Will's father can be seen sitting in the lounge with his son. Lou rings her sister and tells her that she needs her. When they meet, she tells Treena what she has overheard and says that she cannot go back to there, now that she knows that she was basically hired as suicide watch. Treena looks at it from another angle.She suggests that with all the money the Traynors have, Lou should show Will a good time and make his last days happy. To make him laugh. Slowly Lou comes around to her way of thinking. She even goes a step further, suggesting she might be able to change Will's mind during the time she has left. Lou goes to the library and does research to find activities she can do with Will, then discusses her plans to take Will out with his parents. They are happy for her to go ahead and try. The next morning Lou bounces into the annex, and through the open door right into Will's bedroom, just when Nathan is lifting him into his wheelchair. She is so excited about her plans for the day that she only comments in passing on the fact that he had his straggly long hair cut short. Lou tells them that they are going to the races. The outing doesn't get off to a good start. She parks the car in a wet field and Will's wheelchair gets stuck in deep, soft mud almost immediately. He quietly endures the indignity of being pushed onto firmer ground by a group of passing lads whom Lou has cheerfully recruited to help them. They watch a couple of races, with Lou being the only one really enjoying herself. Later Lou makes an embarrassing scene when they are refused admission to a restaurant on the grounds that they have the wrong color badges. Lou ignores Will's quiet hints that he would rather not eat in public. Only when Nathan steps in and tells Lou straight out that Will wants to go home, does she give in. Back at home, Will is sitting in his wheelchair in the middle of the lounge, deafening rock music filling the room. Lou comes in. She is quick to admit that the outing to the races was not a good idea, but bravely goes ahead with her next plan. She invites Will to go with her to a concert with music by Mozart, this time giving him the option to decline. Will, after eliciting that she has never been to a classical concert, initially sniggers at the idea of Mozart, then, seemingly begrudgingly agrees to go. When Lou has left the room, a happy grin spreads over his face. Over a webcam Lou discusses dresses for the concert with her sister. Treena is quick to point out that Lou is going on a date with Will Traynor. She tells her to wear her red dress. On the night of the concert Lou arrives at the annex just as Nathan is putting the finishing touches on Will's outfit for the night. When he sees Lou, attired in a flamboyant red dress, with black shoes and her hair loose, a soft pink scarf draped around her neck, an exclamation of admiration excapes him. Will spins around his wheelchair. He is immaculately dressed in tuxedo and black tie. He looks at Lou and tells her to lose the scarf. He is smiling broadly when Lou slowly takes off the scarf and reveals her decolletage. At the concert venue, Lou discreetly directs Will as he carefully maneuvers his wheelchair into the space beside her seat. Despite her efforts to behave like a lady, Lou attracts the attention of onlookers when, not having a scissors to hand, she uses her teeth to remove a tag which is digging into the back of Will's collar. When the music starts, she listens in quiet rapture, Will watching her out of corner of his eye. Lou backs up the car into its parking space outside the Traynor residence. Will gently teases her, saying that she hated the concert. Lou goes along with the banter, then suddenly is honest and admits that she loved it. Will says that he did too. He begs her to wait in the car for another little moment, wanting to feel like a man who has been to a concert with a woman in a red dress for a little longer. Lou and Will are having a picnic. She is sitting on a blanket in the grass, getting up intermittently to feed Will and give him something to drink. She tells him that Patrick wants to meet him. Then adds that so do her parents, and that they have suggested she ask him to her birthday dinner that week. She is quick to add that she has declined, knowing that he dislikes meeting strangers and eating in public. Will surprises her by saying he will come if she wants him to. Nathan is dropping Will off at Lou's home. Her parents, Bernard and Josie, are welcoming him warmly. Will is charming and reacts with grace and wit whenever a situation or topic of conversation threatens to become embarrassing. When Lou's father asks him if he knows the man whose deals caused him to lose his job, Will admits that he has trained him. There is an uneasy silence, but again Will is quick to tide over it, complimenting Josie on the delicious food. Patrick arrives late and is, as usual, preoccupied with himself and his running. He is the only one who stares when Lou is discreetly feeding Will at the table and who insensitively ploughs on when a conversation takes an uncomfortable direction. Later there is cake and presents for Lou. The family have made her a cheap and cheerful photo album with pictures of her throughout her life. She thanks them warmly and shows them how much she loves it. Then Patrick proudly presents her with a piece of jewellery he had specially made for her. Lou is visibly disappointed when she sees it's a necklace with a silver heart inset with the letters of his name, but she does her best to feign enthusiasm. Will observes Patrick stealing a kiss from an unwilling Lou. Then he quietly says that he too has a present for her. He tells her it is in his bag, and she squeezes into the corner behind his wheelchair to take it out. It is a stylish gift box. She opens the lid and is deliriously happy when she sees that it contains a pair of full size yellow and black striped tights. Patrick looks on as gloomily as Lou is insanely excited about the crazy tights and Will looks exceedingly handsome as he is laughing with her. When Nathan comes to drive Will home, all come out to say goodbye. Will thanks them graceously and Lou's mother gives him an affectionate peck on the cheek. Before he leaves, Will makes a pointed remark at Patrick who rises to the bait and answers back. Will delivers a knockout parting shot, telling him he is a lucky guy, having a girlfriend who gives a great bed bath. Patrick is dumbfounded and stares at him while Lou's father can be heard complimenting Will's wit. When Lou arrives in the annex the next day, reading out various events they could attend from a brochure, Will shows her an invitation to Alicia and Rupert's wedding that has arrived in the post. She stops talking. Quietly he asks her if he can take her somewhere. They have gone over to the ruined castle, which is part of the huge Traynor estate. Will leads the way through the ruins and up the ramparts. He tells Lou about his first kiss, which he had in this spot. Then he accelerates up a steep ramp in his wheelchair. Lou follows him, out of breath and worried because of the height and his speed. He tells her about playing in the castle as a child and how it had been his favorite place in the world. Lou says it would still be her favorite place today. Will argues that is because she has not been anywhere. When she asks him where his favorite place is, he tells her about a street cafe in Paris, describing the place in minute detail. Lou suggests they could go there, but he firmly declines. He explains, with sadness, that he only wants to be there as his old fit and healthy self, not as a man in a wheelchair. He mentions various indignities he would rather not endure and which he'd rather not have spoil the memory. Then he says that he will go to Alicia's wedding and asks her if she will come with him. Lou answers that she will if he wants her to. When Lou comes home, she finds her mother dressed to the nines, ready to go out. Her father bursts into the room, excitedly telling her that he has got a job. He has been offered a position as head of the maintenance crew at the castle by Will's father. He stresses that the money is good and Lou's mother proudly adds that he will also be getting his own van. Lou's parents go out to celebrate. Lou is on the phone to Will, knowing he is behind her father's new job, afraid it could make for an awkward relation between them. Will does not see a problem, he argues that it seems perfect, his father needing a maintenance man and her father needing a job and being eminently suitable for the position. Then he adds that it will also give her the chance to spread her wings when her job with him is finished, because her family won't have to rely on her income any longer. Lou is at work in the annex. The doorbell rings and a man wearing a business suit introduces himself and asks for Mr. Traynor. Will asks him in and dismisses Lou in an untypically businesslike manner. Lou watches them talk and sees the man taking papers out of his briefcase. She googles his name and a picture of him comes up. Lou reads with horror that he is an attorney specializing in wills. Lou and Will are attending Alicia's wedding. Will looks on sadly as Alicia walks down the aisle towards Rupert. Later the best man, his former workmate Freddy, comes over to talk to him, while also casting an admiring glance at Lou. When he moves away, Will assures Lou that Freddy is a nice guy and tells her that he fancies her. He is irritated when Lou jokes that he needs to have his eyes checked and tells her quietly that she is beautiful. When the newly weds take to the dance floor, an improbably glamorous middle aged lady (Joanna Lumley) sits down beside Lou and introduces herself as the godmother of the bride, adding immediately that the bride is not somebody she is proud to be morally responsible for. She encourages Lou to get drunk because it is hard to endure the occasion when sober, and also to look after Will, because he is a keeper. Alicia has the good grace to come over and talk to Will, thanking him for coming and for his present, but she is visibly relieved when her duty is done and she can move away. Lou, rather tipsy by now, climbs onto Wills lap and asks him to give her a whirl on the dance floor. She suggests that this will give everybody something to talk about. He drives his chair onto the dance floor and they spin around slowly among the dancing couples. He asks her to move in closer to him. After some lighthearted banter, Will looks Lou into the eyes and tells her that most days she is the only reason that makes him want to get out of his bed. She suggests they go somewhere where they can be happy together. They leave the wedding reception, Lou still sitting on Will's knees, and are seen speeding along a the country lane in the wheelchair. They arrive back home the next morning, having spent the night in a hotel. Camilla reprimands Will for not contacting her to let her know, and Nathan also is worried. He sees at one glance that Will has picked up an infection. He reprimands him for having been drinking and not having made sure all his needs were being properly attended to the previous night. Will, though visibly exhausted, insists that it doesn't matter and that they had a good time. Patrick and Lou quarrel about her putting her work for Will before their own holiday plans. They part without making it up. Lou receives a message on her phone that Will is in hospital. When she arrives there, she sees Nathan and Will's father sitting in a small waiting area outside a private room in the ICU. Camilla is sitting with Will. Lou is stunned when she hears Will has pneumonia, saying all he had on the day of the wedding was a slight cough. Nathan explains that his system is so weak and that the slightest chill can lead to infection of his lungs. Will's father adds that this is his fourth bout of pneumonia and that the previous one had nearly killed him. After spending the night in the hospital and sitting with Will for a while in the morning, Lou is back in the annex, cancelling the reservations for a planned trip. Nathan comes in with a supply of medication. He sits down at the kitchen counter opposite Lou. She looks at him and asks him if he knows, referring to Will's plans to travel to Switzerland to end his life. Nathan says yes, he does, and tries to explain to her just how hard Will's life is, and how much pain he is constantly suffering, even though he hides it when Lou is around, doing everything he can to make her happy. Lou is desperate. She asks Nathan if he would accompany them on one last trip if the doctors agree to Will going. Nathan confirms that he would, telling her that he too wants Will to live, but only if he wants it himself. In Lou's home Patrick is waiting for her with a candle lit dinner. He wants to make up for their tiff on the day of Will's pneumonia. The food is healthy rather than delicious. When he sees a brochure for the trip Lou is planning for Will, he becomes jealous, saying it is not a holiday but a honeymoon. When Lou mentions that Nathan will be coming too, the idea of her on a holiday with two men infuriates him even more. Lou is firm that she is putting Will first and Patrick leaves. Lou is deeply unhappy about their acrimonious parting. Lou, Will and Nathan are travelling in a private jet. Will is much weakened after his recent illness. They arrive at a luxury beach resort in an exotic location. Lou is spending all of her time with Will. Nathan is amusing himself with a pretty blonde when he is not needed. Will and Lou encourage them to spend time together, assuring Nathan that they will be fine. It is night. There is lightning. Lou, dressed in a long white shirt, walks across Will's room to close the French doors. He asks her to leave them open so he can see the lightning. She walks over to him, checking he is all right. He asks her not to go back to her own room. Lou gently lies down on his bed, close beside him, then moves her head over his, her lips close to his. As they kiss, there is more lightning and the electric light in the room goes out. Will has booked Lou on a scuba diving tour. He won't listen to her objections, and when she finally resurfaces after the dive she is ecstatic. At night Lou is slowly dancing on the beach under the stars. Will is sitting in his wheelchair, watching her from the end of a wooden boardwalk, impossibly handsome with a deeply tanned face, dressed in a white shirt and trousers. Lou walks towards him, then sits on his knees. Will say that he needs to tell her something. Lou answers that she knows about Switzerland. She suggests that she can make him happy, and he concedes that life can be good, but adds that he will never be able accept his life as it is now. He speaks of pain and exhaustion, and he insists that he would never want to be the cause of any regrets she might have later in life. He tells her that what she has done for him over the last weeks is the most wonderful thing anybody could have done for him, but firmly adds that this is where it must end for him. Then he asks her to travel to Switzerland and be with him until the end. Lou is distraught. She tells him that she loves him and that she needs him, that she is a new person since she has met him, but that now he is asking her the worst thing imaginable and that she wishes to never see him again, indeed, that she had never met him in the first place. She runs away from him, leaving him to call after her. On the trip home, the mood is subdued. Lou and Will are not talking, but when he is asleep in the jet, Lou gently covers his body with a blanket, then sits opposite him, gazing at him. At the airport back in England, Lou declines an invitation from the Traynors to eat with them and rushes out to catch a bus home. Stephen tries to stop her, but Will says to let her go. Camilla hurries after her. Lou turns and looks at Camilla before boarding the bus. She says she is sorry and that there is no need to pay her. Camilla collapses into the arms of her husband who has followed her. At home, Lou's mother is adamant that Lou did the right thing in declining to accompany Will to Switzerland and forbids her to have anything to do with what she considers to be no better than murder. The next day Lou hears from her father that the Traynors have left for Switzerland. She is distrought, realizes that she has made a huge mistake. Encouraged by her father, she rings the Traynors and travels to Switzerland. When she enters the building of the Swiss clinic, Will's wheelchair is standing abandoned in a corner outside his room. Lou makes a typically clumsy and noisy entrance, eliciting an affectionately sarcastic remark from Will. His parents greet her and seem happy to see her. They move into the adjoining room to give her some time with him. The tiny apartment is airy and furnished tastefully in crisp clean white. Will mischievously asks her if she has come to make his last cup of tea, Lou counters with the statement that she has come to abduct him to Rio. A short look of hope flashes across Camilla's face, but the mood turns sombre, and Will asks Lou to open the door to the garden. Then he asks her to come close. She lies down on the bed beside him. They kiss. She asks him to tell her something good. He starts softly singing the crazy Molahonkey song she has been singing for him on that night when he was ill and when they first started warming to each other. Will's voice grows weaker. He asks her to call in his parents. Then screen shows a close up of his hand, resting on his chest on top of Lou's, his good thumb gently caressing her. The camera shifts to the clean white of the sheets of the bed, which slowly dissolves into whispy clouds on a blue sky. A large leaf falls off a tree, floating gently to the ground beside a pair of lovers kissing on a park bench in Paris. Lou is sitting at a table outside a small coffee shop in Paris. She is reading a letter from Will, the text of which is heard as a voice over in his voice, suggesting that if she has followed instructions, she will be sitting in this particular spot when reading the letter and that hopefully the sun will still be shining. Then the letter informs her that she will be contacted by his solicitor and given access to an account that he has set up for her to help her start a new life away from the small town where they both grew up. He suggests she buy a certain perfume he always thought would suit her in a shop on the other side of the river. The letter ends with a declaration of his eternal love for her. Lou gets up from behind the small table. She is wearing the yellow and black striped tights. She walks across the bridge, goes into the shop mentioned in the letter, then emerges with a small bag in her hand.
tt3659388
Adventure,Drama,Sci-Fi
At the landing site of the shuttle Ares III, Acidalia Planitia, Mars, at a time in the near future, the crew of the Hermes; including Commander Melissa Lewis (Jessica Chastain), botanist Mark Watney (Matt Damon), IT guru Beth Johanssen (Kate Mara), pilot Rick Martinez (Michael Peña), flight surgeon Chris Beck (Sebastian Stan), and navigator and chemist Alex Vogel (Aksel Hennie); are gathering samples before re-entering their living facility, the HAB. The crew learns that a storm is approaching. The storm's intensity and high winds lead Commander Lewis to order a mission abort. Watney argues for waiting it out and brings up the rear as the crew heads toward the MAV (Mars Ascent Vehicle), the ship that will take them back to the orbiting Hermes, in their suits. Heavy winds and sand gusts surround them. A satellite dish breaks off and strikes Watney, knocking him out of sight of the rest of the crew. Lewis tries to guide the others to find Watney, but visibility is very poor and the storm is way too strong for them. They head back into the MAV without Watney and lift off. The pilot, Martinez, is barely able to keep the rocket from toppling but the launch from the planet is successful. Back on Earth, NASA Director Teddy Sanders (Jeff Daniels) holds a press conference to announce that while the Hermes crew succeeded in leaving Mars, Mark Watney was lost, and he is declared dead. Watney wakes up on Mars on what is Sol 21 (mission day 21) after the storm has passed. His oxygen is depleting rapidly, so he makes his way back to the habitat station. He's been impaled by part of an antenna, which still protrudes from his abdomen; the combination of the antenna and his own blood sealed the suit just enough to keep most of his air from leaking out. In a painful procedure, Watney pulls the antenna out, uses forceps to fish out a piece that broke off in the wound, then staples the wound shut. He sits down to make a video log, where he outlines the situation: he's alive, but he can't contact Earth or Hermes; it'll be four years before the next manned mission is launched; and with the food supply in the habitat meant for him and the other five crew members, he has almost a year's worth of food, or a little longer if he rations. Therefore, Watney determines that he has to grow three years' worth of food on a planet where nothing grows. Luckily for him, he's a botanist and devises a plan to grow potatoes. At NASA in Houston, Texas, Sanders has just returned from a memorial service for Mark Watney, where he spoke about Watney's dedication to exploration. Mars Mission Director Vincent Kapoor (Chiwetel Ejiofor) talks to Sanders about getting satellite time to locate Watney's body. Sanders refuses on the grounds that the satellite feeds are public and broadcasting pictures of Watney's corpse would be a political and budgetary disaster for NASA. Later, engineer Mindy Park (Mackenzie Davis) meets with Kapoor after she discovers evidence of activity in satellite photos of the Ares III site (low-resolution images apparently taken in a routine fly-by): the solar panels have been cleaned and the rover has moved. They bring in Sanders and Director of Media Relations Annie Montrose (Kristen Wiig) to show them that Watney is still alive. A few sols (Martian days) later, inside the habitat, Watney has planted potatoes using Martian soil and vacuum-sealed packets of the crew's feces as fertilizer (to his disgust). Needing more water for the potato crop, he burns hydrazine rocket fuel; a byproduct of the reaction is water. On his first attempt to ignite the hydrazine, he causes a moderate explosion, singeing his clothing and hair. Watney notes that this explosive tendency is the reason that NASA does not use pure hydrogen. As he continues to work on his food supply, he keeps going with the video logs and decides to use a rover to make it to the Schiaparelli crater that will be the landing site for Ares IV in four years. Since the battery-powered rover can't cover the whole distance, he modifies it, adding solar cells and an extra battery. To conserve battery power, the pod of plutonium used to get the crew to Mars in their original spacecraft serves as a heat source in the cabin. Watney uses the rover to find a Pathfinder probe that stopped transmitting in 1997; he hopes to use it to get in touch with NASA. He digs the old probe out of the sand, spreads its solar panels to charge the batteries, and discovers that it still works. Using hand-written signs for the Pathfinder's camera, he is able to send a message to NASA confirming that he is alive. Kapoor is able to receive the message because he and colleagues at the Jet Propulsion Lab (JPL), who built the Pathfinders, have pulled another Pathfinder out of storage, rounded up the engineers who worked on it, and got it working again. They manage to communicate with Watney, first by panning the Mars Pathfinder's camera to point at 'yes' or 'no' signs when Watney asks if his signal is being received, and then by panning around a hexadecimal clock that Watney has scratched out on the ground around his Pathfinder. NASA uses this system to tell him how to hack the rover's operating system so it can transmit text back to Earth. When Watney, finally able to type his messages chat-style, asks how the Hermes crew took the news that he wasn't dead, Kapoor regretfully tells him that the crew hasn't been told. Watney responds with obscenities (which are broadcast all over the world). Watney's story becomes a worldwide sensation. His communications with NASA are logged, and at the request of PR Director Annie Montrose he uses the Pathfinder's camera to take a spacesuited selfie (in a two-thumbs-up Fonzie pose) which Montrose doesn't like because she can't see his face. Kapoor reminds her that Mark can't remove his helmet near the camera, which is outside the HAB. Meanwhile, the crew aboard Hermes has spent the last couple of months quietly flying back toward Earth while keeping in touch with their loved ones. The flight director of Ares III, Mitch Henderson (Sean Bean), contacts the crew and informs them that Watney is alive, and that NASA has kept it from them for the last two months so as to not distract them from their mission. The news only makes them angry and guilt-ridden, but Henderson tells them that Watney has stressed repeatedly that it wasn't their fault and they had reason to believe that he was dead. The folks at NASA determine that they can reach Watney by Sol 868. The food he's growing plus the rations in the HAB will run out in a bit over 900 days. Sanders frets that the margin of error is too small. Back on Mars, things begin to go bad for Watney when the habitat's worn-out airlock explosively decompresses, throwing the airlock some distance while he's inside it and causing his helmet to crack and leak. He uses duct tape to seal the cracks and stumbles back to the habitat to discover his potato crop frozen and dead. With less food, he now figures he can last only a little more than 300 Sols, or slightly longer if he rations. NASA and JPL work overtime and quickly launch a probe to resupply Watney. To make their launch window they bypass routine inspections, and moments after launching, the probe's trajectory shifts severely and it swerves off course and explodes. Meanwhile in China, two directors from the Chinese National Space Administration, Zhu Tao (Chen Shu) and Guo Ming (Eddy Ko), witness the explosion and discuss helping NASA by offering their classified booster rocket technology to launch a supply craft. Guo Ming asks Zhu Tao why NASA has not already asked for their help and Zhu Tao reminds him that it is a top secret program that NASA would not have any knowledge of. They decide that in the interests of international scientific co-operation, they will contact NASA and offer their booster rocket. Rich Purnell (Donald Glover) an eccentric and absent-minded but brilliant astrodynamicist, devises a plan to accelerate the returning Hermes around Earth, gaining a gravitational boost and sending it back to Mars to get Watney. The Chinese rocket will resupply the Hermes for its extended voyage. Sanders vetoes this plan because it risks the lives of the five Hermes crew members and will extend their mission by hundreds of days, but Henderson secretly sends the plan and Purnell's course calculations to the crew. The crew talks it over; they understand that the surreptitious arrival of the plan means that NASA brass have rejected the idea. They assume that if they go back to Mars, the two military members, Lewis and Martinez, will be court-martialed for mutiny and the three civilians will never be allowed to fly another mission. Lewis calls for a unanimous vote, and they all agree to go back for Watney. Johanssen hacks the Hermes computers to prevent NASA from taking control and they change course, sending a cryptic message to Houston: "Rich Purnell is a steely-eyed missile man." Sanders is angry with Henderson, who he assumes sent the plan to Hermes. Henderson doesn't deny, but will not confirm his actions either. Sanders explains that his priority is for NASA to keep flying, but Congress is very sensitive to public opinion and the bad publicity that would result if Purnell's plan failed would likely reduce NASA's budget for years to come. He asks for Henderson's resignation when the mission is over. Then he's forced to announce that NASA is sending Hermes back to Mars to rescue Watney. Seven months pass on Mars. Watney has lost a lot of weight, has grown a lot of facial hair, and his teeth are rotting. He's started losing hope in his survival and rescue. He records a video log asking Commander Lewis to let his parents know of his fate. NASA sends him instructions to make extensive modifications to the rover, which Watney bemusedly performs. He packs up the rover and leaves the Ares III site; having spent 461 sols there; and heads for the Ares IV MAV, which was dropped on Mars well ahead of the Ares IV mission. It's a 3200-kilometer drive across a trackless and inhospitable Martian landscape. He stops every day for 13 hours to sleep and re-charge the rover's batteries with solar panels. During his excursion, he reasons that Mars is legally international waters; that is, it's subject to maritime law because it can't be claimed by any country on Earth. As he has not gotten explicit permission from NASA to take the MAV, and cannot get permission until after taking off, commandeering the MAV will make him a space pirate. He would like to be called "Captain Blondbeard." Mark also pontificates about how he's the first person to see the Martian landscape that he travels across and seems to be quite in awe of it. After the Hermes has swung around Earth and collected the supplies, they travel back to Mars. NASA and the rest of the world watch with anticipation; with 12 minutes' delay, no one on Earth can help by radio. Watney has to remove 5000 kg of weight from the MAV to make it light enough to reach Hermes' orbit. He jettisons most of the seats, all the navigation and control systems, and replaces the nose-cone airlock, a crucial structural piece, with a tarp. Martinez, flying the MAV by remote control, launches Watney into orbit. The MAV comes up too low to reach the Hermes spaceship. Vogel constructs a quickly-made sugar and oxygen explosive to blow the front hatch and cause escaping air to slow the huge ship down so they can match speeds and still get to Watney. Lewis herself decides to use the EVA MMA suit with a tether to reach Watney, but she can't get close enough. Watney punctures the palm of his glove to propel himself toward Lewis with the escaping air jet. ("Like Ironman!" he says gleefully.) He has very little control, so he misses her. However, he runs into the tether, which his momentum causes to wind around himself and Lewis, and the crew is able to reel them in. Lewis announces to NASA that they have Watney, and people all over the world cheer. (Crowds have gathered in Houston, Times Square, Beijing, and elsewhere, anxiously waiting to hear whether the rescue worked.) The crew hugs Watney and jokes about the stench resulting from his lack of showering for many months. Back on Earth about one year later, Watney begins Day 1 as an instructor to aspiring astronauts. He tells them of his struggle on Mars, confirming that he did in fact grow food using his own excrement and humorously says he doesn't want to discuss that aspect of the mission again. He tells them that if things should go south for them, they can either accept their fate or start solving problems, because that's how you survive; by overcoming one problem after another. During the closing credits, we see the characters years later as they watch the launch of Ares V, in which Martinez is the commander. Kapoor, Montrose, Park, and Sanders watch from NASA along with Guo Ming & Zhu Tau. Henderson is retired and golfing with his son. Lewis watches at home with her husband, while Vogel is at home with his family. Beck and Johanssen have gotten married and watch from the hospital with their new baby.
tt3460252
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Note: The movie is divided into six narrative sequences, all of which take place chronologically, with the exception of Chapter Five, which takes place before the others. Chapter One: "Last Stage to Red Rock" Set in the dead of winter in post-Civil War Wyoming, Major Marquis "The Bounty Hunter" Warren (Samuel L. Jackson) attempts to hitch a ride on a stagecoach driven by O. B. Jackson (James Parks). Warren is trying to transport the corpses of three outlaws to Red Rock for a handsome reward; O. B. instructs Warren to consult the passenger of the coach, one John "The Hangman" Ruth (Kurt Russell), himself an infamous bounty hunter. Ruth is escorting fugitive Daisy "The Prisoner" Domergue (Jennifer Jason Leigh) to Red Rock - alive - to collect a $10,000 reward, and to see her hanged. To ensure she cannot escape, Ruth has handcuffed her to his own arm. Ruth and Warren know each other, having seen each other in Chattanooga some eight months before. Ruth agrees to let Warren ride with them to a passover called Minnie's Haberdashery, where they intend to take shelter from an oncoming blizzard. While riding, Ruth asks Warren to see his letter written to him by Abraham Lincoln. Warren produces the letter, which Ruth reads. Then Daisy spits on the letter, and Warren hits her in the face, causing her to fall out of the carriage, yanking Ruth out of the carriage as well. Warren signals the driver to stop the coach while Ruth picks himself up. Warren exits the coach to find his letter, and throws snow in Daisy's face. The driver sees another man in the road. Ruth makes Warren put on handcuffs, suspecting the Major is in cahoots with Daisy or the new man. Chapter Two: "Son of a Gun" They are approached by Chris "The Sheriff" Mannix (Walton Goggins), who is also looking to hitch a ride to Red Rock. He says his horse stepped in a hole in the snow, and recognizes Ruth and Warren, but not Daisy. He claims to have been appointed the title of Sheriff of Red Rock and to be the person who is supposed to pay the bounties Ruth and Warren seek to collect. Ruth tells Warren that Mannix is the youngest son of the leader of the "Mannix Marauders", a group who terrorized South Carolina following the Civil War. Mannix refuses to wear handcuffs, and insists on coming aboard since Ruth will be charged with murder if he causes his death. Ruth reluctantly allows Mannix to ride with them, but uncuffs Warren and has him hold a gun on Mannix for the remainder of the ride. Ruth knows Mannix would never work with Warren since he is notoriously racist. On the coach, Mannix says he will buy the two men dinner and a drink at the Haberdashery. Ruth says he does not drink or break bread with rebel renegades. Mannix says, "it sounds like you have an ax to grind against the cause," and Ruth says that there was no cause, just terrorizing people, especially (he points out to Warren) emancipated blacks. Domergue says she supports that kind of thing. Mannix says that Ruth is misinformed by Union newspapers. Mannix asks Warren if Ruth knows how famous Warren once was. Warren's answer is no. Mannix asks if Daisy knows Warren. She says she knows he had a huge bounty from when he Confederacy put a $30,000 on Warren's head, and he was openly suspected in the North of just wanting to kill white people. Warren's bounty fell to $5,000, but people would still try to collect it. Warren says he has killed several of them. Warren, a Union veteran, tells Ruth of how he burned down Wellenbeck prison camp in order to escape. Mannix is offended because many young southern men died there, but Warren is indignant, asking why he should apologize for killing Confederates who wanted to enslave him. Mannix says that he also killed 37 Union prisoners of war. Warren says indifferently that "people die in war." Mannix says "War is hell" is hard to argue with, but that the Union also investigated him following the war. Mannix claims that Warren was ultimately forgiven because of his service in the cavalry during wars against indigenous people. Ruth says that Mannix has no right to talk, given the atrocities that his father inflicted on black people. Mannix says not to talk about his father, who was fighting for the dignity in defeat that southern white men, as the "brothers" of those in the North, deserved. Warren asks how many black towns Mannix raided in this struggle for dignity. Mannix says many, and that when black people are scared, white people are safe. Warren immediately points the gun straight at Mannix's temple and says that if he speaks so hatefully, Warren will kill him immediately. Mannix is very scared, says he only starting talking "politics" by mistake, and goes to sleep. Chapter Three: "Minnie's Haberdashery" The group finally arrive at Minnie's Haberdashery with the blizzard bearing down fast, and they find it in the hands of Bob "The Mexican" (Demian Bichir), who explains that the owner, Minnie Mink (Dana Gourrier), is visiting family for a week and has entrusted the passover to him; Warren is suspicious of Bob's explanation. Ruth and Daisy go inside and meet the others staying at the haberdashery. Oswaldo "The Little Man" Mobray (Tim Roth), introduces himself as the hangman of Red Rock and speaks with an English accent. He asks to see the warrant Ruth is carrying for Daisy. Meanwhile, in the blinding wind of the blizzard outside, Warren, Mannix, O.B. and Bob put the horses away. Mannix and O.B. further set up ropes to find the outhouse and stable in the snow, and Warren stays behind to help Bob with the remaining stablework. Warren asks Bob again where Minnie is, and says it doesn't sound like her to have left Joe "The Cow Puncher" Gage (Michael Madsen), a quiet cowboy and Sanford "The Confederate" Smithers (Bruce Dern), an aging former Confederate General. Ruth, suspicious that they may be trying to ambush him and release Daisy, announces his intent to deliver Daisy to Red Rock alive and forcefully disarms all but Warren of their pistols. Over a dinner of hot stew, Mannix teases Warren over his letter from Abraham Lincoln, saying that there is no chance Warren was friends with Abraham Lincoln. Ruth says that he is surely telling the truth, but Warren reveals that it is a lie. Mannix and Daisy laugh. Ruth spitefully throws stew in Daisy's face. Ruth is angered and loses trust in Warren, saying that it must be true what people say: that you can't trust black people. Warren asks Ruth if he hurt his feelings and Ruth says yes. Warren rebuts by saying that Ruth cannot understand what it is like to be a black man faced with America. Warren says that black people are safe when white people are disarmed, and the letter disarms white people (sets them more at ease). Ruth says it is still a dirty trick to him. Warren points out that it got him a seat on Ruth's stagecoach. Mannix says the letter wouldn't have worked on him. Daisy says she spat on it, and Mannix congratulates her for it. Warren brings Sanford food and asks to join him. Sanford says yes and Warren places a gun on a side table next to Sanford. Warren reveals to Sanford that he murdered Chester Smithers, Sanford's son, in a retaliation for the latter trying to kill him (most likely for the bounty). Warren taunts Sanford with the humiliating details of his son's death, claiming he was forced to march naked in the snow for over two hours and perform fellatio on Warren before being killed. In a fit of rage, Sanford reaches for the gun to shoot Warren, but Warren swiftly draws his other gun and shoots Sanford dead, much to Mannix's dismay. Chapter Four: "Domergue's Got a Secret" Daisy asks to play the guitar and Ruth says yes. A narrator then reveals that while everybody was distracted by Sanford's death, an unseen character slipped poison into the brewing coffee, which only Daisy witnessed. Ruth and O.B. drink the coffee, and Daisy smiles knowingly. She sings a beautiful song on the guitar, which she plays well. Ruth asks to hear another verse as he drinks coffee, and Daisy sings a verse that end with the line "You'll be dead behind me John as I go to Mexico." Ruth becomes furious, takes the guitar and smashes it before handcuffing Daisy to himself once again. Mannix pours himself a cup of coffee. Suddenly Ruth violently vomits blood on the table, just as Mannix is about to take a sip. O.B. also vomits blood, and collapses onto all fours, repeatedly vomiting up more blood. Ruth throws the coffee cup away, and Mannix realizes it was the coffee and throws his cup away too. As Daisy mocks a dying Ruth, the latter tries to kill her, only for her to seize his pistol and shoot him dead. With Ruth and O.B. dead, Warren lines up the rest of the lodgers at gunpoint and throws the key to Ruth's handcuffs in stove, ensuring that Daisy cannot escape. Warren determines that Mannix could not have poisoned the coffee since he was about to drink it himself, so he gives Mannix a spare gun. He goes on to explain that the stew they ate was made by Minnie that morning, so something must have happened to her. Bob asks Warren if he is really accusing him of murder. Warren then explains that Bob's story about Minnie entrusting the place to him cannot be true, since she hated Mexicans. He also finds a dried bloodstain on one of the armchairs, and hypothesizes that Bob murdered Minnie; he knows, however, that Bob cannot be the person who poisoned the coffee since he was playing the piano at the time. He shoots and kills Bob because he knows he was involved in killing Minnie, only to be shot in the groin from underneath the floorboards by a shadowy gunman. Mobray then draws a gun and shoots Mannix, hitting him the thigh, before the latter shoots him back, hitting Mobray in the abdomen. Chapter Five: "The Four Passengers Earlier that morning.... A stagecoach arrives at Minnie's Haberdashery containing the four passengers: Bob, Mobray, Gage, and Jody (Channing Tatum). They are driven by the cheerful and cheeky Six Horse Judy (Zoe Bell), who hails from New Zealand. They are met by Charlie (Keith Jefferson) outside Minnie's. Charlie, a black man, stays outside and helps the carriage driver with his horses before he travels on. Judy leads the passengers inside and introduces them to Minnie Mink. Minnie is shown to be a cheery, black woman perhaps in her thirties, and is there with a black woman, Gemma (Belinda Owino) cooking. Two older white men, Sweet Dave (Gene Jones) and the previously seen Sanford, are playing chess by the hearth. The crew makes small talk for a few minutes before violently massacring everybody in the lodge, leaving only General Sanford alive. Charlie comes in from outside just in time to see the massacre, and is shot by Bob in the doorway (one of the shots destroys the door's latch) before fleeing outside. Mobray asks in Spanish if they should perhaps keep Sanford alive to create the illusion of a more lively setting. They agree to try it, and Jody talks to the old man while his crew starts cleaning up the mess the massacre left. Gage goes to kill Charlie, whom he finds hiding in a shed and shoots in the throat with a shotgun as he begs for his life. Jody explains to Sanford that they are preparing to ambush Ruth to rescue Jody's sister, Daisy, and that they will not kill him if he agrees to keep quiet about their plan. Sanford agrees, and the bandits all prepare for Ruth to arrive: throwing the bodies down the well, hiding guns around the lodge, cleaning up the jelly beans that had spilled. Jody hides in the basement (implying that he was the one who later shot Warren in the crotch from under the floorboards). Chapter Six: "Black Man, White Hell" We cut back to the present as, Warren, in agonizing pain, is confined to a bed while he and a wounded Mannix hold guns on the surviving lodgers - Domergue, Gage, and a mortally wounded Mobray. Warren tells Mannix his genitals are destroyed, and he thinks he will bleed to death. They flush Jody out of the basement by threatening to kill Domergue. Warren shoots Jody through the head, killing him. Domergue becomes hysterical, berating Mannix for working with a black man. She then attempts to strike a deal with Mannix, explaining that her brother was the leader of a notorious gang and that 15 of his men are waiting in Red Rock. Domergue further claims that these men will hunt down Mannix if he kills her, however she will call them off if he kills Warren instead. Mannix tells Warren Domergue has "nothing to sell," but to humor him as he listens to Domergue's offer. They count up the bounties that Mannix could collect: Bob, revealed to be "Marco the Mexican" with a bounty of $12,000, and Mobray, really Pete Hicox, with a bounty of $15,000, and Gage, really Grouch Douglas, has a bounty worth $10,000. Domergue explains that they cannot collect the bounties if they kill her since the gang waiting in Red Rock will kill them. She also says the gang will sack the town and kill all the residents. If Mannix as sheriff wants to protect the town, he should spare her life. Warren shoots Domergue in the foot. Hicox tries to convince Mannix again that they can forgive him what he has done if he kills Warren. Warren shoots Hicox in the leg. The scene is then interrupted when Gage reaches for a pistol that he had previously hidden underneath a table. Mannix and Warren shoot him dead. Warren tries to shoot Domergue, but his gun is out of bullets. Warren begs Mannix for his pistol, Mannix smiles and sits down. He asks Domergue about the offer: he kills Warren, they wait two days, and then he gets the bounties for Oswaldo and Gage. Domergue ascents. Mannix asks about Jody's bounty, since he is worth $50,000. Warren asks Mannix if he is about to make a deal, and Mannix says they're just talking. Domergue says he is being greedy and that she must take that body, since Jody has children. So Mannix goes over the terms again before looking back at Warren. He turns back to Domergue and says "no deal". Domergue says he is making a big mistake, and that the gang will come and kill him. Mannix says that in order for him to be afraid, he would have to believe that those 15 men existed, which he doesn't. Warren laughs. Mannix says Douglas poisoned the coffee and points out that Domergue didn't say anything as he was about to drink the coffee, too- showing that she didn't care about his life. He says she is a liar and is surely just saying what she needs to in order to escape being hanged. He says he suspects that what remains of Jody's gang is lying dead on the floor. Domergue replies that Jody leads an army of men, but Mannix interrupts her and says that his father led an army, a renegade army fighting for a lost cause- 400 men who followed because of their respect for his command. Warren nods appreciatively, then Mannix says he doesn't feel so good and collapses on the floor, fainting due to his leg wound. Daisy cuts Ruth's handcuffed arm off with a machete, freeing herself, before reaching for the gun Douglas dropped on the floor. Mannix suddenly wakes up (or reveals himself to have been playing possum) and shoots Daisy, wounding her. As he prepares to shoot her again, Warren convinces him to spare her so that they can hang her, just as Ruth wanted to. Since Ruth saved their lives from the storm, they can act out his last wish: to see Domergue hanged. Domergue is hanged from the rafters of the lodge. Mannix pronounces it as his first and final act as sheriff of Red Rock. Mannix is left lying on top of Warren, but then he drops down off the bed and onto the floor. The two men delight in seeing Domergue slowly strangle to death in accordance with Ruth's final wishes and the law. Mannix asks Warren if he can read his letter. Mannix takes the letter in his bloody hands and reads it aloud. In it "Abraham Lincoln" praises Warren for his service and expresses the belief that racial progress is being made slowly in America. Mannix remarks on the final line of the letter, "Ol' Mary Todd is calling so I guess it's time for bed," that it was a nice touch, and Warren thanks him. Mannix crumples the letter up and throws it away, and the movie ends with Mannix and Warren waiting to die.
tt0448115
Action,Adventure,Comedy
In Winter 1974. a young Thaddeus Sivana and his older brother are driven home by their father. While playing with his magic 8 ball, Sivana is magically transported to the Rock of Eternity, where he meets a wizard, who introduced him to the mystical statues containing the spirits of the Seven Deadly Sins: Pride, Greed, Lust, Envy, Gluttony, Wrath, and Sloth. The last of a council of 7, the wizard spent centuries searching for a new champion. Put to a test to see if he is pure of heart, Sivana attempts to touch the eye of envy, failing the test. Transported back to the car, he causes a scene in which his brother hits him, and his father to crash on ice, injured. The magic 8 ball reads "find me". A few years before modern day, Billy is at a carnival with his mother, who plays darts in vain to get a tiger. Afterwards, Billy loses a pendant ball he has and chases after it, separating from his mother. Lost, he is picked up by police who gets him to a foster home. In present day Philadelphia, Billy Batson lures and traps police officers into a pawn shop, using their computer in hopes of searching the address of his long lost mother. Traveling, he is disappointed. He is found and brought to a social services worker who puts him with the Vasqueze family, and the other siblings, Eugene, Darla, Pedro, Mary and Freddy. In the office building of Sivana Industries, a woman tells a doctor about her experience and shares a video. Sivana takes the video to his office where he had a project that tracked people who had similar sightings around the word, and the video enabled him to find access to the wizard's lair. When questioned about it, Sivana turns the doctor into dust. He uses the symbols to access the lair, confronts the wizard, and touches the energy ball by Enzy, unleashing the Seven Deadly Sins. They form into an eye and sits at home and latches itself into his right eye. At school, the foster children shows Billy around the school, as he adjusts. At lunch Freddie sits with Billy and after trying to pester him for a few minutes in attempts to get him to known him better. Outside, bullies drive him and hit Freddie. Billy stands up to the bullies and hits them with Freddie's walking stick, and runs into the subway to avoid them. While on the train, symbols appear and he enters the Rock of Eternity. The wizard reveals he had previously given his to someone else, but had turned evil and killed numerous people and released the seven deadly sins. The wizard vowed to search for someone who possessed a pure of heart, leading him to search for millennia. He chooses Billy, who has to say the word Shazam. Billy says the word, and transforms into the champion Shazam, and the wizard disappears. Shazam returns to Philadelphia and returns to the foster home and meets with Freddie. Testing all the abilities, lightning, super speed, and strength. They enter a store and stop an armed robbery. Heading home, he discovers he reverts to his other form by saying Shazam. At Sivana industries, Dr Sivana barges into a corporate meeting hosted by his brother and father, who had lost his legs in the accident from the night in 1974. A confrontation between the siblings results in Sivana throwing his brother out of the window and showing off the sins in his eyes, slaughtering everyone in the room, including his father. Freddie posts videos of Shazam's powers, going viral. Freddie and Billy are in school and skip school when Billy poses as Shazam to check them out. Leaving, they get around to test fire immunity, flight, and strength. Happy, they walk through a mall where they use the lightning ability to charge people's cell phones, get sodas for free, attempt to purchase a lair from a real estate agent, and going to a strip club. He comes out and says we need more money. They go to an ATM, zapping it and taking some of the money, using it to purchase merchandise. Next day at school - the bullies begin to mess with Freddie and Billy again until Freddie tells them he knows the new hero "Red Cyclone" - they don't believe him but he promises and tells them that he'll get him to show up to lunch tomorrow. Freddie and Billy get into a bit of an argument over him just assuming and trying to use Billy for his powers. That night at dinner the father asks the family what they think of the new hero - everyone gives input and Freddie takes a dig at Shazam and then him and Billy get into a bit of an argument leaving the rest of the family confused. At school the next day, Billy decides not to attend school because he wants to find his mother, despite Freddie asking for lunch. Shazam does various things, taking selfies, and showing off lightning for money. He sees and saves Mary from being hit by a car, and talking to her makes him realize she is upset that, because of college, she will have to leave her family. Shazam accidentally reveals he knew her name and housing situation, but leaves. Freddie finds Shazam and tries to talk to him, yet Shazam tries to diffuse it, shooting lighting that hits the tires of a bus across the city, sending it off the side of the bridge. Catching it, Shazam puts it on the concrete, only to be promptly told he's not using his powers right. Hearing the commotion, Dr. Sivana shows up and demands the powers that Shazam possesses. Brushing him off, Shazam is promptly thrown around and lands through a mall, while discovering his ability to fly. Sivana hunts him down, but Shazam transforms back into Billy and runs. Freddie is there and is taken hostage by Sivana, who demands to be taken to Billy. Billy shows up, and they know with Eugene telling him where his mother is; she is only 2 subway stops away. Billy rushes out of his house, with his foster parents in tow. Back at the house, Sivana shows up with Freddie and traps the children. Billy arrives at his mothers apartment complex. His mother informs Billy he was intentionally abandoned on that day, and saw him with the police and that he would be better cared by others, since she was 17. Leaving, he receives a call and Sivana tells him to come home. Billy jumps off the apartment building and transforms to Shazam and flies home. Shazam decides to give up the power to save his family and Sivana opens a magical door to the Rock of Eternity. Taking the wizard's staff, Sivana unleashes the 7 deadly sins. The siblings enter the cave and distract Sivana long enough for them to run and exit into a winter carnival. Sivana and the sins attack the Carnival, shooting at a Ferris wheel, almost tipping over. Sivana and Shazam fight all around the carnival. Getting a hold of the wizard's stick, Shazam and his family, yell his name, and transmits his power to his family, transforming them into the Shazam family, each an adult superhero. Each fighting one sin, Shazam engages with Sivana while flying through skyscrapers. As it goes to tip over - Freddie flies in and saves the last two people on it - the bullies. Shazam and Sivana end up on a rooftop and Shazam goads the one deadly sin who remained -- Envy. It rips itself out from Sivana's eye and Shazam yells Shazam, hurting it. Sivana is knocked off the roof, now mortal. Shazam grabs Sivana and drags him to the carnival, ripping the magical eye out. Saving the day, the Shazam family basks in the cheers of the crowd, takes the eye back to the lair, and return the sins for keeping. Shazam and Freddie decide this is their lair. Back at the foster home, everyone returned to their original form and are watching a news cast of the carnival instance, with Santa Claus describing the event. The foster family all talk and laugh and Billy finally feels happy and safe accepting a family. At school, Freddie sits down at lunch and the entire table leaves so all his siblings come and sit next to him. The bullies show up and ask if he's still friends with Red Cyclone - Shazam shows up and tells the school how Freddie showed him everything it means to be a hero and that he also brought another friend - Superman. In the mid-credits scene, Sivana in a prison cell doodling the symbols all over the wall in a futile effort to reopen the portal until he's interrupted by the alien caterpillar, Mister Mind, who tells him of the pillars of evil that will come together. In the post credits scene, Shazam tries to talk to fish a la Aquaman.
tt2938956
Action,Thriller
In the year 1995 somewhere in a French Rivera city on a typical evening, a group of teenage girls, prostitutes, are on the street, strolling for customers under the watchful eyes of their local black pimps. A van rolls up and a man gets out. One of the black pimps tells him to keep moving, as he's working. "So am I", the man says and opens fire with an assault rifle. The man, a Russian named Arkady Karasov (Radivoje Bukvic) and his partners, Yuri (Yuri Kolokolnikov) and Leo Imasova (Lenn Kudrjawizki) continue to fire on the men, killing them and causing their working girls to flee. Karasov sees one man survived and lets him live with a warning to his bosses that this territory is theirs now. Karasov whistles and a van of his "girls" complete with necklaces with the shape of a knife through the heart (to signify they're his "property") are made to stand on the same street where the murders took place. One of the girls Anna (Loan Chabanol) is visibly shaken by what has happened. Meanwhile, Karasov notices one of the previous French pimps working girls, Maissa (Noémie Lenoir) is still standing where her bosses just got murdered. Karasov asks her if she wants to work for him and she quickly says 'yes'. Charmed by her ability to get in line and know her place, Karasov offers her a ride with him (implying she will be a kept woman and will not be forced to have sex like the others) and she quickly gets into the car. Karasov then yells at the others to get to work. Anna stands on the street corner, tears in her eyes. 15 YEARS LATER Anna is in a nice restaurant. She receives a call and tells the person on the other side of the line that the plan is in motion. A group of six local thugs in a parking garage spot a black Audi. They walk up to it, planning to steal it. Frank Martin (Ed Skrein) sees this and uses his phone to open the two front doors, knocking two of them to the ground. Seeing, Frank, the leader of the thugs tells him to hand over the keys. Frank says that's not going to happen. The six thugs attack Frank, and he makes short work of them using his martial arts training, and using their own weapons (knives, a taser) against them. He has the leader in a headlock when he looks at his watch. "You're going to make me late," Frank says. "I hate being late." Frank knocks him out and drives away. Frank drives and looks at his watch, sighing. He's late. Frank picks up his father, Martin Sr. (Ray Stevenson). Martin Sr. tells his son that he late. Frank says he is only 30 seconds late, but his father counters late is late regardless of the time. As they drive off, Frank asks his dad about his retirement and Martin Sr. says he will now get 791 Euros a month in retirement money. Frank gets a call with an unlisted number. His father asks if he is going to answer it. Frank shakes his head no. "I don't use the phone when I'm driving," he says. Meanwhile, a Chinese woman, named Qiao (Wenxia Yu), is in a hotel room with two men, waiting for Anna. One of the men, the accountant of Karasov's money, is angry that Anna is late since he is the one that pays them. Anna finally arrives and the man says they should get the party started. "My sentiments exactly," Anna replies before pulling a silenced pistol out her bag and shooting the accountant and his guard in the head. Anna and Qiao get to work, setting up a line of towels that lead out of the bathroom to the bodies. Anna then adds in the body of a dead independent prostitute to fake Qiao's death, making sure to add Karasov's necklace to the body. They use lighter fluid and a dryer in running water to cause a fire and burn all three bodies past recognition. Frank and his father have dinner at his house. Frank asks what he has planned for the future. Martin Sr. he plans to buy a boat with the money he has saved up. Frank dryly comments on that despite his father working in "water purification" he always worked in dangerous locations implying that Martin Sr. used that as a cover to be a soldier/spy. Frank gets a call from the same unlisted number. Anna asks if he is willing to do a job. Frank says he doesn't take contracts over the phone and asks to meet. Anna says okay and sets a meet for 2:00 pm the next day. Meanwhile, Karasov is on his yacht, surrounded by women and his two partners, Yuri and Imasova. Maissa is still there, as Karasov's loyal de facto girlfriend/kept woman. Maissa gets a call and hands it to Karasov. There has been an "accident" involving the accountant. Karasov and Maissa meet with Inspector Bectaoui (Samir Guesmi) who shows him the corpses of the three bodies, saying the first two have been identified. Karasov asks why he wasted him time showing them then. Bectaoui then shows him the third body, of a woman and asks if he recognizes one of his "hostesses." Karasov insists he is a legitimate businessman but Bectaoui counters he is not accusing him of anything and it would be a moot point to do so since many on the force have enjoyed the company of his hostesses. Karasov makes it clear that if he does try to accuse him, he better have an army with him. Frank meets with Anna at a local restaurant and lays out his three rules: there will be no names mentioned between them (at least not real names), the deal cannot be changed once it's agreed on, and he is not to know what he is transporting. All of the rules are so he can maintain plausible deniability in case things go wrong. Anna says he will be picking up one passenger (herself) and transporting two packages for a total of 104 kilos to their destination from the Mediterranean Bank in three hours. Frank agrees to the terms, and says one minute after 5:00 pm he leaves, with or without her. Frank leaves to get ready. Anna calls someone on her phone, telling them they are good to go. Meanwhile, Martin Sr. is at the store, buying an expensive bottle of wine. Frank is at a local mechanic shop, working on his car to get it ready. He calls his dad and tells him he will have to miss dinner since some things came up. Martin Sr. sees a pretty woman needing to change a flat tire, and tells his son he will just have to share dinner with someone else. Frank says that sounds good and hangs up. Martin Sr. goes up to the woman and offers to help her change the tire. When he is distracted, she pulls out a stun gun and knocks him unconscious, stuffing him in the trunk. The woman is Gina (Gabriella Wright), Anna's third and final conspirator in her plot. At 5:00 pm, Frank is waiting outside the bank. Anna appears in a blue dress and a blonde wig. Frank asks where the two packages are. Anna says they will be there in a minute. Frank counts down the seconds. As he does, two other women, a Slav named Maria (Tatiana Pajkovic) and Qiao in a similar disguise as Anna, get into the car. Frank asks what is going on and Anna explains that Maria and Qiao are her packages and weigh exactly what she told him. Frank wants to bail, thinking she is changing the deal, when Maria pulls out a gun and puts it to his head. Frank is less than scared, saying that isn't the first time a gun has been put to his head. Maria replies it will be the first time someone fires it though. Needing him to move (since nearby police are getting suspicious) Anna shows him a cell phone video of his father, who they have kidnapped in order to ensure his cooperation. Frank having no other choice revs the engine and drives away from the bank with the police in fast pursuit. Despite throwing numerous police cars and motorcycle officers his way, Frank is able to evade them all, putting most of them out of commission via car crashes due to precise turns and movements. He takes the three to a parking garage where they switch cars. Anna asks why they are leaving evidence behind but Frank says they are not, and pushes a button, blowing up the car and every trace they were in it. Karasov meets with the bank manager who shows him the video footage of Anna and her conspirators taking him hostage. However, they only broke into the safety deposit box of Karasov's accountant which had jewels, some money, and a little black book ledger. Karasov vows to find out who is responsible and make them pay. Maissa says she will do an "inventory" of their girls and see if anyone is missing, in case this is an inside job. Frank drives the three women back to their safe house, where he sees his father handcuffed and calmly drinking a beer. Anna wants to talk about a new deal, but Frank will have none of it. He just wants his father back and to leave. However, Anna tells him that his father has been poisoned and will die within 12 hours if he is not given an antidote, which only they have. Frank can kill them, but if he does, he kills his father too. Frank seethes in anger but has no choice but to go along with the next step of their plan. Meanwhile, Karasov meets with Maissa who has lined up all the girls Karasov currently owns. She says four are missing. Since Karasov believes one of the girls was killed in the hotel fire, he believes three of his girls are doing this to him. Back at the safe house, Frank notices Anna's necklace and recognizing it, quickly realizes that the plan Anna and her friends are trying to accomplish isn't just about the money; it is personal revenge against Karasov, the man they hold responsible for ruining their lives. Frank drives Anna to a hospital. Frank asks why they are here. Anna asks if he has ever played doctor. Frank, with a stolen white jacket, poses as a doctor with Anna in a wheelchair as a patient. He calls an office and poses as 'Dr. Smith', coming for some gases necessary for surgery. When they get to the office, they knock out the guy at the desk and steal a tank of gas. Meanwhile at the safe house, Martin Sr. watches a soccer game with Gina, drinking vodka. They talk about her home country and Martin Sr. impresses her a bit with his knowledge of it. She leans in to kiss him, having been seduced a bit by him, only to be interrupted by Qiao who tells her they got the gas, so the next stage of their plan can begin. Maria walks up to a local gang and asks if they speak English and are willing to make one thousand Euros each. The men all quickly agree and follow her. Yuri is at his plane, where he lives all the time. He wants to leave but they don't have clearance. Yuri tells his guard he wants the pilot to leave the second they can. Maria goes to a hotel bar and picks up a man and takes him back to his room. As soon as she gets him inside, she pulls out a gun and tells him to sit down. Frank drives Anna to a club that Imasova owns. Gina and Qiao are already there, once again in their blue dresses and blonde wigs to avoid identification. Frank parks around back (after knocking out a guard) and tells them he will replace the tank. After they do what they need to do, they will meet back at the car. Anna, Gina, and Qiao go into the club and dance with some of the guys as well as each other to kill time. Frank finds the fog machine system and switches out one of the tanks for the gas. He then texts Anna that the tank is ready so she and her two friends race to the bathroom and put on gas masks they had hidden there earlier. Meanwhile, when caught messing with the tanks, Frank is forced to knock out a club employee. When he drags him into a break room he accidentally locks the door. Turning around, he is surprised to see three other men there. Frank tries to make up a story of the guy being sick but they don't buy it. Frank notes they probably wont just give him the key to open the door. The men stand up and begin to fight Frank. Back in the main club area, the DJ hits the fog machine button and it pumps the gas into the building, knocking out Imasova and everyone else. Anna, Gina and Qiao walk through the club and get to his office and copy his fingerprints with a scanner. They are now able to access his bank accounts. Using the ledger, the find the right code and log in. Frank is still battling the men in the break room and a fourth man joins the fray. He uses a vacuum cord to twist and subdue some of the men into positions where he can hit them. Trapped in a narrow hallway, Frank uses the shelving units to beat and incapacitate the men. Moving back into the main room, Frank fights the four with pipes, knocking them out. Back in Imasova's office, Anna transfers 100 million of his money into her account. The three get back to the car but Frank isn't there. Anna calls Frank who is still busy with the goons. Taking the call and realizing he has to leave, Frank ties a vacuum cord around the leg of one man who tries to still fight him and string him up over the rafters. He then holds that man in place by looping the other end of the cord around the neck of a second man. He pockets the key and leaves, but not before telling them they should have just given him the key in the first place. Frank finally meets them at the car, only to see four more men have arrived outside to stop them. Frank and the three girls get inside the car. Frank opens the sun roof and puts the car into neutral. He tells them no matter what, not to touch a thing in the car until he gets back. Frank steps outside and begins to systemically beat every man that comes out trying to stop him. Despite that, Qiao and Gina freak out about the car still moving towards a locked gate and want to stop it. Anna says they will listen and wait for Frank. Frank eventually knocks out the last guy, climbs back through the sun roof and floors the car through the gate, making their escape. "We're late," Frank says. "My dad hates when I'm late." The next morning, Yuri learns he can finally take off in his plane. A pilot and a stewardess arrive. It is Martin Sr. and Maria. Yuri wants to know what happened to his pilot and Martin Sr. says that he got food poisoning from bad oysters. Yuri calls the pilot, who is being held hostage by the gang that Maria recruited. The pilot vouches for Martin Sr., which calms Yuri. Martin Sr. gets ready to take off while Maria, under Yuri's request, pours some champagne. However, she laces it with a drug to knock him out. Yuri tells his guard to retire to the back room, and asks Maria to keep him company as he takes a sip. Yuri passes out due to the drugs. Maria locks the room where Yuri's guard is. She takes Yuri's fingerprints via scanner, so the group can access his money too. She then calls the gang in the pilot's hotel room to let him go and gives them the combination to the safe, which has their payment. As Martin Sr. pretends to take off, Maria comes in and tells him "its done." The co-pilot realizes something is wrong so Martin Sr. knocks him out and they proceed to flee. However the co-pilot slumps over the controls and accidentally causes the plane to accelerate to the shock of the control tower that can no longer get in contact with him. Martin Sr. and Maria go down to the emergency exit hatch of the plane, but at the speed the plane is moving at, they cannot escape without getting themselves killed in the process. He calls his son, who is nearby with the other girls in the car. As police units converge on the plane, and Yuri's guard breaks through his locked door, Frank drives under the hatch and times it with his father for him and Maria to jump. Just as they are about to jump though, Maria is shot by Yuri's guard, and Martin Sr. must return fire. The two are still able to jump into the car safely and the six drive off, with two cop cars in pursuit. Meanwhile, Yuri comes to, and is able to get to the control and stop the plane before he drives off the runway. Back in the car, Frank is looking for a mode of escape. He sees a ramp that is used for passengers and sees that at a certain moment it will line up with a tunnel that leads right back to the terminal. Timing his jump perfectly, Frank drives the car up the ramp back into the tunnel, racing the car through the terminal and out the front entrance, escaping. Karasov is in bed with Maissa looking at an old military photo. He sees Frank. Apparently they served together. He gets a text from Imasova saying he has been robbed. Back at the safe house, the five pull the wounded Maria out of the car. Frank wants nothing to do with it, saying he just wants the antidote for his father. Anna reveals they lied, there was no poison. Frank wants to leave, but his father wants to save Maria and together the five improvise to get the bullet out of her and close up the wound until they can properly patch her up. Martin Sr. pulls out the bullet and with a combination of sugar and cobwebs they close up the wound for the time being. Karasov meets with Imasova at the nightclub who explains that he and all his customers were knocked out by gas and his money is gone. Imasova shows him security footage of Frank fighting his men, and Karasov confirms for himself that Frank is responsible in part for his recent misfortune. Imasova is angry, thinking that Karasov is trying to double cross him, but Karasov denies it. He asks for six hours to bring those responsible to justice. At the safe house, Frank watches as his father has some fun with Gina and Qiao. He goes into another room and douses his busted hands in ice water to dull the pain. Anna comes in and apologizes for what she has put him and his father through and wants to make it up to him. She disrobes and they kiss and have sex. Later in bed, Anna tells him that no matter what happens she will finish what she has started. Frank asks when she was forced into prostitution and Anna tells him at age 12. As an increasingly horrified Frank listens to her story, Anna explains she grew up in an impoverished town with few opportunities. She had just come home from working at a factory when she saw her mother talking with a handsome man in a nice suit. The man was Karasov. He told Anna that she could work for him. Her mother told her it was okay and Anna went with him. It wasn't until it was too late that Anna realized that her own mother sold her for 500 dollars. Because of her family betrayal, and Karasov ruining not only her life but countless others, Anna will not stop her plan to collapse his entire empire. "Do you know what it feels like to be considered trash?" Anna asks Frank. Frank gets dressed and gets his father who is in the bed with Gina and Qiao. "Time to go Dad," Frank says. "Really?" Martin Sr. replies with a hint of whine in his voice. Martin Sr. goes with his son, telling the girls goodbye. As they drive off, Martin Sr. and Frank discuss the various dark things they have seen in their lives and relate it to what Anna and her friends have experienced. "Being sold into prostitution, where death is the only option out is pretty dark," Martin Sr. notes, feeling great sympathy for them. Martin Sr. asks what his son is going to do. Frank tells him he is going to drop him off, then go to Paris for a while until the heat dies down. He wants to forget any of them existed. Martin Sr. chastises him for running away from people that need help, saying that is not the son he raised. Frank then says he spent years trying to do the right thing and in the end it got him nothing (implying his time in the service was marred by being forced out by corrupt influences). "It doesnt mean you stop doing the right thing," Martin Sr. says. Frank drops his father off at the consulate. "Send me a post card from Paris," Martin Sr. says, disappointed in his son. Frank drives off. A moment later he gets a call from his father. But it is actually Karasov who has kidnapped him. He tells Frank that he knows he has access to the girls that stole from him and he is to deliver them to Karasov if he wants to see his father alive again. Frank returns to Anna's safe house and explains the situation as she, Maria and Qiao burn all their equipment. Frank notices Gina missing, and Anna says she went back to her family. They always made the crimes always look like three people were committing them so in case things went bad, one of them would be able to escape. Anna says they will help him save his father. Frank and the girls drive to Karasov's location. They are taken to his boat via a speedboat. When he sees Frank, Karasov mocks him, saying it wasn't his fault the rest of their squad wanted to make some money on the side. If he had just played along, nothing would have happened (implying Frank was forced out of the army due to trying to implicate Karasov in corruption). Frank says he went to serve, not make money. Frank says he brought the thieves and asks for his father. Martin Sr. is brought into the room. Suddenly, Yuri and Imasova arrive with their guards. Karasov asks what they are doing on his boat. They tell him he texted them to have a meeting. Besides, they are suspicious of him already. They want to know what happened to their money. Meanwhile, someone in scuba gear dives under the boat and gets inside to the electrical mainframe. It is revealed to be Gina. She never left. Shes integral to the final phase of the plan. Anna then tells Yuri and Imasova that they were ordered by Karasov to steal their money and his show of finding them was just a means to tie up loose ends. Karasov tells her to shut up but his two partners and their guards pull guns and allow her to keep talking. Karasov tells the two he is going to put his gun down and show them his bank accounts, and prove his innocence. As he logs in, Gina supersedes him, and transfers the 200 million they stole into his account. When Yuri and Imasova see that, their suspicions are confirmed. The standoff boils over and breaks into a huge gunfight that leaves Yuri, Imasova, and many of their guards dead. Unfortunately, Maria and Qiao are also killed as well. With no gun, Frank is forced to use a fire extinguisher to blind the remaining gunmen so he, his father, and Anna can escape. As they charge out however, Karasov grabs Anna and drags her away. Meanwhile, Maissa discovers someone hacked the boat and goes down to investigate. Gina, still down in the controls, transfers all the money, all 320 million dollars back to Anna, wiping Karasov out completely. Maissa finds her and shoots her in her back, pushing her out of the way. Maissa tries to log back into the system and recover the money but cannot. Seeing a piece of rope, Gina uses what is left of her strength and strangles Maissa to death. Martin Sr. finds Gina and begs her to hold on. Gina tells him she's sorry and dies in his arms, much to his sadness. Frank in the meantime gets into a fight with some of Karasov's men in a room filled with medieval weaponry. He takes a battle axes and trades blow with one man until it eventually breaks. Finally, he grabs an orange flotation donut and twists the two men through it, leaving them stranded. Karasov pushes Anna into a speedboat and takes off. Anna calls out to Frank as he is attacked on deck. Frank quickly dispatches the goon, throwing him overboard. Jumping off the boat, he lands on the back of a jet ski where a goon is already on it. Frank kicks him off and gives pursuit. Karasov gets to land and drags Anna into a SUV and knocks her out. As he is about to drive away, Frank drives the jet ski on to the sand and jumps off, kicking through the passenger side window and kicking Karasov out of the car. Karasov runs for the cliffs with Frank not far behind. Anna comes to in the car. She finds a gun and makes sure it is loaded. On the cliffs, Karasov and Frank fight. First just hand to hand. Then Karasov pulls out a knife and slashes Frank a few times. Then he picks up rocks trying to beat Frank to death. They trade blows until Karasov has the means to bash Franks head with a rock. Before he can though, Anna shows up and shoots him four times in the chest. His dead body falls from the cliff to the waters below. Anna screams out in a combination of relief, agony, and sadness, knowing that it is finally over. However, Frank knows that she is the one that called Yuri and Imasova. She made sure Martin Sr. was kidnapped, so Frank would have no choice but to deliver Anna and the others to Karasov and thus be there to save them all. Now, she has to kill him to erase any trace of what she has done. Anna breaking down, tells him to stop, to not get any closer. Frank then says if he needed to be dead, why did she save him? He gets closer to Anna and makes her put the gun down. Frank tells Anna that her friends died for her, and Anna says she would have done the same for them. Frank says that whatever she wanted out of all of this had better been worth it. Frank tells her to go before kissing her one last time. "Is that the deal?" Anna asks. "That's the deal, Frank replies. Anna gets off the mountains and goes back to the car. She looks at Frank one last time, sadly, and then drives away. An undetermined time later, Martin Sr. is being interrogated by Inspector Bectaoui. Martin Sr. denies having anything to do with the mess and cannot identify the man who killed Karasov. Bectaoui has no choice but to release him, having no just cause to keep him locked up as a person of interest. Frank is waiting outside the police station, reading a paper detailing the death of Karasov and the dissolution of his criminal empire. Frank says they should go get dinner with a nice bottle of wine. Martin Sr. says that is the first smart thing he has said. They drive off. ONE MONTH LATER Anna, in a large mansion, free from her life of prostitution, sits at her pool with a tablet. Looking at her bank accounts, she begins to transfer money. She gives 75 million each to the families of Maria, Gina, and Qiao so they will never have to endure the horrors their daughters did. In addition she sends 10 million each to Frank and his father for their trouble, leaving the last 75 million for her, allowing Anna to have a life of peace.
tt2446980
Drama
The film opens with a scene from a soap opera. One woman (Donna Mills) convinces another woman (Susan Lucci) that she needs to be a strong woman. Hands her a gun. Two male actors walk up and add to the scene, all filmed in a master shot from set so you can see how silly it looks when seen this way. We are told this film is a true story is inspired by strong women everywhere but mostly one in particular. The films narrator introduces herself she is Mimi (Diane Ladd) who introduces the girls we see playing outside her dad's auto body shop is a young Joy, there is her half-sister Peggy (from Joy's father's previous marriage), and there is Joy's close friend, Jackie. Mimi also introduces us to Joy's mother her daughter, Carrie (Virginia Madsen) who is obsessed with soap operas and Joy's father, Rudy (Robert De Niro), the owner of the auto shop. We also see Mimi for the first time when she tries to instill confidence in Joy despite her dysfunctional upbringing she tells Joy she is going to grow up to be a strong woman, meet a nice man, have beautiful children, and is going to build wonderful things. Young Joy is an inventor and she has built a house made of paper in her room. She tells her half-sister, Peggy, a story about a princess and her friends that live in the house Joy, herself, is represented by an origami swan and invited to play. Peggy tells her there needs to be a prince if there is a princess in the but Joy is adamant that there is no prince. In present day, Carrie (Joy's mom) is now watching a soap opera in her bedroom, which she never leaves. Because of this, Joy constantly has to cater to her and take care of her. At this moment, the adult Joy (Jennifer Lawrence) is in her airline uniform, looking in her mother's closet for the lanyard she needs for work. Instead she finds an old dog collar. She shows it to her mother, reminding her she invented it after choking their dog on a walk -- it has a breakaway material so dogs can't be choked. But her mom wouldn't get a patent for her and now another company has patented it and is selling it. Carrie just responds that she doesn't know how to do patents. We meet Joy's two children as she wrangles them up. The doorbell rings, surprising everyone. It turns out to be Joy's father who is having problems with his girlfriend of two years so he's moving back into the basement. Joy says he cant because her ex-husband lives down there. Carrie tells Rudy he can't stay there and he mocks her for watching soap operas and never leaving her room -- he tells her she's like a gas leak that is silently killing them all. They get into a quarrel and Rudy breaks a bunch of things, which upsets Carrie. Rudy goes downstairs into the basement to move in and Joy's ex-husband, Tony (Édgar Ramírez) is down there practicing a song in Spanish for an upcoming gig. Rudy and Tony begin to bicker. Joy tells them not to kill each other and uses a roll of toilet paper to divide the room in half. She goes upstairs, charging out the door with her cup of coffee to get to work. At the airline desk, a customer yells at her and throws her itinerary in Joy's face, demanding to speak to her manager. Joy's coworkers pull her aside and tell her she's been moved to the night shift which Joy points out she can't do because of her family. Joy visits her dad at his shop, tells him about her job. Her older half sister, the adult Peggy (Elisabeth Röhm) is there, and she tells Joy she should take over Peggy's position at the shop so she can do more important, managerial things for the company. She obviously has rivalry towards Joy and a self-aggrandizing attitude. It is mentioned that they have gun practice across the street (which will come into play later). Rudy makes a phone call about a woman he liked -- he reveals to Joy he joined a service via a 900-number where he finds single women based on their four digit ID number. He talks on the phone to his selection, who is named Trudy -- he finds this funny as his name is Rudy. At home, Carrie continues watching soaps in bed while Joy tries to fix a huge leak under her floorboards. The entire bedroom is flooding and Joy chastises her mom for rinsing her hairbrush (and hair) in the sink. It is now so clogged, Joy says it's beyond her abilities and she'll have to call a plumber. Carrie is nervous about a man coming into her room because she has retreated from the world. Joy falls asleep while the soap opera plays and dreams she is in a soap opera, with the characters from the show harassing her alongside her own family. We now flashback to what Joy's life has been like and why her family causes her such anxiety. Her parents get divorced 17 years earlier. They argue over visitation rights and Rudy accidentally destroys the origami house that was shown to be so important to Young Joy earlier. Years later, Joy's childhood friend Jackie (Dascha Polanco) invites Joy to a house party. When they arrive, a Mexican band is on stage, singing in Spanish. The lead singer is Tony, who grabs Joy and begins dancing with her. They go to the back room and have a conversation -- he brags that he's going to be a famous singer, the next Tom Jones. She tells him she was valedictorian of her class and got into a great college in Boston but had to give up on her dreams to stay home to watch her recluse mom. He tells Joy that her dreams are just on hold. The next time we see the two, they are performing in a musical theater show together. As fake snow falls on the stage, they sing a song to each other. Then we see their wedding. While Rudy is putting Joy's veil on her head, he tells her she should have married a lawyer or a doctor. She is annoyed he is telling her this at that specific moment (her wedding). When it's time to give a toast, Rudy goes into a huge speech about he likes Joy more than Peggy, he acknowledges his new girlfriend (the one who kicked him out at the beginning of the film), and tells Joy that her marriage won't last. He then accidentally breaks the glass he is toasting with. Cut to Joy and Tony fighting, with their two kids in the room. He thinks she's mad at him because he hasn't becoming famous and is just playing gigs at the same club over and over. She tells him it's because he drinks too much hence his current hangover. Her infant son begins to cry in Joys arms. Back to present day. There is a ring at the doorbell. Joy now remembers she hired a plumber, who is a handsome black man from Haiti named Tousssaint. At first, Carrie is very nervous about him entering the room, citing a soap opera plot line where a woman is kidnapped in her home. Carrie asks Toussaint how long hell be; he says it should only take a day. She then asks if he can put a sheet up so she can have her own space while he works. He politely agrees and calls her mademoiselle. This changes her feelings about him and she now seems entranced. Joy joins Rudy and his new girlfriend, Trudy (Isabella Rosallina) on a date. She is an Italian woman whose husband has recently just died and she has been left with a lot of money. She tells Rudy about her husband's boat that she inherited and invites Rudy's family for a trip. Trudy asks them to bring wine but not red wine because it will stain the wood that her husband has had laid down on the deck. Cut to Tony bringing bottles of red wine onto the boat despite Trudy's discouragement. The yacht gets rocky and everyone struggles to keep his or her glasses from spilling. Joy's glass actually breaks which horrifies Trudy. While the others lounge, Joy tries to mop up the glass and when she goes to wring the mop, she finds her hands are all cut up from shards of glass. Back at her house, Joy's cuts are catered to. She begins to fall asleep on the stairs, terrified of sleeping in her bed because of all the weird dreams she's been having (i.e. the soap opera dream). The group gives her children's cough syrup to put her to sleep. When she wakes up, she begins thinking. She has a new idea for an invention. She runs upstairs to her daughter's room and begins drawing out her idea in crayon. Studies the yarn on a doll's hair. When Joy next sees Tony, she tells him she needs him to move out. He needs to get on with his life. Her father is ecstatic that he will now have the basement to himself but she tells him to move out, too. She says she has an idea for a new invention and she needs Trudy to put up the money. Rudy arranges for Trudy to pitch the idea in his office. Joy explains that she wants to design a self-wringing mop that you never have to touch, using her crayon drawings as visual aids. While she gives her speech, the work in the auto shop drowns out her voice so Rudy has to tell them to be quiet via the intercom. Trudy is skeptical, saying Joy doesn't have a prototype but instead just some drawing. Rudy chimes in, saying Trudy will have to see a model of what she is envisioning. Joy goes to one of the welders in her dad's shop and asks him if he can weld something for her. Joy works and develops a mold of what she wants. Her mother surprises her by leaving her room to say hello -- the plumber, Toussaint, is with her and it's obvious they are smitten with each other. Joy now pitches the prototype to Trudy, in the office again. This time, Jackie and Peggy are there. Joy loops 300 feet of cotton around Jackie's hands for several minutes until it's all combined into a mop head. She demonstrates how this means the mop is one continuous loop, which can easily be cleaned (instead of individual strings like most mop heads). She also adds you can remove it and clean it off in the washing machine. Trudy gives a speech that her husband worked hard every day for 50 years to earn his fortune and he said he would never forgive her if she mismanaged even one dollar. She was given four questions for prospective investment deals -- the first is, where did Joy go to high school? The second is, what was her position in school? (Joy answers she was valedictorian). This appeases Trudy. Peggy interjects, saying Joy has never run a business in her life. She points out that shes been managing the auto shop and any investments should go towards that and not Joy. Jackie interjects, asking what the third question is. Trudy asks if Joy can promise a return in six months. Joy agrees which makes Tony nervous. Joy is then asked the fourth question, which is in the form of an analogy -- "There is a gun on the table. The only other person in the room is an adversary in commerce. Only one of you can prevail. Do you pick up the gun?" Joy says it's a weird question but assures her she will, in fact, pick up the gun. Trudy says she will have to tell her lawyers that Joy said that. She's also going to check that there aren't any existing patents similar. After Trudy's lawyer does a search, he finds a patent filed in Texas for a similar design by someone in Hong Kong. They work with a manufacturing plant in California and so Trudy arranged that they would be a part of the enterprise in exchange for providing work for the plant. It's cheaper, anyway, than manufacturing it locally so Joy doesn't have any issue with this. Edgar is angry, complaining that Trudy's lawyer doesn't specialize in but Rudy tells him to shut up and they bicker as usual. Trudy gives Joy $50,000 to start up the operation. The plant in California sends over parts but they have overcharged her, billing her for redoing mistakes they made. This makes everyone nervous that they're dealing with unscrupulous people. Joy phones Gerhardt, the man who filed the patent in Texas, and tells him that he's overcharging her. He claims they were redoing her mistakes but she is not stupid and points out it was the plant's and he's trying to take advantage of her. She tells him she wont pay the overcharges. Joy hangs up to end the discussion, which impresses everyone else. She then tells all those in the office never to pay the overcharges. Now Joy has to find a place to sell the mops. She starts by going to the head of a local store and pitches the mop to him. He tells her he doesn't want to sell a $20 mop that you only have to buy once -- he wants to sell a $5 mop that you have to buy hundreds of in your lifetime. The fact that the mop only needs to be purchased one time is a bad thing, in his mind, because there's no return revenue. Now, with an excess of product, Joy has to try to sell one by one. With her daughter in tow, she sets up a display in the parking lot of Kmart and tries to convince women passing by to purchase one. Nobody stops or engages in conversation. So Jackie jumps in and Joy walks by with her daughter, pretending to be a customer who is talked into trying the mop. Right as people begin to take notice, the police come and confiscate the mops, telling her she can't solicit customers in their parking lot. Joy is upset they have taken three of her mops and goes back to her car -- she has to kick the car door to get it to open. When she gets home, there is a bill taped to the door -- she hasn't paid the phone bill. Joy has now reached a new low. She has been given a huge loan from Trudy but cannot find any way to sell the product. Then Tony, her ex-husband, visits and tells her he might have a friend who can help her sell the mop. (Its now clear that even though their marriage didn't work out, they still care a lot about each other). Tony drives Joy to Amish country for a meeting but the large corporate building they're headed to isn't related to the Amish it just happens to be nearby. They wait and wait all day but are ignored -- Tony hadn't scheduled a meeting; he just happens to know someone who works there. That friend comes out and says they have to come back tomorrow for a possible chance to meet the guy in charge. Joy demands just two minutes and steps inside with her mop. There is a large meeting going on in a boardroom and Joy promises she just needs two minutes. She tells them about the mop but the guys just make sexual references when she talks about wringing the head. The man in charge Neil Walker (Bradley Cooper) apologizes, says they're tired after a long day. He asks her if she knows where she is. She says, no. He tells her the company is QVC and gives a history of his track record -- he was a manager of several Kmart's and worked his way up and up until he became appointed to run QVC. He tells her it stands for Quality, Value, Convenience. They sell great products, not junk, which is what her mop is. She confidently tells him it's not junk. In the QVC bathroom, Joy mops up the entire place until it is clean. She points out that she didn't have to wring the mop once because it has 300 feet of continuous cotton. She then points to the adjacent kitchen, saying she has cleaned all over the toilet and would he use his family mop to then clean the kitchen, spreading those germs? With her mop, he can remove the mop head and wash it in the washing machine. Neil is convinced and he asks her if she can get 50,000 units by next week. Joy tells him, "I think so." Neil shows Joy around the makeup room in the building. The male spokesman is having a meltdown and he calms him down by telling him hes the best seller which upsets a spokeswoman seated nearby. Joy then is led out into the rotating studio. A dog runs to Joy as the stage rotates and it's revealed to belong to Joan Rivers (Melissa Rivers, playing her real-life mother). Neil points out they use celebrities to sell along with their hosts. We see Joan and the spokeswoman sell jewelry to the audience. Neil points out they're masterful at selling the product with their hands. The phones light up. The jewelry sells thousands and thousands, all kept track of on a large display nearby while dozens of phones are answered and callers gush about the product on air. Joy realizes she can sell out all her mops with this opportunity. But she needs more money. Trudy is reluctant to give Joy another $200,000 because she hasn't gotten her initial investment back. Peggy complains again, saying Joy shouldn't get that kind of loan when she actually has ideas that pertain to her father's business. Trudy decides it is only fair if Joy takes on the risk herself, putting up half of the money. It is suggested that she takes out a second mortgage. Joy is nervous but confident enough in QVC that she agrees. Now, realizing she might lose her home, Joy goes over to the gun range behind her father's shop. She asks the man if she can shoot off a few rounds. He tells her he's seen her grow up, coming in and out of the shop, but never talked to her. Joy shoots several rounds, apparently hitting her targets (we don't see). She then hands back the gun, having gotten the rage out of her system. An operation is set up in Rudy's auto shop, with the order supply is kicked up to fill the 50,000 units. Joy is polite and speaks in Spanish to a group of women who she trains to assemble the mops. Joy and her family gather around the TV to watch her mop being sold on QVC. The spokesman tries to demonstrate how to use it but he doesn't know how instead he drips water all over his shoes and complains about getting wet. No calls come in. After dead air, they move on to another product. Joys family is horrified they have $250,000 tied up into this product selling. Joy receives a phone call from Neil. She tells him the salesperson didn't know how to use the product but he said it just wasn't a good product. She explains she is going to lose her home; he tells her that her contract says QVC will cover one-third of the expenses lost but even that isn't guaranteed. Trudy is distraught, saying she will have to declare bankruptcy and suggests Joy does, too. Instead Joy drives to the studio, demands a meeting with Neil. She tells him she has to be the one on camera. He tells her, "We don't use regular people. We use spokesmodels and celebrities". He asks her if she's ever been on TV before, points out that most people freeze when the camera is on them. She tells him she uses the product so she will be the one to sell it. He is finally sold when she points out her demonstration in the QVC bathroom is what convinced him to put it on the air. Backstage, Joy gets all dolled up in the same makeup room she saw during the tour. She is given an early 90s hairstyle and then changes into a poofy black early 90s style dress. She tells Neil she wants to make just one change. She comes out and her hair is down and she's wearing a shirt and trousers. Joy tells Neil that's what she wears and that outfit is her. Joan Rivers walks by and says Joy looks good but she should be in a skirt to show off her great legs. Joy says she's going to have to ignore Joan Rivers suggestion. Now Joy goes on the QVC stage. The camera rolls. Countdown. And then she freezes. She mumbles on-air that she's Joy and doesn't know what else to say. The family is watching once again from home. At the station, there is dead air. Everyone is panicking. Then a stage manager says they have a call. Neil says to patch it through. Joy is confused; how can they have a call already? She hears Jackie's voice asking her about the mop. Joy perks up, knowing who's on the other end. She tells the caller that its a mop with 300 feet of continuous cotton that you can clean an entire floor with, without having to wring it. Jackie replies, "That's perfect for my family. I want three". Now Joy gets more confident and begins pitching the mop. The phones light up. Orders pour through. After its sold tens of thousands, she tells the audience she hasn't told them the best part you can remove the mop head and wash it in the washing machine. At the end of the broadcast, it has sold 50,000 units. Neil congratulates Joy backstage. She said she was afraid he was going to tell her the counter was broken. Joy goes on the QVC again, now selling 100,000 units. Neil tells her he is proud of her, and says that if they ever become adversaries in commerce, he hopes they'll still respect each other. The love fest is broken up when Joy receives an urgent phone call. The next scene shows Joy at the funeral of Mimi (ironically, Mimi narrates this event). Peggy shows up to the funeral late. Back at the house, Joy learns that Peggy was attending to some business in California. The manufacturing plant halted production until it could get more money. Peggy claims she took care of it by paying the money owed (when they overcharged Joy) and offering an extra $2 a unit. Joy is shocked, pointing out that if they paid that price, they would lose money. She now has to go to California herself with the argument that Peggy doesn't represent her company. She tells Peggy, Never speak on my behalf about my business again. Joy arrives in California in a dilapidated manufacturing factory. The waiting room has her mop on display, listed as their latest invention. When a man notices Joy waiting, she asks to speak to Marv Brickman but is told he's not there. But Marv shows up and begins to debate with Joy about the deal he's made with her half-sister. She says she didn't approve that deal and she will go broke if she agreed to it. Joy finds it funny that ever since they had a lot of sales on TV, the plant want to demand more money. She accuses him of shaking them down. He tells her she should be paying more now because the increase in demand causes wear on their machines, that her molds break and have to be replaced every day. She is skeptical of her molds needing daily replacement and asks to see them. She is told no. It's obvious she's not getting anywhere with them. She asks to use their bathroom. In the bathroom, Joy notices a side door that opens up into the factory. On a table is a blueprint of her mop design that they are claiming is their own. Marv finds Joy there and she screams at him, saying its her design. She tries to take back the molds but the police come and arrest her. Marv said he called them as soon as she showed up in the building. Outside, Joy is arrested for trespassing and put into a cop car. Joy is bailed out of jail by Trudy, who has flown to California with Rudy and Joy's daughter. Trudy points out that not only is she at a loss of over $150,000 but they now have new expenses flying there, bailing Joy out of jail. Joy has been told by their lawyer that when Peggy paid off the overcharges, it validated Joys work relationship with the factory. She can go to court and explain that Peggy had no jurisdiction to make business decisions on her behalf but the court case will take years and they'll probably not even rule in her favor she shares a patent with the guy in Texas, therefore its his product as well as hers. Joy complains that they should have dealt with a patent lawyer, like Tony had originally said. Trudy and Rudy tell Joy they need her to declare bankruptcy and a notary is outside the room, with the paperwork. Rudy tells Joy its his own fault for giving her the confidence to think she was more than just an unemployed housewife. Joy now begins crying, tells her young daughter never to believe that shes special or that the world owes her anything. Her daughter reminds Joy of Mimi's prophecy but Joy says Mimi was wrong; she wont achieve dreams. Hesitantly, Joy signs the bankruptcy papers. She then tears her crayon designs for the mop off the wall. Joy goes to sleep. Then in the middle of the night, she cuts off her long hair in the bathroom. With a shorter hairdo, she seems more mature and now has a new confidence about her. Joy flies out to Texas. She walks into her hotel and goes into her room. A man enters shortly after. She asks if hes Gerhardt. He says he could be or he could have been sent as a representative. Joy tells him that last night, she was distraught and called Hong Kong at 1:00 AM which is 5:00 PM their time she mumbles that it always amuses her how time works like that. When she mentioned to the Hong Kong inventor (who hired Gerhardt) about the patent, he said he was never told about the deal Gerhardt made with Joy. She points out this is fraud. She then looked into his design and realized its nothing like her own mop, after all. This is another count of fraud. She said her lawyers are very insistent that she file a lawsuit on these grounds. Immediately, Gerhardt backpedals and says hell pay back the $50,000 initial investment. Joy isn't happy with this deal. He offers another $20,000. She ignores him. Then he offers another $50,000. She now acknowledges him and suggests he adds interest, too. He does. She smiles and pulls out a contract that absolves their relationships. She writes in that he will pay her $50,000 plus $50,000 and interest. He signs. Joy walks down the street confidently. She looks into a stores window display. There is a house inside similar to the one she created as a young girl. A TV in the window says, Is it snowing? and on cue, fake snow begins to fall on her from overhead. Joy walks away. Mimi tells us, as the narrator, that Joy didn't know, when she walked down the street, what her life was going to become. We now see a giant estate and are told Joy moved into a nice home. She had 100 more inventions things like velvet hangers who conserve closet space. Hundreds of million sold because apparently this is the kind of thing that consumers want. Joy employed her family and remained close to them, even after they sued her, claiming they were owed some of her money and that they were more involved in the inventions than they were. Neil stops by and visits Joy on her estate. He wants her to work on the Home Shopping Network as QVCs biggest success story but she is hesitant. Their fondness for each other is adamant after all these years. Joy sets up an office in her house for inventors like herself. A woman comes in with her husband and baby. Joy is very sweet and respectful to her, unlike the men she met with when she was pitching the Miracle Mop. Joy asks the lady where she's from, what hotel she's staying at. The woman shows her product to Joy a lint roller you can bring with you when you travel. Joy compliments the prototype and asks the woman to come back tomorrow. The woman tells her she only has one day off from work. Joy says she will have her team make a call to ensure the woman can stay an extra day. She also upgrades the woman to a nicer hotel so shell have more room for her baby. Joy says shes eager to have the design team meet with the lady so they can begin working on developing her invention for mass consumption.
tt2679042
Action,Crime,Thriller
In the opening text, the Agent program was started to create genetically enhanced men to use as unstoppable killing machines. An organization known as Syndicate International is seeking out Dr. Litvenko, the man that started the program. However, Syndicate has located a young woman, named Katia Van Dees (Hannah Ware) with ties to Litvenko. Several Syndicate mercenaries track down Katia's location and head out to find her. They are in pursuit when someone detonates a bomb in the street, taking out one of their vans. The mercenaries and Syndicate doctors try to find out who is responsible. They are cornered by Agent 47 (Rupert Friend). He kills two men before leaving one doctor alive long enough for him to tell 47 where Katia is. After this, the doctor is killed by a bomb planted by 47. The Agent then proceeds to kill every other man in the building. Syndicate's chairman, Le Clerq (Thomas Kretschmann), is informed of the killings at the research facility and demands that he be stopped. Agent 47 gets in contact with his handler Diana (Angelababy). He has two new targets to take care of. Katia is desperately looking for a man that she feels she has some connection to. She also doesn't know why she can see or feel things that she can't explain, such as when she senses a woman being attacked by her husband, leading Katia to hit a police alarm on the street to save the woman. As Katia continues her pursuit of the mystery man, she is found on the subway by a man who calls himself John Smith (Zachary Quinto). He follows Katia and approaches her, making it clear he knows where she's going and who she's looking for. They are found and pursued by 47, who shoots at them. Smith takes Katia away and arrives at an embassy. He fires two shots so that the soldiers in front can apprehend him and Katia. Katia is met by Sanders (Dan Bakkedahl), who asks her what she and Smith were doing, until 47 arrives at the embassy and intentionally gets himself captured after his huge gun (and other guns) are found. Sanders interrogates him and brings the gun to the room. 47 notices a tattoo on Sanders' arm for his family. He questions Sanders about them to get a rise out of him before kicking the table up to cause the gun to fire and shoot one of the cufflinks off the table. 47 beats and kills the other two men in the room and takes one of their uniforms, then knocks out Sanders after he says he is willing to die for his children. 47 slips out while Katia runs and gets Smith out. Smith takes Katia away to a hotel after another chase where she's shot in the arm by 47. He reveals to Katia that the man she's looking for is Litvenko and he is her father. Smith says that he was last seen years earlier with Stage 3 cancer. He asks her to tell him anything she can remember about him, right before 47 arrives and shoots Smith repeatedly, then knocks Katia out and takes her with him. Katia wakes up in a dark room, all tied up. 47 says he won't kill her, and that he wants to help her find her father. He also tells her that she possesses a similar skillset like his, so she can untie herself. 47 pulls a lever to reveal Katia is in front of a jet turbine, so she hones in on her skills and frees herself. As 47 and Katia get a move on, Smith arrives, turning out to possess some sort of super strength and agility not unlike an Agent. Other mercenaries arrive to kill the two, but 47 shoots most of them and Katia causes two more to get sucked into the turbines, allowing the two of them to get away. 47 informs Katia that her real name means "90", indicating she is a more advanced Agent than 47. He has also known of her since they were children as he saw her being taken away from her home. They go by undetected through an airport until they eventually find Litvenko (Ciaran Hinds). Although he is happy to see his daughter again, he doesn't want her to be around when trouble is lurking, which is why he had to abandon her. 47 sees some assassins disguised as civilians and kills them. He takes Katia and Litvenko away as Smith and other Syndicate mercs chase them. Smith orders the other villains to trap them in the city. They shoot harpoons at 47's car, trapping him, Katia, and Litvenko in the middle of the city. The mercs descend upon them, but 47 shoots them down. They still manage to take Litvenko with them. Litvenko is brought to the Syndicate headquarters where Smith tortures him with a painful serum until he gets Litvenko to tell him how to make an Agent. Le Clerq tells Smith to stop before he kills Litvenko. Le Clerq tries to get answers too, but Litvenko never budges. Meanwhile, 47 pages through the system and informs the villains of his presence, making them think he is in a chopper outside. It is really Katia, who is tied up again and made to fly the chopper into the building. More mayhem ensues and the mercs get killed while Smith and Le Clerq run away with Litvenko. Smith then realizes that 47 is already in the building. They have a supercharged fight, with Smith almost overpowering 47. He punches through a wall, exposing an electric circuit. 47 ties a garrote around Smith's neck and presses it against the circuit, electrocuting Smith. Le Clerq takes Litvenko to the roof of the building and escapes on his own personal chopper. Inside, Litvenko takes out his inhaler, only for Le Clerq to realize too late that it's an explosive. Litvenko presses it and destroys himself and Le Clerq before Katia's eyes. 47 then gets a call from Diana to confirm that Le Clerq is terminated, but when she asks about Katia, he throws the phone off the roof. 47 tells Katia that he needed to find Litvenko to put an end to the Agent program completely, but also assuring Katia that Litvenko loved her. They turn back to go into the building, but Katia senses that one more person is there to kill them. The elevator door opens to reveal Agent 48, who looks identical to 47. He says, "Diana says 'Hello'", before 47 and Katia shoot him.
tt2058673
Action,Crime,Sport
Extreme poly-athlete Johnny Utah and his friend Jeff attempts a stunt traversing a steep ridge peak line, ending it by leaping onto a lone stone column. Jeff over speeds his bike and falls. Seven years later Utah is a FBI Agent candidate. He attends a briefing about a skyscraper heist where the criminals parachute down their escape. Another heist happens where the criminals unload Dollar bills mid-air over Mexico then simply disappear. Utahs research concludes that they were done by the same men, who at the same time attempt to complete the Ozaki 8; a teaching of doing eight extreme ordeals to honor the forces of nature. They already cleared three, and Utah predicts theyll attempt the fourth on a rare sea wave phenomenon in France. After presenting his analysis, Utah gets sent undercover to France under a field agent Pappas. They reach the place and Utah gets help from others to surf the tall tube wave. But as he goes in theres already another surfer in the wave, leaving Utah with unstable wave. Utah gets sucked into the wave and faints but the other surfer bails and rescues Utah. He wakes aboard a yacht with the other surfer Bodhi and his team Roach, Chowder, and Grommet. They leave him to enjoy the party and he gets acquainted with a girl Samsara. The next day Utah finds the men in an abandoned Paris train station after he overhears them about the location. Bodhi gives him an initiation fight and soon hes in the circle. They travel to the Alps for the next ordeal, wingsuit flying through the cliffs. The four succeed in their attempt then have some time together with Samsara. The next day they climb the snow peaks for the sixth ordeal, snowboarding through steep wall of snow. They reach their spot but Utah decides to extend his line so the others follow him. But Chowder slips and falls to his death. Utah gets depressed about it. After a party Samsara explains about her and Bodhi. Next they travel to a gold mine where Bodhi detonates some explosives Grommet and Roach planted. After blowing his cover, Utah chases Bodhi, managing to trip his bike. But Bodhi escapes as Utah cant stand up after the crash. The FBI freezes Bodhis sponsors assets so Bodhi plans to rob a nearby Italian bank on a mountain top. Utah and the police intercept the group, resulting in a crossfire that kills Roach. As the group flees, Utah chases and shoots one of them but it turns out to be Samsara. Utah finds the next ordeal location, solo rock climbing with no safety besides a waterfall. he finds Bodhi and Grommet and chases them on the climb, but Grommet cramps and falters, falling to his death. Utah catches up to Bodhi but he leaps down the waterfall, completing the last ordeal. But Bodhi has to redo the fourth ordeal as he bailed out on the wave. 17 months later Utah finds him in the Pacific facing another giant wave. But ultimately Utah lets Bodhi go and attempt it. The wave engulfs Bodhi and Utah comes back home.
tt2967224
Action,Comedy,Crime
Practically since she was a baby, Rose Cooper (Reese Witherspoon) has always tagged along with her father, a respected police officer in San Antonio, Texas, in his police cruiser. As she got older, he let her ride along for some of his arrests. This inspired Cooper to pursue a career in law enforcement. However, as an adult, her drive for her work has made her too intense in her personal life. While out on a date, she scares the guy away after she defensively pulls a gun on him. She chases him down just to give him back his wallet. At the station, Cooper is brought in to meet Detective Jackson (Richard T. Jones). Captain Emmett (John Carroll Lynch) informs Cooper that he will escort Jackson to protect a cartel informant named Felipe Riva (Vincent Laresca) and his wife Daniella (Sofia Vergara) after Felipe decides to testify against notorious cartel leader Vicente Cortez (Joaquin Cosio) up in Dallas. This is Cooper's first job back in the field after her last incident where a few months earlier she saw the mayor's son yell "Shotgun!" while out with his friends, leading Cooper to tase him in a spot where he spilled alcohol and causing him to catch fire. Cooper's name has become a verb synonymous with screw-ups, and she's found a chance to redeem himself. Cooper and Jackson arrive at the Riva home, where Daniella is pissed at her husband for making them targets. Cooper finds her packing a bunch of materials with her. Downstairs, gunshots start to ring out. Two masked men shoot at Jackson and Felipe. The two of them are shot and killed. Cooper runs to the garage to find Daniella hiding in the backseat of a car. Cooper turns the car on and drives away from the scene. She breaks the news of Felipe's death to Daniella, making her wail hysterically. She tries to call for help, but Cooper makes her drop the phone on the road. Cooper pulls the car over, and Daniella grabs her bag to walk away on her own. Cooper handcuffs herself to Daniella to make sure she's close to her. Then a truck plows into the car, spraying a ton of hidden cocaine everywhere. Cooper gets jacked up on coke and gets the truck driver to drive them to a nearby store to get new clothes. The ladies learn that Cooper is now considered a fugitive that has taken Daniella with her. Cooper phones someone at the station to identify the shooters. She notes that one had a longhorn tattoo. The ladies are found by Cooper's fellow officers Dixon (Michael Mosley) and Hauser (Matthew Del Negro). Unfortunately, they're recognized as the shooters since Hauser has the longhorn tattoo. The ladies pretend that Daniella is having her period so they can go to the bathroom and make their escape. They try to sneak out a window, but Dixon is standing watch. Cooper fires her gun to alert them, and giving them a chance to get away. They stow away in the back of a wagon hooked to a truck. There, Cooper inquires about what's in Daniella's luggage. It's a bunch of pairs of shoes that have diamonds on them. Daniella claims they were given to her by her brother before his passing, and it's the only thing she has to remember him by. Cooper tries to get into the truck, until the owner, Red (Jim Gaffigan), comes out with a gun. Daniella tries to make her escape, but comes back for Cooper and defends her by pretending to be her lesbian lover. She starts to uncomfortably grope and make out with Cooper, briefly seducing Red until he accidentally shoots off his finger. Cooper and Daniella then grab another truck and drive away. On the road, the ladies bond a little more, with Cooper admitting that her by-the-books nature has made it difficult for her to find a man. There already happens to be a man sleeping in the back of the truck. The ladies pull over again and find out that the man, Randy (Robert Kazinsky), is a felon with an ankle bracelet put on after he beat the crap out of his sisters' abusive boyfriends. They reach an agreement for Randy to help the ladies if they take off the bracelet. Cooper gets it off, and Randy appears to flirt with her, to Daniella's joy. The three stop at a hotel room for the night. Cooper cuffs Daniella to the bedpost while she goes to Randy's room to get food. She walks in on him naked and eventually succumbs to his charms and kisses him. He goes to get her some food. Cooper goes back to her room to find Daniella aiming Cooper's gun at her. She found Cooper's little notebook which suggests that Daniella wouldn't be smart enough to properly testify. Cooper then learns that the shoes in Daniella's luggage are worth $4 million and that this is how Felipe laundered money. Dixon and Hauser then show up at the door and try to shoot at the ladies as they make their escape. Randy finds Hauser pointing his gun at the ladies, and he starts beating the crap out of him, allowing them to run. The ladies make their escape on a tour bus. The crooked cops chase after them while two of Cortez's thugs follow closely. One of the thugs shoots out the tires of the villains' car, and the ladies manage to bump them off the road. The bus stops, and Daniella punches Cooper's lights out. When she comes to, Cooper sees Daniella walking away with the thugs. She learns that Daniella is working with them as part of her plan to murder Cortez as payback for him killing Daniella's brother. Knowing that he will be free and attending his granddaughter's quinceañera, she plans to get him there. Daniella also arranged for the thugs to kidnap her but did not plan for her husband to die. She cuffs Cooper to a pole and leaves. Back at the police station in San Antonio, Cooper is commended by Emmett for bringing in Dixon and Hauser despite failing the rest of the mission. He tells her to go home, but she knows her mission isn't over. Cooper travels to Dallas and sneaks into the quinceañera as a man to get close to Daniella. She tries to get her to wear a wire so that they can get Cortez to confess to her brother's murder, but a woman walking into the bathroom mistakes Cooper for a pervert and throws her out. She gets back in dressed as a server of the place, running into Emmett and learning he is a bad guy. He tries to make her walk through the kitchen with his gun on her, but Cooper turns the tables by pouring alcohol on him and tasing him so he catches fire. She puts out the flames and knocks him out with a fire extinguisher. Daniella gets Cortez alone in a room and reveals her intentions to kill him. He came prepared with his own gun. Cooper arrives and stops anything from happening. She ties Cortez's hands together and convinces Daniella not to kill him. She sees Cortez drawing his gun, and Cooper shoots him dead. Daniella is pissed at Cooper for denying her the satisfaction of killing Cortez herself until she sees that Cooper took a bullet for her in the arm. Three months later, Cooper goes to pick Daniella up from prison after she serves her time for obstruction of justice. Cooper is no longer a laughingstock and is praised for taking down Cortez. Outside, she presents Daniella with her shoes. They leave together, and Daniella sees that Cooper brought Randy along with her. During the end credits, several bloopers and outtakes from the film are shown.
tt2005151
Biography,Comedy,Crime
January 2008, Albania Two masked men pull David Packouz (Miles Teller) out of a trunk and start beating him. One of the men holds a gun to David's face. We hear David's voice saying what kind of gun it is, and he adds that he is an international arms dealer. We see clips of American soldiers posing with the gear and weapons. David says that while some people see a hero serving his country, he sees thousands of dollars worth of materials. According to David, that's what war is really all about: money. Anyone who says otherwise is in on it and is supposed to keep quiet. The scene then switches to the year 2005 in Miami, Florida. David is a massage therapist making $75 an hour, living with his girlfriend Iz (Ana De Armas). On the side, David tries to sell bedsheets to a retirement home, but he learns that "no one gives a shit about old people". At a funeral, David reunites with an old friend named Efraim Diveroli (Jonah Hill). They hang out after and try to score some weed from neighborhood drug dealers. Efraim gives them $300 for weed, but they pocket the money and ignore Efraim, showing off a gun to make him leave. Efraim walks to his car and pulls out a bigger gun from his trunk, which he starts firing off in the air to scare the dealers away. David and Efraim discuss Efraim's new line of business - gunrunning. He explains to David how to exploit the war on terrorism for profit. David doesn't want to get involved at first, but when he learns Iz is pregnant, he figures he needs to make more money than he does now. He lies to her and tells her that he and Efraim are selling bedsheets to the U.S. army, which she is okay with. After learning the ins and outs of arms dealing and checking through government contracts, David and Efraim start up their own business, AEY Inc, after getting funding from Ralph Slutzky (Kevin Pollak). Soon, the guys earn themselves a contract with the United States Department of Defense to deal weapons. However, they hit a snag when they have Berettas shipped to Jordan, unaware of Italian-made guns not being permitted to be shipped. Efraim interrupts David during a dinner party with Iz and her friends. They have a conversation outside, but Iz overhears their business and learns the truth about what David is doing, leaving her pissed. David and Efraim travel to Jordan and meet with smugglers that will help them retrieve the guns. They meet a man named Marlboro (Shaun Toub), who drives the guys to their destination. They stop to get gas in Fallujah, where the guys wake up and don't see Marlboro. Efraim finds a dead body inside the station, and sees that Marlboro is siphoning gas. David gets a call from Iz, who appears to forgive David for lying to her, even though the lying does bother her. Moments later, the guys see vans approaching, with men firing guns at them. David and Efraim try to get out of there, despite having an empty tank. Marlboro runs after them and hops onto the truck, filling up the tank as they drive. The guys are saved when a U.S. chopper descends, forcing the mercenaries to stop shooting. The guys meet with Captain Santos (Patrick St. Esprit) to deliver the guns. He commends them for driving through the Triangle of Death, and the guys receive their payment. Pretty soon, the guys are making more money and earning more contracts. They start hiring people to work for AEY, and they start doing business with a man named Henry Girard (Bradley Cooper), who is apparently a legend with closing big deals with the army. David and Iz also welcome a baby girl named Ella. However, Efraim becomes increasingly megalomaniacal, even firing one man on the spot just for correcting him on something. David and Efraim then score "The Afghan Deal", which would allow them to supply the Afghan army with a number of weapons and ammunition. The contract came from China, which is a problem because the U.S. army has an embargo on the Chinese military industry, so Chinese ammunition is banned. Efraim has the ammo and weapons repackaged and shipped off anyway. The guys have a falling out with their business when David and Efraim sort out their share of the payment. When David calls Efraim out on screwing people over, Efraim has the two men from the opening of the movie kidnap David and assault him. David breaks off his partnership with Efraim, especially after Efraim refuses to pay David and Ralph back for thousands of money owed to both of them. David decides to just go back to being a massage therapist. David gets a call from a reporter regarding an investigation into the Afghan Deal. He knows he's in trouble. He heads down an elevator and meets Efraim in there. Efraim tries to make it look like he's sorry and that he considers David a friend, but David sees through the facade, which Efraim admits. David punches Efraim in the face. When they get downstairs, they are greeted by a whole team of FBI agents, and the two are arrested. As the film comes to and end, David's voice-over says that Ralph was in on it with the FBI, but he gets apprehended as well. What did them in, however, was the packaging guy that Efraim never paid, so he ratted them out. Both men were charged with conspiracy and fraud. Efraim was sentenced to four years in prison, while David served seven months house arrest, allowing him to stay with Iz and Ella. The last scene has David meeting with Henry. He starts asking a bunch of questions regarding their deals, until Henry pulls out a case full of money, which he offers to David on the promise of "no more questions."
tt1817771
Comedy,Horror,Sci-Fi
In an all out war who will win? What will be left? In the nearly ancient right of Mortal Combat , when you had thought that you had seen it all - you will be overtaken, overcome . Who are the good guys? Who are the bad guys? Zombies? Vampires? Aliens? Creatures of Various report - From all walks of ghoulish life...and DEATH! Do you know what the bloodiest most horrifying thing for mom and dad was back in the day? It was the game mortal combat? Now imagine that virtually surrounding you completely.Just you and a few friends - that's all that stands between you and the rest of the world? Overwhelmed ? You won't be ...once you discover for yourselves who shall inherit the earth from among the horrible combative creatures in Kitchen Sink.
tt3095734
Action,Adventure,Comedy
The film opens at a oil well for Terravex, an oil company. CEO Reece Tenneson (Rob Lowe) goes to the well and talks to Dr. Jim Dowd (Thomas Lennon) since this well is not pumping oil. As they investigate the blockage, another scientist discovers a water pocket below the earth that may indicate the possibility of an ecosystem living down there. The water pressure then starts to destabilize. The well bursts and three monsters pop out. Tenneson hires a man named Burke (Holt McCallany) to capture the monsters. Two are taken in but one of them has escaped and is hiding inside a truck. We meet high school student Tripp (Lucas Till). He lives with his mom Cindy (Amy Ryan) and her boyfriend Rick (Barry Pepper), who is the town's sheriff. Tripp wants nothing more than to get out of town and do something on his own. He works as a mechanic for Mr. Weathers (Danny Glover), who has brought in the truck that the missing monster is hiding in. At night, Tripp goes into the garage to mess around with a truck that he wants to fix up. He sees a news report with his estranged father Wade (Frank Whaley) reporting from near the oil well after witnessing the incident from the previous night. Tripp then hears a noise and sees one van in the garage with a hole where the gas tank used to be. At school, Tripp rides his bike and talks to Meredith (Jane Levy), a girl in his class who is supposed to tutor him. He then runs into his friend Sam (Tucker Albrizzi), and they see people gathered around another car with a hole in the gas tank. In the garage at night, Tripp hears a growling noise by the oil canisters. He encounters the missing monster and hides in the cellar before trapping it in there. He calls for help, leading to Rick and some of his men to come by an investigate. However, the monster is gone when they look in the cellar. Rick accuses Tripp of lying to cause trouble. The next night, Tripp gets some oil canisters to lure the monster out. The monster makes its full appearance as a large, squid-like blob. It starts to feed on the oil but then nearly gets crushed under a compactor after Tripp drops the switch and it breaks. Tripp pulls it out in time. Although a bit hostile at first, the monster warms up to Tripp, and they start to have fun by throwing things at the Terravex truck. Burke goes to the police station to ask around about the monster since it was reported as being spotted. Both he and Rick butt heads over their concerns regarding the monster. Tripp tries to keep the monster hidden from everyone. Burke comes by the shop asking questions, though Tripp denies that he's seen what Burke and his goons are looking for. After getting them out of the garage, Tripp finds Meredith coming by as she was looking for him but came walking. She asks for a ride home, but Tripp tells her he can't take her. When the monster, who is hiding in Tripp's truck, starts growling and making noises, it arouses the suspicion of Burke. Tripp gets Meredith and hops in the truck so they can get out. Burke and his men start following them, and the monster starts to take control of the truck to get them away from the villains. Meredith sees the monster, which Tripp has decided to name Creech. She's freaked out at first but then sees that Creech is harmless. She lets Tripp hide Creech out in a stable near her house. Dowd has been doing research on the other two monsters. He determines that they feed off oil and that they are quite intelligent. Tripp and Meredith have fun with Creech as Tripp decides to use him as an engine for the truck. Tripp modifies the truck to fit Creech and to keep him hidden. He and Meredith take Creech out and stop for gas. However, since gas has more chemicals than regular oil, Creech goes wild and starts riding like crazy through town, causing lots of damage to other cars and destroying an entire lot of cars by riding over them. Back at Terravex, Dowd continues to research the other two monsters, and has even developed an affection for them. Tenneson says that they plan to poison the well that the creatures came from. Tripp and Meredith stop by where Wade works. Tripp tries to talk to him about his situation, but Wade instead sells them out to Burke. When Burke threatens Tripp to give up Creech, the monster takes control of the truck. Tripp and Meredith hop in, and Tripp has Creech ram through Wade's trailer. Burke and his goons chase after them, while Rick is in pursuit after they ride into town. Creech manages to climb up the walls and sneak over Rick to avoid detection. The gang hides out near Meredith's house for the night. In the morning, Creech is gone. Since Tripp left his phone in the truck, Meredith uses an app to track it. It leads them to Terravex. They find Creech has reunited with the other two monsters, who turn out to be his parents. Tripp and Meredith get caught while the monsters are captured, and Tenneson erases any trace of the monsters from their phones. Dowd escorts the two out of the building, but he tells them he wants to help them because he cares about the monsters. With help from Sam and Mr. Weathers, Tripp gets two more trucks that he and his friends fix up to accommodate the monsters. They take the trucks back to Terravex and break out Creech and his parents. Tripp, Meredith, and Dowd ride toward the oil well above the monster ecosystem as Burke and his goons follow them. Rick gets in on it too, but Burke rams his car down a hill. Rick then gets inside a larger vehicle to run Burke's goons off the road. The three trucks make it to the oil well, but the workers have already started to drill down with the poison. Burke tries to push Tripp and Creech into a hole, but Creech grabs Burke's truck and flings it into the drilling machine, ceasing the poisoning. Tripp and Creech fall into the hole but land in water. Creech pulls Tripp out of the truck. Tripp sees the rest of Creech's family as he and his parents rejoin them. Tripp says goodbye to Creech. Tenneson and his cronies are arrested for their dirty deeds. Tripp and Rick are now on good terms and have fixed up the truck to make it look better. Tripp and Meredith then go for a ride through town.
tt3488710
Adventure,Biography,Drama
Philippe Petit (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) stands atop the Statue of Liberty telling the audience that he does not fear death and never says the word (except for when he is explaining himself), and that is why he walks the wire. This inspired him to follow his dream to hang a wire between the Twin Towers at the World Trade Center and walk across it. He takes us back to Paris, France in 1973 where he used to be a street performer playing to dazzled crowds, but Philippe was always running from the police for performing without a permit. While collecting money from the viewers, he tosses a jawbreaker that a girl gave him, which he catches in his mouth and accidentally bites into, naturally causing him pain. Philippe goes to the dentist and finds a magazine advertising the unfinished Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in New York. He is instantly amazed and swipes the page out the magazine. His dream has now been born. We see a flashback to when Philippe was a child and he first saw high-wire walkers at the circus. He would practice at home, to his father's dismay. One day, as an adult, Philippe attempted to walk the wire in the circus tent, only to be caught by the circus owner Rudy Omankowsky, aka "Papa Rudy" (Ben Kingsley). Rudy chases Philippe away, until Philippe grabs some items off the ground and starts juggling them, impressing Rudy. He later asks Rudy to help him practice wire-walking with the promise of payment. Philippe leaves his home and parents behind to pursue his dream. His mother cries while his father thinks he's a clown. Philippe rides his unicycle into town with his bags and sees a lady named Annie (Charlotte Le Bon), who is singing and playing her guitar before a crowd of onlookers. Philippe decides to set up his own little performance circle and quickly steals Annie's audience. She later approaches him with disdain, but Philippe defends himself and says he only wanted to share the audience with Annie. It starts to rain, and Philippe walks with her under his umbrella. Quickly, he wins her over and they fall in love, leading Annie to become Philippe's first "accomplice" in setting up his wire walk. Philippe meets and befriends Jean-Louis (Clement Sibony), a photographer who becomes Philippe's second accomplice, as he is also a skilled archer that can shoot an arrow with the proper wiring from one tower to the other. Philippe practices a wire-walk in the park over a lake while there is a fishing contest going on. The fishermen boo him, causing him to break his concentration and fall into the lake. Ever determined, Philippe decides to use the towers of Notre Dame as part of his next performance. He sets up the wires at night and walks as the tourists show up in the early hours of the day. Although his walk is successful, Philippe is arrested. Philippe next meets Accomplice #3, Jean-Francois, aka: Jeff (Cesar Domboy), an algebra teacher that only speaks English in math equations, and he also happens to be deathly afraid of heights. Together, they, along with Annie and Jean-Louis travel to New York City for the first time to get a good look at the towers, still under construction. Philippe panics at first when he enters the South Tower because he fears that the tower is too tall to scale and it would be impossible to hang the wire. However, he sneaks in through the construction elevator and makes it to the unfinished observation deck. There, he walks over a beam to get a feel of how he will accomplish his task, and his passion is instantly refueled. Upon returning to France, Philippe plans what he calls "The Coup" for August 6th 1974, since it'll be right before the towers are complete and the weather will be fine. Rudy urges Philippe to use a safety harness, as he would not even let his own sons (all experience high-wire artists) walk at a great height without safety harnesses, but Philippe refuses, saying it would defeat the purpose of what he hoped to accomplish. Rudy decides to stand behind Philippe's choice and he gives him all the payment money back to allow him to pursue his dream. The crew returns to New York, and Philippe begins going undercover in different disguises to learn measurements, distance, and the like to get an idea of how he's going to pull off The Coup. He hits a snag when he accidentally steps on an nail that impales his foot. Despite this, he refuses to seek treatment and wants to keep going. Philippe gathers more accomplices, starting with Barry Greenhouse (Steve Valentine), who becomes the inside man since he works on the 82nd floor of the South Tower. Philippe next meets Jean-Pierre, or JP (James Badge Dale), an American that speaks French and gives Philippe a wired radio to avoid having the cops pick up their chatter. JP then introduces Philippe to Albert (Ben Schwartz) and David (Benedict Samuel), the final two accomplices. As the date of The Coup approaches, Philippe appears to be losing his mind. He gets a crate with the wires, which he refers to as his coffin. He bangs the nails on the crate loudly at night, waking Annie and making her angry when he refers to it as his coffin. She expresses her concern for his well-being. August 6th arrives, and the crew begins to initiate The Coup. Philippe, Jeff, JP, and David disguise themselves as delivery men to take the wires to the top of the South Tower. They are not allowed access to the elevator as they're being rented out by other workers. JP talks down one of the men working in the tower and allows the men to make the "delivery." After getting everything to the top, David bails in a pot-induced paranoid episode when he thinks the cops are coming after him, leaving Philippe and Jeff up there. The men prepare to set up when it's nighttime, but their work is interrupted by a guard, forcing the two to hide in a tarp that happens to be placed over a shaft. Jeff becomes terrified, while his fear only makes Philippe hallucinate briefly. The guard passes out, allowing Philippe and Jeff to get to the roof. They see Jean-Louis and Albert on the roof of the North Tower, and Jean-Louis shoots the arrow with the string attached. Philippe doesn't hear the arrow making an impact, so he frantically tries to feel for the string, going as far as taking his clothes off and jumping around. He spots the arrow hanging over the side of the roof, and he catches it before it falls. He and Jeff continue to set up the wiring, only to hear the guard approaching the steps. The two hide, and the guard is called away for some pizza. It's almost morning. Albert decides to bail because he thinks Philippe will fail, and he also plans to sell off photographs himself. The wiring is almost complete, when an unknown man (Yanik Ethier) goes up to the roof. He says nothing and only looks around briefly before looking at Philippe approvingly. Philippe (in his narration) states that he referred to this man as the "mysterious visitor". The wiring is complete, and Philippe starts to put on his costume, but his turtleneck falls over the building. He is angry because he doesn't want to do the walk in his undershirt, but he decides to do it anyway. And so, Philippe grabs his balancing pole and begins to make his daring walk over the wire. Annie, Barry, and JP watch from the ground, calling attention to the other New Yorkers. Philippe carefully makes his steps over the wire before making it to the North Tower. The people cheer and applaud him from below. Not feeling completed, Philippe claims that he felt the wire was still calling to him, so he walks back toward the South Tower. Two officers show up on the roof and detain Jeff. Philippe decides to walk back toward the North Tower to taunt the cops. More cops show up on the North Tower as he approaches it. The cops try and carefully talk him into walking back toward them, but Philippe only frightens them by laying on the wire before getting up when a bird passes over him. Philippe finally walks back to the South Tower and surrenders calmly. Later, a construction worker tries to saw the wire, but Philippe pleads with him not to do so, as the wire could snap and hurt someone. The cops agree, and Philippe tells them where the wiring is hidden within the wall. Although Philippe is arrested, the cops are more amazed than angry. Philippe's story becomes worldwide news, and even Rudy is proud of Philippe. He and his crew celebrate their victory. Philippe narrates that the judge mandated that he do a free high-wire performance in Central Park for families, which he was more than happy to do. Sadly for him, Annie decided to return to France so she can follow her own dreams. Philippe also states that he was given a pass to access the top of the towers whenever he wanted, along with a semi-playful condition that he must not use it to repeat his high-wire stunt there. He noted that the passes have an expiration date, but the WTC director crossed out the expiration date and wrote "forever"... and the smile fades from Philippe's face before he walks off-screen. The film closes with one last shot of the towers... which are there no more.
tt2638144
Action,Adventure,Drama
33 A.D., Jerusalem A crowd is gathered for a chariot race. Among the riders are Judah Ben-Hur (Jack Huston) and his adopted brother Messala Severus (Toby Kebbell). As they prepare to ride, the two challenge each other before riding off. Eight years earlier, Judah and Messala were very close. Judah is a Jew while Messala was born a Roman. They are seen racing their horses together, until Judah's horse throws him off and injures him. Messala carries Judah back home. Their mother Naomi (Ayelet Zurer) is displeased with their actions. Judah's sister Tirzah (Sofia Black-D'Elia) is in love with Messala, and he feels the same, but Naomi doesn't approve of them being together. The Zealots are plotting against the Romans. As this happens, Judah meets Jesus of Nazareth (Rodrigo Santoro). Jesus spreads a message of compassion and forgiveness. Judah also meets a woman named Esther (Nazanin Boniadi) and falls in love with her. Messala runs off to join the Roman army without saying goodbye to Judah. Over the next three years, Judah writes to his brother and tells how Esther was set to marry another man, and Judah was about to let her go, but he ran after her and managed to get her back. They have since been married. Judah and Messala reunite. Messala, now a Roman tribune, talks about meeting Pontius Pilate (Pilou Asbaek) and being influenced by his message and ideals, some of which Judah disagrees with. A Zealot named Dismas (Moises Arias) is taken in after being wounded. He wants to get back at the Romans for murdering his family, but Judah encourages him not to seek revenge. As the Romans are marching through the city, Dismas fires an arrow that almost strikes Messala. The boy runs away, but the Romans storm the palace and forcefully hold down Judah, Naomi, and Tirzah. As Pilate demands to know who fired the arrow, he threatens to have the family killed, but Judah takes the blame for the crime. Judah is separated from his mother and sister. He is subjected to cruel treatment. Jesus finds him weak and in need of water, so he brings him a small bowl so he may have something to drink. Five years later, Judah has been a slave for the Romans. We see him rowing in a ship along with dozens of other slaves. The ship is attacked by an enemy when their ship rams into the Romans'. The Romans attempt to fight back, but their forces are brought down, and the ship is sunk, killing everyone on board except for Judah. He floats for days on the ocean until he washes up on the shores. Judah is found by Sheik Ilderim (Morgan Freeman) and brought to his camp. He learns that Judah is a slave, and he may be of some value. When Ilderim's horses run loose, it is Judah that manages to rein them in. Ilderim then plans to have Judah compete alongside Messala in the chariot race to reclaim his honor. Judah makes it back to his home in secrecy. He reunites with Esther after so long. She informs him that his mother and sister are both dead. Judah later confronts Messala in his quarters and punches him. Judah flees as Messala's guards come in. Judah encounters a former Roman captain named Druses (Marwan Kenzari), whom Judah had held with a knife to his throat on the day that he was captured. Now that Druses has no place in Messala's army, he informs Judah that Naomi and Tirzah are, in fact, still alive, but kept imprisoned somewhere. Druses brings Judah to the location of his mother and sister. The two of them are hiding, covering their faces with rags. They have both been facially disfigured, and they blame Judah for abandoning them and allowing them to succumb to a fate worse than death. Judah leaves in shame. Ilderim approaches Messala and offers to have his man race against him. While he does not give Messala a name, he knows who Ilderim is referring to. Hundreds gather for the chariot race. Judah and Messala prepare themselves alongside the other racers. The race commences, and immediately, several men and horses are taken out as the chariots collide and cause the racers to crash and get trampled. Others are struck against the walls as they try to steer. Eventually, it is down to Judah and Messala. Judah nearly falls off his chariot, but he holds on for dear life. Messala gets close enough to try and kill Judah, but his chariot hits a bump and he flips over and crashes. Judah wins the race and is cheered on, while the Romans carry an unconscious Messala away. Jesus is later set to be crucified. Judah sees him bleeding and weakened as he carries the cross. He tries to offer Jesus some water but is whipped as a result. Jesus appreciates the gesture but assures Judah he can continue on his own. Jesus is then put up on the cross between two other men, one of whom is Dismas. The boy asks for forgiveness and for entrance into God's kingdom. Jesus says it is already done. He says some final words as he knows his time is over. Jesus dies, and the earth trembles. Judah weeps and mourns his death. The rain begins to fall, which somehow manages to cure Naomi and Tirzah of their deformities. Judah finds Messala lying down, missing the bottom half of his right leg. Messala swears vengeance on Judah for disfiguring him while holding his blade up. Judah instead decides to forgive Messala and embraces him. Messala drops his weapon and tearfully hugs Judah. The two are later reunited with Naomi and Tirzah, both of them also forgiving Messala. The film concludes with Judah and Messala riding their horses together.
tt2473510
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
The film starts in 1988 at the end of the third film. A supernatural entity bends Dennis backwards and kills him. Grandma Lois (Hallie Foote) guides young Katie (Chloe Csengery) and Kristi (Jessica Tyler Brown) upstairs where they meet with a guy named Kent (Don McManus), whom Lois says will be the girls' teacher. Kent tells the girls that he is going to help them with something that will benefit them in the future. We jump to 2013 in Santa Rosa, CA at the Fleege home. Dad Ryan (Chris J. Murray) is with his daughter Leila (Ivy George) as they wait for Ryan's brother Mike (Dan Gill) to show up. Mike is staying with his brother after going through a pretty bad break-up. Ryan's wife Emily (Brit Shaw) doesn't like the idea of Mike staying for too long. Joining them is a friend named Skyler (Olivia Taylor Dudley). While going through some stuff, Ryan and Mike come across a camera and some old tapes. They play one of the tapes and see Katie and Kristi as kids while Mike records the events with the camera. Another tape shows the girls in a room with Kent asking Kristi what she sees. Based on what she describes, Ryan is a bit creeped out to notice that Kristi is describing Leila's room. Kent asks Kristi if she sees "him". Kristi strains and says yes before a skeletal blue flash goes over her face and the power in the house go out. Mike records the family as Leila puts the angel on top of the Christmas tree. When Ryan gets ahold of the camera, he sees that it's picking up particles in the air, and it sounds like he's underwater as he walks past it. ? Leila starts acting strangely. Ryan catches her with her bleeding hand pressed against the bathroom mirror while saying something backwards. When they leave, the handprint fades into the mirror before something cracks it. When Ryan and Skyler review the footage, they play the tape backwards and see that Leila is saying "Bloody Mary". Ryan starts to leave cameras in the living room and Leila's room. On Night #1, a dark spirit forms next to Leila's bedside. She wakes up and talks to it like a friend. When asked about who her new friend is, Leila calls it "Toby". Ryan walks into the room and Tobi vanishes. Ryan and Mike bring Skyler in to watch the tapes. The guys note how Katie and Kristi are seen with their mom and Dennis in some videos, but the videos of them from a few years later only feature Lois and Kent, and how cult-like Kent's teachings appear to be. Mike and Skyler are outside with the camera. They notice a ripple in the pool. A dark cloud appears to jump from the pool and go into the woods. There, they find Leila alone. It becomes evident that Toby's presence is only ever noticeable around Leila. Night #2 - Ryan and Mike are awake as they try to catch new footage. Ryan goes into Leila's room and watches her sleep. From the window, an entity with a slightly noticeable demonic face appears and flies toward Ryan, frightening him. The guys review the footage and get a better look at the demon's face. They later go into Leila's room and see that she's drawn weird symbols on her bedroom wall, which Ryan recognizes from some papers he found with the same symbols. Night #3 - Leila wakes up and follows Toby to the living room. She turns on the gas and leaves it going for a while until Emily comes downstairs and turns it off. She sends Leila to her room, after which the gas turns on by itself again. Moments later, the angel falls off the tree with a loud thud. Concerned about Leila's behavior, Ryan and Emily call in Father Todd (Michael Krawic). The priest goes into Leila's room and tries to talk to her. He rubs holy water over her forehead. Leila grins slightly but stays still as Todd asks more questions. After a brief moment, Leila growls and lunges at Todd, throwing him to the ground as her parents try to pull her off of him. Night #4 - Ryan and Mike watch another Katie/Kristi video. Kristi is still trying to describe her visions to Kent. What she describes is eerily similar to the room in which the brothers are standing in. What's more, Kristi says she sees two brothers. Leila then comes in, complaining that she can't sleep. Ryan picks her up, and she sneezes. Mike then catches Katie and Kristi saying "bless you" in the video. The adults dig a little deeper into the events surrounding the tapes and the girls. Ryan reads up on Hunter Rey (Kristi's son), who appeared in one of the videos from 1992, despite not being born until 2006 on the exact same day as Leila. Emily reads about a cult called The Midwives that uses the blood of two firstborns in order to bring something into the world. They also see some drawings of a creature with multiple eyes, something that Leila has made drawings of. Night #5 - A crack forms in the wall in Leila's room. It opens up a tunnel that she climbs through and stays in for hours. The adults notice she's nowhere to be found and scramble to find her. Leila later re-emerges in her room, seemingly dazed out. She says that "he" is going to take her away. The adults worry about Leila as she grows increasingly detached from them. They forbid her to be friends with Toby, but Leila won't listen. Night #6 - The adults stay awake and close to Leila. Downstairs, Ryan picks up Toby forming around Mike. They hide in the kitchen as they can see Toby through the camera, stomping and making troublesome noises while growling menacingly. Deciding that enough is enough, Ryan and Emily call Father Todd to get rid of Toby once and for all. He says that since Leila is not technically possessed, they aren't doing an exorcism, but an extermination. That night, the adults soak some sheets in warm water and draw a circle with a star in the middle on the floor that everyone stands in. They get Leila and prepare for the cleansing. Toby starts to shake the house like an earthquake. Mike turns on the night vision as the adults jump out of the circle as Toby lunges toward them, where we finally get a look at his demonic face. He becomes trapped in the circle as the adults throw the sheets on him. He rises as a tall figure and stomps toward them until Todd speaks an incantation that supposedly vanquishes Toby. Everyone thinks it's over, and Leila appears to snap back to normal...until Skyler's neck starts twisting and she regurgitates an acidic black bile that burns Mike to death. Leila runs away. Her parents chase after her, but Toby puts his arm through Ryan's chest, killing him. Emily then finds the tunnel in Leila's wall and follows her through it. Emily finds herself in the basement of Katie and Kristi's old home back in 1992. She sees blood dripping from the ceiling and she fears the worst. Emily then comes face-to-face with Katie and Kristi, whose eyes are both blacked out. Katie tells Emily it's too late and that "he's" real now. Emily finds Leila, grinning with her hand bleeding. A stomping noise is heard, and Emily sees Toby, now having finally taken on a physical form of his own. She pleads with Toby to spare her since he got what he wanted, but he grabs her by the throat and snaps her neck. The film (and series) ends with Leila taking Toby's hand and walking away off-screen.
tt2358925
Comedy,Drama
Dan Trunkman is living the great American life... and all of the intense pressures that come with it. His overweight son is mercilessly teased at school, he's trying to close the biggest deal of his career, and his daughter's school assignment called Who is your Dad?, has him taking a closer look at himself than his fast paced life will allow. On the eve of closing his deal, he's suddenly forced to go see corporate powers in Berlin. It seems it's just the formality of handshakes and signatures but when Dan arrives in Berlin his competitor is there and now he's desperately fighting for a deal that is fast slipping away, and could mean his financial ruin. He experiences a car wreck on the Autobahn, and a drunken night at a gay festival, all while trying to deal with family pressures via Facetime. Join us on this modern odyssey that will have Dan discovering who he is, what he's made of, and what is ultimately most important to him.
tt3387542
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
Sara Price (Natalie Dormer), an American woman, receives a phone call from the Japanese police telling her that they think her troubled twin sister Jess is dead, as she was seen going into Aokigahara, a forest at the northwest base of Mount Fuji in Japan known as a popular destination for the suicidal. Despite the concerns of her fiancé, Rob (Eoin Macken), she journeys to Japan and arrives at the hotel where her sister was staying. At her hotel, Sara meets a fellow American reporter named Aiden (Taylor Kinney). They drink together, and she tells him of her parents' death in a drunk driving accident years earlier, which her sister witnessed, but Sara did not. Aiden invites her to go into the forest with him and a park guide, Michi, so she can look for her sister. The next day, as the three enter Aokigahara, Michi tells Sara that Jess has most likely killed herself. Deep in the woods, the group discovers a yellow tent that Sara recognizes as Jess's. With nightfall approaching, Michi suggests they leave a note for Jess and leave. Sara refuses, and Aiden volunteers to stay with her through the night. That night, Sara hears rustling in the bushes and, believing it may be Jess, rushes into the woods after them. Sara finds a young Japanese girl, Hochiko, who claims to know Jess. The girl warns Sara not to trust Aiden and flees at the sound of his voice. Sara attempts to chase after her but falls and loses her. The next day, Aiden and Sara become lost and begin to walk around the forest. As they walk, Sara's suspicions are raised and she demands Aiden to give her his phone and finds a picture of Jess on it. Aiden denies any involvement with Jess, but Sara runs into the forest alone. While running she begins to hear voices telling her to turn around. She appears to be unfazed by this until she hears the voice directly behind her. She turns around to see a hanging body and continues to run away. She then falls into an underground cave and goes unconscious, later she wakes up and discovers that she is in the cave with Hochiko, who turns out to be a yrei. Hochiko then turns into what appears to be a "demonic figure". Sara then runs the opposite way towards what appears to be Aiden. Aiden finds her and helps her out of the cave and, with some convincing, they continue to walk together. Aiden brings Sara to an old ranger station he'd discovered while looking for her. Inside, Sara hears her sister's voice coming from the basement and finds a note which implies that Aiden is holding Jess captive in the basement. Convinced that he is a threat, Sara attacks and kills a horrified Aiden with a small kitchen knife. As he dies, Sara realizes that Aiden was telling the truth and that the picture on his phone, the voice at the basement door and the note itself, had all been hallucinations. In the basement of the ranger station, Sara sees a vision of the night her parents died from Jess's point of view. It was actually a murder-suicide initiated by her father. The ghost of her father suddenly appears and lunges toward her, grabbing her wrist. She cuts his fingers away from her wrist and escapes the station. Running into the forest, she sees Jess running toward the lights of the search party. Sara calls to her sister, who is unable to hear her. She realizes that her escape from the ranger station was another hallucination. When she cut at her father's fingers she was actually cutting deep into her own wrists, and is now dying from blood loss in the basement. As she succumbs to her wounds, a yrei pulls Sara into the forest floor. Her very much alive sister is rescued by the search party and explains that the feeling of her sister is gone and it is assumed that Jess knows Sara is dead. As the search party leaves, Michi is seen staring at a figure and realizes, too late, that it's Sara's evil spirit who lunges at him.
tt2452042
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
In the morning, the kids wake up and find out that school has been cancelled because of snow. They all get together at Charlie Brown's (Noah Schnapp) house to start a hockey game. By the time Charlie puts on his winter clothes and comes outside, everyone has already left for the pond. Charlie decides to try flying his kite, since the Kite-Eating Tree is in hibernation. He gets the kite to fly, but everyone else is playing hockey, and they don't see him. The string tangles around his feet, and he gets dragged onto the pond, stopping right in front of Linus (Alexander Garfin). A gust of wind catches the kite, and Charlie gets pulled across the pond, running into Lucy (Hadley Belle Miller), who was doing figure skating tricks. The wind carries the kite into the Tree, and Charlie gets tied up by the string. Snoopy (Bill Melendez) skates out and grabs Linus' blanket, whipping him around in circles. Reaching out, Linus grabs Sally's (Mariel Sheets) hand, and he sends her spinning into a snowbank. "Isn't he the cutest thing?" she sighs. Snoopy is still dragging Linus, and he grabs Peppermint Patty (Venus Schultheis), whose stick snags Marcie (Rebecca Bloom). Others join in, starting a game of crack-the-whip. Frieda, Shermy (William Alexander Wunsch), Schroeder (Noah Johnston), Lucy, Franklin (Marleik Mar Mar Walker) and Pigpen (A.J. Tecce) zoom across the ice, passing by Woodstock (Bill Melendez), who is driving a Zamboni. When the whip cracks, the kids are scattered across the pond. Charlie frees himself from the tree and walks to the baseball diamond, still untangling the kite string from his legs. When he's done, the string is the size of a baseball, and he decides to practice his pitching. He builds snowmen for a team and a batter, and then pitches a snowball. To his surprise, the ball comes right back at him, knocking him out of his clothes. "It's going to be a long winter," he groans. Charlie sees a moving truck pull up to the house across the street from his. Everyone runs up to see who is moving in, blocking Charlie's view. He rolls up a snow mound and stands on top of it to see, but then he loses his balance and crashes the fence. "He did it," say the other kids, pointing to Charlie, who runs back into his house. The next day, the snow is gone, and the kids go back to school. Snoopy tries to get into school, but he is stopped by Franklin. Everyone sits down for class, and Charlie sees Linus' show-and-tell project, a World War I diorama featuring the Red Baron. He spins the tiny propeller, causing the plane to start up and take the whole thing flying out the window. The teacher, Miss Othmar, tells everyone that the new kid will be joining the class. The Little Red-Haired Girl (Francesca Capaldi) walks in and takes a seat, causing Charlie to be mesmerized. Then Miss Othmar announces that the class will be taking a standardized test. Snoopy crawls through a vent and uses a yo-yo to rappel into a classroom chair. Smiling, he takes a binder and fills it with papers, but then he pinches his finger in the rings, letting out a howl. Lucy throws him out of the building, and he lands in the trash, finding an old typewriter. The Red-Haired Girl finishes her test and hands it in, and her pencil falls off her desk and rolls up to Charlie's feet. He picks it up and notices that she chews on it, just like he does with his pencils. Charlie and Peppermint Patty are the last ones to hand in their tests, and the teacher reminds them to put their names on the papers. When Charlie turns around, he's facing the Red-Haired Girl. "Hi, I'm Brown Charlie, I mean Barney Clown..." he blurts out, before running out of the room. On the bus, Charlie sees the Red-Haired Girl walking up to him, and at the last second, he scurries under the seat and crawls up to the front. Snoopy takes the typewriter back to his doghouse and starts typing a story, with Woodstock looking on. He starts writing a few times, and each time he tears out the paper and crumples it up. Then, Linus' plane goes flying by, and Snoopy is inspired. "It was a dark and stormy night. Thunder roared. Lightning flashed in the sky. High above the French countryside, the World War I Flying Ace had never been so close to his lifelong enemy, the Red Baron!" Snoopy puts on goggles and a scarf, and his doghouse becomes a plane, chasing after the Baron. Imagining that the Baron is on his tail, Snoopy does evasive maneuvers, losing his balance and falling off the doghouse and into his water dish. Woodstock laughs heartily, but Snoopy climbs back up, not to be deterred. Charlie quickly gets off the bus at his house, and hides behind the doghouse as the Red-Haired Girl walks home. Thinking that Charlie is being a spy, Snoopy follows behind her, staying out of sight. In his room, Charlie pulls down the blinds, then opens them a bit to watch her check the mailbox, and then walk to her door. Snoopy realizes that his story should be a love story. "Chapter One: It Was the Greatest Story Ever Told. The Flying Ace emerged from the airport wearing his green cap, red scarf, and goggles. But when he saw his plane, he gasped. He couldn't believe his eyes. This was a disaster! The plane was in a shambles! Parts were scattered everywhere. He approached Woodstock, the leader of his flight crew. Woodstock started chirping orders to his team of mechanics--young birds loyal to the Flying Ace. There was a flurry of action as the crew quickly fixed the plane. The Flying Ace stood behind it, inspecting it, as Woodstock turned the propeller. POOF! A cloud of black smoke shot out, covering the Flying Ace. Woodstock glared at his team of mechanics. The sound of an airplane engine filled the air. It was coughing and sputtering. The Flying Ace looked up to see a white plane chugging across the sky. Black smoke trailed from the tail. The plane was in trouble, and was coming down for a landing. As it got closer, the Flying Ace saw that the plane was a White Albatross. A real beauty. The pilot flew her in for a safe, expert landing. The Flying Ace walked toward the plane. The pilot stepped out and removed her flying cap to reveal the lovely face of a French poodle. The Flying Ace's mouth dropped. Her name was Fifi. She was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. Fifi moved to the front of her plane and removed one of the panels. She pulled out a wrench and got to work fixing the engine. A smudge of grease appeared on her cheek, but the Flying Ace thought it only made her look more beautiful. She was gorgeous, and she could fix an engine! Suddenly, the Flying Ace felt self-conscious. He rubbed most of the grease spots (but not all) from his own fur. Then he ran to the grass and picked some purple flowers. He turned to go back to the plane, but Fifi was already taking off again. The Flying Ace watched in awe as Fifi flew off toward the horizon--right through a heart-shaped cloud. He was in love. But when would he ever see her again?" Charlie decides to bring the Red-Haired Girl a housewarming gift, and Snoopy hands him a flower. He walks up to the door, but turns away without ringing the bell. Snoopy rings it for him and bolts. The Red-Haired Girl opens the door and doesn't see anyone there. Charlie has hidden behind a plant. She shrugs and shuts the door. Charlie walks to Lucy's house, where she has a cardboard stand with a sign reading "Psychiatric Advice, 5 cents." Charlie asks her how he can impress the Red-Haired Girl, and she tells him that girls are impressed by a boy who is a winner. She hands him a book called "10 Ways to Become a Winner," then taps her cup. He drops in a coin, and she says, "Ah, nickels, nickels, nickels. What a beautiful sound!" The next day, Charlie is reading the book. "Congratulations, you're on your way to becoming a winner! Step One: Forget everything you know about yourself. Step Two: Project confidence!" Charlie tries to strike a confident pose, with Snoopy copying him. "Don't slouch!" Charlie straightens his back. "Maintain eye contact at all times." Charlie looks into the mirror and sees Snoopy, and they have a staring contest, which Snoopy wins. Charlie hears a crash downstairs and finds Sally practicing with a lasso for the school talent contest. Charlie decides that winning the contest will impress the Red-Haired Girl, so he and Snoopy put together a magic act. Schroeder starts off the contest playing Beethoven on the piano. Backstage, Charlie sees Lucy, who gets licked by Snoopy. "Ugh! I've been kissed by a dog! I have dog germs! Get some disinfectant! Get some iodine!" Onstage, Peppermint Patty is karate chopping some boards. It's Sally's turn to perform, and the audience laughs at her rodeo act. She freezes up, and Charlie comes out in a cow costume and tells her to rope him. She jumps on Snoopy's back and chases Charlie around the stage. The crowd goes wild and snaps pictures of a tied up Charlie in costume. The next day, Charlie's picture is on the front of the school newspaper. When he walks into the cafeteria, everyone says, "Moo!" Back at home, Charlie remembers a line from the book. "Number Six: Tell yourself 'I am worthy. I can do this. I have what it takes.'" Just then, he gets a phone call from Peppermint Patty. She tells him that she volunteered him to make cupcakes for the Winter Dance. From his window, he sees the Red-Haired Girl dancing in her room, and decides to learn how to dance himself, spending days practicing with Snoopy. At the dance, the boys are on one side of the gym, and the girls are on the other side. Sally drags Linus to the middle and dances with him, and the other kids join in. Outside, Charlie walks up to the door with a tray of cupcakes and steels himself for his entrance. He doesn't notice Snoopy gobbling up the cupcakes until they're gone. Marcie is struggling with a heavy punch bowl, and Charlie grabs it for her. Then, the door shuts on his shirt, trapping him with the bowl still in his hands. A contest starts to decide the best boy and girl dancer, with the two winners sharing a dance at the end. The girls start, and Charlie can't see the Red-Haired Girl's dance, but he hears everyone applaud for her. Then, it's the boys' turn. Charlie is still stuck in the door, until Snoopy bursts through wearing sunglasses and a "Joe Cool" shirt. Charlie spills most of the punch on the floor, but finally gets the bowl to the table. The other boys do their dance, and Charlie is the last one. He gracefully dances across the floor, and everyone claps for him. Then he slips on the spilled punch, causing his shoe to come off and hit the fire sprinkler. Water comes down and everyone runs out of the gym. Dripping wet, Charlie walks home with Snoopy. Moved by Charlie's sadness, Snoopy starts typing. "The Flying Ace took to the air, in search of his long-lost love, Fifi. He flew across the sky, keeping his eyes peeled for her white plane. Finally, he spotted her! Fifi, piloting her White Albatross, was flying right toward him. Her eyes widened when she saw him. The Flying Ace steered his plane next to Fifi's. She looked over at him and smiled. He did a loop in the sky to impress her. When he finished, Fifi steered her plane into a DOUBLE loop. Then she took off in front of the Flying Ace, and he followed her. The two planes looped and dipped in the sky. Then they both dropped down and flew across a green valley below. Fifi held up a camera and started snapping photos of the Flying Ace in his plane. He hammed it up, striking poses for her--which is why he didn't see the old barn up ahead. WHOOSH! The Flying Ace zipped through the barn and came out the other side covered in hay. He flashed an embarrassed smile at Fifi, and she smiled back. Fifi steered up and grabbed a piece of cloud with her hand. Then she blew on it, and it formed the shape of a heart. It floated across the sky toward the Flying Ace. He responded by rolling his plane above the valley. When the plane was upright again, the Flying Ace held flowers in his hand. He flew up next to Fifi and extended them toward her. BOOM! The flowers exploded! Startled, Fifi and the Flying Ace looked behind them. A red plane circled them and then flew across their path. The Red Baron! He flew off into the distance, but the Flying Ace gave chase. Then the Red Baron set his sights on Fifi's plane. He steered right on top of the White Albatross. Then he dipped down and punctured her wing with his wheel. Fifi's damaged plane suddenly rolled over! Taken by surprise, Fifi fell out of the cockpit! The Flying Ace dove down with a shriek, determined to save her. Just before he reached her, Fifi pulled the string on her parachute. She shot up in the air as the chute blew open. The Flying Ace banked hard, flying straight up to try to reach Fifi. As she slowly began to float back toward the ground, the Red Baron zoomed toward her. Both pilots raced toward Fifi. At the last second the Red Baron's wing snagged the string of the parachute. Then he flew off, with Fifi dangling from his wing! The Flying Ace flew as fast as he could toward the Red Baron. The villain headed toward a large mountain. A long bridge with train tracks led into a dark tunnel inside the mountain. A train was chugging across the bridge, headed for the tunnel. ZOOM! The Red Baron zipped inside the tunnel just before the train. The Flying Ace followed him. Then Fifi's pink scarf flew out of the tunnel, covering the face of the Flying Ace! He ripped it off, but he was too late. The craggy face of the mountain was quickly approaching..." Woodstock tears the paper out of the typewriter, seeing the scared look on Snoopy's face. Snoopy takes another look at the last line he wrote. "He thought he had lost her forever." The next day at school, the Red-Haired Girl's desk is empty. Linus tells Charlie that she went to take care of her grandmother. The teacher announces that she is assigning a team book report, and the partners will be drawn from a bag. Lucy keeps picking names until she ends up with Schroeder. Charlie walks up and picks the Red-Haired Girl from the bag. In the cafeteria, he panics and tells Linus that he can't handle being her partner. He decides to do the report himself while she's gone. Everyone leaves the cafeteria to look at the test scores that are just being posted. Charlie sees that he was the only one to get a perfect score. Over the PA, Franklin announces that there will be an assembly to honor Charlie. In art class, Charlie is supposed to be making a sculpture out of hangers, but it just becomes a big mess. Franklin compliments him on his "contemporary" piece. After school, the kids play hockey, and Charlie shoots the puck. It flies off the pond and bounces off a tree trunk, coming back onto the pond and landing in the net. His teammates cheer for him, except for Lucy, who knows something is wrong. In the morning, Sally gives the other kids a tour of Charlie's house. At the bus stop, a group of kids is waiting for him. Snoopy and Woodstock escort him onto the bus, wearing Secret Service uniforms. At school, a lot of kids are wearing his style of shirt. Pigpen reminds him that the book report is due on Monday, just a few days away. Charlie decides to ask Marcie for help. Marcie is at the pond, trying to get Peppermint Patty to decide on a book, but she just wants to shoot pucks. Frustrated, Marcie leaves for the library. Charlie shows up looking for her, and Peppermint Patty says that Marcie recommended the book "Leo's Toy Store" by Warren Peace. Charlie goes to the library and finds Marcie there. She points out "War and Peace" and Charlie is amazed at how long it is. Charlie checks out the book and puts it into a sled, dragging it home. He spends the whole weekend reading, finishing as the sun sets on Sunday. As he writes the report, the pen he's using breaks, covering everything with ink. He picks up the Red-Haired Girl's pencil and starts again. He finishes just before he has to get ready for school. At the assembly, Charlie sees the Red-Haired Girl in the audience. Lucy walks up and tells him she may have been wrong about him all along. Franklin calls him up to the stage, and Marcie reads a proclamation that it is Charlie Brown Day. Then she pins a gold medal to his shirt, and hands him his test paper. He realizes that he put his name at the top of Peppermint Patty's test. He decides to be honest and gives back the medal, and he walks out alone. Linus reminds him that things could go better when he hands in his book report. Charlie places the report on one side of a seesaw. Just then, the Red-Haired Girl walks up, and Linus tells her that Charlie did the report for both of them. She smiles at Charlie, who leans on the seesaw to steady himself. The report goes flying into the air, and then is ripped to shreds by Linus' plane. Charlie places a pile of confetti in the Red-Haired Girl's hands and runs off. Seeing Charlie's frustration, Snoopy goes back to the typewriter. "Chapter Four: Curse You, Red Baron! Woodstock and his mechanics cranked a siren--the Red Baron had been spotted in the skies! The Flying Ace jumped into his plane and took off into the air. He chased the Red Baron all the way from the countryside to the city of Paris. He never lost sight of the red plane. He followed it past the Eiffel Tower and the cathedral at Notre-Dame. The Red Baron looped around and flew back to the Eiffel Tower. He pulled up at the last second, flying vertically up the side of the tower. The Flying Ace flew right beneath him. A drip of oil spilled from the Red Baron's plane, splashing the Flying Ace in the face. He shook his head, sending the droplets flying. The Red Baron looped and quickly flew back down along the Eiffel Tower, startling the Flying Ace. He tried to make the same sharp turn, but his plane got stuck on the point of the Eiffel Tower! He stood up and stomped on his plane, freeing it. His plane plummeted toward the ground, but he pulled up hard at the last minute. The Red Baron's plane was a red dot in the distance now, and it was growing dark as night fell and a fog set in. But the Flying Ace was not going to give up. He bravely flew into the gloomy fog, chasing the Red Baron. When the fog lifted, he realized he was behind enemy lines. He could see the barbed wire of the enemy camp below. Then he looked up--and realized he was flying right underneath the Red Baron! His enemy could not see him. It was the perfect cover! The Flying Ace and the Red Baron flew until they reached the Baron's aerodrome. Enemy planes patrolled the skies. Suddenly, spotlights shone on the Flying Ace's plane, and sirens began to wail. The Flying Ace began to descend to avoid the spotlights. Up ahead he saw a wooden tower. There, inside, was Fifi! Their eyes met. The Flying Ace circled the tower. Then Fifi pointed behind him, and he turned around to look. The Red Baron was on his tail! The Flying Ace gasped. His plane was hit! He was going down! He stood on top of his plane and saluted. She had served him well. Smoke poured from the engines as he landed in the middle of the enemy aerodrome. The Flying Ace took cover behind the plane as spotlights shone on him. Shading his eyes from the brightness, he saw a zeppelin flying overhead. Fifi sadly waved out the window of the airship. The Flying Ace watched helplessly as it soared away, accompanied by the Red Baron and his squadron of enemy planes, the Flying Circus. Things were grim. It looked like all was lost. But he would not give up. The Red Baron could not win! Fifi was counting on him. The Flying Ace stormed off into the dark night." Charlie goes to his room and shoves his kite, his baseball glove and Lucy's book underneath his bed. Then he takes the Red-Haired Girl's pencil and sticks it in a drawer. As the sun sets, Charlie sees a single star light up the sky. He imagines it to be his star, saying to him, "Don't give up, kid." "The Flying Ace knew he had to rescue Fifi." Snoopy strolls through the neighborhood, looking for inspiration to finish his story. He hears piano music coming from Schroeder's house, and howls along with it. He climbs across a string of Christmas lights outside of Peppermint Patty's house, but she chases him away. For the rest of the winter, Snoopy doesn't write, and Charlie doesn't try to talk to the Red-Haired Girl. In the spring, Charlie is walking past a tree when a kite lands at his feet. He sees a kid on a ladder trying to fly it. The kid asks him if he's ever flown one before. He tells the kid to get a good running start, keep the string tight, and never give up. "Chapter Seven: Never Give Up! The Flying Ace knew he could never give up on her. He could never give up on himself. He repaired his plane and flew back to the aerodrome. Then he gathered his own squadron of Sopwith Camel planes. They took off in the darkness of night, headed for the ocean. Early the next morning the Flying Ace spotted the huge zeppelin up ahead, glinting in the sunlight. He zoomed toward it. The Red Baron's squadron turned and headed toward the Flying Ace and the Sopwith Camels. As the Flying Ace flew closer to the zeppelin, he could see Fifi staring out the window of the carriage of the airship. They locked eyes. He surged forward to rescue her. Then an enemy plane appeared behind him! The Flying Ace ducked to avoid it, but the plane was hot on his tail. CRASH! Fifi smashed a chair through the window. It hit the enemy plane, sending it crashing into one of the airship's big propellers. The Flying Ace flew back to Fifi, but her eyes were wide with fear. He looked behind him to see the Red Baron coming toward him at superspeed. The Red Baron fired. The Flying Ace dodged the spray, and the bullets hit the airship instead. The Flying Ace didn't notice. He flew away from the dogfight, hoping the Red Baron would follow him. The villain took the bait. He followed the Flying Ace away from the ocean, back to land...where another member of the Flying Ace's team was waiting. Then Woodstock leaped from the Flying Ace's plane and landed on a wing of the red plane. He quickly began to unhook the hinged panels on the wings that helped the plane remain steady in the air. The Red Baron's plane lurched. BONK! One of the panels hit Woodstock, sending him spiraling away. But he righted himself and gave the Flying Ace a thumbs-up before he flew away. The Flying Ace nodded, then dove toward the Red Baron's damaged plane. At the same time, Fifi noticed the damage to the airship. The envelope was swiftly deflating, and the broken propeller was sputtering and groaning. The zeppelin wouldn't stay aloft much longer. She looked for a way out and spotted an escape hatch on the ceiling. She opened it and poked out her head. The wind blew across her face. She grabbed on to a rope and climbed on top of the carriage, slowly making her way across the top. The damaged propeller broke loose, and she stumbled. She hung onto the rope, dangling over the side of the zeppelin! Meanwhile, the Flying Ace had the Red Baron in his sights. He closed in on him--and then he heard Fifi's scream. He looked over just as the carriage detached from the airship, and Fifi plummeted toward the ground. Finish off the Red Baron forever, or save his one true love? There was only one choice he could make. He sped off after Fifi as the Red Baron escaped. Fifi flailed her arms and legs as she fell through the clouds. Then suddenly the Flying Ace's plane was underneath her, and she fell right into his arms. The Flying Ace gazed into her eyes and then looked behind him to see the Red Baron's plane disappear, a cloud of black smoke trailing behind it. The Flying Ace and Fifi came in to land, setting down among the squad of Sopwith Camels. The pilots cheered for their hero. The battle was over--for now. And so, as our hero observed, he was destined to face the Red Baron another day." Charlie and Sally are walking to school on the last day. There's a carnival set up by the pond. Linus tells everyone that there will be a pen pal project over the summer. He picks names out, and people will call out if they want to be that person's pen pal. Linus calls Charlie's name, and there's silence in the room. "I will." Charlie looks up and sees the Red-Haired Girl. When school ends, everyone runs to the carnival. Charlie wonders why the Red-Haired Girl picked him. Linus tells him to go ask her. He goes to his room and grabs her pencil, and then walks over to her house and rings the doorbell. Her mom answers and tells him that she got on a bus to summer camp. Frantically, Charlie runs through the neighborhood to get to the bus. He makes it to a fence with a hole, but an ice cream truck surrounded by kids blocks off the hole. Desperately, he asks for a little help for once in his life. Just then, the Kite-Eating Tree lets go of a kite, and the string wraps around Charlie's leg. Then, the wind blows the kite upward, carrying Charlie over the fence. Charlie runs toward the bus, with the wind carrying the kite behind him. Everyone sees Charlie apparently flying the kite, and runs after him. He gets to the bus and finds the Red-Haired Girl. He asks her why she picked him, and she replies that she admires the type of person he is. "An insecure, wishy-washy boy?" "That's not who you are at all. You showed compassion for your sister at the talent show. Honesty at the assembly. And at the dance, you were brave yet funny. And what you did for me, doing the book report while I was away, was so sweet of you." The other kids start to tear up. "So you see, when I look at you, I don't see an insecure, wishy-washy boy at all." The bus honks its horn. "Sorry, I have to go now." "Wait. I think this belongs to you." He pulls out her pencil. "Oh, thank you. I've been looking everywhere for this." She climbs on the bus. "I'll write to you, pen pal!" As the bus pulls away, she waves goodbye from the window. The kids congratulate Charlie. Lucy walks up to him. "This time you've really gone and done it, you blockhead! You've shown a whole new side to yourself. Good ol' Charlie Brown."
tt1618442
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
The warrior Kaulder (Vin Diesel) seeks out witches with his allies, the Axe and Cross. The witch hunter is haunted by the thoughts of his dead wife Helena (Lotte Verbeek) and daughter Elizabeth (Sloane Combs). The men walk through the woods before encountering a horde of witches, which the men proceed to slay. Kaulder takes out a number of witches, but his main target is the Witch Queen (Julie Engelbrecht). Kaulder battles the Queen until she knocks him into a pit within a large tree. She takes the fight down there with Kaulder as the tree begins to catch fire. Kaulder takes his blade and sets it on fire to kill the Witch Queen with "iron and fire", ready to perish himself. However, before the Witch Queen dies, she curses Kaulder with immortality, so that he may always live with his suffering. 800 years later in the present day year of 2015, Kaulder is on a plane where he finds a young witch, Bronwyn (Bex Taylor-Klaus), who is in possession of some weather runes that Kaulder is seeking. Outside, a storm is pounding the plane until Kaulder gets his hands on the runes and calms the storm. Kaulder continues to work in New York City with the Axe and Cross, made up of special priests called "Dolans". Kaulder's current ally is Dolan The 36th (Michael Caine), who is approaching retirement. His successor is set to be the 37th (Elijah Wood), a young man eager to work with Kaulder. 36th warns 37th of how intense Kaulder can be. 37th calls Kaulder one day to inform him that 36th has passed on. After the Axe and Cross hold their service for 36th, 37th becomes initiated as the next Dolan. He tells Kaulder that he remembers him from his childhood since Kaulder killed the witches that killed 37th's parents, and he has been waiting all his life to fight with Kaulder. The two go to 36th's apartment to find answers. Kaulder notices three dead insects scattered close to each other and senses something suspicious. He discovers that the place has been cursed with dark magic, implying that 36th was murdered. Kaulder brings 37th to a bakery run by Max Schlesinger (Isaach de Bankole), who uses magic creatures in his food to enchant customers. He has done shady dealings with witches and warlocks, leading them to suspect that Max gave something valuable to a warlock named Ellic (Joseph Gilgun), who was sent by someone worse to look for something in 36th's apartment. Kaulder brings Ellic before a council of witches led by Glaeser (Rena Owen) to determine Ellic's fate. He is imprisoned by them. Kaulder and 37th go to 36th's body and realize that he's not dead, but cursed, and the only way to break the curse is to kill the witch or warlock that did it to him. Back in the apartment, Kaulder notices a book that 36th left clues in. On three separate pages, the words "remember", "your", and "death" have bloody fingerprints on them. Kaulder knows it's a message, and he states that there's only one way for him to remember his death: magic. Kaulder goes to a witch bar run by Chloe (Rose Leslie), who is a special type of witch known as a Dreamwalker. As he enters the bar, all the other witches and warlocks head for the hills, knowing of the witch hunter's brutal reputation against their kind. Kaulder approaches Chloe and asks for a memory spell to remember his death. She injects such a spell into a cherry for Kaulder to consume. He pops the cherry in his mouth and lays back, making Chloe think he's passed out. She takes the opportunity for a witch hunter selfie, but Kaulder is still awake. He then swallows the cherry for real and sees himself walking toward the burning tree where he fought the Witch Queen. He enters and sees his charred corpse, but before anything else can be shown, a warlock named Belial (Olafur Darri Olafsson) pulls him out of the spell and has Kaulder chained to the floor. Kaulder breaks the bones in his hand to release himself as Belial lights the bar on fire. Kaulder and Chloe get out of there in time as the place is destroyed. Chloe wakes up in an apartment and wanders through it. Dark forces begin to rip through the apartment and she briefly appears to be pulled into the walls where she sees a monstrous entity. Kaulder's arms then appear to pull Chloe out until she reawakens to the real world. She's pissed at Kaulder for causing the destruction of her bar, but he still needs a memory spell to figure out what he needs to remember from his death. Knowing that Chloe is a Dreamwalker and that she doesn't need a liquid potion to help Kaulder, he gets her to take both of them into his mind to remember the day he died. They find his charred body again, but this time, they hide as the Axe and Cross arrive. They see the Witch Queen's corpse crumble, leaving her heart still beating. The Dolan tries to stab it, but the burnt Kaulder awakens and screams in pain. Realizing that the heart can't be destroyed without killing Kaulder for good, the Dolan takes the heart with him, leading present day Kaulder to figure out that the Axe and Cross betrayed him and let him endure immortality. Chloe receives a phone call from her friend Miranda (Aimee Carrero), whom she last saw as Kaulder arrived at the bar. The two find Miranda dead after Belial got through with her. He calls them from Miranda's phone to taunt Kaulder. Kaulder and Chloe go to a place where witches are disguised as beautiful women with the power of magic gems that conceal their ugliness. They find the leader, Danique (Dawn Olivieri), who puts Kaulder under a trance where he sees Helena and Elizabeth. Chloe enters Kaulder's mind and breaks him out of the trance. They then interrogate Danique over her business with Belial. She confesses that he helped them obtain the gems in return for helping him obtain the heart of the Witch Queen. Before they leave, Chloe crushes Danique's gem, making her look like a hag once again. Belial locates the Witch Queen's heart with the council of witches, all of whom he murders. He releases Ellic and takes Max to use him as a cocoon to bring the Queen back after burying the heart in the dirt next to Max. Kaulder arrives and finds Max held up by roots. Belial appears from behind but Kaulder kills him with a dagger to the throat. The Witch Queen is already half-alive until she uses a root to grab Kaulder and use his immortality (which she says was always meant for her) to fully return. She peels off Max's skin and emerges in her true form before setting off to unleash her plague upon humanity. Kaulder returns home to find 36th, reawakened after Belial's death. Although Kaulder thinks he's failed in stopping the Witch Queen and is discouraged by the Axe and Cross's deception, 36th encourages him to do what he's always done best. The Witch Queen uses Ellic as a vessel to unleash her plague. Kaulder and Chloe find him in a trance. Chloe enters Ellic's mind to kill him and stop the plague while Kaulder goes after the Queen. Chloe fights Ellic in his mind and pushes him down a hole where he lands on his face and dies, holding off the plague. Still, the Queen's dark magic is spreading across the city. Kaulder battles her and nearly kills her until 37th enters, holding Chloe at gunpoint. He reveals that the witches Kaulder killed in 37th's youth weren't attacking his parents, they WERE his parents. He gives Chloe to the Witch Queen in the hope that she will grant him the magic that he was born without, but the Queen refuses and kills 37th. The Queen possesses Chloe and continues to spread the plague. Kaulder resumes his fight after being motivated by a vision of Helena and Elizabeth. As the Queen uses her powers against Kaulder, he grabs his sword and hurls it into the Queen's chest, where it combines with falling lightning bolts to destroy the Queen once again. As her body crumbles, her heart is exposed again. Kaulder is ready to permanently get rid of her and himself, but Chloe stops him. Despite retaining his immortality, Kaulder is more at peace than before, now having found a new reason to keep living. He joins Chloe as they drive trough the city on another adventure.
tt1727776
Action,Comedy,Horror
The film starts with Ron the janitor (Blake Anderson) jamming out to "Black Widow" in the halls of a research facility. He enters where Dr. Pieter Morris (Theo Kypri) is working on something. Pieter leaves to get a snack from the vending machine while Ron cleans up. He notices something behind a curtain. There, he finds a man hooked up to a machine with tubes, and his skin is pale and veiny. Ron grabs the man's wrist, and he twitches, making Ron stumble backwards and screw up the machine. As he tries to fix it, he then attempts to give the man CPR, until he sees his bleeding gums. He tries to resuscitate him with his hands, but they go through the man's stomach. The man jumps up and starts throwing Ron all over the room while Pieter is struggling to get a bag of chips out. As he tries to reach the bag, Ron emerges from the room all zombified and attacks Pieter. The bag then slowly drops to the bottom. Three boy scouts and childhood buddies - Ben (Tye Sheridan), Carter (Logan Miller), and Augie (Joey Morgan) - are with their Scout Leader Rogers (David Koechner) for scouts registration day. Unfortunately, only one kid is there, and he leaves after watching the corny video. Although discouraged, Rogers reminds the boys that tonight is a special night for Augie, since he's getting his Condor Badge. While driving home, Carter tells Ben that they need to tell Augie that they want to quit being scouts, despite sticking around for the last two years after the death of Augie's dad. Carter is more interested in hooking up with girls, while Ben thinks they should stick around for their buddy. Ben then hits a deer on the road, causing a flat tire. As they change it, Carter sees his sister Kendall (Halston Sage) arriving with her boyfriend Jeff (Patrick Schwarzenegger) and friend Chloe (Niki Koss). Ben has a crush on Kendall, despite her seeing him as a little brother and Carter not knowing. While Ben talks to Kendall, Carter chats up the other two and gets an invitation to a secret senior party that night. Ben then notices that the deer is not in the same spot where it fell. Thinking the party could be life-changing for them, Carter tells Ben that they can go to Augie's badge ceremony and sneak out to the party when he's asleep. Ben drives Carter home where they run into his grouchy elderly neighbor Ms. Fielder (Cloris Leachman), who tells Carter to keep his garbage bins away from her driveway. In the woods, Rogers walks and finds Pieter's badge. He sees something rustling in the bushes. The deer emerges in its zombie state and tries to get Rogers. He stabs the deer in the eye with his lucky knife, only to then get his throat bitten out by zombie Pieter. On the way to the ceremony, Ben and Carter stop by the liquor store so Carter can give a drunken bum $20 to get them beer. This backfires since the man makes a ruckus in the store. Passing by is Denise (Sarah Dumont), a girl that supposedly dropped out from the boys' high school and became a stripper. Ben meets her when the handle of her purse breaks, so he fixes it with a special knot. Denise notices that Carter is trying to get the money back from the bum, so she goes in and coolly grabs the money and gets the beers for the boys before heading to work at the strip joint across the street, Lawrence of Alabia (seriously). Ben and Carter meet Augie in the woods where he's already getting his camping gear ready. The boys hang out and goof off all afternoon until it gets dark. They light a fire and roast marshmallows. Augie tries to light the fire with a flint, but fails and has to use a lighter. When Carter leaves for a bit, Augie expresses his joy at getting to hang out with his friends, making Ben feel a little guilty about wanting to leave. After Augie falls asleep, Carter gets Ben and they drive away, only for Augie to show up on the road. He knows about the party, and while he's heartbroken and disappointed, he tells the guys to go anyway. Ben and Carter stop at the liquor store for a moment. Ben sees that the glass door has been shattered. Carter sees that the bouncer at the strip joint is missing. He gets Ben to go inside with him. Carter runs to get money from the ATM while Ben sits by the stage. A stripper comes out and starts to dance. When Carter shows up, the zombie stripper climbs the pole, and blood spurts from her open neck wound, revealing she is a zombie.. The boys run and find the bouncer is a zombie too. He chases Ben into the bathroom while Carter hides from the stripper. She pulls him out from behind the bar, but Carter kills her by sticking a broken glass bottle in her head (which causes blood to pour from the open wound onto his face). Denise (who is really a cocktail waitress) appears with a shotgun and blasts the bouncer's head off. The three run outside, and the boys slowly realize that they are indeed dealing with a zombie breakout. They run to Ben's car as a horde of zombies approach. Ben drives like crazy out of there, causing his spare tire to fall off. Denise holds off the zombies as the boys quickly replace the tire before they drive away. Augie goes to Rogers' home. He sees nobody there other than a weird collection of Dolly Parton items. Augie then goes to take a dump and returns to the living room to find zombie Rogers. He chases Augie through the house all the way to the basement where Augie grabs a can of lighter fluid and a gas lighter to set his scout leader on fire. He then ties Rogers up and leaves. Ben, Carter, and Denise go to the sheriff's department and see a sign that says the town's been evacuated. The zombie horde gets closer, and the three run inside. The cops have been zombified as well, forcing them to lock themselves in a cell. Augie later shows up after seeing Ben's car and blasts "Crank Dat Soulja Boy" to distract the zombies. As the zombies leave, the three try to get the key from the wall. Ben uses Carter's condoms as a chain and manages to grab the keys until Augie shows up and accidentally kicks them into a drain pipe. Fortunately, Augie picks the lock with his knife. A zombie comes in, but Ben impales it through the head. They head out. The four walk down the road and encounter the drunken bum as a zombie. Augie attempts to assert himself using his scouts knowledge, leading him and Carter to sing "Baby One More Time" with the zombie after they notice his Britney Spears shirt. A bullet then goes through the bum's head, fired by a soldier. He takes the four to the address that Carter was given for the party so they can save Kendall. However, Jeff gave Carter the address to a sewage plant (because it's "full of shit"). Augie tells Carter now he knows what it's like to be screwed over. Carter then admits that he and Ben were already planning to quit being scouts. This makes Augie tell Carter that Ben has a crush on Kendall, angering Carter. To make things worse, they hear on the radio that the town is to be bombed in less than two hours. As the boys fight, the soldier turns into a zombie and attacks Denise. The boys help her, and she smashes the zombie's head with the car door. Carter deduces that Kendall probably wrote the location of the party in her diary, so they take the truck to his house. Back in the boys' neighborhood, they encounter Rogers, half-burnt, and they run him over. They go into Carter's house to find the diary. They look through Kendall's room until they hear a noise from downstairs. Carter and Augie go to check it out. Denise then sees a picture of Kendall and understands why Ben has a crush on her. Noting his lack of confidence, she tells Ben to kiss her. He tries but accidentally headbutts Denise. She then does it for him. Zombies break into Carter's home, including Ms. Fielder. She attacks Carter and tries to literally eat his ass until he and Augie force her against a window to break it and then chop her head off. More zombies attack. The gang fights them and run toward Kendall's room to jump on the trampoline and over the fence. Carter, Denise, and Augie go ahead with Ben going last. As the zombies break into the room, Kendall's diary falls out of the underwear drawer. Ben grabs it and goes to jump, but there are too many zombies on the trampoline, and too many in the room. Ben prepares to jump but nearly slips until he grabs hold of something...a zombie penis. The penis rips off, and Ben falls on the trampoline after Denise distracts the zombies. The gang runs into Ms. Fielder's home where they encounter her zombie cats. After escaping them, they head into the garage and steal her car before getting out of there. The boys learn that the party is at a rec center. Denise finds a motorcycle and goes to get help. Ben gives his friends a rousing speech on how they're going to kick zombie ass and save their friends. They stop at a hardware store and grab many supplies before heading to the party. At the party, Chloe and her boyfriend Travis (Lukas Gage) go into a room so Travis can have sex with Chloe. She refuses but allows him to eat her out. A zombie with no lower jaw enters and kills Travis. He eats Chloe out for a bit before turning her into a zombie. Kendall is worried about her brother, until Jeff admits he gave Carter the wrong address. Pissed, Kendall leaves. Jeff tries to hold her back, but she slaps him. He pushes Kendall as zombie Chloe enters and attacks Jeff. Kendall runs away, only to see that more zombies are coming. When it looks like she's done for, the scouts arrive to lay waste. Ben mows the zombies down with a weed whacker, Carter has a nail gun, and Augie has a gun that shoots heavy balls. Carter "nails" Chloe in the head, while Ben decapitates Jeff. The boys lead the survivors to the stairs while Ben rescues Kendall. He stays behind to lock the doors while his friends run toward a room. Augie places a bomb that he made on the floor and tries to light it. Ben makes another speech on how he and Carter were jerks for trying to ditch Augie; that he and Carter only wanted to leave the Scouts because they were afraid everyone would see them as dorks and socially backward; and that he really loves being a Scout because that's how he became friends with them. Augie goes to light the bomb, but the lighter is out of fluid, and Augie has to again struggle to use his flint. Denise shows up and guides the boys out through a slide. At the last minute, Augie lights the bomb with his flint, and gets out before it goes off and blows up the zombies. The last one is Rogers on the outside, but he's blown up by a grenade. The military finally arrives to save the day. The morning comes, and Denise encourages Ben to go after Kendall. Without a second thought, he walks up to her and kisses her passionately. Augie thinks it's sweet, but Carter is displeased. Kendall smiles, impressed, asking Ben, "Who are you?" Ben answers, "I'm a Scout!" During the end credits, we see the gang's selfies, including Ben taking Kendall to prom and Denise hanging out with the guys. After this, we see outside the rec center where Rogers' head is still alive. A bird poops on him and he goes, "Come on..." before turning to the audience and saying "The end!"
tt1850457
Comedy
The opening scene shows divorced nurse Maura Ellis (Amy Poehler) coming across a man on the street that she believes to be homeless. She wants to help him out, only to watch as he and his friends enter a truck to return to work, making her feel embarrassed. When she gets home, Maura has a Skype chat with her parents Bucky (James Brolin) and Deanna (Dianne Wiest). They drop the news to her that they are planning to sell their old home, to Maura's disappointment. Her parents want her to break the news to her sister, knowing she wouldn't take it well if their parents told her. Maura's sister Kate (Tina Fey) works in her home as a stylist. She tends to a customer named Phil (Chris Parnell), trying to do his eyebrows in time for a date, only to be adding something that causes his eyebrows to slowly burn off. Kate is visited by her daughter Haley (Madison Davenport), who intends to stay with her. Kate admits that she got fired from her last job for flipping out on her boss, and Haley leaves quickly after seeing that her mom is a mess, deciding to stay with a friend. Kate goes down to Florida and meets up with Maura. Kate plans to move back into the house with Maura until they can both get back on their feet. On their way home, they stop at the liquor store and run into a repugnant old classmate named Dave (John Leguizamo), who tries to hit on both women with no luck. They both go home to discover the "sold" sign in front of their house when they pull up to it. Kate throws a tantrum on the front lawn, and Maura is surprised since she didn't realize their parents already sold the house.. Their parents have cleaned out almost the entire house, except for the sisters' old bedroom. Bucky and Deanna ask them to clean it out for the new owners. The ladies go through their old stuff, including their diaries. After reading a bunch of old entries, Kate says she feels bad that Maura never got to have her "big night" in their bedroom. Kate wants to throw a party, and although Maura is initially hesitant, she comes to agree to the idea. Maura and Kate begin their mission to throw one last epic party. They look up their old graduating class and decide which ones to invite, specifically leaving out Kate's nemesis Brinda (Maya Rudolph) and a dorky classmate named Alex (Bobby Moynihan), who tries way too hard to be funny. They buy a bunch of party supplies, only to run into Brinda at the supermarket, where she is clearly upset over not getting an invitation to the party. The sisters come across the new owners, the Geernts (Santino Fontana and Britt Lower). The ladies exchange banter with them and mock them for wanting to paint the steps of the house blue and for wanting to take down their old "sister tree". They go out and shop for new outfits as well. The sisters get their nails done, and Maura, compassionate to a fault, invites the stylist Vicky, aka Hae-Woo (Greta Lee) and her friends to the party. While at the salon, Maura notices a "hiring now" sign and gets Kate to go ask for a job. The manager looks at Kate's bad nail polish job and turns her away, but she makes him appear as though he gave her a job to convince Maura. The last thing they need to do is to cancel dinner with the parents. They go to the retirement resort where they're staying and discover they've caught them in the middle of sex, to everyone's horror. Kate drives Maura by the house of James (Ike Barinholtz), a guy that caught Maura's eye. She awkwardly invites him to the party, which he accepts. When they get home, Maura offers to give Kate a loan since she's supposedly turning her life around. She also asks Kate if she can be the "party mom" that night and not drink so Maura can get drunk and let loose. Kate reluctantly agrees. Night falls, and the sisters get ready for guests to arrive. Their old classmates quickly arrive, including Alex, whom Maura invited out of guilt. He starts off by quickly cracking terrible jokes. More guests arrive, but they only mingle and don't actually enjoy themselves. Things pick up when a group of lesbians arrive with their own DJ and get the party going. Meanwhile, Brinda and her friends are watching "Game of Thrones" on the TV, but the other two friends want to go to the party. Brinda shows up to the party with her friends, but Kate kicks out Brinda and lets the friends stay. She then asks Dave if he can call up his drug dealer and bring some good stuff. Hae-Woo and her friends show up in revealing outfits to bring youthful energy to the party, which is mostly comprised of older couples...and Alex. Brinda tries to get in again, but Kate throws her out for good. Brinda decides to get back by taking blue paint and pouring it into the water pumps, turning the pool water (and the people in it) a dark shade of blue. Dave's drug dealer Pazuzu (John Cena) shows up with a case stocked up with every drug known to man (including cocaine, LSD, PCP, birth control pills and Flintstones gummies). Maura and Kate buy some joints and a bag of cocaine, which Maura hides in her bag, which she hides in her cupboard. Unfortunately, Alex, who is acting out "Scarface", decides to get too into character and snorts half the bag all at once, causing him to wreak havoc around the house. Maura finds James and smokes a joint with him in the attic. Together, they talk about each other and their personal fears. James says he recently lost weight to build self-confidence, while Maura thinks she is too boring. One of her favorite songs comes on, and she starts to dance, only to walk over the attic floor and have her fall through and get partially stuck. James pulls her out, but the floor starts to shake beneath them. They run and end up falling through the ceiling of her bedroom, covered in piles of dust. Still, the two decide to get intimate, after James tries to fix the ceiling. However, Maura lights a Garfield candle that sets off sparks, causing her to drop it on James's crotch. In his panic, he slips on some gel that Kate squeezed out earlier (and never cleaned up) and he falls ass-first onto a ballerina music box, which gets stuck up there. Maura tries to pull it out but cannot, and James leaves annoyed and in pain. Brinda makes another attempt to get into the party, forcing Kate to confront her over why she hates Brinda. This leads to Brinda calling Kate a hothead, making her flip out and giving Brinda an opportunity to take a picture of her crazy self and put it on social media. Moments later, Kate gets a call from Haley, who is with her grandparents. She sees the picture of Kate at the party, still convinced that her mom hasn't changed. Haley calls her mom a loser. Upset, Kate ditches the party mom thing and starts to drink. When she goes out to get more booze, she grabs Maura's bag and looks at her phone to hear a message from Haley, learning that Haley has been staying not with a friend, but with Maura. The sisters, realizing each other's deceptions, confront each other outside the house. Kate left the car running and didn't put the brakes on, so it pushes the sister tree over and it falls on the side of the house. Then a sinkhole swallows up the pool. The sisters fight in the mud, just as their parents arrive with Haley. Seeing the two of them like this, Haley is angry, but she slips into the sinkhole and falls into the pool. Kate jumps in after her, and everyone helps the two of them climb back out. Kate and Maura are forced to own up to their mistakes by their parents. Kate admits she never got a job, but she is on slightly better terms with Haley. Bucky and Deanna force them to clean up the house. Over the next two weeks, the sisters try to do right and fix the house with the help of their friends. By the end of it, Brinda, having patched things up with Kate, helps sell the house again, to Alex and Hae-Woo, his new girlfriend. Brinda is now with Dave too, despite Kate telling her that he has chlamydia. The sisters reconcile, and Kate urges Maura to go after James. She goes to his house and lies facedown in the pool to call for help. James walks into the pool and kisses her. Four months later, it's Christmas-time. The sisters, along with James and Haley, go to their parents' home to celebrate. Kate and Maura hug and then start to do a goofy dance.
tt2025690
Drama,History,Thriller
This film is based on a true story. Wellfleet, Massachusetts, November 1951. Bernie Webber (Chris Pine) and his friend are meeting two ladies for a date. Bernie hasn't met this woman yet and is nervous that she won't like how he looks. When they do meet, they are instantly attracted to each other. Her name is Miriam Penttinen (Holliday Grainger). The two couples go out for the night, ending it on a boat that Bernie, a coast guard, can ride. Before getting on the boat, Miriam kisses Bernie. Four months later (February 17, 1952). Bernie and Miriam are together at a dance. Miriam asks Bernie if he'll marry her. He says 'no', driving her to tears and she runs out of the building. Bernie follows her out and explains that he does want to marry her, but feels that he cannot due to his job. She assures him that she'll stick with him no matter what, and Bernie decides that he definitely wants to marry her. Meanwhile, on a stormy night, two oil tankers, SS Fort Mercer and SS Pendleton, are sailing on the ocean amidst heavy winds and pouring rain. The storm becomes so intense that the waves hit the boat hard until one such wave breaks a hole into the ship. Water starts to spill inside and throw the men all over the place. The damage gets so bad that the ship splits in two, and Mercer sinks to the bottom of the ocean. Knowing they have to stay afloat until they can be rescued, engineer Ray Sybert (Casey Affleck) suggests they run the boat aground to keep it up steadily. The men prepare themselves for this. Bernie is assigned by his superior Daniel Cluff (Eric Bana) to take the CG 36500 motorboat to go out and rescue the men. Bernie brings with him Richard Livesley (Ben Foster), Andy Fitzgerald (Kyle Gallner), and Ervin Maske (John Magaro) to help. The men on the boat work hard to steer the boat aground, though a few of them try to escape on a lifeboat. Ray cuts the rope to the boat and lets it drop. The boat hits the water and is quickly destroyed against the side of the ship. The coast guard men ride through the storm across the treacherous water. They get hit with waves that nearly throw them off their boat, but they hang on tight and continue to brave the storm. Miriam arrives at the station and tearfully demands that Cluff bring Bernie and the others back, knowing how terrible the storm is. Cluff refuses and orders Miriam out of the office. She leaves and drives away, accidentally losing control of the car and driving into a mound of snow where the car gets stuck. Miriam is picked up by a woman who happens to be the wife of Carl Nickerson (Matthew Maher), the man that reported the tankers sinking, making him indirectly responsible for why Bernie and his friends are out in the storm. Carl gets Miriam's car out of the mound. The engineers finally manage to run the ship aground and keep it standing long enough until the coast guard finally arrive. It is noted that there are too many men to fit on the one boat, but they insist on trying. They drop a Jacob's ladder down, and the men slowly start to descend. Some of them fall into the water but are pulled onto the motorboat. Others jump and are caught by Richard, Andy, and Ervin. One man, the ship's cook Tiny Myers (Abraham Benrubi), falls into the water and is killed when his head is struck by the tanker. Ray is the last man to make it onto the boat. The Pendleton slowly loosens and sinks. Bernie calls the station back and informs them that they rescued the men but lost their compass and have no way of making it back to the shore. As the men sail back, Miriam and multiple citizens bring their cars around to the shoreline and flash their headlights to give the men a signal. They make it back and are cheered on as heroes. Bernie and Miriam embrace and kiss. The final text states that Bernie Webber, Andy Fitzgerald, Richard Livesley, and Ervin Maske were seen as heroes. Bernie and Miriam were married until his death in 2009.
tt0918940
Action,Adventure,Drama
In the late 1800's, a conference was held to divide up the African Congo region. King Leopold of Belgium seized control of the land's minerals, which resulted in large profits for his country. When the resources began to run dry, Leopold sent Captain Leon Rom (Christoph Waltz) to secure more minerals. Rom leads a large group of men into the Congo where they find a large rock formation that looks like a face. In the fog, the men hear a sound. A spear is thrown and hits the ground. Rom's men open fire, killing dozens of African tribesmen. Other members of the tribe stand above the rocks and retaliate by killing all of Rom's men. Rom is approached by the leader, Chief Mbonga (Djimon Hounsou). In his hand are three little mineral rocks. Mbonga says he can give Rom all the minerals if he brings him one particular man. Rom agrees and says he only needs a name. In England, the Prime Minister (Jim Broadbent) speaks to John Clayton III, Lord Greystoke (Alexander Skarsgard), who is invited by King Leopold to head an expedition to Boma. George Washington Williams (Samuel L. Jackson) urges John to go, as he is really Tarzan, the famed ape man that lived in the jungle and was raised by apes and has now returned to civilization to claim his place as the last surviving Greystroke family member of the Greystroke estate. John declines the invitation, to the dismay of George and the PM. George follows John outside and tries to persuade John to consider otherwise, and to let him join. John changes his mind and agrees. We see a flashback of decades earlier when John's father had kept himself and his wife Alice in a treehouse as she gave birth. Alice died, and John II buried her. Moments later, John II was attacked and killed by a band of gorillas. In the treehouse, an ape named Kala (Madeleine Worrall) and her son Akut (Matt Cross) find the baby John. Kala adopted him as her own. In the present, John finds his wife Jane (Margot Robbie) conducting a lesson to a group of children. John makes a bird sound, which excites the children as they know he is Tarzan. Later, John tells Jane about the expedition trip. She thinks he is asking her to come, but he tells her she cannot. He worries for her since they have already lost a baby. She leaves disappointed, but he later finds her up in a tree and says she may join. John, Jane, and George take their trip to the Congo. John sees three lions that he knew since they were cubs, and they greet each other (as lions would). The three then encounter a friendly tribe that knew John and Jane during their stay in the jungle. At night, the tribe sings a song that Jane says is "The Legend of Tarzan". As she describes it to George, we see Tarzan as a child trying to live among the apes. The ape leader Kerchak (William Wollen) beat up the boy until Kala intervened. Rom and his men take another ship toward the location where he knows he will find John. They attack the tribe's camp and tie up John and Jane. Rom also shoots the tribe's leader in front of everyone. He captures Jane and several tribe members while John rolls away down a hill. George and the remaining tribe members chase after the villains, but they get away. George finds John and unties him. John sets out to find Jane and the tribe members. George thinks it's a bad idea, but he still follows John, along with seven other members. It is time for him to become Tarzan once again. We see another flashback from the past when Jane first went to the jungle and met Tarzan. At that time, he did not speak or understand a word of English and he began to sniff her. When he started to sniff in certain areas, she pushed him off and scared him away. In the present day Congo, Tarzan and George swing from vines onto the train carrying the tribe members. Tarzan finds a train car full of men that want to kill him. He quickly kicks all their asses. The biggest men enters the car, but Tarzan kicks him out the train in seconds. The tribe members are freed. Rom plans to use the tribe members as slaves in his expedition. On the boat, he has one member and very good friend of Tarzan and Jane, Wasimbu, caged over the water. Jane yells something to Wasimbu in his language, making Rom drop the cage into the water. Jane jumps in and breaks Wasimbu out. They swim to the shore and avoid gunfire and a hungry hungry hippo. Tarzan and George separate from the members so that Rom and his men don't try to kill them. The two encounter Akut, now grown. Tarzan knows he has to fight Akut because he will consider Tarzan a deserter for leaving the jungle. The two fight each other, but Akut overpowers Tarzan. George kneels and bows before Akut so that neither of them get killed. Another flashback shows the reason why Mbonga wants Tarzan. His only son Kulonga (Charles Babalola) killed Kala with an arrow. Tarzan retaliated and killed Kulonga. As he held a dying Kala in his arms, Mbonga's people brought Kulonga's body back to his father. In the present, Tarzan and George find Rom and his men bringing a recaptured Jane toward Mbonga's tribe. The tribesmen attack Tarzan, but he fights them off with ease. Mbonga faces Tarzan and fights him. Tarzan overpowers him and holds his knife to Mbonga's throat. He decides not to kill Mbonga because he wants to help his tribe, knowing that Rom would just kill them all to get what he wants. Rom and his men prepare to ride off on their boat to meet with other miners and explorers. Their camp is trashed by a stampede of wildebeest. Tarzan rides one toward the boat. Jane makes it to safety while Tarzan hops on the boat. He increases the pressure on the boat's engine. Rom chokes him out with his rosary beads. Tarzan calls upon some crocodiles to come toward the boat. He grabs Rom with his legs and holds him as he breaks the beads with his neck muscles. Tarzan releases Rom and lets the crocs eat him. The boat then explodes, destroying the minerals. Tarzan appears behind Jane and kisses her. George returns home and exposes Leopold's dealings to the rest of the world. Tarzan and Jane stay in the jungle as they welcome their first child. The film closes with Tarzan swinging through the trees with his ape family.
tt3949660
Action,Adventure,Comedy
The film starts with the four humanoid teenage mutant ninja turtles Leonardo (Pete Plozek), Donatello (Jeremy Howard), Raphael (Alan Ritchson), and Michelangelo (Noel Fisher) sliding into Madison Square Garden to catch a basketball game by hiding in the jumbotron. Outside, Vern (Will Arnett) is enjoying his new celebrity status as "The Falcon" since the Turtles let him take credit for bringing Shredder (Brian Tee) down a year earlier in the previous film. Mikey and Raph decide to mess with Vern by throwing spitballs at him. Meanwhile, April (Megan Fox) is investigating scientist Baxter Stockman (Tyler Perry), thinking he is up to something suspicious. She sits down with him, pretending to be a big fan of his work, and she leaves once she gets her information. April tells Donnie that she found out Stockman is working for Shredder and is trying to set him loose since Shredder is being transported to another prison soon. The Turtles have to flee when Mikey drops a slice of pizza out of the jumbotron, causing one of the players to slip. Prison guard Casey Jones (Stephen Amell) is set to transport Shredder, along with two other crooks, Bebop (Gary Anthony Williams) and Rocksteady (Sheamus). The two of them are fans of the villain. As they are being taken away, a team of Foot Ninjas pursue the prison van and blow up the security vans in front of them. The Turtles drive by in their own van and shoot manhole covers at the ninjas. Mikey brings out some huge nunchucks and gets a few hits before accidentally destroying them under the bridge. A ninja makes an opening for Shredder to break out of the van, while Bebop and Rocksteady are given a chance to take over the van. We see Stockman in his lab getting ready to teleport Shredder with Karai (Brittany Ishibashi) by his side. Shredder tries to board a chopper overhead while the Turtles try to catch him with a net. Shredder jumps and is then thrown into a portal, leaving the Turtles baffled. Shredder is brought to Dimension X where he encounters the alien creature known as Krang (Brad Garrett). Krang is a slimy pink brain-squid-thing that uses a giant robot to move around. He tells Shredder to help him gather the pieces to a portal to bring him to Earth where he can unleash a device called the Technodrome so that he may rule over Earth. Stockman already has one piece, and the other two are located at the Museum of Natural History and a rainforest in Brazil. Shredder agrees on the condition that Krang help him eliminate the Turtles. Krang accepts the proposal and sends Shredder back to Earth. The Turtles sneak back to the sewers. Mikey sees the Halloween parade happening, which he wants to join in since he knows he'll fit in. His brothers make him come back. They slide down and interrupt Splinter (Tony Shaloub) during his meditation. Chief Rebecca Vincent (Laura Linney) chastises Casey for the escape of the three convicts. Casey tries to defend himself by stating what he saw, but it sounds too farfetched to be believable. Vincent orders him to stay off the case. However, Casey finds the police file on Bebop and Rocksteady and finds out their favorite bar to hang out at, knowing they would be dumb enough to go back there. Sure enough, Bebop and Rocksteady are at the bar plotting to start their own criminal organization since they think Shredder is out of the picture. He appears before them in his suit and demands that they be his errand boys, which they accept. Casey later arrives at the bar and asks the bartender where to find the crooks, or else he'll keep trashing the bar. The bartender gives him a GPS to use to track them from a signal in the phones he gave them (which were supposed to be untraceable). Shredder brings the two to Stockman's lab at the TCRI building. Stockman has developed a formula using a special brand of mutagen that can create powerful beings. Shredder takes two darts and shoots them at Bebop and Rocksteady. The two begin to mutate into bigger and stronger creatures. Bebop becomes a warthog and Rocksteady turns into a rhino. Meanwhile, April has snuck into the lab and she steals the mutagen sample. She runs out into an alley where she is cornered by Foot Ninjas. April thinks that the Turtles will show up to rescue her, but instead, it's Casey (who tracked Bebop and Rocksteady's signal to the building) who shows up with a hockey mask and stick, hitting pucks at the ninjas to take them out. Police arrive and take the mutagen sample (after a ninja took it from April). The Turtles then arrive after the fight is done. They bring Casey to their lair where they trick him into trying to attack Splinter, only for the rat to drop him on his ass. Bebop and Rocksteady hit the Museum of Natural History and steal the next piece for the portal machine. Donnie analyzes a sample of the mutagen and discovers it has the ability to possibly turn him and his brothers human. He tells Leo, but he thinks it would be a bad idea, and he tells Donnie not to let the others know. Mikey heard the whole thing and he tells Raph. Raph confronts Leo for keeping secrets from his brothers. Raph and Mikey think it would be great if they could be human so that they could walk among the humans without being seen as freaks, but Leo insists that they are meant to be turtles. With April and Casey's help, Mikey and Raph try to sneak into the police station to recover the mutagen sample while Leo and Donnie are on another mission. When Mikey and Raph encounter trouble, they call their brothers for help. The police corner the Turtles, with one of the cops calling them monsters. April and Casey run in to cover them, leaving them to get arrested while the Turtles retreat. Leo chastises his brothers, saying they do not work well as a team. He goes to voice his concerns to Splinter, who says that the fact that each Turtle thinks differently is what makes them a strong team. The Turtles learn that Bebop and Rocksteady are headed to Brazil to recover the last piece of the machine. The thugs find the piece and are already flying back toward New York. The Turtles, flying in their own plane, drop down to intercept them. They jump off their plane and enter the villains' plane. They encounter Bebop and Rocksteady face-to-face and begin fighting them. Rocksteady hops inside a tank and shoots at the Turtles, unintentionally causing the plane to crash into the river. Rocksteady continues firing from the tank as the Turtles still try fighting him and Bebop. The Turtles then plummet down a waterfall, but they hide in their shells for safety. Back in New York, April and Casey are being detained by Vincent. Vincent plays security footage from Stockman's lab to make it look like April broke in and stole the mutagen sample. Casey manages to pick Vincent's pocket to get her phone to let April call Vern. Vern uses his status to get into the TCRI labs and steal the unaltered security footage. He brings it to the police station and shows it to Vincent. The video then shows the mutated Bebop and Rocksteady to prove April and Casey aren't crazy. Vincent has no choice but to let them go. The villains now have each piece to the portal machine, which Stockman uses to open the portal to Dimension X. Shredder betrays Stockman and has his ninjas take him far away. Shredder returns to Dimension X and tells Krang that everything is falling into place. However, Shredder gets a taste of his own medicine when Krang says he plans on taking all the glory in his scheme. Krang freezes Shredder and holds him within his ship before making his way to Earth. The Technodrome begins forming piece-by-piece above the city. The Turtles decide they must spring into action, but are conflicted on whether or not they do it as humans or turtles. They take the mutagen sample they got, but Raph chucks it against the wall so they can take Krang on as NINJA TURTLES. On the surface, they are met by April, Casey, Vern, Vincent, and the cops. Vern then admits that he got help from his friends in taking down Shredder. Vincent meets the Turtles and becomes certain that they mean to save the city. The Turtles hop on the flying pieces and find Krang on his ship. As they fight him, April and Casey confront Karai at the lab. The Turtles bring Krang and his robot down while April takes Karai out, and Casey closes the portal. The Technodrome falls apart, bringing it and Krang back to Dimension X. Krang vows to return for the Turtles, bigger and stronger than before. The Turtles are honored by Vincent and the NYPD for their heroics. April, Casey, Vern, and even Splinter are their to support them. Although they are given the chance to live above the sewers, the Turtles decide that they will stay where they are, and they will continue to protect the city. In the final shot, the brothers then go to the top of the Statue of Liberty and cheer for their victory.
tt3850590
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
The movie opens with a montage of crazed customers storming into a store for their Christmas shopping, trampling over the store's employees before maniacally grabbing every hot item they can get their hands on, all to the tune of "It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like Christmas". In the mall, we see two parents, Tom and Sarah Engel (Adam Scott and Toni Collette), run to their son Max (Emjay Anthony) as he is fighting with another child after this child spoke ill of Santa Claus to the other children. Max's sister Beth (Stefania LaVie Owen) gleefully films everything on her phone. The family returns home where Max's German grandmother Omi (Krista Stadler) is baking. Sarah continues working in the kitchen in anticipation of her sister and her family arriving. She is anxious, as is everyone else, but Sarah tries to keep the Christmas spirit alive in the house. She hangs up a picture of her family posing with Santa, but it's ruined by everyone looking uninterested and Santa checking out Beth's butt. Sarah's sister Linda (Allison Tolman) arrives with her husband Howard (David Koechner) and their kids - Howie Jr (Maverick Flack), Stevie (Lolo Owen), Jordan (Queenie Samuel), and Baby Chrissy, along with the family dog Rosie. Also joining them, to Sarah's extreme displeasure, is their Aunt Dorothy (Conchata Ferrell), whom Sarah considers to be a nightmare. The family gathers for dinner, where Howard takes the time to boast about his use of guns, despite Linda telling him not to bring that up. Dorothy insults Sarah's cooking, so Sarah goes to get the dessert in the kitchen, where Dorothy follows her to make more complaints until Sarah shuts her up. Stevie and Jordan mock Max for still writing a letter to Santa. They swiped it off of him and start reading off Max's wishes. He wants his parents to be in love again, for him and Beth to spend time like they used to, and for things to go better between Linda and Howard. Stevie gets angry when she reads that Max wrote that Howard wishes she and Jordan were boys. Max loses it and fights Stevie to get the letter back. He yells at the whole family and says he wishes Christmas was like it used to be, but now he hates the holiday and his dysfunctional family before running back upstairs. Tom goes upstairs to comfort his son and remind him that this is the time of year where they have to deal with family members like this. After Tom leaves, Max puts his Santa letter into an envelope, but he is too angry to go through with it and he tears up the letter. He throws the pieces out the window, which are then blown up high into the sky. A dark cloud then forms over the whole neighborhood, followed by a strong gust of wind that takes out the power. The next morning, the whole family is struggling without heat and electricity as a snowstorms blows through the area. Max looks out the window and notices a creepy snowman having been built in front of the house. Someone knocks on the door and Linda answers it to find a delivery guy bringing some boxes. Next to him is a sack of gifts, but he claims it didn't come from him. Beth suggests that she walk a few blocks to her boyfriend Derek's house to see if he has power (and also so she won't be stuck with the family). Although Sarah is hesitant, she and Tom allow Beth to go out for an hour. Beth walks through the storm and sees a large horned creature perched on top of a roof. The sky becomes darker, and the creature appears to follow Beth. She runs away as the creature pounces across rooftops. Beth finds the delivery guy literally frozen in fear. She hides underneath his truck as the creature lands on the ground, where Beth sees its hooves. To her side, she sees a jack-in-the-box playing a tune. It opens and a smaller creature emerges slowly before attacking Beth. As it gets darker, Tom and Sarah become concerned when Beth doesn't return. Howard agrees to go out with Tom in his Hummer to find her, and Howard gives Tom a gun to carry just in case. They go to Derek's house and find it unoccupied and wrecked. The two see large hoofprints in the snow. They go back outside and Tom hears Beth screaming. He runs to find her, only for something burrowing underneath the snow to grab Howard. It nearly drags him beneath the snow until Tom shoots at the creature and sends it fleeing. They find the Hummer has been destroyed and they run home. The ladies tend to Howard's leg, which appears to have a bite mark on it. Omi is seen looking nervous by the fireplace. Tom says they need to board up the house and look for Beth in the morning. The adults decide to take turns keeping watch for anything suspicious. Howard volunteers to stay awake while Tom rests with his family. Howard also apologizes to Tom for thinking he was always a "spineless dick". Eventually, everyone falls asleep and the fire goes out. A hook descends from the chimney with a gingerbread man cookie tied to it. This awakens Howie Jr. He goes over to the cookie and takes a bite out of its head, only for the gingerbread man to come to life and frighten Howie. The hook wraps around Howie and starts pulling him up the tree. Sarah wakes up and runs to grab the boy, with the rest of the adults grabbing her for help. Sarah accidentally kicks a hot log toward the Christmas tree, igniting the presents and then the whole tree. Max runs to get the fire extinguisher and puts out the fire, but Sarah gets freaked out by the cookie, causing her to let go of Howie, and he is taken up the chimney. Now convinced that something unnatural is occurring, Omi speaks English for the first time to tell the family that she knows who is doing this, and that this is all their fault. She says she experienced the same thing as a child. Through an animated sequence, we see Omi as a little girl in her old poverty-stricken village. She was holding a toy Santa and a loaf of bread, but the other villagers snatched the bread from her and fought each other for it. When Omi returned home, her parents didn't help matters through their own bad behavior, and her mother ripped the Santa doll. Omi lost her holiday spirit and threw the doll in the fireplace after wishing that her parents would go away. This wish would summon an ancient spirit that arrives to punish anyone that disrespected the Christmas spirit. the spirit's name is Krampus, and he brings multiple helpers to terrorize the misbehaved. Omi watched as Krampus and his helpers dragged her parents to their underworld, with Krampus leaving her with nothing but a bauble with his name on it as a reminder of what she's done. Omi shows the family the bauble, and to this day, she has regretted making that wish. Howard remains unconvinced that this is the work of some supernatural entity, and he grabs his shotgun to go out and find Howie. As he opens the door, he discovers a snowman with a close resemblance to Howie on the front porch. Several demonic creatures lurk behind the snowmen, and Sarah pulls Howard back inside the house. Tom devises a plan to get to the snowplow with the family and head to the mall for shelter. Meanwhile, Stevie and Jordan think they hear what sounds like Beth's voice coming from upstairs. They walk up to investigate, but then the adults hear the girls screaming. Tom, Sarah, and Linda run up to the attic and notice that the kids' presents had something burst out of them. They then come across an enormous, worm-like Jack-in-the-Box in the process of swallowing Jordan whole. Tom shoots it, causing it to flee towards the vents, where it later escapes. The adults then get attacked by demonic toys. Sarah faces her mother's angel ornament that nearly hangs her with Christmas lights, Linda is jumped by an evil teddy bear, and Tom is attacked by a robot toy. Downstairs, Howard gets shot with a nail gun by three gingerbread men. Linda sees Stevie in the next room, driving her to grab an icicle and stab the teddy in the eye. She grabs a hatchet and swings at the angel and robot before running to Stevie. Sarah gets Howard's gun and shoots the robot to pieces. Howard shoots a lantern that burns the cookies, only for one to survive and pounce toward him, but Rosie eats it. The family goes downstairs to the living room where Max sends Rosie into the ventilation shaft to combat the clown, but the dog is consume by it off-screen. The Jack-in-the-Box clown suddenly crashes through the ceiling into the living room. Before Howard can kill it, the teddy and cherub leap down from the hole in the ceiling to attack once more. Dorothy takes the shotgun and kills the teddy and angel, but before she can finish off the clown, a group of dark elves break into the house. They take Dorothy and Chrissy, while Howard is lost when he grabs onto the clown's tail as it is sucked out through the hole in the wall. A loud thumping is heard on the roof, signifying the arrival of Krampus and causing the elves to flee. Omi stays behind while Tom, Sarah, Linda, Max, and Stevie escape. Omi then comes face-to-face with Krampus, who looks like a demonic Santa Claus with a long tongue. He opens his sack in front of Omi, and a gruesome-looking nutcracker soldier grabs her and pulls her inside. The family heads toward the snowplow, only for the creature in the snow to attack again. It first takes Tom before also getting Linda and Sarah. Max and Stevie get into the snowplow. Max tries to start it, but the elves attack and take Stevie. Max runs after her and he is faced by Krampus. He hands Max his torn-up letter that is wrapped around a bauble similar to what he gave Omi. This leads Max to realize that it's his fault that Krampus arrived. He follows the demons to a spot where they are preparing to take Stevie. Max calls to Krampus and throws the bauble back toward him. It sinks in the snow and opens up a massive hole in the earth that leads to the underworld. The elves hold Stevie over it until Max tells Krampus that he knows it's his fault that Krampus is there, and he offers to take Stevie's place. Krampus wipes Max's tear with his claw, but he and the elves start laughing as they throw Stevie into the hole. Krampus grabs Max and holds him over the hole. Max says he only wishes Christmas could be like it used to be. Krampus drops a screaming Max into the hole. Max then wakes up and finds himself in his room, and it's now Christmas Day. He goes downstairs and sees the whole family together, looking more happy and peaceful than they did a few days ago. They start to open presents, and Max hugs his parents, thinking the whole ordeal was just a bad dream. He then opens his gift to find the Krampus bauble, and suddenly everyone has an ominous look on their faces as their memories of the horrific events slowly come back to them. The camera pans out revealing that either the family is being watched through a snow globe by Krampus, along with hundreds of others in his collection, or are now held prisoner for all eternity by the evil Krampus. The evil toys then appear for one last jump scare.
tt2398241
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
The film opens with Smuf elder, Papa Smurf (voice of Mandy Patinkin) introducing all the Smurfs in the village - Clumsy (voice of Jack McBrayer), Hefty (voice of Joe Manganiello), Brainy (voice of Danny Pudi), Grouchy (voice of Jake Johnson), Baker (voice of Gordon Ramsay), Vanity (voice of Titus Burgess), Jokey (voice of Gabriel Iglesias), plus Nosy, Paranoid, and Table-Eating Smurf, among others. Then there is Smurfette (voice of Demi Lovato), who was created by the evil wizard Gargamel (Rainn Wilson) from a lump of clay to go into the Smurfs' village and steal their magic. Papa used his own magic to make Smurfette good like the rest of them, but nobody is quite sure how to explain just what Smurfette is. Smurfette is invited by Hefty, Brainy, and Clumsy to go Smurf-boarding with them. Meanwhile, Gargamel is continuing to do what he can to get his hands on the Smurfs. He sends his pet vulture Monty to go down and get some Smurfs. After Smurfette goes up for boarding, she lands in a spot where she sees a pair of eyes. She follows the creature until it sneaks back through a crack in a wall separating the Smurf village from the Forbidden Forest. She sees that the creature dropped a hat similar to her own, only made from a different material. Smurfette's friends find her but she is suddenly snatched by Monty as he flies back to Gargamel's lair. Gargamel throws Smurfette into a cage as he snatches the hat away from her. After throwing part of it into his cauldron, he and his pet cat/henchman Azrael discover that the hat came from another village of Smurfs beyond the Forbidden Forest, with his only clue being an image that looks like three trees. While Gargamel is distracted, Hefty, Brainy, and Clumsy make it inside and break Smurfette out. Gargamel spots them and tries to capture them, but the four escape. When they get back to their village, they are discovered by Papa, who is not happy that the Smurfs went past the wall. He grounds them as punishment. Smurfette sneaks out that night to go through the wall. Hefty, Brainy, and Clumsy all follow and join her. Once they make it through the other side, they are grabbed by live flowers that try to eat them. The Smurfs break free from them and soon run into flying creatures that breathe fire, which Brainy decides to refer to as dragonflies. Gargamel then shows up with Azrael and Monty. He causes Clumsy to grab one of the dragonfly eggs, leading to the other dragonflies to chase after the Smurfs. The Smurfs fall into holes while the dragonflies breathe fire down there, making Gargamel think they are dead. The Smurfs are now separated in the tunnels. Clumsy grabs an explosive liquid that Brainy invented and uses it to blow a hole in the wall. They are found by glowing bunnies. Smurfette gets one that she names Bucky and uses him to lead her and her friends out of the tunnels. Bucky takes them by a floating river, leaving the Smurfs to ride it out themselves since Bucky knows it's dangerous. On the river, they run into Gargamel again. When he tries to attack, the Smurfs knock him and his pets into the water. Gargamel then flails around crying for help, so Hefty feels guilty and gets his friends to go back to help them. Predictably, Gargamel returns the favor by knocking the Smurfs off their raft and taking it from them. Back in the Smurf village, Papa goes to talk to Smurfette. When he doesn't get a response, he goes into her house and sees she's not there. He goes to the homes of Hefty, Brainy, and Clumsy to find that they snuck out as well. Papa is not happy. The Smurfs end up in Smurfy Grove, the lost village of Smurfs. They are found by a whole other group of Smurfs, all of whom are female. They meet SmurfLily (voice of Ariel Winter), the Smurf that Smurfette saw earlier. Then they meet the hyperactive SmurfBlossom (voice of Ellie Kemper), tough and suspicious SmurfStorm (voice of Michelle Rodriguez), plus the many other Smurfs, along with their leader, SmurfWillow (voice of Julia Roberts). Smurfette warns the villagers about Gargamel and his impending arrival. When Smurfette shows them the three trees, Willow says they were looking at it upside down and are looking at waterfalls, seen just past the lake. Storm says that if Gargamel saw trees, then he would end up in the Swamp of No Return (which he did). Storm goes out on her dragonfly with Clumsy to keep an eye out on Gargamel or other unwelcome intruders. Clumsy and Storm ride high above the clouds and are spotted by Gargamel once he gets out of the swamp. He sends Monty to go after them. Storm fires her arrows while Clumsy steers the dragonfly. He then lights an arrow on fire and gives it to Storm so she can hit Monty. He goes flying down and lands in Gargamel's arms. Upon returning to Smurfy Grove, the others find that Papa has made it by riding a glow-bunny. When the other Smurfs learn that Smurfette was created by Gargamel, Storm accuses her of being there to capture them for his schemes. Gargamel then emerges and starts using his freeze balls to capture all the Smurfs he can grab. They don't work on Smurfette because she's not a natural-born Smurf and she just absorbs the energy. Gargamel taunts her and thanks her for leading him to them. He leaves Smurfette alone crying. The forest creatures gather around her to comfort her. Brainy's pet ladybug (who also acts like a camera) comes around to remind Smurfette of her friends. She then hatches an idea. In his castle, Gargamel starts to use Clumsy and some of the other Smurfs for his machine. He begins to take in their magic until Smurfette walks in. She pretends to be in league with Gargamel and asks that he distribute some power to her. He does so, but she just absorbs the magic and uses it to release her friends and to shoot Gargamel, Azrael, and Monty out of the castle and back to the Swamp of No Return where they are chased by piranhas. The Smurfs are free, but Smurfette's act has caused her to revert back to clay. The Smurfs sadly take her back to the village. All the Smurfs from both villages come together to mourn Smurfette. They lay her down in a bed of flowers and hold hands. Together, their love produces magic that revives Smurfette. Her friends embrace her and they all get together for a celebration. The Smurfs then decide that Smurfette is whoever or whatever she wants to be, and they love her for it.
tt2848292
Comedy,Music
In the opening scene of this sequel to the previous film, the Barden Bellas are performing at an a cappella tournament with the Obamas in attendance. Now led by Beca (Anna Kendrick), the Bellas - Fat Amy (Rebel Wilson), Chloe (Brittany Snow), Cynthia-Rose (Ester Dean), Stacie (Alexis Knapp), Lilly (Hana Mae Lee), Jessica (Kelley Jakle), Ashley (Shelley Regner), and the newest addition Flo (Chrissie Fit) - come out in sequined outfits performing "Timber". Commentating the event once again are John and Gail (John Michael Higgins and Elizabeth Banks). Fat Amy comes out hanging from a silk sheet singing "Wrecking Ball", when she is suddenly swung upside down and her outfit rips. She spins around and gives the crowd a great view of "down under". The incident becomes nationwide news, and the Bellas are called in to see the university's dean. Due to the "Muffgate Incident", the Bellas are suspended from performing in any a cappella showcase or competition. Their best bet of getting back in is to compete in an A Capella World Tournament. John and Gail laugh them off since no U.S. team has won because everyone hates the U.S. A freshman named Emily (Hailee Steinfeld) walks to a musical orientation with her mom Catherine (Katey Sagal), who was once a Bella herself. Emily hopes to follow in her mother's footsteps, despite their recent troubles. She goes to the auditorium to see an a cappella performance from the Treblemakers, co-led by Jesse (Skylar Astin) and Benji (Ben Platt). They put on a good show for the audience, and Emily later meets Jesse and Benji outside, where Benji immediately develops a crush on Emily. He tries to talk to her and says he wants to put her in a box and saw her in half...for magic. Jesse says he's seen him do worse. Beca secretly starts an internship at a recording studio. She sits in with other interns as the boss (Keegan-Michael Key) tells them that Snoop Dogg is going to record a Christmas album with them, but he is looking for something fresh to add over all the other Christmas albums put out. One intern, Dax (Shawn Carter Peterson), suggests a dumb idea about Snoop performing with dogs...for obvious reasons. The boss makes Dax take a lap around the office in his skinny jeans. Chloe registers the Bellas to compete for the Worlds in Copenhagen. Emily stops by their house to personally audition for them, and the ladies become interested after learning that Emily's mom was a pioneering Bella, making Emily a Legacy Bella. Emily performs a song that she wrote called "Flashlight". The Bellas like her, despite some reservations, and they officially make her a Bella. They take Emily to a party of a cappella students. Beca finds Jesse, who is the only one that knows about Beca's internship. The Bellas go to a car show that they would have performed at before their suspension so that they can check out the team that has replaced them. They are the dominating German team, Das Sound Machine, co-led by Kommissar (Birgitte Hjort Sorensen) and Pieter (Flula Borg). DMS performs an epic rendition of "Uprising". They approach the Bellas after the show to make condescending remarks, though Beca finds herself sort of attracted to Kommissar. At work, Beca watches her boss as he records Snoop Dogg singing "Winter Wonderland". The boss is frustrated at not finding anything good to add to this, until Beca steps in and volunteers to tweak with the beat player and then starts singing "Here Comes Santa Claus" alongside Snoop. The boss likes what he hears, and he asks Beca to show him whatever else she's working on. Beca goes back to the house to find the ladies pillow-fighting. She brings them a fancy invitation to the Bellas for an exclusive a cappella riff-off. The Bellas go to the house where the riff-off is held, and they find the Treblemakers there, along with DMS, the Tone Hangers, which now include Bumper (Adam Devine), and even the Green Bay Packers. Kommissar and Pieter taunt the Bellas again before the competition starts. The first category is "Songs About Butts". The Treblemakers get cut when singing "Baby Got Back" because Benji trails off after catching a glimpse of Emily. The next one is "Country Love", which ruins the Packers since Clay Matthews doesn't know where to start. The Tone Hangers lose after "I Dated John Mayer" when Bumper sings the wrong song. Finally, the Bellas and DMS compete in "90's Hip Hop Jamz" and lose when Emily starts to awkwardly sing her song. The other Bellas are disappointed. Beca's boss is unimpressed with what she brings him since it's mostly mash-ups. This, coupled with the Bellas' recent embarrassments, hurts her confidence. Fat Amy goes into Beca's room and tries to help boost it, admitting that she knows about the internship since she saw her badge after sneaking into her purse. Bumper brings Fat Amy into the bodega with a dinner he's prepared, and he asks her to be his girlfriend since he wants to do more than just hook up. Fat Amy declines as she does not want to be tied down. She leaves Bumper disappointed. The Bellas go to put on a performance at a country club as a sort of practice before the Worlds. They braid their hair and do a medley of "Promises" and "Problem", with some props and effects to go with it. Sparks go off, and Cynthia-Rose's hair catches fire, causing another bumbled performance. Chloe decides to bring the ladies to a retreat center run by their old comrade Aubrey (Anna Camp). The point is to help the Bellas get their sound back. Aubrey subjects them to several group exercises and activities. Beca becomes frustrated, prompting Chloe to ask her why she's been acting odd lately. Fat Amy makes Beca admit to the internship, but she also adds that she's the only one in the group that's thinking of the future beyond being a Bella, unlike Chloe who didn't graduate with Aubrey and stuck with the Bellas. They argue, and Beca walks away right into a net trap that pulls her up into the trees. She gets cut down by Lilly since she sleeps upside down like a bat. At night, the ladies have chilled out and are roasting marshmallows. Beca says that after college, she won't remember performing, but she'll remember her Bella sisters. Chloe decides that she'll finally graduate and teach children to sing...or exotic dancing. They all sing "Cups". Then Fat Amy starts to say what she'll do later on, until she realizes that she is in love with Bumper. She runs off to her man, until she also gets caught in a trap. Fat Amy rides a paddleboat back to campus to find Bumper where they sing "We Belong" to each other. They then start making out on the field, to the horror of the Treblemakers. Beca helps Emily record her song with some of Beca's beats. They show it to the boss, who says he doesn't like it since he feels he could do the same but he thinks the two of them have potential and he is willing to work with them. The Bellas graduate and head off to Copenhagen for the Worlds. Before the show, Benji finds Emily and is about to do a magic trick when she instead kisses him. As the show starts, the other competing teams sing their own renditions of "Any Way You Want It." DMS goes up to do a kick-ass medley of "My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark" and "All I Do Is Win", complete with fire effects. The Bellas are up next, and they perform "Run The World (Girls)", "Where Them Girls At", and a special performance of Emily's "Flashlight", with a surprise appearance from other former Bellas, including Aubrey and Catherine. The audience waves the flashlights that Benji passed around, and they love the Bellas. Kommissar and Pieter shake their heads, knowing that they've been beaten. The Bellas become the new World Champions. When the ladies get home, they give Emily a proper Bella initiation. The last step is to christen the house by sliding down the stairs. Fat Amy demonstrates and tumbles down the stairs hard, but she gets back up on her feet quickly. Emily then takes her turn. During the end credits, we see Bumper performing "All of Me" on "The Voice". He gets Blake Shelton to turn around until he starts acting weird and makes him turn back around. Bumper keeps performing his heart out and gets Blake to turn back around, along with Adam Levine, Pharrell, and Christina Aguilera. Bumper picks Christina to be his coach, and he goes to give her an uncomfortable hug.
tt2404233
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
An opening voice-over states that according to a legend, Egypt was the birthplace of civilization. The gods co-existed among the mortals and created the flourishing land for them to share. The son of Ra, Osiris, ruled over the land, while his brother Set was relegated to the desert, to his anger. The time has come for Horus, the son of Osiris, to take his place as king. A mortal young man named Bek (Brenton Thwaites) steals a dress from a vendor in the market to give to his beloved Zaya (Courtney Eaton). They are preparing to go to the coronation event later that day. Horus (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau) is passed out from a wild event of drinking with the gods the previous night. His beloved woman is Hathor (Elodie Yung), the goddess of love. The time comes for the coronation to take place. Bek and Zaya, along with nearly the whole city, is in attendance. Osiris (Bryan Brown) and his wife Isis (Rachael Blake) bring their son forward and are prepared to pass leadership to him, when Set (Gerard Butler) arrives at the last minute with a gift for Horus, a battle horn. Horus blows into it, summoning Set's army to the front. Turns out Set is staging a coup against his brother and nephew. He demands Osiris to battle him, but he refuses. Set stabs Osiris in the abdomen, leaving him to bleed gold and die. Enraged, Horus transforms into his winged god form, while Set morphs into his dog-like form. They battle in front of everyone, but Set gains the upper hand and is ready to kill Horus until Hathor kneels before him so that Horus may be spared. Set orders all the gods and mortals to kneel before him, and he plucks out both of Horus's all-seeing eyes. A year passes, and all of Egypt is under Set's rule. Those who do not follow him are either left dead or thrown into slavery, like Zaya. Bek frequently visits her in secrecy while her cruel master Urshu (Rufus Sewell) tends to his business with Set, which is building monuments in his honor. Zaya says that only Horus can save them, but he needs his eyes, which are kept in Set's vaults. Bek sneaks into one of the vaults and overcomes three bridges that are booby-trapped. He reaches the end, but he finds only one of Horus's eyes. Still, it is powerful and bright enough to ward off scorpions from down below. Bek returns to Urshu's home to rescue Zaya. Urshu and his guards are already waiting for him. Bek pulls out the eye to release a blinding white light, allowing him and Zaya to escape. Unfortunately, during the escape, Zaya is struck by an arrow shot by Urshu. She tells Bek she'll always love him and that death won't keep them apart. She dies before Bek knows it. Bek arrives at Horus's home where the disgraced god lives in squalor. He asks Horus for help, but he refuses until Bek brings out the eye. The two of them briefly duel until Bek says he can get him his other eye if he helps bring Zaya back to life. Horus promises, despite the truth being that it is impossible. For now, Horus summons Anubis (Goran D. Kleut) to guide her toward the afterlife, but Bek must rescue her before she reaches the final gate. Set learns that his vault was broken into. He travels to Horus's now empty home and finds Zaya's body lying under the floor, knowing what is going on. Set later sends his army toward the home of another god, Nephthys (Emma Booth), who was Horus's wife. He cruelly strikes her down and cuts off her wings. Horus brings Bek to the top of a pyramid to pray to his grandfather Ra (Geoffrey Rush) for help. Ra answers his prayer and allows him to morph into his god form so that he may fly up with Bek to Ra's home near the sun. Ra is constantly fighting Apep, the serpent god of chaos that appears as a gigantic black cloud. Horus seeks his grandfather's help to defeat Set. Horus is allowed to take special water from the Nile to hydrate the deserts and take away Set's power. Hathor, who has been kept as Set's slave, chooses to rebel against him. She grabs her bracelet, which wards off evil spirits, and she takes it off, which plunges her into the world of the evil spirits until she puts it back on and is transported somewhere far from Set. Horus and Bek are in the desert and are pursued by Set's hunters, Astarte (Yaya Deng) and Atat (Abbey Lee), both riding enormous fire-breathing serpents. The villains chase after the heroes. Horus traps Atat onto her serpent as it rides over the edge of a cliff to their deaths. Hathor arrives and commands Astarte's serpent to set itself on fire, killing itself and Astarte. The three continue their journey. In order to get into the vault to retrieve the other eye, they must pass the riddle of the Sphinx. They go to the temple of Thoth (Chadwick Boseman), the god of wisdom. Before entering, Hathor commands Bek to get her some water, but because his heart belongs to another, her powers don't work on him. He tells her about Zaya. Hathor is able to contact Zaya from beyond worlds to let her know that Bek is trying to rescue her. Although highly knowledgeable, Thoth is vain and has multiple copies of himself doing work for him. Bek plays on his ego and gets him to help them. He joins the three as they encounter the Sphinx. The Sphinx recites the riddle, and Thoth answers, but his first two guesses are incorrect. He decides to think as a mortal instead of a god, and he gets the answer right. The heroes find the eye, and Bek is preparing to pour the water to stop Set, until Set himself shows up. He steals Thoth's brain and tells Bek that he knows what Horus promised him, and that he cannot bring Zaya back. Set takes the water and pours it out. Set travels to Ra's home and expresses his anger over his destiny. He criticizes Ra for not allowing him to have children. Ra says it was part of a test that he has yet to pass. Ra wanted Set to take over his own duties to fight Apep, but Set instead duels his father and takes Ra's spear, impaling him. Set sends Ra over the edge, thus allowing Apep to break free and begin tearing through Egypt. Hathor gives Bek her bracelet to bring to Zaya so she may have something to offer before entering the afterlife. Hathor is then pulled away by the evil spirits. Anubis takes Bek to Zaya to give her the amulet, but Apep's arrival means the gate to the afterlife is sealed. Bek returns to the mortal world and reunites with Horus, despite feeling betrayed by him. Meanwhile, Set's armor is upgraded with Nephthys' wings, Thoth's brain, Horus's eye, and Ra's spear. He summons Apep toward him. Horus morphs into his falcon form once again and begins to fight Set. They battle across the top of the pyramid, while Bek is cornered by Urshu. After a brief fight, Bek manages to push Urshu over the edge to his death. Bek manages to pry the eye off of Set, getting himself mortally wounded in the process. Bek tosses the eye to Horus, but the god chooses to rescue Bek as he falls over the side of the pyramid. Horus brings Bek to safety and then flies up to continue fighting Set until he manages to weaken his uncle. Horus takes Ra's spear and impales Set, destroying him for good. He flies back to recover Ra and return his spear, allowing him to hold Apep away once again. A little village girl gives Horus his eye back, and the people of Egypt cheer for him freeing them. Horus then goes to Bek, moments before he dies. He brings his body back to his home to lay next to Zaya. Ra appears and thanks Horus, saying he owes him a debt. Horus says he wants what cannot be given. Ra knows what it means, and he uses his power to bring Bek and Zaya back to life. They awaken and kiss. Horus is then properly made king to rule over Egypt, while Thoth and Nephthys are also brought back to life. Horus then takes Hathor's bracelet and decides to go rescue her. He leaves Bek, now Horus's advisor, to make sure Egypt is left in good hands.
tt1860213
Comedy
Jason Kelly (Zac Efron) is at a funeral for his grandmother. He runs into his obnoxious cousin Nick (Adam Pally), who is high on drugs. Jason's grandfather Dick (Robert De Niro) requests that Jason drive him to Florida as a personal favor. Both Jason and his father David (Dermot Mulroney) don't like the idea, but Jason reluctantly agrees to help out his grieving grandpa. Jason's fiancee Meredith (Julianne Hough) is obsessively planning over their wedding and is annoyed that Jason has to leave before their upcoming rehearsal dinner. She makes him take her ugly pink car to drive Dick to Florida. Jason goes to pick Dick up from his house, only to find the man masturbating to porn in his living room. Jason is horrified. The two hit the road and stop at a diner. Jason talks about his job as a lawyer, which he makes sound boring. Dick leaves for a moment, and from a few tables down, a girl named Shadia (Zoey Deutch) spots Jason and recognizes him from a class they had. She approaches him to talk, but Jason is distracted and thinks she's a waitress there to collect the check. She takes his money and runs away with her friends Lenore (Aubrey Plaza) and Bradley (Jeffrey Bowyer-Chapman), but Jason catches her before they drive away. He recognizes Shadia instantly. Dick comes out and pretends to be a college professor, which attracts Lenore, as she really wants to have sex with a professor. Dick and Lenore agree to meet up in Daytona Beach, but Jason and Shadia are against it. Jason takes Dick golfing. Dick spots two women and tries to make his move on them while pretending Jason is his disabled caddy. When Dick isn't looking, Jason tells the women how Dick isn't taking his wife's death well, prompting them to leave. Dick is upset and tells Jason that he wants to take this trip so he can have as much wild and unprotected sex as he can. Annoyed, Jason still agrees to go along with the trip. On the road to Daytona, the two encounter a psychotic drug dealer/store owner named Tan Pam (Jason Mantzoukas). Meredith calls Jason with more wedding stuff and getting frustrated that Jason isn't there to help. Once the guys hit the beach, they run into Lenore, Shadia, and Bradley, along with their two doofus friends Cody (Jake Picking) and Brah (Michael Hudson). The two of them enter a flexing competition. Jason and Dick go up to compete as well, nearly winning until Jason is worried that his antics will go viral and cost him his job. Cody and Brah win by default. Dick takes a t-shirt gun and stuffs it with a water bottle, shooting Cody in the face and breaking his nose. Jason and Dick later go to a party where Lenore and Shadia are. Jason inadvertently ends up smoking crack and doing a naked dance to "Macarena". Outside, Bradley is being harassed by some thugs. Dick beats the crap out of four of them before taking on the leader, Tyrone (Brandon Mychal Smith). Dick makes him apologize to Bradley. Jason wakes up nude and sunburned on the beach with a toy strapped to his crotch, and a swastika of penises drawn on his head. Meredith calls again to bother him as a child approaches Jason to touch the toy. From a distance, the boy's father thinks Jason is molesting his son and he pushes him off as the cops show up. Dick goes to bail Jason out. Jason and Dick visit Dick's old friend Stinky (Danny Glover), who lives in a retirement home. He only has a month to live and just wants to spend it there playing bingo. This makes Jason understand Dick's desire to enjoy whatever time he has left in life. Throughout the rest of their trip, Jason gets closer to Shadia, pretending to be a photographer to get closer to her. This also makes him rethink his relationship with Meredith. Dick says she isn't right for Jason and that he'll be sleepwalking through the rest of his life if he marries her. Meanwhile, Dick ends up hanging out with Lenore, plus Tyrone and his gang after they become friendly. While the group is at a karaoke bar, Cody sneaks by them and stuffs a large bag of weed in Jason's coat and looks at Dick's drivers license. After Dick goes up, Jason and Shadia sing a song together. Later, Cody reveals to Lenore and Shadia that Dick is not a professor, but a former Special Forces operative, a fact that no one in the family knew about. Cody also tells them about Jason's engagement, forcing him to tell the truth to Shadia, who is pissed at him. The cops then show up to arrest Jason for the weed. Dick bails Jason out again and admits that he took the trip not mainly for himself, but for Jason to cut loose and not be so uptight like his dad since Dick was never really there for David. Angry, Jason returns to Atlanta to proceed with the wedding. Jason goes to the rehearsal brunch with Meredith, where they sing the same song that he sang with Shadia. During the slideshow, Dick hacks the slides and puts pictures from the trip, which include Jason naked, making out with an old woman, and getting humped by a dog, along with a picture of Shadia. Jason finally tells Meredith he can't marry her, to which she responds that she slept with Nick while he was away. Jason happily leaves the brunch and runs into Dick outside, who tells him that Shadia is on a bus headed for a cruise. David follows the two and threatens to take Jason's job away from him if he bails on the engagement. David then gets tased by Pam, who joined the guys for some reason. The guys drive their truck to find the bus with Shadia. The bus driver won't pull over because the cops are following them, and he thinks that Pam narced on him on drugs that Pam sold to him. Dick then speeds up and drives toward the bus until they are both forced to stop. Jason runs out and apologizes to Shadia for lying. He decides to join her on her trip since he's now single, jobless, and possibly wanted by the cops. He goes up to her and they kiss. Dick returns home with David and apologizes to him for not being a better father. When Dick goes back to his place, he finds Lenore in there wearing his pants. She still wants to have sex with him despite him not being a professor. The two of them proceed to have sex with Dick using every old person cliche to keep Lenore excited. A little bit after the credits start, we see Jason standing next to Shadia with a baby in his hands at a baptism. The baby is Dick's new son with Lenore, and Jason and Shadia are the boy's godparents. Dick then takes the baby's thumb and uses it to poke Jason's butt.
tt3195644
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
A prequel set before the haunting of the Lambert family. Elise Rainier reluctantly agrees to use her spiritual ability to contact the dead in order to help Quinn Brenner, a teenage girl whose mother Lillith has recently passed. Quinn believes that Lillith has been attempting to reach out to her through the spirit world, so she visits Elise for a reading. Elise is unable to complete the reading, she stops after hearing a demonic presence who threatens to kill her. She warns Quinn that if, "you call out to one of the dead,all of them can hear you." Soon after the reading, Quinn begins to hear noises at night and notices more and more supernatural events occuring. She skips school to audition for a theater academy in New York. Before going onstage, she notices a figure waving to her from the offstage. This throws her audition off, and she stumbles through her lines. Later that night, Quinn meets with her friend Maggie. Maggie complains of her blown audition, and after they have a short conversation, both start feeling better. As they are crossing the street, Quinn sees the same figure waving down the street and stops to look. She is then hit by a car. The car accident leaves Quinn with two broken legs in casts. She is bound to a wheelchair. Her father, Sean, puts her in bed, with a bell to ring if she need him. Later in the night, she hears a knock on her wall. Assuming it is her next door neighbor Hector, she knocks twice. He copies her, and she knocks the "Shave and a Haircut" pattern. He finishes it. Quinn texts Hector, when he reveals that he isn't home. Fearing it was someone else next door, she turns the light off to go to bed. The bell rings itself, scaring her, and her dad comes in. These paranormal occurances become more and more frequent, each time Sean comes in and saves her. The demon is seen more and more frequently: a demonic corpse with a breathing mask, making a deathly rattling noise. Sean finds her thrown from her bed, on an entirely different floor, etc. Eventually, a version of Quinn without a face, hands or feet, is seen following under the demon's command. The odd version of Quinn is found by Sean on the ground outside of a broken window. When Quinn attempts to look over the edge of the window to see, the demon grabs her and tries to pull her down. Sean saves her, but her neck is injured in the process. Sean attempts to get in contact with Elise. She reluctantly comes, but as she enters the spiritual realm she finds herself afraid, and the demon very nearly kills her. She is brought back to living world, terrified, and refuses to continue. Sean has no choice but to call in someone else, a pair of bloggers: Specs and Tucker. Meanwhile, Elise seeks solace from her friend Carl with her same "gift". Carl reassures her that she is much stronger than she believes. After a terrifying experience with Quinn and her demon, the three men admit that there is no doing this without Elise. Elise is now willing to help, this time she is much more powerful and confident. She is easily able to defeat the demon, but as they are escaping, it grabs a hold of Quinn's limbless version. This version of Quinn is revealed to be the half of Quinn's soul that the demon controls. Elise returns to the living world, and tells the group that this part of the battle must be fought by Quinn alone. They all grab ahold of her, but it is shown that she is losing the battle against the demon, as her alternate version gains more of her features. Elise begins to hear a voice in the living world, leading her to Quinn's diary, revealing a letter that Lillith wanted her to see before she graduated. The power from this letter helps guide Lillith to save Quinn and banish the demon, returning her to the living world. Lillith leaves her with some parting words, and the family is finally back together, as Specs and Tucker join Elise to deal with other supernatural disturbances. Elise heads home to find that her husband's spirit has left his sweater on the bed. Overwhelmed with emotion, she holds his sweater close. Her dog then begins barking into the darkness. Elise approaches the area he's barking at, where she discovers the presence of two supernatural entities.
tt3300542
Action,Thriller
The opening scene is set somewhere in Pakistan where terrorist mastermind and financier Aamir Barkawi (Alon Aboutboul) is reportedly responsible for a bombing in Europe. He is throwing a wedding celebration for his daughter at his compound. Barkawi talks with two of his sons about one of them finding a mole, a German agent, in one of their terrorist cells in Lebanon. When he learns that the mole had been killed, he tells his sons to be "absolute" with removing the threat (implying to not only kill the spy but kill the spy's whole family as well). As the celebration is underway, an informant working as one of the waiters leaves a text message to the United States government to Barkawi's location. The military located in Nevada launches a drone strike against it just as the informant leaves. The compound blows up, supposedly killing Barkawi along with his family. Two years later. President Benjamin Asher (Aaron Eckhart) and his top Secret Service agent/best friend Mike Banning (Gerard Butler) are jogging together near the White House in Washington (which is still recovering from the terrorist attack in the previous film). Mike returns home where it is revealed that he is currently expecting his first child with his wife Leah (Radha Mitchell). He is hoping to take some time off to spend time with his family and to finish setting up the nursery. She clearly becomes irritated by the number of security cameras in the room that he has installed. In Yemen, we see Barkawi is still alive (but walking with a limp), and he meets with his son Kamran (Waleed Zuaiter). They begin to set in motion plans for revenge. Back in Washington, Asher and Mike are both informed that the British Prime Minister James Wilson has recently passed away. They, along with Asher's staff, including now Vice President Allan Trumbull (Morgan Freeman) and Secret Service Director Lynne Jacobs (Angela Bassett), travel to London to join all the other world leaders for Wilson's funeral. Believing it to be heavily secured, they are proven wrong when several mercenaries under Barkawi's commands initiate an attack, starting with a bomb destroying the Canadian prime minister's leader's limo. Soon, the mercenaries disguised as royal guards and police officers begin opening fire on civilians and other world leaders. The female German chancellor is killed by two assassins at Buckingham Palace before they are killed. The Japanese prime minister and his driver are killed on a bridge when two suicide bombers blow up both support spans and allowing the bridge to fall into the river. The Italian prime minister is killed with his mistress while standing atop Westminister Abbey. The French president is killed in his boat when another suicide bomber sails a barge containing explosives close to the boat. At St. Paul's Cathedral, Mike takes Asher and Jacobs with him to safety while shooting the mercs in the street. Quickly, the terrorists start to hit London's landmarks, including Big Ben and the Tower Bridge over the River Thames, setting off explosives that kill even more people. Mike, Asher, and Jacobs head into a chopper to safety. However, the terrorists launch Stinger ground-to-air missiles at the choppers, taking out the two security choppers before striking the presidential one. The presidential chopper crash-lands to the ground, resulting in Jacobs being fatally impaled. Before dying, she tells Mike to "make those fuckers pay". Mike and Asher then go on the run, while being chased by more assassins on motorcycles. Back in Washington, the president's staff sits in horror, fearing that their friends are dead. Mike attempts to contact Trumbull and send a message to let them know that he and Asher are still alive. He and the president are forced to venture to an underground station and after killing the terrorists pursing them, walk on foot through one of the abandoned metro tunnels. As Mike and Asher are running through the tunnels, Asher notes that the terrorists want him dead, and if it must come down to it, he orders Mike to kill him. Mike reluctantly agrees. Back in Washington, Trumbull and his staff receives a threatening call from Barkawi to let them know that he is out for revenge for the death of his family. They are informed that Wilson's autopsy report detected poison in his body, meaning he was intentionally murdered with the plan for all the world leaders to come together to be killed off. With the city on lock-down, Mike and Asher run to the home of MI6 agent Jacqueline "Jax" Marshall (Charlotte Riley), whom Mike knows well. Jax gets onto her computer and learns that Barkawi is behind the whole plot. She plays back a message from Trumbull confirming that they received Mike's message and are sending help. On the security cameras, the three see several armed men arrive in what is supposedly the Delta team there to rescue Mike and Asher, until Mike notices that the men are not sweating despite wearing heavy gear. They realize that the terrorists intercepted their message and are there to attack. The terrorists storm in and fire on the three. Mike shoots some of them and manage to kill all of them, with some help from President Asher. Mike and President Asher then take a car and drive through the streets until they are again ambushed by more terrorists, leading to their car being rammed by a truck. Despite being dazed, Mike manages to shoot and kill one of the terrorists who tries to finish him off, but Asher is abducted by the rest of the terrorists who then escape. Asher is taken to a private location where Kamran is setting everything up for him to be publicly executed. He punches Asher several times to make him suffer beforehand. Meanwhile, Mike is already on his way to rescue him with the real Delta team. The terrorists set up the cameras and broadcast it to every network around the world, so it's shown around places like Times Square. Kamran tells Asher to say some final words. Kamran readies his machete to decapitate Asher until Mike bursts in and shoots all but Kamran. He engages in a fistfight with Kamran and lets him know that no matter how many times enemies try to attack America, they'll still be there in a thousand years. Kamran manages to make a run for it. Mike orders the Delta team leader to blow the place up. Mike takes Asher and they jump down a shaft as the place goes up in flames, killing Kamran and the surviving terrorists. The Delta team finds Mike and Asher and reports to the staff that they're alive. Barkawi's compound is located in Yemen. Trumbull calls him to let him know that he's lost. Another drone strike is launched against Barkawi, and this time, he's taken out for good. Mike returns home and is spending time with Leah and their newborn child. He's looking at the letter of resignation to Asher he'd previously written. On TV, Trumbull speaks regarding the recent events, leaving an inspiring message that America will prevail. This convinces Mike to delete the letter.
tt2304933
Action,Adventure,Drama
In the opening scene, Cassie Sullivan (Chloe Grace Moretz) is walking through the woods with a gun in her hands. She comes across an empty store and takes what little supplies she can get her hands on. A voice is heard calling for help. Cassie finds a man hidden in the back. They both have their guns aimed at each other. The man lowers his gun but Cassie won't lower hers because the man is holding something in his hand. She orders him to show what's in his hand, but when he does, a light flashes from it and startles Cassie, prompting her to shoot the man. She sees that he was holding a crucifix, and she is horrified at what she's done. Several months earlier.... Cassie was a regular 15-year-old teenager in high school girl. She lived with her parents Oliver (Ron Livingston) and Lisa (Maggie Siff), and her little brother Sam (Zackary Arthur) in a suburb of Cleveland, Ohio. Her best friend was Lizbeth (Gabriela Lopez) and she had a crush on football player Ben Parish (Nick Robinson). Soon, however, everything changed as a mysterious alien spaceships descended and remained hovering above everyone for a number of days without movement. The humans would come to refer to these visitors as "The Others". The Others unleash the first wave, which is an electromagnetic pulse that wipes out all the power on Earth. Planes fall from the sky and kill countless people. Without a fresh water supply, Cassie and Sam have to gather water from a nearby lake. The second wave brings powerful earthquakes and devastating tsunamis to coastal cities, killing even more people. The third wave has the Others modifying the avian flu, which infects people like Lizbeth and even Lisa. Cassie, Sam, and Oliver bury Lisa in the front yard of their house and say goodbye to her. The three head to a survivors camp. After a few days of residing in the camp, a large cloud of dust forms, and from it emerge military men in vans, led by Colonel Vosch (Liev Schrieber). He says he's there to help them. They gather all the children and send them on a bus to a safe location. Oliver reluctantly lets Cassie and Sam go. Sam forgets his teddy bear, so Cassie runs off the bus to grab it. The buses start driving away before Cassie can make it back. Vosch tells the adults that the fourth wave has begun. The Others have begun to use humans as physical hosts, inciting anger and panic among the adults that demand to know how they can tell who is really an Other. A gunfight breaks out, and nearly every adult is killed, including Oliver. Cassie mourns her father and proceeds to move forward on her own. The kids arrive at Camp Haven, a military training facility. Ben and Sam are among those that are recruited. They are given new nicknames as well - Ben is "Zombie" and Sam is "Nugget". Ben meets Sergeant Reznik (Maria Bello). She injects a tracker in the back of his neck and sits him down in front of a two-way mirror where a boy is hooked up to a chair. Reznik says the boy is really an Other. She shows Ben through a lens that the boy has a green skull, then gives Ben a button to kill the boy. Reznik sees that Ben is wearing his dead sister's necklace, using it as motivation to push Ben to press the button, which he does. Cassie carries a gun that her father gave her before he died. She arrives at the abandoned convenience store in the opening scene and is forced to shoot and kill the wounded man as seen before. Next, Cassie walks through an abandoned freeway littered with many abandoned cars and sees many dead bodies. A shot is fired, hitting Cassie in the leg. More gunfire is heard, and Cassie crawls to safety under one of the cars before she passes out from blood loss. Meanwhile, Ben and the other kids start their training. He befriends another kid named Dumbo (Tony Revolori), and they are presented with a girl called Ringer (Maika Monroe), who is tough and takes crap from no one. She is an excellent shot, and she teaches the kids how to shoot after Ben takes her down during training. Cassie wakes up to find herself in the care of a young man named Evan Walker (Alex Roe). He tends to her gunshot wound. Cassie wants to leave and find Sam, but Evan warns her that it would be dangerous for her to go out there on her own without protection. Cassie discovers that Evan took her gun and hid it. She runs away but sets off one of his traps in the woods. Evan runs back to her and protects her as someone else with a gun is walking through the woods. At Camp Haven, Colonel Vosch brings Ben into the control center and tells him that the fifth wave is already happening. He gives him a helmet that will allow him to detect an Other so that he can easily kill them. Evan teaches Cassie how to defend herself by showing her how to take someone's gun and incapacitate them. She shows him pictures of the people she used to know and love before the invasion. Quickly, Cassie and Evan develop an attraction for each other. The kids are brought to a location where Others have been detected. They spot a number of people with green skulls and fire at them. However, they then see Ringer through their lens and see a green skull. Before anyone can shoot her, Ben stops them. He is spotted with a green skull too. He quickly realizes that Vosch and Reznik lied to them, and that THEY are really Others. The fifth wave is the kids themselves. Since they are easily manipulated, they are being used as pawns to slowly wipe out the rest of the humans. Cassie learns that Evan is not quite human after witnessing him kill someone in the woods. He claims that when the alien ship arrived, a switch went off in him. He says he saved her when she got shot from someone else in the distance. Evan claims that his love for Cassie is making him more human. She runs from him and is rescued by the military. Cassie is taken to Camp Haven and goes through the same process as the other kids, only this time she can immediately spot something suspicious with Reznik. The two of them fight until Cassie knocks Reznik out. Ben confronts Vosch about the truth, to which he confirms that he and the rest of the military personnel are Others, and that they need the Earth for themselves. The base is then infiltrated. Cassie runs into Ben, and is then reunited with Sam. Evan shows up and kisses Cassie one last time before he goes to blow up the facility. The heroes run outside as the place is blown up. Ringer rescues them in a van, and they drive away, while Cassie watches as the place is destroyed, sad for Evan's sacrifice. But Colonel Vosch and the rest of the infected military and child cadets escape in a fleet of helicopters and fix-wing aircraft. The kids then set up their own camp, with some of the other kids like Dumbo joining them. Cassie closes the film by narrating that they haven't lost hope, and that hope is keeping them alive.
tt1860357
Action,Drama,History
The film opens with actual recorded audio of a hearing from Mike Williams' testimony following the real-life aftermath of events that inspired this film. Mike (Mark Wahlberg) wakes up to hear his wife Felicia (Kate Hudson) describe a dream she has in which a large rabbit is mimicking her every move. She believes the rabbit was her mother, whom Mike doesn't seem to have liked. After the two get dressed, they listen to their daughter Sydney's (Stella Allen) presentation on Mike that she is set to do for her class. Sydney talks about her dad working on an oil rig and that he "tames the dinosaurs". She asks her dad to bring her back a dinosaur tooth so she can back that statement up. Andrea Fleytas (Gina Rodriguez) is on her way to work, but her car won't start. She tries to fix it, but the engine craps out on her. Her boyfriend gives her a ride on his motorcycle. Mike and Andrea arrive at a base to be taken to the offshore oil well, Deepwater Horizon. Joining them are a number of men, including Jimmy Harrell (Kurt Russell). The whole crew is brought to the well, just as another team is leaving after they were supposed to be doing a cement log. The main crew isn't happy with the other team's departure. While everyone does their job, one of Mike's co-workers presents him with a real dino tooth to bring home to Sydney. He is extremely thankful. Jimmy meets with the bosses, Donald Vidrine (John Malkovich) and Robert Kaluza (Brad Leland), to discuss the other team leaving before completing the cement log. Jimmy wants to do a negative pressure test on the rig to make sure things are running smoothly. They let him proceed after much back-and-forth. The crew working by the drill perform the test on the drill pipe, resulting in a pressure of 1395. Don then has them do a test from the kill line this time, with significantly safer results. The crew then starts to pump out the mud from the system. A large buildup of mud gathers into the pipe, causing it to burst and push the crew off their feet with the blowback. The technicians manage to stop the mud from spewing. However, moments later, the earth shakes and another burst of mud spews through the hole. Methane gasses begin to rise and add pressure until the pipe can't take it anymore, and the result is a powerful explosion that sets fire to the whole rig. Jimmy is injured while taking a shower, and Mike gets knocked backwards after talking to Felicia on Skype. The drill crew work frantically to try and contain the situation, but some of the men are killed from the explosion. Mike works with one technician, Caleb Holloway (Dylan O'Brien), in getting the men out of the rig and onto a lifeboat. Off the rig, Andrea tries to call a mayday, but she is reprimanded for her actions without authorization. The coast guard is alerted to the situation, while Felicia learns about the fire, and she begins to worry for her husband's life. Mike finds Jimmy severely injured with a beat-up eye and a bad foot after a huge shard of glass got stuck in it. Mike carries him upwards to safety, but the lifeboat is full and has taken off without them. Luckily, the coast guard has arrived and has started taking the remaining crew members with them, but another explosion prevents Mike and Andrea from making it with them. They have to climb to a higher level amid the flames in order to jump and make it safely to the boat. Andrea is too terrified to make the jump, even as Mike tries to get her to go. With no choice, he grabs Andrea and pushes her off the rig with her life jacket on. Mike jumps afterwards as well. The two are pulled to safety. The crew is then taken away as the rig continues to burn and sink. The survivors are given medical treatment. Mike is swarmed by reporters outside a hotel, and he is shoved against a wall by a distressed man asking him if his son got off the rig. Mike goes up to his room and breaks down as he tries to take a shower. Felicia and Sydney enter the room to hold him tight. Mike gives Sydney the tooth. Afterwards, Mike and his family leave as he watches Andrea and Caleb reunite with their loved ones, while Jimmy walks in on crutches. Mike and Felicia hug him too. We see actual footage of Mike Williams, Andrea Fleytas, and James Harrell giving testimonies in the aftermath of the disaster. Williams never returned to sea and lives in Texas with his family. Fleytas lives in California and no longer works in the oil industry. Harrell continues to work for Transocean. Donald Vidrine and Robert Kaluza were indicted on manslaughter charges, but they were later settled. The resulting oil spill lasted 87 days and spilled over 210 million gallons into the Gulf of Mexico, making it the worst oil disaster in history. 11 crew members were reported dead, and the film concludes by paying tribute to those men.
tt3874544
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
Seven-year-old Tim Templeton (voice of Miles Bakshi) has an active imagination. He has all the love in the world from his parents Ted and Janice (voices of Jimmy Kimmel and Lisa Kudrow), who play with him in all of his adventures. Ted and Janice work at PuppyCo in the marketing department, which Tim thinks is a cool job. As Tim's adult self (voice of Tobey Maguire) narrates, things became different when Tim's parents asked him how he would feel about having a little brother. Young Tim tells them he is enough, unaware that his mother is pregnant. Within the foundations of BabyCorp, numerous babies are being born (never quite explained how) and are being processed through a conveyor belt. One small baby in particular goes through the motions, getting a fresh diaper and a pacifier. The tickle machine determines where babies are placed. If they laugh, they are sent to families. If they don't react, they are sent to management. The baby boy is pushed into management and is given his own suit, watch, and briefcase before being assigned to his cubicle. Tim anxiously looks out the window to see his parents returning in a taxi with their new baby. It's the same baby from before, The Boss Baby (voice of Alec Baldwin), strutting up to the front door with his briefcase, to Tim's bewilderment. From the moment he enters the house, Boss Baby begins to command the household. Ted and Janice are so busy trying to please Boss Baby that Tim starts to feel shut out. However, Tim seems to be the only one that finds something suspicious about Boss Baby, with his suit and briefcase standing out. Tim sneaks into Boss Baby's room that night and hears him speaking with the voice of a grown man on the phone. He appears to be conspiring with someone until Tim catches him and forces Boss Baby to admit that he can talk. Although Tim thinks he's got something on him, Boss Baby is unfazed and pulls out a file on Tim, stating he knows things like how Tim's middle name is Leslie. Boss Baby warns Tim that if he doesn't shape up, his parents can "fire" him. Tim sets out to prove that Boss Baby is up to no good. He spies on Boss Baby as he has a playdate with other baby associates - Jimbo (voice of David Soren), Staci (voice of ViviAnn Yee), and the Triplets (voice of Eric Bell, Jr.). Boss Baby gives a presentation about BabyCorp's enemy, PuppyCo. The CEO, Francis Francis (voice of Steve Buscemi), is set to unveil their newest puppy, which could spell trouble for babies everywhere. The other babies start to get anxious when Boss Baby starts to ask what they learned from the presentation. They put on their baby act for the parents when they come around. Tim has a tape of the babies' conversation, but the babies catch him and set off to get the tape. This leads to Tim having to evade the babies in the backyard as he tries to show the tape to his parents. Boss Baby rides a small car to get Tim while the other babies go after him. Tim traps Staci in the sandbox while Jimbo rides through a fence, and the Triplets are also stopped. Tim runs back into the house, just as the adults are walking outside to see their kids in a chaotic scene. Tim runs to his parents' office and finds Boss Baby sitting in their chair. He demands the tape or else he will harm Tim's favorite stuffed doll, Lamb-Lamb. They fight for it, and they accidentally rip Lamb-Lamb's head off. Tim gets angry and grabs Boss Baby, putting him in his walker and threatening to launch him out the window. Ted and Janice walk in and see this, causing Tim to launch the tape into the street instead. Since they think he's trying to harm his brother, Tim's parents ground him. Boss Baby goes into Tim's room as he is crying. He decides to finally explain his situation to the boy. Boss Baby gives Tim one of his pacifiers and tells him to suck on it until he finds the answers he's looking for. The two are then teleported to BabyCorp as projections, watching how everything works. Boss Baby explains how he got into management and how there have been many other great Boss Babies before him. His own boss, Big Boss Baby (voice of Edie Mirman), runs her department with an iron fist. Boss Baby aspires to be like the most famous baby, Super Colossal Big Fat Boss Baby, so he can get the dream promotion with his own office and personal potty. He also explains how the babies stay babies, which is by drinking a special formula that stops them from aging. When Big Boss Baby is seen demanding results from Boss Baby, he panics and snaps himself and Tim back to reality. He explains that if he doesn't succeed in his mission to bring down PuppyCo, he will get fired and be forced to live with the Templetons forever. Tim then agrees to help Boss Baby, but only so he can leave. The boys then try to pretend for their parents that they love each other and are playing together, while also working together to find info on the new puppy. Ted and Janice later invite the boys to "Bring Your Kid To Work Day" at PuppyCo. Once there, Ted and Janice invite Tim to spend time with them while they leave Boss Baby in the puppy pit. Tim thinks about it but decides to stay with Boss Baby so they can look for the new puppy. Tim has Boss Baby dress up as a puppy to get past security. They go into a room and find a file on the new puppy, but they must replace it with another file. It works until Boss Baby gets drool on the replacement, setting off a trap. The puppy file then turns out to be a fake. The boys are caught by Eugene (voice of Conrad Vernon), a man dressed as PuppyCo's mascot. Eugene brings the boys to meet Francis. He reveals to them that he is Super Colossal Big Fat Boss Baby, now all grown up. As a baby, he got the promotion he wanted and was at the top of his game. But because he is lactose intolerant, the formula stopped working for him, and he was booted out of BabyCorp. Now, he plots revenge against them by creating the Forever Puppy, which will stay a cute puppy for all time, stealing all the love away from babies. The only thing Francis needs is some formula for the puppy to be created, which Eugene takes out of Tim's backpack. He then sends the boys away. Ted and Janice leave the boys with Eugene (disguised as a housekeeper) while they go with Francis to Las Vegas to unveil the Forever Puppy. Without the formula, Boss Baby starts acting like a real baby. Tim and Boss Baby come up with a plan to escape Eugene by faking Boss Baby being sick and spewing fake vomit all over Eugene. The boys then ride away on Tim's bike, while Eugene chases them on a wagon. Boss Baby calls Staci and has her round up Jimbo and the Triplets to help the boys. Together, they get Tim and Boss Baby to the airport while stopping Eugene. Unfortunately, the plane for Vegas takes off before the boys can stop their parents. They then argue with both throwing the blame on one another, with Tim blaming Boss Baby for being a normal baby at the worst moment, while Boss Baby argues that they would have gotten there faster if Tim could ride a bike without training wheels. Tim tells him he knows nothing about having a real family, leading to Boss Baby ditching Tim and leaving him alone at the airport. Hours later, Boss Baby calls Tim on a phone right next to him. They reconcile and resolve to work together to get to Vegas themselves since they now know they need each other. The boys follow Elvis impersonators for a convention to Vegas, unaware that Eugene is following them as well. On the plane ride to Vegas, Tim pretends that he and Boss Baby are the captain's kids to get special perks. He shows Boss Baby how to have fun by engaging in a playtime scenario where they are pirates hijacking a ship. Boss Baby really gets into it and has actual fun for the first time in his life. The boys make it to Vegas and arrive at the convention center for the unveiling. Francis reveals the Forever Puppy to the public with Ted and Janice helping him. When the boys reveal themselves, Francis locks Ted and Janice inside a giant heart and wheels them away. Eugene tries to get the boys as they run after Francis, who is set to literally launch the Forever Puppies with a rocket. Eugene runs through a set of tubes to get to the boys, but they outsmart him and cause him to fall into a giant litter box to get scratched up by cats. The boys catch up to Francis, who tries to throw them over the ledge. Tim and Boss Baby re-enact their pirate game and throw Francis into a vat of formula. They rush to save their parents and get the puppies out of the rocket. Boss Baby then becomes a normal baby and is stuck up on the rocket until Tim sings Paul McCartney's "Blackbird" too get the baby down. Tim then protects his brother as the empty rocket launches. Tim runs to the formula vat and gives Boss Baby some of it to bring him back to normal. Francis then emerges from the vat, now reverted back to Super Colossal Big Fat Boss Baby. He threatens the boys until Eugene picks him up and gives him a pacifier. Eugene tells the boys that he will raise Francis the right way this time. The boys go home, and Boss Baby is able to leave to get his promotion. The other babies from BabyCorp wipe Ted and Janice's memories of the baby and remove any evidence that he was there, but Tim chooses not to forget him. Boss Baby returns to work as a hero and he gets his promotion like he wanted. However, both boys miss one another and don't feel happy even though they got what they wanted. Tim writes a letter to Boss Baby and sends him some of his toys. Boss Baby gets excited and he runs into the main room to play with the computer and basically quit. He goes through the conveyor belt and has himself sent down the "family" chute. Sometime later, Boss Baby returns to the family as a normal baby, now named Theodore Lindsay Templeton. Tim is excited to see him, as the baby appears to remember him. He runs up and grabs his new baby brother. The two then go on to have many adventures. We jump to the future with Adult Tim having been telling the whole story to his daughter, who is about to meet her own baby sister. With them is Adult Ted, still having a nice brotherly bond with Tim. Tim's daughter looks in the delivery room and sees her baby sister. To her surprise, the baby rises from her bed and is wearing a suit.
tt2567026
Adventure,Family,Fantasy
This sequel to the 2010 film, Alice in Wonderland, opens with Alice Kingsleigh (Mia Wasikowska) sailing the Straits of Malacca with her crew on her father's ship, The Wonder. They are under attack by pirates, so Alice tries to steer the ship away from them. The winds blow the ship toward the ocean, but Alice manages to bring it back up before it hits a huge rock. Three years later. Alice returns to London and reunites with her mother (Lindsey Duncan). She informs Alice that Hamish Ascot (Leo Bill), the man that Alice rejected in the previous film, has taken over his father's company, as well as Alice's share of it, along with her mother's house. Alice claims this is payback for the rejection, though Hamish denies it (even though it's obvious). He says he will give Alice back the bond to her mother's house if she signs over her father's ship. Alice and her mother argue over the matter, and Alice retreats into another room. There, she sees Absolem (voice of Alan Rickman - his final performance), who is now a blue butterfly. He tells Alice she has been away for too long. Absolem flies toward a mirror and goes through it. Alice follows. Alice ends up walking through the other side of the mirror where she is now tiny in a huge room, back in Wonderland (or "Underland"). She comes across a large chessboard where the pieces are alive and they frighten her, causing her to accidentally knock over Humpty Dumpty (Wally Wingert). The king's horses and men rush to put him back together. Alice then proceeds further into Wonderland where she reunites with Mirana The White Queen (Anne Hathaway), Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum (voice of Matt Lucas), The White Rabbit (voice of Michael Sheen), The Cheshire Cat (voice of Stephen Fry), Bayard the bloodhound (voice of Timothy Spall), Mallymkun the dormouse (voice of Barbara Windsor), The March Hare (voice of Paul Whitehouse), and the Bandersnatch. They're all in the middle of (what else) a tea party, when they inform Alice that Tarrant Hightopp/The Mad Hatter (Johnny Depp) has not been himself lately, and they believe Alice will be able to help him. Alice runs to the Hatter's home. He is elated to see her again, and he explains that he recently came across a small blue feather top hat that he made as a child. It has him perplexed because it would mean his family is still alive, having believed them to have perished on Horunvendush Day when the Jabberwocky attacked. The Hatter believes Alice can help bring them back, but she claims it is impossible (despite her feelings toward that word). Displeased, the Hatter turns dark and says this is not the Alice he knew. Mirana tells Alice that if she wants to save the Hatter's family, she must speak to Time (Sacha Baron Cohen) and use the Chronosphere, a powerful device that travels through time that only Alice can use since she is not originally part of Wonderland. She guides Alice to Time's castle, which is located inside a grandfather clock. Alice sneaks into the castle and sees Time go into a room full of pocketwatches. Time pulls off the watch of one man, saying his time is up. Time spots Alice, who asks him to help her save her friend's family, but Time says the past cannot be changed. Moments later, Iracebeth The Red Queen (Helena Bonham Carter), arrives, as she is Time's sort-of girlfriend. He gives her a gift of a man getting his head chopped off. She tosses it to the side. Alice sees this as a chance to steal the Chronosphere. Time and Iracebeth witness Alice getting away. The Chronosphere activates, and it works like a ship. Alice takes it through an ocean of time and tries to find Horunvendush Day to prevent the Hatter's family from dying. She is momentarily frightened by the Jabberwocky's appearance breathing fire, so she ends up arriving much earlier on the day of what was supposed to be Iracebeth's coronation. The Hatter is there with his whole family. Iracebeth is ready to be crowned, but the crown won't fit on her swollen head. The crown breaks, and the Hatter leads everyone in a big laugh, infuriating Iracebeth. After she throws a fit, her father (Richard Armitage) declares that she is unfit to rule the kingdom, so he names Mirana as the new queen. Iracebeth storms off tearfully and swears vengeance against the Hightopp family. The Hatter's father Zanik (Rhys Ifans) chastises his son for his behavior, making it sound like he is disappointed in his son. Time, who has been going after Alice, ends up in the same period and comes across the Hatter and his friends during a tea party. Time asks for Alice, but the Hatter keeps him waiting for her by saying he invited her to the tea party. The Hatter and his friends then start making a bunch of corny time-based puns. Time eventually gets sick of it and leaves, putting everyone stuck in one minute before Tea Time. Alice goes to try and speak to Mirana and her parents, inadvertently learning about another incident from long ago that led to Iracebeth's behavior. Alice uses the Chronosphere to travel to this time in the hopes that she can prevent Horunvendush Day from happening at all. This brings Alice to the childhood of the sisters and most of her other friends. Alice meets the young Tarrant (Louis Ashborne Serkis), who brings Alice to his home. He introduces her to his father and says he wants to make Alice a hat. Tarrant shows his father the blue feather hat from earlier, which Zanik takes and accidentally rips. Zanik throws it away, and Tarrant runs away crying. What he never knew was that Zanik recovered the hat and kept it. Alice then finds the sisters as children. Their mother (Hattie Morahan) was making tarts, and the young Iracebeth (Leilah de Meza) had been eating most of them. After their mother sent them away, Mirana (Amelia Crouch) snuck one off and dropped some crumbs, which she kicked under Iracebeth's bed. When their mother found out, she spotted the crumbs by the bed and questioned Iracebeth. She told her sister to tell the truth, but Mirana says she didn't eat them. Iracebeth ran into the street, and almost ran into a grandfather clock. Alice sees this and tries to stop her, but Iracebeth is distracted by Alice pushing the clock away, causing the girl to slip and hit her head on a fountain, resulting in her head swelling up. Alice then realizes what Time meant by saying the past cannot be changed. Time catches up to Alice and shows her what damage she has done to him by taking the Chronosphere. He warns her that she has put Wonderland in danger. Alice then escapes into a mirror that takes her back to her world. Alice wakes up in a mental hospital with her mother. Dr. Bennett (Andrew Scott) diagnoses her with 'female hysteria'. He attempts to sedate her forcefully, but Alice manages to get the needle away from him and stick him with it. Alice's mother and the orderlies see her trying to escape, and her mother tells her to run. Alice makes it to another magic mirror and runs through it with the Chronosphere. Alice arrives on Horunvendush Day as the Jabberwocky is attacking. She spots the Hightopps running for it, but they are apprehended by Iracebeth's guards, proving that they are indeed alive in the present. Alice returns to the present and runs to the Hatter's home, only to find all their friends gathered in his room, weeping. The Hatter is in his bed, just inches away from death, pale and colorless. Alice goes to him and says she finally believes him and says she is sorry. The Hatter opens his eyes, and he hugs Alice. She tells him that Iracebeth is keeping them prisoner, and the color in his hair returns as he decides to spring into action. Alice, the Hatter, and all their friends ride to Iracebeth's castle. The Hightopps are nowhere to be found, leaving the Hatter in despair once again. Suddenly, he and Alice spot Iracebeth's ant farm, which has a top hat forming in it. The Hightopps are in there, shrunken to a tiny size, but the Hatter is happy to see them again. Iracebeth and Time find them too, but she turns on Time and steals the Chronosphere for herself and brings Mirana with her. The now weakened Time tells Alice to stop Iracebeth before time is no more. Alice has Time taken back to his castle while she goes after Iracebeth. Iracebeth takes Mirana to the night where she lied about the tart so that she can tell the truth. When the same event happens, Iracebeth kicks the door open and screams, causing her younger self to see her and making time begin to freeze in Wonderland. Alice manages to get the Chronosphere back and race to the present. She rushes through Time's castle as everyone starts to freeze up. Alice reaches the room of the Chronosphere and nearly makes it before she gets frozen too. Somehow, a spark from the Chronosphere makes it out and pulls itself toward its holding place, restoring everything to order. Iracebeth still thinks nobody loves her, but Mirana says she does, and she apologizes for lying. The two of them reconcile. They then give the Hatter the "eat me" cake to give to the Hightopps so they may grow back to normal size. The Hatter tells his father that he makes hats, and Zanik says he always believed in his son. Alice must then say goodbye to the Hatter and her friends once again as the mirror reappears, and she must go home. In the real world, Alice's mother is ready to sign over the ship until Alice shows up. She says it's okay if she sells the ship if her mother can keep her house. Her mother then tears up Hamish's contract in his face, leaving him humiliated in front of his family yet again. The film concludes with Alice and her mother going into business and preparing to sail the world together.
tt1712261
Crime,Thriller
Atlanta, Georgia. The opening scene shows a parked car in the dead of night. Michael Atwood (Chiwetel Ejiofor) and Russell Welch (Norman Reedus) are smoking, and talking about their next job. In the backseat, Russell's brother Gabe (Aaron Paul) listens stoically. The three men meet up with Marcus Belmont (Anthony Mackie) and Franco Rodriguez (Clifton Collins Jr.). Marcus and Franco are two corrupt cops who are part of Michael's crew. They discuss the logistics of the bank heist they are about to partake in, noting they will have about three minutes before police units are on them. As they leave to go their separate ways, Franco asks Marcus if he is worried about the job. Marcus tells him 'no'. 2 WEEKS LATER Marcus and Franco are in the back of a van Russell is driving with the rest of the crew. They check their guns and get their masks on. Meanwhile, Irina Vlasov (Kate Winslet) is getting a pedicure with her younger sister, Elena (Gal Gadot). Elena's son, Felix, sits with them, and Irina is reading him a story. Irina gets a phone call and she answers it. Irina meets two of her men who open a trunk of a car. Inside are a man and woman. They have been beaten, tortured, and duct taped up. One of Irina's men shows her a plastic bag, filled with their teeth. It is apparent that Irina is a Russian crime boss and this couple has done something awful enough in her eyes to merit this response. The henchmen throw the teeth in with the couple and shut the trunk of the car. We see a police officer, Chris Allen (Casey Affleck) wake up and get ready to go to work. He spends time with his wife Michelle (Teresa Palmer) and their son before heading off. Russell parks the van near their target, the First City Bank. Michael, Franco, Gabe, and Marcus enter with masks and guns drawn, incapacitating the security guards and ordering everyone to get down. Gabe sees the bank manager making a run for it and chases him down. The group shows him a series of photos involving his home, and his family, to make him do what they want. Russell listens to police scanners outside in the van. He hears the robbery call and tells Michael they have 2.5 minutes before the cops come. Michael and the others go down to the vault, where they force the manager to open a specific safety deposit box. As he does that, Gabe notices a pile of cash just sitting out. He grabs a good amount of it, before taking the box from Michael. Michael locks the manager in the vault and throws him the key to release himself. The group exits the bank, but not before Michael leaves 2 primed flashbangs on the door to keep anyone from following them. As they exit, circumstances prevent them from leaving in the van, so Gabe steals a minivan for their getaway vehicle. The group drives off while Russell navigates for them by listening to the scanner. However, in their escape, a dye pack explodes inside the bag. The money Gabe took was rigged. The van fills with blinding red smoke and paint which makes it hard for Michael to drive. Gabe tries to open a door to make the smoke dissipate, but it only causes them to clip another vehicle. With cops not far behind, Michael and the crew get out, searching for a new car, while Russell can only sit and watch. Franco lays down suppressive fire on the police and the crowd, while Michael finds an SUV to steal. Russell finally tells Franco to stop shooting (after noticing he wounded a woman in the process) and the four escape in their new car. Meanwhile, Russell turns his van around and gets away from the cops, who have no idea he was involved. Michael, Marcus, Gabe, and Franco head to a secluded area to dump the car. Marcus and Franco explode on Gabe, saying he was so stupid for taking that money. As cops, they know banks just leave money like that out in case of bank heists to trick stupid criminals. Gabe says he's sorry, but they would have congratulated him if nothing had been wrong. Franco almost comes to blows with him, but Michael tells him to stand down. He tells them he will go see Irina and he will contact them within three days. Michael shoots the gas tank of the SUV then throws a flashbang on the gas puddle. As they drive away, the flashbang ignites the gas, torching the SUV. Russell meets up with his brother, cautioning him not to be stupid with easy money and to be wary of Franco and Marcus, because they will not hesitate to hurt him if he continues to mess up. Michael and Russell may have a code between them, but the two cops are different. Gabe says he understands. Later, Russell speaks with Michael about Gabe. He apologizes on Gabe's behalf, saying part of Gabe's problem is he has apparently relapsed after being clean 6 months. Russell says Gabe was a good cop. Michael takes the apology in stride, realizing Russell is doing the best he can for Gabe. We're family, Michael says. We see the Kosher meatpacking plant where Irina has her legitimate businesses to hide her criminal ones. We see the same henchman who had the tortured couple. They have now wrapped them in plastic, still alive, in a meat packing truck. He closes the door and the truck drives off, taking them off for further torture before being murdered. Sergeant Detective Jeffery Allen (Woody Harrelson) goes to bank Michael and his crew robbed. He meets the manager and mockingly asks if it was his first time being robbed. When the man says he had no choice as they had pictures of his family, Jeffery tells him he has to be careful with what he posts on social media, as criminals use that all the time to fish for bait to make people like him comply. Jeffery learns that the crew went directly for one safety box owned by a Dimitri Petkov, though they don't know much else. Chris goes into the station for his first day of work. The commanding officer notes he has transferred in from the 02, which apparently is a lower key department. The commanding officer then partners Chris with Marcus, which Marcus objects to. They head out on patrol. In his apartment, Michael goes into a drawer full of burner phones and calls Franco, and tells him they will see each other in two days. He then cooks the SIM card in the microwave. Michael meets Irina at the plant, getting patted down by her henchmen and getting his gun taken away temporarily. He gives Irina the box and gets to spend time with his son, who is revealed to be Felix. As he walks with his son, Irina talks business. Michael expects to be paid for their work, but Irina reveals that there is a 2nd necessary job. Michael balks, saying that is not the deal, and tells her to pay them. Irina stonewalls and puts pressure on Michael, reminding him how much sway she has over his son. It is clear that Michael is doing most of these heists only because Irina dangles his son in front of him like bait. As Irina tells him what they need doing, Michael notices a room full of federal agents and is freaked out. Irina calls her husband, who is imprisoned in a Russian jail. He tells her Michael refusing to do the job is unacceptable as it necessary to have the blackmail needed to be released from prison. He recommends to Irina that she hurt Michael. Russell gets a call from Michael saying they have to all meet right away. Russell says he will be right there, hanging up. As he gets into his car, a man hiding inside suffocates him with a plastic bag. It is one of Irina's thugs, sent to give a message. Michael, Franco, Gabe, and Marcus meet up. Michael asks Gabe where his brother is, but Gabe says he doesn't know. Suddenly, they see Russell's car and think all is well. However, when it crashes into the wall, and they hear another car peel away, they know something is horribly wrong. The four go over to the car, and see Russell with a bag over his head, and covered in copious wounds. Michael pulls the bag off his head to see he is still breathing but barely. Marcus is forced to hold Gabe back, while Michael looks Russell over. Michael realizes they cannot save Russell and tells him "I'm going to take care of you". Michael puts the bag back over Russell's head (to catch the blood) and after a moments hesitation, shoots him in the head to end his suffering. Gabe is understandably devastated by the death of his brother. Irina is at home, when her phone rings. She doesn't answer it, because she knows it is Michael calling. She knows he knows she had Russell killed. Elena gives her the phone as it rings out, telling her sister, He's not calling me knowing enough about her sister to know she has done something that has angered the father of her child. She then tells Irina she is going out for the night. Franco, Michael, Gabe, and Marcus discuss how they can get Irina's job done. Michael mentions that the feds are in bed with Irina and that makes their job even more complex. The next day, Marcus and Chris are on patrol, when they get called onto a murder scene. Though they cannot confirm it, MS-13 members murdered three men and put their severed heads on a car with a warning written on the windshield in blood. Franco is also at the scene and thinks Chris is a rookie which he immediately counters by knowing fluent Spanish and guesses that the men were killed for talking too freely with gang information. Chris goes over to MS-13 members, trying to gain information and catches the ire of one, Luis Pinto (Luis De Silva Jr.). When Pinto makes a crass remark about Chris's wife and makes a move on him, Chris immediately arrests him, to the anger of Marcus. Marcus pulls Chris aside and tells him they have to talk. Marcus takes Chris inside a convenience store and tells the clerk to take a smoke break while they talk in private. Marcus explodes on Chris, asking what he was thinking. Chris tells him that the man insulted him, tried to assault him, and was impeding his investigation. Marcus tells him the rules are different and he can't act like he just did. The man he just arrested was a MS-13 Lieutenant. "He was a Lieutenant?" Chris asks mockingly. Then I'll go outside and apologize to him. Marcus tells him because of what he did no one will talk to them now. Franco, Michael, Gabe, and Marcus are drinking in an abandoned strip club, mourning Russell's death. They discuss the job that Irina wants done; a heist at the Department of Homeland Security. Franco says it is impossible as they would need 10 minutes if not more to get it done. Marcus suggests they manufacture a Code 999. When Michael asks what it means, Franco explains that a 999 means an Officer is down. Every cop in the city will go to that call, giving them all the cover they need. Michael is intrigued and tells Franco and Michael to make the 999 happen. He then tells Franco he is off to bury Russell, and stirs the drunk, depressed Gabe to bury his brother. Marcus is hesitant on killing another officer, but Franco could care less if it gets him paid. "I don't have a problem killing a cop. I'll kill a cop like...." Franco says while snapping his fingers. Chris is out drinking with his uncle Jeffery. He tells Jeffery he genuinely wants to make a difference. Jeffery tells him that his only concern is getting home safe every night to his wife and son. Jeffery tells his nephew that he promised his late mother that he would always look out for him and he will do everything to live up to that promise. Michael is at home when he hears a knock at the door. It is Felix with Elena, for one of his allowed scheduled visits. Michael tells her she's late, and makes it clear he is displeased with Irina. As Felix sits in the kitchen, Elena heads into the bedroom, telling him she only has an hour before she has to leave, obviously allowing him to have sex with her. The next day, Michael drops his son off at Irina's. One of the henchmen wants to frisk him, so he tells Felix to go find his mother. Michael looks at the man and notes You are not doing that in front of my son. When his son is out of the way, Michael lets himself be frisked. Going inside, he explodes on Irina, telling her they were going to do the job, and is pissed that she murdered Russell. "Stay the fuck away from my crew!" he barks. Irina takes the threat with ease, reminding Michael who really holds the cards. It's her, because she has his son. Jeffery has put together a task force to investigate the robberies. They show him footage of the highway shootout and realizes that the crew has police and special forces training, intriguing him. Chris is at home late at night, watching Marine videos when his wife comes in. Michelle tells him to stop feeling sorry for himself. He wanted to get away from the wars, and be a cop. She tells him to perk up and come to bed. The remaining crew meets up. Marcus tells Michael he has the perfect target for the 999 ruse; his new partner Chris. When Jeffery Allen hears that his nephew has been shot, they will have all the time they need. Gabe is stoic; it is clear he is wary of doing this. Later, Gabe is driven home by Michael. He voices his displeasure of murdering an innocent police officer that hasn't done anything wrong. He tells Michael that Russell would have found another way to make the plan happen. "Don't do this, Mike", Gabe begs. Michael asks Gabe if he has a better idea. He then explodes on Gabe, calling him a mess and shoving him out of the car. However, it is clear that his treatment of Gabe has less to do with Gabe and his problems, but rather the pressure Michael is under. Though Michael doesn't want to kill a cop, Irina holds his kid hostage. Hell do whatever is necessary to be with his son, even if doing what he plans will cost him more of his soul. The next day, Marcus and Chris head into known gang territory. While Marcus goes to talk to some gang members, Chris is accosted by two kids who have fallen under the sway of the gang lifestyle. He asks them if they know where the MS hand signals come from and quickly schools them on their ignorance. He tells them they need to be in school. Jeffery meets with one of his sources Sweet Pea (Michael Kenneth Williams). For a bribe of $5,000, Sweet Pea tells him about a junkie prostitute she knows. Apparently this girl was high on drugs talking about how her man had just committed a bank robbery. The man in question is Gabe. Jeffery is intrigued. The next day, Chris and Marcus, along with a lot of backup, are doing surveillance on a suspect of the severed head murders, his street name Termite. They watch him and his girl pretend that a parcel of dope is a child in a baby carriage, and they place it in the girlfriend's car as she drives off. Chris, carrying a shield for a four man crew, makes his way over to Termite's apartment. However, Termite sees them, and begins shooting out of his window with a MAC-11 sub-machine gun. Chris and the officers return fire then head up the stairs. They break the door down and search room to room for the man. They eventually come to a room, where Termite's infant son is laying on a bed with Termite apparently behind a closet door. They call out to him, asking to stop before he puts his son in any more danger. They open the closet door to reveal it goes into another room, full of weapons and drugs. They go down another flight of stairs and realize Termite has escaped his apartment. Chris gives pursuit. As he moves around the apartment block, several MS-13 members fire on the officers, including Pinto and Termite who was hiding in a car. Chris returns fire but gets shot while Termite gets away. Marcus checks on Chris but he is fine since his vest caught it. He tells him to go. Marcus goes after Termite. Chris soon follows behind him, following a blood trail. He finds Marcus and Termite in a death struggle, fighting each other and the control of a gun. Once Chris gets his opening, he shoots Termite in the head, saving Marcus. Marcus, in anger, shoots Termite two more times. Termite's death sets off a mini-riot, leading to several arrests of MS-13. Chris is tended to by paramedics. Marcus and Chris give statements to the higher ups. Chris goes home and kisses his wife, happy to be alive for another day. Chris and Marcus go drinking later. Marcus admits he doesn't remember a single shot taken that day. Chris says that is normal as flight or flight response kicks in and the moment is lost in the adrenaline. Michael is at a fancy restaurant with Irina, expecting to see Elena and Felix. Irina tells him they won't be coming and dials a number as Michael loses it. She hands the phone to him and Elena answers, and after a brief conversation with his son, learns they went on an impromptu trip to the beaches of Tel Aviv. Irina planned this, to once again show Michael who owns him. She gives him information about the Department of Homeland Security building, what he is to steal, and notes he has a 24 hour window. How he does is directly correlated to how long Felix will be away on vacation. We see Gabe do drugs with his junkie girlfriend, further relapsing after his brother's death. Chris and Marcus are at a strip club with some fellow officers when Marcus spots Gabe. He quickly pulls Gabe out of the building, asking if he is being stupid given any cop in there could recognize him. Gabe once again voices his objection to killing a cop, especially an innocent one. Marcus responds by punching Gabe and pushes him down some stairs. Chris comes out to check out on Marcus. Gabe sees Chris. "Is this him?" he asks Marcus. Marcus pulls him up and tells him to get out of there, NOW. Chris asks what is going on. Marcus claims Gabe is a druggie snitch he used to know. Jeffery begins to tail Gabe and his girlfriend. One of his fellow officers, Trina Ling (Michelle Ang) tells him that Gabe is actually an ex-cop who had a few marks on his record who was finally kicked off the force due to a suspicious shooting. Jeffery entraps Gabe's girlfriend in a drug bust. Sitting a car with her, he does some of her drugs and then tells her This can go down one of two ways for you obviously wanting information on Gabe. Gabe is being tailed by Trina, only for him to stop outside of Chris's house. She calls Jeffery about where Gabe is at and immediately calls for backup. Hearing sirens, Gabe hops over a fence and escapes before police arrive. When Jeffery arrives, Chris asks what is wrong. Jeffery doesn't tell him much. Realizing something is up, Jeffery presses his task force for answers. He learns of Michael, who worked with Russell as Private Military Contractors for Blackwater. Russell almost got charged with arms dealing but Michael was able to make the charges go away. Jeffery realizes that the three of them ran in the same crew, but there are still two of them out there, possibly cops. Jeffery also learns of their connection to Irina, a known Russian mobster whose husband is so dangerous, he was jailed in prison in Russia by Putin without charges. Franco calls Michael and tells him Gabe is under surveillance and he soon might be too. Franco tells him Gabe is a liability. "I'm not asking you. I'm telling you to do something about Gabe", Franco says. Gabe is hiding out in a hotel when he gets a picture on his phone of his girlfriend tied up. He calls the phone to have Michael pick up and threaten her life if Gabe does not disappear immediately. Gabe promises to leave town, and pleads with Michael to let her go. Michael hangs up, leaving Gabe despondent. Though it appears he was convinced and Michael apparently spares the girl. The next day, Jeffery learns from Trina and others that Gabe has disappeared, Michael hasn't been at his apartment in days, and that the courts denied their warrant for surveillance against Irina. Jeffery unloads on his fellow officers telling them they better give him something soon. Michael, Franco, and Marcus meet up. Franco asks if Marcus is ready to do what needs to be done. On patrol, Chris and Marcus drive. Chris notices that Marcus is nervous and has his gun out resting on his legs. Chris asks if he is okay, and Marcus says he is. They drive out to the Public Housing projects, ostensibly to meet with an informant. The place is abandoned and falling apart, with no lights. They both go in, but when Chris looks one way, Marcus disappears from view. Chris calls for him but gets no answer. At the DHS facility, Franco and Michael wait for the Triple 9 call to go over the police scanner. As Chris continues to search for Marcus, we see that Pinto is lying in wait with a gun. Marcus falls to the floor and breaks down. He is deeply conflicted with the plan he has set in motion. As Chris continues to search, Gabe shows up, with a gun in his hands. Gabe tries to explain to Chris that he is being set up to be killed, but Chris just tells him to drop the gun. As this happens, Pinto comes out and shoots off several rounds before escaping. Chris looks up and realizes that Gabe was shot in the neck. He tries to stop the bleeding and call out for Marcus. Marcus arrives and sees Gabe, realizing he tried to stop the murder from happening. Gabe sees Marcus raising his gun to kill them both, so he returns fire. Marcus gets off a few shots, killing Gabe, but Gabe gets off one shot that hits Marcus in the head. Chris checks on his partner only to realize he has been shot in the head. Marcus is alive, but barely. He gets on the radio and calls out a Triple 9, Officer down. Hearing the call over the radio, Michael and Franco proceed, not realizing it was Marcus that was shot. They proceed to break into the DHS building, incapacitating the guards with Electric shotgun shells. They proceed to tie them up and even attach C4 to some of them. Jeffery learns of the Triple 9 and thinks Chris is in danger or dead. Just as Marcus predicted, he races along with the other cops to the location of the shooting. As they drive, Jeffery learns of a 211, a Robbery at the DHS building. He ignores it, thinking his nephew is more important. Eventually, he lets Trina check the call out. Michael tells the DHS guards they are going to do what they say or else. To prove they are not messing around, he sets off a C4 charge on a guards leg, taking his foot almost completely off. He points to a guard with a charge on his head, saying he has 10 times the amount as the other guy did. A female guard says they cant help, since the vault is on a time lock which they cannot open. Michael and Franco use explosives on the door, opening it. As Michael opens the box he needs with a blowtorch, Franco tells him the 211 call has been put out and they got 7 minutes to get out. Michael gets what they need, bringing out two guards as shields. By this time, SWAT has arrived, and opens fire on the van as they leave, peppering their van with bullets. Michael and Franco get away though. Michael gets a hand wound, while Franco is shaken. Franco calls his boss, saying he heard about the Triple 9 and will be on the scene shortly, covering himself. At the scene of the shooting, Marcus is airlifted to the hospital. Getting to the scene, Jeffery finds out that Chris is okay and that Marcus was actually shot by Gabe, a man he doesn't know though had seen twice. He also tells Jeffery Luis Pinto was there too, and learns that SWAT has Pinto surrounded. Franco shows up like nothing is wrong but as he walks away, Jeffery notices he has a limp. He comes to suspect him as the last member of the crew. That night, Michael meets Irina with two of her henchman. He hands over a gun and a wrapped box, saying it is a present for Felix. Irina shows herself and tells Michael to hand over the loot. He hands the boxes over, and Irina unlocks one with a key she got from the bank job. Inside are all the files she will need to get her husband released. She then asks about Michael's crew. He claims they are gone. Irina says not to play with her, saying she has all the contacts she needs to find them. Michael having enough with her asks about his son. When she stalls, he beats up her men and looks inside the car, only to find no one there. The two men proceed to beat him up and shoot a gun near his ear, temporarily deafening him. Irina finally lets her veneer drop and equates Michael to a monkey, and says Elena must have been disgusted every time she had sex with him. Irina says she really wants to kill him, but Elena begged her not to. Plus, Felix would never forgive her if she killed his father. Irina says she will give Felix the toy, a final gift from his father. Irina tells Michael to take the money and never look for his son because she will find out and kill him for sure (it is now fully clear that Irina never intended for him having a part in his son's life). She then drives off with her men. However, Michael has other things in mind. Afraid she would do what she just did, he double crosses her. The toy for Felix is actually rigged with C4. He triggers the bomb, killing Irina and her goons. He smirks as he drives past the destroyed car. Chris is at the hospital, waiting on word about Marcus. He learns Luis Pinto is dead. Going to the morgue, he looks at Pintos things and notices a note about being at the project housing at 4pm. He realizes Pinto was there to kill him. Michael is pulled over by a cop. Holding a gun at the door, he opens the window, only to find that is Franco messing with him. Michael notes Marcus is still alive, but Franco says he will kill him just like he killed Gabe's junkie girlfriend. Franco asks if they got paid. Michael tells him they settled things. Franco says that is good and says "till the next job, eh?" Michael nods, and Franco quickly raises his gun and shoots Michael three times, killing him. Thinking no one knows about him and wanting to erase every trace, Franco decided to double cross Michael, kill him, and take the money for himself. The next day, Chris goes to the neighborhood he was with Marcus and talks to the teenager he spoke to earlier. The kid confirms that Marcus spoke with Luis Pinto the day Marcus was shot. Chris speaks with Jeffery about the crimes, and reveals he fears that Marcus set him up to be killed. Jeffery thinks there is merit to the theory but a lack of proof. Plus, he knows there is still one man out there, most likely a cop, doing everything to erase every trace. Trina calls Jeffery who tells him about a woman who was shot dead. Jeffery realizes it was Gabe's girlfriend, his CI, and mentally kicks himself for allowing it to happen. He then asks Trina who the first officer on the scene was, realizing that must be the girls murderer, and the final crew member. Chris visits Marcus at the hospital and curses him out, now knowing the truth. Chris knows that whether he lives or dies, Marcus will go down as a dirty cop. Franco shows up, apparently to kill Marcus only to be surprised that Chris is there. He tells Chris that he needs to make a full statement at the precinct and Chris follows him. In the elevator, he gets a call from Jeffery that tells him that Franco is the last crew member and not to go anywhere. Chris feigns that the call is about something else. Chris and Franco go outside, and Franco says his car is a few lanes down and he will meet him at the station. As he walks away, Chris looks at him tensely, thinking he will try something there. As Franco gets in his car, he sees a tie hanging around the driver mirror. In the backseat, Jeffery sits with a gun. He wasn't going to take any chances in regards to family. Franco cocks his revolver and turns it Jeffery's way. Two shots ring out. Chris hears them and pulls out his gun. He radios a code 342, and a Triple 9, thinking Franco has been shot. He then begins to advance on the vehicle. He is correct. Franco is dead, as one of the shots was from Jeffery's gun. However, Franco got off one shot at Jeffery which has wounded him in the chest. Jeffery sits in the seat bleeding, and smokes some drugs as he bleeds out. The movie ends on a freeze frame of his face as we hear police radio and sirens in the back, making it unclear if Jeffery dies from his wounds or not.
tt1524930
Adventure,Comedy
In the opening scene, we are introduced to Rusty Griswold (Ed Helms) who is a pilot for Econoair, a regional airline. He is show making the 18 minute flight from South Bend, Indiana to Chicago. He lands, and while waiting for the Crew Shuttle, he is bullied out of line by a rival pilot (Ron Livingston). At home we see Rusty is married to Debbie (Christina Applegate). His older awkward teenage son James (Skyler Gisondo) is being bullied by his younger brother Kevin (Steele Stebbins). Kevin wrote "I have a vagina" on James's acoustic guitar. Rusty fixes it by crossing out "vagina" and writing "penis". That night, the Griswolds have dinner with their neighbors the Petersons (Keegan-Michael Key and Regina Hall). Jack Peterson has a great relationship with his son. They built a go-kart and play fight. Rusty tries to show that he and his kids have the same great relationship, but Kevin isn't interested in pretending and James is just really bad at bonding. Nancy Peterson passive-aggressively gives Debbie a hard time about not liking her Instagram photos from the family's Paris vacation. She also comments on the fact that Debbie has lost so much weight that her wedding ring is loose on her finger. Rusty leaves the dining area, but comes back in time to hear Debbie reveal that she's disappointed that the family only ever vacations at their cabin in Cheboygan, Michigan every year and that she'd like to do something different. Rusty rents a car, the only thing left was a thing called a Prancer from the Ukraine. It has two gas tanks and is a hybrid, unfortunately the outlets are insane (and have corkscrews as part of the plugs). It also has too many mirrors and a ridiculous amount of buttons on the key fob including a swastika and a muffin. It was the only thing available that weekend. Rusty is recreating his favorite vacation from he was a kid, he's taking the family to Walley World in Los Angeles! During the first day's drive, Rusty tries to get the family to sing along with the song Kiss From a Rose by Seal. They have no interest. He shows the family that the car comes standard with a CB so they can talk to truckers. Rusty asks the truck behind them (which has a teddy bear mounted to the grill) if the road is clear of cops. The trucker says it is. Kevin gets on the CB and asks the trucker if its true that all truckers are rapists. Rusty bungles up an apology and explanation as the truck barrels past them. The family stops at a diner for lunch in Missouri. As they leave, we see the Teddy Bear Truck is in the parking lot. On the road, James sees a cute girl in the back of a Jeep and they have a wordless flirtation until Kevin puts a plastic bag over his head from behind and tries to kill him. Once James is free, the Jeep girl is gone. When the Griswolds get to Tennessee, Rusty decides to take a detour and show the boys where their mom went to college. They go to her old sorority house and see they're doing a "chug run" (an obstacle course you have to complete after you chug a pitcher of beer) to raise money for "Ass Burgers" instead of Aspergers. Debbie brags that she actually invented the chug run. One of the current sisters hears and asks if shes the legendary Debbie Does Anything. Debbie is clearly embarrassed that Rusty is finding out about her wild college days. The Sorority Sisters dismiss Debbie as being old, but to prove that shes still got it, she decides to do the chug run. Debbie chugs the beer and immediately starts projectile vomiting her way through the course. Back on the road, the Teddy Bear Truck is behind the Prancer. It speeds up and taps their bumper. Rusty speeds away, but the truck is hot on their tail. Rusty decides to pull a Fast and the Furious move and yank the emergency brake while turning so they can take off in the opposite direction and get away. His logic: "If Vin Diesel can do it, so can I." Rusty attempts the move and rolls the Prancer end over end along the highway. Luckily it ends up on its wheels and they take off. The family stops at a little motel and Rusty is a little embarrassed that Debbie clearly has experienced more than he has. They have the number conversation. Rusty has been with three women. Debbie has been with about 30 guys. He decides to spice up their sex life and says they're going to do it in the shower. The shower is unfortunately disgusting and they don't. Outside, James is playing his guitar while soaking his feet in the hot tub. The girl from the Jeep is staying at the same motel. The girl introduces herself as Adena (Catherine Missal). They're really starting to hit it off until Rusty comes out and tries to help. Instead of helping, he ends up looking like a paedophile and scares off Adena. The next stop is to visit Rusty's older sister Audrey (Leslie Mann) and her husband, an incredibly successful and handsome weatherman named Stone Crandall (Chris Hemsworth). Debbie is a little too enamored by Stone, so Rusty decides to make another detour first. The family stops at a hot spring, but the line to get in is really long. He asks a local passing by (with a rat on his shoulder) if he knows a shortcut. The local tells him to take the dirt road off to the side up until it ends. Rusty thanks the local and asks the pet rat's name. The local sees the rat, screams, and runs away. The Griswolds head up the dirt road and find the spring. At first it's great, but then they find an ear and a syringe. They realize its not a spring, but a septic dump. They get out and return to the Prancer only to find that the local broke in and stole all their stuff. Plus, the local also painted the shape of a penis on the side of the Prancer. The Griswolds get to Audrey and Stone's house. It's a huge ranch. Rusty wanted to make up a better excuse why they had no money, were in their swimsuits and covered in shit, but Kevin tells them everything. Stone is amazing. Everyone loves him. That night, Debbie is super turned on, but Rusty realizes it is just because she's turned on by Stone. In fact, her wedding ring is gone. She explains that its been loose lately and she lost it. She's really upset by that, but it was an accident. Stone comes in to tell them how to operate the remote control. He is only in boxer briefs and we can clearly see the outline of his massive penis. The next morning, Rusty wakes up early to help Stone wrangle cattle. Instead of horses, they ride 4 wheeler Quads. Rusty is of course in over his head and ends up riding right through a steer and it explodes. Stone hoses the steer guts off Rusty and the Griswolds are on their way again. That family stops at a reservation for the night. They're by the Four Corners Monument, so Rusty has the idea that he and Debbie should do it outside in four states all at the same time. They sneak off and go there. Unfortunately there are already dozens of naked couples with the same idea in mind. Four policemen from the four Indian states (Michael Pena, Nick Kroll, Kaitlin Olson and Tim Heidecker) swoop in to make arrests. Everyone flees except Rusty and Debbie. They too are able to escape when the four cops fight over whose jurisdiction this is. Back at the reservation, James runs into Adena again. He comes clean and explains that the paedophile was his dad trying to be his wing man. Right when they're about to kiss, Kevin comes out and ruins things. Adena thought James was being bullied by an older brother and doesn't understand why he just doesn't stand up to Kevin. James explains that he has been trying to be the bigger man. She asks how that has been working so far? It hasn't. So James finally stands up to Kevin and awkwardly wins. Back on the road, they stop at the Grand Canyon to go rafting. Their guide (Charlie Day) gets dumped by his fiancé right before the trip and decides to take a much more dangerous fork in the river towards a waterfall. The family barely makes it to safety, but the guide goes over the falls. Back on the road, Rusty tries to sing Kiss From a Rose again, but no one is having any part of it. This has all been too much. They're at the end of their ropes. The car runs out of gas. Rusty hits the muffin button on the key fob and the car starts up and drives away without them. He hits it again and the car blows up. The Griswolds don't understand why Rusty needs this vacation so bad. He explains that it was the time in his childhood when his dad pulled out all stops to try to do something for his family. He wanted to do the same, but that's it. He quits. He's done trying. The car runs out of gas in the desert. Rusty abandons the family and starts walking off. From down the road, the Teddy Bear Truck appears. Rusty runs away, it chases him. Rusty stops running and the driver (Norman Reedus) gets out to tell Rusty that he found Debbie's ring way back in the diner in Missouri. He gives the family a ride to San Francisco. Kevin apologizes for saying that all truckers like molesting kids and asks to make sure that's not true. The trucker doesn't answer. He drops them off at a Bed and Breakfast. Before the trucker leaves, Rusty asks why the Teddy Bear. The trucker says it's to make kids on the road feel safe. Rusty asks if the trucker has kids. The trucker says 'no' and drives off. The Bed and Breakfast is run by Rusty's parents, Clark and Ellen Griswold (Chevy Chase and Beverly D'Angelo). After spending the night, Clark tells Debbie that Audrey's life isn't so great. She and Stone sleep around on each other. Rusty finds out the copy of 'The Help' that Debbie has been reading throughout the movie is just the jacket for 'The Help'. She is actually reading a book about saving a dead marriage. He is upset. She says they don't have a dead marriage, because he never gave up on it. So Rusty decides he has to complete his mission. He can't give up on the family. He's taking them to Walley World. Clark lets his son borrow the old station wagon from the first Vacation movie and off they go. Rusty has sold his family on riding this new roller coaster called the Velociraptor and that's just what they're going to do. Rusty and the family finally get to the park and end up waiting in line five hours to ride the coaster. Right when they're next, the rival pilot from the beginning of the movie and his family cut in line because they have Fast Passes to the park. They're also the last family to get to ride. The park is closing. The Griswolds team up and beat the shit out of the other family and get on the coaster. As the coaster goes up the first hill, the Griswolds all start singing Kiss from a Rose together. When the coaster gets to the third loop it stalls upside down. Later that night, an emergency team has to go rescue everyone. The next day, Rusty flies the boys back home. He and Debbie are going to Paris. He used his airline connections to get seats. They're the rumble seats next to the bathrooms at the back of the plane where the flight attendants sit. Still though, they're going to Paris.
tt1981128
Action,Sci-Fi,Thriller
In the year 2019, global warming had become so bad, catastrophic weather was plaguing the world. The nations of the world came together to create a solution - a weather-controlling system nicknamed "Dutch Boy". It deploys satellites around the world and succeeds in containing a potentially devastating hurricane over Shanghai and manages to keep climate stabilized all across the globe. Jake Lawson (Gerard Butler), the main architect for Dutch Boy, is brought to testify before a court. Senator Thomas Cross (Richard Schiff) is particularly displeased that Jake went ahead and started Dutch Boy without his own approval. Jake fails to make a compelling argument for his case, choosing instead to just argue with the senators, justifying that Dutch Boy has proven to be a success. Jake's brother Max (Jim Sturgess) tries to shut him up but to no avail. After the meeting is adjourned, Max tells Jake that he has been chosen to take Jake's job, and he regrettably fires his brother. Three years later, a team of soldiers move through Afghanistan. They come across a village that appears to have been frozen over, covered in ice and snow. The soldiers find the villagers standing frozen in place. Up on the International Climate Space Station, an engineer, Makmoud (Richard Regan Paul), gathers log data from the Afghanistan incident in secret. He moves through the station when the windows start to blow out, causing Makmoud to get sucked out into space. President Andrew Palma (Andy Garcia) is alerted to the incidents and he calls for a meeting among his Cabinet. They determine that there must have been a glitch in one of the satellites over Afghanistan. Palma proposes to send one person up to the ICSS to fix the situation. Secretary of State Leonard Dekkom (Ed Harris) talks to Max and suggests that he get Jake to go up there since he knows Dutch Boy better than anyone involved, but Max thinks it wouldn't help to ask Jake. Max drives up to Jake's home in Florida where he meets Jake's daughter Hannah (Talitha Bateman). Jake appears none too pleased to see Max, but Max pleads with his brother to help him investigate the Afghanistan incident, knowing that many lives could potentially be at risk. We move to Hong Kong where a heatwave has passed over the city. A man named Cheng Long (Daniel Wu), who heads Dutch Boy's Hong Kong department, is leaving a grocery store when he drops his carton of eggs. To his surprise, the eggs start frying on the street. Suddenly, the ground rumbles before gas mains start to burst underground and explode. Cheng races across the city as more mains start to blow, causing an earthquake that destroys part of the city. Cheng makes it to the middle of a bridge as he and other citizens look upon what remains of the city. Jake agrees to go up to the ICSS, even though he knows he will leave Hannah behind. She tearfully says farewell to him before staying with her mother. When Jake reaches the ICSS, he meets Ute Fassbinder (Alexandra Maria Lara), the station's commander, plus her crew - Duncan Taylor (Robert Sheehan), Ray Dussette (Amr Waked), Eni Adisa (Adepero Oduye), and Al Hernandez (Eugenio Derbez). Together, they look into Hong Kong's satellite, but the robot arm holding it goes haywire, nearly killing everyone until it crashes, leaving the satellite destroyed with no data to work with. In Tokyo, an enormous hailstorm hits (literally), bringing down hail big enough to destroy a bus. From Hong Kong, Cheng contacts Max after finding out he cannot login to access their satellite. Cheng warns Max that if this pattern of weather continues, a geostorm will occur, in which disastrous weather will strike all over the globe at once. Cheng escapes his office when he finds that mercenaries, led by a man named Rico (David S. Lee) are about to raid the place. Max then turns to Dana (Zazie Beets), a cybersecurity hacker. She finds that Max cannot gain access to the satellite as well, meaning that the whole system has been hacked by someone else. Jake sees in a surveillance video of the accident that killed Makmoud that a hard drive got stuck by a panel. He goes out to retrieve it, but his space suit malfunctions and he is nearly killed. After making it back inside the station, he shows Ute that he got the drive, but he keeps it a secret from the rest of the crew, fearing that one of them may have deliberately sabotaged him. While attempting to go over the drive, Jake and Ute find themselves unable to access the information. Jake video-calls Max and tells him a story about their father taking them fishing. Max takes the video to Dana and says it's an encrypted message from Jake since their dad never did take them fishing. Using their dad's old phone number, Max decrypts the message to learn that Jake believes someone within the White House is responsible. Max attempts to meet up with Cheng. Rico is behind him, and he pushes Cheng into the path of a car. Max rushes to a dying Cheng, who manages to mention something called Project Zeus before he dies. He relays this info to Dana, stating that Project Zeus is meant to manipulate the weather and create the geostorm. Jake and Ute find the log data in the locker that Makmoud had stored it in, which is Dussette's locker. He initially thinks they suspect him of sabotaging Jake, even holding them at gunpoint, but they come to an understanding. They find out that a virus was spread to keep ICSS employees from logging in. Jake contacts Max again with the suspicion that Palma may be behind the hack. In order to stop the geostorm from happening, they need to reboot the system with kill codes, which are with the President as they are bio-metric and require his fingerprints and eye scan. Max tells this to his girlfriend, Secret Service Agent Sarah Wilson (Abbie Cornish), as he needs her help to get Palma. Max and Sarah head to the Democratic National Convention in Orlando, where Max learns that a huge thunderstorm is about to hit the area. When he tries to warn Dekkom and ask for his help, Dekkom takes Max to a room and tries to shoot him, revealing himself as the true villain. Max rushes to tell Sarah. She creates a diversion to get the other Secret Service agents away while she gets Palma. She and Max take him in a self-driving cab just as the storm hits. They get far away from the stadium as it is blown up by a massive lightning bolt. Sarah drives through the city evading Rico and his goons. They go under a bridge and manage to push Rico into the path of the storm, causing a bolt to hit his car and blow him up. Dekkom is ahead in the road and uses one of his goons to try and kill Max, Sarah, and Palma with an RPG. The car blows up, but they are not inside. Max and Sarah incapacitate the goon and hold Dekkom until the police arrive to arrest him. Before he is taken away, Dekkom says his plan was to take out America's enemies and leave the United States in charge of the world, with him as President. The virus starts to completely take over the station, causing its self-destruct sequence to go off. The satellites then go out of control, causing devastating weather to hit parts of the world, including a tsunami in Dubai, a heatwave in Moscow, and tornadoes in Mumbai. People are frozen in their tracks, burned alive, or sucked up. The geostorm then counts down to less than 90 minutes. Jake soon learns that Duncan is responsible for spreading the virus. Jake goes to beat the crap out of him and learns he did it because he was offered more than what he was payed up there. Duncan accidentally hits the windows with bullets before Jake gets out, just as the window blows out and sucks Duncan into space. Max and Sarah get Palma to send the kill codes. Jake contacts Max and says the kill codes will only stop the geostorm but not the self-destruct sequence. Jake prepares to die despite Max trying to find a way to help. The brothers acknowledge their love for each other. Jake rushes to take the kill codes to the main computer, with Ute staying behind to help him. Once they do so, they manage to stop the geostorm, bringing all the crazy weather to a halt. As the station continues to crumble, Jake and Ute find a nearby pod. The station is obliterated, leaving everyone thinking Jake is dead. Hannah watches at home with her mother and starts crying. Max is then alerted to a video from a nearby shuttle that the pod is signaling for help. The shuttle, flown by Hernandez, stops to grab the pod, saving Jake and Ute. They are brought back to Earth, with Max and Hannah both feeling relieved. Six months later. Jake gets his old job back working on a new Dutch Boy system. He, Max, and Hannah are shown trying to fish since they never did as kids, but they decide it's too boring. We then hear Hannah's voiceover saying that while we cannot change the past, we can only hope to make the future better.
tt3062096
Action,Crime,Drama
Florence, Italy A team of agents are chasing geneticist Bertrand Zobrist (Ben Foster) through the streets. Zobrist runs up to the top of a tower when he is confronted by Christoph Bouchard (Omar Sy). Bouchard demands that Zobrist tell him the location of something important and potentially dangerous. Zobrist instead drops himself out the window of the tower and hits two roofs on the way down before smashing to the ground. Professor Robert Langdon (Tom Hanks) is in a hospital bed. He has a head wound and is suffering from disturbing visions of a hellish scene in which people are shown writhing in pain, while others are burnt and some people have their heads turned backwards. Langdon hears voices and sees someone in a hood, along with other people wearing plague masks. When he awakens, he meets Dr. Sienna Brooks (Felicity Jones), who claims to have been a fan of Langdon's work since she was a child. Sienna tells Langdon he is suffering from retrograde amnesia as a result of the wound. Moments later, an assassin named Vayentha (Ana Ularu) comes in disguised as an officer. She shoots one doctor and then tries to break into Langdon's room to kill him. Langdon and Sienna escape the room, but Langdon is losing blood after the IV is pulled off his arm. They make it into a cab as Langdon passes out. Langdon wakes up in Sienna's home. He asks her for coffee, despite somehow forgetting the word for it. As she goes to get it, Langdon looks on his laptop to check his emails. He finds one from a man named Ignazio Busoni (Gabor Urmai). The message states that Ignazio is safe, as is something that he and Langdon have apparently stolen, as well as the message "Paradise Twenty Five". Among Langdon's possessions, he and Sienna find a Faraday pointer, which contains the famous "Map of Hell" by Sandro Boticelli, which was inspired by Dante's "Inferno". It contains letters and Zobrist's name. The two watch a video of Zobrist speaking about his viewpoints on humanity and how the world must be cleansed. This leads the two to discover that Zobrist wanted to unleash a virus worldwide to wipe out billions of people prior to his suicide. Langdon speaks to someone on the phone from the U.S. consulate about being picked up from his room, only to later find out Vayentha and other officers are there for him, forcing him and Sienna to run again. On the streets, Langdon and Sienna try to figure out the meaning of another statement from the Map of Hell, "cerca trova", which is Italian for "seek and find". Associates from the World Health Organization are now out looking for Langdon too, including Elizabeth Sinskey (Sidse Babett Knudsen). She orders all her men to not trust anyone and to find Langdon by any means necessary. Vayentha contacts her associates to speak to "The Provost". This is Harry Sims (Irrfan Khan), CEO of a firm called The Consortium. One of his men reports to Sims about what Vayentha has told him. Sims also demands to see a video that Zobrist had sent him to be seen after the virus had been released. Langdon and Sienna follow clues to the Palazzo Vecchio to see the painting, "The Battle of Marciano", which contains similar writings as the one from the Map. He starts to have more hallucinations and feels a pain in his neck as he remembers being injected with something, leading him to think that he is carrying the virus. Sienna assures him that if he was carrying the virus, everyone around him would probably be dead. They meet with a friend of Langdon's, a museum employee named Marta Alvarez (Ida Darvish). They review security footage and discover that Langdon and Ignazio stole Dante's Death Mask from its exhibit. Langdon must once again run as authorities and museum security get on his tail. Langdon and Sienna run up to the attic over the Apotheosis of Cosimo I. Vayentha encounters the two up there and tries to kill them, but Sienna pushes Vayentha over, causing her to crash through the ceiling and fall to her death. The WHO officials later arrive and see Vayentha's body, and Sinskey appears to recognize her. Langdon and Sienna go to the Florence Baptistry where they locate the mask, following the Paradise Twenty Five clue. On the back of it is another hidden message. Afterward, the two are met by Bouchard, who claims to have been the one that met Langdon in Cambridge prior to his amnesia, and also states that Sinskey and her associates are trying to spread the virus. Bouchard joins him and Sienna as they proceed, but Langdon eventually comes to realize that Bouchard is lying to them and that Sinskey was who he met. Sims and Sinskey meet and discuss the nature of the virus, bringing them to work together to stop it from spreading. After Langdon deduces that the virus is located in the Hagia Sophia, Sienna betrays him and leaves him, revealing that she was Zobrist's lover and is set to carry on his work. Langdon is then knocked out by an assailant. We see an extended flashback of Sienna and Zobrist as lovers as he was explaining his philosophy and work to her, which she grew to follow and support. Since they used to play treasure hunts, Zobrist left clues for her to find in case something were to happen to him. Langdon wakes up and finds he was captured by Bouchard. He was conspiring with Sienna as well. Sims shows up and stabs Bouchard in the neck, killing him. Sims then explains to Langdon that his associates had drugged him with benzodiazepine after he had met with Sinskey and created a fake head wound so that he could help solve the Inferno mystery. Everything that happened in the hospital was also a setup. Langdon and Sims rejoin Sinskey and locate the tomb of Enrico Dandolo, which leads them to figure that the virus will be exposed at the Basilica Cistern in Istanbul. The heroes arrive at the Cistern to stop the spread. Sienna kills Sims as the others race to locate the virus. It's underwater in a container set to be detonated. Langdon tries to stop Sienna, but she blows herself up underwater to ensure the virus will spread. Langdon fights one of Sienna's conspirators, but he is shot by the police. Sinskey then manages to keep the virus contained. The WHO take the virus away. Langdon and Sinskey part ways, but she first returns to him a Mickey Mouse watch that he had lost after their initial meeting. Langdon returns to the museum to ask a security guard to turn the light up on the Dante mask. The guard enters the room and is stunned to discover the mask in its spot. Langdon just walks away smiling.
tt3522806
Action,Adventure,Thriller
In this sequel, after faking his death, Arthur Bishop (Jason Statham) has been living quietly in Rio de Janeiro as Mr. Santos. One day during lunch, he is approached by a mysterious woman (Yayaying Rhatha Phongam). She states that her employer wishes for Bishop to come out of retirement to kill three targets and stage them as accidents. The woman also brought a group of assassins with her. Bishop takes a picture of her on his phone as she reaches for a gun. He pushes the table against her as the other hitmen approach him. Bishop fights all of them before running onto a tram car. The woman chases him and almost gets him until he makes his escape by jumping on the back of a hang glider. Bishop retreats to a location in Thailand to hideout with help of his friend Mae (Michelle Yeoh) investigates the woman and learns her employer is Riah Crain (Sam Hazeldine), a former childhood friend of Bishop's. By the shore, Bishop sees a beautiful woman, Gina (Jessica Alba). Later at night, on the ocean, Bishop sees a boat and hears Gina sounding like she's being attacked. Bishop heads over to the boat and kills the attacker before bringing Gina back to the shore for safety. Bishop later watches a video of Gina teaching children in Cambodia. When she wakes up, Gina explains that a friend of hers was taken by Crain, and he threatened to harm the children if she didn't do what he wanted. Bishop keeps Gina close and takes her by a bar where Mae works. This brings the two of them closer as they bond, unaware that Crain's men are watching them. Eventually, Crain's men corner Bishop and Gina on the beach. While Bishop fights the hitmen, Gina is taken. Bishop is brought in to meet with Crain after a long absence. Crain has an axe to grind with Bishop after he felt that Bishop abandoned him when Crain needed him. Crain orders Bishop to kill the three targets, or else Gina will die. Bishop reluctantly agrees. The first target is a warlord named Krill (Femi Elufowoju Jr.), who is being kept locked up in a Malaysian prison. Bishop travels to Malaysia and gets himself arrested in order to get in the same building as Krill. While on the inside, Bishop stops a man who was already planning on killing Krill. Later, Bishop meets with Krill inside his little hut by the prison yard. As Krill discusses his plan to rule Africa once he gets out of prison, Bishop sneaks up on him and chokes him with a wooden rod by pressing it against a bar on the window. He sets up the "accident" by having Krill sit at his table to appear as though he was in the middle of a prayer. The guards are alerted to the incident and witness Bishop on the security cameras. Bishop creates a bomb that blows a hole through the prison walls. He walks through and jumps into the ocean to escape. Bishop is contacted by Crain through his tablet to speak with Gina. She tells him that he only has 36 hours to kill the next target or she will be eliminated. Crain tells Bishop that the next target is a man named Adrian Cook (Toby Eddington), who runs an underage trafficking ring. Bishop finds Cook's apartment and carefully sets up his trap. Cook goes for a swim in his glass pool outside his apartment while Bishop is hooked to a wire as he scales the building. He uses a device to break the glass in the pool, causing the water to spill out with Cook plummeting to his death. Once again, Bishop makes a clean getaway. Somehow, time has run out for Bishop, and he is forced to kill the last target immediately. The man is Max Adams (Tommy Lee Jones), a billionaire who owns a bunch of submarines. Adams finds Bishop waiting for him in his safe room, but instead of killing him, the two of them get along and decide to work together. Bishop has Adams fake his death by blowing up his equipment and telling Crain that the job is done. They arrange a meeting so Crain can give Gina back. However, Crain is planning to have Bishop killed. Bishop waits for Crain's men as they get off land and head to kill him. He shoots them all dead before heading toward Crain's boat. He shoots, stabs, and blows up more hitmen before getting to Crain. He finds Gina, and they discover that Crain has the boat rigged to explode. Bishop puts her in a chamber to let her escape while he finishes Crain. The two of them go head-to-head and fight as time is running out. Crain pulls Bishop down with the anchor chain, but Bishop manages to pull it off and tie Crain down with the chains. Bishop runs away moments before the boat explodes, killing Crain. Gina resurfaces in the chamber and sees the wrecked boat. She is rescued and treated by paramedics, and she learns there were no survivors. Gina returns to Cambodia to continue teaching. She writes a letter to Mae to let her know she is safe and doing what she loves. Gina is then surprised when Bishop shows up. They embrace. The last scene shows Adams reviewing security footage. He sees that Bishop found a chamber to sneak into before the boat exploded. He got out once that piece of the boat was recovered. Adams laughs and deletes the evidence.
tt3567288
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
The film starts with 15-year-old Rebecca 'Becca' (Olivia DeJonge) interviewing her mother, Paula (Kathryn Hahn) for a documentary she's making about meeting her grandparents for the first time. Paula explains that as a teenager, she fell in love with her substitute teacher, and her parents didn't approve. Something happened when she was 19 that caused her to not want to see her parents again, for the last 15 years. She points out that her husband eventually fell in love with another woman he met at a Starbucks, and moved to Palo Alto. Becca asks her to go back and explain what exactly happened to cause the years of non-communication, and her mom tells her she won't tell her; if her grandparents want to give her that information, it's up to them. She tells them even though she hasn't talked to them in years, she knows they are nice, and they still volunteer at the local hospital. MONDAY MORNING We meet Tyler (Ed Oxenbould), Becca's younger brother, while they drive to Grand Central Station. He is age 13 and talks like a wannabe rapper, complaining that he's got three girls on deck and is upset he won't be able to text all week, due to having no cellphone reception where the grandparents live. Their mom hugs goodbye at Grand Central, and they board a train. On board, Tyler shows off his freestyling skills by rapping for the camera. Becca mentions that she agreed to the trip because their mom hasn't been able to connect with her new boyfriend, and a five-day cruise might help them get closer, (as in getting laid and having steamy, passionate, wild sex day in and day out!!). They get to Pennsylvania where their grandparents live, and they're waiting for them as they get off the train. The grandparents, John "Pop-Pop" (Peter McRobbie) and Doris "Nana" (Deanna Dunagan), seem friendly enough and take them back to their house. Tyler does a freestyle rap using Nana's suggestion of pineapple upside down cake. Becca discusses her documentary and her love of making movies. Tyler and Becca get settled into their room upstairs, which used to be their mother's. They play rock, paper, scissors to see who gets the bed and who gets the sofa, and Becca gets the bed. She tells Tyler about the old time song she's going to play over some of the footage when there's a happy conclusion to the week. She gives Tyler a second camera so he can film additional footage. Tyler films Pop-Pop mysteriously working in the shed. He calls out to him and Pop-Pop sees him but doesn't respond. Tyler coerces Becca to play Hide and Seek underneath the house. They crawl around, and then suddenly Nana is down on all fours behind Tyler. She races after him, and then Becca, each scurrying to get away from her as she seems demented and off, repeating "I'm going to get you" as she scurries after the kids. They escape from underneath the house, and Nana laughs, her hands sullied, seemingly aware of the game and simply trying to participate. She walks away, revealing the roughhousing has caused her dress to ride upwards, exposing her bare butt. A man comes to the door and asks to talk to their grandparents. They tell him they're not there. He says he knows them from Meadow Shade, the hospital they volunteer at a few days a week, and he has some gossip to tell them about the latest drama going on down there. Tyler decides he's going to investigate what's in the shed. He sneaks inside and says it "smells like ass". He finds in the corner a pile. He gets closer to see what it is and discovers it's used adult diapers. He runs out screaming. Inside, Nana explains to him that Pop-Pop is incontinent, and a lot of adults have to wear diapers. He hides them in the shed because he's ashamed, then he burns them. She then continues giving Becca tips on how to make cookies. That night, Pop-Pop comes into their room and tells them that there is mold in the basement, and they should not go down there. He also tells them that everyone follows the same schedule, so lights have to be out at 9:30. They agree but are annoyed, especially since there is no WiFi, and they can't use any electronics. Tyler decides to start using pop stars names instead of swearing in his raps and says if he stubs his toe, it sounds cooler to shout out "Shakira!" than a cuss word (This is a motif that is carried out throughout the movie with him shouting out Sarah McLachlan and Katy Perry in times of annoyance or danger). The two can't sleep, and it's now 10:23 PM. Becca says she's going to sneak out to get one of Nana's cookies. She opens the door and sees Nana walking in the dark, projectile vomiting. She quickly shuts the door. TUESDAY MORNING The next morning, Pop-Pop and Nana are outside with breakfast on the table. Nana apologizes because shes got hot oil all over Becca's computer but really only the webcam. Becca says she will probably be able to scrub it off with enough effort. The kids later ask Pop-Pop if Nana is sick. They are told Nana experiences something called "sundowning", which is a form of dementia that happens when the sun sets. It's the equivalent of talking in one's sleep and not to be concerned, but it's best for them to stay in their room during the night. He says Nana is convinced there are bad things inside her, so she throws up to get rid of them. As he's explaining this, he's putting on a tuxedo. They ask him if he's going somewhere, and he tells them there's a costume ball at the train station he's late for. He then realizes that he's confused and takes the tuxedo off. Pop-Pop takes Becca and Tyler through the town. They play a game where they make up stories about people who live in the buildings including the closed police station. When they try to make up a story about a tall building, Pop-Pop tells them its Meadow Shade where they volunteer, and he'll show it to them when he gets his Meadow Shade badge from home. They go to the park to play, but Pop-Pop tells them they have to leave because they're being followed. The kids see a man across the street using his cell phone, not paying attention to the three of them. Pop-Pop runs over and begins to assault the man, yelling at him. Becca and Tyler convince him to leave the man alone, and Pop-Pop apologizes to them. Back home, Becca is in the kitchen with Nana. She asks her if she can interview her, but Nana does not want to be on camera. Instead, she asks for Becca's help cleaning the oven. Becca cleans with just her arm, but Nana tells her to lean into it. Nana then convinces her to get completely inside. While she's fully submerged in the oven, Nana bounces up and down excitedly. Becca reappears, and Nana tells her she is ready to be in her movie. Becca interviews Nana by asking her warm-up questions. When she asks Nana what happened 15 years ago to cause her not to speak to her daughter, Nana starts going berserk, shaking violently, and screams that she no longer wants to be in Becca's movie. Outside, Tyler interviews Becca asking what animal shed want to be (a dolphin), then why she likes the pizza guy despite him having bad acne (he has kind eyes.) Then he asks her why she can't look at herself in the mirror, pointing out when she brushes her hair, she does it with her back to the mirror. And when she brushes her teeth, she looks down. She hints that it's because their dad abandoned the three of them years ago, and she has felt rejected. Tyler defends his dad, saying there was a time when he was eight when he was playing peewee football. His team was up by three, and it was the fourth quarter and they were set to win as long as nobody scored in the final minutes. A big kid came running towards him but instead of blocking him, he just froze. Everyone started screaming at him but he was completely frozen, immobile, which is what happens when he's afraid. But his dad never judged him for it. But he sometimes blames that for being why his dad went away. In the editing software, she's piecing together on her computer, Becca films herself in front of an obstructed slideshow of pictures of her brother, her, and their father. She says that while she's trying to tell the story of her mom's parents, she will not be including anybody from the past that she doesn't consider worthy of acknowledgment. That night, at 10:47 PM, they hear a scary sound coming outside their locked door. The two want to film what's on the other side, so Tyler tells Becca to open the door. She refuses. He then says if she holds the camera, hell open the door. He does, and they reveal a naked Nana clawing at the door opposite them, scratching like a frantic dog. He shuts the door and declares that he's now partially blind. WEDNESDAY MORNING The next morning, Becca interviews Pop-Pop, and he tells her how he used to have a great job, but he used to see a white figure with yellow eyes at his job. Nobody else could see it, but he was insistent it was there. So he was eventually fired. He warns Becca that she, too, will see the white figure with yellow eyes one day. She tells him he seems sad. Tyler tries to convince Becca to set the camera up in the living room so it can film what happens at night. She says she can't film their grandparents unless one of them is there otherwise it's unethical. She explains they're both experiencing signs of early onset schizophrenia. A neighbor named Stacey comes over, telling them their grandparents volunteered at the hospital when she was in rehab, and she baked treats to thank them. The kids get an Ethernet cord and now talk to their mom on Skype. Tyler tells her Nana is acting weird. The mom tells them "they're old, and that's just how old people act". Becca defends them and says they are weird but nice. Tyler and Becca both agree that this is a 1 on the scale of problems. Their mom comments how she wishes she could see them (but can't because their webcam is blocked from Nana's mishap in the kitchen). Their mom leaves to watch her boyfriend in a Hairy Chest contest on the cruise ship. That night, at 10:16 PM, they hear an odd commotion outside the door. They want to know what Nana is doing this time but are too scared to look. Becca decides just to open the door and film for a short while, for the documentary sake. When she opens the door, they see Nana running past, with both arms behind her back, rushing past them, in both directions. Just as she's about to crawl towards the camera, they shut and lock the door. THURSDAY MORNING The next morning, the four of them go out into the woods. Becca says she doesn't want to leave without getting an elixir for Mom. While the grandparents are ahead on the trail, Tyler begins to mimic Nana's running with her arms behind the back only to get caught by Nana, who tells them they're going to miss the family of foxes. They turn the corner and see Nana staring into a well. They ask her what she's looking at, but Pop-Pop tells them it's nothing. Tyler and Becca return to the well later to try to figure out what is hidden inside. But all they pull up is water. Becca goes in the shed and finds Pop-Pop with a rifle in his mouth. He declares he's just cleaning it and then mimics cleaning it. Later that evening, Becca is in the living room and hears Nana laughing hysterically. She decides to show what kind of television show makes her Nana laugh, hoping it's the same one her mom loves. But she finds Nana rocking in a chair, facing the wall. She asks Nana what she's laughing about and is told the naughty spirits are inside her, and she laughs to keep them at bay. She then tells her a story about how there are people in the water that were stolen by people from another planet. These people will later be collected and sent back to this planet but for now, they're at the bottom of water. Becca tries to interview her again, but she goes crazy when she is asked about the night that caused them to become estranged. When Becca presents it as a story about a girl who fell in love with an older man, whose family did not approve, and what she would say to the girl, Nana tells her I would tell the girl "I'm sorry." Becca now has her elixir, an apology from Nana. Outside the window, they see Nana and Pop-Pop in a heated argument with their neighbor, Stacey. They wonder what they are fighting about. Becca decides Tyler is right and that they should set up the camera in the living room to see exactly what goes on at night. Becca also wonders what's in the basement given that they were told not to go down there. At night, Tyler is freaking out because he touched something slimy on the toilet handle and can feel it seeping into his skin. Becca gets tissues and helps wipe it off. Time passes, and they fall asleep. In the living area, Nana opens and slams the basement door several times. She then rushes around the room, crawling like a dog then appears..... RIGHT IN FRONT OF THE HIDDEN CAMERA and screams. She picks up the camera and then films herself going into the kitchen where she grabs a butcher knife. She makes her way up to the kids' bedroom and begins pounding at their door. Becca and Tyler wake up, startled. They can hear Nana trying to get in but just stay still. FRIDAY MORNING: The next morning, they watch the footage and see that Nana was trying to kill them. Becca tells them that their mom is back from her vacation that day so they just have to avoid their grandparents all day until she can come and get them. They throw the ball around and every time the grandparents come by, they tell them "We're playing. This is how kids play." Inside, they try to avoid their grandparents by going out to play but Nana asks if Becca can help clean the oven first. Becca leans in, but Nana tells her to go in further. Tyler objects but Nana tells him they've done this before. Becca finally climbs all the way in and Nana pushes her fully inside and shuts the door, telling her she wants to do something real quick and wipes down the handle. Tyler screams at her to open up the oven, and she does. Becca is shaken up, and they quickly go outside and play. They wait until the grandparents are out front and then get on Skype, hoping to sneak in a call without the grandparents being aware. The oil has now been scrubbed off of the webcam so their mom can see them, too. The mom is back home and tries telling them about her vacation and a fight with her boyfriend, but they quickly tell her that she needs to come and pick them up right now. She tells them, "Do you know how long it'd take to drive from here to there?" but they tell her to get in the car immediately and make her way to them. They say that their grandparents are scaring them; Nana tried to kill them with a butcher knife, and Pop-Pop put a gun in his mouth and she's afraid he's going to hurt himself. Tyler films the grandparents from the window so his mom can see them. The mom is now white-faced and tells them she has to tell them something and for them to listen. She says: "THOSE ARE NOT YOUR GRANDPARENTS!!!!" She asks if they've been staying with them all week and tries to call the local police but gets a recorded message (the station is closed). The mom complains that the hick town has an incompetent police department, and she's going to drive to come get them and will continue to try to call the police on the way. Heading out, she tells them to get somewhere safe but just then the grandparents return, and they shut down Skype. The grandparents suggest having a board game night, but the kids say they want to check something outside while the grandparents figure out the teams. They head for the yard only to see..... STACEY HANGING DEAD FROM A TREE! Nana appears and tells them they already have the teams... Old versus young. The kids are forced to play Yahtzee with the fake grandparents, who eerily pretend everything is normal, Nana complaining how competitive Pop-Pop is. They begin to play the game, but the grandparents are becoming more demented. Pop-Pop begins dressing up for the costume party again. Becca excuses herself from the game saying she's got to film something real quick. Pop-Pop is suspicious and angry. Nana gets excited and starts eating cookies frantically. She turns to the camera Tyler has placed on the table and screams "YAHTZEE!" Becca goes down to the basement, explaining to the viewer that she thinks her real grandparents have been trapped down there, and that's why Pop-Pop told them to stay away. She begins calling out for the real Nana and Pop-Pop but doesn't hear a response. In the corner, she sees a dumpster and hurries over to it. Inside are family photos of her real grandparents. She also sees something from Meadow Shade which she now learns is a MENTAL HOSPITAL. She digs some more and finds a hammer with blood and white hair on it and then sees..... THE CORPSES OF AN OLD WOMAN AND OLD MAN! Immediately behind her, Pop-Pop has appeared. He explains that he and the woman they know as Nana were mental patients and their real grandparents were volunteers. When they told them about their upcoming visit with their grandchildren, the two imposters decided it would be fun to experience in their place. But he is now determined to kill Becca. He chases Becca up into her room and locks her in. But she manages to defend herself, then busts the lock and escapes. Its past 9:30 PM. Nana is beginning to "sundown" and starts crawling around the couches, chasing Becca. Meanwhile, Pop-Pop comes down to the kitchen with Tyler, who is frozen in fear, just like during the peewee game. Pop-Pop tells him he's under a spell and tells Tyler he never liked him. He goes behind the kitchen counter and removes his pants while the frozen Tyler looks on. Simultaneously, Becca continues to be chased by Nana. Becca's hiding in the corner facing the mirror but as normal, she doesn't look at herself, so she's oblivious that Nana's creeping up on her. Nana smashes Becca's face into the mirror and pieces of glass shatter all around them. Becca picks up a shard of glass as Nana jumps on top of her, clawing at her. ' In the kitchen, Pop-Pop has now revealed that he's removed a dirty diaper. He comments that he's noticed Tyler doesn't like germs and then shoves the dirty adult diaper into Tyler's face. Meanwhile, Nana is on top of Becca, trying to kill her, but Becca stabs Nana to death with the glass shared. In the kitchen, Becca encourages Tyler to snap out of his frozen state, and he does, charging at Pop-Pop again and again and shouting as if he's tackling the big player on the peewee league. He has so much adrenaline that he pummels Pop-Pop to the ground and then smashes the refrigerator door against his head several times (unseen to the audience). The kids run outside to find their mom and police cars out front. They hug their mom as the old time music that Becca promised to play at an important moment in her film plays. Back home, the mom tells Becca that she used to be a great singer, and she could tell her mom was proud of her when she'd sing around the house as a kid. The fight happened because they didn't approve of her husband and when her mom blocked the door to keep her from leaving, she hit her mom and in response, her dad hit her. Stunned by the event, she stormed out and even though her parents tried to reconnect with her, she never talked to them again. She tells Becca not to hold on to anger. In response, we see the slideshow of Becca's dad that she previously said was banned from her documentary, played in full. As the credits roll, we see Becca brushing her hair while looking at herself in the mirror while Tyler performs a rap to camera about the events that took place over those five days, including getting a used adult diaper shoved in his face and how it took two bars of soap to feel clean again. He says it did not taste like chicken.
tt3521164
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
Using a tapa cloth to animate her story, Gramma Tala (Rachel House) tells a group of young children the story of the mother island Te Fiti. With her heart, Te Fiti possesses the power to create life and brings other islands into existence. However, other beings desired the power of her heart but only one was daring enough to take it. The demigod Maui (Dwayne Johnson), using his magical fish hook to shape shift into various creatures, travels to the mother island and steals Te Fiti's heart; a small, green gemstone engraved with a spiral. Without her heart, Te Fiti's island begins to deteriorate and sends forth a terrible darkness. Maui escapes on his boat but is confronted by Te Ka, a demon of lava and fire which rose from the sea like a volcano. Maui boldly engaged Te Ka in battle but was struck from the sky, losing both his hook and Te Fiti's heart to the sea. Gramma Tala finishes her story saying that, a thousand years later, Te Ka and other monsters still hunt for the heart while the darkness continues to spread until, one day, it will consume their island. At this, most of the children either cry or faint, but one girl is spellbound. Gramma Tala then says that, one day, someone will find the heart, journey beyond the island's reef, find Maui, and take him to restore the heart and save everyone. At that moment Chief Tui (Temuera Morrison), the little girl's father, enters and tells the children that there is no darkness or monsters and they are safe on their island as long as they stay within the reef. However, he accidentally hits a post that reveals multiple cloth paintings of monsters, sending the children into a panic. In the chaos the little girl, Moana (Louise Bush), slips away and goes down to the water. She sees a seashell wash up on shore and goes to collect it when she notices a baby sea turtle being menaced by a group of frigate birds. Leaving the shell, Moana shields the turtle with a large leaf and guides it to the water's edge. Once it's safe, a rippling effect washes over the surface of the ocean and the water recedes, revealing a trail of beautiful seashells which Moana gathers in her tiny arms. Within the canyon of water and surrounded by sea life and coral, a wave forms over Moana's head and looks curiously down at her. It plays with her, splashing her and tying her hair in a topknot. Then, in the water, Moana sees a shiny object drifting toward her. She plucks the glowing green stone from the water and trails her finger over the spiral design. Just then, her father calls for her and the ocean returns her to shore on a piece of driftwood, but Moana drops the stone. Before she can find it, Chief Tui picks her up and takes her back to the village along with her mother, Sina (Nicole Scherzinger). She tells Moana that she'll do wondrous things as the future chief. Growing up, Moana learns everything she needs to know about life on her island, Motonui (song: "Where You Are"), but she finds herself continuously drawn to the ocean. Every time she goes near it, her parents bring her back and remind her that to her duties and her people are where she belongs; not the sea. Her grandmother, Tala, however, encourages Moana to follow her heart and listen to the 'voice inside'; for that is who she truly is. Chief Tui then takes Moana, now grown, to the sacred peak of their island and shows her a tall pile of flattened stones which he and his forefathers placed to raise the island higher. One day, he says, Moana will place her own stone on the peak. Moana grows into her role as chief in training despite her inner wish to go to the sea and makes her rounds on the island: she fixes a leaking roof, provides support to a man getting a tattoo, and teaches children hula dancing. An elderly man points out a rooster named Heihei (Alan Tudyk) pecking and attempting to eat a rock and wonders if he should be eaten, but Moana says that, in some cases, one's strength is hidden beneath the surface. Then, a woman shows Moana and her parents that the coconut harvest has yielded blackened, rotten fruit. Moana chooses a new location to plant a grove but then a group of fisherman show the chief that their haul of fish has brought in nothing, despite changing their fishing rounds. Moana suggests fishing beyond the reef, but the notion angers her father who storms off. Sina goes to Moana and explains to her that Tui's reservation against the ocean comes from his youth when he took a boat to sea and was wrecked in a storm. His friend, who had begged to go, drowned. Tui doesn't want the same thing to happen to Moana but Sina tells her that she must make her own choices, however hard they are. Conflicted over her duties to her village and her dream to sail the sea (song: "How Far I'll Go"), Moana ultimately decides to finally take a canoe out to see if she can find any fish beyond the reef and takes her pet pig, Pua, with her. At first it seems she can sail with ease, but a wave knocks her canoe sideways and sends Pua overboard. Distracted, Moana fails to see another wave rise above her and flip her canoe over. Moana is submerged and gets her foot trapped within some coral but manages to free herself by smashing it with a rock. She makes it to shore, exhausted, and find Pua scared, but alive. Gramma Tala then walks up joking that whatever transpired should be blamed on the pig. Moana tries to hide her bruised ankle, but Tala isn't fooled and takes a look. However, she promises not to tell Moana's father. Moana says that Tui was right about going out there. She tells Tala that she's going to put her stone on the pile. Tala doesn't argue and goes to the water to dance with a school of manta rays, saying that when she dies she'll come back as one, or else she chose the wrong tattoo. Curious as to why her grandmother isn't contradicting her, Moana asks if there's something she wants to tell her. Tala takes Moana to a holed up cavern where, after removing some rocks, Moana finds a passageway. Tala says that Moana has heard all their people's stories but one. She tells her to follow the tunnel and bang the drum to find the answer to the question that's bothered her all her life: who is she meant to be? Moana follows Tala's instructions and finds a small fleet of boats and canoes hidden in the cavern behind a massive waterfall. She bangs the drum on the largest ship and sees a vision of her ancestors within the tapa sail. It reveals that they were voyagers who sailed the ocean finding new islands to inhabit (song: "We Know The Way"). Thrilled, Moana asks Tala why they stopped voyaging. Tala explains that when Maui stole the heart of Te Fiti and unleashed the darkness it made sailing too treacherous; boats stopped coming back. To save themselves, Moana's ancestors hid away their boats and decided to remain on Motonui. Tala then shows Moana a portion of their island which appears to have the very life from it being drained to sea. She then tells Moana that her stories were true; that someone will one day restore the heart and save everyone. Then, she presses a green stone into Moana's hand that she'd kept within her necklace, saying that she was there the day the ocean chose Moana to be the one to restore the heart. The ocean then rises up and playfully splashes Moana who was stunned to find out that the memory wasn't just a dream as she thought. Tala shows Moana a constellation of an enormous hook, saying that Maui will be beneath it. Moana laments that she doesn't know how to sail but realizes she knows who does. She runs to the master hut where Tui is addressing the council, trying to assure them they won't run out of food. When Moana interrupts and begs help to restore the heart, Tui leaves in anger and says he should have burned the boats in the cavern ages ago. He takes the stone from Moana's hand, saying it's merely a rock, and throws it into the bushes. When Moana retrieves it, she finds her grandmother's walking stick. Just then, a warrior calls to the chief. Tui and Moana run to their hut to find Tala lying in bed, unwell. Whispering, she tells Moana to take the heart and find Maui. She gives her the necklace to hold the heart in and tells Moana she'll always be with her. Moana leaves and her mother helps her pack. From the cavern, Moana takes the small canoe with a spiral painted on the sail. Once on the water, Moana looks back and sees her grandmother's spirit in the form of a manta ray flying toward her. It illuminates safe passage for her and Moana makes it to the sea. She struggles to sail properly, following the hook constellation, and even discovers that Heihei has stowed away. One night Moana's canoe capsizes just before a storm hits and Moana is washed up on a rocky island. Angry that the ocean didn't help her when she asked, Moana is still relieved that she didn't lose the heart of Te Fiti. Then, she notices hook-shaped marks dotting the rocks on the island and realizes that the ocean has delivered her to Maui. She ducks behind her canoe as Maui approaches, preparing herself, but Maui easily lifts the canoe with one hand, excited to see a boat. Moana confronts him but Maui interrupts and begins boasting about all his exploits (song: "You're Welcome"), using his Mini-Maui tattoo to show off his accomplishments displayed as numerous tattoos all over his body. Maui tricks Moana and traps her in the cave he lived in while he plans to commandeer her canoe, despite protests from Mini-Maui. Moana escapes the cave and jumps into the ocean as Maui sails away. Moana tries to catch up and is assisted by the ocean which deposits her quickly onto her canoe. Despite repeatedly throwing her overboard, Moana is returned to the boat by the ocean and she demands of Maui that he help her restore the heart. Maui tries to throw the heart away but the ocean throws it back at him. Then he tries to swim away, but the ocean puts him back. He claims that the stone is not a 'heart' but rather a curse that lost him his hook and that bad things are always trying to find it. At that moment, a spear lands on the boat, just missing Heihei. Behind them a massive object moves out of the fog. Maui recognizes the small coconut creatures and their large ship as Kakamora - tiny, mischievous pirates. Moana begs the ocean to help them, but Maui tells her that the ocean doesn't help; they help themselves. He is shocked to find out Moana can't sail and does all he can to evade the Kakamora, but they latch onto Moana's canoe with their spears and board the craft. They knock Moana down and the heart falls out of her necklace. Heihei gobbles it up but the Kakamora steal him. Maui tries to escape but Moana takes the oar and goes after Heihei. She manages to retrieve him in a flurry of paralyzing blow darts and zip-lines herself back to her canoe. She and Maui just barely escape as the Kakamora's boats collide into each other. Afterward, Maui is still hesitant to return the heart but Moana convinces him by saying that he would be restored to the hero he once was. She agrees to help him retrieve his hook before setting a course for Te Fiti and then asks him to teach her to sail. At first Maui refuses, but the ocean uses a leftover blow dart to paralyze Maui, forcing him to tell Moana what to do. He shows her how to wayfind, using celestial navigation. They make their way to a tall, rocky spire in the middle of the ocean. At the top is the entrance to Lalotai; the realm of monsters. Maui opens the entrance and he and Moana drop into the realm. Moana evades an array of monsters and eventually finds the entrance to the lair of Tamatoa, a creature Maui said would have his hook since he loves to collect shiny and valuable objects. Using her as bait, Maui sends Moana into the lair where Tamatoa captures her. While Maui sneaks up from behind, Moana distracts Tamatoa by inciting him to brag about himself and Tamatoa obliges (song: "Shiny"). Maui then takes his hook and attempts to shapeshift, but it's been so long that he can't control his powers. Tamatoa places Moana in a cage and focuses on Maui as he finishes his song. Then, Moana uses some bioluminescent algae to create a false heart of Te Fiti and distracts Tamatoa with it while she and Maui escape. Using a geyser, Maui and Moana are shot back to the surface. Back on top, Maui is sincere for once, humbled by the fact that he can't shapeshift. On the canoe, he tells Moana that they have no chance of defeating Te Ka, even with his hook back. Moana then asks him about a tattoo on his back that he noticed earlier but Maui is hesitant to talk about it. After some persistence, he gives in and tells Moana he earns his tattoos which show up magically. The one on his back was his first; he was born to human parents but they didn't want him and threw him into the sea. The gods took pity on him and made him the demigod Maui, giving him his fish hook. But Moana tells him that it's not the gods who make him Maui - it's him. With this renewed confidence, Maui tries shapeshifting again, starting small, and this time is able to control his powers. He teaches Moana how to sail properly and, by morning, compliments Moana on her abilities just as they reach Te Fiti. With the island in view, Moana gives Maui the heart and wishes him luck. He shifts into a hawk and flies toward the island but Te Ka rises up to confront him. Maui is knocked out of the sky once more and retreats to the canoe. Moana tries to sail past Te Ka despite Maui's protest. Te Ka lunges at them and Maui deflects with his hook but the force sends their canoe hurtling back out to sea. When she comes to, Moana finds Maui brooding over his broken hook. Distraught over this, Maui angrily blames Moana for not listening to him and says that one more hit to his hook will destroy it. He says he's done helping her, transforms into a hawk, and leaves. Saddened, Moana asks the sea why it brought her here and begs it to choose someone else, giving the heart back to it. She breaks down as she watches the heart sink into the depths but then sees a manta ray spirit swimming toward the canoe. Her grandmother appears and offers comfort, saying that if Moana wants to go home, she'll be with her. However, Moana hesitates and realizes that, in her heart, she was meant to do this (song: "I Am Moana"). She sees visions of her ancestors and, with their strength, dives into the sea and retrieves the heart. When she surfaces, her ancestors and grandmother are gone but she prepares the canoe, stows Heihei safely in the cargo, and sails back toward Te Fiti. At the barrier islands, she tricks Te Ka and speeds past the rocks, using the water to her advantage since Te Ka can't touch it. Te Ka then sends a giant wave her way, knocking her canoe over and is about to hit her with a blast of fire but Maui appears and defends Moana, giving her enough time to make it to Te Fiti. When she gets there, however, Moana finds that the entire island of Te Fiti is gone; the shape of the goddess gouged beneath the water all that remains. Turning back, she then notices a spiral symbol on Te Ka's chest and realizes the truth. Holding the heart above her, she grabs the attention of Te Ka before it's able to deal a blow to Maui, who has by now completely lost his hook. Moana tells the ocean to clear a path for Te Ka to reach her and goes to meet Te Ka face to face. Moana tells Te Ka that this is not truly who she is. Te Ka's fires go out as she calms down and Moana places the heart back within the spiral on Te Ka's chest. Restored, the lava rock falls away to reveal Te Fiti, lush and green once more. She returns to her island and takes Moana and Maui in her hand. Maui is apologetic for having taken Te Fiti's heart and the goddess rewards him with a brand new fish hook and gives Moana a new canoe to sail in. Then, the goddess is finally able to rest. Moana asks Maui to come back with her since her people will need a master wayfinder. Maui says they already have one and bids Moana farewell. Moana sails back to Motonui where the flowers and fruit are blossoming again since the darkness has been defeated. She is reunited with her people and her parents. The ocean gives her a pink seashell which Moana places on the sacred mountain before helping her people take the fleet of boats out to begin voyaging once again. She teaches them to sail and wayfind and revels in her new role with her grandmother's manta ray spirit guiding her and Maui flying beside her.
tt3530002
Comedy,Fantasy
Christmas Eve, 2001 Ethan Miller (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) just lost his parents in a car accident. His best friends Isaac Greenberg (Seth Rogen) and Chris Roberts (Anthony Mackie) stay by his side and start a tradition to hang out every Christmas Eve. In 2008, while out at a bar, the guys meet a woman that tells them they came from the craziest Christmas party ever - The Nutcracker Ball. For the next few years, the guys try to find out where the party takes place, but they never succeed. In the present day of 2015, Chris is now a famous football player that secretly uses steroids while Isaac is married to Betsy (Jillian Bell) and is expecting their first baby. Ethan is a struggling musician that has recently broken up with his girlfriend Diana (Lizzy Caplan) and works at a hotel dressed as an elf where he gets chewed out by his boss (Randall Park) for not acting enough like an elf. While tending to the coats, Ethan finds something in one of the pockets - three tickets to The Nutcracker Ball. Excited, Ethan runs out of work with the tickets. He calls the number on the tickets to find out the location of the party, only to be told by an automated message that the location will be announced at 10:00 PM. Isaac is at a party hosted by Betsy's sister Cindy (Helene Yorke). Ethan, already a little drunk, shows up before Chris arrives. Isaac and Chris want their yearly tradition to end now that their lives are moving in different directions, but they don't think Ethan is quite ready. Before they head out for the festivities, Betsy gives Isaac a box full of every drug known to man (weed, coke, shrooms, molly, etc.) Since Chris is the new face of Red Bull, he gets a huge limo to take them around for the night. The guys go in front of the tree in the city where Ethan shows off the tickets to his buddies. They plan to kick off the night by going to FAO Schwartz and dancing on the piano like Tom Hanks in "Big" to Kanye West's "Runaway". Chris calls his football buddy Tommy Owens (Aaron Hill), who is attending The Nutcracker Ball and requests that he bring weed. The guys call their dealer Mr. Green (Michael Shannon). He meets them in front of their old high school, and Chris has to go into the car to get the weed. Mr. Green shares some weed with Chris and tells him to go to a party he's throwing later, and to tell Isaac that he'll see him later. The guys go to a karaoke bar where the three of them sing "Christmas in Hollis" while wearing three festive sweaters that Ethan wants them to wear. They are met by Diana and her friend Sarah (Mindy Kaling). Ethan and Diana awkwardly catch up while Isaac is already tripping on shrooms. He runs into the bathroom to do coke and balance himself out, and then he makes a crazy video expressing his fears over becoming a dad. When he goes back to talk to Sarah, he gets them both drinks but his nose starts bleeding and a drop falls into Sarah's drink. She has a sip and doesn't realize what happened until Isaac's nose bleeds harder and he admits he did coke. Outside the bar, Chris talks to a fan named Rebecca (Ilana Glazer), who admittedly hates Christmas. The two have sex in the bathroom. Afterwards, Ethan calls the number on the tickets again and learns the address of the party. Chris then realizes that he doesn't have the weed on him anymore and that Rebecca must have stolen it from him during sex. They contact Mr. Green again and must wait for him in from of Chris's mother's house. Knowing Mr. Green will take a while, the guys go inside and quietly play N64. Isaac then goes to get the weed when Mr. Green shows up. He shares weed with Isaac and gives him a glimpse into the future. The two of them are at a strip club, and Betsy is sitting in the front. The dancer they are watching happens to be Isaac and Betsy's 18-year-old daughter, horrifying him even further about having a kid. When Isaac goes back inside the house, his phone's ringtone goes off, waking up Mrs. Roberts (Lorraine Toussant). She feeds the guys while Isaac continues to trip out. He then looks at his phone and receives a dick pic from a guy named James. Confused, Isaac responds and is propositioned by James. He then realizes he took Sarah's phone by mistake, and if Sarah is still upset about drinking Isaac's bloody martini, she will probably show Betsy the video Isaac made. Meanwhile, Chris tells his mom how Ethan is not over Diana, to which Mrs. Roberts states that he ought to take the opportunity on Christmas to make it up to her. After the guys leave, they spot Rebecca on the street. Chris forces his driver (Nathan Fielder) to chase after her to get his weed back. The driver runs a red light and the limo gets struck by a car. The guys run out and try to take a sleigh to catch up with Rebecca, but it's chained to a lamp post, causing the guys to go flying when the reindeer pull it. Isaac gets dragged across the street until he hits some cones. Chris runs after Rebecca himself, chasing her to the rooftop of a building. When he catches up to her, she tells him that he should go spend time with his friends instead of worrying about the weed. She then jumps off the building and lands in a dumpster before disappearing. Isaac goes to a church where he starts talking to the nativity display. He runs into Betsy and her family, who invite him to Midnight Mass, despite Betsy knowing how fucked up Isaac is. He continues to trip out in the church and hallucinates that a baby is cursing at him. He then panics when he sees Jesus on the cross and thinks that everyone is judging him because he's Jewish. Isaac gets nauseous and runs out to puke in front of the whole congregation. He runs away from the church. Meanwhile, Ethan wanders the streets alone and runs into two drunk guys (Jason Mantzoukas and Jason Jones) both dressed as Santa pissing in the street. Ethan criticizes them for mocking a Christmas tradition. He ends up getting into a fight with them, leaving him disgraced. He gets a phone call from Diana, who is already at The Nutcracker Ball, asking if Isaac has Sarah's phone. The guys meet up again and get on the subway to head to the party. Ethan is pissed at them for leaving him alone, and he argues with Chris as he refuses to wear his "Black Santa" sweater. The guys go to a bodega that holds a secret entrance to the party. Isaac returns Sarah's phone and gets his back. He then finds out that the James who sent the dick pics is none other than...Franco. He is still interested in sharing his dick with Isaac, though he declines. Chris runs into his football buddies and sees that they already had a ton of weed. They then make fun of Chris for the video of him performing karaoke with Ethan and Isaac. Ethan then spots Miley Cyrus and asks her to help him out with Diana, knowing she is a huge fan of Miley. Thinking Ethan wants to propose, Miley agrees to help. She gets onstage and performs "Wrecking Ball" with Ethan's help. Ethan then gives an impassioned speech to Diana and proposes to her. Under pressure, Diana says yes. However, when she pulls Ethan aside, she makes it clear that they are not engaged and that he cannot use her as a lifeline because his friends won't continue the tradition. Isaac, still tripping, accidentally knocks some people over with decorations and ends up impaling Tommy's hand with a broken glass. When the others try to beat him up, Chris threatens to film them and use his social media status to ruin them. They try to run away, but security takes them out of the party. Ethan goes on the roof in shame. He is encountered by Mr. Green, who has been hosting The Nutcracker Ball for the last 20 years. He gives Ethan a joint to smoke, and we see the guys on the first Christmas Eve after Ethan's parents died. Chris and Isaac went to his house to cheer him up. Ethan broke down crying and the guys stood by his side where they shared a joint. This brings Mr. Green to tears, and he tells him to rejoin his friends. Ethan sees the guys arguing with the bouncers and he goes to join them. As the morning hits, the guys reconcile, but Isaac sees that he has 96 missed calls from Betsy. He gets another calls and hears she is going into labor. The guys race to the hospital and takes Mr. Green's car. Mr. Green decides he's earned his wings, which sprout from his back so he can fly away. The guys make it to the hospital, only for Isaac to learn from Cindy that it was just a false alarm. He then joins Betsy, and he shows her the video he made. She laughs at it and admits that she is just as terrified to have a kid as he is, but they know they'll work together to raise the kid when it is born. He's STILL tripping, so he sees Betsy look like a dragon. The guys spend Christmas at Isaac's home with the family. Chris goes to have dinner with his mother later where he admits to his steroid use. Ethan goes to Diana's parents' house and apologizes for how he acted and for not being ready to get serious. Diana admits she missed Ethan and always asked Betsy about him. The two kiss and she invites him to finally meet her parents. One year later, the guys and their loved ones are spending Christmas together. Isaac's baby can't sleep, so the guys go serenade her with "Christmas in Hollis". The baby claps to it, and the story ends, which was all told from a book read by Santa (Tracy Morgan). He is sitting with his elves and Mr. Green, who is his son. Santa then decides to kick off a little Christmas party of his own.
tt3691740
Adventure,Family,Fantasy
The film starts at an orphanage in London, England. Little Sophie (Ruby Barnhill) is awake at what she calls "the witching hour", which is when the boogeyman shows up. She looks out a window and sees four men drunkenly fooling around in the streets. Sophie yells at them and threatens to calls the cops on them. Sophie walks back toward her bed and hears another sound from a different window. She sees cats running through the trash and knocking over a bin. A very large hand picks the bin up. Sophie sees a giant man (Mark Rylance) walking by. She gasps, and he hears her. The giant sticks his hand in the window and picks Sophie out of her bed. He sneaks through the streets undetected and runs all the way back to his home in Giant Country. The giant (called the Big Friendly Giant of BFG for short) drops Sophie onto a table while he starts to chop up a gross-looking vegetable called a snozzcumber. Sophie thinks the BFG is going to eat her, but he says he doesn't eat children or people. BFG says he took Sophie to keep her from spreading word of a giant sighting for fear that the humans may hunt him down. BFG also speaks with an unusual vocabulary (his "right and wrong" is "right and left", for example). After Sophie understands that he is non-threatening, BFG reads her a book and she falls asleep. He then goes to his collection of dreams that he's captured in jars. Sophie dreams that she has been taken by an even bigger giant that eats her while BFG stands in the distance, unable to do anything. When she wakes up, BFG explains that he gave her the dream. BFG drinks a fizzy green drink called frobscottle, which has bubbles going down instead of up. It also causes "whizpoppers" (literally explosive farts). Moments later, the same giant from Sophie's dream, Fleshlumpeater (Jemaine Clement), enters BFG's home. He and the other far taller giants frequently taunt BFG and call him "runt" since he is significantly smaller compared to the rest. Sophie hides in the snozzcumber, which Fleshlumpeater picks up. He nearly takes a bite until BFG reminds him he hates vegetables. Fleshlumpeater takes the frobscottle and leaves. BFG takes the goo-covered Sophie to clean herself. He gives her some spares clothes from a pile for her to put on. She puts on a red coat that belonged to another child that BFG had befriended until he was eaten by one of the other giants. BFG then shows Sophie all the types of dreams he has collected. BFG prepares to take Sophie to the hill where he collects dreams, but he has to pass Fleshlumpeater and his band of giant goons as they sleep. BFG and Sophie sneak away, but BFG is caught by one of the giants. Sophie hides inside a truck. The giants begin tossing BFG around like a football. They stop when it starts raining, as they are terrified of it. Sophie unintentionally leaves a blanket behind, which Fleshlumpeater finds and sniffs, knowing there's a human around. BFG and Sophie make it to the hill. They jump into a lake that brings them into the realm of dreams. One particular dream whizzes by BFG, and he cannot catch it. Sophie manages to get it, and BFG says it is her dream. The two go into London so BFG can demonstrate how he gives people dreams. BFG puts a dream into his trumpet and gives a boy a dream where he receives a phone call from the U.S. president. When BFG realizes Sophie's blanket was most likely found by the other giants, he feels it's no longer safe for her to stay with him since other children that he took care of were eventually taken and eaten by Fleshlumpeater and his friends. BFG returns Sophie to the orphanage. At night, she calls to him. He hears her and decides to bring her back. The giants all burst into BFG's home and begin trashing the place, letting his dreams run loose as they break things. BFG has had enough, and he scares them away with fire and water. Sophie comes up with an idea when she sees a portrait of Queen Elizabeth (Penelope Wilton) in BFG's home. Together, they concoct a nightmare where the giants are taking and eating children, whereupon the Queen will meet Sophie as she sits on the windowsill. After the dream is made up, the two head to Buckingham Palace and place the dream in the Queen's head. She has the nightmare and wakes up, alerting her maid Mary (Rebecca Hall) and butler Mr. Tibbs (Rafe Spall). As the Queen describes the dream, Mary sees a newspaper headline mentioning the disappearance of children in London. Sophie then makes her presence known to the three of them at the window. Since the Queen has already seen this in her dream, she allows it and then realizes Sophie is with BFG. Sophie calls for him, but he is afraid to come out. Mr. Tibbs calls the royal guards out as BFG steps out. The Queen orders Tibbs to have them stand down, which they do. Sophie formally introduces everyone to BFG, and she tells the Queen they need her help. The Queen has her staff prepare a meal for Sophie and BFG. BFG is elated to eat something other than snozzcumbers for once. The Queen brings in her soldiers after Sophie explains that the giants in her dream are real and that they are indeed taking children. The plan is to head into Giant Country and capture the villainous giants. BFG then pours a few glasses of frobscottle for the Queen, Tibbs, some staff members, and even the dogs. Explosive farts follow. BFG and Sophie wait for the giants to be asleep so they can plant nightmares into their heads. However, BFG left his trumpet behind. Sophie runs into the field with a jar of nightmares and lets them fly into the giants' mouths. Only Fleshlumpeater isn't affected. He prepares to attack, but the soldiers arrive in time and capture him and the rest of the giants. They are dropped onto a remote island where they are forced to eat nothing but snozzcumbers for the rest of their days. In the end, Sophie finds a home in the Queen's palace under Mary's care. She narrates on a dream she says she had where she saw BFG's home, which now has a garden where he grows better vegetables (and still a few snozzcumbers). She opens the window and calls out, "Good morning, BFG!" In his home, he hears her and he smiles.
tt3183660
Adventure,Family,Fantasy
In the year 1926 in the Harry Potter universe, the dark wizard Gellert Grindelwald is terrorizing the magical community. Witches and wizards from all over the world are on high alert as he prepares to launch his next attack. Newt Scamander (Eddie Redmayne) travels from London to New York City with a briefcase full of magical creatures, or fantastic beasts. When he arrives, his case is inspected by a customs official, but Newt is able to hide the magic from muggle eyes. Some men are inspecting a building downtown that has been torn through. The auror Percival Graves (Colin Farrell) comes by to see the damage. An unseen force runs underground and destroys part of the street. As he walks through the city, Newt comes across Mary Lou Barebone (Samantha Morton), a fundamentalist and leader of the Second Salemers, an anti-magic group. With her adopted children -- Credence (Ezra Miller), Modesty (Faith Wood-Blagrove), and Chastity (Jenn Murray) -- she spreads a hateful message about magic folk and how they need to be exterminated. As she tries to get Newt to join her, a niffler escapes from his case when it sees a shiny silver coin. It makes its way into the bank, forcing Newt to go after it. Inside the bank, Newt meets Jacob Kowalski (Dan Fogler), a factory worker who is there to apply for a loan so he can open a bakery. Newt runs off when he sees the niffler, leaving behind an occamy egg that Jacob picks up. Newt tries to catch the niffler while Jacob meets with a bank employee to get the loan, but since he uses baked goods as collateral instead of something valuable, he is denied. Before Newt can grab the niffler, Jacob notes that the egg is hatching. Newt uses his wand to pull Jacob toward him, which is seen by Porpentina Goldstein (Katherine Waterston), an American witch. Newt and Jacob find the niffler in the bank vault just as a bank employee catches them. Newt petrifies him and gets the niffler to drop all the things it stole before he apparates himself and Jacob out of the bank. Newt prepares to obliviate Jacob and wipe his memories, but Jacob grabs his case and hits Newt in the face before running off. Tina catches Newt and takes him with her after seeing what he's been carrying. Tina brings Newt to the headquarters of the Magical Congress of the United States of America (MACUSA) because he was using magic in front of no-majes (the American term for muggles). The MACUSA president, Seraphina Picquery (Carmen Ejogo), is not happy to see Tina there since she was once an auror but was dismissed due to a previous incident. Tina takes Newt to her old office and is confronted by Graves and other aurors. When Graves demands to see what's in the suitcase, they find that Newt grabbed Jacob's case full of pastries. Jacob brings Newt's case to his apartment and accidentally opens it, setting loose a few of the creatures, including the niffler. Mary Lou is seen operating an orphanage where she teaches children about the evils of the magical community. Modesty sings songs about killing witches, while Credence suffers physical and emotional abuse from Mary Lou. She takes the children to meet Langdon Shaw (Ronan Raftery), brother of Senator Henry Shaw, Jr. (Josh Cowdery). Langdon brings Mary Lou and the kids to meet Henry and their father, Henry Sr. (Jon Voight), but both he and the senator dismiss the Barebones as freaks, which appears to irk Credence. Credence meets in secrecy with Graves, who needs Credence's help in locating a child with immense powers. In return, Graves promises that he'll help Credence get away from the abusive Mary Lou. Newt and Tina find Jacob's building, which has been partially destroyed. Jacob has been attacked by a murtlap, which has scratched his neck. Newt grabs the creature and throws him back into his case, while repairing the apartment. He and Tina take Jacob with them away from the apartment. The three go to Tina's apartment, which she shares with her younger sister Queenie (Alison Sudol), an expert legilimens (she can read minds). Jacob is immediately smitten with her, and Queenie can see it but she doesn't mind. Newt and Jacob go to rest in their room, but Newt hops inside his briefcase and invites Jacob to join him. Newt gives Jacob a treatment for his neck wound and then shows him the various habitats made for the creatures that dwell in there. Newt shows Jacob a thunderbird named Frank, which Newt claims is the main reason he traveled to America: he wants to return Frank to his natural habitat in Arizona. Jacob comes across a particularly dark entity encased in a bubble, called an obscurial, which Newt orders Jacob to stay away from. He then asks for Jacob's help in retrieving the missing creatures. Jacob agrees. Newt and Jacob go on the town and find the niffler trying to rob a jewelry store. Newt chases the niffler through the store, causing significant damage to the whole place. The cops arrive as Newt catches it. The cops are distracted when they see a lion walking through the streets, giving Newt a chance to apparate himself and Jacob out of there. The guys continue walking through the city and see other zoo animals running loose. They see another creature, a huge erumpent, wandering around. Newt gives Jacob a helmet in preparation for catching the beast, then does a bizarre mating dance to lure it toward him. The erumpent sees Jacob and goes after him instead, but Newt manages to pull it back into the briefcase. Tina, who has gone looking for the guys after seeing they weren't in their room, sees them catching the erumpent. A conference is held for Senator Shaw as part of his bid for presidency. A rumbling shakes the entire building before an unseen and powerful force sweeps through the place, grabs Shaw, and slams him to the floor, killing him. Henry Sr. goes over to his son's body while Langdon knows it's the work of witches. Tina brings Newt's briefcase to the MACUSA as they are gathered with other witches and wizards from around the world in the wake of Shaw's death. Tina opens the briefcase to let Newt and Jacob out. When the aurors learn that an obscurial was responsible for Shaw's death, and that Newt and Tina have let Jacob, a no-maj, become aware of their world, Graves confiscates the briefcase and has the three arrested. Graves interrogates Newt about the obscurial in his briefcase. Believing him to be a fanatic of Grindelwald's in his agenda to put the magical community above the non-magic community through murderous means, Graves sentences Newt and Tina to death. Queenie overhears this as she reads Tina's mind. While locked up, Newt explains to Tina and Jacob that an obscurial is a dark force created out of a magical child's suppression of their powers. The children who conjure up obscurials don't live past the age of 10. Newt and Tina are brought into a room where they are to be placed into a pool that will kill them. One of the witches extracts some of Tina's memories. One shows her as a child; in another she attacks Mary Lou and tries to comfort Credence. Before Tina is killed, Newt unleashes one of the creatures in the room to escape with Tina. When Queenie shows up, they get Jacob and she sneaks them out in the briefcase. At the Barebone home, Credence is growing more and more unstable. He finds a wand in Modesty's room, which Mary Lou sees and thinks belongs to him. She gets ready to beat him again until Modesty admits the wand was hers. The obscurial gets loose and kills Mary Lou before destroying the rest of the house, leaving only Credence and Modesty alive. Graves later finds Credence and urges him to find Modesty, since Graves now believes she is the child that he foresaw. Newt, Tina, Jacob, and Queenie go to a magic speakeasy in Harlem called the Blind Pig. They ask the owner, a goblin gangster named Gnarlack (Ron Perlman), for information on finding the last missing beast, a demiguise that Newt named Dougal. Gnarlack wants something in trade, and he has his eyes set on a little bowtruckle resting in Newt's jacket pocket. Newt reluctantly hands over the bowtruckle, which reaches out for Newt. Gnarlack tells them to go searching in a Macy's. Almost immediately, Gnarlack reveals that he sold the heroes out to the MACUSA, who come in and go after the heroes. Jacob punches Gnarlack in the face before they have to escape. The heroes go to the Macy's and find Dougal, who is looking after an occamy (a large, winged, serpentine creature) hiding up on the ceiling. It causes trouble in the store for the heroes, but Newt tells Jacob and Tina to get an insect and a teapot. Jacob gets a roach and Tina grabs a teapot; Jacob tosses the roach into the teapot, allowing them to catch the occamy as it shrinks and is caught in the teapot. Inside the briefcase, Queenie sees a picture of a girl named Leta Lestrange (Zoë Kravitz), who has an old connection to Newt. He doesn't want to talk about it as their relationship seems to have ended unhappily. Graves and Credence find Modesty in her old family home. When Graves makes it clear that he will not help Credence despite his promises, Credence's rage intensifies, and it turns out that he is the one who has been possessed by the obscurial. His advanced age has allowed him to build up his power, making him the most powerful obscurial alive. Credence sets off through the city streets, leaving a trail of destruction behind him. Newt goes after Credence since he knows the aurors will kill him without knowing the truth about him. He tracks Credence to an underground subway station and soothes him back into his normal form. But when Graves, Tina, and the aurors all arrive, Credence returns to his obscurial form. Although Newt and Tina urge the aurors to let them handle Credence, Picquery orders them to kill Credence. They fire their wands at Credence and destroy him. Graves then berates the aurors for their rules and handling of the magical and non-magical communities. Picquery orders Graves to hand over his wand and surrender, but he defies her and fights the other aurors. He is able to protect himself against their blasts, but he is subdued by Newt and is bound. Newt uses the Revelio charm on Graves, revealing him to be none other than Grindelwald (Johnny Depp). He is promptly arrested. Newt uses Frank to take a potion into the sky so that it can rain over all the no-majes nearby and obliviate them. Picquery thanks Newt for what he did, but reminds him that Jacob has to be obliviated as well, since there are no exceptions. Jacob tearfully says goodbye to Newt, Tina, and Queenie, then asks Newt why he let him stick around. Newt says he likes Jacob and thinks of him as a friend. Jacob stands in the rain, but Queenie steps in with her wand to create an umbrella to kiss Jacob. When he opens his eyes, the three are gone. Jacob returns to his old factory job, still unhappy with where he is. Newt bumps into him and drops a briefcase full of occamy egg shells, which are made of silver, and a note explaining this so that Jacob can use it as collateral to open his bakery. Newt is going back to London and says goodbye to Tina at the ship terminal. He promises to return with a manuscript of his book, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, so he can personally give it to Tina. A while later, Jacob's bakery business is booming, as he has fashioned his pastries to look like some of the beasts he vaguely remembers encountering. Queenie visits the shop. Jacob sees her and appears to remember her a little.
tt2948356
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
In the town of Bunnyburrow, 9 year old bunny, Judy Hopps (Della Saba) is performing in a school play. Her theme explains that animals, once primitive and wild, have now evolved to where predators and prey can live side by side in harmony. The founding mammal city, Zootopia, is hailed as a place where anyone can be anything. Judy then announces that she wants to be a police officer. A kid fox in the audience, Gideon Grey (Phil Johnston), sneers at the idea and even Judy's parents, Bonnie and Stu (Bonnie Hunt and Don Lake) tell her that there's never been a bunny officer. However, Judy is willing to try against all odds. When Judy sees Gideon bullying some kids by taking their fair tickets she boldly confronts him, but Gideon responds by taunting Judy's dreams and slashing her in the face. He leaves and, though she's hurt, Judy shows her friends the tickets she got back and declares that she doesn't know when to quit. Years later Judy attends the Zootopia Police Academy. Judy is tiny compared to the other recruits and faces difficulties managing the obstacle courses run by the drill sergeant (Fuschia!). But through sheer determination, and by using her wits, Judy makes it to graduation as valedictorian. Zootopia Mayor Lionheart (J.K. Simmons) oversees the ceremony and Assistant Mayor Bellwether (Jenny Slate), a sheep, formally congratulates Judy as the first bunny police officer, saying it's a big day for all small animals. She is assigned to Precinct 1 in the heart of Zootopia, much to the apprehension of her parents. A few days after, Judy, her parents, and many siblings head to the train station. Stu convinces Judy to take a can of fox repellent with her before she gets on the train to Zootopia. Judy listens to a hit by pop singer, Gazelle (Shakira), as she zooms through the diverse districts of the city, from the frozen tundra to the sultry rainforest. She finds her apartment, a run-down single room with a rickety bed, paper-thin walls, and two noisy neighbors, Bucky and Pronk Oryx-Antlerson (Byron Howard and Jared Bush). Despite this, she's all to excited for her first day. She gets up bright and early and makes it to the police station where she is directed to role call by the pudgy desk sergeant, a cheetah named Benjamin Clawhauser (Nate Torrence). All the other officers (elephants, rhinos, hippos, and bears) tower over Judy. Police Chief Bogo (Idris Elba) calls them to order and explains their first priority is handling the case of fourteen missing animals; all predators. Bogo divides everyone into teams but assigns Judy to parking duty. Judy is disappointed but sets her standards high and uses her sharp ears to help her write 200 tickets before noon. Around then, she notices a fox who appears to be up to something enter a local ice cream shop run by Jerry Jumbeaux Jr. (John DiMaggio). Though suspicious at first, Judy then sees the fox, Nick Wilde (Jason Bateman), is just trying to purchase a jumbo-pop for his son who is wearing an elephant costume. Jerry refuses service to the fox with sneering bigotry and this angers Judy who steps in and proposes a compromise; she'll let the elephants off with a warning for the health code violation of serving ice cream without gloves on their trunks if Nick can have a jumbo-pop. When Nick confesses he doesn't have his wallet, and apologizes to his son for the worst birthday, Judy goes further and pays for the treat. She tells Nick she can't stand it when people are mistreated for being predators or prey and walks away with a spring in her step, happy to have helped someone in need. Later that day, Judy is writing more tickets when she notices the little fox in his elephant suit. She approaches to say hello but then notices that he and Nick are melting the jumbo-pop from the roof of a building and letting the drippings collect in large jars. They drive away together, with the little fox at the wheel. Judy follows them into Tundratown and sees them making mini pops with the melted juice. They take them into the Savannah District and sell them to hamsters coming out of work. The hamsters chomp on the pops and leave the sticks in a recycling bin. The little fox collects the sticks and he and Nick take them to a construction zone in Little Rodentia where they're sold as lumber. Later, Nick and his 'son', a full-grown fennec fox named Finnick (Tommy 'Tiny' Lister), part ways and Judy confronts Nick. Nick doesn't deny that he's a hustler but provides Judy with all the paperwork he needs to make his endeavors technically legal and humbles her by saying that the city is not a magical land where dreams come true and a meter maid can never be a real cop. Judy returns to her apartment, sullen, and bears through an inadvertently insulting call from her parents who are thoughtlessly relieved to see she is not a "real cop" in their eyes and has instead the safest job on the force. The next day, Judy is writing more tickets and enduring unending verbal abuse from the citizenry for her duty when she is approached by a frantic pig (Josh Dallas) who tells her he's just been robbed. Judy springs into action and chases the thieving weasel (Alan Tudyk) through the city square and into Little Rodentia. During the chase, in which Judy has to take considerable pains to avoid accidental harm to the tiny citizenry and their property, Duke kicks a plastic doughnut from a shop toward Judy and it nearly crushes a lady shrew, but Judy stops it in the nick of time and uses the doughnut to apprehend the weasel. Judy rolls him into the station but is called to Bogo's office. He reprimands her for leaving her post and endangering the public to retrieve a bag of moldy onions. Judy objects, saying that the 'onions' are actually flower bulbs called Midnicampum holicithias and that she only wanted to serve as a real cop. However, Chief Bogo responds that she had her orders as a parking attendant and disobeyed them, making a political appointee like her intolerable to him. Just then, an otter named Mrs. Otterton (Octavia Spencer) barges in, begging Chief Bogo to find her husband, Emmitt, who has been missing for ten days. Bogo offers empty assurances until Judy steps up and promises to find him. Bogo escorts Mrs. Otterton out of the office before firing Judy for insubordination. However, when he opens the door again, he finds Mrs. Otterton speaking with Assistant Mayor Bellwether who promptly sends a notice to the mayor about Judy's willingness to take the case and tells Judy to come to her for any assistance. Bogo reluctantly allows Judy to take the case but gives her a 48 hour ultimatum; she finds the otter or resigns. Judy agrees. At the front desk, Clawhauser gives Judy the case file but there are no leads or witnesses and, since she's new, she has no technological resources. However, Judy notices in the lone photograph they have that Emmitt is eating a familiar looking popsicle. She locates Nick on the streets and demands his help but he refuses. When she says his ten dollars' worth of mini pops can wait, he claims to have made two hundred a day since he was twelve. Judy records Nick on her carrot pen recorder and puts his own words against his tax files which show he's claimed zero income. Judy says she'll report him for tax evasion, a federal offense, unless he helps her. Finnick, who was asleep in the stroller Nick was pushing, laughs at the reverse hustle and wishes Nick good luck working with the fuzz before walking off. Nick takes Judy to Mystic Springs Oasis, the last place he saw Otterton going. They're met by a yak named Yax (Tommy Chong), doing yoga behind a desk. He recognizes Mr. Otterton but says he hasn't seen him in a couple of weeks. He then takes them into the oasis to find Emmitt's yoga instructor, an elephant named Nangi (Gita Reddy), and Judy is shocked to find the oasis is a haven for naturalists; nude animals. Nangi has no memory of Otterton, but Yax unwittingly gives Judy all the information she needs, including the plate number for the car Otterton was picked up in the last time he was there. Nick says he has a friend at the DMV who can help them run the plate number. There, Judy is disheartened to see that the DMV is run solely by sloths. Nick's friend, Flash (Raymond S. Persi) is able to run the plate number for them but, naturally, takes forever to do so. This isn't helped when Nick, in an attempt to push Judy's buttons, delays them with a joke. By the time they exit, it's nighttime. Judy finds out the car in question is a limo in Tundratown but, by the time she and Nick arrive, the lot's closed. Without a warrant, Judy cannot get in. Defeated, she holds out her recording pen to Nick but flings it over the fence. Nick goes to retrieve it and Judy meets him on the other side, slyly saying that she doesn't need a warrant if she has probable cause - and a shifty-looking fox climbing over the gate qualifies. They locate the limo and search it, finding polar bear fur, claw marks all over the back seat, and Otterton's wallet. Then, Nick recognizes an insignia on a drinking glass and panics; he knows who's car this is. When they open the car door to leave they're confronted by a couple of polar bears who shove them into a car. Squeezed in the back seat between two polar bears, Nick explains that the car belongs to a thug boss named Mr. Big with whom he's not on good terms because Nick sold him an expensive rug made from the fur of a skunk's butt. Nick and Judy are brought into a study where Mr. Big (Maurice LaMarche), a shrew, is carried in by his polar bear guards. He berates Nick for tarnishing his trust and the hospitality of his grandmother who he recently buried in the skunk rug, and scolds him for returning on the day of his daughter's wedding. Unafraid, Judy steps forward and tells Mr. Big that she knows Emmitt Otterton was with him last and will find out what happened to him if it's the last thing she does. Unfazed, Mr. Big orders his bears to 'ice' Nick and Judy and they're held over a trap door in the floor that reveals icy water. Mr. Big's daughter, Fru Fru (Leah Latham), then walks in wearing her wedding dress and recognizes Judy as the bunny that saved her the previous day from being crushed by the doughnut. In gratitude, Mr. Big releases Judy and Nick and invites them to Fru Fru's wedding reception where he explains that Otterton was his florist but, before meeting with him to discuss something important, went crazy in the limo he sent, attacked his driver, and disappeared. Mr. Big directs them to speak with the driver, Manchas (Jesse Corti), in the Rainforest District for more information. Manchas, a melanistic jaguar, cracks open the door when Nick and Judy arrive, showing scratches all over his face and acting fearful. He tells them that Otterton kept talking about the 'night howlers' before he went wild and savagely attacked him. Nick says they're there to talk about the night howlers too and Manchas agrees to let them in but, just after he unlocks the chain, Judy and Nick hear him groan followed by a thud. They push the door open to see Manchas on all fours, growling viciously at them. Nick and Judy run for their lives, pursued closely by Manchas. Judy manages to call for backup as she and Nick tumble and fall through the slick canopy. Finally, Judy is able to cuff Manchas to a light pole near a gondola station and throws herself and Nick off it into some vines away from the jaguar's claws. They meet up with the responding police units and Judy explains to Chief Bogo that she believes Manchas, like Otterton, went 'savage'. However, when she takes them back to the gondola station, Manchas is gone. Bogo, irritated and not believing Judy's story demands her to hand over her badge for failing to complete her assignment, but Nick stands up for Judy. He says that Bogo gave them 48 hours, which means they have ten left to find Otterton. He takes Judy onto a gondola and they leave. Over the rainforest, Nick explains that he was idealistic like Judy once. As a kid, he wanted nothing more than to join the Junior Ranger Scouts. His mother bought him a new uniform and he was excited to become part of the group, despite the fact that he was the only predator to join. Upon arriving, however, the other animals bullied and muzzled him, saying that he was stupid for thinking they'd trust a fox. After that day he decided he would never let anyone see that they had gotten to him and if people only thought of foxes as shifty and untrustworthy, then that's what he would be. Judy consoles him but Nick deflects from her affections by looking at traffic below. He then realizes that there are traffic cameras all over the canopy and they can use them to find out where Manchas was taken. Judy recalls that Assistant Mayor Bellwether offered to help them. They meet her at City Hall and she takes them to her office which is nothing more than a janitor's closet. Despite her upbeat personality, it's no secret that she's woefully mistreated by the Mayor. She opens the database for the Rainforest District traffic cameras before being called away by Lionheart. Judy and Nick find the footage of Manchas and see that he was netted and hauled away by timber wolves. Judy realizes that the wolves must be the Night Howlers. They watch as the wolves' van drives through a tunnel but fails to come out the other side. Nick says that there's a maintenance tunnel and, if he were to do anything illegal, that's the route he'd take to avoid observation. They relocate the van and go to where it was headed - an old building outside of town called Cliffside Asylum. Nick and Judy make it past the guards by inciting a group howl; something the wolves can't resist. Inside, they find new equipment in an old hospital ward. Following claw marks on the floor, they find fifteen cells inhabited by various predators, all feral and savage, including Manchas and Mr. Otterton. Judy realizes she's just found all of the missing mammals but, just then, Mayor Lionheart enters with a badger doctor (Katie Lowes). Judy and Nick hide in an empty cell and Judy records Lionheart as he demands to know why predators are going savage. The doctor has no answer and says that they must come forward to Chief Bogo but the Mayor refuses, saying his reputation as a predator official is at stake. At that moment, Judy's phone rings with a call from her parents. Lionheart is startled and the doctor orders security to investigate before locking off the wing. Nick and Judy escape by flushing themselves down a toilet just before the guards arrive and they manage to get the evidence Judy recorded back to Bogo. The ZPD arrive at the asylum and place everyone, including the Mayor, under arrest. Lionheart protests that they still don't know why predators are going savage and he was trying to protect the public. Later, Chief Bogo, deeply impressed at Hopp's achievement, holds a press conference where Judy gives Nick her pen recorder and offers him the chance to sign up as her partner. Nick is flattered and watches as Judy is called to the stand to answer some questions. Judy starts simple, mentioning that all the savage mammals are predators, but when pressed as to why, she speculates that it could be something to do with their DNA. As predators, the inflicted may have reverted back to their primal origins. The reporters go into a frenzy before Bellwether shuts down the conference. Judy is relieved to be off the podium but Nick is angered by what she said. Judy says she was just stating facts but Nick asks her if a fox such as himself should indeed be trusted. When he raises his arms, asking if Judy is afraid of him, she instinctively puts her hand on her fox repellent. He hands her back the application, telling her that it's best she doesn't have a predator for a partner, before leaving. A wedge is driven between the predator and prey populations, with prey acting fearful against all predators. Gazelle hosts a peaceful protest against discrimination, despite backlash, and savage attacks continue in the city as more predators go primal. Judy feels responsible for the ensuing tensions between the animals and goes to see Mrs. Otterton where she's watching Emmitt meander mindlessly in his hospital room. At the police station, Judy is summoned by Bogo to see the new mayor, Bellwether. Bellwether explains that with the population in Zootopia being 90% prey, she wants Judy as the face of the ZPD to inspire hope. But Judy claims that she's no hero and says she's done the opposite of what she wanted; to make the world a better place. She says a good cop should help the city, not tear it apart, and hands over her badge before leaving. Judy returns to Bunnyburrow where she manages her parent's vegetable stand. She wonders aloud to them how she ever thought she could make a difference but they console her as a pie truck pulls up. As the driver, a grown Gideon Grey, gets out, Judy's parents explain that they've partnered up with him and never would have done so had Judy not opened their eyes. Gideon apologizes to Judy for what he did when he was younger, stating that his own insecurities manifested into unchecked rage, but Judy forgives him and says she knows a thing or two about being a jerk. Just then, some bunny children run through the field behind them and Judy's father warns them to stay away from the growing Midnicampum holicithias near the edge. Gideon laughs and says his family just called them night howlers. Judy perks up at this and her father explains that the flowers keep away pests but are toxic. His brother Terry ate one and went into a rage, biting Judy's mother. Judy realizes that the night howlers weren't the wolves - they were flowers. Not only that, but they make animals go savage. She grabs the keys to the truck and races back to Zootopia. She finds Finnick and he points her to Nick, sitting in the sun beside a small bridge. Judy runs up to him and reveals the truth about the night howlers but he walks away. Desperate, Judy apologizes to him and says she needs his help. She begins to cry and admits that she was a jerk to him and really is a dumb bunny as he once said. Nick doesn't seem to react until he replays a recording of her repentance and holds up her pen recorder enabling that and smiles, saying he'll erase it after 48 hours, before embracing a profoundly relieved Judy. They climb into the truck and Nick helps himself to some of Judy's blueberries while she shows him a picture of the weasel thief she caught stealing the Midnicampum holicithias; Duke Weaselton. They find him on a street corner selling bootleg DVDs such as 'Wrangled', 'Pig Hero 6', and 'Meowana'. Judy confronts him and demands to know what he was doing with the night howler flower bulbs, but he says he won't talk. Judy and Nick smile slyly and take the weasel to Mr. Big. Duke is incredulous as to why Mr. Big would help a cop, but Mr. Big smiles and says Judy is the godmother of his future grandchild. A very pregnant Fru Fru says she's going to name her daughter after Judy. On threat of being iced, Duke relents and confesses he sold bulbs to a ram named Doug who works out of an abandoned rail station. Nick and Judy follow the directions to a rusty subway car underground. They sneak inside and find Doug (Rich Moore) in a yellow jumpsuit preparing the blue flowers and harvesting them chemically to produce a serum which he puts into fragile pellets. He loads a pellet into a gun as his phone rings, telling him his next mark is a cheetah in Sahara Square. He assures the caller he can make the hit since he was able to get an otter in a moving car. He places the gun in a briefcase and goes to answer a knock at the back of the car, saying that Woolter and Jesse have come back with coffee. Judy takes the opportunity to knock Doug out of the car and locks the door before ordering Nick to get the car moving. With some finagling, they're able to start it and the car moves down the track, slowly gaining speed. Judy is intent on bringing the evidence to police headquarters but two rams jump onto the moving car. They manage to knock Jesse off the car inside the tunnel, grazing him as he hugs the wall and shaving his belly pink. Woolter head-butts his way into the front of the car as they make their way outside but they soon face another oncoming train. Judy tells Nick to speed up and kicks Woolter into a switch lever just in time, but they are traveling too fast around the next curve and the car derails into the next empty station. Judy and Nick jump from the car as the friction causes it to go up in flames and watch from the platform as it explodes. Judy thinks all the evidence is destroyed but Nick holds up the briefcase with the gun inside. They run upstairs out of the station and into the Natural History Museum, empty due to renovations. As they near the exit toward the police station they are called from behind by Mayor Bellwether, accompanied by two rams in police uniform. Bellwether thanks Judy for discovering the perpetrators behind the predator conspiracy and reaches for the briefcase but Judy wonders aloud how she knew where to find them. They edge toward the exit but are blocked by a disheveled Woolter. Realizing Bellwether was behind the plot all along, Judy and Nick run and attempt to hide down a corridor. Along the way Judy runs into a protruding mammoth tusk and cuts her leg. Nick pulls a handkerchief out of his pocket, blueberries spilling everywhere, and bandages Judy's leg but she tells him to leave her since she can't walk. They try to think of something as they are surrounded by the sheep. Bellwether calls out to Judy, saying that in the city prey outnumber predators 10 to 1. They need to band together to end their mistreatment against the more powerful and loud predators and, once united, will be unstoppable. Judy and Nick run for it but are knocked into a sunken diorama and Nick drops the briefcase. Bellwether retrieves it and looks down on Nick and Judy before taking aim with the gun and shooting Nick. The blue solution covers his neck and he trembles while Bellwether calls the police and feigns alarm, saying Officer Judy is down and being attacked by a savage fox. Judy tells Bellwether her plan won't work as Nick advances on her, growling. Bellwether says that fear always works and, with a predisposition to savagery, predators will be forced out of Zootopia and she'll dart every one to keep it that way. Nick then lunges at Judy and puts his jaws around her neck, but just as quickly releases her as Judy puts on a dramatic performance. Nick and Judy then reveal they switched out the serum in the gun with blueberries and have recorded everything Bellwether said on Judy's pen recorder. Horrified, Bellwether backs up to flee only to be stopped and arrested by the responding ZPD. On the news, an anchor reads that Bellwether was charged for masterminding the savage predator conspiracy. Former Mayor Lionheart gives an interview where he says he didn't know about Bellwether's plot and only caged the savage predators to protect the city, citing he did a wrong thing for the right reasons. It is announced that an antidote has been created with positive effects. Judy goes to the hospital where she sees Emmitt Otterton recovering and embracing his concerned wife. Months later, Judy, a police officer again and much wizened by her experience, addresses the new police academy graduates, one of them being Nick Wilde. She says, "When I was a kid, I thought Zootopia was this perfect place where everyone got along and anyone could be anything. Turns out, real life's a little bit more complicated than a slogan on a bumper sticker. Real life is messy. We all have limitations. We all make mistakes, which means...hey, glass half full! We all have a lot in common. And the more we try to understand one another, the more exceptional each of us will be. But we have to try. No matter what type of animal you are, from the biggest elephant to our first fox, I implore you: Try. Try to make a difference. Try to make the world a better place. Try to look inside yourself and recognize that change starts with you. It starts with me. It starts with all of us." Nick approaches the stage and Judy pins on his cop badge. The next day, Chief Bogo hands out assignments, giving Nick and Judy the task of catching a hot-rodder tearing up the roads downtown. Judy and Nick come across the speeder in their patrol car and pull him over, surprised to see Flash the sloth behind the wheel. Flash smiles slyly at Nick and the credits roll as Gazelle (Shakira) performs 'Try Everything' at a concert in Zootopia with everyone in attendance save for Bellwether who watches the show on TV from prison.
tt3731562
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
In the year 1944, somewhere over the South Pacific, Lieutenant Hank Marlow (Will Brittain) lands with his parachute on an island after his plane crashes. Another soldier, Gunpei Ikari (Miyavi), lands. Marlow draws his gun on Ikari and shoots but misses. Ikari takes out his gun and chases after Marlow. They run into the forest and fight when they go by a cliff. Ikari nearly impales Marlow with his sword, but Marlow pulls it away. Ikari then has Marlow on the ground and nearly kills him before a gigantic ape hand appears. The two men then see the ape (Terry Notary) rise above them. In 1973, in Washington D.C., government official Bill Randa (John Goodman) and geologist Houston Brooks (Corey Hawkins) arrive to meet with Senator Willis (Richard Jenkins) to receive funding for an expedition to a recently discovered location called Skull Island. Willis isn't too keen on the idea, but Randa goads him into relenting. Before leaving, Randa tells Willis he also would like a military escort. The Sky Devils squadron are gathered on their last day before they can finally go home. Led by Colonel Preston Packard (Samuel L. Jackson), they include Captain Earl Cole (Shea Whigham), Slivko (Thomas Mann), Reles (Eugene Cordero), Glenn Mills (Jason Mitchell), and Jack Chapman (Toby Kebell), who is Packard's right hand man. Packard receives the call for the expedition and gladly accepts the job. Randa and Brooks go to a bar and find a former British Special Air Service captain named James Conrad (Tom Hiddleston) to be their tracker. Conrad is confronted by two bar patrons who believe he cheated in a game of pool, but he easily subdues the men. Randa is immediately impressed, telling Brooks they've found their guide. Conrad sits with Randa and Brooks to hear their plan. When he hears their offer, he demands more money and points out that there's a good chance that the trip will get them killed for reasons involving severe weather conditions or predatory creatures. Inside a darkroom, anti-war photographer Mason Weaver (Brie Larson) is developing some photos she took of the conflict in Vietnam. She gets a call to join the expedition and she arrives at the base to meet with Packard and his men, plus a team of scientists from the company Landsat, including Brooks' fellow geologist San Lin (Jing Tian) and Landsat employees Victor Nieves (John Ortiz) and Steve (Marc Evan Jackson). Weaver has reservations about the mission and thinks the military is planning something bad. Brooks goes over the mission and what they hope to find on Skull Island. The team sails into the ocean before taking choppers to the island. They must pass through clouds that produce hurricane-like conditions but are able to find a high-pressure pocket that they believe will be a safer route. After a turbulent ride through the storm, the choppers fly across the area. Weaver takes some pictures while the soldiers begin dropping seismic charges into the ground, setting off explosions. Almost immediately, a tree is thrown through one of the choppers, sending it crashing to the ground. The team then sees Kong towering over them. He sends another tree through a chopper before grabbing a few more and smashing them into the ground. The surviving team members are separated once they hit the ground. Amidst the flames burning from the remains of the choppers, Packard stares up at Kong, who looks down back at him. Packard confronts Randa at gunpoint and demands to know what really brought them there. Randa admits that he had known about the existence of monsters like Kong for a while, and he is seeking proof for his organization, Monarch. Conrad, Weaver, Brooks, Lin, Slivko, and Nieves are grouped together while Randa, Packard, Mills, Cole, and other soldiers set out to look for Chapman, as he is equipped with enough ammunition that Packard intends to use against Kong. As the soldiers walk through a bamboo forest forest, one soldier suddenly stops, a bamboo tree has impaled him through the mouth. Above them is a giant spider that starts attacking them. Mills is pulled up by the webbing, and the rest of the soldiers start cutting its legs off. Mills cuts himself loose, and Packard shoots the spider to death. Chapman is by himself near a river. He sees Kong walking through the river to tend to a wound he sustained from the choppers' gunfire. Kong drinks from the river and then finds a giant octopus. He tangles with it, fighting off its tentacles before he starts to eat it. He then drags the octopus carcass away. Conrad's group is cornered by a tribe of natives. As they try to defend themselves, out comes an older Marlow (now played by John C. Reilly). He assures both groups that they are not harmful to each other and then invites the group past the wall. Marlow explains to the group that he's been there for the last 28 years and has learned a lot about the natives and the island itself. Kong is like a god to them, as he has been protecting them from the creatures that dwell beneath the earth and have been killing off the natives for centuries, as well as Kong's own family. Marlow calls them "Skull Crawlers". They stayed underground until the explosions from the seismic charges woke them up. If anything happens to Kong, the Skull Crawlers will dominate the island. He also suggests that the Skull Crawlers that have come to the surface are just juveniles and that a much larger one exists. Still alone, Chapman walks through the forest and sits on a log. The log turns out to be a giant insect. Chapman shoots at it, but the creature does not retaliate. As the creature leaves, Chapman is killed by a Skull Crawler. Conrad tells Marlow that they plan to make it to their rendezvous point on the north side of the island within three days so that they may be rescued. Marlow says that it cannot be done in three days on foot, so he agrees to guide them the right way. He bids the natives farewell and takes the crew on a boat. Shortly after riding away, Nieves is snatched up by carnivorous birds and is torn apart midair. Along the way, Weaver sees a huge water buffalo stuck under a crashed chopper. She tries lifting it up to free the buffalo, only for Kong to show up and pull the chopper off. He stares down at Weaver briefly and leaves. She appears more awed by him than terrified. Marlow leads the group into The Forbidden Zone, which is a former battleground between Kong's ancestors and the Skull Crawlers. The enormous remains of Kong's family lie among the field. A Skull Crawler appears, forcing the group to hide. The Skull Crawler then spits out Chapman's skull and dog tags, which Conrad notices. Packard and his men come around the same area. Randa is taking pictures and is then snatched up and eaten by a Skull Crawler. Another beast shows up and starts to attack and pull victims in with its tongue. The groups continue their battle with the Skull Crawlers plus a wave of the carnivorous birds. Marlow takes out the sword that belonged to Ikari and slashes through several of the birds before handing it over to Conrad. Weaver kills one by tossing a lighter into a hole that produces fumes, which is ignited and sets the creature on fire. After the fight, they regroup. Packard is still set on looking for Chapman. Conrad shows Packard Chapman's dog tags to confirm his demise. Still, Packard wants to look for Chapman's ammunition stash so that they can kill Kong; he is hellbent on revenge for the deaths of his men, despite the objections of Marlow, Conrad, and Weaver. That night, Packard gathers explosives and lays a trap for Kong. Meanwhile, Conrad and Weaver encounter the beast, but Weaver approaches him cautiously. She places her hand on his face and he is gentle. However, Packard lures Kong toward him and ignites the fuel along the water, singeing and burning Kong's fur. Kong stomps on Steve and kills another man in the chaos before collapsing. Packard then gets ready to set off some explosives, but Conrad and Weaver try to stop him. They convince the other soldiers that they need Kong to keep the Skull Crawlers out. The soldiers turn on Packard, who remains defiant. Just then, the biggest Skull Crawler bursts out of the ground, forcing the group to run. Packard stays behind to detonate the explosives, but Kong crushes him under his fist. The survivors then head toward the shore as the main Skull Crawler pursues them. Cole stays behind to sacrifice himself with the explosive devices he has strapped to himself. However, the monster tail-whips Cole into a wall and he blows up anyway. The Skull Crawler heads toward the group until Kong returns and smashes into the beast. Kong uses a ship's propeller attached to a length of anchor chain to would the beast, finally slashing it on the throat. The best isn't dead and attacks again. Weaver takes a flare gun and hits the Skull Crawler in the face with it. Kong grabs the Skull Crawler and hurls him into the wall, accidentally knocking Weaver into the river. Kong pulls Weaver out and still fights the Skull Crawler. He rams his fist down the monster's throat and pulls out its guts. Kong then places Weaver down next to Conrad before leaving. Shortly after, the survivors (Conrad, Weaver, Marlow, Brooks, Lin, Mills, Slivko, and Reles) depart on the boat, and three choppers show up to get them. In the distance, Kong keeps a lookout to continue protecting his territory. He pounds his fist and lets out a roar. As the credits begin, we see video footage of Marlow finally returning home to Chicago where he sees his wife again and finally meets his adult son. He then sits down to watch a Cubs game with a hot dog and a beer. After the credits, Conrad and Weaver are being held in an interrogation room by Monarch. Entering the room are Brooks and Lin, who tell the two that Kong was never the only monster out there and that this world did not always belong to humankind. Brooks pulls out some files, including a map of Tokyo, before putting on a slideshow. The slides show another crew coming across cave drawings of other monsters - Mothra, King Ghidorah, Rodan and Godzilla himself. The last thing we hear are the combined roars of Kong and Godzilla.
tt3416828
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
The film starts, as usual, with Scrat (voice of Chris Wedge) trying to find some place to store his acorn. Before he can stick it in the ice, he falls through some ice and into what first seems to be a cave. Scrat puts the acorn on a pad that turns on a giant flying saucer. He bursts it out of the ice block it was trapped in and out into space. After hitting the planets like pinball or pool balls, Scrat ends up shot out of the saucer with the acorn. He decides to stick it into an asteroid, naturally causing it to split and send it hurtling toward Earth. Down on Earth, Manny (voice of Ray Romano) and Peaches (voice of Keke Palmer) are playing hockey with a turtle shell while Crash and Eddie (voices of Seann William Scott and Josh Peck). They're joined by Peaches' fiance Julian (voice of Adam Devine), a lovable mammoth. Ellie (voice of Queen Latifah) and Granny (voice of Wanda Sykes) come in. Julian gives Ellie flowers, which Manny is annoyed with, just like every other thing Julian does, even though everyone else loves him. Ellie then pulls Peaches away for something private. Sid (voice of John Leguizamo) is practicing a proposal for another sloth named Francine (voice of Melissa Rauch). He thinks she's his true love, but they only went on one 14-minute date, and she can't stand him. Francine leaves Sid alone with a mariachi band that he prematurely set up. He wipes his tears with a poison ivy leaf. Manny talks to Diego (voice of Denis Leary) over Ellie having been acting weird. As for Diego, he and Shira (voice of Jennifer Lopez) have contemplated having kids of their own, but kids seem to be terrified of them. This isn't helped after they eat some berries and have juice dripping down their fanged mouths as two kids walk by. Manny finds Ellie and all their other animal friends having organized a party for their anniversary, which Manny totally forgot. Before that can become obvious, fireworks start going off in the sky, which everyone thinks is Manny's gift to her. During the party, Julian lets it slip that he and Peaches will be moving away from Manny and Ellie after getting married, even though they believed the two of them would live near them as neighbors. Moments later, a meteor comes falling toward them all. The animals run for cover as a full-blown meteor shower starts coming down. The herd runs into a cave and waits it out. Underground, a family of Dromaeosaurs (or "dino-birds") - Gavin (voice of Nick Offerman) and his two kids Gertie (voice of Stephanie Beatriz) and Roger (voice of Max Greenfield) - swipe an egg from a triceratops. Buck the weasel (voice of Simon Pegg) swoops down and chases after the dino-birds, retrieving the egg and returning it to its mother. Buck then comes across an old stone pillar that prophecizes a doomsday event, which he takes with him to the surface. The dino-birds decide to follow him and kill him. The herd looks outside the cave and sees everything nearly in total ruins. Buck crawls out of the hole from underground and reunites with his friends while meeting Shira, Granny, Julian, and a grown-up Peaches. Buck pulls out the pillar and explains that every few thousands of years, Earth gets cleansed by a gigantic meteor that crashes in the exact same spot, so if they can head to the crash site, they can perhaps figure out a way to stop this meteor from hitting. As they head out, the dino-birds hear their plan, and Gavin thinks they can avoid it since they can fly and avoid the crash, but Roger calls him out on that being a bad idea, so Gavin berates him like always. On their way, the herd picks up some rocks that happen to be magnetized. Since Crash and Eddie are confused (or just way too dumb to understand), Buck brings them inside his mind to meet Neil deBuck Weasel (voice of Neil deGrasse Tyson), along with Pythagorus Buck and Robo-Buck to explain the magnetic attraction of the rocks. The herd figures that if they get enough of these rocks, they can propel the meteor away from Earth. As Scrat continues to get his nut, he uses the ship to cause some trouble on Earth. He pulls the moon around the planet to cause water to rise, which works to let the herd pass through. Then he hits another planet and causes an electric storm. The animals protect each other from the threat. Manny and Ellie try to get in the way of Peaches and Julian's plan to move away. Manny first plays hockey with Julian, but since the guy isn't very coordinated, Manny accidentally whacks him in the face with the puck and causes him to fall into the icy water (he's okay, though). Later, Ellie (with help from Sid, Diego, Crash and Eddie) sets Peaches up with some problems she and Julian could face as parents. Peaches quickly takes care of everything like a champ. The herd rests for the night. The dino-birds stalk them and send Roger to get Buck. He flies into the cave, but he ends up taking Granny instead. She isn't afraid of the dino-birds, even when Gavin swallows her whole. When she threatens to pop out of you-know-where, Gertie helps her dad cough up Granny. In the morning, the herd notices Granny is missing. They hear her yelling and see that the noise is coming from a crashed asteroid that is filled with thousands of magnetic crystals. They find Granny getting a massage from a bunny named Teddy (voice of Michael Strahan). The herd is found by a pretty sloth named Brooke (voice of Jessie J), who (for a reason nobody else seems to understand) instantly falls for Sid, and he reciprocates. Brooke explains that they are in Geotopia, and she brings the herd to the all-knowing Shangri-Llama (voice of Jesse Tyler Ferguson). He makes the herd do some yoga exercises as Buck tries to ask him for help in launching the asteroid up in the air to stop the incoming meteor. Shangri-Llama refuses since the asteroid is what has kept him, Brooke, and the other animals living in the asteroid young and attractive. Brooke asks Sid to be her life mate, which he accepts. He wants to give her a nice crystal as a gift, so he picks one out of the wall, which causes the whole asteroid to fall apart and make the animals look like their proper ages, including Brooke. Shangri-Llama angrily chastises Sid. However, when it becomes clear the danger they are in (thanks to Scrat AGAIN), Brooke rallies the other animals to help the herd plug up the geysers so they can throw the crystals into an active volcano to shoot them at the meteor. As they set the plan in motion, the dino-birds swoop in and try to kill Buck, but he appeals to Roger and helps him convince Gavin and Gertie to help out so that they can all survive. The dino-birds help pull the biggest crystal toward the volcano, but it is too heavy to push in. Manny tries to do it with Julian, but Julian suggests they let it roll down the hill so that it can eventually roll into the volcano. The plan works, but the crystals don't shoot up until Granny plugs up the last geyser. The meteor then flies off-course and back into space. The animals celebrate. Sid and Brooke say goodbye to each other, giving each other drawings to remember one another. Granny also decides to stay so she can be with Teddy. After Sid leaves, the Geotopians get into a hot tub, where a crystal falls in. This makes everyone young and pretty again, including Granny and Brooke. The rest of the herd gathers for Peaches and Julian's wedding. Manny and Ellie finally accept that their girl will be starting her own family soon. Diego and Shira then tell the same kids they scared earlier the story of how they helped save the world. Brooke arrives at the wedding and reunites with Sid, then sings a song for the party. Neil deBuck Weasel then takes us to Mars to show that it was once a hospitable planet. This changes when Scrat shows up and dries the place out, making it uninhabitable. He gets back in his ship and flees.
