tt0119683
Crime,Drama,History
The main character is Jean Valjean (Liam Neeson), a Frenchman imprisoned for 20 years for stealing bread. He responds to the understanding and kindness of a Bishop, and becomes a successful business man and Mayor of a small town. Uma Thurman plays the roll of a single parent, Fantine, fighting to bring up her daughter Cosette. She works in Valjean's factory, sending money to keep her daughter with a couple in another town, until her secret is discovered, and she is dismissed, in order to prevent her bad moral influence impacting on the rest of the workforce. Thus begins her descent into poverty, prostitution, illness and death. During this time the main theme of the film develops, the conflict between Valjean, and the police officer named Javert. He recognises Valjean from his time as a prison guard. He oscillate between recognition and doubt, (given Valjean's now elevated position), until a trial of some other convict mistaken for Valjean, forces the later to declare his true identity , and flee from his past. This situation coincides with Fantine's demise, and Valjean decides to collect the young Cosette from her less than ideal fostering. They take refuge in a convent in Paris, and stay in hiding there from Javert until Cosette has grown into a young woman (now played by Clare Daynes - of leading lady in Homeland fame). We now enter the final phase of the film, centred on the Republican inspired uprising in Paris of June 5-6 1832. Cosette falls in love with one of the students organising the uprising, and this brings Valjean back into the clutches of Javert. During the uprising, Valjean has the opportunity to kill Javert, but believes he doesn't have right to. Javert says he will not stop pursuing Valjean, and advises him to kill him. Of course, shortly afterward, the situations are reversed, and again the moral impasse prevails. Javert has always tried to do the right thing throughout his life, and faced with Valjean's goodness, takes his own life by drowning himself in the River Seine, (within sight of the cathedral of Notre Dame). The film provides an insight into the type of moralistic tales of that time, trying to portray the suffering and degradation inherent in poverty, and the personal conflicts that are intertwined into that framework, in order to illustrate the particular challenges and choices that therein abound. It reflects the longing for the re-instatement of a French Republic, and attempts to publicise the suffering of the poor that is blamed on the inadequacies of the rule of Napoleon III. It gives a passable, if uninspired, portrayal of the main intent of the novel(written by Victor Hugo during the 2nd Empire in 1862), and has the added bonus that it is not being a musical!
tt1023114
Adventure,Drama,History
During WWII Janusz (Jim Sturgess), a young Polish officer held by Soviets as POW, is interrogated by NKVD (Stalinist secret security police). When the Russians cannot force him to admit he is a spy, they bring his wife in and coerce statements from her condemning Janusz. He is sentenced to 20 years in one a Gulag forced labour camp in remote Siberia. At the camp, Janusz meets an American Mr. Smith (Ed Harris), an actor Khabarov (Mark Strong), a hardened Russian criminal Valka(Colin Farrell), Polish artist Tomasz (Alexandru Potocean), a Latvian priest Voss (Gustaf Skarsgård), a Pole suffering from night blindness Kazik (Sebastian Urzendowsky), and an accountant from Yugoslavia Zoran (Dragos Bucur). Khabarov secretly tells Janusz that he is planing to escape south to Mongolia, passing Lake Baikal. It turns out that it's just Khabarov's fantasy to keep his own morale high, but Janusz decides to implement the plan. He escapes with Mr. Smith, Valka, Voss, Tomasz, Zoran, and Kazik during a severe snowstorm that they rely on to cover their tracks. During the second night of their escape Kazik loses his way back to the group and fire while looking for wood and dies. He's buried that morning by the group. After many days of travel across the snows of Siberia they reach Lake Baikal. There they meet a Polish girl named Irena (Saoirse Ronan), who tells them that her parents were murdered by Russian soldiers and about her escape from a collective farm near Warsaw. Not all the details of her story how she ended up so far away from Europe check out (e.g. Warsaw is still under German occupation), but it turns out that she tried to conceal a more tragic experience. The group let's her join them. When they reach an unpatrolled border between Russia and Mongolia Valka decides to stay, as he still sees Russia as his home country, and Josef Stalin as a hero. The rest continue to Ulaanbaatar, but soon they see images of Stalin and a red star. They realize Mongolia is now a Communist state and they are safe. They decide that they must continue to India. As they continue south, they cross the vast Gobi desert, and face a severe lack of water, sandstorms, skin burned to red-flesh, blisters, and sun strokes. Irena collapses several times and dies, soon followed by Tomasz. Smith seems near death too, but motivated by Janusz rejoins him, Zoran, and Voss. All four find a puddle of muddy water and avoid death. When they get close to the Himalayas, they are guided to a Buddhist monastery, where they are fed and sheltered, regaining their strength. They are advised to wait three months, until spring, to finish the trip to Lhasa, But Smith. the American, decides to go to Lhasa immediately to join American military mission fighting next to Chinese against Japan. The other three continue towards the Himalayas and they soon reach India. At the end of the film, 45 years later and after the fall of communism in Poland, Janusz returns home to reunite with his wife. For all those years he wanted to see his wife again so he could forgive her and she could forgive herself.
tt1186830
Adventure,Biography,Drama
Meanwhile, social unrest begins challenging the Roman rule of the city as Pagans and Christians come into conflict. When the Christians start defiling the statues of the pagan gods, the pagans, including Orestes and Hypatia's father, ambush the Christians to squash their rising influence. However, in the ensuing battle, the pagans unexpectedly find themselves outnumbered by a large Christian mob. Hypatia's father is gravely injured and Hypatia and the pagans take refuge in the Library of the Serapeum. The Christian siege of the library ends when an envoy of the Roman Emperor declares that the pagans are pardoned, however the Christians shall be allowed to enter the library and do with it what they please. Hypatia and the pagans flee, trying to save the most important scrolls, before the Christians overtake the library and destroy its contents. Davus chooses to join the Christian forces. He later returns with a gladius and starts sexually assaulting her, but quickly begins to sob offers his sword to her. However, she removes his slave collar and tells him he is free. Several years later, Orestes, now converted to Christianity, is prefect of Alexandria. Hypatia continues to investigate the motions of the Sun, the Moon, the five known "wanderers" (planets) and the stars. Some Christians ridicule the thinking that the Earth is a sphere, by arguing that people far from the top would fall off the Earth. When they ask Davus his opinion he avoids conflict by saying that only God knows these things. Hypatia also investigates the heliocentric model of the solar system proposed by Aristarchus of Samos; by having an object dropped from the mast of a moving ship she demonstrates to Orestes that a possible motion of the Earth would not affect the motion, relative to Earth, of a falling object on Earth. However, due to religious objections against heliocentrism, the Christians have now forbidden Hypatia to teach at the school. The Christians and the Jews come into conflict, committing violent acts against each other. The leader of the Christians, Cyril (Sami Samir), views Hypatia as having too much influence over Orestes and stages a public ceremony intended to force Orestes to subjugate her. Hypatia's former pupil, Synesius, now the Bishop of Cyrene, comes to her rescue as a religious authority counterweight, but says he cannot help her unless she accepts Christianity; she refuses. Hypatia makes a personal discovery, theorizing that the Earth orbits around the Sun in an elliptic, not circular, orbit with the Sun at one of the foci. Cyril convinces a mob of Christians that suades the mob otherwise, and they decide to stone her instead. When everyone goes outside to collect stones, Davus secretly suffocates her to spare her the pain of being stoned to death and tells the mob that she fainted. Davus leaves as they begin to stone her.
tt0870111
Biography,Drama,History
For a quick background, the movie is based on a series of 1977 interviews between television personality David Frost (played by Michael Sheen) and former President Richard Nixon (played by Frank Langella). Frosts interview was the first granted by Nixon after he resigned the presidency. 45 million people watched, and it still holds the record today for the most-watched political program of all time. The movie opens with a series of real-life news reports from the 1970s, reviewing Nixons role in bugging the Democratic National Committees headquarters at the Watergate Complex in Washington, D.C., in order to keep tabs on what the Democrats were doing leading up to the 1972 elections. Except, of course, the men hired to do the bugging were busted during the break-in, Nixon and his men conspired to cover up the break-in and then, whoops, did not erase the tapes recording their conversations. When the tapes were discovered in 1974, Nixon resigned. Frost finishes taping an episode of his talk show, Frost Across Australia. He and his producers then watch the live broadcast of Nixon waving goodbye (as in, his legendary double-peace-sign wave) from the steps of his helicopter. Frost asks his producer what the worldwide TV ratings would be for that moment, and is told bigger than we will ever see. A few weeks later, Frost is back in his native England, at the London Weekend Television office, the company that employs him. He brings up the possibility of interviewing Nixon, and everyone thinks hes crazy. It is important to note that Frost is sort of known as a fluff interviewer, as in he does not ask very hard-hitting questions. He also drinks. And parties. And sleeps with lots of pretty ladies. So his producers have a legitimate right to laugh because Richard Nixon would never agree to be interviewed by someone like himor would he? Cut to Nixon at his vacation home in California. His advisor, Swifty Lazar, mentions that Frost has made an offer to interview him, and is willing to pay him $600,000 for his time. Lazar says that CBS is only offering $350,000. Oh, and by the way, Lazar says, youll nail him to the wall. Hes a lightweight. And we get brief scenes of Lazar bullying Frost into offering the $600,000 his original offer was $500,000. So Nixon is sold. And now Frost has to pony up this massive amount of money from his own pocket, because initially, no U.S. television station is willing to carry the interviews being that they were outbid by a Brit and are mad about it. Frost sells all his shares in London Weekend Television and calls in favors from wealthy celebrities he had previously interviewed. He raises all the money, pays Nixon, hires two investigators named Zelnick and Reston to help him come up with questions, and the interviews begin. They are finally sold to a British TV station as four 90-minute specials covering four different topics Foreign policy, Domestic policy, Nixons personal life and Watergate. Nixon arrives with his former chief-of-staff, Jack Brennan (Kevin Bacon), who warns Frost that any questions deemed not to his liking will be immediately cut off. The seconds tick down to when the cameras will first start rolling, and as the sound technician begins the count from 5 to 1, Nixon asks Frost if he had an enjoyable evening. Frost says he did. And right as the count reaches 1, Nixon asks, Did you do any fornicating? The cameras flip on and Frost is speechless. Nixon smiles, satisfied. And so goes the first three series of interviews Nixon using huge chunks of time to make long, winding, boring speeches about random things and Frost struggling to interrupt, to ask actual questions of him. It is obvious Nixon is in his element, and Frost is not. Zelnick and Reston who are American, it should be noted, and are angry with Nixon like all Americans were get angry with Frost for the fact that Nixon is using this time to pretty much exonerate himself of any wrongdoing. Frost decides that the crew should break for Easter, as they have spent weeks together doing these interviews. He will use this time to regroup. Four days before they are to begin the final interview on Watergate, Frost wakes up to a phone call in the middle of the night. He answers by saying, cheeseburgers, thinking it is the hotels room service, asking him if he wants anything to eat. Instead, it is Nixon a very drunk Nixon. Frost quickly wakes up and listens to Nixon moan about his life how he is just like Frost, how he began his political career as a man from the wrong side of the tracks and now everyone who is still on the wrong side of the tracks hates him for hitting it big. He also tells Frost that he knows the final interview will make ones career and break the others. He hangs up. Frost has an epiphany its not just about the viewers and the money. He has to get Nixon to confess to his involvement in Watergate. If he doesnt, not only will the interviews not be watched and he will go bankrupt, but the American people who were hoping for some closure to the scandal will lose faith in him and their government. He calls Zelnick and Reston and they get to work. When the group meets for the final interview, Frost mentions the phone call to Nixon. Like most drunk-dialers, however, Nixon asks, What phone call? Brennan overhears and warns Frost that he will break him if anything goes wrong during this final interview. The cameras flip on, and both Frost and Nixon are silent, Nixon waiting for a question and Frost weighing his options. Finally, Frost looks up and asks, Why didnt you just erase the tapes? The room pretty much explodes, as Nixon looks at him, stunned that he asked him an actual question, Brennan comes blasting in and breaks up the interview and the technicians, Zelnick and Reston get very excited at what is happening. Brennan tries to break it up, but Frost isnt having it. Nixon stutters something about not being involved, and then about the bugging being necessary, and Frost gets very angry and asks, So youre saying, just because youre the President, you can do something illegal? And Nixon finally yells back, No when the President does it, it is NOT illegal. The room goes silent. Frost sits back and says, Im sorry? He cant believe it. And the cameramen got it all on tape. Brennan pulls Nixon out into the hall and tells him he can call it off, right now. But Nixon has realized something. He is tired of lying, he says, and he let the American people down. He thanks Brennan for his help, but he did this on his own, and he needs to make up for it on his own. The interviews begin again, with Nixon admitting to the Watergate cover-up, and apologizing to the American people on camera for letting them down. When they are finally edited and shown on TV, the interviews are a massive success, and Frost earns 10% of the advertising profits from the broadcasts. This makes him a millionaire, and a hero in the eyes of many who were waiting for the apology Nixon just gave. The film ends with Frost visiting Nixon at his California home after the interviews air. Frost thanks him for his time. Just as he turns to go, Nixon asks him if they really had a conversation on the phone and, if they did, what they talked about. Frost pauses, and then says, Cheeseburgers, before walking away.
tt0985699
Drama,History,Thriller
Valkyrie opens with Colonel Stauffenberg in Tunisa, North Africa (in 1943), penning in a journal his thoughts about World War II, and how he feels Hitler is destroying Germany. Stauffenberg states he took an oath of allegiance to Hitler, but feels he owes more to Germany. He argues with a general about holding a key city in a futile effort against the British and American forces. The general agrees to have the 10th Panzer Division moved to a different location where they can be evacuated back to mainland Europe. Shortly thereafter, the camp is attacked by British aircraft and Stauffenberg is badly injured, losing one of his eyes, his right hand, and two fingers from his left hand. The next scene shows Hitler visiting a base camp on the Eastern European Front, and a nervous General Trescow looking on. As Hitler prepares to depart, Trescow and an associate hide a bomb in a wine case and give it to a man on Hitler's plane, but it fails to detonate in flight, and Trescow must return to headquarters to retrieve it. Once he arrives, he meets up with General Olbricht, a fellow conspirator. Trescow safely retrieves the wine case and he and Olbrict discuss a member of their secret committee who was recently arrested. Trescow recommends that Olbricht contact Colonel Stauffenberg as a replacement, which Olbricht does, and brings Stauffenberg to one of their clandestine meetings. In the meeting, Stauffenberg meets three of the most important figures in the resistance: Dr. Goerdeler, who will become Chancellor of Germany should the plot succeed; General Beck, who will lead the Armed Forces, and a man named Witzleben. After tempers flare over the issue of what to do in the aftermath of the plot, Stauffenberg agrees to help. At a later meeting, Stauffenberg suggests they utilize Operation Valkyrie, a plan that uses the Reserve Army to keep order among the Germany population should anything disrupt communications from Hitler, or should Hitler be killed. Stauffenberg rewrites the order to exclude the SS from taking control, which would leave the head of the Reserve Army, General Fromm, in charge of Germany. Reaching out to General Fromm, Stauffenberg and Olbricht are surprised at his rejection, but Fromm keeps quiet, choosing to neither support the dissenters nor report them to the authorities. Meanwhile, General Trescow is sent to the front lines. Stauffenberg is left in charge of the plan, and he, along with his assistant Lieutenant Haeften, take the order to the Berghof to be signed off by Hitler himself. Hitler, with his inner circle present, praises Stauffenberg's loss of appendages as the attitude necessary for his military, and states Stauffenberg is the ideal German officer. He then signs off on the bill, saying he's sure the changes are adequate. Back at command, Colonel Quirnheim shows the dissenters how to use pencil detonators, and Stauffenberg persuades General Fellgiebel, who controls communications at the Wolf's Lair, to help. Stauffenberg has been promoted to General Fromm's chief-of-staff, and thus has access to Hitler's military debriefings, so the plan goes as follows: Stauffenberg and Haeften will travel to Hitler's bunker, the Wolf's Lair, to attend a military meeting. Stauffenberg will ignite one of the pencil detonators and then have Fellgiebel call and pretend to be a general, pulling Stauffenberg out of the meeting while Haeften waits with a car. In theory, Stauffenberg and Haeften will have six minutes to drive before the bomb detonates, giving them time to return to the airfield and fly off before they can be suspected. The only condition the heads of the dissenters give, however, is that the both Himmler, head of the SS, and Hitler must be present for Stauffenberg to arm the bomb. Stauffenberg travels to the Wolf's Lair and has all preparations ready, but notices Himmler is not present at the meeting and calls the committee to ask if he may proceed anyway. He is ordered to stand down by the committee, unbeknownst to Olbricht, who mobilizes the Reserve Army anyway. As Stauffenberg safely extracts himself and the bomb from the bunker, the Reserve Army receives an order to stand down, believing they were just running a training drill. Olbricht and Stauffenberg are ordered to report to General Fromm, who is outraged that they would mobilize the army without his permission or knowledge. He warns them that if this happens again, he will arrest them both. Dr. Goerdeler has a warrant issued for his arrest by the SS and General Beck implores him to leave the country. Goerdeler, Stauffenberg's chief opponent on the committee, hastily leaves and Beck grants Stauffenberg full discretion on how to proceed with the attempt. Colonel Stauffenberg visits his home and tells his wife his plan, and that she and his children must leave, because of their suffering at the hands of the Nazis if he should fail. They do so and Stauffenberg makes his next attempt on Hitler's life as he attends another military briefing on July 20, 1944. Much to his surprise, the meeting has been moved from Hitler's bunker to an open window summer hut. The blast would have been most effective in the pressurized bunker, where the thick walls would deflect the pressure back to the bomb's origin, wiping out everyone in the bunker. Stauffenberg plans to proceed anyway but then notices Himmler is once again not present. He calls the committee to ask permission to continue and they say 'no', but Stauffenberg and Quirnheim privately agree to continue anyway, and Stauffenberg enters the summer hut. He and Haeften arm the bomb in a washroom and place it under the war room table, as Haeften gets the car. Fellgiebel gives Stauffenberg his distraction phone call and Stauffenberg hastily leaves the hut. In the war room, hearing news of the Germans' losses in Europe causes an enraged Hitler to bang his fist against the table, knocking Stauffenberg's briefcase with the armed bomb inside over. A correspondent at the table sees Stauffenberg's fallen bag and moves it behind a table leg opposite Hitler. As Stauffenberg walks to his car, the bomb detonates. Fellgiebel phones Quirnheim, but poor reception keeps Quirnheim from fully understanding what has happened, only hearing that the bomb has indeed detonated. Believing his job to be done, Fellgiebel orders them to shut off all communications. Olbricht implores Quirnheim to phone back and find out if Hitler really is dead, but the broken phone lines prevent that from happening. Olbricht refuses to mobilize the Reserve Army until he has received confirmation that Hitler has indeed been killed, and leaves for lunch. Quirnheim issues the mobilization order behind Olbricht's back, and the Reserve Army, led by Major Remer, mobilize in Berlin. Meanwhile, Stauffenberg, Haeften, and their driver quickly make their way out of the Wolf's Lair, and Stauffenberg cleverly tricks the soldiers into opening checkpoints for him. He makes it back to the airfield and quickly flies a plane back to the government district of Berlin. Much to Stauffenberg's shock, the delay caused by Olbricht issuing the order could substantially set the effort back, but they proceed with the plan as scheduled. They march to General Fromm's office and inform him that Hitler is dead, and that he can either join their cause or be arrested. Fromm calls the Wolf's Lair, whose communications has been restored, and hears that Hitler is, in fact, alive. Stauffenberg dismisses this and asks Fromm whose side he's on. Fromm attempts to arrest Stauffenberg and Olbricht, but is himself arrested instead. Stauffenberg, Olbricht, and Beck, as heads of the Reserve Army under Operation Valkyrie, give orders to arrest all the SS and Gestapo officers and seize control of Berlin. Major Remer follows these requests unaware that he is actually supporting the coup instead of fighting it as he believes. Eventually, he reaches the SS headquarters in France. Contradicting orders have been sent, one from the Wolf's Lair ordering the arrest of Stauffenberg, and one from Stauffenberg ordering the arrest of Minister Joseph Goebbels. Goebbels, shown slipping a cyanide pill in his mouth as he watches the Reserve Army approach, picks up a phone and asks to be connected. Remer walks in and states that the man is under arrest, but Goebbels gives Remer the phone. Remer hears Hitler's voice on the other line and is ordered by Hitler to release all the SS officers and capture those in charge of the conspiracy alive. Remer cancels the occupation of Berlin and marches towards Stauffenberg's location. Rumors are swirling that Hitler is alive, which Stauffenberg dismisses as SS propaganda. But gradually, Stauffenberg's associates in headquarters are either defecting or fleeing for their lives. As the Reserve Army reaches headquarters, Stauffenberg, Haeften, Quirnheim, Olbricht, and Beck attempt to leave. After a brief shoot-out with loyalist soldiers, Stauffenberg is wounded. He and all of the other conspirators are captured, and General Fromm is released from his cell. Wanting to appear innocent in order to save himself, Fromm orders the immediate arrest of the conspirators. In his office, he condemns Stauffenberg, Quirnheim, Olbricht, and Haeften to death, but allows Beck to kill himself with a pistol. At midnight, the remaining four are taken outside and executed by firing squad in the Bendlerblock. General Trescow, upon hearing of the plot's failure, is shown committing suicide on the front lines with a grenade. Goerdeler is shown executed by hanging, and eventually Stauffenberg is brought before the firing squad. Quirnheim and Olbricht have already been executed, and only Stauffenberg and Haeften remain. Stauffenberg is prepared to face his death when Haeften steps in front of him, taking the firing squad's first shots in a final act of loyalty to his superior and falling dead. The firing squad reloads, and aims at Stauffenberg, who screams "Long live sacred Germany!," before being shot. Witzleben is shown publicly denouncing Hitler at his trial and the film reveals he too was executed on September 4 later that same year. Then, the film states that General Fromm's hasty executions could not save himself and he too was executed on March 12, 1945 for not reporting the conspirators. The film concludes with a byline announcing Hitler's suicide in April 1945 nine months later and reveals that Stauffenberg's wife and children survived the war.
tt1790885
Drama,Thriller
Part 1: THE SAUDI GROUP Two Years After Sept. 11 CIA BLACK SITE: Dan (Jason Clarke) walks into a dingy room where a terrorist financier, Ammar (Reda Kateb), is being held captive by several other CIA members wearing balaclavas. He makes the rules clear: If Ammar doesn't look at him when he's being addressed, Dan will hurt him. If Ammar steps off the mat he's on or lies about anything, Dan will also harm him. Dan has Ammar put in further restraints and beckons to one of the masked individuals to follow him outside. He orders his men not to talk to Ammar. Outside, the masked individual removes her cover; she is a young CIA agent named Maya (Jessica Chastain). He apologizes for how intense the interrogation is because she has only recently come from Washington. Dan explains that their process takes a while because Ammar needs to know how helpless he is. He offers to get her a coffee but she tells him that they should go back in. He offers her back a balaclava but she declines, asking if Ammar is ever getting out. "Never" says Dan. The pair go back in and Dan tells him that Ammar needs to understand his situation. He knows all about Ammar, had plenty of opportunities to kill him, but let him live so they could have this talk. Ammar screams that Dan is nothing more than a garbage man for his corporation but Dan retorts that Ammar is a terrorist who helped finance the September 11th attack in the USA and was caught with explosives in his house when they came for him. However, Dan also makes it clear he doesn't want to talk about Sept. 11 and he wants to know about the Saudi Group. Ammar refuses to talk so Dan's men set up mats as Dan forces him to the ground. Maya hands Dan a bucket and a towel so that Dan can water board him. He asks for an email and demands to know when was the last time Ammar saw bin Laden. At the end of the session, Dan makes it clear that in the end everyone breaks. Maya sits in a waiting room. Dan brings their boss, station chief Joseph Bradley (Kyle Chandler), to meet her. She mentions that what she saw was "a bit fucked up" and Bradley is surprised, having assumed that she volunteered for this position. Bradley buzzes her into a secure wing and Dan asks if Maya is ready, but Bradley just points out that the CIA needs to break in the next generation. Maya settles into her desk and waits until she is brought into a small conference room where fellow CIA agents Jessica (Jennifer Ehle), Jack (Harold Perrineau), Thomas (Jeremy Strong), and J.J. (J.J. Kandel) are working on the latest intelligence reports. Dan points out that Ammar is withholding on the Saudi Group while Jessica gives updates on the latest leads. Maya points out that some of their assumptions are based on pre-9/11 behavior rendered moot by the invasion of Afghanistan. Morning prayers wake Maya from an uneasy sleep on her couch. She and Dan check on Ammar, still suspended by rope and deprived of sleep using heavy metal music. Dan pulls up a chair and seats Ammar in it, providing him with a bottle of fruit juice and some food. He asks Ammar about the Saudi Group and Ammar insists that he only handles money and that he doesn't know who the guys that he finances are. Dan kicks the chair out from under Ammar and has Ammar pulled up ripping down his pants to show that he has shit himself. Dan and the other agents leave, putting Maya alone in the room with Ammar. Ammar tells Maya that Dan is an animal and begs her for help. She tells him that he can help himself by being truthful. Dan returns with a dog collar and forces it around Ammar's neck, suggesting he's Dan's dog and needs to be walked. He drags him over to a box; a very confined spot, smaller than a coffin. Dan threatens to put Ammar in there if Ammar doesn't tell him about the impending attack. Ammar starts screaming days of the week but not a location, so Dan forces him into the box and leaves him there. May 29, 2004. A group of Al Qaeda terrorists unload guns on civilians in Khobar, Saudi Arabia, targeting non-Muslims and Americans. Jessica, Dan, and Maya watch the footage in the aftermath. Jessica tells Dan that it's not on him but Dan insists that since Ammar is their prisoner the deaths are on him and Maya. Jessica points out that there are still other plots in motion that they can wring out of Ammar, including a planned attack in the London-Heathrow area. Maya realizes that since Ammar has been in complete isolation, they can lie about the outcome of the attack and claim that it was thwarted by Ammar in his sleep deprived state. Ammar is brought out of his confinement and informed that his intel was good. Dan asks what Ammar did after the invasion. Ammar says the choice was to fight or run, and he wanted to kill Americans. He continues to talk about the members of the AQ cell but in vague terms until Dan makes it clear that he will put Ammar back in the box if Ammar doesn't start naming names. Ammar spills all the details he can including that his uncle once worked for Osama bin Laden and that Ammar had seen him in Karachi with a letter from the shah which said to keep working on the jihad, to keep it renewed for a hundred years. Finally Ammar gives them a name: Abu Ahmed. Part 2: ABU AHMED Maya watches a computer monitor and studies old interrogation tapes looking at each of the suspects and studying their stories. Allegedly, bin Laden uses a complex network of carriers to relay messages to his supporters. She takes a break to make some food and Jessica walks in to ask how the search for the needle in the haystack is going. Jessica suggests that at the end of the day, everyone can be swayed with money an idea that Maya questions since it doesn't fit the motivations of a jihadist. But Jessica retorts that the weaker members would be swayed with money. Putting on a dark-colored wig to conceal her red hair, Maya is escorted to a CIA Black Site in Poland. Hakim (Fares Fares), a fellow agent and interpreter, brings her to their prisoner. They ask him a few questions and he claims that he had contact with a man known only as Fahraj. Maya is suspicious that the suspect is simply making it up until the prisoner names all of Fahraj's children. He confirms that there was a network in place to pass messages on. Maya takes this information back to Bradley and gives him a report. Bradley points out that her hunt for Abu Ahmed has been fruitless because she doesn't know his real name or where to find him. She retorts that the fact that everyone has heard of Abu Ahmed means that he is important. He tells her to let him know when there's actionable intelligence so that they can order a strike. London, England. July 7, 2005. A double-decker bus explodes. News footage of this latest AQ attack plays out on Bradley's computer monitor and in Maya's kitchen. At Bagram Air Force Base in Afghanistan, Dan feeds a monkey from his ice cream cone when he is informed that his detainee is ready. Maya is escorted into an ISI Detention Center in Pakistan. Her detainee is cooperative and tells her everything she wants to know about Abu Ahmed a most trusted courier who cannot be found because he is one of the disappeared ones. A man has an object strapped to his leg and is told, God willing, they will not have to use it. We follow the man as he walks through a complex where children are playing. His stroll is observed by Dan. Individuals dressed like Muslim woman in all black follow him as he goes to meet with Fahraj. The Muslim women are revealed to be soldiers who grab Fahraj and swarm him rifles pointed at his chest. Bradley presents Maya with paperwork and tells her that she has a one-on-one with Fahraj. Dan escorts Fahraj to his cage; a private cell with barbed wire around the sides. Dan says that he's bad news for men like Fahraj and that Dan isn't going to help him, he's going to break him. Asked if he's hungry, Fahraj has a tube shoved down his throat and blended food is forced down his throat. He is a difficult prisoner so Maya asks Dan if he will take a crack at Fahraj but he refuses, saying he's done this long enough. He's getting sent back to Washington and do something normal. He asks her to come back with him and be his "Number 2" but she says she won't find Abu Ahmed from DC. Dan warns her that politics are changing and that she needs to make sure she's not the last one "holding the dog collar." He also warns her that since everyone knows her in Pakistan she's going to need to start watching her back. September 20, 2008 Marriott Hotel, Islamabad, Pakistan. Jessica waits at a table and waves to Maya as she arrives still attached to her phone. Maya apologizes for being late because of the check points. Jessica reminds Maya that they are socializing and pours her a glass of wine. Maya makes it clear that Abu Ahmed's mystique confirms his importance when a bomb goes off outside the Marriott destroying most of the interior. Maya and Jessica struggle to find an exit, passing numerous staff and diners who have either been killed or wounded by the bomb. A truck outside had been stopped at a check point and carried explosives which the driver detonated. Part 3: THE MEETING Tribal Territories, Pakistan: A meeting of bin Laden's inner circle occurs while someone records it. Jessica is ecstatic, telling Maya that the Jordanians have a mole. She shows Maya the video of the meeting and explains that a Jordanian doctor has made it into the inner circle. Bradley doesn't buy it but the Jords claimed that money and patriotic duty would be enough to sway him from bin Laden and the jihad. Maya points out that the guy is likely lying & they just have to meet him face-to-face. She helps Jessica convince Bradley to approve the operation. Jessica tries to get the doctor to come to Islamabad but the doctor refuses on the grounds that traveling out of the Muslim world would make him appear to be a flight risk. An interview of Obama talking about America's moral stature plays in the background as Jessica tells Maya that the doctor would be willing to meet with Jessica in the Tribal territories. Maya points out that as a white woman Jessica would definitely be kidnapped. They brainstorm with a fellow agent who suggests Camp Chapman in Afghanistan as a safe area of compromise. On the phone with Maya, Jessica decorates a cake for the doctor. Maya laughs and points out that Muslims don't celebrate with cake. Jessica scolds her for being so literal and invites Maya out. Maya declines - it is Jessica's lead and she deserves to run the show. Jessica meets with a CIA agent John for drinks and they toast the doctor, their first big break since 9/11. She's cross-checked all the information that they've been provided with and it checks out. The money - $25 million buys a new life. John posits that the doctor is exaggerating his access but Jessica points out that in 6 months to a year, the doctor could be treating bin Laden. With the money on the table, the doctor will flip - or they'll kill him. Jessica and the other interrogators wait out in the base and everyone is on edge. Jessica is excited about the meeting but the doctor is late. When he looks like a no-show, a car appears on the horizon and gets stopped at a check point. Jessica insists that he be ushered through the check point without being searched per the agreement they had made beforehand. The car is driven in and an old man gets out. When the soldiers ask him to take his hand out of his pockets, he begins to mumble "Allahu Akbar" and detonates a bomb killing everyone in the vicinity including Jessica and John. Maya hears the news about the bombing and is distraught. Several co-workers come and talk to her, giving her updates including news that a detainee has confirmed Abu Ahmed as dead. Maya is on the edge of a breakdown. That night, Jack approaches her to console her about Jessica's death and asks what shes going to do now. She tells Jack that she's going to smoke out everyone involved in the operation and kill bin Laden. George (Mark Strong) arrives to brief Maya and her co-workers in the aftermath of the bombing, pointing out that they are losing the fight against their enemy. He yells that they "haven't done shit"; killing four of the 20 members of bin Laden's inner circle is a terrible success rate. He harshly demands they do their jobs and bring him people to kill. Maya is given a file on a man called Ibrahim Sayeed whose extended family was involved in terrorist activities. She is told that it was a lead that had been on the back burner for a while as a result of all the white noise. Maya goes over the Abu Ahmed files one more time and realizes that Sayeed and Abu Ahmed have many similar facial features due to their family relations. Maya calls Dan in Washington and points out that Abu Ahmed might not be dead since the three eldest brothers looked alike, the picture they've been associating with him is wrong. Abu Ahmed is still in play. She asks him to get the Sayeed family's phone number. Dan goes to talk to The Wolf (Fredric Lehne), a shadowy high-ranking official in the U.S. government, and requests a couple hundred thousand dollars to break open Maya's lead. The Wolf tells Dan that there is a lot of oversight going on and that they will not stop until they have a body, so Dan makes a deal he ran some of the ops that are currently under question if the Wolf backs him financially, he will return the favor by defending the methods used to an oversight committee. Kuwait City, Kuwait. Dan meets with one of his highly placed contacts and buys him a Lamborghini in exchange for the phone number. Maya meets with Larry (Edgar Ramirez) from Ground Branch and has him start hunting for Abu Ahmed. Larry and Hakim go for a drive in the city and begin to trace the identity of the Sayeed brother who is likely Abu Ahmed. In the aftermath of an attempted car bombing in NYC, Maya tries to talk to Bradley about the ground surveillance on the caller which Bradley says they don't have. Bradley wants to dismiss her lead because it is not relevant. He doesn't care about bin Laden, he only cares about stopping the next attack. Their goal is to protect the homeland, but Bradley points out that Maya's lead is a "fucking facilitator." Maya threatens Bradley telling him to give her the team she needs or send her back to DC and face a hearing before congress to be the first station chief to be called before congress for subverting the effort to find and kill Bin Laden. Bradley tells her she's crazy but gives the order. Jack approaches Maya in a bar and gives her a cell phone her suspect bought a new phone and they cloned a copy so that whenever his phone rings this cloned phone will ring as well. Hakim, Larry, and a third agent follow the signal on the phone in Pakistan. After briefly being stopped and threatened by locals, they drive away and are able to find the owner of the cell phone. They ID him and photograph his vehicle. A crowd of protesters outside the CIA facility in Pakistan protest Bradley having been named in a lawsuit by the family of a victim of a drone strike by the ISI. Bradley is recalled to the United States to be removed from his position. Maya tells him that the ISI fucked him, but he says nothing. Larry and Hakim follow the suspects vehicle to a compound. As Maya leaves her house, a pair of terrorists emerge and open fire on her vehicle. The bulletproof windshield protects her and she reverses back into her driveway while the gate closes behind her, preventing her assassins from finishing the job. The new station chief points out that she is now on a list and once someone is on a terrorists list they don't get off. When Maya is given information on the compound, she realizes that is likely where bin Laden is holed up. Going up the chain of command, Maya meets with George and another analyst named Steve (Mark Duplass). Steve takes her into a private conference room to discuss what she is about to present to the Director of the CIA. He asks Maya if the Pakistanis are involved but Maya points out that bin Laden has no reason to seek the protection of the Pakistanis since they tried to have him killed. The Director (James Gandolfini) arrives and Steve begins his presentation with George answering the Director's questions; the house is about a mile away from the Pakistanis equivalent to West Point. Maya corrects Georges estimation by saying 8/10ths of a mile The Director asks who Maya is and she says she's the "motherfucker who found" the house. Maya goes to Georges office and writes on the see-through partition "21", as in the number of days since they've found the house that George has not green-lit an operation. Soon 21 becomes "52". Steve shows satellite imagery of the compound and points out that there are two males and three females which means that there is likely a third family in the house, based on Muslim traditions. George meets with the head of the NSA (Stephen Dillane) who questions as to how they know bin Laden is in the compound. George assesses all their attempts and the actions of the third, unidentified male, and points out that they are professional attempts to avoid detection. The only people who behave like this are at the head of al-Qaeda. The NSA head points out that there's a 40% chance it's a head of al-Qaeda but it could easily be a drug dealer. George points out that they can't ask anyone since the detainee program went to hell. Day 100. George meets with the NSA head again, stating that their target can't be a drug dealer since he does nothing related to heroin production and sends messengers to two cities highly associated with al-Qaeda. After the meeting, George approaches the NSA head and points out he doesn't have the rhythm of the politics. The NSA head points out that if it were political he'd just tell George to go fuck himself instead, this operation is pure risk. The NSA head says the operation may be shakier than when George's predecessor pitched WMDs in Iraq. George asks him how they can quantify the risk of not making a move. The NSA head says that he's not giving the go-ahead but that the President would like to hear options. Area 51, Nevada Air Force Base. George, Dan, and Maya are flown out to meet with SEAL Team Six and look at several helicopters being refitted to be immune to radar. Team Six thinks they will be going up against Gaddafi in Libya but Maya explains that they are actually going after "UBL"; Usama bin Laden. Justin (Chris Pratt) is skeptical because he was part of a mission back in 2007 that cost them several team members and was a ghost. Patrick (Joel Edgerton) the squad leader expresses his skepticism, but Maya makes it clear that Team Six will be the "canaries" sent in; they will find bin Laden and kill him for her since she can't get authorization to simply drop a bomb on the place. Day 129. The CIA Director calls a meeting with George, Dan, Maya, The Wolf, and a consultant named Jeremy (John Barrowman), and they try and determine how accurate their intel is. Dan says there's a 60% chance there's a high-level target in the house he doesn't know if it's bin Laden. George says 80% but Jeremy asks Maya what she thinks. Maya says 100% which impresses Jeremy and the Director. When they leave the room, the Director says they're all cowed. Jeremy says that Maya is "fucking smart", but the Director says: "we're all fucking smart". Maya eats lunch in a CIA cafeteria and the CIA Director approaches her. He asks her how long she's been with the CIA and she tells him that she was recruited out of high school so she's been working for them for 12 years. He asks her what else she's done for the CIA aside from her search for bin Laden. She says she's done nothing else but that. He smiles and says she certainly has a flair for it. He asks her if she knows why she was recruited by the CIA. For some reason she is not able to answer that question. Part 4: THE CANARIES May 1, 2011. Forward Operating base, Afghanistan: Stealth choppers are being refitted for the mission. Patrick, Justin, and the rest of SEAL Team Six clean their weapons and fool around. Hakim and Maya are on site to oversee the operation. Maya watches Patrick and Justin play horse shoes and discuss whether or not the operation is concrete. Patrick points out that Maya's confidence convinces him that this intelligence is accurate. Maya gets a call from George; it's happening tonight. Team Six board the three helicopters and fly out toward the compound. When they arrive, one of the helicopters is caught in a severe updraft and it crash lands onto a section of the compound. The soldiers are a little banged up but they are alive. They exit and begin to go through the compound. Going from building to building, the SEALs kill anyone who goes for a gun, all the men and a few women. In one case they call out a name, "Khalid", until a man reappears in the stairwell where he fled. They round up the kids and put them together in a room with the women. While more and more local people head toward the compound, Hakim walks out and tells the approaching crowd, first with a megaphone and then without, that they will be killed unless they stop. They do not stop until he repeats his order in English. Justin finds an office loaded with files and computers, an intelligence jackpot. Patrick and the others continue through the main building. Jared, one of the other soldiers, is approaching the third floor and softly calls out "Osama" repeatedly until a man appears. He quickly takes a shot and the man falls. Patrick walks up to the body and plants a few more bullets into it, removing his mask and radioing in that they have a possible positive ID. He takes a picture and they put him in a body bag. Their Squad commander radios in and tells them that they have six minutes to get back to the helicopters with the body and whatever intel they can seize as the Pakistan air force is responding to the crash. Maya receives confirmation that the plan worked with the code phrase "Geronimo for God and country". The SEALs grab what they can and escape to the remaining two helicopters. The downed helicopter is rigged with explosives and they take off and detonate (so the cloaking software and other advanced technology aboard can't be seized). The helicopters return to base and Patrick is congratulated for running a successful operation. Maya is presented with the body and the intelligence they seized. The SEALs congratulate themselves while Maya goes in to unzip the body bag, confirming that bin Laden is dead. A plane is waiting for Maya on the tarmac and she is told that she is the only passenger; she can go wherever she wants. The pilot comments that she must be really important, but he doesn't know what she's done. As the plane's hangar door closes, Maya begins to cry.
tt0460989
Drama,War
Ireland 1920: workers from field and country unite to form volunteer guerrilla armies to face the ruthless "Black and Tan" squads that are being shipped from Britain to block Ireland's bid for independence. Driven by a deep sense of duty and a love for his country, Damien abandons his burgeoning career as a doctor and joins his brother, Teddy, in a dangerous and violent fight for freedom. As the freedom fighters bold tactics bring the British to breaking point, both sides finally agree to a treaty to end the bloodshed. But, despite the apparent victory, civil war erupts and families, who fought side by side, find themselves pitted against one another as sworn enemies, putting their loyalties to the ultimate test.
tt0118607
Drama,History
Amistad is the name of a slave ship traveling from Cuba to the U.S. in 1839. It is carrying a cargo of Africans who have been sold into slavery in Cuba, taken on board, and chained in the cargo hold of the ship. As the ship is crossing from Cuba to the U.S., Cinque, who was a tribal leader in Africa, leads a mutiny and takes over the ship. They continue to sail, hoping to find help when they land. Instead, when they reach the United States, they are imprisoned as runaway slaves. They don't speak a word of English, and it seems like they are doomed to die for killing their captors when an abolitionist lawyer decides to take their case, arguing that they were free citizens of another country and not slaves at all. The case finally gets to the Supreme Court, where John Quincy Adams makes an impassioned and eloquent plea for their release. Based on the true story of America's slave trade, the film shows the saga of an 1839 mutiny aboard the slave ship, Amistad. Much of the story revolves a courtroom drama as lawyers for the slaves seek their freedom and return home. The case is a watershed moment for America-Spain relations, and reveals the political machinations as it holds repercussions on the North-South conflict eventually leading to America's Civil War. About a 1839 mutiny aboard a slave ship that is traveling towards the northeastern coast of America. Much of the story involves a court-room drama about the free man who led the revolt.
tt0914798
Drama,War
The film starts with Bruno (played by Asa Butterfield) who comes to find that his father, a Nazi officer, has been promoted and is in charge of a concentration camp though Bruno does not know it. Bruno also finds out that he, his father (Ralf), mother (Elsa) and sister (Gretel) are required to move from their home in Berlin and they relocate to modern day Poland, the location of the camp. Whilst there Bruno is forbidden from exploring and playing in the garden after his parents become aware that he can see the concentration camp from the garden. Bruno and his sister are also allocated a personal tutor who pushes an antisemitic program of education to the children. As a result Gretel becomes increasingly supportive of the Nazi regime, however, Bruno is not so easily persuaded as the Jews that help from the concentration camp don't fit the characteristics he has been taught to associate with them. One day Bruno disobeys his parents and goes exploring which brings him to the fence of the concentration camp where he meets another boy his own age named Shmuel (played by Jack Scanlon) and it is discovered that they are both unaware of what is going on in the camp. Bruno visits Shmuel regularly often bringing food with him, eventually, Bruno discovers that Shmuel is a Jew and was brought to the camp with his parents. Meanwhile, Lieutenant Kotler reveals to Elsa that the smoke from the camp is from burning the corpses of the Jews, this causes her to confront Ralf. After Kotler violently beats Pavel, one of the Jews who act as servants, and Shmuel is sent as his replacement, upon seeing him Bruno starts to socialise with him and gives him food before being interrupted by Kotler, Kotler then proceeds to shout at Shmeul before asking him where he got the food, Shmuel tells Kotler that Bruno gave him the food but Bruno denies this out of fear for Kotler denies this, when Bruno and Shmuel next meet Shmuel has a black eye but Bruno is forgiven. Later in the story, Ralf tells Bruno and Gretel that they are going with their mother to live with another relative, meanwhile, Shmuel's father goes missing in the concentration camp, Bruno promises Shmuel that he will help look for him. The day that Bruno is due to leave Shmuel gives Bruno a camp uniform and Bruno goes under a loose bit of fence when he reaches the more central part of the camp Bruno starts to discover its true nature. Meanwhile Elsa discovers Bruno is missing and a full search is ordered, sniffer dogs quickly find Bruno's discarded clothes by the fence, meanwhile, Bruno and Shmuel are lead into a gas chamber although they and the other Jews are unaware of it until the Nazi soldier pours the gas in and the prisoners start to panic, meanwhile Ralf realises that a gassing is underway and cries out his sons name with Elsa and Gretel falling to their knees, the film then shows with a shot showing the now silent gas chamber indicating that they have all died. The film ends with a message about the casualties of the Holocaust.
tt0349683
Action,Adventure,Drama
Synopsis of King Arthur (2004) Some historians believe that the classical 15th century take on King Arthur was based on a real hero named Artorius Castus who lived a thousand years earlier during the Roman occupation. At the beginning of the film, Lancelot takes up this story in a voiceover, saying by 300 AD the Roman Empire stretched from Arabia to Britain; however, they were not satisfied and attacked the powerful Sarmatians to the east. At the end of the fourth day of intense fighting, only a few Sarmatian cavalry were left. The Romans had been impressed with their bravery, and spared their lives on two conditions: first, they would be incorporated into the Roman military and second, their children and childrens children were also pressed into service. Therefore, in 452 AD Lancelot as a young lad was taken into service--around the same time a young Arthur was being groomed to take over from his father as leader of the Sarmation knights. With his father away often, the priest Pelagius had become his beloved guardian (prior to travelling to Rome to spread his message of free will and freedom, which was blasphemous to the Pope). The Knights under Arthur have served their fifteen years in Roman Britain south of Hadrians Wall. The film jumps to 467 AD as Arthur and the remnants of his knights ride out to meet Bishop Germanius and his Roman escort who is coming to present their freedom papers for travel throughout the Roman Empire. Merlin's Woads attack the Bishops escort, and the knights arrive in time to turn the tables on the attackers. They return to the Hadrian's Wall garrison, but not before Arthur surprisingly spares the life of a Woad, while being watched from the trees by Merlin. Arthur offers Germanius his quarters to refresh himself. Whilst there Germanius notices a disc of Arthur's depicting Pelagius and contemptuously tosses it on to the floor, breaking it. He is further horrified when he comes to the meal to find a round table where he could not assume a position of head of the table. Arthur, who wanted to follow Pelagius teaching, had introduced this; it was necessary for all to have equal placements at the table. However, there are many empty places, and all that survive are Arthur (Clive Owen), Lancelot (Ioan Gruffudd), Tristan, Gawain, Galahad, Bors (Ray Winstone) and Dagonet. Bishop Germanius firstly dismays the knights by reporting that the Romans would now be pulling out of Britain and that a large Saxon army had landed and would probably take over the country. So for what had they risked their lives? He then dismisses the others, in order to explain to Arthur alone the double-edged reason for his visit: the Marius Honorius family, in particular his son Alecto, the Pope's favorite godson and pupil (and a possible papal successor), were in danger of capture by the Saxons. Arthur and his men have been ordered by Rome to effect a rescue before their freedom papers can be served. Arthur is furious on behalf of his fellow knights at this betrayal of their freedom--being sent on their most dangerous mission yet--as they would need to travel north of Hadrian's Wall. The wily Germanius says it is for the Church whom Arthur loves and surely, they would not balk at rescuing a young boy. Arthur goes into the courtyard as Bors' partner Vanora sings a hypnotic song about home. Arthur is spotted but he dashes their hopes when he explains their mission. Dagonet implicitly trusts Arthur and prepares for the mission. The others in varying degrees of reluctance and anger follow his example, and the next day they set off through Hadrian's Wall. Meanwhile Cerdic's Saxons have landed. They burn every building and kill everyone they come across. They are joined by a Woad spy who tells them of the important Roman family. Cerdic (Stellan Starsgard) sends his son Cynric with his men to capture the family and then rejoin his father at Hadrian's Wall. Arthur's men go deep into Woad territory to reach the Roman family and are soon ambushed by the Woads. As they move in for the kill, Merlin gets word of the Saxon invasion, and to their disgust, he pulls the Woads back from the ambush; Arthur and his men are bemused to find they are free to continue their journey. They reach the family, and the father Marius at first refuses to go, but Arthur forces them for the sake of his mens freedom. He then learns of Marius' harsh dealings of the peasants, which cuts across his Pelagian ideals. He sets their local leader free and orders them to prepare for the march south. They are about to depart, hearing the Saxons' drums, when Arthur becomes suspicious of a bricked-up building. There he finds Woads with all but two starved and tortured to death. He rescues the two survivors--Guinevere (Keira Knightley) and a young boy--and takes them on their escape route from the Saxons. Marius is furious but Arthur fells him and they all leave, with Marius threatening reprisals when they get back to Hadrian's Wall. Guinevere recovers on the journey and plays with both Arthur's and Lancelot's feelings, telling them that the Britons, not the Romans, are their real heritage. Arthur knows they must rest and they spend the night in a forest. He follows Guinevere who brings him to Merlin. He accuses Guinevere of leading him into a trap, but she says Merlin is not there to kill him. Merlin explains that his men see Arthur more Briton than Roman and as their only leader against the Saxon invasion. As day breaks, Marius grabs the Woad boy and threatens to kill him. Guinevere calmly shoots Marius with her bow and arrow, and his men are given the choice of surrendering or dying. They choose the former. Tristan arrives and says the Saxons are much closer and they must leave. As they journey, Arthur seeks Alecto's forgiveness for his father's death. However, Alecto calmly says not only had his father lost his way, but stuns Arthur by saying he fights for a Rome that doesn't exist and that Pelagius had been excommunicated and killed under Germanius' orders for heresy the previous year. They reach a glacier and the Saxons are right on their tail. They dismount from their wagons and Arthur leads them all carefully over the cracking ice. He then sends the rest on while the seven knights and Guinevere take up a position at the end of the glacier with bows and arrows to await the Saxons. As the Saxons approach, the knights starting killing those on the flanks, forcing the advancing Saxons to bunch, but still the ice doesn't break up. Arthur realises the ice is not going to break and gives the order to draw swords. Dagonet rushes forward with his axe and starts hacking away at the ice. The archers try to protect him, but eventually Saxon arrows get through and he dies just as his last blow breaks up the ice. Many Saxons drown and the rest cannot follow them as a sad Arthur and his men retrieve Dagonet's body, catch up with the column and lead them to safety. Cynric and his survivors return to his father, who strips him of his leadership and humiliates him. A very belligerent band of knights snatches their freedom papers from Germanius and then buries Dagonet. After the funeral, Guinevere sits with Arthur and presses the point of how his allegiance should really be with this island, especially now that the Romans have tricked him. That night Guinevere comes to his bed and while they are making love, Arthur is summoned to the wall where he witnesses the Saxons' arrival. Arthur is now convinced that he should remain. He releases the knights from their allegiance to him and sends them away with Germanius and the Roman garrison, while he and the villagers prepare their defenses. They are joined by Merlin and the Woad archers led by Guinevere. Cerdic is desperate to meet this Arthur, the name he has continually heard since he landed. Under cover of a truce, he meets him face to face, finally deciding that Arthur is the first man on this island worth killing. As Arthur goes back behind Hadrian's Wall, an invigorated Cerdic watches as the gates to the Wall mysteriously open. He sends an advance party of Saxons (Cyrnic's survivors but without Cyrnic) forward to soften up Arthur's men. Meanwhile as the retreating Romans march away, the remaining knights' horses are unsettled by the sound of the Saxons beating on their war drums. The knights look at each other and know they have to rejoin Arthur, but this time it is of their own volition. The first wave of Saxons is annihilated by a combination of the Woad archers and the knights so Cerdic leads his remaining men into the final bloody battle. This time the big siege engines are brought in by Merlin to support Arthur. Lancelot and Cyrnic kill each other, Cerdic pointedly kills Tristan in the sight of Arthur, who charges Cerdic; they fight to the death--Cerdic's death. The Saxons are annihilated at the place now known as Badon's Hill. Arthur is grief-stricken over Lancelot's death and says he has let them all down, but the survivors--Gawain, Galahad, and Bors--stand by him. In the final scene, Merlin marries Arthur and Guinevere and Arthur is proclaimed King to the joy and support of Woads and Knights alike. Edited 21 January 2015. (ly)
tt0097441
Biography,Drama,History
During the American Civil War, the Massachusetts Infantry Regiment engages Confederate forces in the bloody Battle of Antietam. Captain Robert Shaw (Matthew Broderick) is injured in the battle and assumed lost, but is found alive by a gravedigger named John Rawlins (Morgan Freeman) and sent to a field hospital. While on medical leave in Boston, Shaw visits his family, and is introduced to former slave and abolitionist, Frederick Douglass. Shaw is offered a promotion to the rank of Colonel, and command of the first all-black regiment the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, which will consist solely of black soldiers. He accepts the responsibility, and asks his childhood friend, Major Cabot Forbes (Cary Elwes) to serve as his second-in-command. Their first volunteer soldier is another one of Shaw's friends, a bookish freeman named Thomas Searles (Andre Braugher). Other recruits soon follow, including Rawlins, timid freeman Jupiter (Jihmi Kennedy), and Trip (Denzel Washington), an escaped slave who is mistrustful of Shaw. Trip instantly clashes with Thomas, and Rawlins must keep the peace. When the Confederacy issues an order that all black soldiers found in Union uniform will be summarily executed as will their white officers, the opportunity is given to all men in the 54th to take a honorable discharge, but none do. The black soldiers undergo a Draconian training regimen under the harsh supervision of Sgt. Mulcahy (John Finn). Forbes and Shaw argue over the brutality of the training, as the former believes they will never be allowed to fight and will only be used as a manual labor force. When Trip goes AWOL and is caught, Shaw orders him flogged in front of the troops. The scars of his previous beatings as a slave are exposed and this presents a real dilemma for the abolitionist Shaw. While talking to Rawlins, Shaw finds out that Trip had left merely to find suitable shoes to replace his own worn ones. Shaw realizes that supplies are being denied to his soldiers because of their race. He belligerently confronts the quartermaster, Kendric (Richard Riehle), and finds out that indeed shoes and socks were in stock but had not been given to the black soldiers. His advocacy on behalf of his soldiers continues through a pay dispute during which the Federal government decided to pay black soldiers less than white soldiers. Once the 54th completes its training, they are transferred under the command of General Charles Garrison Harker (Bob Gunton). On the way to joining the war in South Carolina, the 54th is ordered to sack a Georgia town and burn it by Harker's second-in-command, Colonel Montgomery (Cliff De Young). After first refusing, he obeys the order and the town is destroyed. Shaw continues to lobby his superiors to allow his men to join the fight. All their duties since being activated involved building and manual labor. Shaw invests Rawlins as a Sergeant Major and Rawlins begins the difficult task of earning respect from both the white and black soldiers. Shaw confronts Harker and threatens to report the smuggling, looting, and graft he has discovered unless Harker orders the 54th into combat. In their first battle on James Island, South Carolina, early success is followed by a bloody confrontation with many casualties. However, the Confederates are beaten and retreat. During the battle, Thomas is wounded but saves Trip, finally earning the respect of the former slave. He subsequently refuses to go home to recover. Some time after, General George Strong (Jay O. Sanders) informs Shaw and his superiors of a major campaign to secure a foothold in Charleston Harbor. This will involve assaulting the nearby Morris Island and capturing its impenetrable fortress, Battery Wagner. The fort's only landward approach is via a small strip of beach with little cover, and the first regiment to charge is sure to suffer extremely heavy casualties. Shaw volunteers to have the 54th lead the charge. The night before the battle, the black soldiers conduct a religious service where individual soldiers offer their prayers amid singing hymns. Rawlins and Trip make emotional speeches to inspire the troops and to ask for God's help. The 54th leads the charge on the fort and heavy casualties ensue on the beach as artillery fire smashes through the ranks. As night falls the bombardment continues and no progress can be made. Shaw attempts to urge the men forward, but is shot several times and killed. Stunned, the soldiers stay where they are until Trip lifts up the flag and rallies the soldiers to continue on. He is shot several times while doing so, but holds up the flag to his last breath. Forbes takes charge of the regiment, and they are able to break through the fort's outer defenses, but find themselves greatly outnumbered once they are inside. The morning after the battle, we see the beach littered with bodies as the Confederate flag is raised over the fort. As the corpses are buried in a mass grave, Shaw and Trip's bodies fall next to each other. The closing narration reveals that Battery Wagner was never taken by Union forces. However, the sacrifice of the 54th, which lost nearly half its men in the battle, was not in vain, as their bravery inspired the Union to recruit thousands more black men for combat. Their participation would be credited by President Abraham Lincoln as an important factor that enabled the Union to achieve final victory over the Confederacy.
tt0416449
Action,Drama,Fantasy
Spartan customs are harsh. The Spartans inspect each infant born to ensure it is whole - if it is deformed, the baby is abandoned to die. They raise their boys in the school of hard knocks, the agoge - in combat training, a small boy's loss of his weapon earns a bloody lip from the hand of his own father. At age 7, each young boy is torn from his mother and makes his own way in the wilderness, to return a man. Even the King endures this rite of passage. At age 15, young King-to-be Leonidas (Tyler Neitzel) lures a wolf into a narrow passage so that he can kill it. He returns home to be crowned King. Years later, messengers visit King Leonidas (Gerard Butler) requesting Sparta's submission to King Xerxes (Rodrigo Santoro). Insulted by their attitude, King Leonidas kicks the messengers into a well. Acknowledging the threat of Xerxes's invasion force, he visits the Ephors (priests) to obtain their favour before sending the Spartan army in battle. He proposes to repel the numerically superior enemy by using the terrain of the Hot Gates of Thermopylae, funneling the Persians into a narrow pass between the rocks and the sea, where their immense numbers will "count for nothing." The Ephors, wary of the plan, consult the Oracle (Kelly Craig). In her drugged trance she decrees that Sparta must not go to war, lest they interrupt the sacred Carneian festival. Leonidas departs in anger, and the priests receive their bribe of Xerxes' gold from the Spartan traitor, Theron (Dominic West), for their negative response. Leonidas is reluctant to defy the corrupt clergy outright, but his wife (Lena Headey) encourages him to think outside the box. Leonidas elects to take 300 of his best soldiers as his "bodyguard" on a leisurely walk to the strategic Hot Gates location. His wife says goodbye, telling him to come back "with his shield or on it", and gives him a necklace. On the road they meet some allies, who are shocked that the Spartans are sending such a small force. Leonidas asks the professions of the allied army, who are craftsmen and artisans. He points out that he has brought more soldiers than they. Joined by Arcadians and other Greeks, they arrive at Thermopylae. In sight of the approaching Persian army, they construct a wall to contain the Persians' advance. Strong storms destroy some of Xerxes fleet, but it is only a small percentage of the massive army they will face. A horribly disfigured man, Ephialtes (Andrew Tiernan), comes to see Leonidas to warn him of a disused goat path at the rear of his position. Ephialtes claims that his parents fled Sparta at his birth to save his life. He hopes to redeem them by fighting for Leonidas. Leonidas explains that each Spartan warrior is a key part of the phalanx, and asks Ephialtes to show that he can lift his shield high enough to properly defend his fellow warriors. When it becomes evident that he cannot, Leonidas gently tells him to care for the fallen instead. Ephialtes' fondest hopes are crushed. A Persian emissary arrives, and finds that the corpses of the previous scouting party now make up part of the large rock wall. The Persian states that their arrows will blot out the sun, and the Spartans agree they will simply fight in the shade. The emissary's party is killed. Prior to the battle the Persians demand that the Spartans drop their arms and surrender. Leonidas refuses and challenges the Persians to come and take their weapons from them. With their tightly-knit phalanx formation, the Spartans funnel the Persians into the narrow terrain, repeatedly rebuffing them and inflicting heavy casualties. Xerxes, impressed with Spartan fighting skill, personally approaches Leonidas to persuade him to surrender. He promises Leonidas wealth and power in exchange for his loyalty. Leonidas declines, promising instead to make the "God King" bleed, and turns to rejoin his army. Dismayed at the refusal, Xerxes sends his masked personal guard, "The Immortals", which name the Spartans also prove false. The battles continue, with the Spartans prevailing over soldiers and animals drawn from the vast reaches of the Persian empire: from Mongolian barbarians and Eastern chemists to African rhinoceroses and Indian war elephants. However, some of the brave Spartan warriors are killed, and it becomes clear that more will follow. Ephialtes goes to Xerxes, and agrees to show the goat path to the Persians in exchange for a uniform, along with promises of women and wealth. Xerxes will grant Ephialtes his wish if he will kneel before the god king. Back in Sparta, Queen Gorgo has been trying to convince the council to send help to Leonidas. A friendly councilman arranges for her to speak, but explains that she will need Theron on her side. Theron agrees to help her if she will sleep with him - so she does. At the Hot Gates, the Spartans learn they have been betrayed, and know their fight is doomed. The Arcadians retreat in the face of certain death. The Spartans refuse to follow. Leonidas orders a reluctant Dilios to return to Sparta and tell of their inevitable deaths. In Sparta, Queen Gorgo makes her appeal to the council. Instead of supporting her as promised, Theron betrays her, accusing her of adultery. Enraged, Gorgo snatches a sword and stabs Theron, rupturing a bag of gold hidden in his robe. As the coins stamped with Persian markings spill onto the ground, the Council realizes Theron's treachery and agree to unite against Persia. At the Hot Gates, as the Persians surround the Spartans, who have created a dome out of their shields. Leonidas stands along in front of the dome. Xerxes's general demands their surrender, declaring that Leonidas may keep his title as King of Sparta and become Warlord of all Greece, answerable only to Xerxes. Ephialtes urges this as well, to which Leonidas remarks, "May you live forever," an insult from a culture valuing death and valor in battle. Leonidas drops his shield and removes his helmet, seemingly bowing in submission. Stelios then bursts out of the dome and leaps over his king and kills the general. A furious Xerxes orders his troops to attack. As Persian archers shoot the remaining Spartans, Leonidas rises and hurls his spear at Xerxes, ripping open his cheek, thus making "the God-King bleed." Xerxes, visibly shaken by this reminder of his own mortality, watches as the remaining Spartans perish beneath the combined might of his army. Leonidas himself marks his final moments by telling his wife aloud that he loves her. A rain of arrows falls upon him and the screen goes black. Back in Sparta, Dilios gives the necklace to Queen Gorgo and tells her of her husband's fate. Concluding his tale before an audience of attentive Spartans, Dilios declares that the 120,000-strong Persian army that narrowly defeated 300 Spartans now faces 10,000 Spartans commanding 30,000 Greeks. Praising Leonidas's sacrifice, Dilios leads the assembled Greek army into a fierce charge against the Persian army, igniting the Battle of Plataea.
tt0215750
Drama,History,War
In 1942, Vassili Zaitsev (Jude Law), a shepherd from the Ural Mountains who is now a soldier in the Red Army, finds himself on the front lines of the Battle of Stalingrad. Sent on a suicidal charge against the invading Germans, he uses impressive marksmanship skillstaught to him by his grandfather from a young ageto save himself and commissar Danilov (Joseph Fiennes). Nikita Khrushchev (Bob Hoskins) arrives in Stalingrad to coordinate the city's defenses and demands ideas to improve morale. Danilov, now a Senior Lieutenant, suggests that the people need figures to idolize, and publishes tales of Vassili's exploits in the army's newspaper that paint him as a national hero and propaganda icon. Vassili is transferred to the sniper division, and he and Danilov become friends. They also both become romantically interested in Tania (Rachel Weisz), a citizen of Stalingrad who has become a Private in the local militia. Danilov has her transferred to an intelligence unit away from the battlefield. With the Soviet snipers taking an increasing toll on the German forces, German Major Erwin König (Ed Harris) is deployed to Stalingrad to take out Vassili and thus crush Soviet morale. A renowned marksman and head of the German Army sniper school at Zossen, he lures Vassili into a trap and takes out two of his fellow snipers, but Vassili manages to escape. When the Red Army command learns of König's mission, they dispatch his former student Koulikov (Ron Perlman) to help Vassili kill him. However, König tricks Koulikov into revealing his position and kills him with a very skillful shot, shaking Vassili's spirits considerably. Khrushchev pressures Danilov to bring the sniper standoff to a conclusion. When Tania requests to be reassigned to the sniper division, Danilov asks Vassili to discourage her. Vassili attempts to do so, but relents when Tania tells him how her Jewish parents were murdered by the Germans. Danilov recruits young local boy Sacha Fillipov (Gabriel Thomson), who idolizes Vassili and does small jobs for the Germans in exchange for food, to act as a double agent by passing König false information about Vassili's whereabouts, thus giving Vassili a chance to ambush the Major. Vassili sets a trap for König and manages to wound him, but during a second attempt Vassili falls asleep after many hours and his sniper log is taken by a looting German soldier. The German command takes the log as evidence of Vassili's death and plans to send König home, but the Major does not believe that Vassili is dead. He tells Sacha where he will be next, suspecting that the boy will tell Vassili. Tania and Vassili have meanwhile fallen in love, and the jealous Danilov disparages Vassili in a letter to his superiors. König spots Tania and Vassili waiting for him at his next ambush, confirming his suspicions about Sacha. He kills the boy and hangs his body from a pole to bait Vassili. Vassili vows to kill König and sends Tania and Danilov to evacuate Sacha's mother (Eva Mattes) from the city, but Tania is wounded by shrapnel en route to the evacuation boats. Thinking her dead, Danilov laments his jealousy for Vassili and his resulting disenchantment with the communist cause. Finding Vassili waiting to ambush König, Danilov intentionally exposes himself in order to reveal the Major's position and is killed. Thinking he has killed Vassili, König goes to inspect the body, but realizes too late that he has fallen into a trap and is in Vassili's sights. He turns to face Vassili, who then kills him. Two months later, after Stalingrad has been liberated and the German forces have surrendered, Vassili finds Tania recovering in a field hospital.
tt0299977
Action,Adventure,History
&#12298;&#33521;&#38596;&#12299; The movie opens with a brief history saying that China was once divided into seven kingdoms that warred with each other constantly. It took one man to conquer all the kingdoms and unite the land into what is now China. The opening captions also introduce the theme of the movie: "people die for all sorts of reasons, for friendship, for love, for an ideal...and people kill for these same reasons also." A nameless man (Jet Li) is brought to meet the king of Qin (Daoming Chen) in his palace. Nameless is stripped naked, searched for weapons, and informed that he must remain 100 paces from the king at all times or he will be killed immediately. It is announced that Nameless is being honored for killing three assassins from the kingdom of Zhao. These assassins are named Sky (Donnie Yen), Flying Snow (Maggie Cheung), and Broken Sword (Tony Chiu-Wai Leung). Nameless says he is a minor law-enforcement officer from Qin and presents a silver spear-head, which is recognized as the weapon of Sky. Nameless claims he killed Sky in a one-on-one duel. The king is amazed because Sky was such a lethal fighter. The king sets aside the spear and orders the official reward to be granted: a lot of gold, a lot of land, and the right to approach within 20 paces of the king to have a drink with him. The king asks Nameless to explain how he defeated Sky. We flash back to a chess hall where royal guards from Qin attempt to arrest Sky. Sky beats them all, mangling their swords and telling them to go away. As he is about to walk out, Nameless appears and announces he is there to arrest Sky. Sky does not believe him, feeling confident from his recent victory. The two have a fight (which is extremely fast and amazing to watch!) and find that they are evenly matched. Nameless pays an blind man to play music while they fight. While the music is playing, Sky and Nameless imagine the fight in their minds. This goes on until the strings on the harp-like instrument break and the two fighters open their eyes back to reality. Nameless launches into Sky fast enough to cut through Sky's spear and stab him. The royal guards witness all of this. Back in the present, Nameless presents two swords to the king: the weapons of Flying Snow and Broken Sword. The king declares that Flying Snow and Broken Sword tried to kill him 3 years ago. They hacked their way through entire armies of his men to get to him--but their attempt failed and they escaped. Since then, the king has kept all people 100 paces away from him and he has never taken off his armor or known a single night of peaceful sleep. With the proof of their deaths in front of him, the king orders the official reward for Nameless. For killing Broken Sword and Flying Snow, Nameless is rewarded with more gold, more lands, and the right to approach within 10 paces of the king to have a drink with him. The king asks how Nameless killed the assassins. Nameless explains that the two were lovers but the couple had a falling out 3 years ago. Nameless says he used their troubled relationship to drive them apart. In a flashback to a calligraphy school in the land of Zhao, everyone wears red. Broken Sword is a calligraphy master. Flying Snow is in the scene as well. Also at the school is a young woman named Moon (Ziyi Zhang), Broken Sword's servant. Nameless hires Broken Sword to draw a scroll eight feet tall and four feet wide with a single character on it: the Chinese word for sword. But Nameless explains that (due to the complexities of Chinese written language) there are 19 ways to write the word "sword." Nameless asks for the 20th variation. We cut briefly back to the king, who is perturbed that the languages have gotten so complex. He proclaims that his ideal is to unite the lands and people as one country and establish a single written language. Nameless explains that sword play is much like calligraphy and he knew if he could have an example of Broken Sword's calligraphy, he would learn the secret to defeating his sword-fighting ability. The scroll is revealed and displayed behind the king. The king looks at it and asks Nameless to continue. At the calligraphy school, while Broken Sword is working on the scroll, the archers of Qin attack. This is a visually spectacular scene as millions of arrows are fired at the school. Flying Snow and Nameless look at each other and decide to stop the arrows, which are piercing the walls and killing students. Flying Snow and Nameless leap on to the roof and deflect the rain of arrows to save the school. Though many have already died, they stop any further arrows from harming anyone. The legendary archers of Qin retreat and make camp, preparing to attack again in the morning. Nameless reveals to Broken Sword and Flying Snow that he is a soldier of Qin and challenges them both to a duel. He takes the scroll that he has paid for and says if they accept his challenge to meet him at the army encampment the next day. That night Nameless meditates on the scroll. Broken Sword (knowing the scroll will reveal his weakness to Nameless) makes love to Moon (knowing that Flying Snow is watching) and is killed by Flying Snow for his betrayal. Moon tries to avenge her master but is killed by Flying Snow in another beautifully colorful fight scene amongst a shower of yellow leaves. The next day at the army camp, Nameless tells the soldiers to back off so he can have his fight with Flying Snow. Nameless and Flying Snow fight, but she is so emotionally distraught by all that has happened that he easily wins. The soldiers witness Nameless killing Flying Snow. We cut back to the throne room. There are strange torches between Nameless and the king that flicker in perfect unison. The king announces that he does not believe what Nameless has said. He does not believe that Broken Sword and Flying Snow were that emotionally immature. The king goes on about his suspicions. Looking paranoid, the king suspects that Nameless was working with the assassins all along. This was all a plot to put Nameless within 10 paces of the throne so he can kill the king with some awesome technique that Nameless must have. He suspects that Broken Sword and Flying Snow were willing to die for this since they tried to kill him before. In the scenes depicting the king's version of the story, everyone wears blue. Nameless presents himself to Broken Sword and Flying Snow. He displays a phenomenal technique that can kill everyone and everything within 10 paces of him, saying he used this technique to kill Sky. Nameless explains he can use this to kill the king but the only way to get close enough is to collect the reward for killing Broken Sword and Flying Snow. Nameless says he only has to kill one of them in front of the soldiers and they will believe his claim that he killed them both. Broken Sword and Flying Snow must decide which one of them will die by his sword. The next day Broken Sword and Flying Snow are walking towards the camp when Broken Sword attempts to injure Flying Snow. She is faster than him (suspecting he would try this) and she injures him instead, saying she is going to die and wants only for him to continue living. He is now too injured to stop her and so they have a tearful farewell. Flying Snow goes to the camp, fights Nameless, and dies. Nameless then shows up at a lake where Broken Sword is mourning Flying Snow. Out of honor, Broken Sword attacks Nameless; they fly over the lake as they fight. They are evenly matched, but Broken Sword stops fighting, gives Nameless his sword and allows Nameless to leave. We cut back to the throne room as the king finishes his interpretation of what happened between Nameless, Broken Sword and Flying Snow. The flames flicker in unison again. Nameless says "your majesty is very perceptive." The king says he knew because the movement of the flames is a warning of murderous intent. The king, realizing that the man sitting 10 paces from him could kill him at any moment, asks who Nameless really is. Nameless says that he is an orphan from Zhao whose family was slaughtered by the armies of Qin. He perfected his sword technique throughout his life in order to one day avenge his family. Nameless then tells the king what really happened. We now have a flashback of the truth! In scenes with actors clothed in white, Nameless displays his technique for killing anyone within 10 paces and also shows that he can use this technique to miss every vital organ but still make the stab seem fatal; he did this to Sky. The truth is that Sky still lives! But the royal guards will think (and report) that Sky is dead. Nameless only needs to perform this move on Broken Sword and Flying Snow in public; they won't die and Nameless will have his opportunity to kill the king. Flying Snow agrees, but Broken Sword refuses. The king is shocked to hear this but it is the truth. Broken Sword does not want the king to die for reasons that he does not explain. Flying Snow attacks Broken Sword. She accuses him of ruining the opportunity they had to kill the king 3 years ago, and she won't let him ruin this plan as well. Nameless intervenes in the fight enough to distract Broken Sword so that Flying Snow can wound him. With Broken Sword wounded, Moon attacks Nameless but it is obvious that Nameless is a better fighter, so Broken Sword tells her to stop. The next day, Nameless uses his technique to apparently "kill" Flying Snow in front of the soldiers. The day after all that, Broken Sword confronts Nameless and confirms that Flying Snow is all right. Broken Sword gives Nameless his weapon to make it look like both Broken Sword and Flying Snow are dead so the plan will work...but he still begs Nameless not to kill the king. Nameless asks why. Broken Sword writes two words in the sand and walks away. Somewhere in all this (sorry, I don't remember where), Flying Snow arranges for a spy to watch over Nameless. She asks that this old man wave a red flag outside the palace if the assassination is successful, or a yellow one if the assassination fails. She needs to know, because her family was killed by the Qin armies as well. She believes she cannot die in peace unless she knows the king is dead. Back in the throne room, the King asks Nameless what two words Broken Sword wrote. Nameless answers "our land." The king then asks how Nameless planned to kill him without a sword. Nameless answers "by taking yours." The king realizes there is nothing else he can do--so he takes his sword out and throws it to Nameless. The sword stabs into the floor between them. Then the king tells Nameless about the attempt on his life 3 years ago. In the last flashback, Broken Sword and Flying Snow fight their way into the palace and kill hundreds of soldiers to get to the throne room. There Broken Sword fights the king in the throne room while Flying Snow holds off the guards to keep anyone from helping the king. The king turns out to be quite a fighter but Broken Sword wins none-the-less. However, in this moment, Broken Sword sees something in the king's stare and decides to spare him. Flying Snow is shocked by this. They make their escape and we assume their relationship was never the same again. Back in the throne room, the archers have gathered in the doorway to kill Nameless but the king knows they cannot stop Nameless. The king stands up and turns his back to Nameless, saying he is ready to die because he realizes that Broken Sword did not kill him because Broken Sword understood the king's goal: to unite all kingdoms "under heaven" and end all the wars and suffering in all the lands. The king says he can die happy, knowing that someone like Broken Sword could understand his vision, and thus there is hope that others will make it happen in the future. The king stares at the scroll that Broken Sword wrote and further realizes that the ultimate ideal of swordsmanship is to have no sword. Nameless uses his deadly technique, flies through the air...and hits the king in the back with the sword's hilt. Nameless tells the king to remember this lesson: that a ruler must know when to use a sword and when to lay it down. A ruler must know that the goal of swordsmanship is to make peace. Nameless then walks out of the throne room. The guards surround Nameless every step of the way but they do not attack him. Outside the palace, the old man that Flying Snow recruited as a spy comes running out waving a yellow flag. Flying Snow turns to Broken Sword and accuses him of ruining another assassination. She demands to know what he said to Nameless. Broken Sword tells her it was just two words: "our land." Flying Snow doesn't understand what this means; she attacks Broken Sword and they fight. Finally Broken Sword invites her to attack. When she does, he deliberately drops his sword! She stabs him through the heart and cries wondering why he didn't block her. She wraps her arms around him from behind, wanting to be with her lover forever. She pushes the sword through both of them. They both die. Back at the palace, the soldiers still don't attack Nameless because they are waiting for the king's order. The king stares after Nameless with admiration, but his advisers demand that he have Nameless executed. Nameless tried to kill the king; therefore he must be made an example of so that no one else will try this and the king will be safe. The king knows they are right but he does not want to do it. The advisers shout in unison "Your Majesty, execute him!" several times. Nameless reaches the courtyard gates and turns around to face the king. The king silently, reluctantly gives the order and the archers launch a huge volley of arrows at Nameless, who does not try to deflect them. He is killed. A body is carried as if in a royal funeral; captions explain that the Nameless Hero was executed as an assassin but buried as an honored hero. The king of Qin eventually did conquer all the kingdoms and unite them under his rule. He went on to oversee the building of the Great Wall of China. On the closing screen, the following is written: To this day all the people of China refer to their country as...Our Land.
tt0120794
Animation,Adventure,Drama
In ancient Egypt, Hebrew slaves are hard at work making bricks and setting up giant statues and other monuments. Through song, it is implied that they call on their God regularly, seeking deliverance from their slavery, under which they have labored for hundreds of years. On this particular day, while the men are toiling on one side of the Nile River, on the other side their homes are raided by soldiers in the Egyptian army. They take infant boys from their mothers by force and kill them. However, a Hebrew woman, Yocheved, steals away to the river with her baby and her two older children, where she sets the baby adrift in a reed basket--hoping and praying this will save her son. The reed basket makes a tumultuous journey down the river among both dangerous animals and large boats--with several close calls. Eventually it makes its way to the Pharaoh's palace, where his wife and young son, Rameses, play with a lotus flower. The Queen finds and opens the basket. She looks at the baby with love and compassion, chooses to keep him, and names him Moses. Moses' sister, Miriam, having followed the basket, sees this and prays that someday Moses will come back to deliver them from slavery. Many years later (about twenty years, give or take), Moses and Rameses have become rather reckless young men, much to the disdain of their father, Pharaoh Seti. Moses in particular has a tendency for trouble-making; Rameses in turn often finds himself entangled in his brothers tomfoolery, though he is generally more serious. After damaging a temple that was under renovation via an especially foolhardy chariot race, Pharaoh reprimands his sons--especially Rameses since he is next in line for the throne. When Rameses angrily says that one ruined temple won't undo centuries of tradition, Seti retorts, "But one weak link can break the chain of a mighty dynasty!" After he's dismissed, Rameses leaves in indignation and shame. Moses asks Pharaoh why he is so hard on Rameses, especially since he knows Moses is the most responsible for the damage. He replies that since Rameses is the next Pharaoh, he needs to be trained to never turn away from his responsibilities and traditions, even if Moses is the one trying to lead him astray. Moses declares his confidence in Rameses' seriousness and devotion, and tells Seti that he just needs an opportunity to prove himself. Moses finds Rameses sulking over his father's words. He tries to comfort him by sarcastically pointing out how it would be impossible for one man, even a Pharaoh, to ruin the Egyptian empire. Rameses resists his efforts at first, but eventually gives in. Moses points out in jest that Rameses' problem is that he cares too much. Without missing a beat, Rameses says Moses' problem is that he doesn't care at all. Moses replies, "Oh, so I suppose you care more than I do that we're... late for the banquet for example?" Panicking, Rameses runs to the banquet hall with Moses right behind. Moses assures him that no one will notice them enter... until everyone notices them enter. The large hall is filled with people. Fortunately their timing is perfect, because (as their mother, the Queen, whispers to them) Pharaoh Seti had just named Rameses as Prince Regent. Pharaoh had taken Moses advice to heart. Moses proposes to Seti that the high priests, Hotep and Huy (who dislike the two brothers), should offer tribute to their new regent. He agrees, and the two priests decide to offer a beautiful young woman named Tzipporah [the T is silent], a Midianite slave girl who had been captured recently. Though they refer to her as a "delicate, desert flower," she proves to be anything but gentle. Afraid (at first) and angry, she nearly bites Rameses' hand when he gets far too close--so he offers her to Moses instead. Though he tries to decline (as Rameses pushes him towards her), she defies him too and insults him. Rameses laughs and asks, "Are you going to let her talk to you like that?" Moses responds by telling her to show proper respect for a prince of Egypt. She replies, "But I am showing you all the respect you deserve... NONE!" She yanks the rope tied to her wrists from Hotep's hands, but Moses grabs the rope before she can try to escape. She pulls as hard as she can and demands to be set free. Noticing an indoor pond behind her, Moses says "As you wish" and lets go abruptly--causing her to trip and fall into it. The whole room erupts into laughter, except for the Queen who turns her face away in shame. Moses sees this and stops laughing, ashamed that he disappointed his mother. After telling a nearby servant to send Tzipporah to Moses' chambers, Rameses declares, "If it pleases you father, my first act as Regent is to appoint Moses as Royal Chief Architect!" As he says this, he takes a blue scarab ring from his hand and gives it to Moses. The hall congratulates him with cheers and applause, but as he inspects the ring with gratitude, he notices Tzipporah on her way out--glaring at him intensely. It is clear from his facial expression that Moses is not looking forward to that night with her. After the banquet ends, Moses nervously enters his room. Seeing someone seated on his bed behind a curtain, he composes himself and pulls it back. It turns out to be a servant; Tzipporah had tied him up thoroughly (and Moses' dogs too) and had escaped out the open balcony by using several bed-sheets tied together. He sees her sneaking out quietly with a camel and supplies. As he climbs down the sheet-rope, he notices a couple of guards about to cross paths with her. He calls to them, getting their attention, while Tzipporah stops in her tracks. However, instead of having the guards recapture her (he can see her standing behind them by this point), he tells them about the man tied up in his room and orders them to investigate. This surprises Tzipporah, but she runs while Moses watches the guards leave. He follows her as she leaves the palace and travels through the Hebrew settlements. She asks and is given water by a man and a woman at a well near the outer edge of the settlements. She thanks them and escapes into the desert on the camel. When Moses goes to watch Tzipporah leave (clearly captivated by her), the Hebrew woman recognizes him. She says that she is his sister, Miriam, and that the man (named Aaron) is his brother. She assumes that he knows they are his older siblings, and that he has come to see them at last. Aaron tries to prevent Miriam from speaking to Moses, because he can see that Moses has no idea who they are and would end up punishing them for these assertions. He does this by claiming that Miriam is delusional, first because of fatigue from their daily labors (not that it was too much; they quite enjoyed it), and then later because she is mentally ill. Miriam angrily denies these claims and insists that Moses is their brother. Moses is incensed at her words, but Miriam relates how their mother, Yocheved, set him adrift in a basket on the Nile to save his life. Confused, he asks from whom. She answers, "Ask the man that you call 'Father'!" Truly angered by this, he approaches her as she claims that God chose him to deliver the Hebrews out of slavery. He grabs her arm and throws her to the ground, saying, "You will regret this night." Despairing, Miriam starts to sing Yocheved's lullaby to Moses that she sang as she set him in the basket. Walking away, Moses stops because he begins to recognize the song (he had been whistling the tune the previous day). As he turns back around to look at Miriam, he realizes that she was telling the truth. Shocked, Moses runs back to the palace in denial. As he tries to convince himself that this is his true home, and it's all he ever wanted, he falls asleep. He has a nightmare (or possibly a vision) showing what happened the day of which Miriam spoke, including the deaths of the Hebrew infants--thrown into the Nile to drown and be eaten by crocodiles. When Moses wakes in horror, he searches the palace for evidence of this terrible event. It is still night. Eventually he finds a large relief mural with hieroglyphics showing and declaring the death of the Hebrew baby boys--by the command of the man he called "Father." Presumably having been awakened by the torchlight passing through the halls, Pharaoh Seti approaches him and explains that this was a reluctant precaution on his part to keep the slaves from over-multiplying and uprising. He says, "Moses, sometimes... for the greater good... sacrifices must be made." Because Moses is clearly saddened and disturbed, Seti tries to comfort him and justify himself, saying, "They were only slaves." However, due to his new-found knowledge of his Hebrew origins, this drives Moses away from him for good. He leaves Seti's embrace and runs out into the night. Early that morning, Moses' adopted mother finds him sitting by the river where she found him in the basket all those years ago. Confronting her about his origins, he says sadly, "So everything I thought... everything I am... is a lie." She responds, "No! You are our son, and we love you." Asking why she took him in, she says she didn't. She expresses her belief that he was truly sent by the gods, saying, "Here the river brought you, and it's here the river meant to be your home." She embraces him, hoping to comfort and reassure him of their love for him. However, as Rameses presents his new renovation plan to the high priests for the temple he and Moses ruined the previous day, Moses is still deeply unsettled. He is only paying attention to the Hebrews, as if noticing them and their sufferings for the first time. He is especially racked with guilt because they are cleaning up the destruction he caused. As he sadly watches them, he soon observes one of them being whipped violently and repeatedly. It is an old man who is having difficulty with his heavy burdens. He notices Miriam and Aaron working near the man, with Aaron holding her back from trying to interfere. Here Moses fully accepts who he is, and being moved with anger and pain, he runs to stop the cruel overseer from beating the man. But in the process, he ends up knocking the overseer off a high scaffold to his death. Horrified by what he has done, and being witnessed by many (including Rameses and the high priests), Moses starts to run. The Hebrews stand back in fear, except for Miriam who calls his name and takes his arm to calm him down--but he pulls it away and keeps running. He is intercepted by Rameses, who grabs him and asks him whats going on. However, he pushes him aside and continues to run. He nearly makes it out of the city before Rameses catches up to him on his chariot. Moses exclaims, "You saw what happened--I just killed a man!" Rameses claims he will "make it so it never happened." However, Moses refuses to accept any more lies about his life. Because of his disgust at both his killing of the overseer and his past indifference towards the slaves, and because he knew he has neither power nor moral authority to free the slaves, he ignores Rameses' pleas. He tells Rameses he can no longer stay in Egypt. When Rameses tries to stop him, Moses grabs his shoulders and yells, "No! Everything I've ever known to be true is a lie!...I'm not who you think I am." Asking what he means by that, Moses simply answers, "Go ask the man I once called 'Father'." Turning to leave, Moses stops when his brother pleads with him to stay. But Moses only says "Goodbye Brother," and runs--with Rameses calling his name. Moses wanders far into the desert. After several days, famished from lack of food and water, he stubs his toe and breaks his sandal. He angrily discards them and the rest of his royal ornaments, except for the ring given to him by Rameses. A sandstorm soon overtakes him, and he surrenders himself to it. However, he survives; a camel pulls his head out of the sand (thinking his hair was grass). He notices the camel is saddled and holds a water pouch. He digs himself out hastily and tries to take some of the water, but he only has enough energy to loop his arm around the pouch before passing out. Fortunately the camel drags him to a large well with some troughs, where he gorges himself on the liquid goodness within--much to the surprise of a nearby sheep. Soon after he arrives, Moses observes some bandits attempting to steal water from three young girls. Moses manages to drive the bandits away by sending their camels on the run, but in his exhaustion he accidentally falls down the well. The three girls turn out to be Tzipporah's younger sisters, who are unable to get Moses out of the well until she comes along. Thinking they're only playing around (after the youngest says they're "trying to get the funny man out of the well"), she's surprised to hear him struggling as they try to pull him up. She hurriedly tells him they'll get him out soon and pulls him up in a few seconds. However, once she realizes it's Moses, she drops him back down the well as retaliation for embarrassing her at the banquet several nights previous. (This is done in relatively good nature, though, as she is aware of his help in her escape; it is assumed that she pulls him back out shortly afterward.) As she swaggers away, her two youngest sisters look to the third one for an explanation; she answers, "This is why Papa says she'll never get married..." That evening, Tzipporah's father, Jethro the High Priest of Midian, holds a celebration in thanks for what Moses has done. Moses claims that his past actions (and inaction) make him unworthy of any honor (Tzipporah is surprised by his great change in attitude since they first met). However, Jethro refuses to believe his claim, referring to how Moses helped get all his daughters out of perilous situations. He tells Moses that if he wants to see what his life is worth, he needs to view his life "through heaven's eyes," which he eventually does. Moses grows to become a member of Jethro's tribe, working with Tzipporah and her sisters as a shepherd. Over time, he and Tzipporah become friends, fall in love, and get married. One day (probably about ten years, give or take, after Moses left Egypt), while chasing a stray lamb, Moses discovers a cavern with a bush that "burned" in a way he has never seen before, with an unusual fire that didn't scorch. The bush then speaks, revealing that it is the voice and presence of God, who has heard the cries of the Israelites. When Moses nervously asks what is wanted of him, the voice says that He has chosen Moses to deliver the Hebrews out of slavery (just as his sister, Miriam, had declared), by speaking to Pharoah the words which he will be taught to say. Moses is at first apprehensive, given that he was the son of Pharoah, the man who murdered the children of the slaves. However, the voice commands Moses to go forth, promising to smite Egypt with His "wonders" when Pharaoh will not listen. He promises to be with Moses. Afterwards, God's presence departs, leaving the bush no longer alight. During this conversation, Moses' attitude and feelings go from shame and fear, to peace, confidence, and joy. Moses returns to Tzipporah and excitedly tells her of what transpired in the cave, and what he has been asked to do. Since she is overcome at first by the immensity of the task given him, he tells of his desire to see his people free, like her family is free. She lays aside her fears for him and decides to accompany him back to his former home. Upon reaching the palace, Moses finds that his father (and mother, presumably) is dead, and Rameses has become the new Pharoah, married with a son of his own. The two brothers greet each other jovially, with Rameses eager to welcome Moses back, forgiving the events that drove him away (and seemingly ignoring his Hebrew origins). Moses hesitantly explains that things cannot return to how they once were, and requests that Rameses let the slaves go free, as requested by God. Moses then demonstrates God's power, as his wooden staff becomes a snake. Rameses smirks at this "trick," but is confused, thinking that Moses has something else he wants to talk about. However, he "plays along," and has Hotep and Huy conjure their own magic, which is consists of convincing showmanship. This impresses the rest of Rameses' court, but not Moses or Tzipporah. Rameses and Moses then meet in private, where they discuss the slaves, the duties of Pharaoh, and the actions of Seti. Frustrated by Rameses refusal to acknowledge the humanity of the slaves, Moses' relation to them, and the sins of Seti, Moses declares that he can no longer hide in the desert while his people suffer. He returns the royal ring that Rameses had given him so long ago. Rameses is saddened, then angered, that Moses came back for the Hebrews and not for him. He declares that he does not acknowledge his brother's God, and refuses to allow the Hebrews to leave. Moses pleads for his brother to reconsider, but Rameses claims he will not be the 'weak link' in his family's dynasty, showing that Seti was successful in setting Rameses on an unalterable path. He then orders the workload doubled for the slaves out of spite. Several of the slaves--including his brother Aaron--shun Moses because of the extra workload, and they doubt that God called Moses to deliver them (or even cares for them). Miriam however, harbors no ill will towards her brother, claiming that God saved Moses from all his trials and adversity for a purpose. This encourages Moses to not give up. On the Nile river near them, Moses sees Rameses, his son, Hotep, and Huy on a royal barge. Moses approaches them, and yells for Rameses to let his people go. Rameses scoffs at this, and sends his guards after him--until Moses places his staff in the water, turning the Nile to blood. Unsure how this is achieved, Rameses demands that Hotep and Huy duplicate or explain this. Using some red powder, they claim that the power of their gods can do the same, and Rameses just dismisses Moses' "trick" once again. Aaron claims that nothing will help them, but Moses promises that God will see to it that they are made free. A series of plagues then begin to befall Egypt, each more ferociously destructive than the last: Locusts destroy crops, the Egyptians come down with terrible sores on their skin, and fire rains down from the sky. Even with all these events and several more, which his mages prove powerless to counter, Rameses still refuses to give in to Moses' request. They are both frustrated with each other. Many monuments, statues, and structures become damaged or destroyed. Soon after, the land is covered in darkness (except for where the Hebrews live), and Moses goes to see his brother once again to convince him to let the Hebrews go. As they talk, Rameses eventually opens up, they reminisce on their past, and a flicker of mutual brotherly love seems almost rekindled, until Rameses' son comes in and demands to know if Moses is the reason for what has befallen Egypt. With his son close by, Rameses once again sheds his friendlier side and acts as Pharaoh. Moses explains that the plagues would end if Rameses would just fulfill his request, and says something even more terrifying will happen if he doesn't, pleading for Rameses to think of his son. Rameses says he does, and proposes that he will "finish the job" that his father was not able to do, promising a greater massacre among the slaves than ever before. Moses, outraged at Rameses' murderous defiance with this threat to his people, angrily notes that what is to come will be Ramses' responsibility. Moses leaves sadly, and instructs the slaves to put lamb's blood above their doors for protection. He informs them that the firstborn of every household will die, unless the blood is upon the door. In the night, the angel of death comes, and passes over the protected doors. In the homes where there is no protective sign, the angel takes the lives of the firstborn children, including Rameses' son. Moses goes to his brother after this, amidst the mourning of the Egyptians, and is at last given permission to take the slaves. He tries to comfort Rameses, but he orders him to leave. Moses is at first distraught, because of all who have died (among many other things), but Miriam encourages him, saying (or singing, rather) how at long last, the Hebrews (and any who will go with them) are finally having their prayers answered, and their faith affirmed. Tzipporah also tells how her own faith has grown, and the three of them, with Aaron, lead the exodus of the slaves. Most of the people are still somewhat in shock, but as they make their way out of Egypt, their spirits lift. After they finally reach the Red Sea, the watchman's horn is sounded behind them, and they see that Rameses has gathered his army of chariots to kill the slaves out of revenge; there appears to be no place for them to run. Suddenly, a pillar of fire descends from the heavens, separating the Hebrews and Rameses' army. Moses then walks a short distance into the Red Sea, and with his staff, parts the waters. At first the people are afraid to pass through (and probably afraid of Moses also), but Aaron, having overcome all his previous doubts, goes forward--encouraging the others to do likewise. The slaves make their way through, but eventually, the pillar of fire disappears, and Rameses and his men decide to ride through the parted sea, rather than turn back and acknowledge defeat. Moses is able to get everyone across just as the water descends, drowning Rameses army. Rameses, meanwhile, is washed back ashore on the other side. The people are shocked by what happened for several moments, but eventually, they realize that they are finally free, and they begin to celebrate. Moses begins to celebrate with his family, but then turns back to look across the sea, and thinks of his brother Rameses. Knowing that they will never see each other again, he quietly says goodbye one last time. Rameses, meanwhile, is conscious, and crying out Moses' name in rage, despair, and regret. As the Hebrews continue on their way, Tzipporah declares to Moses that they are free, thus reminding him that he accomplished the seemingly impossible task that God had given him. He acknowledges this with joy. The final scene shows Moses descending from Mount Horeb (Sinai) holding two stone tablets containing the Ten Commandments which God has given them to live by.
tt0320661
Action,Adventure,Drama
As the film begins, a title card opens the story, detailing its setting and historical backgrounds: "It is almost one hundred years since Christian armies from Europe seized Jerusalem. Europe suffers in the grip of repression and poverty. Peasant and lord alike flee to the Holy Land in search of fortune or salvation. One Knight returns home in search of his son." In a remote village in France in 1184, Balian (Orlando Bloom), a blacksmith and former warrior, is haunted by his wife's (Nathalie Cox) recent suicide after losing their unborn child. He is also shunned by nearly all of the villagers, except for the lord of the village, the lord Bishop, and his blacksmith apprentice. One day, a group of Crusaders arrive at the small village and one of them approaches Balian, introducing himself as his father, Baron Godfrey of Ibelin (Liam Neeson). Godfrey, asks Balian to return with him to Jerusalem. Balian refuses and the Crusaders leave. The town priest (Michael Sheen), Balian's younger and corrupt half-brother, attempts to claim Balian's property. To achieve this, he reveals that he had arranged for the Crusaders to come and take Balian away with them and ordered Balian's wife beheaded before burial (a customary practice in those times for people who committed suicide which would prevent them from ascending to Heaven), in an attempt to convince Balian to leave to the Holy Land. During the encounter, Balian, finally fed up with his half-brother and outraged by the revelation of the beheading of his late wife, kills him. It's also reveled throughout the film that Balian is a typically non-violent person, using violence to protect the innocent people and and in self-defense, but it was in that moment of the film where he had reached his breaking point and killed his half-brother out of rage for him and his decision to mutilate his dead wife's body. Balian, then, follows after his father in the hope of gaining forgiveness and redemption for him and his wife. After he catches up to his father, Godfrey instructs him in swordsmanship. Then, soldiers sent by Godfrey's brother and led by Godfrey's nephew arrive to arrest Balian. Godfrey refuses to hand him over and during the subsequent fight most of Godfrey's men are killed and Godfrey himself is mortally wounded. It was revealed earlier in the film that Godfrey's brother and nephew plan to kill him and his men, in order to claim the title of Baron of Ibelin for themselves. In Messina, Godfrey knights Balian and orders him to serve the King of Jerusalem and protect the helpless then succumbs to his injuries. On Balian's journey to Jerusalem, his ship is run aground by a storm, leaving Balian and a horse as the survivors of the wreck. When Balian releases the horse from the wreckage it flees in panic. Tracking the horse into the desert, Balian is confronted by a Muslim cavalier and his servant. A fight over possession of the horse follows and Balian slays the horseman, but spares the servant, asking him to guide him to Jerusalem. Upon their arrival in Jerusalem, Balian gives the horse to the servant and releases him. The man then tells him his slain master was an important knight amongst the Saracens. After being accepted as the new Lord of Ibelin by Godfrey's retainers, Balian soon becomes acquainted with the main players in Jerusalem's political arena: the leper King Baldwin IV, Tiberias (Jeremy Irons), Marshall of Jerusalem, Princess Sibylla, King Baldwin IV's sister, and Guy de Lusignan (Marton Csokas), Sibylla's arrogant, prejudiced, and scheming husband, who supports the anti-Muslim activities. It is revealed is Sibylla is unhappily married to Guy, after having been made aware of his true nature. As a man who is obsessed with attaining glory and fortune for himself, it is implied that in his ruthless climb to prominence in the royal court and also to the throne of Jerusalem, Guy only married Sibylla for the purpose to be next in line to rule as King of Jerusalem, rather than for out of genuine love for her. He could even kill Siyblla's own son from her previous marriage in order to ensure that he would be King immediately and also in response to Siyblla doing something that would jeopardize his plans. He is determined to rule after Baldwin's death and seeks to provoke a war that will allow him to dispose of the Muslims and claim the Kingdom for the Christians. As the new Baron of Ibelin, Balian settles in his new land of Ibelin. Using his skills as a blacksmith, he earns the respect of his knights and subjects by building an irrigation system. Sibylla travels to meet him, and the two become secret lovers. Guy and his co-conspirator Raynald of Châtillon (Brendan Gleeson) massacre a Muslim trade caravan with the aid of the Templars. Saladin, leader of the Muslim forces attacks Kerak, Raynald's castle, to bring him to account for his crime. Balian decides to protect the villagers as they attempt to enter the castle from Saladin's cavalry. Though outnumbered, Balian and his knights charge Saladin's cavalry, allowing the villagers time to flee to the castle; Balian's knights are soon defeated resulting in their capture. In the enemy camp, Balian encounters the 'servant' he freed, Imad ad-Din, learning he is actually Saladin's Chancellor, who then releases Balian to enter Kerak. Saladin arrives with his army to besiege Kerak and King Baldwin IV approaches with his. The two rulers successfully negotiate a Muslim retreat and Baldwin swears that he will punish Raynald for his crimes. The exertion of these events cause Baldwin to collapse, weakened beyond recovery. Baldwin asks Balian to marry Sybilla (Eva Green), knowing that the pair have affection for each other, but Balian refuses to be associated with the necessary murder of Guy. After Baldwin dies, Sibylla's six-year-old son Baldwin V becomes King of Jerusalem. It quickly becomes apparent that he is also infected with leprosy. Grief-stricken and unwilling to condemn her son to a life behind a mask, Sibylla gives him poison. Sibylla succeeds her son and names Guy King of Jerusalem. Guy releases Raynald asking him to give him a war, which Raynald does by murdering Saladin's sister. When Saladin sends an emissary to demand the return of his sister's body, the heads of those responsible, and the surrender of Jerusalem, Guy answers by decapitating the emissary and sending his head back to Damascus. In 1187, council war is agreed upon "because God wills it" and against sound advice they march into the desert away from adequate water supplies to fight Saladin, leaving Jerusalem unguarded except for Balian, his knights, and the townspeople. Saladin's army attacks the Crusader army near to the city of Hattin, and at the Battle of Hattin, the Crusader army is annihilated. Guy and Raynald are captured; Saladin executes Raynald, and then marches on Jerusalem, sparing Guy out of tradition but stating that he is not worthy of this. Back at Jerusalem, Balian prepares the defenses, challenging the Patriarch's advice to flee, and then knights a number of men-at-arms because "making a man a knight makes him a better fighter." Knowing they cannot defeat the Saracens, they hope hold their enemies off long enough for the Saracens to offer terms and, in the process, remaining true to himself and showing the example of his late father, Godfrey, inspires the people within the city with the importance of consciousness, humanity, heroism, inclusion of people outside of their Christian faith, performing acts of goodness that God desires for them to do, and the ideal of being anything they want to be that others denied them of before. After three days and having proven their resolve, Saladin offers terms: Balian surrenders Jerusalem when Saladin offers all the inhabitants safe passage to Christian lands. Balian points out that when the Crusaders conquered Jerusalem a hundred years previously, they massacred the Muslim inhabitants, but Saladin assures him that he is "not those men". After considering his terms and reflecting on everything that had happened, he surrendered Jerusalem to Saladin. As the two begin to return back to their respective sides, Balian stops and asks Saladin, "What is Jerusalem worth?" He stops, replies "Nothing", and returned walking back to the Muslims. His comment meant that Jerusalem as a city is worth "nothing". As Saladin continues walking back, he stops again, looks at Balian, and delivers his second answer, "Everything." His second answer meant that he believes that Jerusalem is worth "everything" to everyone, where, although they may belong to a different religious faith, they are bound together their shared faith and devotion to God and can live together in peace and harmony as friends or as a family. Satisfied with his answers, Balian returns back to Jerusalem. As he returns to the city, Balian tells the inhabitants Saladin's terms and that all will be safely escorted to the sea. Furthermore, he says "if this is the kingdom of Heaven, let God do with it what He will". The people inside the city cheered and celebrated for Balian and the promise of living a kingdom of Heaven anywhere they go with anyone they'll meet, Christian or no. Afterwards, Balian encounters Sybilla and tells her that her brother's kingdom was in his head and his heart (reflecting back to the moral teachings of her brother and the Knight Hospitaller), which can never be surrendered and lost. Sybilla asks him what she'll do now, since that she is still the Queen of several cities outside of Jerusalem. Balian suggests for her to renounce her claim as Queen and if she does, he will come for her and they'll go away together. As the Christians were getting ready to leave the city, the disgraced and humiliated Guy, after having been released by Saladin, confronts Balian one last time and challenges him to a fight. Balian defeats and ultimately spares him. Defeated, Guy, now with nothing left to lose, begs Balian to kill him. He ultimately spares him and said: "When you rise again... if you rise... rise a knight." As the Christians leave the city, Balian bids farewell to his Christian and Muslim friends. Imad returns the horse to Balian, saying it was not a good horse anyway and asks him if God didn't love Balian, how could he have accomplished so much. They wish each other peace in the other's language. While Balian said his farewells to his friends, Saladin and the Muslims settle in their new home. Saladin's forces destroy many of the Christian books and replace the cross on the top of the church with a crescent. Privately, Saladin is shown refusing to step on the stones carved with crucifixes, and later picks up a cross and gently puts it back on a table. In the marching column of Christian citizens, Balian finds Sibylla, who has renounced her claim as Queen of Jerusalem and other cities and also has officially separated from Guy. They hold each other's hands, as they smile at each other and walking towards to the sea. Balian returns back to his village in France. As he walks around his house, he reflects on how much time has passed by and how much he is now a reborn man. Then, a column of English knights ride through the village, looking for Balian, whose legendary reputation has spread throughout Europe as the defender of Jerusalem. Balian replies that he is the blacksmith, and the man identifies himself as King Richard I of England, and they are commencing a new Crusade to retake Jerusalem from Saladin. Balian responds that he is still the blacksmith and Richard and his knights rides off. Balian is joined by Sybilla, and passing by the grave of Balian's wife, they leave the village for good and ride towards a new life together. An epilogue states the following: "The King, Richard the Lionheart, went on to the Holy Land and crusaded for three years. His struggle to regain Jerusalem ended in an uneasy true with Saladin. Nearly a thousand years later, peace in the Kingdom of Heaven remains elusive."
tt0094226
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Prohibition in the United States has led to an organized crime wave in the 1920s and early 1930s. Various gangs bootleg vast amounts of alcohol and control their businesses with violence and extortion. The problem is most serious in Chicago, where gang leader Al Capone (Robert De Niro) has nearly the whole city (even the city's mayor) under his control, and supplies poor-quality liquor at high prices. While being interviewed by a reporter, Capone insists that he is a legitimate businessman who is responding to the "will of the people", their need to drink alcohol. A Capone associate, the Bowtie Man (Vito D'Ambrosio), shakes down a restaurant owner who has chosen to buy from one of Capone's competitors. The owner refuses to be intimidated, and the Bowtie Man appears to back off. Moment's later, Capone's white-suited enforcer, Frank Nitti (Billy Drago), casually turns a switch on a briefcase next to him and casually walks away. The briefcase contains a bomb, which destroys the restaurant, killing most of its patrons, including a little girl who tried to bring the briefcase back to Nitti. Treasury Department agent Eliot Ness (Kevin Costner) is put in charge of leading the crusade against Capone and his empire. Ness' initial strategy is to conduct raids using a large squad of uniformed officers, but his first attempt fails when he breaks into a warehouse storing umbrellas (although it is implied by Capone's reaction to the newspaper headline about Ness' mistake that it was indeed a liquor warehouse, but his men had been tipped off by the corrupt police chief, Mike Dorsett (Richard Bradford). Embarrassed over the fiasco and seeking ideas for a change of tactics, Ness has a chance encounter with Jimmy Malone (Sean Connery), an incorruptible Irish beat cop who understands the way Capone does business, and decides to ask for his help. Reluctant at first, Malone urges Ness to become as ruthless as the gangsters he wants to take down: "He pulls a knife, you pull a gun. He sends one of yours to the hospital, you send one of his to the morgue. That's the Chicago way, and that's how you get Capone." With corruption running rampant throughout the Chicago police force, Malone suggests that Ness recruit directly from the police academy in order to find team members who have not yet had a chance to come under Capone's influence. They start with the academy's best shooter, George Stone (Andy Garcia). When he reveals his real name is Giuseppe Petri, Malone suddenly becomes hostile, provoking Stone about his Italian heritage. Stone suddenly points his backup pistol at Jimmy's throat. Jimmy eases off, saying he likes Stone and his refusal to back down from a confrontation. Ness is a bit shaken but agrees with Jimmy. With their fourth addition, bookish Treasury accountant Oscar Wallace (Charles Martin Smith), detailed to Chicago from Washington, Ness has built an incorruptible team capable of combating Capone. Wallace tells Ness they can indict Capone on income tax evasion, an idea that Ness seems reluctant to try since Capone runs the city's illegal liquor trade and is a murderer. Wallace still insists it's better than nothing. Their first raid takes place in a local post office across South LaSalle St, whose storeroom is used to house Capone's illegal liquor. Malone and most of the police know where the alcohol is, but they leave it alone because no one wants to provoke Capone and his gang. The raid succeeds without incident, though Capone later kills the man who had been in charge of the storeroom with a baseball bat at a large banquet, sending a undeniable message to the rest of his staff. As the four pick up steam and become noted by the press, Wallace begins to probe the finances of the Capone organization. At one point, Ness is visited by a shady Chicago alderman (Del Close) who is also under Capone's control. The alderman tries to bribe Ness into dropping the investigation, but Ness angrily rejects the offer and throws him out in full view of the team. As he leaves, he mockingly refers to them as "untouchable" and says that Capone, who is known as a cop-killer, can get to anyone he chooses, one way or another. The alderman's words prove to be true when Nitti makes veiled threats toward Ness and his family outside his house, and drives off before Ness can confront him. Realizing that Capone has targeted him, Ness orders his wife and daughter moved to a safer place; Malone and Stone then bring word of a large whiskey shipment coming in from Canada, and the team flies north to set up a raid at the border. During the raid, Ness' team and a squad of Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers intercept the shipment, arresting or killing everyone involved. Stone is shot in the shoulder and Wallace shows unexpected courage when he takes down several henchmen, clubbing one of them when he runs out of shotgun shells. Malone captures one of Capone's bookkeepers, George Costa (Brad Sullivan), and the team tries to persuade him to provide evidence against Capone. Wallace discovers a thick ledger in Costa's briefcase, detailing large amounts of money changing hands, including an entry for a circuit court. Costa initially refuses to cooperate, even after Malone assaults him. However, he changes his mind once Malone shoots a thug (who was actually already dead) in the mouth to frighten him. Enraged even further, Capone orders his men to hunt down and kill Ness (even Ness' family), knowing that with Ness dead, the Untouchables will be finished. Ness' wife, meanwhile, has just given birth to their second child, whom they name "John" with a middle name James in honor of his new friendship with Malone. At the police station, where the Untouchables are being congratulated, Wallace prepares to escort George into protective custody. However, they are both shot and killed by Nitti, disguised as the policeman operating the elevator; when the bodies are found, the word "TOUCHABLE" has been written on the wall in their blood. Ness is left with insufficient evidence to press charges, and the frustration drives him into challenging Capone in public to a physical fight in front of his son and several armed henchmen. Capone deliberately provokes Ness when he insults his family, prompting Ness to draw his pistol. Malone intervenes and forces Ness to back down, defusing the confrontation. Malone tells Ness to stall the district attorney from dropping the case while he searches for information regarding Walter Payne (Jack Kehoe), another of Capone's bookkeepers. A subpoena is issued for Payne, prompting Capone's men to make plans to get him out of town. Malone angrily confronts Dorsett, knowing that he sold out Wallace, demanding information on where Capone plans to move Payne. After a brutal fistfight, Dorsett shares what he knows, but warns Malone that Capone's assassins will retaliate. Malone calls Ness and instructs him to meet him at his apartment. While he waits, the Bowtie Man sneaks in through a window, armed with a knife. Malone is able to evade him for a few moments, giving him a chance to retrieve his sawed-off shotgun from his Victrola. An amused Malone berates him for "bringing a knife to a gunfight," and throws him out. This proves to be a trap, however, as Nitti, perched on a nearby fire escape, shoots Malone with a Tommy gun on Malone's back stoop. He is barely alive when Ness and Stone find him, and he shows Ness which train Payne will be taking before dying in his arms. Ness and Stone arrive at Union Station. While waiting for Payne to arrive, Ness watches from a high vantage point at the top of the entrance steps while Stone searches the rest of the station. A woman with a baby carriage and several heavy suitcases is helped by Ness when Payne guarded by several gangsters, suddenly enters the station. One of the bodyguards recognizes Ness from the earlier altercation with Capone and quickly alerts his comrades. After a fierce shootout (an homage to the famous Odessa Steps scene from The Battleship Potemkin), the Bowtie Man decides to cut his losses and uses Payne a human shield, threatening to kill him unless Ness and Stone back down. Stone shows his marksmanship skills by shooting the Bowtie Man in the mouth. A terrified Payne has no choice but surrender. Payne testifies in court against Capone, admitting his role in channeling money amounting to over $1 million to Capone over the last three years. Ness, however, notices Capone relaxed and even smiling, despite the probability of serving a long prison sentence, and also sees Nitti carrying a gun in court. He takes Nitti out of the courtroom with the bailiff and discovers that Nitti has permission from the corrupt mayor of Chicago to carry the weapon. Ness then identifies Nitti as Malone's murderer after finding Malone's address on a matchbook in Nitti's pocket. Panicking, seizes his pistol and holds Ness and the bailiff at bay for a few seconds. Nitti shoots the bailiff and runs up to the roof, the two exchanging gunfire through the building. Eventually, Ness gets Nitti in his sights, but cannot bring himself to shoot the man in cold blood. Nitti gives himself up to Ness, Ness telling him that he'll see him burn because he murdered Malone. Stating that Malone died "screaming like a stuck Irish pig" and that Ness should think about that when he, Nitti, is tried and convicted for the murder but set free anyway. Enraged at the thought that Nitti will escape punishment for his crimes, and provoked to revenge, Ness pushes Nitti off the roof. He shouts to the screaming thug, "Did he sound anything like that?" before Nitti dies on impact with a parked car. Back inside the courthouse, Stone shows Ness a document from Nitti's jacket that shows bribes paid to the jurors, explaining Capone's relaxed mood. The judge has no intention of using it as evidence and is fully prepared to let Capone go free, inadvertently revealing his own corruption or fear of the crime boss. In a last ditch effort, Ness talks the judge into doing the right thing, bluffing him into believing that the judge's name is among those in the bookkeeper's ledger of payoffs. As a result, the judge decides to switch this jury with the one in another courtroom. Before the trial can continue, Capone's lawyer changes the plea of "not guilty" to one of "guilty" without Capone's consent. Capone is sentenced to 11 years in prison. Ness taunts Capone, who pretends not to hear as he is taken into custody. As he packs up his office, Ness contemplates the Saint Jude medallion that Malone had carried with him for many years (linked to his call box key), and which Malone had given to him before dying. Ness gives the medallion to Stone, reasoning that since Jude is the patron saint of police officers, Malone would have wanted him to have it. Out on the street, a reporter wishes to have a word from Ness, but Ness modestly downplays his role in the showdown. When the reporter mentions that Prohibition is due to be repealed and asks what Ness might do then, Ness responds, "I think I'll have a drink."
tt1034303
Action,Drama,History
The movie starts off with archive black-and-white footage of the Nazi's atrocities on the Jews across Europe. The focus shifts to West Belarus, where Nazi SS soldiers, under the command of Bernicki, the Belarussian Police Captain, are busy "sanitizing" a village, killing half the people and abducting the rest. Zus Bielski (Liev Schreiber) and his brother, Asael (Jamie Bell), watch helplessly from the forest. Once the Germans have left, they run to the village and are devastated to find their father dead. They go to their house and find their youngest brother, Aron (George MacKay), cowering under the floorboards in the closet. They take him with them to the forest. In the Lipiczanska Forest, Zus tells a weeping Asael to get a hold of himself. As they sleep, their eldest brother, Tuvia Bielski (Daniel Craig), walks up to them and wakes them up. He first admonishes Asael for not being alert, then embraces him and Aron emotionally. Zus and Tuvia have a rather curt reunion. As they walk into the forest, Zus tells Tuvia that his wife and child are hiding in a village. At night, they discuss their options. The police are after them, however they are safe in the woods. They talk about Bernicki. A friend, Koscik has a gun which they can borrow. Next morning, Aron stumbles across some other Jewish refugees in the forest. He brings them back to his brothers. One of them is a young child, mortally wounded. Unfortunately, they can't save her. As her parents grieve, Zus tells Tuvia that they can't support these people. Tuvia says he'll ask Koscik for food and his pistol. In the nearby village, Konstanty 'Koscik' Kozlowski, their friend and a secret Jew-sympathizer, lets Tuvia inside and gives him food, drink and his pistol, with only 4 bullets. Seeing a police car coming towards the house, Koscik hides Tuvia in the barn, along with some other Jews. It's Bernicki and his sons, who Koscik welcomes warmly. Bernicki talks about his Jew-hunting exploits. Bernicki talks about having killed the Bielskis' father and is now after the sons. He tells Koscik to keep his eyes open and leaves. After they're gone, Koscik gives Tuvia food and drink and asks him to take the Jews from his barn. Tuvia confirms that Bernicki and his sons were responsible for his parent's deaths. He then takes the other Jews and goes into the forest. As they walk into the forest, one of the Jews, an elderly man named Shamon Haretz, Tuvia's old school-teacher, talks to him about his experiences. Tuvia brushes him off. At the campsite, the food is being passed around, with each person taking a small morsel so the others can have some. Zus is upset that Tuvia brought more mouths to feed. Tuvia tells him that it was Bernicki who killed their parents. That night, he goes to Bernicki's house, where he is having dinner with his wife and two sons. Tuvia bursts inside and holds them at gunpoint. He asks them if he knows who he is and why he's there. Terrified, Bernicki says he did as ordered. Tuvia orders him to his knees. Bernicki's sons jump up to their father's aid, but Tuvia shoots them dead. He then shoots Bernicki dead. Bernicki's hysterical wife pleads with Tuvia to kill her as well. Leaving her alive and grief-stricken, he leaves. The next morning, Tuvia tells Zus he killed Bernicki and his sons. They decide to move deeper into the woods. Tuvia brings over more Jews, much to Zus' displeasure. One of them is Isaac Malbin (Mark Feuerstein). The refugees start building makeshift houses in the woods. After almost hitting Zus with a log, Isaac confesses that he's an intellectual, not a carpenter. A refugee introduces Tuvia to his "forest wife". Tuvia congratulates them, a bit unsurely. Just then, two men burst into the scene, one of them holding a rifle, while the other demands food. Zus gets confrontational, despite being unarmed. He dares the man to shoot him, a Jew. When the two hear that they are Jews, they say they're Peretz and Jacov, from Zus' village. Almost all the people in the village are dead, including Zus' wife and child. Zus is devastated and grieves for his wife and child. He starts to hit his head against a tree trunk, but Tuvia grabs him and holds him, while he cries. Later, Peretz asks which Otriad (armed brigade) they are. Asael replies the "Bielski Otriad". Peretz tells them that there is a Russian Otriad, which sabotages railways and kills Germans. Zus tells them, if they want to kill Germans, to follow him. Tuvia tries to dissuade him, but he's resolute. Reluctantly, Tuvia goes with the small group. They attack a town that supported the Nazis, killing a few people. They then attack a German motorcyclist, killing him and stripping him of his weapons. A German jeep comes down the road. The Bielskis hide along the road and wait. The jeep stops nearby seeing the fallen motorcycle. One of the Germans goes to the side of the road to relieve himself and does so right on Zus. Enraged, Zus stabs him to death, while the others attack the jeep. One tries to run, but gets gunned down by Asael. Zus picks up the machine gun of the guy he killed and unloads it on the jeep's occupants, killing them all. As they scour the jeep for weapons and food, a German truck comes down the road. Jacov is shot dead, while Peretz is injured. Asael takes to his heels, chased by German soldiers, while Zus and Tuvia take cover, watching helplessly as their brother sprints away, dodging German fire. They manage to shoot out the truck's spotlight, but find themselves outgunned. They have no choice but to retreat, leaving Asael to his fate. At the camp, Tuvia is furious at Zus. Food is dangerously low. Peretz is dead from his injuries. Shamon is upset that they didn't bring back any food. He quotes from the Talmud, saying that if they save a life, they must take responsibility for it. Suddenly, an armed man walks into the camp. Zus is irate that the man keeping watch didn't see him. He punches the man and says he should be killed, but Tuvia will have none of it. He's still angry at Zus and holds him responsible for Asael's fate. The man, Ben Zion Gulkowitz, tells Tuvia that he's from a village, where everyone was murdered, but he managed to escape. People start to cry and argue about their predicament. Tuvia yells out that they all have to live together or they'll all go against each other. He tells Zus that they can't go killing Germans and can't afford to lose more people. They will go to villages for food and take only what is offered to them. Their revenge is to live. They may be hunted like animals, but they won't become animals. If they should die, then it'll be as human beings. Tuvia, Zus and Ben Zion go to Koscik's house and find his body hanging from his barn. He's been beaten badly and has a sign "Jew Lover" hung around his neck. They dig a grave for him. Koscik's wife shows them a secret cellar under a haystack. They find Asael hiding there. They have a happy reunion. They find rifles hidden in the barn. They also find two Jewish ladies in the cellar. The older one is Bella and the younger one is Chaya. Zus is a bit taken in by Bella. At the campsite, Shamon and Isaac engage in an intellectual debate, as they work. Tuvia notices that Asael's shy interest in Chaya and encourages him to talk to her. He tells Asael to accompany Zus on the next expedition and to ensure that no one is killed. Zus, Asael and Ben Zion waylay a milkman, Kissely, on the road. They ask for his milk. He pleads that the Germans will kill him if he doesn't meet his quota. They only take half of his milk, but Zus also takes the man's coat. At the campsite, they are welcomed with glee. One of the men, Arkady Lubczanski, takes an interest in Chaya. He tries to force her to become his forest wife, but she declines politely. Ben Zion tells Tuvia that new refugees have arrived from Novogroduk. Bad news is, Tuvia's wife is dead. Though saddened, Tuvia maintains his composure. Bella goes to Zus and asks if she can be his forest wife, which he willingly accepts. Aron sees some Belarussian policemen and German soldiers, being led to the campsite by Kissely. He runs back to the camp to report. Tuvia orders that the people evacuate the camp immediately, while a few people remain behind to stave off the attackers. Once the refugees are relatively safe, Tuvia and the fighters take cover behind trees, overlooking a small rivulet. When the policemen and soldiers come to the rivulet, the partisans fire at them, injuring a few. The soldiers and Kissely take cover behind trees as well. They yell at each other. The leader of the soldiers tells them to hand over the Bielskis and the rest can go free. Tuvia asks the leader why he, a Belarussian, works for the Germans. Kissely yells out to survive, but Zus shoots him in the arm. The partisans shoot at the attackers, forcing them to retreat. When they're gone, Zus angrily tells Tuvia that he should have killed the milkman before and that it's his fault that they now have to relocate. The refugees walk past a field into another section of the woods. As Tuvia and Zus survey the woods, they are confronted by a group of Russian partisans. Tuvia tells them that they're from the Bielski Otriad and they want to see their commander. They are taken to the Russian partisans' camp, where they meet Viktor Panchenko, leader of the October Otriad. Panchenko accuses them of stealing from villages loyal to them. Tuvia responds that when they (October Otriad) take food, it is support, but when the Bielskis do it, it is stealing. He tells Panchenko that they fight a common enemy. Though he doesn't believe Jews can fight, Panchenko tells them to send him their best fighters. Back at the new campsite, the refugees are doing their best to set up a camp, before winter sets in. A new bunch of refugees is being escorted inside. One of them, Yitzchak Shulman, tells Tuvia that he is from the Baranovichi ghetto. The Germans will kill everyone if anyone is found missing. Chaya's parents are also inside the ghetto. She pleads with Asael to do something to get them out. Tuvia decides to go to the ghetto to save all the Jews inside from imminent massacre. Zus is skeptical. They argue for a while, culminating in a fistfight, which ends with Tuvia just about restraining himself from bashing Zus' head in with a rock. Tuvia walks away. Zus takes Ben Zion and some other fighters to the Russian partisan camp. Asael stays behind. Tuvia and Asael sneak into the Baranovichi ghetto and talk to the elders there, regarding their escape. The elders are incredulous that the Germans would kill all of them just like that. Tuvia promises to keep all of them safe in the woods. One by one, all the people in the ghetto agree to go to the woods, including Lilka Ticktin (Alexa Davalos). That night, under cover of darkness, Tuvia and Asael get the Jews out of the ghetto. When they reach the camp, they are asked to surrender their valuables, which can be traded for food and weapons. Chaya has a happy reunion with her parents. Isaac and Shamon ask about people who know useful trades, like carpentry. Tuvia gets on his horse and gives a speech. He says that everyone must work, women will learn to fight alongside men, pregnancies are forbidden. They will rebuild their lives. Bella encourages Asael to propose to Chaya. He does so awkwardly and she readily accepts. They are married just as winter starts. As this happens, the October Otriad, assisted by Zus and his fighters, attacks a German convoy, killing everyone on board. Panchenko is impressed by Zus' ruthlessness. Soon, winter sets in. Food supplies are low and people are cold and starving. Tuvia, left with no other choice, shoots his horse dead, so the people can eat. At suppertime, the lines get unruly as horse meat (though considered non-kosher) is served. Tuvia enters a cabin to warm himself and sees Lilka inside. She's on her way out for her first food mission. He gives her his coat and his pistol, just in case. Arkady comes in and pokes fun at Tuvia. A woman informs Tuvia about sickness that is spreading through the colony. Lilka, having got a sack of food, encounters a wolf on the way back. It attacks her, but she manages to kill it. She takes the wolf and the sack back to the camp. At the camp, the sickness is found to be typhus. The Russian partisans have ampicillin, but won't part with it. Tuvia goes to the Russian partisan camp to ask for ampicillin. Panchenko is strategising with Zus about a transmitter at Police HQ, which has caused them much trouble. That transmitter has to be silenced. Tuvia comes to Panchenko and asks for ampicillin. Panchenko refuses, but Tuvia insists. Zus calms the situation down, by suggesting they hit a police station and take out the transmitter there. Outside the police station, Zus sees that Tuvia's also been affected by typhus. He tells him to wait in the car, while he, Ben Zion and another man attack the station. The attack is a success - the transmitter is destroyed and the ampicillin is stolen - but Ben Zion and the other man die, while Zus is wounded. He and Tuvia drive back. Tuvia asks Zus to come back to the camp, but Zus declines. As the funerals for Ben Zion and the other man are underway, Tuvia sits in his cabin, coughing uncontrollably. The next day, Arkady demands more food from Chaya, during lunchtime. He tries to take more, but Asael pushes him away. They draw their knives and they are restrained by the others. Tuvia breaks it up and tells them, as punishment, Arkady and Asael get only half rations. He walks away, coughing. Asael confronts him regarding rumours about him being power-hungry and corrupt, and that he is no longer fit to lead them. The next day, during lunchtime, as Tuvia sits coughing badly in his cabin, Arkady has pretty much taken over. He and his cronies have beaten up Asael and have taken the lion's share of food rations for themselves. Tuvia, hearing all this, steels himself and gets up. He walks outside and sees Arkady and his cronies sitting at a table, being served by Chaya. Tuvia sees Asael's bruised face and confronts Arkady. Arkady tells him it's the new policy that fighters get better food. Tuvia is no longer the leader. As Arkady laughs derisively, Tuvia shoots him dead. He orders the cronies to obey him. Anyone who wants to leave can do so. No one argues and he's the leader again. He gets better under Lilka's care. Soon, the sun comes out and it's springtime. The ice melts and spirits are lifted considerably. One of the women, Tamara, reveals to Lilka that she's pregnant and the baby could come anytime soon. She is terrified of what Tuvia would do when he finds out. Lilka comforts her, saying he'll understand. Tamara tells her that she was raped by a German soldier. When the baby is born, Tuvia hears the cries and finds it in a cabin with Lilka and other women. He is angry and confronts Lilka about it. He wants Tamara and the father to leave, but Lilka tells him Tamara was raped. She reminds him of his own words - to not become animals. He agrees. Happily, she kisses him. They share a passionate kiss. Aron sees a German convoy passing by. Back at the camp, the lone surviving soldier of a partisan raid is dragged into camp. The terrified German is paraded before the partisans. They've also found a pouch containing information about an attack on the camp in two days. The German pleads for his life, saying he has a wife and kids. That just enrages the partisans even more, as they've lost everything. They proceed to beat the German to death. While Shamon and Isaac try to stop them, Tuvia watches indifferently. The next day, Panchenko tells Zus that they're leaving the forest as the Germans are going to attack. The Bielski partisans will be sacrificed to the Russian partisans can escape. Zus is upset and tries to protest, but Panchenko says that if he tries to desert, he'll be shot. At the Bielski camp, they notice a German scout plane overhead. Tuvia orders everyone to evacuate the camp. Just as the people start to evacuate the camp, a couple of Luftwaffe planes fly towards them. Tuvia yells for everyone to take cover. The planes dive-bomb the camp, killing many. A bomb hits close to Tuvia, leaving him dazed and blinded for a while. Asael orders the fighters to arms, as German soldiers are expected to attack soon. The rest of the people are to evacuate. Tuvia is to lead the refugees away, while Asael stays back to fight. The Germans attack, killing all the fighters, except Asael, who manages to escape barely. However, they managed to stave off the Germans long enough for the refugees to make good their escape. Tuvia and the refugees come up on a large marshland. Unsure of whether Asael is alive or not, Tuvia finds himself unable to decide whether to stay or go. Asael runs up and tells them that the troops are behind them. They should cross the marsh if they are to survive. Gathering rope and everyone's belt, they make a long enough chain, so they can go through the marsh. They start to wade through the muddy water warily. Soon, they make it to the other side of the woods. Shamon, however, is in bad shape. He thanks Tuvia for having saved them and thanks God. He dies shortly after. Suddenly, they find themselves being attacked by a tank and a company of German troops. In the ensuing battle, a number of partisans are killed. Tuvia takes Isaac and they flank around to the rear of the attackers. They kill a machine gun squad and commandeer the machine gun, opening fire on the troops, killing many. However, they are discovered and the tank starts to slowly turn its turret towards them, as the troops fire at them. As the turret stops, they abandon the machine gun and take cover behind the trees, as the Germans fire incessantly at them. Isaac grabs hold of a potato-masher grenade, arms it, looks one last time at Tuvia and runs towards the tank. However, he doesn't get more than twenty yards, as he's shot dead by the troops. The grenade blows up near him. Just as things look really bad for Tuvia, the Germans are ambushed from behind by Zus' men. After killing many Germans, Zus jumps on the tank, killing the gunner and throwing in a grenade. The tank implodes. The partisans complete cleaning up the remaining Germans. Tuvia comes out of cover and orders everyone into the forest. They strip the dead of their weapons. Zus and Bella reunite. Tuvia and Zus, after a long wordless encounter, embrace each other emotionally, as Asael watches with a smile. They all walk into the woods. We are informed that they lived in the forest for two years. Their number grew to 1200. Asael died in action and never saw his and Chaya's child. Zus and Tuvia emigrated to New York and started a trucking business. Tuvia and Lilka remained married for the rest of their lives. The Bielskis never sought recognition for their actions.
tt0408306
Biography,Crime,Drama
The film begins with a depiction of the events of the Munich Massacre in 1972. After the killings, the Israeli government devises "an eye for an eye" retaliation. A target list of eleven names are drawn up in retaliation for the eleven Israeli men murdered.Under orders from Israel's Prime Minister, Golda Meir (Lynn Cohen), Operation "Wrath of God" is given the green light. Avner (Eric Bana), an Israeli-born Mossad agent of German descent, is hand-picked by Meir to lead the assassination squad because he is not well-known in the field and he knows his way around Europe. Avner had also done some brief protection work for Meir and she had known his father. To give the Israeli government plausible deniability, Avner officially resigns from Mossad, and the squad operates with no official ties to Mossad or the Government of Israel. Avner is given a team of four men: Steve (Daniel Craig), a South African driver; Hans (Hanns Zischler), a document forger from Frankfurt; Robert (Mathieu Kassovitz), a Belgian toy-maker trained in explosives; and Carl (Ciarán Hinds), a former Israeli soldier who "cleans up" after the assassinations. Since the Mossad is "not connected" to the mission, Avner and his team set about tracking down the eleven targets with the help of a French informant, Louis, who is introduced to Avner by an old friend. Funding for the mission comes in the form of U.S. cash deposited in a Swiss bank in several safety deposit boxes in Zurich that Avner alone has access to. The group go to Rome to track down and kill their first target, one of the Black September planners, Abdel Wael Zwaiter (Makram Khoury), who is now broke and living as a poet in Italy where he has translated One Thousand and One Nights into Italian. The group follows him from a speech he gave to a small audience. After confirming the poet is indeed Abdel Wael Zwaiter (by asking him) two members of the nervous squad (Avner & Robert) make their first kill, shooting him to death in the lobby of his apartment building. Moments after Zwaiter is dead, Carl walks in and collects the spent bullet casings. Robert pretends to be a journalist interviewing their second target, Mahmoud Hamshari (Igal Naor) (who lives in Paris), about the Munich attack. He plants a bomb in the phone that is set to be detonated by a remote key. The phone number of Hamshari is to be dialed by Carl from a public telephone booth. However, Hamshari's daughter, who is supposed to have left for the day, unexpectedly returns to the flat. The men are not able to see her go back into the building because of a truck that blocks their view. When Carl calls the telephone from a phone booth and hears the little girl's voice, he and Avner race back to the car to stop Robert from detonating the bomb. After the little girl leaves the building, Carl calls the number, asks the man who answers if he's Mahmoud Hamshari and upon affirmation of same, Robert detonates the bomb. Hamshari is hospitalized and later dies from his wounds. The team travel to Cyprus to kill the next target, Hussein Al Bashir (Hussein Abd Al Chir Mostefa Djadjam), by planting a bomb under his bed in his hotel room. Avner gets a room next to Abd Al Chir in the hotel. Avner and Abd Al Chir are both on the balcony and converse for a short while. When Avner has seen him actually on the bed, he shuts off his night-stand lamp (the agreed signal of the group) and Robert detonates the bomb. However, the explosives are much more powerful than expected, almost killing Avner in the room next door, and injuring a young couple in the room on the other side of Al Chir's. The team now have their doubts about Louis, who provided the explosives. Louis later claims that the explosives were exactly what Robert requested. Louis gives the group information on three Palestinians in Beirut, a calculated risk since Avner & his team were strictly ordered by their handler, Ephraim (Geoffrey Rush), not to engage any targets in Arab countries. The three men targeted are among the top most brass of PLO; Muhammad Youssef al-Najjar (Abu Youssef), (involved in planning of Black September), Kamal Adwan, a Fatah veteran, and Kamal Nasser, PLO spokesman. Ephraim at first refuses, however, he relents on the condition that the group be accompanied by Israel Defense Forces (IDF) commandos. In Beirut, Steve, Robert and Avner meet up with a group of Sayeret Matkal IDF soldiers (including future Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak). They penetrate the Palestinian leaders' guarded compound, killing all three leaders as well with other militia. Avner stops one of the team from killing a young teenaged witness. Avner travels to Paris and meets again with Louis, who seems angry about the operation carried out in Beirut. Louis says that his father wishes to meet with Avner. Avner agrees and, wearing a sleeping mask, is taken to the French countryside. Louis' father is quite genial; he an Avner share a love for cooking. Avner eats with the family, a tense meal since Louis is agitated by Avner's presence & his papa's favorable attitude toward the stranger. As he leaves, Papa tells him that their business arrangement will continue as is provided Avner and his team do not attempt any other assassinations like those in Beirut. Upon returning to Paris, Louis tells Avner that he has another name for him, Zaid Muchassi (Djemel Barek). Avner agrees to the new fee of $200,000 & asks Louis to arrange a safe house for the team in Athens. The team heads to Athens where Louis has provided a dingy apartment. During the night, four PLO members, who have rented the same apartment as a safe house, enter the dwelling. After a tense confrontation with guns drawn, Robert defuses the situation by claiming that his squad are fellow militant revolutionaries, members of ETA, RAF and ANC. Avner discusses Middle Eastern politics with the group's leader, Ali. Ali speaks passionately about his quest for a homeland, while Avner debates with him, arguing that violence would only make the world regard Arabs as brutes, and that there are other Arab countries the Palestinians could go to. Ali disagrees, citing the examples of the Irish and the Jews themselves, and concludes that a home is more important than anything else. Avner's group carry out their next assassination that of Zaid Muchassi, the replacement for Hussein Al Bashir in Cyprus. However, the bomb they hid in Muchassi's television malfunctions and it does not detonate. In desperation, Hans walks into the hotel, forces his way into the target's room throwing a grenade at the television and setting off the explosive phosphorus grenades planted there, killing Muchassi. The squad exchanges gunfire with the Palestinians during their escape, and Ali is killed by Carl. Louis provides the squad with information on Ali Hassan Salameh (Mehdi Nebbou), the organizer of the Munich Massacre and the squad's prime target. Avner learns that the CIA may have ties to Salameh. The squad moves to London to track down Salameh, but they are not able to accomplish the assassination due to several unruly American men, whom they suspect to be CIA operatives protecting Salameh because he is providing information to the United States government. Avner is later propositioned by a beautiful woman in a bar but declines. Afterward, Carl reports to Avner and goes into the bar and is later killed by the same woman, who turns out to be a professional independent Dutch assassin. The group later track down and kill her in Hoorn in the Netherlands. When they have killed her, Hans refuses to let Avner close the woman's robe, leaving her body naked. The story then proceeds on dark and sombre lines. The squad is feeling the pressure of assassinations. Robert (the explosives expert), questions the morality of the entire mission. Avner listens to him patiently and asks him to take a break while they travel to Hoorn. Later, the three remaining members, Avner, Steve and Hans discuss the futility of the entire mission. Sometime later, Hans is found stabbed to death (reasons not explained) while Robert is killed in an explosion in his workshop. Avner becomes increasingly paranoid and, remembering what one of the team told him about another Mossad agent, sleeps in his closet. Avner and Steve finally locate Salameh in a gated residence in Spain, however, their assassination attempt is thwarted by Salameh's guards. Frightened, Avner shoots the guard who turns out to be a teenager -- the same one Avner left alive during the Beirut operation. The guards immediately return fire at them, and Avner and Steve manage to escape. At the end, Avner is dispirited and disillusioned. He flies first to Israel, where he is lauded by a number of military persons, including Ephraim. Ephraim is eager to know more about Louis and any other sources, hoping to learn more about potential targets. However, Avner angers Ephraim when he refuses to divulge this information, saying that he is loyal to Louis. Avner visits his mother for consolation, but finds from her words of praise for what he's done. Avner then travels to Brooklyn, New York to reunite with his wife and their child. Avner becomes psychologically tormented with paranoid fears about his family's safety, horrifying flashbacks of the Munich Massacre, and pangs of conscience about the morality of his killings and the value of his mission. Increasingly paranoid and post-traumatic, he suspects that agents from the Israeli consulate in New York are spying on him and his family. In a fit of rage, he goes to the consulate and berates the staff, hysterically telling them to leave him alone. Ephraim comes to the United States to urge Avner to assure him he's not be spied upon and to rejoin Mossad, but Avner rejects the offer. In the movie's final scene, in a playground in Gantry Plaza State Park across the East River from the United Nations headquarters building, Avner asks Ephraim to join him for dinner, in an offer of Jewish hospitality. Ephraim pauses, declines and leaves. Avner turns to go as well, and the camera pans to a shot of the New York City skyline, including the World Trade Center. A postscript states that nine of the men originally targeted by Mossad were assassinated. It adds that Salameh was eventually killed in 1979.
tt0102138
Drama,History,Thriller
The film opens with a narration (by an uncredited Martin Sheen) showing newsreel footage, including the farewell address in 1961 of outgoing President Dwight D. Eisenhower, warning about the build-up of the "military-industrial complex". This is followed by a summary of John F. Kennedy's years as president, emphasizing the events that, in Stone's thesis, would lead to his assassination. This builds to a reconstruction of the assassination on November 22, 1963. New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison (Kevin Costner) subsequently learns about potential links to the assassination in New Orleans. Garrison and his team investigate private pilot David Ferrie (Joe Pesci), but are forced to let him go after their investigation is publicly rebuked by the federal government. Kennedy's alleged assassin Lee Harvey Oswald (Gary Oldman) is killed by Jack Ruby (Brian Doyle-Murray) before he can go to trial two days after the assassination, and Garrison closes the investigation. Three years later, the investigation is reopened in late 1966 after Garrison reads the Warren Commission Report and notices what he believes are numerous inaccuracies and conflicts. Garrison and his staff interrogate several witnesses to the Kennedy assassination, and others who were involved with Oswald, Ruby, and Ferrie. Russell B. Long (Walter Matthau), a Democrat senator, privately tells Garrison about the FBI investigation into Oswald and evidence surfaced that it was technically impossible for Oswald to fire off three shots from a bolt-action rifle in pinpoint accuracy that killed John F. Kennedy. Garrison and his associates question Jack Martin (Jack Lemmon) a former private investigator who worked with the late Guy Banister (Ed Asner) where Martin recalls Banister beating him with a pistol on that day three years earlier after discovering that Banister's office had been broken into and several files stolen from the office. Banister was a career member of the FBI before he became a private investigator and then died suddenly of a "heart attack" in 1964 one year after the Warren Commission released its report. Martin tells Garrison that Oswald had met with Banister a few times during his brief stay in New Orleans and that Oswald and Ferrie knew each other and were employed on some special project with Cuban anti-communist militants. Garrison meets with Dean Andrews, Jr. (John Candy), an eccentric lawyer who claims that an alleged phone call was made to him by one of his clients, named "Clay Bertrand" on the day after the Kennedy assassination in which Andrews was asked to represent Oswald in the assassination charges against him. Andrews tells Garrison that he may be in over his head with those who may have been involved. Another witness Garrison meets with is Willie O'Keefe (Kevin Bacon), a male prostitute currently serving five years in prison for soliciting, who reveals he witnessed Ferrie discussing Kennedy's assassination with Oswald, and a group of Latin men. As well as briefly meeting Oswald, O'Keefe was romantically involved with a man he knew as "Clay Bertrand" also known as Clay Shaw (Tommy Lee Jones), a wealthy New Orleans businessman. Upon Garrison's informal questioning, Shaw denies any knowledge of meeting Ferrie, O'Keefe or Oswald, but he is soon charged with conspiring to murder the President. In Dallas, others come forward, including Jean Hill (Ellen McElduff). She tells the investigators that she witnessed shots fired from the grassy knoll and she heard four to six shots total, but Secret Service agents threatened her into saying only three shots came from the book depository; the implication is that changes that were made to her testimony by the Warren Commission. Garrison and a staff member also go to the sniper's location in the Texas School Book Depository and aim an empty rifle from the window through which Oswald was alleged to have shot Kennedy. They conclude that Oswald was too poor a marksman to make the shots, and two of the shots were much too close together, indicating that one or two more additional assassins were also involved. Another person comes forward named Rose Cheramie (Sally Kirkland), a Dallas prostitute who was allegedly beaten up by Jack Ruby's bodyguards. She tells Garrison that she was taken to a clinic on that day where she pleaded to the doctors that the Mafia was planning on killing President Kennedy. After discovering electronic surveillance microphones that had been planted in his offices, Garrison meets a high-level figure in Washington D.C. who identifies himself as "X" (Donald Sutherland). "X" suggests there was a conspiracy at the highest levels of government, implicating members of the CIA, the military-industrial complex, Cuban exiles, the Mafia, and Secret Service, FBI, and even Kennedy's vice-president, Lyndon B. Johnson, as either direct conspirators, co-conspirators, or, as having motives to cover up the truth after the assassination. "X" explains that Kennedy was assassinated because his foreign policy would have meant diminished profit for the military-industrial complex, and enraged high-ranking military officials who viewed such diplomacy as weakness. Kennedy ordered control of secret para-military operations to be removed from the CIA and handed over to Department of Defense Joint Chiefs of Staff. This would have diminished the agency's power. Further, the Mafia had helped Kennedy win the 1960 election as a favor to his father, Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr, who had done business with the Mafia dating back to the 1920s, and felt betrayed that he had let his brother, Robert F. Kennedy, continue his crusade against the Mob. Furthermore, the Mob wanted revenge for the April 1961 Bay of Pigs fiasco, which they had helped fund and support in order to get their Cuban casinos their biggest moneymakers back from the hands of the Castro government. In flashbacks, "X" reveals how his superior, General "Y", had "X" sent on a trip to Antarctica just before the assassination. One of "X"'s duties was to supplement presidential security. He points out all the lapses in security during JFK's fatal trip to Dallas: the open windows along the route, the hairpin turn from Houston to Elm which slowed the limousine, and bystander activities which would not have been allowed. "X" suggests he was ordered out of the country in order to strip away the normal security measures he would have had in place during Kennedy's fateful trip to Dallas. On his way back from Antarctica, "X" touches down in New Zealand. He reads a local newspaper which mysteriously presents a full dossier on Oswald and his guilt in Kennedy's death. This was hours before Oswald would be charged with the crime and anyone investigating the case knew much about him. "X" views this as clear proof of a cover story of the type used by CIA black ops. In other words, CIA assets in the media were being used to persuade the public of Oswald's guilt. "X" further states that Kennedy was intent on pulling U.S. troops from South Vietnam by the end of 1965 as evidenced by National Security Order 263. This was countermanded immediately by Kennedy's successor, Lyndon Johnson, with National Security Order 273. Therein, concludes "X", lay the foundation of the Vietnam War. "X" encourages Garrison to keep digging and make further arrests. Two of Garrison's staff, one of whom is Assistant District Attorney Susie Cox (Laurie Metcalf), quit the investigation, doubting his motives and methods. Garrison's marriage is strained when his wife Liz (Sissy Spacek) complains that he is spending more time on the case than with his own family. After a sinister phone call is made to their daughter, Liz accuses Garrison of being selfish and attacking Shaw only because of his homosexuality. In addition, the media launches attacks on television and in newspapers attacking Garrison's character and criticizing the way his office is spending taxpayers' money. Some key witnesses become scared and refuse to testify while others, such as Ferrie, die under suspicious circumstances. Before his death, Ferrie tells Garrison that he believes people are after him, and reveals there was a conspiracy around Kennedy's death that involved co-conspirators that were involved in the CIA planned Operation Mongoose. In June 1968, fellow Assistant District Attorney Bill Broussard (Michael Rooker) meets Garrison at the New Orleans airport where Garrison is boarding for Phoenix, Arizona and tells him the Canadian mob will attempt to assassinate him and is about to get Garrison some serious protection when Garrison confronts Broussard about his orders not to pass rumors about someone going to be killed. Broussard tries in vain to get Garrison to listen, but Garrison refuses, dismissing it as "paranoid garbage." He accuses Broussard of disobeying orders and decides to take him back to New Orleans as punishment. Broussard tries to apologize, but Garrison is too busy to accept it. After a few minutes, he has to flee from a public restroom when he hears strange noises in the adjacent stall and is approached by an unknown man who pretends to be a friend of his. Garrison flees after figuring out that he is about to be set up to be arrested by the airport police as part of a plot by the conspiracy to set him up as a homosexual. After Garrison returns to New Orleans, he and his staff discovered that Broussard has joined the FBI and disappeared from his apartment. They argue about the real reason why Shaw has been brought to trial. After Liz retires, he sees Robert Kennedy on TV and witnesses R.F. Kennedy's assassination. Garrison, who predicted it, and Liz, whose faith in her husband is renewed as a result, reconcile. The climax of the film is Clay Shaw's long trial which takes place in January-March 1969. Garrison presents the court with further evidence of multiple killers while attempting to debunk the single bullet theory. Garrison also presents the Zapruder film, a silent, color motion picture sequence shot by private citizen Abraham Zapruder with a 8mm home-movie camera as Kennedy's motorcade passed through Dealey Plaza on that day, thereby unexpectedly capturing the President's assassination. Garrison uses the film to propose a scenario involving three assassins who fired six total shots. But after only one hour of deliberations, the jury acquits Shaw on all charges. The film reflects that the jury's members publicly stated that they really believed there was indeed a conspiracy behind the assassination of JFK, but there was not enough evidence to link Shaw to that conspiracy. The film ends with Garrison stating to reporters that he'll continue to find out what else may be there in the cover up. The final shot shows Garrison and Liz leaving the courthouse together. In the end credits, it is mentioned that Clay Shaw died of lung cancer in 1974, but in 1979 Richard Helms testified under oath that Clay Shaw had, in fact, been a part-time contract agent of the Domestic Contacts Division of the CIA. The Justice Department has done nothing to re-open the investigation of the Kennedy assassination. The end credits also state that secret records related to the assassination will be released to the public in 2029.
tt0087553
Biography,Drama,History
The film opens in May 1973 in Phnom Penh, the capital city of Cambodia. The Cambodian national army is fighting a civil war with the communist Khmer Rouge, a result of the Vietnam War over-spilling that country's borders. Dith Pran (Haing S. Ngor), a Cambodian journalist and interpreter for New York Times reporter Sydney Schanberg (Sam Waterson), awaits the arrival of Schanberg at the Phnom Penh airport when he leaves suddenly. Schanberg arrives after his flight is delayed for three hours in Bangkok, Thailand, and, irritated that Pran is not at the airport, takes a taxi to his hotel. There he meets Al Rockoff (John Malkovich), his photographer. Rockoff doesn't know where to find Pran and suggests they go to a nearby cafe to eat. While they sit and talk, an explosion happens nearby. Al thinks a passing scooter's passenger threw a grenade, though the target isn't actually revealed. Pran suddenly arrives and tells Schanberg that an incident has occurred in a remote town, Neak Leung. Allegedly, an American B-52 has bombed the town by mistake. After talking to the United States Consul at the American embassy and finding out that the reports about Neak Leung are true, Schanberg and Pran try to find transport to the site. Pran is able to sneak himself and Sydney onto a police boat that takes them to Neak Leung. When they arrive, they find that the town has indeed been bombed and hundreds of local civilians have been killed, with many more wounded, including women and children. Schanberg and Pran are arrested when they try to photograph the execution of two Khmer Rouge operatives by Cambodian army officers. They are eventually released and Schanberg is furious when the international press corps arrives with the U.S. Army to report a sanitized version of the story. The story moves ahead two years, to April 1975. The international embassies are being evacuated in anticipation of an invasion of the capital by the Khmer Rouge. Schanberg manages to secure evacuation papers for Pran, his wife and their four children. However, Pran insists that he stay with Schanberg and help him continue his war coverage. Pran's family is evacuated with the other international diplomats. On April 17, the Khmer Rouge move into the capital, seemingly under a banner of peace. During a parade through the city, Schanberg, suspicious of the positive way the Khmer Rouge are being welcomed, meets Rockoff, who tells him that he'd just come from an area where heavy fighting was taking place. At a makeshift hospital they see the result of the fighting; many children and other citizens are injured by shrapnel and gunfire. As they leave the hospital they are met by a small unit of Khmer Rouge troops, who arrest them immediately. Pran is at first not allowed into the armored personnel carrier with Schanberg, Rockoff, Swain and their driver, but he is able to bribe the Khmer Rouge officer with his wristwatch. The group is taken through the city to a hidden courtyard where prisoners are being held and executed. Pran, unharmed because he is a Cambodian civilian, negotiates with the Khmer Rouge officer in command for several hours to spare the lives of his friends. They are set free, joining the thousands of refugees fleeing the capital. Schanberg, Rockoff, Swain and Pran do not leave Phnom Penh, but they all instead retreat to the French embassy and stay there for several days, awaiting their chance to evacuate. During this time they are informed that the Khmer Rouge have demanded that all Cambodian citizens in the embassy be turned over. Fearing the embassy will be overrun, the embassy occupants comply. Knowing that Pran will be imprisoned or killed, Rockoff and fellow photographer Swain vainly try to forge a passport identifying Pran as a German citizen. Without a current picture of Pran, they use supplies they find in the embassy buildings; however, the picture fades because of the poor quality and age of the paper and chemicals they use. With no other options available, Pran is turned over to the Khmer Rouge and is forced to live under their totalitarian regime. All of the foreigners whom include the French, American, and most others are then expelled from Cambodia. Several months later, Schanberg returns to New York City where he is in the midst of a personal campaign to locate Pran. He has appealed to many humanitarian organizations and has kept in close contact with Pran's family in San Francisco. In Cambodia, Pran has become a forced laborer under the Khmer Rouge's "Year Zero" policy, a return to the agrarian ways of the past. Pran labors in rice fields under the watchful eyes of armed young Khmer Rouge children of both sexes, whom the Khmer Rouge hold in high regard as the future leaders of their regime. Pran is also forced to attend propagandist classes where everyone undergoes re-education. As intellectuals are singled out and murdered or made to disappear, Pran feigns simple-mindedness. Eventually, he tries to escape from his work camp, but is recaptured. Before he is found by members of the Khmer Rouge, he stumbles upon the infamous "killing fields" of the Pol Pot regime; endless acres of bones and blue plastic bags (used for suffocation executions) where millions of Cambodian citizens were murdered by the new order. Flashing forward four years later to January 1979, Sydney Schanberg receives a journalism award for his coverage of the Cambodian conflict. At the acceptance dinner he tells the audience that half the recognition for the award belongs to Pran. In the men's room, he is confronted by Rockoff who harshly accuses him of not doing enough to locate Pran and for using his friend to win the award. Schanberg defends his efforts, saying that he has contacted every humanitarian relief agency possible in the four years since Pran's disappearance. Rockoff suggests that Schanberg subtly pressured Pran to remain in Cambodia because Pran was so vital to Sydney's work. This accusation hits close to home, and Schanberg begins to wonder whether he put his own self-interest ahead of Pran's safety. He finally admits that Pran "stayed because I wanted him to stay." Back in Cambodia, Pran is assigned to be the assistant to the Khmer Rouge leader of a different prison compound, a man named Phat, and charged mostly with tending to his little boy. Pran continues his self-imposed discipline of behaving as an uneducated peasant, despite several of Phat's attempts to trick him into revealing his knowledge of both French and English. Phat gradually begins to trust Pran and asks him to take ward of his son in the event that he is killed. By this time, the Khmer Rouge are now engaged in a war with Vietnam. The conflict reaches Pran's region and a battle ensues between the Khmer Rouge of the compound and the invading Vietnamese troops which are supported when two Vietnamese fighter jets are sent in to destroy the camp. After the skirmish has ended, Pran discovers that Phat's son has American money and a map leading to safety. When Phat tries to stop the younger Khmer Rouge officers from killing several of his comrades, he is ignominiously shot. In the confusion, Pran escapes with four other prisoners and they begin a long trek through the jungle with Phat's young son. The group later splits and three of them head in a different direction. Pran continues following the map with one of them. However, Pran's companion steps on a hidden land mine while holding the child. Though Pran pleads with the man to give him the child, the mine goes off, killing them both. Pran mourns for a time and continues on, alone. One day, Pran crests the escarpment of the Dângrêk Mountains and sees a Red Cross camp near the border of Thailand. The scene shifts to Schanberg calling Pran's family with the news that Pran is alive and safe. Soon after, Schanberg travels to the Red Cross camp in Thailand and is reunited with Pran. Asking Pran to forgive him, Pran answers, with a smile, "Nothing to forgive, Sydney", as the two embrace. John Lennon's popular song, "Imagine" plays over the scene and during the end credits, which show actual photos of the real Pran and Schanberg.
tt0475276
Drama,History,Thriller
The film opens early on the morning of September 11, 2001 with the hijackers praying in their hotel room, then leaving for Newark Liberty International Airport. At the airport, the passengers and crew board United Airlines Flight 93 along with the hijackers. Shortly after boarding, Flight 93 runs into rush hour traffic, and the flight is momentarily delayed. The other 3 would-be-hijacked flights take off. Eventually Flight 93 does take off and passes by Manhattan. Hijacker Ziad Jarrah catches a final glimpse of the World Trade Center before the plane gets airborne. Air traffic controllers monitoring all current flights notice that American Airlines Flight 11 has taken a southern turn toward New York City. Not long after that, Flight 11 descends into Lower Manhattan and crashes head on into the North Tower of the World Trade Center, though air traffic controllers are not aware of it. CNN then broadcasts the first international shot of the smoking WTC. While the traffic controllers, unaware that Flight 11 has crashed, try to make sense of it, United Airlines Flight 175 begins to descend and turn toward NYC as well. Air traffic controllers then realize they are dealing with a hijacking. American Airlines Flight 77 is also hijacked. The traffic controllers alert the U.S. Air Force, who decide whether or not to shoot down all suspected hijacked flights. The traffic controllers and Air Force then watch in horror as Flight 175 crashes into the South Tower of the WTC on live television. Word of the planes that hit the World Trade Center reaches Flight 93, and the hijackers then decide to begin the hijacking. One of them assembles a fake bomb out of clay and plastic, while the other 3 wrestle their way into the cockpit. In the cockpit they put a photo of the U.S. Capitol, their target, on the flight yoke mounted clipboard. By this time, Flight 77 crashes and creates a huge fireball at the Pentagon. Much to the growing consternation of Ben Sliney and his people, coordination with the Air Force is haphazard and there are simply not enough planes ready, or armed, to respond to an in-air hijacking. Sliney ultimately decides to shut down all airspace in the United States and ground every single flight. The hijackers do not prevent the people from making phone calls through the on-board GTE Airfone system. After hearing about the crashes into the WTC and the explosion at the Pentagon from loved ones, the passengers and crew understand that if they do nothing, they will also die, and eventually elect to storm the cockpit and attempt to retake the plane. The passengers make one last set of phone calls to friends and family, where they declare their intentions. The remaining crew assemble what makeshift weapons they can: cutlery, wine bottles, a fire extinguisher. Learning that one of the passengers can fly a plane (although he has not flown a commercial aircraft), the group pin their hopes on him being able to at least control the plane. They debate whether the bomb is real or fake before deciding to start their counter-attack by overpowering the terrorist with the bomb. He is overpowered and killed by the passengers with a fire extinguisher. Having seen this, the terrorist in the forward section of the planes warns the two in the cockpit and makes several attempts to hold off the advancing passengers, including using what appears to be mace. He too is soon overwhelmed and killed by one of the passengers. Ziad Jarrah shakes the plane violently to throw the passengers off balance, but nonetheless they make it into the cockpit. As the passengers wrestle for control, the plane goes into an angled nosedive towards the ground. The film ends just as Flight 93 crashes into an empty field.
tt0092965
Drama,History,War
The story begins in 1941, just prior to the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. Jamie Graham is a precocious and privileged boy living with his parents in Shanghai. His father is a rich British businessman and the family lives in a mansion on the outskirts of the city and Jamie attends an exclusive prep school. Much has been done to shelter Jamie from the Chinese culture that surrounds him and he is quite spoiled, treating the family's servants with utmost disrespect. Very interested in aviation, Jamie harbors an interest in one day joining the Japanese air force, a dream that his father finds disturbing. The family attends a costume ball thrown by one of the father's business associates, Mr. Maxton. While there, Jamie runs off to fly his wooden glider. He finds the wrecked fuselage of a fighter plane near an abandoned airfield. While he plays with the controls, his glider slips out of sight behind a mound. He scrambles up the mound and finds an encampment of Japanese soldiers. While he stares at them, his father and Maxton appear and call him down, specifically telling Jamie not to run. As they walk away and the Japanese soldiers return to their camp, Jamie remarks that they "seem to be waiting for something to happen". Maxton suggests that Graham take his family to their apartment in the city and seek an exit from Shanghai, most likely by sea. The family returns to their Shanghai apartment. Early the next morning, Jamie spots a Japanese warship in the harbor communicating with land forces using flashing lights. Jamie begins using his own flashlight from his room when an explosion throws him back from his window. The Japanese move into the city in full force. Jamie's family is able to make it to their limousine but are unable to get very far due to the crowds of people filling the streets. They exit the limo and find themselves crushed and separated among the crowd. Jamie's mother manages to hold on to Jamie when separated from her husband but Jamie lets go of her hand when he drops his toy plane. He sees his mother being helplessly pushed away and she bids him to return to their mansion. Shortly after Jamie witnesses fighting between the Chinese resistance and the Japanese army, seeing a man die in front of him for the first time. The resistance fighters are quickly found and killed. Jamie arrives home to find the house empty. He sees signs of a struggle in his parents bedroom, perhaps indicating that his mother was taken from the house by force. He hears noise downstairs and finds the maid of the house with the other Chinese servant, stealing furniture. When Jamie demands to know what they're doing, the servant, whom Jim had treated badly over the years, calmly walks over and slaps his face and leaves. Jamie stays in the house several months (indicated by the falling level of water in the swimming pool), eating whatever food he can find. When his food and water run out, he rides his bike back to Shanghai to find that the Japanese have long since cemented their control of the city. Jamie tries to surrender to a passing battalion of marching soldiers but they ignore him and his bike is stolen. A homeless Chinese boy notices Jamie and tries to call him over. Jamie refuses and runs through the streets and back alleys, people ignoring his cries for help. The Chinese boy catches and beats him, taking whatever Jamie has on him. Jamie manages to break free and runs into the street, nearly being hit by a truck. The truck's driver, Frank, scares Jamie's tormentor off and takes Jamie with him to an abandoned freighter where Frank's friend, Basie, is cooking rice. Basie deftly searches Jamie for anything of value, taking Jamie's aviator sunglasses and a British crown coin he'd found in the swimming pool. He also gives Jamie a new name, "Jim" and coldly serves Jamie Frank's share of the rice he'd made. The next day Frank and Basie set about trying to "sell" Jim to anyone who needs a manual laborer. When they're unable to sell Jim they decide to leave him to the streets as an orphan. Jim pleads with them to let him stay, even offering them the pickings of rich houses in his old neighborhood outside the city. The three travel to Jim's old house where the lights are on and music, Jim's mother's favorite tune, can be heard. However, the house has been seized by the Japanese, who march out immediately and capture all three. As Jim is held back, Basie is severely beaten. Basie and Jim find themselves in a holding center for foreign prisoners in Shanghai. They spend a significant amount of time there; Jim discovers that the other kids there will steal openly from him to survive, a tactic he also learns from Basie. One day, when the Japanese come to select prisoners for transport to an official camp, Basie is chosen, who boards the truck and ignores Jim's pleas to take him along. Jim begs the driver to take him along and finds that the driver is unsure of the route to the camp. Jim assures the driver that he can guide them to the camp, which is near his parents' old country club. The truck driver throws the annoying Jim into the truck and they leave. The truck arrives at Soochow Creek Interment camp, which is situated right next to an airbase construction site. As the prisoners get off the truck they are ordered to carry white stones up to the spot where a runway is being laid. Jim breaks off from the group, seeing a work area for Japanese Zero airplanes. As he touches one of them, a guard, Nagata, prepares to shoot him. A group of three Japanese pilots approaches and Jamie salutes them; Nagata lowers his rifle when the pilots return Jamie's salute. The story jumps ahead to the Summer of 1945, near the end of the war. Jim has etched out a considerably active life for himself involving an intricate trade network among the other British prisoners and even Nagata himself, who has since been invested as the commanding officer of the camp. While dropping off Nagata's freshly polished boots, Jim slyly steals a bar of soap from the sergeant. Jim's last stop is at the camp infirmary, where he aides the camp doctor, Rawlins, in performing CPR on a dying patient. The woman moves her eyes slightly, seemingly looking at Jim, who now believes he's brought her back to life. Jim appears to lose control, frantically pumping the woman's chest and Rawlins is forced to throw Jim off the dead woman. Rawlins has been schooling Jim in Latin and classical poetry, but is unable to teach Jim to recognize when his efforts go too far. Jim leaves the hospital and goes to the American prisoners barracks, delivering the soap to Basie. Basie shows Jim his latest project which involves laying snares in the marsh next to his barracks, hoping to catch pheasants for next Thanksgiving. Basie also makes a deal with Jim: if Jim lays the snares, Basie will let Jim move into the American dorm and take him along if he finds a way to escape the camp. That night the airbase is bombed by American pilots, who drop a bomb very close to the prison camp. In retaliation, Nagata and a few of his officers begin breaking windows in the British and American barracks. When Nagata moves on the infirmary, Rawlins tries to stop him. The sergeant begins to violently and mercilessly beat the doctor. Jim steps in, smashing two windows and begging Nagata in Japanese to cease his punishment, which he does. Rawlins, in gratitude for Jim's actions, gives Jim a pair of two tone golf shoes that belonged to a recently deceased patient. The next day, Jim steals away from the camp to the marsh near the American dorm. Waiting for the tower guard to sit down and leaving his golf spikes behind, he crawls into the marsh to place Basie's snares. However, Basie has another motive for planting the traps: he is using Jim to test the marsh for mines. Moments later, Nagata appears and yells at the guard to take up his post. Nagata finds Jim's shoes and wades into the marsh after him. He is just about to find Jim when a Japanese boy from the airbase calls the sergeant over; the boy has lost his toy glider in the marsh and Nagata retrieves it for him. As the two walk away, the boy salutes Jim, whom he'd seen all along. Jim is given his own space in the American dorm, much to Frank's chagrin, who has to give up some of his own personal space for the young upstart. One day, Basie and another American prisoner, Dainty, are going over potential escape plans using a cork and needle as a compass (provided them by Jim & his pilfering network). Nagata shows up unexpectedly and sees how comfortably Basie has been living. He also finds the bar of soap stolen by Jim and becomes instantly furious, beating Basie severely. Basie leaves Jim in charge of his possessions, knowing he'll be sent to the infirmary. Jim visits him there after seeing through his binoculars that Basie has been given the mosquito net usually reserved for dying patients. (Basie tells him that he merely bribed Dr. Rawlins for it.) During their conversation, Basie suddenly asks Jim why he isn't back at the dorm minding Basie's things; Jim says that the older and larger men in the dorm took everything, Jim being fairly helpless to stop them. Ashamed, Jim leaves the American dorm shortly after Basie returns from the hospital. Now essentially homeless, Jim awakes one morning after falling asleep on the grounds of the camp and sees a kamikaze ritual taking place at the airbase. Moved by the ceremony, he begins to sing "Suo Gân" a Welsh folk song from his childhood days of singing in the choir. As the planes take off one suddenly explodes in midair; a squadron of American P-51 Mustang fighters have arrived and begin to destroy the airbase. Exhilarated, Jim climbs to the top of a bombed-out building to watch the battle and sees one of the American pilots waving at him. Jim begins to scream in joy. As the battle continues, Rawlins, fearing for Jim's safety, yells for the boy to come down. Jim doesn't listen and Rawlins climbs after him, finally catching him as the battle winds down. He yells at Jim to return to reality and Jim breaks down, saying he can't recall what his parents looked like. Rawlins carries him down, Jim blankly reciting the poem that Rawlins had been teaching him. The next day, the camp is evacuated by Nagata. The prisoners are told that there will be food waiting for them further inland and a march is quickly started. As they leave, Jim sees the young Japanese boy he'd befriended through the camp wire taking the ceremonial drink of the kamikaze pilots. The boy jumps into his plane but cannot take off because the plane refuses to fire up. The group reaches Nantao Stadium, many miles away, where the Japanese spoils from Shanghai are stored. Among the automobiles there, Jim finds his father's old limo. After being told that there's no food or water there, Jim stays behind with Mrs. Victor, a woman who acted as a guardian to Jim back in Soochow. Jim tells her to act dead so they can stay, however, Mrs. Victor actually dies. As a devastated Jim sits with her body, he sees a gigantic flash of light to the east, one of the atomic bombs dropped by the United States on Japan. Jim believes it is Mrs. Victor's ascending soul, however, he hears a radio broadcast later that reports about the new weapon and the surrender of the Japanese Empire, ending the war. As the starving and weakened Jim staggers back to Soochow he notices large canisters falling from the sky on parachutes. They are from the Red Cross and contain food and other supplies. Jim gathers what he can and returns to the prison camp. There he finds the young Japanese boy from the airbase, who is angrily slashing at the marsh with his samurai sword. Recognizing Jim, he stumbles away crying. Jim hears an engine revving and sees a car break through a wall of fire. In the car are Basie and a couple of other men he'd joined up with who are looting the relief containers. The Japanese boy offers Jim a mango and is about to help Jim cut it with his katana when he is shot by one of Basie's companions. As the man rushes over Jim flips him into the marsh and leaps on him, wildly punching him. Basie pulls Jim off, who turns his attention to the Japanese boy. He tries to revive him using CPR but the boy is clearly dead and Basie again pulls Jim off. As he tries to soothe Jim, Jim pulls away, a crazed look in his eye; Jim's experiences during the war of stealing, death and fear have finally pushed him onto the path to adulthood. Basie decides to leave Jim behind, knowing Jim will survive. Jim stays in the camp a bit longer, riding a bike like he did in childhood and laughing. He is found by a U.S. Army unit, to whom he "surrenders". Jim returns to Shanghai and is housed in an orphanage for child war prisoners. The kids are assembled by the nuns for a group of parents who have returned to Shanghai following the war; Jim's parents are among them. They wade through the sea of children, not able to find Jim at first, but spot him after a few moments. Jim, scarred from his experiences and still in shock, doesn't believe his own eyes as he recognizes his mother by her face and hair and eventually collapses in her loving arms.
tt0418689
Action,Adventure,Drama
There were five Marines and one Navy Corpsman photographed raising the U.S. flag on Mt. Suribachi by Joe Rosenthal on February 23, 1945. "Flags of Our Fathers" is the story of three of the six surviving servicemen, John "Doc" Bradley (Ryan Phillippe), Pvt. Rene Gagnon (Jesse Bradford), and Pvt. Ira Hayes (Adam Beach), who fought in the battle to take Iwo Jima. The picture became one of the most famous images of the U.S. winning a battle during WWII. However, the battle for Iwo Jima raged on for another month with three of the marines being killed in action. The other three servicemen were taken out of battle and flown back to the states. The photo made these men heroes, and the government used these new heroes to promote the selling of war bonds on the War Bond Tour. The three men did not believe they were heroes, even though the American public did. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0824747
Biography,Crime,Drama
On March 9, 1928, Christine Collins (Angelina Jolie) wakes her son Walter (Gattlin Griffith). After measuring his height against the wall gets him ready for the school day (joking around with him the whole way). She drops him off at school and goes to her job as a supervising phone operator at a Los Angeles telephone company. At the end of the day she picks Walter up at school on a cable car and he tells her that he got in a fight when another student said that Walter's father hated him. Christine corrects him by saying his father didn't even know him, so how could he hate him. Christine then explains that Walter's father was merely frightened of the responsibility that came with Walter and took off before he would have to deal with it, and Walter smiles and accepts this explanation. The next day Christine gets a phone call early saying that she has to come in since one of the other girls was sick. Eventually she agrees, disappointing Walter with the news that they have to go to the movies tomorrow, to which he sighs but nods. She tells him that there's a sandwich for him in the fridge and reminds him that a couple neighborhood girls will be by later to check on him, and she then heads out. At the phone company, Christine is getting ready to leave when her boss Ben Harris (Frank Wood) stops her. He notes that she's done a great job as a supervisor and says that there may be an opening for a full-time assistant manager. She thanks him for the opportunity and they agree to discuss it over dinner the next night (although he obviously wants it to be more date and less business). Floating on cloud nine, Christine goes home and finds Walter missing. She searches the whole neighborhood and asks other children, but no one has seen him. Finally she calls the police, but is told by the man who answers, Detective Lester Ybarra (Michael Kelly) that most missing children turn up by morning and she shouldn't worry, he's probably just somewhere in the neighborhood and lost track of time, and that she's saying nothing that other mother's who've called haven't said. He offers to take her address, but she hangs up. The next morning, a police car comes and two cops take down her information and info on what Walter looks like, including taking a picture of him. During the next few weeks, we see the investigation in various stages, led by captain J.J. Jones (Jeffrey Donovan), the head of the missing persons department. While they are conducting their investigation, Christine is doing her own investigation, calling various cities as far away as Las Vegas on a regular basis and seeing if any children fitting Walter's description have been found. At the same time, we see radio preacher Rev. Gustav Briegleb (John Malkovich) praying for Christine and for the safe return of Walter with his congregation (despite the fact that neither she nor Walter are members of his parish) while at the same time lambasting the corrupt and lazy police force. After five months of this, though, they are no closer to finding Walter than when they started. Meanwhile, in a town in Illinois called Dekalb, we see a man and his son (Devon Conti) at a hole-in-the-wall diner. The man reaches for his wallet to pay but realizes he forgot it at home. The owner gets pissed but decides to give the man twenty minutes to get to his house, pick up his wallet, and return to pay (with his son left as collateral). After two hours of waiting, though, the owner, now both angry and worried for the kid, decides to call the cops. Back in Los Angeles, we see Christine moving listlessly through her job when Jones and Lester show up with some good news for her -- they have found Walter. After a big celebration at the company, Jones and Lester, along with Chief of Police James E. Davis (Colm Feore) escort Christine to the train station where in the midst of a big media circus she is reunited with....the boy from the diner. She states that that is not her son, and Jones explains how five months in captivity can both change how a person is remembered and how he or she looks in real life. Jones then asks the boy who he is and his address, and the boy gives the correct answers, but in a tone of voice that makes them sound like lines memorized for a play. Despite this, Christine eventually states that Jones may be right and after posing for a photo with "Walter" for the newspapers takes him back home. That night, Christine and the boy are having dinner and she begins noticing things. First, the boy doesn't use manners, something Walter had been studious about. Second, and even more glaring, she notices as she is toweling him off after a bath that he is circumcised. Her eyes narrow and she drags the boy to where she had measured Walter back in March, only to find that this child is three inches shorter than Walter at the same time. This prompts her to visit Jones, who assures her again that they found the right boy -- almost demanding it, actually -- but he agrees to send a doctor over to verify. The next day, Dr. Earl W. Tarr (Peter Gerety) arrives for the examination, but he barely does more than check for a sore throat before giving Christine the same spiel Jones gave her, only now including such tidbits as the fact that the spine can shrink in stressful times and that the kidnappers may have circumcised the boy themselves. She still refuses to believe this, though. That night, the boy is going to bed in Walter's room when he makes the mistake of saying "Good night, mommy", which causes Christine to fly into a rage, flinging a plate against the wall near his head and screaming that she wants her son back. Later, after the boy is asleep, she goes into Walter's room and apologizes to the boy for yelling but again asserts that they are not related. The next morning, Christine is woken by a phone call from none other than Gustav, who tells her to read the front page of the times and then stop by his church for breakfast. Sure enough, the days article is about her denying that the boy is her son despite the best efforts of the valiant officers and indisputable evidence that the boy is her son and how the police fear for the child's blah-blah-blah. Gustav then tells Christine the story of how Davis became chief and his first action was to give the biggest, toughest cops machine guns and then let them kill all the criminals they could -- not to eliminate crime, but to eliminate the competition. He then warns her of what she may be getting herself into, but notes that if she pulls this off, she could be the last woman to have the wrong child returned. We then see Christine at Walter's dentist, who notes that Walter had a piece of muscle preventing the gap between his teeth from closing, which this boy does not have -- his teeth are even, something which he is eager to put in writing for her. The case is the same with school, where Walter's teacher is not remembered by the boy despite her teaching Walter for over a year and when "Walter" is unable to find his assigned desk, giving the teacher ample cause of her own to put her belief that this is not Walter Collins in writing, along with a promise to testify in court. Soon, we see Christine on the steps of a courthouse telling reporters that the police were wrong and she has proof of it. Naturally, this angers Chief Davis to no end and he orders Jones to take care of it. Jones has Christine and the boy brought in and after a heated "conference" wherein he calls her either delusional or a liar (or a pathological liar), he asks her one more time if that boy is her son. When she says no, he nods to two people and they take her away to an insane asylum where after being subjected to a very crude and harsh entrance examination series she is to be held for her own safety and the safety of the boy until such time as she can demonstrate that she is sane and capable of taking care of herself and the child. Meanwhile, in Wineville (modern-day Mira Loma), near Riverside, we see Lester investigating a missing child report regarding a kid from Canada. He pulls over at one point to ask a stranded motorist for directions to the Northcott Ranch. The motorist, who just happens to be Gordon Northcott (Jason Butler Harner), the owner, pales a little and happily gives him the directions. Lester thanks Northcott and heads on his way to the seemingly deserted homestead. After poking around some he finds his quarry, one Sanford Clark (Eddie Alderson), and informs him that he's going back home to Canada as at the same time we see Northcott in a train station, trying to buy a one way train ticket to Canada, although the best he can do is get a ticket to Seattle where he would then have to either hitch, rent a car, or walk across the border. Back with Christine (who has missed her appointment to appear on Gustav's show, much to his disappointment), we see her having her first breakfast in the asylum. She meets a woman named Carol (Amy Ryan) who is both sane and aware of her situation. Like Christine, Carol and a number of other women there were all brought in under a "Code 12" designation, which, while loosely defined, essentially means that they pissed off a police officer in some way, with Carol's reason being that she was someone who "worked" nights (to which Christine blushes) when a customer got a little rough, but when she filed a complaint, she found out that the customer was a cop. The available options, according to Carol, are to either keep your mouth shut and go home; behave by the asylum's rules and stay in one piece, but on the inside; or fight the system and end up with repetitive shock treatments. After breakfast, Christine has her first appointment with the head doctor, Dr. Johnathan Steele (Denis O'Hare). Christine tries to behave like she needs to to get out, but his dismissive treatment of her and accusations of lying/craziness, coupled with the photographic evidence of her posing with the boy in a front page article about mother and son being reunited, eventually cause her to start stuttering and trying to explain which only ends up making her look more insane, much to her dismay. Meanwhile, we see Sanford in a waiting room somewhere with other kids, one of whom keeps banging a ruler up and down, causing Sanford to see a man with an axe hitting something and covering himself with blood every time the ruler comes down. After a while, he is brought in to see Lester and Lester asks why Sanford wanted to see him again. Sanford then tells Lester the story of how he had intended to only stay with his cousin at his ranch for a little while, but was eventually forced to stay there. Lester lights a cigarette and starts asking what that has to do with it, and Sanford tells them of something they would do. Every now and then, they would go driving in the city and pick up a boy who was alone by saying that his parents were in the hospital and they needed him to come with them now. According to Sanford, if just an adult asked, the kid would automatically refuse to get in, since they wouldn't take a ride from strangers. However, if they saw that there was already a kid in the car -- a kid like Sanford, for instance -- then it must be okay to get in. After they had the boy, they would take him back to the ranch and lock him up inside the chicken coop on the grounds, sometimes with as many as four or five others. Once things started to get crowded, Northcott would take some of the boys and hack them to death with an axe....except sometimes, he wouldn't go all the way, and he would force Sanford to finish. In either case, Sanford would then have to dig a grave and bury the bodies on the grounds. By the end of this story, Sanford is in tears and Lester is in shock, with his cigarette having burnt all the way down without having been smoked. Pulling himself together, Lester asks if Sanford would remember the faces of those boys and Sanford nods yes. Lester pulls out a stack of pictures of missing boys and Sanford starts going through them. He puts the ones he recognizes face up on the table in front of him, eventually creating a pile of ten or fifteen pictures, with only a few rejects. Lester starts going through the recognized pile, looking at the names on the back. He pulls out one and asks Sanford if he's sure, and Sanford nods. Lester whispers, "Jesus Christ," and puts the picture, which is labeled "Walter Collins -- Age 9" on the table. He heads out of the room, grabs two other cops, and after grabbing Sanford and telling the cops he'll explain on the way, heads out. The next day, Christine is having another "talk" with Steele and, after noting that she is having to be force fed her medication, informs her that if she is willing to sign a contract saying that she was wrong and the police found the right boy, then she could go home first thing tomorrow morning. She refuses and grows angry, causing the doctor to yell for an orderly, who drags Christine out of the room kicking and screaming. Carol, who is near all this, comes to Chrstine's defense by fighting with several of the nurses and orderlies and even going so far as to punch the good doctor. Naturally, this unruly conduct gets her some time in the shock treatment room. When Christine checks on her later, Carol admits that she's been pregnant twice and lost the baby twice. She tells Christine that the important thing is to keep fighting, and as for the doctors and orderlies...."Fuck them and the horse they rode in on." Christine laughs at this unladylike remark and Carol says that there's a place and time for being ladylike, and this is neither. Meanwhile, Lester and his crew (including Sanford) reach the ranch and after securing the site they grab a shovel and tell Sanford to show them where the bodies are buried. He takes them to a spot that may once have had a small coop but now holds just the base of it, the rest having perished in a fire. Lester tells Sanford to start digging, which he reluctantly does, eventually unearthing first a shoe with a skeletal foot, then a hand, then a pair of ribcages. As Lester's partners recoil in shock and/or disgust, Lester steps forward and tells Sanford to stop, which, after a brief struggle, he does, collapsing in the dirt and crying. Later, Jones is talking with Lester on the phone about Lester's discovery and the implications, especially those in the Collins case, when Gustav shows up with an army of lawyers demanding Christine. Jones quickly tells Lester to just get Sanford to the station and confronts Gustav. Fortunately (except for Jones), Gustav is able to get Christine's current location. The day after, we see Christine at roll call (where the inmates stand outside their doors to be counted). Steele asks Christine if she's ready to sign the contract and she says proudly, "Fuck you and the horse you rode in on." Steele orders immediate shock treatment and heads for his office just as Gustav is barging in with his army. As Gustav yells at the head nurse to bring Christine out, an order is given to nurses in the shock room to let Christine go and bring her to Steele's office. He tells her that she can leave, which she does without knowing quite why. As she departs, we see the headline on the paper he is holding -- "Bodies of missing children found at ranch -- Collins child believed dead" (not exactly it, but close enough). Christine walks outside and overhears a newsie shouting the headline and faints, but Gustav is suddenly there to catch her and take her home. Sometime later, we see the fake Walter being interviewed by Lester. He claims innocence, but Lester says that given the Collins boy's death, he could be charged with accessory to murder. The kid doesn't believe it, but when Lester mentions that Sanford is going to jail at only fifteen (probably not true), he starts talking. Meanwhile, in Vancouver, we see Northcott arriving home at his sister's house. She welcomes him and after saying hello she invites him to go upstairs and clean up. As soon as he does, though, they hoof it and call the mounties, who are soon arriving to arrest Northcott. Back in the states, Christine receives a visit from Gustav. He has brought a friend with him who he introduces as S.S. Hahn (Geoffrey Pierson). Gustav asks Caroline what her next step is and she brings up the idea of a civil case against the whole department. In turn, Gustav notes that he tracked down the only lawyer to go up against the city four times in civil cases and wins, but that he was much costlier than Gustav could afford. Christine nods sadly, at which point Hahn says that that's why he's doing this case pro bono. On top of that news and the subpoenas being filed against the department, including Jones and the chief, Christine and her new friends also manage to get all the women in the asylum that were placed there under Code 12 released -- including Carol, who shares a warm smile with Christine as she makes her way out. About two weeks after this all started, on October 4, 1928, we see Christine and company heading into the courthouse amidst a swarm of people all carrying signs insulting the integrity of the LAPD. Inside the court, we see representatives of all parties gathered except for the LAPD. A recess is called, to the committee heads displeasure, and Christine is taken to a separate courtroom where the trial of Northcott is being held and where he enters a plea of "Not guilty". In the audience, a woman taps Christine on the shoulder and identifies herself as Leanne Clay (Lily Knight), a mother of one of the boys Northcott killed, which gives the two women an instant connection. On the same day, we see the fake Walter -- really a boy named Arthur Hutchins -- being reunited with his real mother by a smiling Chief Davis, who wants the press to note that the LAPD does many good deeds despite the bad deeds undertaken by a minority of the department. Unfortunately for him, this line gets derailed once the boy pipes up that it was the police who told him to be Walter Collins, which has Davis all but shoving the boy onto the train just to get rid of him. At this point, clips from each trial are shown, with people such as the Chief, Walter's teacher, and Walter's dentist testifying. Most prominently shown is a clip of Captain Jones being interviewed wherein Hahn gets him to admit that he sent Christine to the mental hospital without warrant or cause. Eventually, the trials are concluded and verdicts are reached. For Northcott's case, it ends with him being found guilty, at which point he pauses to say that he hates everyone in the courtroom except for Christine, who he calls a real classy lady. He is sentenced to solitary confinement at San Quentin prison until October 2, 1930, at which point he will be hung from the neck until dead. In the civil trial, the decree is that Jones shall be permanently suspended (re: fired); Davis shall be demoted from his position as chief; and an internal review of the steps needed to allow someone to be committed shall be undertaken so that events such as those which allowed Christine and the other women to be committed so easily shall not happen again. Two years later, on September 30, 1930, we see Christine at work. She takes her ten-minute "break", which consists of calls to missing child departments, when she is interrupted by none other than Hahn, her old lawyer friend. He informs her that Northcott has requested that he see her so he can tell her face to face what really happened to Walter. She goes down the next day but once the two are together, Northcott clams up. He says that he has confessed to God and been forgiven by Him and claims again that he never killed Walter, who he had called an angel at the trial, and that he does not want to lie now, lest he go to Hell. Christine demands to know what happened and that he tell the truth, even going so far as to throw him against the window to get him to talk, but it has no effect. She stays for the hanging the next day. Northcott is calm and detached, making conversation with the reverend and saying he has no final statement. He loses control on the steps to the noose, though, and is carried up by two guards. A bag is placed over his head and the noose is fitted as straps are tightened around his body to ensure a minimum of struggling, lest the rope break and the whole thing be ruined. As the time approaches, Northcott strangely begins to sing "Silent Night". At the appointed time, the warden nods and the floor drops. Northcott jerks briefly, but after a minute is still. Years pass. We next see Christine on February 27, 1935. Her operator friends are holding an Oscar party at one of their houses, but Christine declines, saying that she has too much work. Ben pops his head in her office and also asks, but she declines.... although after a moment, she tells him that if "It Happened One Night" (her pick for best picture) wins best picture over his pick, "Cleopatra", then she'll have dinner with him tomorrow night. Sure enough, that is just what happens. As she grins in her office, the phone rings. She picks up expecting it to be Ben, but is instead surprised by Leanne Clay, who says that they found one of the missing boys. Christine runs to the Lincoln Heights precinct and meets with Leanne and her husband, who are watching in a viewing room as Leanne's son David (Asher Axe) is interviewed by Lester. David says that he was in there with four other boys -- two brothers named Winslow, a kid named Joseph...and Walter. One night, three of the boys staged an escape thanks to some loose fence on the coop. Joseph and Walter got out quickly, but David got stuck on the fence. As Walter runs back to get him loose, lights are turned on in the house and Northcott and Sanford realize that the kids are missing. Walter frees David and the two run for it as Northcott tried to give chase. They all went in separate directions, and David never saw either of the other boys again. Eventually he found a house where a woman took him in, and that's where he had been staying until coming forward. Lester asks why he waited, and David says that he was scared that he'd be blamed for some of the deaths or that he'd be in some kind of trouble, at which point his parents come in and engulf him in a huge family hug, which Lester almost breaks up before deciding to let them have their moment. He and Christine head outside and he consoles Christine, saying that what Walter did was incredibly brave. She agrees and he asks what she'll do now. She smiles at him and says that if David escaped and survived, then maybe that means that Walter and the other boys also did, and that maybe Walter is out there right now, alive but afraid to come forward, thinking that something might happen to him or to his mother. Whatever the case, she says, she now has something she didn't have before. Lester asks her what that is, and she looks him in the eye and says simply, "Hope."
tt0446013
Action,Adventure,Drama
The boy who would come to be named Ghost was with a group of Viking colonizers who planned to exterminate the local population. Their dragon ship was somehow destroyed with the passengers brutally killed, leaving Ghost as the traumatized sole survivor. A native woman finds Ghost in the wreckage and adopts him as her own son. In his dreams Ghost recalls the Vikings massacring some Indians. Ghost tried to stop his father from killing an infant, and refused to kill anyone. His father then beat him cruelly, disowning him. The truth of his dream can be seen by the scars on his back. Years later, Ghost remains tormented by his dreams, which along with his different appearance, interfere with his ability to fully assimilate into the community. He has feelings for a young woman from an allied tribe named Starfire, the daughter of Pathfinder, a man searching for a worthy successor. Later, while hunting and gathering with the group, a young girl from Ghost's tribe wanders off, encounters a Viking and is attacked. She escapes back to the village, but is followed by the Vikings. They raze the village and slaughter nearly everyone, except a few men whom they want to murder individually in "duels." Ghost arrives back at the village too late. The Vikings decide to make Ghost duel; he maims his opponent and escapes. Injured during the pursuit, he hides in a cave where he is found by a hunting party from Pathfinder's tribe. They bring him home, and the warriors discuss taking the initiative against the Viking invaders. Ghost, however, warns them that their wood and stone weapons are no match for the Vikings' metal armour and blades. He demonstrates this by using his sword to easily cut a bow in half. Ghost advises the villagers that their only chance of survival is to flee, and he departs to take on the Vikings alone. Pathfinder instructs his people which route to take. Ghost finds that he has been covertly followed by a mute admirer. In an abandoned village, they set a series of traps. Starfire, meanwhile, has chosen to leave the tribe and finds Ghost and his colleague. The three use traps and deception to pick off Vikings one by one, looting armor and weapons. Pathfinder, like his daughter, also finds Ghost and joins the fight. When his tribe realizes Pathfinder is missing, a group decides to go back and fight. Unfortunately, they arrive just as Ghost's group is springing their largest trap. The war party hurries down a slope and falls into a huge pit with stakes at the bottom. Eventually, the mute is killed, and Pathfinder, Ghost and Starfire are captured. Ghost is recognized as the son of a Viking and is able to speak their language. The Vikings torture Pathfinder but he refuses to reveal his tribe's location, so they kill him. The Vikings next threaten to torture Starfire if Ghost will not betray the location of other villages, so Ghost agrees to help the Vikings. Starfire is furious that he would betray the Indians. First Ghost leads them to the most recently abandoned campsite. He covertly picks up an abandoned doll, then promises to lead the Vikings in pursuit of the tribe. When they come to a crossroads, he plants the doll as evidence of the path. When they come to a large lake, he points out the mountain path, but several Vikings dismiss that and insist on crossing the ice. The weight of the men, armor and horses quickly breaks through the ice. The mountain path is the only choice. Ghost leads them on the mountain, which becomes a dangerous cliffside path. He insists that everyone be tied together to reduce the risk of men falling off the high cliff, and the Vikings do as he says. Clever Ghost then creates a domino effect so the entire string of Vikings falls over the cliff, all tied together. However, the Viking leader saves himself. After unsuccessfully dueling on the mountainside with the Viking leader, Ghost shouts to start an avalanche. He eventually shoves the invader off the edge of the cliff, ending his life. Ghost returns to Starfire with Pathfinder's necklace, thus making Starfire the new Pathfinder after her father. Ghost assumes his position as the Coast Watcher, bravest of their tribe.
tt1024648
Biography,Drama,Thriller
The movie begins with a brief history of the Persian Empire, leading up to more modern times, when the Iranian leadership was overthrown in 1953, with the assistance of the United States and Great Britain. The pro-Western Shah of Iran led the country until 1979, when he was overthrown among great resentment among the people for his continuing efforts to westernize the country and for his repressive policies. Ayatollah Khomeini assumed control of the country. The Shah was exiled to Egypt and later went to the U.S. to receive cancer treatments. Although President Carter allowed the Shah to come to the U.S. for humanitarian reasons, the people of Iran viewed it as more fuel for the anti-American fire. On November 4, 1979, militants are protesting outside the U.S. embassy in Tehran. They are demanding the Shah be returned to Iran to stand trial. When some of the protesters manage to scale the boundary fence, orders are given to start destroying all embassy records, some by shredding and some by burning. Equipment is also destroyed. The head of embassy security attempts to go outside and reason with the militants, but he's immediately captured and taken hostage. The marines charged with guarding the embassy are armed, but their leader cautions them not to shoot anyone. They limit their efforts to the use of tear gas, but once the chains on the outside gates are removed, the militants storm the embassy and take 66 of the 72 diplomats and embassy staff hostage. Six of the staff, in the only building with a direct exit to the street, are able to escape and hide in the home of the Canadian ambassador Ken Taylor (Victor Garber). (Fourteen of the hostages were later released, mostly because they were from countries already considered repressed by the U.S., or for health reasons.) One of the militants comes across a poster photo of the Ayatollah with several darts in it, adding to the furor of the moment. In the following days, weeks and months, the hostages were blindfolded and paraded in front of TV cameras and jeering crowds. They were not allowed to speak or read, and they were rarely permitted to change clothes. Throughout the crisis there was a frightening uncertainty about their fate: The hostages never knew whether they were going to be tortured, murdered or set free. Sixty-nine days into the crisis, the Canadians are increasingly uncomfortable with keeping the six Americans at their embassy. Word is that the Iranians have set up sweat shops utilizing Iranian children to go through the laborious process of piecing together the shredded documents. It's only a matter of time before they are able to realize that not all embassy staff have been accounted for and if they reconstruct photographs, they will know who to look for. With the six escapees' situation thus far kept secret, the U.S. State Department begins to explore options for "exfiltrating" them from Iran. Tony Mendez (Ben Affleck), a CIA operations specialist, is brought in for consultation. Mendez criticizes the proposals submitted to that point, but he also doesn't have any better plan to offer. Then, one day he is at home watching the film "Battle for the Planet of the Apes" on TV with his son, and he's inspired to devise a plan to have the escapees pose as Canadian filmmakers, scouting "exotic" locations in Iran for a new sci-fi film. That would provide them a legitimate reason to leave the country. Mendez and his supervisor Jack O'Donnell (Bryan Cranston) contact John Chambers (John Goodman), a Hollywood make-up artist who has previously crafted disguises for the CIA. Realizing they'll need as much legitimacy as possible to make the effort believable, Chambers contacts the film producer Lester Siegel (Alan Arkin). Initially skeptical, Siegel eventually agrees to help and together they set up a phony film studio, "Studio 6," publicize their plans, and establish the pretense of developing Argo, a "science fantasy" in the style of Star Wars, to lend credibility to the group's cover story. The student militants threaten to try the 52 hostages as spies and carry out appropriate punishments. They go so far as to take a small group of hostages, tie them up, blindfold them, and line them up in preparation for execution by firing squad. The weapons are fired, but they are not loaded, so it turned out to be a cruel hoax. Martial law appears to be in effect throughout Iran, under the rule of the Ayatollah, with opposition members in some cases being shot or hung from the booms of construction cranes, after what amounts to trial via kangaroo courts. Tensions rise as the Iranian housekeeper at the Canadian Embassy is starting to ask questions about the six "guests", such as why they never leave the residence. As he offers the best of what seem to be nothing but bad proposals to effect a rescue of the six Americans, Mendez ultimately receives approval from the Secretary of State to proceed with his fictitious movie plan. He travels to Iran via Istanbul. Posing as a producer for Argo, Mendez enters Iran and links up with the six escapees. He provides them with Canadian passports and fake identities to prepare them to get through security at the airport when it comes time to leave. Although afraid to trust Mendez's scheme, they reluctantly go along with it, knowing that Mendez is risking his own life too, and convinced that it is their only option. Each of the six is tasked with assuming a new identity, involving some use of physical disguise and memorizing details about their new personal histories. The plan is for the group go out in public for a day to scout the local bazaar as a potential filming site. That is intended to add credence to their cover story, then they will leave the country the following day. The visit at the bazaar takes a bad turn when a local businessman takes exception at one of the women in the group taking photos. Fortunately, the group's Iranian culture contact is able to get them away from the increasingly hostile crowd, but the incident is very upsetting to everyone. When it's learned that President Carter has authorized a Delta Force military rescue attempt of the 52 hostages, Mendez is told by O'Donnell that his smaller operation has been canceled, so as to avoid any potential conflicts. Mendez is furious. Because he feels personally responsible for the fate of the six, he decides to go ahead with the plan. That night, Mendez and the six imbibe heavily in alcohol as they attempt to calm their nerves and prepare to either escape or die the next day. The next morning, Mendez calls O'Donnell on a secure phone and tells him he's going ahead with the plan, then hangs up before O'Donnell can try to talk him out of it. O'Donnell is forced to scramble to get word of Mendez's decision to the secretaries of state and defense, and ultimately to President Carter, who is the only person who can re-authorize the purchase of tickets for Mendez and the six on a Swissair flight out of Tehran. A member of the Ayatollah's regime goes to visit the housekeeper at the Canadian Embassy. Fortunately, her story provides continuing cover for the six U.S. embassy employees, as she lies and tells the official that the six had only been at the residence for two days. She must now find a way out of the country for her own safety (she goes to Iraq). The Canadian ambassador and his wife leave for the airport shortly after Mendez and the six do. Tension rises at the airport for Mendez and the six. As they check in for their boarding passes, there is no record of any flight reservations. President Carter was just in the process of re-authorizing the mission. Mendez has no way of knowing this, but he asks the ticket agent to check again. This time, the reservations appear and they receive their boarding passes. At the next security check for passports, a skeptical security official is reluctant to approve the six to continue on their way, as there is no original record of their having arrived in Iran two days before, just the carbon copies the six have with them. The official only changes his mind when a letter from the Iranian Minister of Cultural Works is handed to him. That letter provided authorization for the group to come to Iran. As the group approaches the third tier of security at the airport, a member of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard is checking passports and boarding passes at the gate. He directs the six to a nearby room. The guard is also suspicious as to who they really are and what they are doing there. One of the six speaks Farsi and engages the guard in a dialogue about who they are and their reason for being in Iran. He produces copies of some of the movies' storyboards, and a copy of a newspaper advertisement for the movie. Mendez hands the guard a business card, for the fake production company back in Los Angeles, and tells him they can confirm the group's authenticity. The guard examines the newspaper and places a call to the number on the card. However, Siegel and Chambers have been delayed from returning to their office by some ongoing filming taking place at the adjacent stage. Just as the guard is about to hang up the phone, Chambers answers. The guard asks to speak with Mendez. Chambers tells the caller that Mendez is out of country on a scouting trip. The guard hangs up and returns to the gate to authorize the group to proceed aboard. Meanwhile, the children's sweat shop work had successfully re-constructed a photo of one of the six which was then matched to a surreptitious photo taken of the man at the bazaar the day before. Revolutionary Guards rush to the Canadian Embassy to find it abandoned and all the equipment destroyed. The group boards the plane just before the Iranian guards at the airport are informed of the ruse. As the 747 taxis down the runway, it is chased by two Iranian police cars and a truck filled with Revolutionary Guards. The plane is going too fast for them to get in front of it. Mendez and the hostages breathe a sigh of relief only when the plane has left Iranian airspace. That was day 87 of the hostage crisis. To protect the hostages remaining in Tehran from possible retaliation, all U.S. involvement in the rescue is suppressed, giving full credit to the Canadian government and its ambassador. Iranian government officials are very unhappy with the Canadians. Back in the U.S., as Mendez is turning in his mission-related documents for storage at a CIA facility, he decides to keep one of the fictional movie story boards. He places it on a shelf in his son's bedroom, among other models and toys related to sci-fi movies. Mendez is awarded the Intelligence Star, but due to the classified nature of the mission, he would not be able to keep the medal, or tell anyone that he'd received it. That changed in 1997, when President Clinton declassified the details of the event. John Chambers was awarded CIA's Intelligence Medal of Merit for his involvement in the "Canadian Caper." On Election Day, one year and two days after the hostage crisis began, Ronald Reagan defeated Jimmy Carter in a landslide. On January 21, 1981, just a few hours after Ronald Reagan delivered his inaugural address, the remaining 52 hostages were released. They had been in captivity for 444 days.
tt1521197
Drama,Thriller
Anonymous is a political thriller which also involves the question of who actually wrote the plays of William Shakespeare. It follows Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford (Rhys Ifans), and is set against the backdrop of the succession of Queen Elizabeth I (Vanessa Redgrave) and the Essex Rebellion against her.
tt0112384
Adventure,Drama,History
The story opens on July 20, 1969, in the home of astronaut Jim Lovell (Tom Hanks). Jim and a number of other NASA families are gathered to watch the moon walk by Apollo 11's astronauts. Later on, Jim contemplates how close he came to the moon when he was orbiting it on Apollo 8, and thinks about one day setting foot on the moon, as his wife Marilyn (Kathleen Quinlan) tries to keep from thinking of her husband going off on another mission. Some months later, Jim is informed that due to an ear-infection by one of the Apollo 13 crew, he and his crew members have been bumped up to become the Prime Crew for the mission. Marilyn has some misgivings, given the shortened schedule (and that the mission number is 13), but Jim is confident they'll be ready. Jim works with his crew members Fred Haise (Bill Paxton) and Ken Mattingly (Gary Sinise), and the three seem well prepared for their mission. It is shortly before the launch, that Marilyn hints to Jim about her misgivings about the flight, but Jim assures her she's going to miss a great show. After their discussion, Jim and his crew members attend a small press conference, where they discuss the different ways that the number '13' has worked into the launch (Apollo 13, launching at 1300 hours and 13 minutes, and orbiting the moon on April 13th). Jim also surprises the press and the crew, when he declares that the mission will also be his last. With days before the mission, the Flight Surgeon reveals that a member of the backup crew has the measles, and the primary crew has been exposed to it. The Flight Surgeon feels that since Ken Mattingly has not had the measles before, he is in serious risk of becoming sick during the mission. Jim is then given a choice: he can have Ken Mattingly replaced with his backup, Jack Swigert (Kevin Bacon), or the Apollo 13 crew as a whole can be pushed back to a later mission. Though he is upset by the choices, Jim chooses to replace Ken. Jack is called and celebrates when he finds out but Ken is devastated when both Jim and Fred give him the news. The crew continues to train in the simulator with Swigert, though they are not as confident in Jack's piloting skills as Ken's. Even so, Jim promises they'll be ready for the launch. On the day of the launch, Ken watches from a distance as the rocket takes off, with Marilyn Lovell and Fred Haise's wife Mary (Tracy Reiner) in attendance near the launch site. The launch is a success and Marilyn and Mary are relieved when the Saturn V rocket carrying their husbands makes it into space. Eventually, the crew are able to successfully dock the Command Module with the LEM (Lunar Excursion Module), Swigert's piloting skills being up to the task, and the mission continues toward the Moon. The crew also broadcasts a video of being inside the craft, but due to feelings that moon missions aren't exciting anymore, none of the television networks carry the transmission. Shortly after the video feed, the crew makes some 'housekeeping procedures' on the ship, Jim Swigert is asked to stir the oxygen tanks. Suddenly, a loud bang is heard, and the ship begins to pitch out of control, with the system buttons lighting up, and the oxygen tanks beginning to fail. Mission Control (led by Gene Kranz (Ed Harris)) springs into action, attempting to work the problem from the ground. Lovell reports, amid all the confusion, that the service module is leaking oxygen. At the insistence of EECOM member Sy Liebergot (Clint Howard), it is suggested to shut down the fuel cells to prevent further leakage. However, this move comes at a price: if the fuel cells are closed they cannot be reopened and the moon landing will not happen. The procedure is met with some trepidation by Jim Lovell, but the crew makes the move...only for the oxygen level in the Command Module to continue to plummet. With 15 minutes of oxygen remaining in the Command Module, an emergency transfer is made to transfer the flight computer's information and the astronauts into the LEM, utilizing it as a lifeboat. The crew moves through the 3-hour powerup procedure for the LEM in record time, relying on data they have to draw from the Odyssey's flight computer and help from the Mission Control ground crew to check their arithmetic for their course headings. Eventually, the crew are secure in the LEM and control is reestablished to the Odyssey, and Gene Kranz and his men attempt to figure out the best way to bring the men home. While some are for a 'direct abort' (having the crew turn the ship around and head back to Earth immediately) using the Command Module, Gene says it's too risky to light its engine, as they don't know to what extent the 'explosion' that was reported has affected the craft. The plan is for the moon's gravity to slingshot the crew around, and once they come around, they'll fire up the LEM's engine to send them home. The men who designed the LEM do caution that their craft was not designed for what is being proposed, let alone holding 3 men instead of 2. Even so, Gene insists it's the only option they have that's workable. Meanwhile, Marilyn Lovell attempts to keep herself together and be strong for her family. At one point NASA media spokesman Henry Hunt (Xander Berkeley) asks Marilyn if the news stations can set up an antenna on her front lawn. She harshly refuses, saying that they can talk to Jim himself after he comes home. On the craft, the crew passes into the dark side of the moon, and soon passes back around. Though Haise and Swigert are excited to see their landing site below and Jim imagines his own walk on the moon's surface, Jim informs them that they still need to prepare to return home. It is during this time, that the men at Mission Control have determined that there's only 45 hours worth of power left on the craft, which is not enough to bring them home. This information is corrected by John Aaron (Loren Dean), who insists that they are using more power than the calculations have estimated and that it will be drained completely in 15 hours. John says that the crew has to shut off nearly everything, including their navigational computer, and get the use of power down to 12 Amps (aka amperes). Gene approves, but then tells the others to do further research, including simulator time to work on a power-up procedure for re-entry. Ken Mattingly, who'd isolated himself at home and had missed all the news about the mission being crippled, is called in, and begins to do simulator work. Ken figures that if they can eliminate unneeded procedures from the checklist, he can most likely get the men back with the limited power they have. He orders the simulator team to give him the same conditions and equipment that the Odyssey crew has and begins to work long hours without any breaks to figure out a procedure. Shortly after, a new problem is found when it is determined that all three men in the LEM are using up more oxygen and producing more carbon dioxide than expected. Fred Haise realizes that he made an error when he calculated oxygen reserves for only himself and Jim since they were going to be the only 2 using the LEM. The ground team realizes that the LEM filters are round, and the only other filters on the craft (for the Command Module) are square. A team is put together to create a filtration system from the limited supplies on the craft itself. The team works feverishly to build a new filter. On the spacecraft, the crew get into a short argument when Jack brings up a distant re-entry factor and Fred suggests that Jack had caused the accident when he stirred the oxygen tanks. Lovell gets them both to back down, saying that arguing and blaming each other will get them nowhere. They receive a call from Houston alerting them to the oxygen problem just as the CO2 saturation light comes on and work together quickly to build the filter the ground team designed. The procedure is a success and the filter cleanses the air supply in the ship. When it is determined the crew needs to do a 'manual burn' to correct their trajectory back to Earth, Jim and the crew time a difficult 30-second burn using only rudimentary physics: the course computer had to be shut down to conserve battery power and they can only navigate by using one of the LEM's windows by keeping the Earth positioned in it. All 3 work together to pilot the ship and the burn is successful. With their course corrected, Jim and the crew are eager for the power-up procedure, but are told that it is still being completed. However, there is some hope when Mission Control mentions that Ken Mattingly is working on the problem. The crew are cold since the heaters had to be shut down and Haise begins to feel ill and runs a moderate fever. Ken has streamlined his work as best he can, but the procedure is still going over by 4 amps. It is then that Ken proposes that some of the excess power still in LEM can be reversed into the Command Module. Though power will be lost in the transfer, the amperage needed is found to be enough to complete the procedure without the system losing power. Ken and his comrades quickly rush over to Mission Control with the procedure. Ken helps guide the exhausted Jack Swigert through the power-up, while Jim and Fred add ballast into the Command Module pod, which is underweight since the planned addition of moon rock samples from the mission did not happen. With Ken's instruction, Jack gets the Odyssey's systems up and running again. The crew then jettisons the service module from the ship. As it drifts off, the astronauts record and comment on what they see: a entire panel of the craft was blown out, and may have damaged the heat shield of the Command Module pod, creating a new potential problem that the Odyssey won't be able to survive the intense temperature of re-entry into Earth's atmosphere. Eventually, the LEM is cut loose, and the crew prepares for re-entry. For a brief moment, Jack thinks Jim will pilot the Odyssey himself but Jim returns control of it to Jack, saying he'd only sat in the pilot's seat out of habit. Meanwhile, around the world, numerous people wait to see if the three men will make it back. Friends and relatives of Marilyn gather at her home to watch the news coverage. As the men begin their re-entry, contact is lost, and a countdown to 3 minutes begins (the average time it takes astronauts to emerge from 'black out'). However, after 3 minutes, no word is heard when Ken Mattingly radios the crew. The time then stretches agonizingly into 4 1/2 minutes, before suddenly Jim Lovell's voice is heard, and a video feed shows the capsule with its parachutes deployed. The men are quickly recovered, and taken aboard the USS Iwo Jima, to the cheers of numerous crew. In a voice-over, Jim explains that their mission was called "a successful failure," in that they returned safely, but didn't make it to the moon. It is also revealed that the cause of the explosion was a damaged coil in the oxygen tank that exploded which had been determined a 'minor defect' two years before Lovell was named captain of the ship. A summary is then given of the lives of several other people: Fred Haise was scheduled to be on Apollo 18, but due to budget cuts, his mission never happened. Jack Swigert left NASA and was elected to Congress for the State of Colorado, but died of cancer before taking office. Ken Mattingly orbited the moon as command module pilot of Apollo 16, and flew the Space Shuttle (having never gotten the measles). Gene Kranz retired as head of Mission Control in the mid-90's. As stated to the press, Jim's time aboard Apollo 13 was his last space mission. Even so, he hopes that one day, NASA will return to the moon.
tt0485985
Action,Drama,History
The 332nd Fighter Group, an all-black World War II unit made up of the best escort pilots and known as the Red Tails, fights racism at home while fighting the Nazis abroad in this action-packed drama based on the true story of the Tuskegee Airmen. The movie also looks a little bit at the men, as individuals. We get to know some of their strengths, weakness, dreams. One doesn't follow directions, and is highly aggressive fighter. One is captured by the Germans. One drinks whiskey. A couple die, due to combat injuries. One is badly injured, and sent home. The pilots finally get a more responsible assignment, do well, and then are given more responsible assignments. The end of the movie is the unit getting recognition for a job well done.
tt0116743
Crime,Drama,History
Set in 16th century India, this movie depicts the story of two girls who were raised together, though they came from different social classes. Tara (Sarita Choudhury) is an upper-caste princess while Maya (Indira Varma) is her beautiful servant. The two girls are best friends, but an undercurrent of jealousy and resentment is caused by Tara's haughtiness, symbolized by the fact that Maya is given Tara's hand-me-down clothes and never anything new to wear. As the girls approach marriageable age, Tara resents that Maya is a better classical dancer than she is, and that her parents and hunchback brother, Prince Bikram (aka "Viki") show affection for her servant. Tara is prepared to marry Prince Raj Singh (Naveen Andrews), and Maya is forced into the role of the inferior servant at their wedding festival. When the prince comes to view his future wife, he is instantly infatuated with Maya instead. Noticing this, Tara spits in Maya's face, sending her from the wedding in tears. Maya decides to take revenge when she chances on Raj sleeping alone, before he has completed the marriage rites with Tara. Maya has her first sexual experience with Raj, but unknown to both, Tara's brother, Prince "Viki", hides and watches the two of them together. Viki is crushed that his childhood infatuation has slept with his future brother-in-law, but at first keeps the knowledge to himself, and the wedding rites are completed the next day. As Tara is leaving home as a newly-wedded bride to Raj, Maya tells her that just as Maya wore the princess's used clothes all her life, Tara will now have something Maya has used. During her wedding night, Tara, a sheltered virgin full of romantic dreams, is hesitant to consummate their relationship. This angers and sexually frustrates Raj, who rapes his horrified bride, setting a tone of violence and humiliation for the marriage. Despite this, Tara still yearns for a loving relationship with her indifferent husband. To save Maya's honor, Viki sends a marriage proposal for her. When she refuses, he publicly brands her as a whore, and she is forced to leave her home. Wandering on her own, she meets a young stone sculptor, Jai Kumar (Ramon Tikaram) who works for Raj. He reveals that Maya has been the inspiration for his beautiful and highly erotic statues. Realizing she has nowhere to stay, Jai takes her to an older woman named Rasa Devi (Rekha), who is a teacher of the Kama Sutra, the ancient art of seduction and love making. Maya begins an intense romantic and sexual relationship with Jai that is abruptly halted when he fears he might not be able to work properly with Maya consuming his thoughts. Rejected by her first real lover, Maya finds comfort with Rasa Devi, making the decision to learn the courtesan's art. Raj, now the king, recognizes the visage as Maya's in one of Jai's sculptures. He dispatches his attendants to find Maya and she is delivered to the King as his new concubine. Soon after, Raj and Jai have a "friendly" wrestling competition, in which Jai wins. Jai gets the King's favor, but is also warned that there will be dire consequences if he should ever defeat the King again. Jai then learns of Maya's new status as the favored concubine. Jai understands that his king is a dangerous man and he must keep his former relationship with Maya a secret, for their mutual safety. In the meantime, the threat of an invading Shah inches closer. As Raj descends deeper into opium addition, sexual cruelty and debauchery, he becomes irresponsible with his duties as King. He insults Viki sexually and for being a hunchback. In retaliation, Viki writes a letter to the Shah to rid the kingdom of Raj, who now taxes the poor for his own perverted pleasure. Jai and Maya rekindle their passion and the two begin meeting in secret. As tensions between Jai and Raj grow, Maya and Jai exchange wedding vows in private. Raj later catches the two lovers together, and sentences Jai to death. After finding Tara in the midst of a suicide attempt, Maya reconciles with her childhood friend. Maya then teaches Tara how to seduce the King, while Tara promises to help Maya escape to visit Jai. However, when Tara goes to her husband, he recognizes Maya's style of seduction and again tries to humiliate his wife. Finally free of her tormentor, Tara tells Raj that she doesn't even love him enough to hate him, and leaves. Maya leaves the castle and visits Jai one last time. Telling Jai she is his forever, Maya hacks off her long hair, symbolizing that she will be his widow. Maya then tries her best to convince Raj to free Jai by promising him her total surrender. But knowing he can't have her heart, Raj rejects her plea. Just before the execution, a box arrives from the Shah, holding the severed head of the grand vizier Raj's brother. Jai is killed, while Maya watches from the crowd. But after discovering his brother's head, Raj is a broken half shell of what he was. He is no more than a helpless child as he expects the army coming and tries to cling to Tara for comfort. Maya leaves, just as the Shah's army arrives. Viki, riding with the army, sees Maya and calls to her, but she doesn't respond. She walks away alone, with new wisdom and strength, a heart 'as open as the sky'.
tt0325710
Action,Drama,War
In the summer of 1876, Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), is a disenchanted ex-United States Army captain and an alcoholic. He has been traumatized by his experience fighting in the Civil War and the Indian Wars. In the years following his army service, Algren makes his living by telling war stories to gun show audiences in San Francisco, an experience which further hampers his mental state and stimulates him to drink. Fed up with Algren's perpetual drunkenness, his employer fires him. Algren reluctantly accepts an invitation from his former commanding officer Colonel Bagley (Tony Goldwyn), whom Algren deeply hates and blames for his waking nightmares about his role in Indian massacres. On behalf of a Japanese businessman, Mr. Omura (Masato Harada), Bagley offers him a job helping the new Meiji Restoration government train its new Western-style Imperial Japanese Army. Japan is in the middle of drastic civil change and the new Western-style additions to society have not gone unopposed. The samurai are conducting an insurrection against the modernization campaign, which has motivated Omura to seek Bagley's assistance. Under the command of Bagley, Algren and his companions travel to Japan. They are assisted by Algren's former army colleague Sergeant Zebulon Gant (Billy Connolly) and Simon Graham (Timothy Spall), a British translator with a deep interest in the samurai. The newly-formed Japanese Army is formed of poorly-trained and equipped conscripts, peasants who completely lack combat experience. Algren does his best to remedy this, but before the men are trained to his satisfaction, the leader of the insurrection, Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), attacks a railroad outside his province. Bagley orders Algren to lead the inexperienced conscripts to engage Katsumoto. Algren protests and offers a demonstration of the army's inexperience and inadequate training. Bagley dismisses Algren's concerns and orders a regiment to track down and engage Katsumoto. When the regiment arrives at the battlefield, Bagley moves to the rear and orders Algren to do the same, since the Americans are technically non-combatants. Algren refuses and takes personal command of the regiment. Algren then orders Sergeant Gant to report to the rear as well, but Gant refuses out of personal loyalty to Algren. During the battle, despite Algren's best efforts to command and encourage them, the conscripted peasants panic. Samurai swarm the wholly unprepared army and the soldiers flee in disarray. Algren and Gant stand their ground and manage to kill several samurai, but Gant is killed by a red-masked samurai named Hirotaro and Algren is thrown from his horse. On foot, he desperately fends off several samurai with a broken spear embroidered with a flag depicting a white tiger. The flag on the spear reminds Katsumoto of a vision he had during meditation. Hirotaro, Katsumoto's brother-in-law, prepares to kill the wounded Algren, but Algren seizes a spear from the ground and stabs Hirotaro through the throat, killing him. Believing what he has witnessed to be an omen, Katsumoto stops his warriors finishing off Algren and takes him prisoner. His forces take Algren to their isolated village, where Algren gradually recovers in a house belonging to Hirotaro's family, including his widow Taka, her two sons, Higen and Magojiro, and Katsumoto's son, Nobutada (Shin Koyamada). Over time, Algren overcomes both his alcoholism and the nightmares of his traumatic past, and begins to assimilate to village life, although he does not adopt many Japanese customs. Eventually, he meets Katsumoto, who takes an interest in Algren and begins conversing regularly with him, each gaining a healthy respect for the other. Algren confides in his journal that he has never felt entirely at peace until he came to live among Katsumoto and his people. Despite lingering fidelity to her dead husband Hirotaro, Taka develops romantic feelings for Algren, particularly when she notices his fatherly relationship with her children. Algren studies swordsmanship under skilled swordmaster Ujio (Hiroyuki Sanada), gradually gaining skill and the rising respect of the village samurai, and becomes fluent in Japanese as he converses with the local residents, earning their admiration. One evening, during an open-air torchlight performance (Takigi Noh), Katsumoto parodies the comic role of a kygen actor. The villagers' carefree respite is interrupted by an attack by ninja assassins. Algren raises the alarm and then takes up a sword to help defend Taka, her children, and Katsumoto. He fights skilfully, killing a number of attackers, earning Katsumoto's respect. The samurai defeat the ninjas but with many losses. Though Katsumoto does not confirm it, Algren deduces that the attack was ordered by Omura. In spring, Algren joins Katsumoto in a trip to Tokyo that has been approved by the Emperor. Algren learns that the army under Bagley's command is now better organized and outfitted with howitzers and Gatling guns from the United States. Omura offers Algren a new contract to assume command of the army and crush the samurai rebellion, but Algren politely declines by agreeing. In private, Omura orders his men to kill Algren if he attempts to warn Katsumoto of their intentions. Katsumoto offers his counsel to the young Emperor, to whom he was once a teacher. He learns that the Emperor's hold upon the throne is much weaker than he thought, and that he is essentially a puppet of Omura. When Katsumoto refuses to observe a new law that forbids samurai to carry their sword in public, Omura orders him arrested and confined to his home in Tokyo. Anticipating an assassination attempt on Katsumoto, Algren attempts to warn him. On the street headed for Katsumoto's quarters, he is ambushed by several of Omura's men. Unarmed, Algren kills all of his attackers, narrowly escaping death by using the skills he learned while living among Katsumoto's people. With the assistance of Ujio, Nobutada, Nakao, the Silent Samurai, and Graham, Algren frees Katsumoto from custody. During their flight, Nobutada is mortally wounded and stays behind to aid his father's escape; Algren watches a mortally wounded Nobutada charge their foes, only to be cut down by gun fire. Katsumoto is still mourning the loss of his son when he receives word that two battalions totaling about 2000 Imperial Army soldiers, commanded by Omura and Bagley, are marching out to engage the samurai. A counter-force of samurai, numbering only 500, is rallied. Algren tells Katsumoto about the Battle of Thermopylae in which a small force of 300 Greeks held an opposing force of one million Persians to a standstill for three days by using the terrain and the enemy's overconfidence to their advantage. Algren suggests using a similar tactic in the current situation to reduce the effectiveness of the enemy's artillery. On the eve of battle, Katsumoto presents Algren with a katana. Taka also gives him her dead husband Hirotaro's armor and they kiss as Algren leaves. When the Imperial Army confronts the samurai's rebel forces, the samurai fall back to higher ground, preventing the Imperial soldiers from using their superior firepower. As expected, Omura immediately orders the infantry to advance. Bagley expresses misgivings and advises sending in scouting groups first to assess the area, but Omura overrules him and insists on a full attack, and the infantry marches straight into a trap. They set fires that cut the enemy's immediate fighting strength in half and the samurai then unleash volleys of arrows on the infantrymen. A wave of samurai swordsmen, Katsumoto and Algren among them, attack the disorganized body of soldiers before they can recover from the arrow attack. A second wave of Imperial infantry follows behind, only to be countered by samurai cavalry, and a savage mêlée ensues that leaves many dead on both sides before the remaining Imperial soldiers finally retreat. Realizing that fresh Imperial forces are coming and that defeat is inevitable when they arrive, the surviving samurai resolve to make a final, fate-charged mounted assault. During the battle, Bagley shoots Katsumoto in the shoulder, but before he can finish off the samurai, Algren hurls his sword at Bagley, killing him by spearing him through the chest. On approaching the Imperial rear line and progressing far enough to scare Omura, the samurai are finally cut down by Gatling gun fire. Moved by the sight of the dying samurai, who charged fearlessly despite the Imperial soldiers' superior firepower, the captain of the Imperial troops (who was originally trained by Algren) orders the Gatling guns to cease fire, against Omura's wishes. Katsumoto, observing Bushido, asks Algren to assist him in performing seppuku; Algren obeys, ending Katsumoto's life. Led by their captain, the Imperial soldiers show their still-lingering respect for the old order by kneeling and bowing before the fallen samurai. Later, as the American ambassador prepares to receive the Emperor's signature on a treaty that would give the U.S. exclusive rights to sell firearms to the Japanese government, a wounded Algren offers the Emperor Katsumoto's sword as a gift and remembrance of his former teacher's honor. The Emperor receives the sword and realizes that, while Japan must modernize, it also must never forget its own history, cultural identity, and traditions. The Emperor then tells the American ambassador that his treaty is not in the best interests of Japan. When Omura objects, the Emperor realizes that Omura is not acting in the best interests of the people, and he confiscates his estates and fortunes. When Omura tries to protest, the Emperor then offers him Katsumoto's sword, retorting that if the dishonor is too great to bear, he should commit seppuku. The cowardly but respectful Omura merely lowers his head and backs away. In a voice over, Simon Graham reveals that Algren was never heard from again, but he surmises that Algren likely returned to the samurai village and to Taka. Graham philosophically concludes that Algren has "found some small measure of peace that we all seek, and few of us ever find".
tt0343737
Drama,History,Thriller
Ever since his father's suicide, Edward Wilson wants to do good for the world. But he has a habit of making one bad decision after another, which makes his life an unhappy one. In the Second World War he becomes a member of the OSS, an Intelligence Service operating in London. When the Cold War begins the USA transforms the OSS into the CIA, to which Edward Wilson gives his services. But slowly he gets stuck in this web, costing him the love of his life, giving him a very unhappy marriage, and making him even responsible for the unhappy fate of his own son's life, all of which will accumulate during the days of the Bay of Pigs Incident. Detailed Synopsis: Washington D.C., April 16, 1961. Edward Wilson (Matt Damon) listens to President Kennedy discuss Fidel Castro and heads to work. A boy asks for change of a dollar on the bus, and the dollar is a code for a spy contact. Edwards obtains permission from his boss Philip Allen (William Hurt) to go to the CIA's Caribbean operations center to make contact. The contact is blown, and Wilson's assistance Ray (John Turturro) advises him there's a traitor. Returning home, Wilson finds an envelope with a videotape of a woman in bed with an unknown man, wanting secrets. The next day, Sam Murach (Alex Baldwin) warns Edward that the top mole suspect is Edward, and leaves him a message at a local cleaners; the FBI is investigating Philip Allen. A flashback to Yale in 1939 shows Edward's membership in Skull & Bones, a secret society. During initiation, Edwards reveals that his father's last words to him were to "never lie." He tells them that he stole his father's suicide note, but never read it. His brothers in Skull & Bones realize he is a good secret-keeper. He is soon contacted by Sam Murach, who asks him to spy on his English professor, Dr. Fredericks (Michael Gambon). He does so, and his professor is forced to resign. Edward also meets Laura (Tammy Blanchard), a deaf student, and falls in love with her. Their relationship is brief, however, as Edward meets 'Clover' Russell (Angelina Jolie), the sister of of Bonesman brother John Russell (Gabriel Macht), and the daughter of a senator. She seduces Edward, and he impregnates her. He also meets General Bill Sullivan (Robert De Niro), who asks him to be a member of the foreign intelligence. Later, after Edward marries Clover, Sullivan sends a request for him to join the intelligence service. In 1961 again, he is approached by Richard Hayes (Lee Pace), who asserts that Edward is a suspect, but Edward refuses to speak to him. Analysis of the videotape he received is underway, focusing on an object on the nightstand. It is stated that the video tape has been deliberately altered to mask some details. Another flashback to 1941 has Edward meeting Philip Allen in London and beginning his intelligence career. He realizes Dr. Fredericks is an intelligence officer, and his assignment at Yale was compromised from Edward's spying. Ray is assigned to him, and they begin setting up networks. He also meets Arch Cummings (Billy Crudip), who advises him that Dr. Fredericks may be the leak. Fredericks knows that Edward is investigating him, and warns Edward to get out while he can. Fredericks is killed. Clover has a baby boy, but Edward is in London and misses the birth. Four years later, in Berlin, Edward meets with Allen again. His new focus is to extract Russian scientists who could potentially build a nuclear bomb. During negotiations for prisoner exchange, he meets Stas Siyanko (Oleg Shtefanko), his counterpart, code-named Ulysses. Ulysses praises Edward for his stoicism, and says Edward's code name is "Mother." While in Berlin, Edward has an affair with Hanna Schiller (Martina Gedeck), and he thinks Clover is having one too. Schiller is later assassinated by Ulysses. When he returns home, his meeting with Clover is awkward and she tells him she now goes by Margaret. Edward gives his son a small ship encased in glass made to look like a pocket watch. Edward and Clover confess their affairs to each other. General Sullivan reappears and offers Edward a job in domestic intelligence. Edward's new post is to disrupt a Mayan dictator. He warns his agent not to travel with his class ring. The agent's finger is sent to him in a sealed coffee container. His home life worsens, and Margaret doesn't understand or trust him, and complains he works too many long days. Several years later, Russian contact Valentin Mironov (John Sessions) provides Edward with information about Ulysses. At a Russian play, Edward meets Laura again, and realizes his personal life has been unfulfilled. They make love, and pictures of his infidelity are sent to Margaret. She leaves, but returns. Edward and his son begin to build their relationship, and he teaches his son how to build a ship in a bottle. Some time later, another Valentin Mironov (Mark Ivanir) asks for asylum. Ray tries to get his real name, including using LSD, which was in its experimentation phase, to extract the truth. This Mironov continues to insist he is the real Mironov and leaps out the window, committing suicide. The first Miranov reasserts his identity but later Edward realizes Miranov was lying when he finds his real passport hidden in a copy of "Ulysses." Edward's son, Edward Jr. (Eddie Redmayne) grows up and tells his father he wants to join the CIA. Edward and Margaret fight about it, and he tells her he doesn't love her; he married her because she was pregnant. Edward Jr. has become a Bonesman, and Edward Sr. asks Margaret to dance, calling her Clover and reliving their first encounter, but she announces that she's leaving him. As Castro gains power, Edward meets with Joseph Palmi (Joe Pesci) in an effort to ease tensions in Cuba. Later, Edward Jr. overhears his father telling Allen about the plans to invade the Bay of Pigs with 1500 troops, and to "keep the noise level down." Final analysis of the videotape reveals three possible locations. This sends Edward to the Congo as he is able to guess the correct location. He finds the room where the video was made, and sees that the object on the nightstand is the gift he gave to his son, now mounted in a glass case. Ulysses arrives and plays the original tape, with Edward Jr. describing what he overhead about Cuba. Ulysses, now revealed as the architect of the tape and the plot to turn Edward, promises to watch out for Edward Jr., as long as Edward Sr. agrees to help Russia when asked. Edward leaves without responding as Ulysses gives him some time. In the next meeting Edward refuses to commit treason for his son and makes the point that Ulysses has no hold over him now that the Cuba affair is over and the U.S.A. has lost. Ulysses realizes the information still has some value and agrees to keep the secret but says he will ask for a favor later. He states that the girl is not trustworthy to either side and asks Edward if he wants her to become part of his family. Edward doesn't answer, and Ulysses nods. As Edward and Clover reunite for Edward Jr.'s wedding, the girl Miriam (Liya Kebede) is thrown from an airplane in the Congo, and never makes it to the church. Philip Allen resigns as the head of CIA, and John Russell (Jr) tells Edward he wants him to be the new head. Later, Edward opens his private safe and reads his father's suicide note and burns it.
tt0433383
Biography,Drama,History
The movie begins on Oct. 25, 1958, at a fancy dinner tribute to Edward R. Murrow (David Strathairn). Its the usual gala affair, everyone is dressed up and looking expensive. Ed Murrow is introduced as a hero who fought against McCarthyism. Ed comes out and proceeds to make a speech about how journalism has become occupied with presenting only good news and how journalists have succumb to escapism, losing touch with the real world. This attack makes the audience uncomfortable and Fred Friendly (George Clooney) looks like hes having a good time. Flashback to 1953. Joe Wershba (Robert Downey Jr.) and Shirley Wershba (Patricia Clarkson) are alone in the copy room; someone walks in and jokingly asks what people might think. Joe takes Shirley aside and tells her about a loyalty (to McCarthy or the government) oath she must sign, or he may get fired. After some thought, she agrees and they kiss. The newsmen are in a conference room, trying to decide news pieces for the next show. People mention some McCarthy related topics, but are immediately shot down given the controversy involved. Someone brings up the topic of an air force officer in Chicago, who was dismissed from the air force because his father was deemed to be a communist or have communist ties. At his trial, all charges and evidence were in a sealed envelope, which no one saw. The Air Force Officers rights to a fair trial were clearly violated, as he didnt even know the charges against him and was found guilty anyway. The newsmen are reluctant to pursue this, afraid of a backlash from McCarthy. They agree to send two people to Chicago to get some footage and decide from there. Later, the crew is watching footage of the Air Force Officer saying that he would not want his kids to be persecuted for the affiliations of their parents and have to denounce their own father. Ed, Fred, and a third man, are in a room, trying to decide whether to run the piece. Ed is completely for it, while the third man is opposed, mentioning their sponsorship from Alcoa, who is dependant on government contracts. Fred seems to be ambivalent, but trusting Ed. They decide to run it as a piece against the infringement of civil liberties and not mention McCarthy. Fred is met in his office by two Colonels, who proceed to berate him about jeopardizing national security, interfering with government business, etc. Fred asks the Colonels if they know the contents of the sealed envelope and they clearly dont. The story runs; Ed comments on the sealed envelope, and closes with his signature Good night and good luck. We see a bit of the show that runs after Eds, its Don Hollenbeck (Ray Wise) praising Eds courage and reporting. There is a tense moment as everyone waits for the phones to ring and none do. Someone in the back asks if he should turn the phones back on and the tension is eased. The phones start ringing off the hook. Later, the crew, along with Don, is having drinks at a bar and decides to get the early edition newspaper reviews of the show. The first one comes out very good, the second one not. Some people look relaxed, some angry, but Don looks very uneasy. William (Bill) Paley (Frank Langella), boss at CBS, summons Fred to his office and chews him out for the piece, mentioning their sponsorship from Alcoa. However, Bill doesnt actually ask Fred to stop reporting on McCarty issues; he seems to both enjoy yelling at Fred and also trust Freds judgment. Joe and Shirley are getting ready for work, before Joe leaves, Shirley reminds him to take off his wedding ring. It turns out that they are secretly married, which is against company policy. Later, Joe is approached by someone from the government, who warns Joe about running future McCarthy pieces, saying, "What if I told you that Ed Murrow was on the Soviet payroll in 1932?" The crew decides to run a direct attack on McCarthy. McCarthy is holding a senate hearing on a woman who supposedly works in the Pentagon Code Room and is a Communist spy. Although the hearing isnt a real trial, they get the woman fired from her job. The woman in the hearing doesnt actually work in the Code Room and denies any Communist ties. Apparently, an FBI agent saw her name on a Communist mailing list and that is all the evidence they are going on. The news crew point out several things wrong with the hearing: the woman has the same name as three others in the phone book and McCarthy himself leaves the hearing after a few questions. All of these facts are brought to light in Eds show, and Ed volunteers to give McCarthy a chance to defend himself on the show. McCarthy takes up the offer and basically uses the show to make a series of accusations about Eds ties to Communism: a writer with communist ties had dedicated a book to Ed, Ed was on the Soviet payroll in 1932 for some foreign exchange program, and Ed is a card carrying member of the International Industrial Workers association, which is known to be communist. Ed uses the next show to rebut: he was a friend of the author despite their different beliefs, he doesnt deny the second charge, and the third charge is untrue. Ed also says that since McCarthy didn't refute any facts Ed reported about him, the world can assume they are true. The newsmen are sitting around and find out that the Air Force Officer from the first story was reinstated back to the army. At the same time, they also learn that Don Hollenbeck has committed suicide, apparently the pressure was too much for him. In other news, the Senate declares an investigation on McCarthy. Joe and Shirley are called into the editors office and are told about an upcoming layoff. The editor mentions that it is against company policy for two employees to be married and everyone knows they are married. In a happy moment, the two put their rings back on and Joe decides to quit. Bill Paley calls Fred and Ed into his office tells them that CBS lost the Alcoa sponsorship and will have to lay a lot of people off. Ed yells at Bill for his trying to censor them, but Bill responses that he showed his reservations, but had never stopped them from running a piece. Bill tells Ed that his show will be cut from 1 hour to 30 minutes, moved to Sunday afternoon, and Ed will only do five more shows. Ed and Fred walk to the elevator and say that they might as well go out with a bang in their last five shows. Fred mentions that Joe and Shirley were married and Ed seems to be the only one who didnt know. Cut back to Oct. 25, 1958. Ed finishes his speech saying that journalists are the ones with the responsibility to keep the public informed of the real world, regardless of its unpleasantness. Good night and good luck.
tt0332452
Drama,History
The story takes place in the fertile, eastern lands bordered by the Mediterranean Sea and kept by the gods. Within the cradle of ancient civilization empires are built, wars fought, alliances forged, and heroes born. Agamemnon (Brian Cox), king of Mycenae, has united most of Greece's kingdoms under his rule and now advances his army upon the nation of Thessaly, hoping to include it in his collection of ever-growing conquests. King Triopas (Julian Glover) bargains with Agamemnon to each let one of their best fighters decide who wins the battle rather than engaging in open war. Triopas calls upon the giant Boagrius (Nathan Jones) while Agamemnon calls to Achilles, but the legendary warrior is nowhere to be found. A messenger boy (Jacob Smith) is sent to fetch him and Agamemnon curses the stubborn nature of the fiercest warrior Greece has ever seen. A half-god and blessed with incomparable strength and skill, Achilles lives to fight but he refuses to associate with Agamemnon, preferring instead to seek his own destiny and be immortalized in history. Achilles easily defeats Boagrius, sealing Agamemnon's control over the nation, and calls out if there is anyone else worthy enough to fight him. Triopas offers the Scepter of Thessaly to Achilles to pass on to Agamemnon. Achilles refuses the request and stalks off. Meanwhile, Prince Hector (Eric Bana) and Paris (Orlando Bloom) of Troy feast in the banquet hall of King Menelaus of Sparta (Brendan Gleeson) as honored guests and peace ambassadors to their home nation. However, young Paris sneaks away to be with Menelaus' beautiful wife, Helen (Diane Kruger), whom he loves dearly. He convinces her to come back with him to Troy, stowing her away on his brother's ship. When Hector finds out he is clearly angry but it is too late to return to Sparta with Helen and seek pardon. Finding Helen gone, Menelaus vows revenge on Troy and seeks the approval of his brother, Agamemnon, who is only too happy to oblige, though Agamemnon's decision comes mostly from his desire to sack Troy the seemingly undefeatable city. Odysseus (Sean Bean), king of Ithaca and under command of Agamemnon, goes to convince Achilles to accompany them in the conquest of Troy. He finds him sparring with his young cousin, Patroclus (Garrett Hedlund), who is more than eager to join in the fighting. Achilles refuses to go, despite Odysseus' assurance that this war will go down into history. Achilles later seeks advice from his mother, the sea nymph Thetis (Julie Christie), who is gathering shells to make a new necklace for him. She tells him that if he chooses to stay home he will find a wife, raise a family, and die old and loved. If he goes to Troy, he will find his eternal glory and history will remember his name for thousands of years. However, should he go to Troy, he is doomed to die and will never return. Meanwhile, Hector and Paris return to Troy with Helen, greeted warmly by their fellow Trojans. The city is guarded by a high, thick wall that has remained impenetrable since its founding. They meet their father, King Priam (Peter O'Toole), who welcomes Helen and praises her beauty. Hector is reunited with his wife, Andromache (Saffron Burrows), and his infant son. Achilles decides to join Agamemnon's campaign against Troy but brings his own warriors, the fierce and infamous Myrmidons, led by Eudorus (Vincent Regan). Patroclus accompanies them as well. The Myrmidons prove to be faster rowers than the Greeks and arrive on the shores of Troy before anyone else. Achilles gives an impassioned speech to his men, telling them that they will be immortalized in the campaign. Concerned for this cousin's safety and inexperience, Achilles tells Patroclus to stay and watch the ship. The Myrmidons take the beach with ease and sack the Temple of Apollo where priestess and cousin of Hector and Paris, Briseis (Rose Byrne), is taken captive. In a defiant move, and despite a warning from Eudorus not to offend the gods, Achilles decapitates the statue of Apollo. Prince Hector leads an offensive to keep the Greeks at bay and runs into the temple where Achilles confronts him but refuses to fight him. Achilles explains that their fight would be suited best in front of an audience and he allows Hector to leave. Briseis is brought to Achilles' hut as his prize. She berates him for killing priests of Apollo before he is summoned to see Agamemnon who is preparing to celebrate the victory. There, tensions rise as Achilles and the king argue over claims to the victory. Agamemnon goes further by bringing in Briseis, claiming her as his own spoil of war, enraging Achilles. He threatens to fight for her but she angrily interjects, saying that no one else will die for her. Achilles stays his blade, to the surprise of Agamemnon. Achilles vows that Agamemnon will one day fall under his sword. That night, Priam seeks the advice of his advisors and elders with his sons in attendance, discussing how best to defend against the Greeks. Paris offers an alternative to bloodshed; he will fight Menelaus for Helen's hand. The winner will take her home and the loser will burn before nightfall. Later, Priam speaks with Paris in a courtyard and admits that, in all the wars hes fought for power or land, a war fought for love makes more sense. He gives Paris the Sword of Troy, forged at its founding and containing the history of their nation. He explains that as long as a Trojan wields it there is hope for their people. Hector goes to see his wife and son. She fears for his life and can't imagine living on without him. He comforts her before getting up to see his brother. In the halls, he sees a cloaked figure and gives pursuit to find that it's Helen trying to leave the city. She is remorseful for being the sole reason so many Trojan men died that day but Hector tells her that returning to Menelaus will not end the war and that she is a princess of Troy now. Helen returns to Paris. The next day, Agamemnon's army marches for Troy while Achilles, still seething over his loss of Briseis, watches from a nearby hill with his men. Hector and Paris ride out to meet Agamemnon and Menelaus before battle. Agamemnon demands that the Trojans return Helen to his brother and submit to his rule. Hector bravely rebuffs but Paris offers to fight Menelaus one-on-one, hoping that will settle the dispute. While Agamemnon could care less about returning Helen to his brother, he allows Menelaus the opportunity to issue revenge. The two begin their fight and Menelaus is clearly stronger. Paris, fighting under his brother's advice of waiting until Menelaus tires, is wounded and disarmed but, before Menelaus can deliver a death blow, ducks away and crawls back to his brother. Stunned at his cowardice, Menelaus demands the fight to continue but Hector defends his brother and drives his sword through Menelaus, killing him. Enraged, Agamemnon charges forward with his army. Watching from his hilltop, Achilles curses under his breath at Agamemnon's inability to keep his ranks in formation. Hector proves to be the more able warrior and overpowers the Greeks with his tactics. One of the strongest Greek warriors, Ajax (Tyler Mane) is felled by Hector. Odysseus advises Agamemnon to fall back before he loses his entire army and the Greeks retreat to the beach where their archers provide defense. With Menelaus dead, the primary reason for the assault on Troy is gone and Agamemnon struggles to think of a way to rally the troops to his cause. Odysseus suggests that Agamemnon put his reservations aside and enlist Achilles to fight again. Outside, Briseis is tossed around between Greek soldiers, having been given to them by Agamemnon. Before she can be cruelly branded, Achilles steps in and takes her back to his hut. He gives her a wet cloth to clean with and some food. When she questions why he fights and defies the gods, he shows her a more reflective side to his nature and explains that the gods are jealous of men for their short, mortal lives. As such, everything is more beautiful. Priam consults with his advisors again while Paris laments over his cowardice. Helen assures him that, though Menelaus was a strong warrior, she hated her life with him. She'd rather have someone to love and grow old with than to see him die on the battlefield. Hector advises his father that the Greeks underestimated Trojan strength and that they should not do the same. However, General Glaucus (James Cosmo) wants to strike preemptively. High Priest Archeptolemus (Nigel Terry) claims Troy is favored by the gods, citing bird omens. Despite Hector's warnings to keep behind their walls, Priam favors his advisors and issues an attack before daybreak. As Achilles sleeps that night, Briseis takes a dagger and holds it to his throat. Without opening his eyes, he encourages her to kill him but she hesitates. They realize their feelings for each other and make love. Achilles decides that he's had enough of war and offers to take Briseis away from Troy. Afterwards, he speaks with Eudorus and tells him that they will go home. Patroclus is devastated, having hoped to take part in battle. Achilles returns to his hut. Just as dawn approaches, the Trojan army, led by Hector, set up on the dunes and sent hundreds of lit arrows into the sand. The Greeks awake in time to see large balls of hay being rolled down the hill towards camp, ignited in huge fireballs by the torched arrows. Banging their shields to intimidate their enemy, the Trojans advance towards the Greek camp. Suddenly, Achilles appears in his armor and rallies the troops to fight. Achilles fights his way towards Hector and the two engage in combat. Greeks and Trojans alike surround them, edging them on, until Hector slits Achilles' throat with a swift slash of his sword. Achilles falls, gasping for breath, while the Myrmidons look on in horror. But when Hector removes his helmet, he discovers that the man he wounded is not Achilles but Patroclus. Hector, repentant but resolute, drives his sword into the boy's chest to finish him. He addresses Odysseus and tells him they've fought enough that day. Before leaving, Odysseus tells Hector that Patroclus was Achilles' cousin. The Myrmidons return to camp as Achilles emerges from his tent. Seeing them battle-worn, he asks why they disobeyed him. Eudorus laments that Patroclus disguised himself in Achilles' armor, even moved like him, and fell under Hector. Achilles is outraged and attacks Eudorus. Briseis tries to stop him but he throws her to the ground. Hector returns to his wife. He admits that he killed a boy who was much too young and feels that his actions will have severe repercussions. He shows his wife a hidden passage under Troy that she can take civilians through to get to the mountains should he die and the walls be breached. Though she is upset to have to consider the plan, she heeds his advice. Achilles puts his cousin on a funeral pyre and sets it alight. Agamemnon watches and says, "That boy may have just saved the war for us," knowing that the rage of Achilles will not wane until he's had revenge. Meanwhile, Helen watches as Paris practices his archery in preparation for battle, hitting his target with increasing accuracy. The following morning, Achilles sets off to enact vengeance upon Hector. Briseis begs him not to go, but he ignores her. He takes his chariot to the gates of Troy and calls for Hector who dresses in his armor and says goodbye to his wife. He meets Achilles outside alone. Achilles throws down his helmet so that Hector can see his face. Though Hector tries to reason, Achilles is bent on bloodlust. As they begin to fight, Priam and Paris watch while Helen comforts Andromache who can't bring herself to look. The two fight furiously, breaking each other's spears. Hector trips on an embedded stone and is ordered by his opponent to stand and resume the fight. Achilles overpowers Hector by driving his spear into his chest before finishing him with his sword. He then ties Hector's legs together behind his chariot and drags him away, back to the beach. When he returns to his hut, Briseis cries out and asks when the killing will stop before leaving. That night, Achilles is visited by a stranger in a cloak. The stranger kisses Achilles' hand before revealing himself as none other than King Priam. Having stealthily entered the Greek camp unnoticed, Priam begs for the return of his son's body to be given a proper burial. He tells Achilles that, while Hector killed his cousin, he did not know who it was and he asks Achilles how many cousins and brothers he's killed in his time. Despite being enemies, he asks for respect. Achilles relents. He weeps over Hector's body, promising to meet him in the next life, before giving him to Priam. When Briseis comes forward, Achilles allows her to go home and apologizes for hurting her. He gives Priam his word that the Greeks will not attack Troy for 12 days to allot for proper mourning. When Agamemnon hears of Achilles' secret treaty with Priam, he becomes incensed. But Odysseus, who notices the sculpture of a horse a fellow soldier has made for his son, proposes a plan, putting the 12 days of mourning to their advantage. After 12 days, the Trojans discover that the beach has been abandoned and various bodies lie in the sand. They appear to have been taken by disease and, where the heart of the camp once was, a large wooden horse has been erected. Priam is advised that the horse was left as a gift to the god Poseidon and is encouraged to bring it back to Troy. Paris, who is suspicious, urges his father to burn the horse, but Priam brings the horse into the city where its revered as a sign of the end of the war. A Trojan scout, hiking through the cliffs outside the city, comes upon a cove apart from the main beach and discovers the Greek armada hiding there. However, he is killed by arrow before he can warn the rest of Troy. Meanwhile, the whole city celebrates into the night. Once everything has quieted down, the horse opens and Achilles, Odysseus, and a small detachment of Greek soldiers emerge and slay several guards and open Troy's gates. The Greek army quickly pours into the city, pillaging and burning homes and killing any Trojan who stands in their way while a tearful Priam can only watch. Soldiers of Troy attempt to defend the royal palace, but fail. As Priam prays before the statue of Apollo and asks why he's been forsaken, Agamemnon comes up behind him and stabs him in the back. Achilles, meanwhile, searches the city for Briseis. Paris and Andromache lead surviving civilians down to the secret passage where Paris gives a young boy, Aeneas (Frankie Fitzgerald) (a progenitor of the Romans), the Sword of Troy, reciting what his father told him. He then returns with his bow and arrow to help fight. Briseis is praying before a statue of Apollo when she is grabbed from behind by Agamemnon. Achilles finds them and rushes to her rescue. Agamemnon tells Briseis his intent to take her back to Greece as his slave before she takes a concealed knife and fatally stabs him in the neck. His guards accost her but Achilles kills them. As he is helping her up, Paris arrives and shoots an arrow through Achilles' left heel. Standing up to face Paris, despite Briseis' cries, Achilles is shot again through the chest. He removes the arrow only to be shot several more times. He finally collapses and tells Briseis that she was his peace in a lifetime of war and urges her to escape. Briseis goes with Paris and they leave as the Greeks arrive at the palace to find Achilles dead, seemingly taken by a single shot to the heel (thus perpetuating the myth surrounding his death). Achilles' body is burned honorably on a funeral pyre within the ruins of Troy the following day as Odysseus watches and exalts, "If they ever tell my story, let them say I walked with giants. Men rise and fall like the winter wheat, but these names will never die. Let them say I lived in the time of Hector, tamer of horses. Let them say I lived in the time of Achilles."
tt0386032
Documentary,Drama
Writer/producer Michael Moore interviews Americans who have been denied treatment by our health care insurance companies -- companies who sacrifice essential health services in order to maximize profits. The consequences for the individual subscribers range from bankruptcy to the unnecessary deaths of loved ones. Moore then looks at universal free health care systems in Canada, France, Britain, and Cuba, debunking all the fears (lower quality of care, poorer compensation for doctors, big-government bureaucracy) that have been used to dissuade Americans from establishing such a system here. The roots of those health care systems are explored, and our failure to establish free health here care is traced to a) President Richard Nixon's deceptive support of the then-emerging HMOs pursuing huge profits and b) subsequent pressures for Congress to sacrifice sound health care in favor of corporate profit. A group of Americans who became ill from volunteering at 911 Ground Zero, but were refused health coverage for their illnesses, are ferried by Moore to Cuba, where they receive the top-rate, free care one would hope they'd get here at home. In his interviews, historical reportage, and typical sarcastic wit, Moore soundly condemns American health insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies, as well as the politicians who have been paid millions to do their bidding. He makes the case that there is something wrong with Americans that we cannot learn from the successes of other countries in providing better quality-of-health than we enjoy in the USA.
tt0217505
Crime,Drama
The film opens with Priest Vallon (Liam Neeson) shaving dry with an old, rusted straight razor. He deliberately slashes his cheek and then hands the blade to his son Amsterdam, who is about to wipe off the blood. Vallon tells him to leave it there, and his son puts away the blade in a black pouch with a sliver cross clasp. Vallon then says a prayer to St. Michael, puts a medallion over Amsterdam's head, making sure his son knows who St Michael is. Vallon grabs a steel cross, and marches out of his cave with Amsterdam. They walk past people making and finishing weapons, including a woman with clawed gloves named Hellcat Maggie. Vallon, his son, and the rest take communion as they continue exiting the caves. They finally reach the top level of an old brewery. They stop and Vallon asks a man named Monk if he will join them. Monk says he'll fight for pay. Vallon promises him ten dollars for every "new notch" on his club, so Monk agrees, picks up his wooden club, and kicks open the door, revealing a snow-covered intersection known as Paradise Square, the Five Points of Lower Manhattan. Vallon and his crew, the Dead Rabbits, leave the brewery and make their way onto the street. Amsterdam runs to join children on the steps of a nearby building, while the Dead Rabbits await the arrival of the Natives. A few moments later, men dressed in blue, The Natives, led by Bill the Butcher (Daniel Day-Lewis), a ruthless New Yorker with a glass eye, walk onto the street, clearly outnumbering the Rabbits. Bill says that the ensuing fight will decide who holds the rule of the Five Points; Bill's mob who are Protestant or Vallon's Catholics. Vallon recants that it's a free country, that he and his immigrant crowd have been harassed incessantly by Bill and his men. The Rabbits are then joined by several other gangs that have allied themselves with Vallon, greatly increasing their numbers. Moments later, they begin fighting. Monk is mashing people in the head, Maggie is biting a man's ear off, and people's legs are getting broken while others are being stabbed, slashed and bludgeoned. Bill and Vallon slowly make their way toward each other, but as Vallon draws near Bill directs one of his men to attack Vallon. The diversion works, Vallon kills the man, but is stabbed by Bill. Vallon tries to fight back, but is stabbed again in the side. Vallon falls to the ground, and a horn is blown. All of the men stop fighting and stand around the dying Vallon. Amsterdam pushes his way to his father's side. Bill makes a speech about how all the fighting is done and how he has slain Vallon. Vallon looks at his son, tells him to always stay focused and then asks Bill to finish him, which Bill obliges, leaving the knife on Vallon's chest. Bill says that Vallon may not be touched so that he may reach Heaven with honor. Monk tells him to wait, goes over to Vallon's body and presumably takes the money he's owed from his pocket, and then offers Amsterdam his condolences. As they haul Vallon away, Bill's men ask what they should do with the boy. He tells them to put him in a school so he can get a proper education. Amsterdam quickly grabs the knife from his father's chest, threatens Bill's men, and runs inside the brewery. As the men chase him, a boy, Amsterdam's friend Jimmy, hits one of them in the shin, knocking the man from his feet. Amsterdam runs down to his cave, opens a secret compartment in the ground, and places the medallion and dagger inside. Bill's men grab him. Outside, Priest's body is placed on a cart and wheeled reverently out of the square. As we zoom out of the area, we see that the battle took place in Lower Manhattan and the year is 1846. Sixteen years later, Amsterdam (Leonardo DiCaprio) is being given a blessing and a Bible by a priest. He is still in New York but in an orphanage, Hellgate, on a nearby island. As he leaves, he looks at an Asian man, walks over a bridge, and casually tosses the Bible in the river. Amsterdam narrates that during the Civil War, New York was a "city full of tribes", rival gangs competing for control of the Five Points and beyond. Bill the Butcher is walking through a hallway of Tammany Hall to the office of Boss Tweed (Jim Broadbent), who is running for some sort of political office. Tweed is discussing how they can get more voters and social and municipal services for the poor in the city. Then it cuts to Amsterdam walking on the docks as more Irish are disembarking a ship. The immigrants are harassed openly by Bill's men, particularly an old woman who is hit in the face by something one of Bill's men throws and is yelling for her to get back on the boat. Amsterdam passes them by and is greeted by a man who welcomes him (mistaking him for an immigrant), offers him bread, and reminds him to vote for Tweed and Tammany. Amsterdam is also asked to draft in the army, but refuses. Other Irish are offered money, three meals a day, and luxuries for their families if they join right away and ship out immediately. They agree, register, change, and board a boat. Amsterdam makes his way to his cave and opens the compartment. He takes out the dagger and the medallion. He is interrupted by Johnny Sirocco (Henry Thomas) and Jimmy Spoils (Larry Gilliard Jr.) as he says a prayer. They tell him to give them his possessions, and when he refuses, Jimmy tries to attack him, but Amsterdam knocks him over and almost breaks his nose. Johnny pulls out a knife, which Amsterdam turns against him. Johnny notices the medallion. Amsterdam leaves the cave and goes out to the street. Johnny follows him and asks if he's the priest's son. Amsterdam answers yes, and Johnny begins to update him on the Five Points. He tells him how Maggie tried to open a pub, but drank herself out of business; how Monk owns a barber shop; and how Bill celebrates Priest Vallon's death every year by drinking a glass of alcohol he's set fire to. Johnny is then bumped into by Jenny Everdeane (Cameron Diaz). He introduces her to Amsterdam. When she comments to them that they are terrible at conversation, Amsterdam recants that they are deep thinkers. She wishes them a good day and hopes the God shines on them and joins her friends. Johnny swears that Jenny likes him, but Amsterdam informs him that she stole his watch. Johnny searches his pockets, looks up, and tries to make it seem like it happens often. Later that night, a house is on fire. The sirens of Tweed's firemen can be heard closing in. A man covers a fire hydrant with a barrel and sits on it. Tweeds men come and he uses the incident to campaign on the street. Another group of firemen arrive, led by the Butcher, and the two groups start to fight. Johnny takes advantage, grabs Amsterdam, and enters the burning building in search of valuables. Amsterdam finds watches, while Johnny becomes mesmerized by a music box. A beam falls and traps him in. He calls for Amsterdam, who grabs more jewelry and heads out. He returns, jumps over the beam with a blanket, grabs Johnny, and helps him out of the house. Just as they are leaving, Bill's men come, the barrel is removed from the hydrant, and they begin to put out the fire. Johnny then takes Amsterdam to meet his friends Fuzzy, Jimmy, and some others. There they show everything they stole from the burning building until Happy Jack (John C. Reilly) arrives. He was one of the Dead Rabbits who's now a crooked police officer. He takes a few pieces in tribute to himself and leaves. The next day, Amsterdam and Johnny take the rest to a pub/brothel, where Bill plays cards. Johnny walks up to Bill to give him the money, but Amsterdam stays further back. He notices a drawing of his father on the wall. Bill asks Amsterdam what his name is. "Amsterdam", he replies. Bill then calls himself "New York", and tells Johnny how they can make more money. Later that night, Fuzzy, Jimmy, Amsterdam, and Johnny are rowing through the harbor until they reach a ship. When they board it, they find that it has already been robbed and the crew likely murdered. They continue to search for anything that might have been left until Amsterdam notices a man dressed in a Union uniform coming out with a rifle. He warns Jimmy and everyone else to hit the deck. A shot is fired, but only into the air because the man was dying. The man falls forward to reveal a knife in his back. Everyone is in the rowboat waiting when a body falls in it: it's the Union soldier, which Amsterdam had recovered. He trades the body for money. The headline in the newspaper reads something about a gang who sells bodies to science, calling them "ghouls". Bill applauds Amsterdam's quick thinking, but his right hand man, Mr. McGloin doesn't agree. They begin calling each other names and eventually begin fighting. Amsterdam is clearly winning when the fight is broken up. During the scuffle, the drawing of Priest Vallon falls to the ground. Bill picks it up, looks at it, and puts it back on the wall. He then takes Amsterdam and Johnny on a tour of the Five Points as Happy Jack is giving a rich family, the Schermerhorns, a tour. Monk also walks by greets Bill, and pushes up Amsterdam's hat to get a look at Amsterdam's face. Amsterdam comes across Jenny again and she bumps into him. He immediately begins checking his pockets, and realizes too late that she took his medallion. He follows her onto a street car. He sees her brilliantly steal a man's pocket watch, and then follows her to the home of a wealthy family where she poses as a maid and slyly robs them as well. When she's done, he yanks her aside and demands his medallion. She threatens him with a knife and cuts him on his neck slightly before he takes it from her. She then opens her blouse and shows him all the medallions she's got. He takes his, returns her dagger, and begins walking with her. Jenny and Johnny attend a public dance. Jenny is seated with her back to the men and is holding a mirror. She passes up three men, including Johnny, before choosing Amsterdam. They begin dancing, and later go to the docks where they are about to have sex. He wonders what she gave Bill in return for a locket she says is a gift from Mr Cutting. When he realizes, he gets up and leaves. Amsterdam then begins working for Bill. He is even shown by Bill how to hurt or kill people by stabbing them at specific points on a pig's carcass. Bill also makes Amsterdam, Fuzzy, Jimmy, and Johnny boxing bet collectors. When a boxing match is broken up by the police, Amsterdam finds a place outside the City where the police cannot break it up. Bill gives him all the glory, but his joy is interrupted when he sees Jenny leave with Johnny. At a theatre showing of Uncle Tom's Cabin, the audience begins booing the performance and throwing vegetables at the stage. An assassin uses the chaos to try to kill Bill. Amsterdam notices, warns Bill, and tackles the guy to the ground, but not before he gets a shot off that hits Bill in the shoulder. Amsterdam seizes the man's pistol and shoots him in the side. Bill then tortures the man, demanding to know who sent him, but the man dies before he can answer. Amsterdam then runs off and begins crying. Monk finds him, and tells him that his father died helping the Irish, not the Natives. Later that night, Bill, Amsterdam, Tweed, and others are drinking in the brothel. Jenny comes by and cleans Bill's wound then goes upstairs to her room. Amsterdam angrily follows her and grabs her. She tells him she'll bite him if he tries to kiss her. She lunges a few times, and they eventually kiss and sleep together. Johnny sees the two of them and runs off. Amsterdam awakes to find Bill watching him, sitting in a chair and draped in an tattered American flag. He asks Bill if it was okay that he and Jenny shacked up in his attic. Bill says he doesn't mind and begins begins talking about how Priest Vallon spared his life, and how Bill removed his own eye, the one that looked away in shame, and sent it to Vallon. He then describes the day he killed Vallon. Bill speaks of how he's gained his power in the Five Points through "the spectacle of fearsome acts" and how "civilization is crumbling." Amsterdam softly congratulates Bill on his victory. Bill then leaves. Amsterdam tells Jenny if she wants to know anything about him, she should ask. She explains how she was dejected as a prostitute, had an abortion and Bill took her in. She insists Bill never put his hands on her until she told him to. Later that night, Monk sees Amsterdam throwing a dagger into a wooden post behind Bill's hideout. It's as if Amsterdam were practicing for something. Johnny is then seen talking to Bill before a public performance. He tells Bill about Amsterdam being Vallon's son. Bill reacts violently, nearly killing Johnny, but he listens. Meanwhile, Amsterdam is seen walking into an Asian-themed restaurant. He tries to call Johnny as he walks to his table, but Johnny pays no mind. He sits, and Jenny comes to him. An announcer then comes and begs Bill to perform with his daggers in a piece called "The Butcher's Apprentice". He asks for Jenny to participate. She steps onto the stage and Bill begins throwing knives, his throws become increasingly dangerous until he is seriously scaring her -- one shot even cuts her neck. He then walks to his table, says some words about Vallon, and lifts up his drink of fire. Amsterdam then throws a dagger at Bill, who blocks the blow with a cleaver and counters with his own throw; his knife embeds itself in Amsterdam's midsection. Amsterdam is held down on a table as Bill announces that Amsterdam is the son of Priest Vallon and a coward for trying to kill him. Bill headbutts him several times. Bill then declares that Amsterdam will be branded and thrown into the street for everyone to gawk at. He uses a hot knife to burn Amsterdam's cheek while Jenny screams. Jenny then takes Amsterdam away to a cave where she nurses him back to health. She talks of them leaving and going to San Francisco. Monk visits them and gives Amsterdam Priest's straight razor. About three months later, after he's recovered, he hangs a dead rabbit in Paradise Square. The rabbit finds its way to Bill, who sends Happy Jack to kill Amsterdam, but Amsterdam kills Jack instead and finds sanctuary in the church. Amsterdam hangs Jack's body in Paradise Square where Bill laments the the loss of an easily corruptible cop. Jimmy tells Bill where to find Amsterdam, however, since Amsterdam is hiding in the church, Bill is reluctant to go there and confront him. However, Bill, sensing that Jimmy might betray anyone as easily as he betrayed Amsterdam, has Jimmy impaled on the spiked fence in Paradise Square and left for Amsterdam to find him. When Jenny and Amsterdam find Jimmy, Jenny gives Amsterdam her pistol to mercifully kill his friend. Amsterdam and his men, now dressed in the red of the Dead Rabbits, are gathering strength, even to the point where Tweed asks for their help in getting votes. He makes a deal with them to allow them to have an Irish sheriff and he will get all Irish votes. They choose Monk, who wins a rigged and crooked election. Bill challenges Monk outside his barber shop. When Monk suggests they go inside and talk like men, Bill throws a cleaver into Monk's back. He then takes Monk's club (which has 44 carvings on it to mark how many people Monk has killed), carves a new notch into it, and clubs Monk with it, finishing him off. At Monk's funeral, Amsterdam quietly challenges Bill to a gang brawl. They later meet and discuss the terms: primitive weapons are permitted, but guns will not be. The day arrives and Amsterdam cuts himself on the cheek as his father had done with the rusted razor. He looks at Jenny, who tells him that she's leaving for San Francisco today with or without him. He tells her it will be over tomorrow, but she leaves. A conscription act for the Union Army is enforced; anyone who can pay $300 will not be forced to join the army and fight the Confederacy in the Southern states. A series of riots break out, and crowds start pillaging the streets, burning homes, letting the animals at PT Barnum's House of Wonders loose and cutting the telegraph lines so the police and authorities cannot communicate to stop the rioters. Jenny and Jimmy are even attacked in the process. In Paradise Square, the Dead Rabbits and Bill's Federation of American Natives meet. They are just about to begin brawling when the Navy fires their cannons into the Square killing many members of both gangs. The Army also moves in and fires upon the survivors. In the confusion, McGloin is killed. Only Amsterdam and Bill are left to fight. Bill uses the thick smoke from the cannon shots to rush Amsterdam and slash him twice. Another cannon shot knocks Bill and Amsterdam to the ground. Bill pulls a piece of shrapnel from his midsection and says he'll die "a true American." Amsterdam takes this opportunity and stabs and kills Bill. Jenny finds him and, that night, they mourn all the friends they lost in the draft riots. Amsterdam mentions that the riots continued for another three nights. Tweed is only upset because he lost so many votes. Bill is buried next to Priest Vallon in a Brooklyn cemetery that looks out on the Manhattan skyline. Amsterdam is there with Jenny and he buries his father's straight razor on top of Priest's grave. Amsterdam remarks in voiceover that a city like New York will continue to grow and he and his friends and enemies might never be remembered. Decades begin to pass, showing the growth of the Manhattan skyline, the last shot showing the twin towers of the World Trade Center.
tt0361596
Documentary,Drama,War
Michael Moore begins the movie begins by suggesting that friends and political allies of George W. Bush at Fox News Channel tilted the presidential election of 2000 by prematurely declaring George W. Bush the winner. It then suggests the handling of the voting controversy in Florida constituted election fraud. The film then segues into the September 11, 2001 attacks, with the screen going black and the film relying solely on sounds to illustrate the chaos on that day. When the film resumes, it continues with scenes of the bystanders, survivors, and falling debris of the World Trade Center. Moore notes that President Bush was informed of the first plane hitting the World Trade Center on his way to an elementary school. Bush is then shown sitting in a Florida classroom with kids. When told that a second plane has hit the World Trade Center and that the nation is "under attack" Bush seems wary but calmly continues reading 'The Pet Goat' to the kids, and Moore notes that he continued reading for nearly seven minutes before leaving the school. The film then discusses the causes and aftermath of the September 11 attacks, including the 2003 invasion of Iraq. Moore then discusses the complex relationships between the U.S. government, the Bush family, the bin Laden family, the Saudi Arabian government, and the Taliban, which span over three decades. Moore alleges that the United States Government evacuated 24 members of the bin Laden family on a secret flight shortly after the attacks, without subjecting them to any form of investigation by the FBI or other security agencies. At the time, all other domestic and international civilian air traffic within the United States was grounded. Moore moves on to examine George W. Bush's Air National Guard service record. Moore contends that Bush's dry-hole oil well attempts were partially funded by the Saudis and by the bin Laden family through the intermediary of James R. Bath. Moore alleges that these conflicts of interest suggest that the Bush administration is not working for the best interests of Americans. The movie continues by suggesting ulterior motives for the War in Afghanistan, including a natural gas pipeline that could be laid through Afghanistan to the Indian Ocean. Moore alleges that the Bush administration induced a climate of fear among the American population through the mass media after the 9/11 attacks to gain widespread support for his administration and the war in Afghanistan. Moore then describes purported anti-terror efforts, including government infiltration of pacifist groups and other events, and the passage of the USA PATRIOT Act, which vastly expands government powers. After finding out that members of Congress do not read most of the bills that they vote on, including the USA PATRIOT Act, Moore drives through Washington D.C. in an ice cream truck using the external speaker to read the PATRIOT Act to them. The documentary then turns to the subject of the Iraq War, comparing the lives of the Iraqis before and after the invasion. The citizens of Iraq are shown to be living relatively happy lives prior to the country's invasion by the U.S. military in 2003. The film also takes pains to demonstrate war cheerleading in the U.S. media and general bias of journalists, with quotes from news organizations and embedded journalists. The film then shows Bush's moment of "Mission Accomplished" on board the USS Abraham Lincoln. The film alternates between media reports of increased casualties in Iraq and Bush's comment to "Bring 'em on", referring to the Iraqi insurgency. The film then shifts its focus to Moore's hometown, Flint, Michigan. The economically hard-hit town's low-income neighborhoods were the prime target of military recruiters. A recruiter named Sgt. Raymond Plouhar is introduced (he was later killed in Iraq), as he and another marine recruiter talk to potential recruits in the parking lot of a mall. The film introduces Lila Lipscomb, a woman presented as the proud mother of a U.S. serviceman. She expresses her strong sense of patriotism and support for the men and women in uniform. Moore suggests that, because the war was based on a lie, atrocities will occur, and shows footage depicting U.S. abuse of prisoners. Later in the film, Lipscomb reappears with her family after hearing of the death of her son, Sgt. Michael Pederson, who was killed on April 2, 2003, in the Iraqi city of Karbala. Anguished and tearful, she begins to question the purpose of the war and reads a letter from her son that show his own despondency and disenchantment with the war. Because Moore was tired of seeing people like Lila Lipscomb suffer, and after discovering that only one member of Congress has a child serving in Iraq, he distributes armed services enrollment information to various members of Congress and suggests that they enlist their children. Tying together several themes and points, Moore compliments those serving in the U.S. military. He claims that the lower class of America are always the first to join the army and defend the nation, so that the people better off do not have to. He states that those valuable troops should not be sent to risk their lives unless it is absolutely necessary. The film ends with a clip of George W. Bush stumbling through his infamous "Fool me once" quote. The credits roll while Neil Young's "Rockin' in the Free World" plays. Moore dedicated the film to his friend who was killed in the World Trade Center attacks and to those servicemen and women from Flint, Michigan that have been killed in Iraq. The film is also dedicated to "countless thousands" of civilian victims of war as a result of United States military activities in Iraq and Afghanistan.
tt0388980
Biography,Drama,History
Long shot amateur Francis Ouimet competes in the 1913 US Open golf championship all while proving he is a winner.
tt0070239
Drama,History,Musical
The camera pans across a landscape of desert hills dotted with stone ruins ("Overture"). A plume of dust in the distance resolves into a red and white bus that stops and disgorges a troupe of actors. The actors unpack costumes and props, including a large wooden cross. They dance around Ted Neeley, who will play Jesus, and dress him in a white robe. The actors, some still dancing, deploy themselves around the ruins of what might have been a temple. As Jesus talks with a group of followers, Judas (Carl Anderson) watches from a distance and worries ("Heaven on their Minds"). He's afraid that Jesus is beginning to believe what people are saying about him -- that he's God. He's also afraid that Jesus' followers will turn on him when they find that he isn't God, and that the Romans who occupy Judea will come down on them if they perceive Jesus' growing following as a threat to their rule. In the cave where Jesus and his followers are staying, the apostles ask when they're going to Jerusalem ("What's the Buzz?"). Jesus puts them off ("Don't you try to think ahead / Save tomorrow for tomorrow / Think about today instead"). Mary Magdalene (Yvonne Elliman), seeing that Jesus is hot and tired, tries to soothe him by bathing his face with cool water, which Jesus appreciates ("She alone has tried to give me / What I need right here and now"). Judas steps in to say he thinks it strange "that a man like you / Can waste his time / On women of her kind." Jesus responds angrily ("Who are you to criticize her?") ("Strange Thing Mystifying"). Caiaphas (Bob Bingham) the high priest discusses Jesus with his associate Annas (Kurt Yaghjian). Like Judas, Caiaphas believes that Jesus' popularity will bring down the wrath of the Romans. He mentions talk of crowning Jesus king. They agree to take the matter to the priests' council ("Then We Are Decided"). Back at the cave, Mary sings to Jesus to relax him ("Everything's Alright") and rubs ointment on his head and feet. Judas interrupts to scold Mary for wasting money on expensive ointment when it could have been used to help the poor. Jesus points out that they can't help everyone ("Surely you're not saying / We have the resources / To save the poor from their lot? / There will be poor always, / Pathetically struggling. / Look at the good things you've got!") He adds that he'll soon be gone, a warning that no one but Judas seems to notice. In council, Caiaphas tells the other priests that Jesus is a danger to the nation, concluding "Like John [the Baptist] before him / This Jesus must die" ("This Jesus Must Die"). Jesus is carried into Jerusalem by cheering, palm-waving crowds ("Hosanna"). Caiaphas advises Jesus to disperse the mob because they're too loud. "Nothing can be done to stop the shouting," Jesus replies joyfully; "If every tongue was stilled the noise would still continue / The rocks and stones themselves would start to sing." Later, in a big dance number, followers led by Simon Zealotes (Larry Marshall) tell Jesus how much they love him; at first he smiles at the crowd and laps it up. Simon urges Jesus to "Keep them yelling their devotion / But add a touch of hate at Rome" ... "You'll get the power and the glory / Forever and ever and ever" ("Simon Zealotes"). Jesus loses his smile while Judas looks on anxiously; this is the sort of thing Judas most fears. Some Roman soldiers march up and stop to watch, but Simon and his crowd are too wrapped up in their hero worship to notice. In a somber mood, Jesus tells the people -- and Mary, who kneels at his feet -- that none of them understand power and glory, and "To conquer death / You only have to die" ("Poor Jerusalem"). Simon is deeply puzzled. Pontius Pilate (Barry Dennen), a Roman official, sings of a dream in which he met "a Galilean, a most amazing man. / He had that look you very rarely find, / The haunting, hunted kind." Pilate foresees that he'll be blamed for the death of the Galilean in his dream ("Pilate's Dream"). Jesus visits the temple, which is like a modern-day flea market with modern-day merchandise (postcards, hand grenades) -- plus money lenders, of course. And prostitutes. Becoming angry ("My temple should be a house of prayer / But you have made it a den of thieves!"), Jesus runs around dumping tables and knocking over stalls ("The Temple"). Judas, again, watches in dismay. The vendors and customers flee. Jesus walks off into the hills, perhaps to calm down, but is accosted among the rocks by a crowd of the blind, halt, and sick, who beg to be healed. At first he reaches out to them, but he's unable to help them all and the mob seems to swallow him. He finally screams "leave me alone!" Meeting Jesus as he walks back to their camp, Mary wraps him in a tattered blanket and sings to him as he lies down under a tent ("Everything's Alright (Reprise)"). As he sleeps, she muses about her love for Jesus, which confuses and frightens her ("I Don't Know How to Love Him"). "I'm the one / Who's always been / So calm, so cool / No lover's fool ... I never thought I'd come to this." Judas seems to be agonizing over something; he squats in an empty landscape, letting sand run through his fingers. When a row of Roman tanks appears over the crest of the hill and bears down on him, he runs to the temple. He's there to betray Jesus, but tries first to explain his motives to the uninterested priests ("Damned for All Time/Blood Money"). All they want to know is where the soldiers can find Jesus at a time when he's not surrounded by crowds. Caiaphas offers Judas a fee ("We'll pay you in silver / Cash on the nail"), which Judas turns down ("I don't want your blood money") until Caiaphas points out that Judas can give the money to the poor -- he knows exactly which buttons to press. Judas takes the bag of money and says that Jesus will be in the Garden of Gethsemane on Thursday night. In the Garden of Gethsemane, the apostles are feeling mellow ("Look at all my trials and tribulations / Sinking in a gentle pool of wine") and Jesus is feeling sorry for himself -- not without reason, given what he seems to know is about to happen to him. "For all you care, this wine could be my blood," he says. (His petulance is a brilliant way to explain the rather odd, cannibalistic ideas behind the Eucharist.) He goes on to predict that "one of you here dining" will soon betray Jesus and another will deny knowing him. Judas exchanges some bitter words with Jesus before going off to bring the soldiers. The remaining apostles fall asleep and Jesus asks, "will no one wait with me? Peter? John? James?" ("The Last Supper"). Jesus goes for a walk to commune with God ("Gethsemane (I Only Want to Say)"). He asks whether he has to go through with his death, and asks to know the reason for it ("You're far too keen on where and how / But not so hot on why"). If God replies, it's not evident. Judas comes back with soldiers and identifies Jesus for them with his famous betraying kiss. Peter and the other apostles wake up and offer to defend Jesus ("Hang on lord, we're gonna fight for you"), but Jesus tells them "it's all over" and to "stick to fishing from now on" ("The Arrest"). The soldiers march Jesus back to the city, attracting a crowd as they go. Curious bystanders and journalists question him as he walks ("Do you think that you may retire? / Did you think you would get much higher? / How do you view your coming trial?"). Jesus doesn't answer. The soldiers take Jesus to Caiaphas, who asks if he's really the son of God. Jesus doesn't deny it, only replying "that's what you say." The crowd demands, "take him to Pilate!" Peter, Mary, and another disciple stop at a camp along the road for water. A woman, a soldier, and an old man all recognize Peter ("you were with that man they took away"), but each time Peter claims not to know Jesus ("Peter's Denial"). Mary says sadly, "It's what he told us you would do. / I wonder how he knew." Jesus is frog-marched into the presence of Pilate, who makes fun of him, asks him if he's really king of the Jews, and dismisses his case to Herod ("Pilate and Christ"). King Herod (Josh Mostel), surrounded by wildly costumed, dancing courtiers, twits Christ in his turn. In "King Herod's Song (Try It and See)", he offers to let Jesus go if he'll perform a miracle. ("Prove to me that you're divine -- / Change my water into wine!") When Jesus fails to respond, Herod declares him a fraud and sends him away. Mary Magdalen and Peter, standing on a stark mountainside overlooking the desert, wish for things to go back to the way they were before Jesus was arrested ("Could We Start Again, Please?"). They're backed by a crowd of followers. Jesus (who isn't really there, of course) turns and walks off into the desert. Soldiers throw Jesus into a pit, where Judas peers down at him until he's pushed away by a guard. Judas goes back to the priests to complain about how badly Christ has been treated, saying he'd save him the suffering if he could. Annas and Caiaphas tell Judas that events have unfolded just as he predicted, and "What you have done / Will be the saving of Israel." Judas isn't comforted and continues, in a song that includes a brief reprise of "I Don't Know how to Love Him," to berate himself for the betrayal. Overcome with remorse, Judas hangs himself from a tree ("Judas' Death"). Jesus is taken back to Pilate, where the priests ask that Jesus be sentenced to death ("We need him crucified / It's all you have to do"). Pilate resists, saying Christ has committed no crime worthy of death and asking Jesus to defend himself. The crowd gets so agitated that Pilate agrees to flog Jesus ("Trial Before Pilate (Including the 39 Lashes)"). But it's not enough. Faced with an incipient riot and Jesus' insistence that nothing Pilate can do will prevent his death, a frustrated Pilate says "die if you want to, you misguided martyr!" and washes his hands. In another fantasy sequence, Judas descends from a star (lowered by a visible crane) to speak to Jesus, who is alone in the amphitheater where the trial was held. Judas points out that Jesus could have spread his message more easily if he'd come today ("Israel in 4 BC had no mass communication"). He asks Jesus why he chose "such a backward time / And such a strange land?" ("Superstar.") On a hilltop where two men have already been crucified, soldiers are pounding nails into something on the ground. They raise a cross on which Jesus is hanging, crowned with thorns. They jeer, but Jesus asks God to forgive them. A few of Jesus' followers, including a grief-stricken Mary, watch from below. The soldiers raise a ladder and nail a board to the cross above Jesus' head. It's just possible to make out the letters INRI on the board; they stand for Iesus Nazarenus, Rex Iudaeorum -- Jesus of Nazareth, king of the Jews. Jesus asks, "my God, my God, why have you forgotten me?", and says "Father, into your hands I commend my spirit." He dies. As the film ends, the performers, out of costume, reboard their bus. Last come Yvonne Elliman (Mary) and Carl Anderson (Judas); there's no sign of Jesus. Ted Neeley stripped away his costume and disappeared into the cast beforehand. The bus drives off. The final shot shows the empty cross against a setting sun, as a shepherd and his flock cross the hillside ("John 19:41").
tt0349825
Biography,Drama,History
Kurt Russell stars as coach Herb Brooks in a true story of the 1980 U.S. Olympic ice hockey team winning the gold medal by defeating the powerful Soviet Union and Finland teams at Lake Placid. Brooks has had a dream of coaching the U.S. Olympic team ever since he was cut from the 1960 U.S. Olympic team. Brooks' dream comes true, and he gets the coaching job in 1979. Brooks puts together a team of college kids and begins to get them into shape. Since the Soviet Union is the greatest hockey team in the world, Brooks begins to retrain his team in the European style of playing the game. The Soviet Union team has won four consecutive gold medals and recently defeated a team of National Hockey League all-stars. Brooks said that the all-stars were individual players and not a team. With all his hard training, he finally turns these kids into the U.S. Olympic team, and a family. The team defeats the Soviet Union in the semifinal round by not allowing them a single goal for the last 10 minutes of the game. With the world watching the game on TV, Al Michaels asks his famous question at the end of the game, `Do you believe in miracles? Yes!' The team still had to play Finland in the final round, which they won. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0329575
Drama,History,Sport
The film centers on three men, Red Pollard, Charles S. Howard, and Tom Smith who come together as, respectively, the principal jockey, owner, and trainer of championship racehorse, Seabiscuit. The story follows the redemption of the three men as they rise from troubled times to achieve fame and success through their association with the horse. During the Roaring 20s, boom times of optimism, progress, and confidence in America, Charles Howard leaves his job at a New York factory to pursue his dreams in rapidly growing California, where there were fortunes to be made. He opens a bicycle shop in San Francisco, and finds business slow at first. When a passing motorist asks him to fix his Stanley Steamer, Charles sees that cars are the wave of the future and quickly gets on board. He soon becomes San Francisco's biggest auto dealer and one of the richest men in California, and he buys a large plot of land with a fine house for his new wife and young son. The property comes with stables, which he fills with cars after disposing of the horses. Meanwhile, Tom Smith is a drifter, riding horses and living off the land in the nearly pristine American West. He is initially perplexed to discover barbed wire fences, as civilization begins to encroach on his wide-open spaces. John "Red" Pollard, then a teenaged boy in an affluent family, has a natural talent for horses. His well-read father imbues him with a love of literature. The market crash of 1929 changes everything. Red's family is impoverished. Red brings home $2 one day, a substantial blessing to his destitute family, from working for Mr. Blodget at a horse track. and his parents decide that it is time for him to take his books, leave home, and work at Mr. Blodget's full time. Red, who had remained in good spirits up to this point, is crushed. Although his parents promise to write to him and call him occasionally, Red never sees them again. In the following years, Red struggles to survive during the depths of the Depression. With his skill with horses, he can work as a jockey and a groom, but work is sporadic and pays poorly. He makes extra money in illegal boxing matches, in one of which he loses most of the sight in one eye. Having lost his home and his family, the embittered Red develops enormous anger issues and eventually finds his way to Mexico to relieve himself with alcohol and prostitutes. While working as a jockey there, he makes friends with George Woolf, a famous and successful jockey. Although Charles's interests are hit hard in the Depression, he is wealthy enough to hang on. However, tragedy strikes him anyway when his son is killed in a car crash. When he is unable to come out of his grief and melancholy, his wife leaves him. Cars made Charles rich, and now they have ruined him too, for he has kept his home but lost his family. He shutters his stables full of cars and heads for Mexico to drown his sorrows and obtain a quickie divorce. Only Tom's fortunes are not significantly affected by the Depression, as he had nothing to lose in the first place. He adopts an injured horse from its owners who were preparing to put it down, saving them a bullet in the process, and nurses the horse back to health. In Mexico, Charles meets Marcela, who is at last able to bring him out of his funk. Charles and Marcela get married, and she reintroduces him to the joys of riding horses. Charles decides to try his hand at racing horses, and sets out to find a trainer, a horse, and a jockey to ride it. He meets Tom, and, impressed by Tom's honesty, simple tastes, and his interest and skill in healing the injured horse, asks him be his horse trainer. Later, it is Tom who is impressed when he meets Seabiscuit for the first time. The horse had an impressive pedigree but a lackluster track record, and had resisted his owners' attempts to train the stubbornness out of him. The horse became angry and bitter, and did not seem to have a bright future, but Tom saw the horse's attitude and fighting spirit. Finally, the group met Red after seeing him brawling with other stable hands. A pugnacious jockey on a feisty horse was a match made in heaven. At Tom's advice, Red rides Seabiscuit for many aimless miles, to help him forget his previous abuse and relearn how to be a racehorse. The group returns to Charles's house in California, where Charles reopens the stables, removes the cars, and fills them with his newly acquired horses, including Seabiscuit. Red and Tom, unaccustomed to this comfort, sleep in the stables and the fields, respectively, at first. They find another horse that makes a good companion for Seabiscuit, calming him. As Tom begins to train Seabiscuit, he discovers that Seabiscuit is very fast, especially when he sees other horses and tries to outrun them. Eventually, Seabiscuit enters his first big race under Charles, the 1937 Santa Anita Handicap. Knowing Seabiscuit's abilities and temperament, Tom and Red go over their strategy before the race. The race begins well enough, until another horse bumps past Seabiscuit. Red is immediately enraged. All of Tom's words are immediately forgotten, he thinks of nothing else but to punish the other rider. Red charges after the other horse and attacks the jockey, while the two horses race far ahead of the pack, but the horses inevitably tire and the other horses catch up, with Seabiscuit finishing last. Red tries to explain his intense anger to Charles and Tom. Charles assures Red that he still wants him to ride the horse. Red pulls himself together and rides Seabiscuit in a number of other races in California, winning all of them, much to the surprise of the radio announcer and the delight of the public. As the nation struggled to pull out of the Depression, the public saw Seabiscuit, the perennial underdog, as their mascot. Charles, with his knack for public relations, helped Seabiscuit build an ever-larger fan base. However, Tom was less than pleased, because he still needed to work with the horse away from the press, and it didn't help that Charles gave away horseshoes as souvenirs. Tom reminds Charles that although Seabiscuit had won several races, he had not yet faced any of the famous Eastern racehorses at prestigious races. In particular, Seabiscuit had not yet proven himself to be anywhere near the level of War Admiral, the Triple Crown winner. Charles immediately challenges Mr. Riddle, owner of War Admiral, to a match race, very publicly. Riddle, knowing he had nothing to gain and much to lose by racing his horse against the largely unproven Seabiscuit, declines. Charles tries to tempt Riddle by sponsoring the 1938 Santa Anita Handicap, putting up a hundred thousand dollars, an enormous sum for the time, for the race. This would make Santa Anita as prestigious a race as any of the more established Eastern races, and would attract all the famous Eastern horses to take part. However, Riddle declines again. Charles goes ahead anyway, knowing that if Seabiscuit can perform well against all the other well-bred horses from old-money owners, he would have a much stronger case for a match race with War Admiral. Tom and Red discuss strategy again, and this time Red keeps his cool. Near the end of the race, he seems sure to win, but another horse, Rosemont, catches up and Red doesn't see him until it is too late. In a photo finish, Rosemont wins by a nose. Red, visibly upset, admits to Tom that he did not see Rosemont because he is blind in one eye. Tom is not happy, but Charles reminds him that Tom had not discarded the horse he saved just because he had been hurt, the implication being that they should do the same for Red. At first, Riddle appears vindicated, but Charles is emboldened by a close second place finish against some very fine horses and announces that he will enter Seabiscuit in other races until he has faced War Admiral, win, lose, or draw. The public, impressed by the strong showing and heartened by Charles's willingness to fight on even after being beaten, rallies around Seabiscuit. Eventually, Riddle yields to enormous public pressure and agrees to race his horse, but only on his terms and on his home track, Pimlico, in Baltimore. Tom and Red begin to train Seabiscuit for the race, doing most of it at night when no one else is using the track or watching them. They train Seabiscuit to start using a bell, which he had never done before. One day, Red meets Mr. Blodget, his friend and employer from the early days of the Depression, to whom the last few years had not been kind. Mr. Blodget asks Red to ride a horse he was trying to sell, and Red is happy to help an old friend. Unfortunately, the horse passes by some men working on a tractor and it spooks when the tractor backfires. The horse panics and runs, dragging Red along the ground until he smashes into a wall and breaks his leg. Red will not be able to ride match race, and the doctor thinks he may be lucky even to walk again. Red suggests Charles call his friend George Woolf to ride Seabiscuit instead. Tom and Red teach George about Seabiscuit's handling and mannerisms. On November 1, people came for miles around to see the race, and at Charles's insistence, ordinary people could watch from the infield. George takes Seabiscuit to an early lead, but eases up to allow War Admiral to catch him on the backstretch, knowing that Seabiscuit's fierce competitive nature and penchant for late surges could only help if he saw the other horse and saved his strength for the end. As the horses came into the home stretch, Seabiscuit began to pull away and won by four lengths, elating his fans and cementing his place as America's greatest racehorse. While Red's leg healed, George continued to ride as Seabiscuit's jockey. In the 1939 Santa Anita Handicap, Seabiscuit pulls up lame, having injured his foot. The vet suggests that Charles should consider putting Seabiscuit down, but Charles takes him home instead, intending to care for him even if his racing career is over. Red and Seabiscuit spend time together as they heal, and eventually Seabiscuit heals to the point where he can walk without difficulty. Red begins to slowly train with him again, hoping that they will race again. In particular, Red wants another try at the Santa Anita Handicap. Despite Seabiscuit's enormous success, he had tried and failed three times to win the most prestigious race at his home track. Red makes a homemade brace to strengthen his fragile leg, and the doctor is skeptical. Nevertheless, Charles, Marcela, and George all see how desperate Red is to try to make up for his prior mistakes by winning the 1940 Santa Anita Handicap, and they enter him in the race. The radio announcer plays this "comeback story" and the public is once again delighted. During the race, Seabiscuit falls well behind the pack. George, riding another horse, drops back to give Seabiscuit that look at another horse that he needs to unleash his competitive spirit. Seabiscuit then surges forward and Red steers him through the other horses to win his final race. The movie ends with Red narrating "You know, everyone thinks that we found this broken-down horse and fixed him, but we didn't. He fixed us, every one of us, and I guess in a way we kind of fixed each other, too."
tt0082158
Biography,Drama,Sport
The movie is based on the true story of two British athletes competing in the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris. Englishman Harold Abrahams (Ben Cross), who is Jewish, overcomes anti-Semitism and class prejudice in order to compete against the "Flying Scotsman", Eric Liddell (Ian Charleson), in the 100 metre race. Opening in 1919 England, Harold Abrahams enters Cambridge University, where he meets with anti-Semitism from the staff, but enjoys participating in the Gilbert and Sullivan theatre club. He becomes the first person to ever complete the Trinity Great Court run: running around the court in the time it takes for the clock to strike 12. Abrahams achieves an undefeated string of victories in various national running competitions. Although focused on his running, he falls in love with a famous Gilbert and Sullivan soprano, Sybil (Alice Krige). Meanwhile in Scotland, Eric Liddell (Ian Charleson), born in China of Scottish missionary parents, is in Scotland. His devout sister Jennie (Cheryl Campbell) disapproves of Liddell's plans to pursue competitive running. But Liddell sees running as a way of glorifying God before returning to China to work as a missionary. Abrahams and Liddell meet for the first time in London in June 1923 when they first race against each other in a British open. Liddell beats Abrahams who takes it extremely badly. But Sam Mussabini (Ian Holm), a professional trainer whom Abrahams had approached earlier, offers to take him on to improve his technique. This attracts criticism from the Cambridge college masters (John Gielgud and Lindsay Anderson). In their meeting with Abrahams, the Cambridge masters allege it is ungentlemanly for an amateur to "play the tradesman" by employing a professional coach. Abrahams realizes this is a cover for their anti-Semitism and class entitlement, and dismisses their concern. Meanwhile, when Liddell accidentally misses a church prayer meeting because of his running, his sister Jennie upbraids him and accuses him of no longer caring about God. But Eric tells her that though he intends to eventually return to the China mission, he feels divinely inspired when running, and that not to run would be to dishonor God: "I believe that God made me for a purpose. But He also made me fast, and when I run, I feel His pleasure." The two athletes, after over a year of training and racing, are accepted to represent Great Britain in the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris, France. Also accepted are Abrahams' Cambridge buddies, Lord Andrew Lindsay (Nigel Havers), Aubrey Montague (Nicholas Farrell), and Henry Stallard (Daniel Gerroll) whom join the UK team. While boarding the boat to Paris for the Olympics, Liddell learns from the newspapers that the event for his 100 meter race will be on a Sunday. Liddell refuses to run the race despite strong pressure from the Prince of Wales (David Yelland) as well as the head of the British Olympic committee, Lord Cadogan (Patrick Magee) because Liddell's Christian convictions prevent him from running on the Christian Sabbath (Sunday). Hope appears in the form of Liddell's teammate Lord Andrew Lindsay. Having already won a silver medal in the 400 meter hurdles, Lindsay proposes to yield his place in the 400 meter race on the following Tuesday to Liddell. Liddell gratefully agrees. His religious convictions in the face of national athletic pride make headlines around the world. Liddell delivers a sermon at the Paris Church of Scotland that Sunday, and quotes from Isaiah 40, verse 31: "But they that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and be not weary; and they shall walk, and not faint." Meanwhile, Abrahams is badly beaten by the heavily favored and more experienced United States runner Charles Paddock (Dennis Christopher) in the 200 meter race who wins the gold medal, while Abrahams takes a second place silver medal. Abrahams knows that his last chance for a gold medal will be the 100 meter run. He competes in the 100 meter sprint and wins, beating Paddock and the rest of the Americans. On Tuesday, just before Liddell's race, the American coach remarks to his runners that Liddell has little chance of doing well in his now far longer 400 meter race. But one of the American runners, Jackson Scholz (Brad Davis), hands Liddell a note of support for his convictions. Liddell defeats all the American favorites and wins the gold medal. The British team returns home triumphant. Abrahams and Liddell then part ways, with Abrahams returning to Sybil and Liddell goes off to return to China with his missionary family. As the film ends, an onscreen text explains that Abrahams married Sybil, and became the elder statesman of British athletics. He died in January 1978. The elulogy at Abrahams' funeral is delivered by the elderly Lord Andrew Lindsay, the last surviving member of the 1924 UK Olympic Team. Eric Liddell went on to his missionary work back in China where he later died in a prison camp at the hands of Japanese troops in 1945.
tt0454824
Action,Drama,History
World War I began in Europe in 1914, but by 1917, the United States had still not entered the war. However, many brave young American men went to France to fly and fight for the Allied powers. They joined the Lafayette Escadrille fighter squadron. The Germans had better planes, weapons, and pilots. The average life expectancy for a fighter-pilot was three to six weeks. Why did these Americans volunteer to fight in France with certain death when their own country was not at war? This was a time when men were idealistic, but naive to embark on a great adventure. Blaine Rawlings (James Franco) was forced to leave his home in Texas after the family ranch was foreclosed by the bank. Blaine sees a newsreel of fighter-pilots in France and decides that he has nothing to lose. Briggs Lowry (Tyler Labine) can't do anything right and is shamed into joining by his rich father. African-American boxer Eugene Skinner (Abdul Salis) had been living in France, a racially tolerant country, for many years, wanted to give something back to his new country. These Americans were under the command of French Captain Georges Thenault (Jean Reno) and American Squadron Leader Reed Cassidy (Martin Henderson). Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt1418646
Drama,History,War
BENEATH HILL 60 is an Australian War Movie set underneath the trenches of World War I. This never-before told Australian story is set in 1916 - where Queensland miner Oliver Woodward, under-trained and having never faced hostile fire before, finds himself on the Western Front, the bloodiest battlefield in history. His new fiancée, 17 year old Marjorie, had pleaded with him not to enlist. She had only just discovered love and couldn't believe that it could be taken from her. But men with Woodward's underground skills are desperately needed to counter a deadly German offensive. Young German coal miners, Ernst Wagner and Karl Babek have also been thrust into the war. They have been brought, along with thousands of other men and boys, from the mining villages in Bavaria. The soldier-miners from both sides drive their narrow tunnels under no man's land. Attempting to out-manoeuvre and undermine each other they create a great labyrinth of tunnels. It's a silent and savage war where one tiny sound can turn a man from hunter to hunted, where skilled listeners are more sought after than fighters. And after two years of claustrophobia and bloodshed, of triumph and heartbreak, it all comes down to a single moment. As infantrymen quietly fix bayonets in the darkness, Oliver Woodward crouches in a muddy bunker preparing to press a detonator that could change the course of the war....
tt0080855
Adventure,Drama,Western
In 1870 young men of privilege, James Averill (Kris Kristofferson) and Billy Irvine (John Hurt) graduate from Harvard College. There are marching bands, pompous speeches, graduates dancing on the green with their girlfriends, competing with underclassmen to get a bouquet from a tree, and singing to their girls up in the windows by candlelight. Billy who is constantly drunk laments, "It's over!" The graduates are encouraged by the Reverend Doctor to go forth and educate the nation. The story jumps ahead 20 years where Jim is the marshal of Johnson County, Wyoming where there are many Eastern European immigrants who are starting new lives as farmers. Jim is returning by train from St. Louis bringing with him a beautiful new horse and carriage for his girlfriend. The train chugs through the magnificent wilderness, it has deer antlers on the engine. In Johnson County, local gunslinger, Nate Champion (Christopher Walken) who works for the Stockgrowers Association (the local organization of rich cattle ranchers), and dresses in fancy Eastern clothes, just like Jim, shoots an immigrant farmer named Michael Kovac in the chest because Kovac had killed a steer to feed his starving family. Kovac's wife and child howl and slip in the bloody mud. Nate rides by a huge group of immigrants forging their way into the wilderness and shouts at them to go back where they belong. Jim's train arrives at the end of the line in Casper, Wyoming, where he and many immigrants disembark. Jim has a conversation with Cully the Irish station master (Richard Masur) who says something about how a citizen can't get an even break. In the crowded town there are many immigrants getting ready to go out to Johnson County and many evil-looking gunslingers threatening them. At the local emporium, the gunslingers are being armed and outfitted at the cost of the Stockgrowers Association. Jim breaks up an altercation between some gunmen and a small family of homesteaders -- the gunmen are beating the father and trying to rob him openly of their possessions. Jim beats the men, driving them away. Jim goes to the Association headquarters which is essentially a fancy gentleman's club. The head of the association, the villainous Frank Canton (Sam Waterston) is telling the wealthy members that he has hired a small army of gunslingers to murder virtually all of the immigrants in Johnson County because some of them are rustling cattle to try to feed their starving families. Canton has created a death list of 125 names, deeming them "bandits and anarchists" and will pay the gunmen $5 a day and $50 a head for every immigrant shot or hung. Billy Irvine, Jim's friend from Harvard, is the only member of the association who has moral qualms about the murders, but he is always so drunk no one pays him any attention. Canton assures the members of the Association that the murders have been approved by the governor, Congress and "President of these United States." Billy goes upstairs to the pool room and finds Jim there. The reminisce about the "good gone days." Billy tells Jim about the death list. Jim says "Even they can't get away with a thing like that." Billy says that "in principle everything can be done." Jim, who was previously blackballed by the Association, confronts Canton and warns him to stay out of Johnson County. Canton slaps him in the face for being a traitor to his class by siding with the poor but Jim hits him even harder and leaves. Jim heads off to Johnson County driving the horse and carriage. He sees the same poor immigrant woman who's husband was beaten in Casper and her young children pulling a cart to which is tied her husband's body. Jim offers to help her get the money back she paid for land. She says "we farm our land." Meanwhile, Canton hires even more gunfighters and mercenaries with the promise of $5 a day and $50 for each murder. In Johnson County, Nate has qualms about killing a young married man who he prevents from killing a steer. Jim arrives in Sweetwater, the main town in Johnson County. The town is still primarily under construction. Jim goes to the hotel in which he lives. The hotel is run by John Bridges (Jeff Bridges). It is Sunday and the immigrants are in town. During a cock fight in the bar, Jim tells JB about the death list. Bridges is incredulous. Jim repeats Billy's phrase, "in principle everything can be done." Jim intervenes in a dispute between a big immigrant with a bandage on his head and a dapper little immigrant in a white suit with a boater hat. The little guy says that the big guy trespassed on his land so "I take him by foot and my wife hit him on head with rock." Everyone laughs. Jim breaks up the brewing fight. Jim goes to his girlfriend's place. She is the pretty young French brothel owner named Ella Watson (Isabel Huppert). The two go into Ella's room for passionate sex. Jim shows Ella the horse and carriage he has gotten her for her birthday. Ella and Jim go on a wild ride around town, disrupting a photographer who is taking a picture of the townspeople. All the men cheer whilst all the women are shocked that the Averill is with Ella. Ella bathes nude in a mountain lake. Jim, who is clearly troubled, tries to convince her to leave because of the potential violence that will occur when the Association invades. She says she will go if he goes with her. This isn't part of his plan. Ella and Jim go to the Heaven's Gate roller rink (the name of the rink is the only mention of the title in the film). A roller skating fiddle player, John (the movie's composer, David Mansfield), skates around the rink. The immigrant families including Ella and her girls skate around the rink, people fall down, everyone laughs, JB stumbles outside and vomits and is put into a wagon by Jim. Once everyone is gone, Jim and Ella share a romantic dance to a waltz played by the band. Later Jim is passed out drunk upstairs at the whorehouse. Nate, who is also in love with Ella, is upset that she charges him for her services but not Jim. "I thought you was getting to like me" says Nate "but I like money too." Ella has Nate take the passed out Jim back to the hotel. Nate sees Jim's room. There is a picture of Jim and a young woman, possibly the girl he danced with at the graduation. Nate tries on Jim's hat. "You got style Jim" he remarks. The next morning a hungover Jim has a tense conversation with Nate in the hotel bar room. He says he wants Ella to leave because it is getting dangerous for her. Later on, Jim and the head of the chamber of commerce, Mr. Eggleston (Brad Dourif) go to the army fort to ask for help in opposing the Association and its gunslingers. The cavalry men are playing baseball and the captain hurts his leg. As he sits the game out, he tells Averill that his orders are not to interfere in the activities of the Association. The captain gives Jim a copy of the death list -- Jim notices that Ella's name is on it. Jim returns to the brothel and tells Ella that her name is on the death list. He fights with Nate, who claims to know nothing about the list and points out that he has asked Ella to be his wife. Nate says: "Jim ain't your friend Ella. He ain't nobody's friend." Nate takes Ella to his cabin. He shares the cabin with Nick Ray (Mickey Rourke) a young protégé of Nate's. Nick has invited Fred (Geoffrey Lewis) a dirty trapper to spend the night at the cabin. Nate shows Ella his big surprise: "Wallpaper." He has papered the interior of his log cabin with what looks like pages from the Police Gazette to impress Ella. Ella says that the wallpaper is beautiful as Nate quickly tries to tidy the place up for his future bride. Back in Casper, Cully sees the train carrying the cattlemen and gunslingers heading off towards Johnson County without making the regular stop in Casper. He tries to telegraph Jim but the wires have been cut. Cully rides off on horseback to try to warn Jim about the danger. Frank Canton stops the train outside Sweetwater and the forces unload, meeting up with other members of the Association. Billy is drunk as usual but seems concerned that death warrants be issued. Canton assures him that the President himself has approved the murders. The cattlemen and gunslingers ride off into a cloud of dust. Billy utters the last lines of the first half of the film: "What are we?" INTERMISSION Cully is found sleeping in the open country by the gunslingers. One of them questions what he's doing so far away from the train station when he should be there working. Cully tries to escape, but is shot down in a hail of bullets before he can warn anyone of Canton's thugs. At the cabin, the Trapper Fred shows Nate, Ella and Nick how you can keep a wolf from biting you by grabbing its tongue. Ella leaves in her carriage and returns to town, where the immigrants are having a meeting at the Heaven's Gate roller rink. Jim reads the death list to the immigrants and they realize that the whole community are included in Canton's plan. There is a hail of shouting and arguments and calls to raise a militia and fight the Association members. When Ella returns to the whorehouse, she finds the Association's men are inside. She sends John to get Jim then enters the whorehouse and tries to conduct regular business with the men. They viciously rape Ella. Jim arrives and sneaks on to the roof, seeing all the other prostitutes lying horrifically beaten upstairs. He slits the throat of their lookout before bursting into the house and shooting all but one of the gunslingers who attacked Ella. The gunslinger gets away by crashing through a nearby window. Nate arrives shortly after and realizes the type of people he has been working for. Nate goes to the Association encampment and shoots the remaining rapist who got away right in front of Canton and Billy. He threatens Canton and demands that the proper warrants are issued before any action regarding the death list is carried out. Canton says he has the full authority of the government of the United States in his actions, dropping the titles of people he knows high up. When Nick challenges Canton about his ability to kill a man, Canton shows how tough he is by shooting a young immigrant prisoner through the head. Jim once again tries to convince Ella to leave, but she still won't. Jim says goodbye to Ella. He is having a last drink with JB when the mayor and his people arrive and say they want Jim to turn the immigrants on the death list over to the Association. Jim quits his job. Trapper Fred is going out of the cabin to have his yearly bath when he meets the gunslingers, hiding at the riverbank. Canton says he has one minute to gather their things and get out before they attack Nate. Fred comes out with his stuff and is immediately shot down. Ella comes to the rescue on her cart and shoots one of the gunslingers, but is forced to flee on horseback when her carriage is wrecked. The gunslingers continue to attack the cabin, shooting hundreds of rounds, killing Nick. Nate shoots back, but the cabin is set on fire. Nate pens a last note to Ella. He comes out shooting in a daring last stand but is quickly killed. Back at the roller rink the immigrants decide whether to fight. They learn that Averill has quit, but Mr. Eggleston gives a speech about the rights of poor people and this inspires the townsfolk to take up arms. Ella runs in and says "they're here!", then goes to see Jim who appears indifferent to the news that Nate has died. He knew this day would come and, from his window, Averill watches on as Ella joins the immigrants who leave on their carriages to attack the Association head-on. An immigrant carriage plunges off of a bridge and an entire family is drowned while the husband howls. The immigrants, led by Ella and JB, ride around the encampment, forming a circle. The gunslingers return fire and a chaotic battle ensues. Through clouds of dust and gun smoke, the Association kill off many of the immigrants. As bullets fly, a drunken Billy sees defeat and begins to reminisce about his time in Paris. He is shot dead by Ella. Canton escapes to get help, leaving the gunslingers under the command of former Civil War major Wolcott (Ronnie Walker). After many losses, both sides withdraw from the battle. Averill, who has now changed his mind, goes to join the surviving immigrants. He finds that Ella has returned to Nate's cabin and has found Nate's note: "Goodbye Ella and Jim, if I never see you again. Nathan D. Champion" Jim tells Ella to go back to her place and wait for him. He then goes to the immigrant encampment and devises a plan of attack, which he had learned from the Romans. That night, the immigrants use the remnants of their horse-drawn carts to build mobile barricades whilst the Association men only hear their singing. In the morning, Jim rides around the field of battle and issues commands to the immigrants, who push their wheeled barricades towards the Association encampment. The bullets from the Association shooters are mostly unable to penetrate the logs. Recognizing Jim's plan of attack, Major Wolcott says "Goddamn Romans!" Pushing closer and surrounding the encampment, the immigrants use sticks of dynamite to penetrate the Association's defense. Some immigrants are caught by gunfire and one man's legs are crushed by the wheels of the barricade. He is shot by his wife who later shoots herself. Canton escapes to gather more forces. It looks like the immigrants are about to win. Wolcott and Billy are both killed. Suddenly, Canton arrives with the cavalry and the American flag bravely flying (and clearly focused on) to arrest the remaining Association members. But as Averill remarks, they are being rescued instead of arrested. With Johnson County having fallen into anarchy, the order is given to pull out of the battle. The battlefield looks like Brady photographs of Civil War battlefields with hundreds of dead bodies and dead horses littering the scene. Back at the whorehouse, Jim and Ella are dressed in their Sunday best and prepare to leave Johnson County. They say goodbye to JB who is wounded from the battle. Just as they are about to get into a carriage, Association men begin shooting at them from nearby bushes and kill Ella and JB in a hail of bullets. Jim shoots and kills Canton but it is too late to save Ella and he can only weep over her body. 1903, Newport, Rhode Island. Jim, now an aging man dressed in an elegant yachting outfit, watches a sunset from the deck of a steam yacht. Down below we see a pampered-looking woman sleeping on the sofa. She is the girl Jim danced with at the Harvard graduation, the same girl who appears in the photograph seen previously. She wakes only to say "I'd like a cigarette" and idly lays there as a wordless Jim lights one. There are no more words spoken as Jim dwells on his lost love and the genocide of his townspeople. Averill returns to the deck and stares out at the water as the story closes.
tt0120866
Drama,History,Thriller
In the opening scene, a young boy (Osheen Jones) is eating lunch in a 1950s-style kitchen while he plays war with his surrounding toys. A bomb blast outside the window frightens him under the table from where he is rescued and taken to a Roman Amphitheatre, where an invisible audience cheers. An army resembling the Terracotta Army enters; Romans under the command of Titus Andronicus (Anthony Hopkins), the general at the center of the play, return victorious from war. They bring back as spoils Tamora (Jessica Lange), Queen of the Goths, her sons, and Aaron the Moor (Harry Lennix). Titus sacrifices Tamora's eldest son, Alarbus (Raz Degan), so the spirits of his 21 dead sons might be appeased. Tamora eloquently begs for the life of Alarbus, but Titus refuses her plea. Meanwhile, Caesar, the Emperor of Rome, has just died. His two sons, Saturninus (Alan Cumming) and Bassianus (James Frain), squabble over who will succeed him. The Tribune of the People, Marcus Andronicus (Colm Feore), announces the people's choice for new emperor is his brother, Titus. He refuses the throne and hands it to the late emperor's eldest son Saturninus, much to the latter's delight. The new emperor states he will take Lavinia (Laura Fraser), Titus' daughter, as his bride to honor and elevate the family. She is already betrothed to Saturninus' brother, Bassianus, who steals her away. Titus' surviving sons aid in the couple's run for the Pantheon, where they are to marry. Titus, angry with his sons because in his eyes they're being disloyal to Rome, kills his son Mutius (Blake Ritson) as he defends the escape. The new emperor, Saturninus, dishonors Titus and marries Tamora instead. Tamora persuades the Emperor to feign forgiveness to Bassianus, Titus and his family and postpone punishment to a later day, thereby revealing her intention to avenge herself on all the Andronici clan. During a hunting party the next day, Tamora's lover, Aaron the Moor, meets Tamora's sons Chiron (Jonathan Rhys Meyers) and Demetrius (Matthew Rhys). The two argue over which should take sexual advantage of the newly-wed Lavinia. Aaron easily persuades them to ambush Bassianus and kill him in the presence of Tamora and Lavinia, in order to have their way with her. Lavinia begs Tamora to stop her sons, but Tamora refuses. Chiron and Demetrius throw Bassianus's body in a pit, as Aaron directed them, then take Lavinia away and gang rape her. To keep her from revealing what she saw and endured, they cut out her tongue as well as both of her hands, replacing them with tree branches. When Marcus discovers her, he begs her to reveal the identity of her assailants; Lavinia leans towards the camera and opens her bloodied mouth in a silent scream. Aaron brings Titus' sons Martius (Colin Wells) and Quintus (Kenny Doughty) back to Rome and frames them for the murder of Bassianus with a forged letter outlining their plan to kill him. Angry, the Emperor arrests them. Later on, Marcus takes Lavinia to her father, who's overcome with grief. Titus and his remaining son, Lucius (Angus Macfadyen), begs for the lives of Martius and Quintus, but the two are found guilty and are marched off to execution. Aaron enters, and tells Titus, Lucius, and Marcus that the emperor will spare the prisoners if one of the three sacrifices a hand. Each demands the right to do so. Titus has Aaron cut off his (Titus's) left hand and take it to the emperor. Aaron's story is revealed to have been false, as a messenger brings Titus the heads of his sons and his own severed hand. In Renaissance semiotics, the hand is a representation of political and personal agency. With his hand chopped off, Titus has truly lost power. Desperate for revenge, Titus orders Lucius to flee Rome and raise an army among their former enemy, the Goths. Titus's grandson Lucius the Younger (Lucius's son and the young boy from the opening scene), who helped Titus read to Lavinia, complains she will not leave his books alone. In the book, she indicates to Titus and Marcus the story of Philomela, in which a similarly mute victim "wrote" the name of her wrongdoer. Marcus gives her a stick to hold with her mouth and stumps. She writes the names of her attackers on the ground. Titus vows revenge. Feigning madness, he ties written prayers for justice to arrows and commands his kinsmen to aim them at the sky so they may reach the gods. Understanding the method in Titus's "madness", Marcus directs the arrows to land inside the palace of Saturninus during an orgy he is currently holding. Saturnius is enraged by this added to the fact Lucius is at the gates of Rome with an army of Goths. A few months later, Tamora delivers a mixed-race child, fathered by Aaron. To hide his affair from the Emperor, Aaron kills the nurse and flees with the baby into the countryside. Lucius, marching on Rome with an army of Goths, captures Aaron and threatens to hang the infant. To save the baby, Aaron reveals the entire plot to Lucius, relishing every murder, rape and dismemberment. Tamora, convinced of Titus's madness, approaches him along with her two sons, dressed as the spirits of Revenge, Murder, and Rape. She tells Titus she (as a supernatural spirit) will grant him revenge if he will convince Lucius to stop attacking Rome. Titus agrees, sending Marcus to invite Lucius to a feast. "Revenge" offers to invite the Emperor and Tamora and is about to leave, but Titus insists "Rape" and "Murder" stay with him. She agrees. When she leaves, Titus's servants bind Chiron and Demetrius. Titus cuts their throats, while Lavinia holds a basin in her stumps to catch their blood. He plans to cook them into a pie for their mother. The next day, during the feast at his house, Lavinia enters the dining room. Titus (dressed as a chef) asks Saturninus whether a father should kill his daughter if she is raped. When the Emperor agrees, Titus snaps Lavinia's neck, to the horror of the dinner guests, and tells Saturninus what Tamora's sons did. When Saturninus demands Chiron and Demetrius be brought before him, Titus reveals they were in the pie Tamora enjoyed, and kills Tamora. Saturninus kills Titus after which Lucius kills Saturninus to avenge his father's death. Back in the Roman Arena, Lucius tells his family's story to the people and is proclaimed the new Emperor. He orders his father Titus and sister Lavinia to be buried in the family monuments, Saturninus will be given a proper burial, Tamora's body will to be thrown to the wild beasts, and Aaron be buried chest-deep and left to die of thirst and starvation. Aaron is unrepentant to the end. In the final shot, young Lucius picks up Aaron's child and carries him away out of the arena into the sunrise.
tt0086197
Adventure,Biography,Drama
In 1947, a group of determined men gathered at a remote Air Force base in the high desert of California. Their goal was to break the sound barrier by using a small rocket-powered test plane called the X-1. The only problem was that others had tried before, and not all had survived. Some thought of the sound barrier as a "demon that lived in the sky", waiting to destroy any who dared confront it. Chuck Yeager (Sam Shepard), a young wartime ace with a wild reputation, volunteers to fly the X-1, and spends the night before his flight at the local bar. After a few drinks, he and his wife go galloping off on their horses through the twilight, but a tree branch catches Yeager across the chest, knocking him off the horse and cracking a few ribs. Hiding his injury from the flight crew the next morning, Yeager climbs painfully into the plane and prepares to confront the sound barrier "demon". The little X-1 is carried aloft by a large B-29 bomber, then at the right altitude, is dropped free. Yeager ignites the rocket engine and quickly zooms up into the sky, going faster and faster, closing in on the deadly Mach-1 mark. The plane begins to vibrate, then shake, with Yeager fighting the controls. Suddenly, there is a strange boom, heard by the crew waiting on the ground, and everyone fears that the sound barrier has claimed another life. A moment later, they are surprised to hear Yeager's calm voice crackle over the radio, "Make a note here would you?" This Mach-meter must be busted. It's jumped clear off the scale." Amazed, then jubilant, they realize that Yeager has done it: The sound barrier had been broken. A reporter rushes to the nearest pay phone to report the event and is stopped by an Air Force officer who tells him the nature of the mission is top secret - they don't want the news to reach the Soviet Union. The desert airbase, now called Edwards, quickly becomes the center for all test and experimental aircraft in the U.S., and every hot-shot jet-jockey looking for a chance to become famous gravitates there. A few years pass, and one such pilot, Gordo Cooper (Dennis Quaid) can't wait to take a crack at becoming "the best pilot anyone ever saw." He finds Edwards already packed with others like himself, with Yeager still at the top of the pyramid. Unforeseen events halfway around the world change everything for these test pilots. The Communists launch Sputnik, history's first orbiting satellite, and suddenly everything is focused on the race for space. Looking for the first American astronauts, representatives from the newly formed NASA visit Edwards. Cooper sees a chance to stand out from the crowd and volunteers, along with his friends Gus Grissom (Fred Ward) and Deke Slayton (Scott Paulin). Other pilots, such as Alan Shepard (Scott Glenn) from the Navy, and John Glenn (Ed Harris) a Marine flyer, also answer the call. Tested to the limits of discomfort, pain and exhaustion, the astronaut candidates are slowly weeded out, leaving a mere seven pilots as the handpicked group that will lead America into space. Basking in their glory, they are stunned to hear that the Soviets have beaten them again, launching the first human, Yuri Gagarin, into space. Chagrined, they must now play catch-up with the Russians, and Alan Shepard is chosen to be the first American astronaut. Before they can launch a human into space, NASA sends a chimpanzee as a test subject. The chimp returns to Earth safely but the astronauts are dismayed that an animal went first. They are further dismayed when a series of test rockets fail to launch, either collapsing on the launch pad or explode in mid-air. The astronauts also quarrel with Wernher von Braun and the other NASA engineers about the design of the space capsule ("space craft") and whether or not it will have windows and a hatch with emergency bolts to escape if anything goes wrong. The scientists initially refuse to listen to the astronauts demands but relent when the men mention that funding can easily run out for space missions and that they'll spill everything to the press, who are kept waiting outside the hangar while the capsule is inspected. Shepard is strapped into his capsule early on the morning of the launch, he waits patiently while ground control works its way through an endless series of glitches. Shepard's flight was supposed to be a short 15-minute loft into space, and he's been waiting on the pad for hours. Feeling the call of nature, Shepard is forced to "do it in the suit", much to the embarrassment of ground control. However, once he's relieved himself, he demands that they get on with it and fire the rocket. "I'm cooler than you are, so let's light this candle!" Everyone holds their breath, and the button is pushed. Shepard's rocket ignites, and quickly climbs into the sky. Subjected to tremendous stress during the launch and then the fall back to Earth, he survives the flight and is picked up by the waiting helicopter. America has its first astronaut. Gus Grissom is next and his flight goes well, but during the recovery, the hatch on his capsule is unexpectedly blown off, and when the sea floods in, Grissom nearly drowns and the capsule is lost at the bottom of the Pacific. No one believes his claim that there was a fault in the system, and he's denied the hero's welcome afforded Shepard. The Russians make yet another bold move, placing a second man into orbit while the Americans struggle with short sub-orbital flights. Decisive action is needed, and John Glenn is chosen for the next American mission. An unreliable rocket, the Mercury Atlas, is chosen to launch Glenn into orbit, and the country watches as the risky flight progresses. Thankfully, Glenn's capsule makes it into orbit, and everyone draws a sigh of relief. Soon however, trouble develops, and there is a serious doubt that the capsule's heat shield will protect Glenn during re-entry. Without it, he'll be incinerated. Facing the fact that there's nothing he can do but try, Glenn fires his retros and begins to fall back through the atmosphere at 18,000 miles per hour. As the heat builds up around the capsule, his radio link to the ground is blanked out, and all they can do is wait. Minutes tick by as Glenn tears through the super-heated air. Amazingly, he survives, and American can finally claim they have at last matched the Russians in the space race. Back at Edwards, events have bypassed Chuck Yeager. No one cares about high-altitude flight or Mach-speed records now; everyone is talking about spacemen. In one more record-setting attempt, Yeager takes a specially modified F-104 Starfighter up in a dangerous, high-altitude flight. Zooming through the stratosphere once more, he pushes his plane to the limit, climbing higher and higher, pushed to a record altitude by the rocket in the tail. The sky around him grows dark as he approaches the edge of space. Suddenly the engine begins to stall. The air is too thin and the jet can't keep running at this height. The plane slows as alarm lights flash on the control panel. Yeager looks out at the dark sky around him, and for a moment he can see the stars twinkling just out of reach; he is almost there. But the plane lurches, and begins to fall. There's no control, no power, no way to recover. Yeager is in a deadly flat spin. Spiraling down faster and faster, Yeager struggles to get his craft under control, but as he nears the ground, he must either eject or crash. Pulling the ejection control, his seat is fired out of the doomed plane, but the small rocket in the ejection seat has ignited his flight suit, and he plummets through the clouds, trailing smoke as the flames burn up into his helmet. On the ground, the crash truck lumbers out over the flat desert toward the crashed plane. The recovery crew fully expects to find Yeager's smashed body in the wreckage, but something off in the distance catches their eye, and they turn toward it. As they draw closer, the shape becomes Yeager, his face badly burned, calmly and proudly walking towards them. He has survived once again. Intercut with Yeager's flight are scenes of the Mercury astronauts attending a huge Texas banquet thrown by Lyndon B. Johnson. The men watch a performance by fan dancer Sally Rand, and look at each other, knowing they're heroes to all Americans. Gordo Cooper remarks that he's achieved success as an astronaut having a good home, money, and a fine meal, and that he hasn't even been on a space mission yet. When asked who the greatest pilot he ever knew was, Gordo hesitates for a time, perhaps wanting to mention Chuck Yeager, and instead answers "You're lookin' at him." As the last of the Mercury-7 astronauts prepares for his flight into space, the ground controllers hear snoring over the microphone in the capsule. Gordo Cooper is finally getting his chance to prove he has "the right stuff", but first they have to wake him up. Laughing, they continue the countdown, and Cooper rides the rocket into space, setting records for the longest space flight to date, and proving, if only for a short time, that he is "the greatest pilot anyone ever saw." The narrator tells us that Cooper was the last astronaut to go into space alone.
tt1536048
Drama,History,Romance
In 1998, an auction of the estate of the Duke and Duchess of Windsor causes great excitement. For one woman, Wally Winthrop, it has much more meaning. Wally becomes obsessed by their historic love story. As she learns more about the sacrifices involved, Wally gains her own courage to find happiness.
tt0086993
Adventure,Drama,History
London, 1790. Lieutenant William Bligh (Anthony Hopkins) arrives in court, facing charges that his ship, The HMS Bounty, was taken by mutiny. Admiral Hood (Laurence Olivier) and Captain Greetham (Edward Fox) ask him to tell the court his story. Bligh recounts his story. In December 1787, he recruits Fletcher Christian (Mel Gibson) to bring breadfruit from Tahiti to Jamaica (and also to circumnavigate the world). John Fryer (Daniel-Day Lewis) is Master of the Ship, so Fletcher would serve as Master's Mate. The ship's bosun is William Cole (Bernard Hill). The Bounty sails from Spithead, England on December 23rd and over dinner in the crew area, seamen Charles Churchill (Liam Neeson) and Matthew Quintal (Neil Morrissey) fight, while Bligh and Fryer eat with Nelson (Simon Chandler) and Doc Huggan (Malcolm Terris). Thomas Heywood (Simon Adams) goes to investigate, but the crew covers the fracas with loud music. As the ship crosses the equator, the crew hazes Heywood while Bligh watches. Bligh shows a mean streak for even the slightest transgression, and seems to enjoy putting the crew through extra efforts. Rounding Cape Horn, the ship is buffeted by strong weather and waves. Fryer argues with Bligh over whether they should turn back; Bligh disagrees, and even though they have to take an alternate route, Bligh expresses his doubts about Fryer in the ship's log. He announces to the crew that Fryer is being replaced by Christian; Fryer is upset. The Bounty arrives in Tahiti on October 26, 1788 after ten months at sea. Bligh barters with King Tynah (Wi Kuki Kaa) for breadfruit. During the time spent waiting for breadfruit to grow, Fletcher falls in love with a native girl, Mauatua (Tevaite Vernette) the daughter of King Tynah, eventually impregnating her. Upset by this turn of events, Bligh seeks to disrupt the relationship. Romanced by the beautiful scenery of Tahiti, Churchill and some of the crew desert the ship, and Heyward is lashed for not reporting it. Bligh tells the crew that shore leave is cancelled. Fletcher refuses to enforce Bligh's discipline. The deserters return to the island, and Doc Huggan is found dead. The deserters are flogged as Fletcher bids farewell to Mauatua. Shortly after, the Bounty sets sail for Jamaica on April 4, 1789. Bligh tries to reconcile with Fletcher, but he is withdrawn. Bligh continues to be harsh on the crew, especially towards Fletcher and his watch. Bligh announces that they will return around Cape Horn to sail to Jamaica. Disagreements lead Fletcher and the crew to plot a mutiny. On the evening of April 28, Fletcher and his group take over the ship in a relatively bloodless battle. Of the 42-man crew, 18 join Fletcher in the mutiny, two remain neutral, and 22 side with Bligh. Fletcher and the mutineers order Bligh, two midshipmen, the surgeon's mate (Ledward), and the ship's clerk and 14 others into one of the ship's lifeboats and they are cast adrift, and Fletcher sails the Bounty back to Tahiti. Upon arrival back in Tahiti, Fletcher is unable to barter with King Tynah, but Mauatua elects to leave with him, so Tynah gives some of his men to help sail the ship. Heyworth stays in Tahiti, as does Churchill. The Bounty leaves Tahiti in September 1789 to sail for an unchartered island for them to settle on and to avoid the Royal Navy. Meanwhile, Bligh and his men sail the open boat 30 nautical miles to Tofua in search of supplies, but are soon forced to flee after attacks by hostile natives result in the death of one of his men, and they are forced to leave without provisions. Bligh decides to skirt other islands like Fiji and head to Timor. Bligh's men are forced to ration food and water, but he maintains order. After a 47-day, 3,000 mile journey in the open rowboat, Bligh and his men reach the Dutch port of Coupang, Timor in Dutch Indonesia... exhausted and barely alive. Bligh reports the mutiny. Fletcher and The Bounty do not fare as well. They have little luck finding a paradise island for them to hide out on, and the men do not respect him. Fletcher decides to try and find Pitcairn Island, mentioned in logs but not specified. On January 15, 1790 they discover Pitcairn Island, which had been misplaced on the Royal Navy's charts. After the decision is made to settle on Pitcairn, livestock and other provisions are removed from the Bounty. To prevent the ship's detection, and anyone's possible escape, Fletcher orders the ship to be burned. The date is January 23, 1790. Back in England, Bligh is exonerated by the court for having anything to do with the cause of the muntiny. Back on Pitcairn, Fletcher and the mutineers watch the Bounty burn in the shallow bay of the island. The disclaimer during the end credits states that 35 years later, only John Adams and his new English-Tahitian mixed race family was found on Pitcairn Island by a passing British warship. The descendents of the HMS Bounty mutaineers continue to live on Pitcairn Island. The fate of Fletcher Christian remains unknown but it is believed that he was killed somtime in 1793 during a civil conflict on Pitcairn Island along with most of the other muntineers with the exception of Adams.
tt0068182
Action,Adventure,Biography
Opening titles lay out the background of the story. After the conquest and plundering of the Inca Empire by Spain, natives invented the legend of El Dorado, supposedly situated in the headwaters of the Amazon. In 1560 a Spanish expedition set off from Peru. This is the story of the expedition based on the surviving diary of the monk Gaspar de Carvajal. As the film opens a narrator informs us that it is the 25th of December. The expedition has just passed the final peak of the Andes Mountains and is afforded its first glimpse at the jungle. We see hundreds descending into the Amazonian jungle- Spaniards in full armor, ladies in courtly dress, a monk, and hundreds of enslaved Indians carrying food, cannons, sedans and other supplies. The expedition reaches the bottom of the mountains. While many rest, Don Lope de Aguirre (Klaus Kinski) and Gonzalo Pizarro (Alejandro Repullés) stand looking at the river and discuss what faces them. Aguirre maintains that no one can conquer that river, but Pizarro believes that their journey will be easier from this point forward. Aguirre says, No, from here we are all going under. We see only the raging river for nearly a minute. Their break is not long. The group quickly begins their trek through the jungle. They begin to make their way through the jungle. On his horse, Pizarro struggles to cut through the branches with his sword; Indians struggle to carry the cannon, sedan and other goods. As they struggle in the mud the Indians are accosted by Aguirre for nearly dropping the sedan carrying one of the lady travelers. The narrator states that the Indians are useless as leaders and are dropping off like flies because of colds caused by the dramatic climate changes. The expedition stops and sets up camp near the river. Pizarro delivers a speech to the entire group. They cannot continue like this- the terrain is too difficult, rations are almost depleted, and they cannot hope of finding a populated area for a long time. As such he has changed his plan. Rafts will be built and manned by 40 men- these men will seek food, information about hostile Indians, and directions to El Dorado. They will have one week to return. If they don't return, they will be assumed dead, and the remainder of the expedition will march back the way they came. Don Pedro de Ursua (Ruy Guerra) will be in charge of the group. His mistress Donna Inez (Helena Rojo) will accompany him. Don Lope de Aguirre will be second in command, his daughter will accompany him. Brother Gaspar de Carvajal (Del Negro) will go to take the word of God to the pagans, and Don Fernando (Peter Berling) will represent the royal house of Spain. Pizarro says no one who wasn't selected should feel rejected. The group sets off on three rafts; each raft is rowed by Indians. The Spanish cast wary looks as they can hear only the raging river and the calls of the birds in the jungle surrounding them. One of the rafts gets stuck in an eddy on the other side of the river. As they are swept about in continuous circles, the remaining two rafts land on the other side of the river. They watch, clustered in a group, shouting and gesturing at the other group. Their advice, however, cannot be heard. Ursua and Aguirre discuss the trapped men. Ursua wants to help the men, but Aguirre disagrees. He does not want to stop to help them. Ursua maintains that he is still the one giving orders. As Ursua walks away Aguirre softly says, Is that so? Ursua walks over to Armando, one of the only men who will stay loyal to him, and instructs him to form a rescue party. He is to take as many men and supplies as he needs and cross the river to retrieve the trapped party. The newly formed rescue group ventures into the jungle to find a point where they can cross the river. The remaining men begin to set up camp, putting up coverings made from trees they've cut down; the women relax, and the horse gets water. Darkness falls and the group is gathered around a campfire. They discuss their trapped comrades. Several shots sound. One asks if they are being signaled, another mentions that perhaps it is a battle. Morning comes and the trapped men are dead. The river is calm now and several of the men, led by the monk, venture curiously into the river. The rescue party has just arrived and looks down at the raft, now full of only dead bodies. One notes that three men are missing- two Indians and a Spaniard. Armando directs the rescue party to return to the main body. Be wary of the Indians, he warns, the jungle is infested. One man in the party lags a few feet behind the others. His foot is caught in a trap and he is silently swept up into a tree. A comrade turns to look for him, and retraces his steps. Blood drops onto his helmet and the leaf in front of him. He looks up, and is terror struck. He turns to catch up with the group and runs screaming, Indians! Help, Help! At the camp Aguirre is unnoticed by Carvajal and Ursua as they walk past. They discuss the burial of the murdered men. Carvajal thinks the men must be buried according to a proper Christian burial. Ursua agrees and allows him to begin preparations for the ceremony. The men have passed. Aguirre calls over Perucho, one of his devotees, and mentions that the cannon is looking rusty. Perucho nods and walks over to the aforementioned cannon. Whispering La, la, la, la, he blows on a ashy light and looks around. Seeing no one he shifts the cannon slightly and ignites it. The raft and the men who were left on it are blown to bits. Inez sits halfway in her sedan and addresses Ursua. She reminds him that he knows who is responsible, and if he is allowed to get away with this- what's next? Ursua nods, but tells her they have bigger problems- Indians- theyre everywhere and no one wants to die like the men on the raft. Aguirre wouldn't rebel against the Spanish crown. Inez is skeptical and reminds him that they are no longer in Castile. Aguirre speaks with his daughter Flores. He found a tiny sloth and shares it with her. It is a little animal that sleeps the entire day. Two Spaniards sleep on rocks at the rivers edge. One awakens with a start to realize that the river has flooded and wakes up his comrade. The narrator begins: the river flooded fifteen feet last night. The rafts were swept away. Men begin scouting wood to build new rafts. Iron is collected to forge nails to help hold it together. Aguirre pulls a lifeless Indian from the water and drops him shortly thereafter. Guzman shakes an Indian, demanding an answer- will he run away if Guzman loosens his chains? He gets no answer from the silent slave. A man walks by. Guzman turns his attention to the passerby and accuses him of taking his pot. The black slave advises a conquistador not to use a tree for the raft. His advice is rejected- the advisee is afraid to venture further into the hostile jungle. As this goes on, Ursua emerges. He asks one man what he is doing, but receives no answer. Another only responds with, everyone is doing it. No one will tell him who ordered them to begin building a raft. Ursua sees Aguirre but says nothing to him. The women observe the men as they work. Flores asks Inez, What does it all mean? Inez tells her to be quiet. It's her father's fault. The men are gathered around Ursua. Ursua speaks: He has decided that they will return to Pizarro. Aguirre is heard in the background, It is not my habit to retreat. Ursua continues: They must hike because the current is too strong. Another declares the plan is suicide- they'll all be killed by Indians! Ursua ignores the interjection- they will return to Pizarro, whatever the cost. Aguirre begins again, Shit on Pizarro- we can conquer without him. Perucho reminds them that this is why they built the rafts this morning. Aguirre calls Cortez to their attention. The great Spanish conquerer only became so renowned because he disregarded his orders. Ursua repeatedly orders Silence! But to no avail. He orders Aguirre put in chains, but is shot in the abdomen. Inez rushes to his side. His loyal Armando draws a sword, but he too is shot. Aguirre orders silence asking if anyone else wishes to join Ursua and Armando. Everyone stands silently. One begins to speak wondering what will happen now? Perhaps there are waterfalls downriver, questions another. What does it matter so long as they get closer to El Dorado, interjects another. Another man notices Ursuas fist is clenched. Surely Ursua will be killed, he mentions, but no one is willing to help him. An Indian plays a flute while Aguirre watches him. Armando is confined to chains in a jail constructed out of tree branches. Inez comforts Ursua. Monk Caspar de Carvajal sits on a rock at the river's edge. Inez approaches him. He is their last hope; Aguirre will kill Ursua and Armando. Carvajal can only console her a little- God is always on the side of the strong. Aguirre approaches Armando's cell. We want you on our side. We need men like you. He circles the cell, thwarting Armando's attempts to avoid his gaze. Think about it- but not too long. Aguirre gathers the men for a speech. They've rid themselves of the troublemakers, now it is time to elect a leader. The choice is clear- Don Fernando de Guzman. Guzman appears confused by the nomination. Perucho immediately set forth a formal proposal among the group to elect Guzman. Aguirre glares at each of the men until they reluctantly raise their hands and the decision is unanimous. Perucho elects Aguirre to remain second in command, the group agrees. Balthasar, one of the Indian slaves, speaks with Flores. He has survived plagues and floods, but what the Spanish have done to him is far worse. They named him Balthasar, his name was Runo Rimac. He was a prince before, and no one could look him in the eye. Now he is a slave like his people were. He feels sorry for Flores though, because there is no escape from this. The men sit and eat. Inez brings Armando some food to eat in his cell. While feeding him through the bars of his jail, Perucho hovers around them taunting them with a steady, la, la, la, la, la. Armando inquires quietly about how Ursua is doing. Inez does not reply. Aguirre rises to address the group again. Their position must be made legal. He orders Gaspar de Carvajal to read a document. Gaspar reads- The article addresses the king. Until yesterday these men considered themselves in the king's service. Fate, Gods Help, and their own work carried them down the river, but now they are 200 miles from Pizarro. Now they will share none of the fruits of their conquest with the Spanish crown. We Rebel Until Death. May our hands perish and our tongues dry up if this is not so. The house of Habsburg is overthrown and Phillip the Second is dethroned. By this declaration you are annihilated. Guzman is king of El Dorado. God Bless. Aguirre seizes the document from Carvajal. He declares that fortune smiles on the brave and spits on the coward. The reluctant King Guzman is shown his throne- merely two pieces of wood with a bit of velvet thrown over it. Scoffing, he asks if this is really to be his throne. Aguirre assures him it is as he forcibly seats him in it. Guzman sits there and begins to tear up. Aguirre inspects the jail cell. Armando has escaped, and the guard is dead. Guzman sits on a bench in the river, washed and massaged by two men. Aguirre comes up behind him and warns that so long as Ursua lives, his life will be in danger. Ursua still has sympathizers within the group. Guzman declares that so long as he is king, law will prevail. There should be a trial. Fine, hisses Aguirre. Try him. Then kill him. Gaspar de Carvajal leads the trial. Perucho testifies that Ursua will say nothing. No one can take what is clenched in his fist, to do so they would have to cut off his hand. Balthasar testifies that he and other Indians have received money from Ursua; Okello testifies that he has received money as well though he is not really sure as to why. Ursua is called on for a defense. Defiant, however, he says nothing. Inez sits next to him. She rises to speak. Back in Spain they paid their servant. Surely they should do the same here, even if they are Indians. Carvajal dismisses her calling her a confused child, no one will hold her testimony against her. Carvajal speaks. He declares that Ursua has been found guilty of treason and will be sentenced to death. Guzman, sitting behind him on a throne confirms the verdict and a confident Aguirre begins to walk away. He turns around, eyes wide and raging, as Guzman begins speaking again. Today is the anniversary of the last moor leaving Spain. He will grant Ursua clemency, but he forfeits all rights as a citizen. His portion will be divided- half for the church, half among the best soldiers. The following day the party continues down the river on their newly built raft. Ursua reclines by Inez, he still refuses to speak, and has begun to lose his vision. It's noon and the party spots a fire on the banks of the river. A village is burning. Aguirre sets up an attack. Okello, the black slave, is stripped save for a loin cloth, so he can scare the Indians. The group lands and, prodded by the Spaniards behind him, Okello reluctantly runs in front of them into the village. The men grab at fruit, and are admonished- they must conquer. King Guzman sits on the edge of a platform eating ripe fruit. As they discover a bucket with human skulls, and a mummy, they realize they are in a village where cannibals lived. Grabbing what little food they can, the disturbed group quickly returns to the raft and begins again to venture down the river. The river comes to a near standstill. Weary adventurers seek refuge under newly built thatched roofs. Inez warns Aguirre as he walks past- She knows his intent to kill Urusa, and God in heaven will punish him for it. Silence falls over the raft as they see Indians on the distant shore. One man is shot and dies. A perturbed Aguirre orders the men to shoot at anything to break the ominous silence. Noting the men are stilled unsettled, Aguirre orders an Indian slave to play the flute for them. Two Indians, a man and a woman, paddle over to the raft in a canoe. The Spaniards are wary of a trap, but pull them up onto the raft. The man explains with Balthasar as a translator that they have long awaited the foretold arrival of the white man with sticks that throw lightning. Guzman listens, but is quickly distracted and focuses only on the gold pendant he rips from the mans neck. They demand to know where the gold came from. The Indian's only answer is that gold is father downriver. Gaspar de Carvajal steps forward to show the pair a Bible. He holds it up explaining that this is the word of God. He hands it to the man, who takes it and, confused, holds it against his ear. He tells the Spaniards that he hears nothing. Accused of blasphemy, he is killed. Carvajal comments that it is difficult to convert these heathens. Given hope the group begins to dream of the riches of El Dorado. Gold abounds, they have governorships, provinces and Okello even dreams of freedom. While tracing out a map Guzman declares that all the land to the left and to the right is the property of El Dorado. Every day they drift his kingdom grows larger. Okello fixes dinner for Guzman- fish stuffed with fruits and cooked over a fire. Upon being served, Guzman whines that he has no salt and holds out his cup as if expecting wine at a fine dinner. The men behind him however, are counting out the last grains they have. Today there are only ten grains per man. The horse is frightened and begins to thrash around kicking and stomping. Angry that his meal was disturbed, Guzman orders the horse off the raft. The men shove the horse off of the raft and ignore its attempt to get back on. The horse swims to the bank and stands on land the raft floats away. Carvajal muses with Perucho, that Guzman is a dead man. The sight of a horse could scare away armies of Indians, and the horse was meat for a week. Shortly thereafter Guzman is found dead just outside the raft's outhouse. Ursuas fate is sealed by Guzman's death. He is taken by Perucho and two others inland via canoe. Here, they find a tree barely able to hold his weight on its spindly branches, hoist him up so they can tie the rope down, and let him hang. Perucho sits on a branch below him and eats while reciting nonsense, waiting for Ursua to die. With all of its remaining members on board the raft keep moving slowly down the river. They approach a new group of Indians who, according to Balthasars translation, shout, Meat, Meat! Meat is floating by! As the Spaniards land, arrows fly. Spaniards shoot at Indians and light the village on fire. Starving men are soon distracted and begin to lick up salt from the ground. Suddenly a beautifully adorned Inez emerges and walks calmly and alone into the jungle. The attack is complete, and Perucho reports to Aguirre. They followed Inez's tracks a half mile into the jungle but saw neither her nor the Indians. The men accompanying him panicked at the silence and returned to the camp. As he reports a voice comes from the background. A man is plotting to return to Pizarro. He has counted the bends in the river and will travel by night and hide by day to avoid the Indians. Aguirre hears the traitor and comments to Perucho that the man speaking is a head taller than himself, and that should soon change. Perucho walks quietly over and slices the oblivious man's head off mid-sentence. Aguirre speaks- he is the greatest traitor, there will be no greater. The earth bows to his will. Anyone who attempts to leave will die. The group returns to the raft to continue downstream. As they float along, two more men are picked off by the arrows of Indians. Gaspar de Carvajal speaks with Aguirre about morale. They see nothing but death but never see their enemy. Perhaps even El Dorado is an illusion. Aguirre, however, will not have it. Mexico was no illusion, and if they give up then someone else will come along later and take it. Power and Fame are riches as well. Carvajal muses that Aguirre is leading them to their destruction- perhaps even doing so intentionally. Weeks later unbearable suffering is rampant among the men. Many are struck with fever and hallucinations due to hunger and illness. Okello sees a ship with sails in a tree. Carvajal dismisses this as a hallucination. Aguirre, however, is convinced that they will retrieve the ship and go to the Atlantic. Carvajal dares to defy him- the men are sick and near dying. They will not go with Aguirre. Okello is struck by an arrow, then Carvajal. They believe, however, that these are illusions and don't move. Flores walks to the edge of the raft and is struck by an arrow as she looks into the trees in front of her. Aguirre walks over and takes her in his arms. She dies quietly and motionless in Aguirres arms. Monkeys suddenly appear all over the raft and Aguirre follows them around the raft. He speaks- He will reach the Atlantic, take Trinidad from Spain, and Mexico from Cortez. They will have all of New Spain. He will marry his own daughter and found a pure dynasty. They will rule the entire continent together and endure. The film closes with Aguirre being the only person clearly alive. The camera circles him until the credits roll.
tt0097027
Crime,Drama,War
The story is presented as a flashback from the point of view of Max Eriksson (Michael J.Fox) as he sits on a subway train in 1974. A young Vietnamese woman gets on the train. Eriksson looks at her with a haunted expression as he remembers his experiences in the Vietnam War. In November 1966 a group of US soldiers are on patrol in the jungle when they are suddenly attacked by the Vietcong. During the attack, the ground cracks open beneath Eriksson and he becomes trapped in the hole, part of a tunnel system below the jungle. Sergeant Tony Meserve (Sean Penn) saves his life by pulling him out and shooting a Vietcong who is preparing to stab him. The next morning, Eriksson, Meserve and the rest of their squad, Corporal Thomas Clark (Don Harvey), Private Hatcher (John C.Reilly), PFC Brown (Erik King), are taking a break in a river village in the Central Highlands. Suddenly Brown (Erik King) is shot in the neck. The soldiers manage to fend off the attack, and Brown is taken to the hospital by helicopter. However when the squad arrive at Wolfcamp base, Meserve tells them that he has died. Later that night, the squad get ready for a night out but are refused entry into a brothel by an MP. Already frustrated, Meserve becomes even more infuriated when he finds out that they have had their leave cut short and have to get back out in the field. Private Antonio Diaz (John Leguizamo) arrives as Brown's replacement. Meserve tells his men about their next assignment and says that he plans to kidnap a girl for their own amusement -- Meserve attempts to legalize the kidnapping by saying they'll "requisition" her. Eriksson tells his friend Rowan (Jack Gwaltney), about his concerns but Rowan assures him that Meserve is obviously joking. The squad arrive at a village and kidnap Than Tai Oahn (Thuy Thu Lei) in front of her mother and sister. Meserve tells Eriksson that they are going to have some fun with the girl when they arrive at their outpost. Eriksson and Diaz are both opposed to the idea and Eriksson tells Meserve that there's no way he's going to participate in rape. Meserve tries his best to get Eriksson to take part, even making threats on his life but he stands his ground against his superior officers. Diaz refuses to go against his comrades, and takes part to avoid been an outcast in the group. Infuriated, Eriksson is ready to help Oahn when Clark puts a knife to his throat and tells him to go on security for the night. Hatcher keeps his gun pointed at him as he walks away to make sure he doesn't try anything. Eriksson sits on watch, helpless and horrified, as he witnesses his comrades take turns with Oahn in the hut. Later on the squad have to take position on a railroad bridge overlooking a Vietcong river supply depot. Eriksson and Hatcher return to the outpost to collect some more ammunition. Clark wants in on the action and tells Eriksson to stay with the girl, while he goes off with Hatcher. Eriksson fully realizes how severe Oahn's abuse has been. She is weak, cut, bruised ,dehydrated and sick. He gives her some food and water. Meserve is furious when Clark and Hatcher arrives without Eriksson. He tells him to get back to the outpost and collect him and the girl. Eriksson is just about to leave the outpost with Oahn, and get her to safety when he realizes that it will make him a deserter. Seeing how desperate the girl is for him to go with her, he decides to go, but just as they are about to escape, Clark arrives and stops them. On the railroad, the squad are watching and waiting to attack. Oahn is coughing and, realizing she could give them away, Meserve tells Eriksson to kill her. He refuses. He asks Hatcher to do it but he pleads that he doesn't want to. Clark sees some helicopters approaching, and Meserve desperately orders Diaz to kill her. With Meserve goading him on, Diaz prepares to stab her, when Eriksson fires in the air to get the attention of the Vietcong in order to save her life. As the shootout takes place, Clark stabs her a few times but Eriksson is so occupied taking enemies out with his rifle that he doesn't notice. The situation becomes desperate when the Vietcong move mortars up the river and begin lobbing shells onto the bridge. Meserve manages to take them out with a machine gun. Oahn, bleeding profusely from the stab wounds, slowly gets up and tries to make her escape. Meserve orders the squad to shoot her. Eriksson tries to intervene, but Meserve knocks him down with his gun. The squad shoot Oahn dead and her body falls off the bridge. Meserve leads his men away from the scene. As Eriksson slowly falls unconscious from the head injury dealt by Meserve, helicopters approach and they fire missiles, hitting the riverboat the Vietcong were using. In the course of the explosion, a passing U.S Navy boat catches fire and the crewmen are killed. Eriksson is carried out by an helicopter and wakes up in hospital. He tells Rowan about the kidnapping, rape and murder of Oahn. Rowan tells him to go and talk to Lt.Reilly (Ving Rhames). Reilly gives him a long-winded reply about how the incident could affect the operational record of his unit and suggests it's best to just forget the incident. Desperate to see justice done, Eriksson jeopardizes his military career and goes over Reilly's head and informs Captain Hill (Dale Dye) about the matter. Hill tries to talk him out of pursuing the matter by telling him that the soldiers won't get much of a sentence if they are convicted and that they could make life very difficult for Eriksson and his family when they are released. Not realizing that Eriksson has already informed the superiors, Clark tries to kill him with a grenade. Eriksson suspects something when he sees Hatcher at the door of the latrine and he greets the unseen Clark and then runs away. Eriksson sees the grenade and jumps out of the latrine just before it explodes. Eriksson confronts Meserve and attacks Clark with a shovel to the head. He tells them that everyone already knows what they've done and that nobody in authority wanted to listen to him anyway. At the bar, Eriksson drowns his sorrows and pours his heart out to a Chaplain. An investigation begins and Oahn's body is discovered, Captain Hill telling Eriksson that his actions will have consequences because he couldn't leave the situation alone. The soldiers are court-martialed. Meserve is sentenced to 10 years hard labor, Diaz is sentenced to 8 years hard labor, Hatcher is sentenced to 15 years hard labor and Clark is sentenced to hard labor for life. As they exit the court, Meserve leans over in Eriksson's ear and whispers something inaudible with a crazed look in his eyes. Eriksson wakes up from his flashback on the train, deeply haunted. The train reaches the next stop, and the Vietnamese woman, who reminds him of Oahn, gets off. Noticing the woman left her scarf behind, he grabs it and gets off the train to return it to her as she walks up to street level to Mission Dolores Park in San Francisco. The Vietnamese girl notes Eriksson's haunted expression and comfortingly tells him that his bad dream is over now.
tt0107322
Drama,History
St. Louis, Missouri. 1933 At the height of the Great Depression, eighth grade student Aaron Kurlander (Jesse Bradford) presents a writing assignment about his hero, pilot Charles Lindbergh who flew solo across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927. After school, Aaron chastises his younger brother, Sullivan (Cameron Boyd), for attempting to steal another child's dessert. At the fleabag Empire Hotel where they live, Sullivan begs Aaron to teach him how to play marbles, and the older boy reluctantly gives him a few to practice with. Upstairs, the boys return to their room to learn that Sullivan will be sent to stay with their uncle until their father, Eric (Jeroen Krabbé), can get a job selling watches and save enough money to move into an apartment. Back at school, Aaron saves wealthy student Billy Thompson (Chris Samples) from being bullied by challenging the tormentors to a game of marbles. He easily defeats them, and Billy invites Aaron to his house in a gesture of gratitude. There, Billy shows Aaron his collection of canaries and offers him a female to mate with his own bird, Skippy. Reluctant to admit his father's lowly profession, Aaron tells Billy and his mother, Mrs. Thompson, that he flies airplanes for the government. At school, Aaron's teacher, Miss Mathey (Karen Allen), notices that the Kurlander's address is no longer current and asks the boy for his new residence. Again reluctant and embarrassed to tell the truth that his family is homeless and residing in a hotel, Aaron provides a false location and name, claiming that his father works for the government, but Miss Mahey learns the truth when she follows him home. Later, Mrs. Kurlander (Lisa Eichhorn) reveals that she must return to a sanitarium for treatment of her worsening tuberculosis. Over the weekend, Aaron joins his older friend, Lester Silverstone (Adrian Brody), working as a golf caddie, but the job does not go well and Lester tells him to return home. At the hotel, a shy neighbor teenage girl named Ella McShane (Amber Benson) invites Aaron over for food and asks him to dance to some radio music, but she suddenly collapses in an epileptic fit. That evening, with his mother away, Aaron prepares tomato soup for himself and his father using ketchup and hot water. One afternoon, Aaron recruits Lester to help him move his father's illegally parked car before the inquisitive Patrolman Burns (John McConnell) has it ticketed. Once Lester pushes the vehicle, Aaron fails to pump the brakes and it rolls down a steep street, narrowly avoiding a boys' stick-ball game and oncoming traffic. Lester catches up with him when the car finally stops, and the boys return to the hotel. Mr. Kurlander announces he has taken a job as a traveling watch salesman, forcing him to miss Aaron's junior high school graduation the upcoming week. Now completely alone, Aaron is without food and decides to sell his newly-hatched canaries to a pet store. Although he expects to earn $3 per bird, the pet shop owner claims the brood consists of only females, which are deemed worthless because they cannot sing, and only gives him 50 cents. Using his last fifty cents, Aaron buys a kitten for Ella, who is recovering from another seizure. At school, he steals a sandwich from a gluttonous boy, prompting the wealthy Christina Sebastian (Katherine Heigl) to invite him to her graduation dinner after Billy Thompson's party. Upon realizing that his only suit jacket is too small, Lester takes Aaron to the storage room, where they steal items that have been repossessed from former tenants. On the day of the graduation, Aaron dresses in his new suit and Ella kisses him goodbye before her family moves to Illinois so she can get better treatment for her epilepsy. During the ceremony, he is shocked to be the recipient of an award for demonstrating good character. Afterward, at Billy's party, Aaron invents an elaborate excuse for why his parents did not attend graduation, and gossip quickly spreads. Aaron overhears a peer calling him a "charity case" who receives special treatment from the teachers. When Billy confronts him about his lies, Aaron flees the party and returns home to the hotel. At the Empire Hotel, Aaron discovers an eviction notice under the door because his father has failed to pay the rent. Although sympathetic, the hotel owner insists the bank will throw the Kurlanders out within three days. Aaron visits the sanitarium and yells up to his mother in her cell, but is unable to tell her the bad news. On his way home, he spots a former Empire Hotel resident now living in a nearby Hooverville (shanty town). Desperate, he visits his neighbor, Mr. Mungo, offering to sell his cigar band collection. Mr. Mungo understands Aaron's predicament and offers to speak to the hotel owner on his behalf. Later, Aaron forges a letter to his uncle requesting that Sullivan be sent home. The next morning, Aaron awakens to the sounds of a riot as the police raid the impoverished camps set up outside. Lester is arrested, but gives Aaron a prized pocketknife. Aaron rushes back inside before the hotel's malicious bellhop prematurely locks him out of his room. When Mr. Mungo leaves Aaron a note containing a new cigar band for his collection, Aaron attempts to thank him, but notices water and blood oozing from under his neighbor's door. He walks into the apartment and discovers that Mr. Mungo has slit his wrists in a suicide. After finishing the last of his stale dinner rolls, Aaron arranges magazine images of food on a plate and eats them. Later, he becomes ill and hallucinates the traumatizing events of the past few weeks. When he recovers, he curses his father and falls asleep again, only to be awakened by Sullivan knocking at the door. The boys tearfully hug and gorge on Sullivan's food that he brought with him until their father unexpectedly arrives. Overjoyed to see them, he announces that he got a new job as a clerk for the Works Progress Administration, which pays a $65 monthly salary. Mr. Kurlander suggests he avoid paying the outstanding hotel bill of $174 by leaving their belongings behind when they move to their new apartment, but Aaron refuses. He and Sullivan lower their suitcases out the window with a rope, packing everything but the suit Aaron and Lester stole, into their car. Sneaking into the basement storage room, Aaron retrieves a box of watercolor paints to return to the evicted tenant now living in the shanty down. While still in the basement, Aaron also locks all of the padlocks that the bellhop uses to lock deadbeat tenants out of their rooms and throws away the keys, leaving the padlocks useless. In the final scene, after Mr. Kurlander picks up his recovering wife from the sanitarium, the reunited family moves into their spacious new apartment at the Carleton Court.
tt0318974
Drama,History,War
The film begins in March 1836 in the Mexican State of Coahuila y Tejas town of San Antonio de Bexar (now Downtown San Antonio in the U.S. state of Texas), site of the Alamo, where bodies of Texan defenders and Mexican attackers are strewn over the Alamo. The film then flashes back to a year earlier. Sam Houston (Dennis Quaid) attends a party where he tries to persuade people to migrate to Texas. He meets with David Crockett (Billy Bob Thornton), recently defeated for reelection to Congress. Houston explains to Crockett that as an immigrant to Texas, Crockett will receive 640 acres of his own choosing. Crockett, with a grin, pointedly asks Houston whether this new republic is going to need a president. Meanwhile, in San Felipe, Texas, the Texas provisional government is meeting to discuss what action to take after the recent capture by the Texans of the Alamo and Bexar from Mexican forces at the first Battle of San Antonio de Bexar. Texas having rebelled against Mexico and its dictatorial president Santa Anna, who is personally leading an army to retake the Alamo, the Texan War Party calls for the Texas army to depart Bexar, cross into Mexico and confront Mexican forces at the town of Matamoros. The Opposition Party seeks to rebuild the Texan army and establish a permanent government to be recognized by other nations of the world. The provisional government votes out Sam Houston as commander of the Texas army. While having drinks with Jim Bowie later, the disgusted Houston tells Bowie to go to San Antonio and destroy the Alamo. William Barret Travis (Patrick Wilson) is also in San Felipe, reporting for duty. His character is quickly established as a man who seeks respect as a uniformed military officer, a lieutenant colonel in the Texas Army. Interlaced scenes show him granting his wife a divorce (for his adultery, abandonment, and "barbarous treatment"), and seeking to begin a new life in Texas. The Texas provisional government orders him to take command of the Alamo. There he meets Col. James Neill (Brandon Smith), who informs him that Travis will be in command of the Texas Army regulars while Neill is away on leave. Travis is alarmed that the Alamo's small force cannot withstand the Mexican Army which is rumored to have thousands of foot soldiers, plus the formidable Mexican cavalry. Again he sends a rider to deliver his plea for reinforcements. As small groups of Texans arrive, Travis oversees defense preparations, hoping that enough reinforcements will arrive before the inevitable attack. Crockett arrives in San Antonio, where he tells a crowd, "I told them folks you'all can go to hell, I'm going to Texas'". He is told that the other defenders are impatient for Santa Anna to arrive now that Crockett is on hand to fight alongside them to which a puzzled Crockett replies, "I understood the fighting was over... Ain't it?" Santa Anna (Emilio Echevarría) soon arrives in San Antonio, much to the surprise of the Texan fighters, who were not expecting the Mexican Army to arrive until late March or early April. The Texans retire to the Alamo compound despite its vulnerability, and begin fortifying it as best they can. Amid the chaos Travis writes letters asking for reinforcements. Only a couple dozen men arrive to join them. Santa Anna's army surrounds the Alamo compound and the siege begins. Bowie leaves the Alamo to meet with Mexican General Manuel Castrillón (Castulo Guerra) to talk things over before matters get out of hand; however, an incensed Travis fires the 18-pound cannon on the south-west wall, thus cutting short Bowie's impromptu attempt at diplomacy. This virtually ends the chance to forestall the Mexican attack and Bowie returns to tell Travis that Santa Anna has offered surrender at discretion. Travis offers all within the Alamo an opportunity to leave. Almost to a man the defenders decide to stay and fight to the end. At least one woman remains, Mrs. Susanna Dickinson (Laura Clifton), whose husband, Lt. Almeron Dickinson (Stephen Bruton), has decided to stay. Bowie becomes debilitating ill and is bedridden in one of the buildings. For the next several nights the Mexican Army band serenades the Texans with the "Degüello" (slit throat), followed by an artillery bombardment of the surrounded compound. Convinced that the Texans will not leave the Alamo, Santa Anna orders a blood-red signal flag to be raised, the sign for "no quarter". The flag is visible also to the Alamo's defenders, who know its meaning. On the early morning hours of March 6, 1836, Crockett, having stayed awake through the night, checks the walls and notices the approaching Mexican army. The Texans are awakened by his first shot and begin rushing to their posts. The Texans also hear the battle cry of the Mexican soldiers: "Viva Santa Anna!" After a long, brutal battle the Mexicans, despite taking heavy casualties, breach the north wall of the mission where Travis is killed, shot in the head by a young Mexican soldier. A small group of Mexican engineers, armed with axes and crowbars, assault and break down the boarded-up doors and windows of the west wall, while another small group storms the southwest wall. The few surviving Texans fall back to the buildings, where they are all killed. Attackers discover the bedridden Bowie in his room, where he fires his pistols and attempts to fight with his knife, but is swiftly bayoneted to death. Crockett and the last four defenders retreat into the church where they fight their last stand. The Mexican soldiers use the captured Texan cannons to blow down the front gate to the church and storm in. Crockett is taken prisoner. In a final act of defiance, he mockingly offers to lead Santa Anna and the Mexican Army to Sam Houston in order to ensure the farmers' safety; Santa Anna thereupon angrily orders Crockett to be executed and he is bayoneted to death. Days later, after hearing that the Alamo has been taken, Houston, once again in command of the remnants of the Texan army, orders a general retreat eastward. His army and the families of most of the soldiers flee. They are pursued by the victorious Mexican Army, led by the confident Santa Anna. (Historians call this near-panic flight the "Runaway Scrape".) However, against the advice of his officers, Santa Anna decides to split his army in an attempt to catch the retreating Texans, leaving only a few hundred men to defend him. A few weeks later, Houston halts his retreat near the San Jacinto River (east of the future site of the City of Houston), where he decides to face the Mexicans in a final stand. On the afternoon of April 21, 1836, with the support of two cannons and a small group of mounted "Tejanos"), Houston surprises Santa Anna's army during its afternoon siesta. During the ensuing short rout (called by the victors the Battle of San Jacinto), the vengeful Texans massacre at least seven hundred Mexican soldiers and capture General Santa Anna, whose identity is given away when Mexican prisoners respond to his presence by reverently rising to their feet. Santa Anna surrenders to the wounded Houston, and in exchange for his life agrees to order all Mexican troops to withdraw from Texas and to accept Texan independence, despite the Texans wanting to hang him as revenge for the Alamo. The last scene in the movie shows the spirit of Crockett playing his fiddle on the top of the Alamo and then looking out on the horizon.
tt0080180
Adventure,Drama,History
The film is set in British South Africa, in the province of Natal, in January 1879. The first half of the film revolves around the administrators and officials of Cape Colony, notably the supremely arrogant Lord Chelmsford (Peter O'Toole) and the scheming Sir Henry Bartle Frere (John Mills), who both wish to crush the neighbouring Zulu Empire, which is perceived as a threat to Cape Colony's emerging industrial economy. Bartle Frere issues an impossible ultimatum to the Zulu king, Cetshwayo (Simon Sabela), demanding that he dissolve the Zulu Empire. Cetshwayo refuses, providing Cape Colony with a pretext to invade Zululand. Despite objections from leading members of Cape Colony's high society and from Great Britain itself, Bartle Frere authorises Lord Chelmsford to lead a British invasion force into Zululand. The second half of the film focuses on the British invasion of Zululand and the lead-up to the climatic Battle of Isandlwana. The invading British army, laden with an immense network of supply wagons, invades Zululand and marches in the direction of Ulundi, the Zulu capital. British forces, eager to fight a large battle in which they can unleash their cutting-edge firearm military technology against the vast Zulu army, become increasingly frustrated as the main Zulu army refuses to attack the British, and fighting is restricted to a few small skirmishes between British and Zulu scouts. Concerned that their supply lines are becoming overstretched and that the main Zulu army is still at large, British troops begin torturing captive Zulu warriors in an effort to learn the location and tactics of the Zulu army. Halfway to Ulundi, Chelmsford halts his army at the base of Mount Isandhlwana, ignoring the advice of Boer attendants to entrench the camp and laager the supply wagons, leaving the camp dangerously exposed. During the night, Colonel Durnford (Burt Lancaster) and an escort of 50 mounted Basutos approach the camp. Lord Chelmsford then orders Durnford to return to his unit, bringing them to the camp immediately to reinforce Colonel Pulleine (Denholm Elliott). Lt. Vereker (Simon Ward) should join Durnford as aide-de-camp. Reacting to false intelligence, Chelmsford leads half of the British army, including the best infantry, cavalry and artillery units, on a wild goose chase far from the camp, in pursuit of a phantom Zulu army. On the day of battle (January 22), Durnford and his troops are arriving at 11:00 a.m. at the camp at Isandlwana. Meanwhile, the Zulu captives escape their torturers and regroup with the Zulu army, informing them of the British army's direction and strength. After having lunch with Colonel Pulleine and Lt. Vereker, Durnford quickly decides to send Vereker to scout the hills. Durnford then decides to take his own command out from the camp too, and scout the iNyoni heights. The entire Zulu army is later discovered by men of Lt. Vereker's troop of scouts, who chase a number of Zulu herdsmen, trying to hurry away their cattle, only to discover the main Zulu enemy force of thousands at the bottom of a valley. Lt. Vereker then sends Lt. Raw to warn the camp that it is about to be attacked. As Zulu impis descend upon the camp, Durnford's cavalry retreat to a donga in an effort to hold back the Zulu advance. Forced back, the British take heavy casualties, including the battery of Congreve rockets, which is overrun by the Zulus. Initially, the British infantry succeed in defending the camp, and Zulu forces retreat under a hail of artillery and small arms fire. British units defending the camp are now becoming dangerously spread-out, and are oblivious to Zulu forces moving round the sides of the mountain in an encircling move. As British infantrymen begin to run out of ammunition and the British cavalry are driven back towards the camp, Zulu warriors charge the British troops en masse, sustaining horrific casualties, but succeed in breaking the British lines. As British troops break and flee towards the camp, the battle breaks down into hand-to-hand fighting between British soldiers and Zulu warriors, amongst the débris of tents, fallen soldiers and supply wagons. Overwhelmed by the sheer number of Zulu warriors, British soldiers and their African allies are slaughtered in the camp, some being cut down as they attempt to flee back towards Natal. Colour-Sergeant-Major Williams (Bob Hoskins) sees many of his redcoated men being cut down by Zulu spears. Williams is stabbed in the back by a spear while attempting to save the life of one of his young soldiers, and having killed several Zulu soldiers with his bayonet after he runs out of ammo, dies at the hands of a large band of Zulus. As the British forces break apart, the one-armed Durnford becomes trapped in the camp. Hoping to save his men, Durnford orders his African cavalrymen to retreat. Remaining on foot at the battlefield, Durnford is killed alongside his infantrymen. During the last minutes of the battle, Colonel Pulleine entrusts the Queen's Colours of the 2nd battalion, 24th Regiment of Foot to two junior officers, Lts. Melvill (James Sebastian Faulkner) and Coghill (Christopher Cazenove), who attempt to carry them to safety in Natal, passing gruesome scenes as Zulu warriors hunt down British and African infantrymen attempting to flee across the river. While crossing the Buffalo River, the three lieutenants are cut down by Zulus. Coghill accompanies Melvill in his attempt to gallop the Union Flag back towards Natal. When Melvill nearly drowns while trying to cross the Buffalo River, Coghill turns to help him, and is ambushed by Zulu warriors. Coghill attempts to defend himself with his revolver, but is killed. Melvill is assegaied by Zulu warriors while defending the flag. The Colours (a Union Flag embroidered with the Regiment's insignia) are captured. In his dying moments, Vereker shoots and kills the Zulu wielding the Colours, and the Colours fall gracefully into the river, where they are carried out of reach. Vereker's fate remains unknown (though it is implied that he too gets killed). Seeing the battle lost, Pulleine returns to his tent to pen a last letter to his wife. He is discovered by one of the escaped Zulu prisoners and, unwilling to kill the young soldier, the elderly Pulleine allows himself to be killed in his tent by the Zulu and other warriors that storm in. In the evening, Chelmsford and the rest of the British army return to Isandlwana, to be greeted by the sight of their slaughtered comrades, and the news that a mass Zulu army has invaded Natal and laid siege to Rorke's Drift. Charles L. Norris-Newman (Ronald Lacey), a war correspondent for 'The Standard' also views the devastation (having accompanyed Chelmsford's expecition and so avoid the battle/massacre. The film ends with Zulu warriors in a silhouetted victory procession, dragging captured British artillery back to Ulundi.
tt0082517
Comedy,History
The film is a parody of the historical spectacular film genre anthology, including the sword and sandal epic and the period costume drama subgenres. The four main segments consist of stories set during the Stone Age, the Roman Empire, the Spanish Inquisition, and the French Revolution. Other intermediate skits include reenactments of the giving of the Ten Commandments and the Last Supper. The Stone Age A group of cavemen (including Sid Caesar) depict the invention of fire, the first marriages, the first artist (which in turn gives rise to the first critic), and early attempts at comedy and music, by smashing each other's feet with rocks and thus creating an orchestra of screams (until performing Handel's "Hallelujah Chorus" at the end). The Old Testament Moses (Mel Brooks) is shown coming down from Mount Sinai carrying three stone tablets after receiving the Law from God (the voice of an uncredited Carl Reiner). When announcing the giving of the reception of the law to the people, Moses proclaims, The Lord Jehovah has given unto you these fifteen... (whereupon he drops one of the tablets, which promptly shatters) Oy... ten! TEN Commandments! For all to obey! The Roman Empire Comicus (Brooks again), a stand-up philosopher, is notified by his agent Swiftus (Ron Carey) that he has landed a gig at Caesar's palace. En route to the palace Comicus meets and falls in love with a Vestal Virgin named Miriam (Mary-Margaret Humes) and befriends an Ethiopian slave named Josephus (Gregory Hines). Josephus' life is spared when he is conscripted into the service of the Empress Nympho (Madeline Kahn). In ancient Roman culture, Miriam could have freed Josephus just by touching him, because she was a vestal virgin. Comicus' arrival at Caesar's palace was filmed at the Caesars Palace hotel in Las Vegas. At the Palace, Emperor Nero (Dom DeLuise) gorges on food, ogles pretty maidens and waits to be entertained. Comicus forgets his audience and begins to crack insulting one-liners about the emperor's abundant body contours and corrupt ways. Josephus absentmindedly pours a jug of wine into Nero's lap and is ordered to fight Comicus to the death in a gladiatorial manner. They fight their way out of the palace, assisted in their escape by Miriam, Empress Nympho and a horse named Miracle. After Miriam helps Comicus, Josephus and Swiftus briefly find refuge in Empress Nympho's home, Josephus is "outed" among a row of eunuchs after "reacting" to a seductive dancer's performance, and the group is chased by Roman soldiers led by Marcus Vindictus (Shecky Greene). As the soldiers gain on the group's cart (pulled by Miracle), Josephus instructs them to pull over in a field and requests lots of papyrus. He takes "Roman Red" marijuana which is growing alongside the road and rolls it into the papyrus, forming a device he calls Mighty Joint, sets fire to it and mounts it to the back of their chariot, trailing smoke into the chasing army. The resulting smoke confuses and incapacitates the trailing Roman army. The escaping group then sets sail from the port to Judea. While waiting tables at a restaurant, Comicus blunders into a private room where the Last Supper is taking place, as Jesus is telling the apostles "One of you has betrayed me tonight". The Apostles are asking "Who?". Comicus says "JUDAS." Judas, startled, almost jumps out of his seat as Comicus replies "Do you want a beverage?", and interrupting Jesus (John Hurt) repeatedly (using his name as an expression for dismay or concern, right in front of him). Eventually, Leonardo da Vinci (Art Metrano) arrives to paint the groups portrait. Dissatisfied that he can only see the backs of half of their heads, he has them move to one side of the table and paints them with Comicus behind Jesus, holding a silver plate which doubles as a halo. The Spanish Inquisition The Spanish Inquisition segment is performed in the style of a grandiose Busby Berkeley production. The segment is one long song-and-dance number featuring Brooks as the infamous Torquemada. The segment opens with a herald introducing Torquemada and making a play on his name, noting that despite the pleas for mercy from the condemned, that you "can't Torquemada anything" (talk him outta anything). Several instances of "comical" torture are shown including a spinning iron maiden and "water torture" re-imagined as an Esther Williams-style aquatic ballet with nuns. Jackie Mason and Ronny Graham have cameos in this scene as Jewish torture victims. The French Revolution In the tavern of Madame Defarge (Cloris Leachman) she incites a mob to plot the French Revolution. Meanwhile, King Louis of France (Brooks again) is warned by his advisors, Count de Monet (played by Harvey Korman and mistakenly called "Count da Money" by the king and others) and his associate Béarnaise (Andreas Voutsinas), that the peasants do not think he likes them a suspicion reinforced by the king's use of peasants as clay pigeons in a murderous (and humorous) game of skeet. A beautiful woman, Mademoiselle Rimbaud (Pamela Stephenson), asks King Louis to free her father, who has been imprisoned in the Bastille for 10 years because he said "the poor ain't so bad." He agrees to the pardon under the condition that she have sex with him that night, while threatening that should she refuse, her father will die. He then gives her 10 seconds to decide between "hump or death" and at the last second she agrees to "hump". De Monet manages to convince the king that the revolution is building and he needs to go into hiding, so they will need a stand-in to pretend to be him. Thus Jacques (also Brooks), the garçon de pisse (a.k.a. "piss-boy"), is chosen to impersonate the real king. Later that night, Mlle Rimbaud, unaware of the subterfuge, arrives and offers herself to the piss-boy who is dressed as the king. As she invites him to take her virginity, he pardons her father without requiring the sexual favors. After Mlle Rimbaud and her senile father (Spike Milligan) return from the prison, the peasants burst into the room and capture the piss-boy king and Mlle Rimbaud. They are taken to the guillotine for the crimes committed by the crown. When asked if he would like a blindfold or any last words, Jacques declines. However, when they test the guillotine, Jacques make a final request for Novocain. The executioner declares "there is no such thing known to medical science", to which Jacques replies "I'll wait". Just as Jacques is about to be beheaded Mlle Rimbaud muses that "only a miracle can save him now", and Josephus arrives in a cart pulled by Miracle, the horse from the film's Roman Empire segment. They all escape Paris, riding away in the cart. The last shot is of the party approaching a mountain carved with the words: THE END. Previews of coming attractions The end of the film presents a teaser trailer for History of the World, Part II, narrated by Brooks, which promises to include Hitler on Ice, a Viking funeral, and Jews in Space, a parody of Star Wars set to music (whose tune would later be recycled for the title song of Brooks' Robin Hood: Men in Tights an actual, separate Brooks parody of sci-fi films would come along six years later, focusing primarily on Star Wars and including numerous Jewish jokes). Despite the preview, no sequel has been released, and the Part I of the films title is merely a historical joke. (The History of the World was a book about the ancient history of Greece and Rome, written by Sir Walter Raleigh while prisoner in the Tower of London; he had only managed to complete the first volume before being beheaded).
tt1566501
Drama,History,War
In the exhilarating action epic FOR GREATER GLORY, an impassioned group of men and women make the decision to risk it all for family, faith and country. This film unfolds the (hidden) true story of 1920´s Cristeros War. As General Gorostieta (Andy García), a retired militar who witness with his family the fall of Mexico into a violent civil war, begins his transition from the most hesitating man into the most inspiring and self-sacrifice leader of the ragtag resistance army. Gorostieta starts noticing the personal struggle his men faced due to religious persecution, transforming a ragtag band of rebels into a heroic force. In the middle of this transition, Gorostieta discovers how courage and belief are forged even when justice seems lost.
tt1092082
Drama,History,Romance
Set during the height of the First World War, Passchendaele tells the story of Sergeant Michael Dunne (Paul Gross), a soldier who is brutally wounded in France and returns to Calgary emotionally and physically scarred. While in the military hospital in Calgary, he meets Sarah (Caroline Dhavernas), a mysterious and attractive nurse with whom he develops a passionate love. When Sarah's younger asthmatic brother David (Joe Dinicol) signs up to fight in Europe, Michael feels compelled to return to Europe to protect him. Michael and David, like thousands of Canadians, are sent to fight in the third battle of Ypres, a battle against impossible odds, commonly known as "Passchendaele". It is a story of passion, courage and dedication, showing the heroism of those that fought in battle, and of the ones that loved them.
tt0089913
Adventure,Drama,History
Opening scene is a yelling, rioting mob in a heavy rain shower in New York City. They are tearing down a statue of the King of England. Tom Dobb and his young son Ned are sailing into the harbor in a small boat, carrying furs. An expensive carriage can barely get through the crowds. Inside the carriage are a wealthy mother, Mrs. McConnahay, and her daughters, who are young women. A man tosses several pages of paper into the carriage window shouting, "The Declaration of Independence!" One of the daughters, Daisy, begins to read it, but her angry mother takes it away and wads it up, telling Daisy to ignore the "scum" in the streets. As Tom pulls his boat up to the dock, the mob, including Daisy, who has joined them, demand he give them the boat and cargo. Tom and Ned resist, but the mob storms aboard, seizing the boat and furs. He is given a 'note' for payment for the boat, but now he and his son are homeless and without money or any possessions. As Tom goes into a big hall full of yelling, angry men to find out about his boat, he tells Ned to wait outside. Inside, a man on a balcony tells the crowd that all the money has gone to war, but the crowd is furious, all of them waving notes for their seized possessions. The man tells them that Mr. McConnahay, a wealthy man standing beside him, will pay them back with gold after the British are defeated. . When Tom goes back outside, he discovers that his son has signed up with the United States Continental Army as a drummer in exchange for five shillings and a promise of land at the end of the war. Tom argues with the recruiter, offering the money back and begging him not to take his son, who is the last of his family, but the recruiters will not let Ned out of military service, so Tom is forced to join the Army as well, to stay with his son and protect him. Tom and Ned get their guns and provisions and are immediately loaded on one of many boats full of soldiers. None of them wear uniforms, but just wear their own clothes. The crowd on the dock wave them off, cheering and yelling, "Liberty!" Daisy volunteers for the Patriots' cause by bringing supplies to a battlefield medical tent, and she is needed to assist a surgeon cutting off a woman's leg with a saw, while the woman screams. All around the tents are vast fields of yellow flowering weeds. Daisy walks through the tall weeds, looking for soldiers to feed. She finds Tom and Ned lying in the fields, gives them food, and draws close to Tom as she asks him what the battle was like. Tom tells her that the battle was beneath the Brooklyn Heights, that they never saw the enemy, but were torn apart by their cannons and chain shot and they lost the battle. Daisy cries because she is so moved emotionally that Tom would fight for the cause of freedom. At least half a dozen men on horses gallop up suddenly, yelling for all the men lying in the fields to get up and fall into rank, and the scene closes showing long lines of men marching out as several women watch. Back home in New York, Daisy overhears a business meeting her father, Mr. Mconnahay, is having with several men. She hears him say that he is happy the Continentals lost the battle because soon the British army will occupy New York and his company will make a lot of money by selling them food including spoiled goods. Daisy demands that her father give some food to the Rebels. He admonishes her about her youthful idealism, and tells her it doesn't matter who wins, as long as he and their family are on the right side. He tells her he'll give 50 barrels of food to the Rebels, but after she leaves, he tells his clerk to revise the number down to 10. Next scene shows Tom and Ned, along with the Continental Army, preparing for battle with the Red Coats. They are all getting behind cover to hide, such as trees, rocks, and brush, wearing brown and tan clothing. The British meanwhile march toward them in straight lines, right out in the open, in the old fashioned European style, and they have far more numbers than the Continentals. Their uniforms are clean and new, and their equipment is obviously superior to that of the Continentals. Drummer boys and flutists play as they march. As the British march toward them, the Rebels open fire, shooting down many, but the British never break ranks. Finally they stop marching and shoot in unison. The Americans are badly massacred and retreat. Survivors of the barrage fall back to a second line of defense, then flee as the British chase them with bayonets and lances. Tom engages with British major Peasy who is using a lance and disarms Tom from his rifle and bayonet and later from an American his son has rescued. Still moving away from the battlefield afterward, the Continental troops are scattered, and Tom tells Ned they are going to quit the Army and go back to New York where he can work in the rope factory. As predicted by Mr. McConnahay, the British do indeed occupy New York and scenes show several hundred British troops marching in the streets as hundreds more citizens watch them. Officers make speeches in the public square, and Mr. McConnahay is up on the stage with British generals and officers. Two of his daughters, heavily layered in make-up, in the style of European aristocracy, are excited about their chances of meeting eligible British officers. Daisy meanwhile, without make-up and dressed in black, as if mourning, spots Tom in the crowd and talks to him. Crying, she accuses him of cowardice for running away, even though he explains that the whole Army ran away. Tom then leaves her, taking his son Ned to an encampment of homeless people under a wooden walkway to seek shelter. Daisy returns home, to the wealthy mansion of her parents, where a party is being planned by her mother, Mrs. McConnahay for two single British officers that will be housed with them. Daisy wants no part of it, but her mother orders her to attend. The party is a very fancy affair, with white make-up and gigantic powder wigs with sculptures of castles and sailing ships in them. The women wear fancy dresses and the British officers wear dress uniforms as they sip drinks. One of the girls plays harpsichord. Another daughter flirts with a British officer. Daisy begins to flirt with the same officer until suddenly stabbing him in the groin with a giant pin from her wig. The officer screams, calls her and her sisters "bloody, Yankee bitches!". The party is ruined and ends abruptly. Daisy goes to her bedroom, screams and throws a fit, kicking her furniture and tearing the room apart, until her mother comes in and tells her she has shamed her family, and that now she must choose between her family and the rebel Patriots. Running with a gang of youths called the Mohawks, who commit small crimes and plan to blow up a bomb to kill British soldiers in town, Ned steals a live pig, but it squirms out of his grasp and gets away. Ned finds Tom at his job in the rope factory, and Tom tells Ned that he must not run with the Mohawks or he could get killed by the British. At that moment, British soldiers come into the factory and pick a couple of men, including Tom, making them run in place. They explain they are organizing a fox hunt, but can find no foxes, so Tom and another man must run in the place of the fox dragging a lure. Ned hates seeing his father jump at the command of the soldiers, effectively calls him a coward, and leaves to join up with his gang. The hunt begins with blowing horns and many hunting dogs barking. Tom and the other man, a big man, are tied by the wrists to a heavy effigy of George Washington, made of rope and doused with scent. Given a sizable head start, they are forced to drag the effigy through wilderness while a group of British officers and civilians chase them on horseback. Tom and the big man argue and separate, Tom carrying the heavy effigy over his shoulder. First the dogs hunt down the big man and maul him. Then the dogs are redirected to run down Tom, and they attack the effigy. A British officer cuts the rope to the effigy from Tom's wrist, and they let him go, but Tom is out of breath, traumatized, and physically exhausted as they ride away. British Sergeant Major Peasy comforts a young drummer boy who is about nine or ten years old, at a battlefield burial of some drummer boys. To replace his lost drummer boys, Peasy goes to a prison in New York where he finds Ned and Ned's friend Merle who were drummers for the Americans and Merle was captured in the earlier battle. They are practicing drumming and Peasy forces them, along with others, to serve in the British Army. Daisy sees them leaving prison and followed by her black servant girl, Cuffy, she searches out Tom to tell him of the capture. Even though he is still exhausted from the 'fox hunt,' Tom gets himself up and immediately steals a boat to chase after the departing British Army to rescue his son. The British Army is encamped at night with tents and campfires, when an officer orders Peasy to bring him some boys to choose one of them to allegedly shine his boots. Among others, Peasy brings Ned and Merle into the officer's tent, and as the boys stand in line, the officer stops at Ned to touch his face, and Ned bites his hand. The officer orders Ned to be tied to a cannon and have the soles of his feet whipped. Tom catches up with the British Army at nightfall, and in the midst of a rain storm, sneaks into the encampment and finds his son. He cuts Ned loose and, because the boy is unable to walk on his bloody feet. Tom carries Ned out of the camp and Merle escapes with them using the British pass he was given for the fox hunt. Peasy discovers that the boys are missing in the morning and promises a high quality knife to two Iroquois scouts if they bring back the prisoners. Peasy questions another drummer boy who confesses he didn't report the escape because he thought Peasy liked Ned more than him. Tom carries Ned into the wilderness, followed by Merle and chased by the two Iroquois. The Iroquois spot them and get ahead of them and wreck Tom's boat. Tom and the boys see the Iroquois wrecking the boat and Merle trips over something on the trail and it falls down the cliff into the water and the Iroquois spot them, Tom and the boys lie in wait as the natives approach, and Tom jumps out from hiding with a knife and kills the first and then, with some struggle, manages to kill the second Iroquois. No sooner is the fight over than Tom and the boys see three more natives standing in the distance watching them. The natives approach as Tom and the boys stand their ground, as it becomes clear that these natives don't want to fight them. One of the natives explains that they are Huron and "He who kills my enemy is my friend" and the natives help Tom, Ned, and Merle by taking them to their village and giving them food and shelter, and by treating Ned's severely wounded feet. Ned screams as his feet are cauterized by the natives and Tom holds him in his arms. Tom and Ned stay with the Hurons for six months while Ned's feet heal. Then they come down from the mountains "to join the fight". In Valley Forge, Daisy drives a horse drawn wagon load of supplies into the camp flying an American flag. Snow falls as she discovers that conditions are harsh and men are wounded and dying, and she is told that she will need to evacuate some dying men to a hospital. She meets up by chance with Ned, and she sees that he has grown. He tells her that he and Tom are scouts now, and he leads her to their tent, where he is making bullets with his friend, Ongwata, one of the natives who helped him and his son in the wilderness. Happy to see Daisy, Tom offers her food and they visit together as Ongwata leaves to give them privacy. She tells Tom that she and Cuffy, her servant, had fled New York to Philadelphia, where they joined the Rebels, smuggling supplies, and that she had learned how to sail. They dream of sailing away together. Ned has become friends with Bella, the daughter of a gunner in the Valley Forge fort. Ned's conversation with her reveals that he has a new found respect for his father's courage and fighting abilities, and the two have become closer as they have fought together as comrades in arms. Tom and Daisy confess their love to each other as she drives her wagon load of wounded soldiers out of the fort, but as she pulls away in the distance, Tom sees British cavalry charge the wagons and he chases them by foot helplessly. The British officer Daisy had stabbed is leading the Calvary and swings his sword at Daisy. Tom cannot tell if she is wounded or dead but he wagon is captured and led away by the British. The Americans win the next battle and while on leave in Philadelphia, Tom goes into a public building where records are kept of the dead and wounded, looking for the name of Daisy McConnahay. He needs help from a woman there because he cannot read. Daisy's name is not in the records however, which gives Tom hope that she may still be alive. Meanwhile, Ned and Bella wander the building and meet a Harvard student helping Congress to clean up buildings wrecked by British soldiers. The student explains that the term 'revolution' was coined by Mr. Jefferson for their political movement because the world was going through a new turn in history, like the moon revolving the Earth. People are generally in a festive mood, and the soldiers are singing because the Continental Army has been fairing well. The American soldiers are now much better equipped with real uniforms and boots in good condition. Ned and Bella get married outdoors, just before they march off again with the Army. Three years later, the story picks up in the middle of the battle of Yorktown. Cannons are firing, and the fighting is fierce and violent. From within a fortress, father and son fight together, taking pot shots at good British targets, until Ned spots British officer Peasy, who whipped Ned's feet while he had been captive. Tom and Ned watch as Peasy and leads a small group towards the beach towards the American spotter and signaler and they decide to stop Peasy. They run together with Ongwata and another Huron down to the beach where they find Peasy and his companions. Hiding behind cover, the Americans shoot the two British soldiers and two Iroquois scouts. Peasy is wounded but his companion, the former drummer boy, is badly wounded and lying in Peasy's arms. Ned aims his rifle to kill Peasy, but decides not to, and the Tom and his men take the fallen enemy's weapons and go back to the fort. Peasy begins dragging his wounded comrade back towards the British Army. There is a somber moment while a woman sings a sad song after the battle of Yorktown. The Americans are victorious, but dead and wounded lie everywhere, and survivors stand listening. Then, as the song fades into silence, there is a dramatic cut from the silent battlefield to the cheering, crowded streets of New York, where a merry band is playing, countless Americans are waving flags, singing, dancing, and celebrating. Tom cashes in his note for his boat and gets paid only $40, far less than the $70 he had been promised by the American government. He asks what happened to the 150 acres of land he had been promised to join the the Army, and the American soldier paying him tells him the land is all gone due to the war debt, and if Tom is unhappy then he should complain to Congress. Tom asserts his freedom to complain to anyone he wants. Leaving the soldier, Tom meets up with Ned and the rest of their party down the street and gives him the $40 as they say goodbye. Ned is heading upriver with Bella, who is pregnant, to start a farm and a family. Merle and Bella's father go with them, along with their Huron friends. Tom stays in New York, where he feels he will have a better chance to earn a living and he still wants to search for Daisy.. After watching Ned and the rest leave, Tom spots Cuffy, Daisy's servant, in the crowds of New York, where people are still singing, dancing, and celebrating everywhere, literally in the streets. He loses her in the crowd as she is moving quickly. He passes people watching a bare knuckle boxing match, but keeps searching until he eventually sees Daisy, who is kneeling, smiling, talking with several small children. She looks up, sees Tom, and they embrace as the camera pulls back to show the vast numbers of people celebrating and dancing in the city streets.
tt0279111
Biography,Drama,History
Based on the best-selling historical novel by Jeff Shaara, "Gods and Generals" covers the events of the American Civil War before the climactic battle of Gettysburg. Seen from the points of view of leaders such as Thomas "Stonewall" Jackson, Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain, Winfield Scott Hancock and Robert E. Lee, the film begins just after the attack on Fort Sumter in April 1861, and culminates with the battle of Chancellorsville in May of 1863. Directed by Ronald F. Maxwell, the film is an epic, dramatic prequel to "Gettysburg," the classic 1993 film also directed by Maxwell. Gods and Generals is the second installment of the Michael/Jeff Shaara Civil War trilogy and the second to be filmed. The third and final installment, The Last Full Measure, was in pre-production but lost financing and has been suspended indefinitely. Congruent to the 1992 production of Gettysburg, Gods and Generals is of epic length with a final release running time of nearly four hours, having been trimmed from roughly six. The story opens just before the secession of Virgina and just after Lincoln had called for 75,000 troops to repel the rebellion. Robert E. Lee is offered and declines the command of Union forces. Thomas "Stonewall" Jackson, an instructor at VMI during the secessionist takeover of the institute, commits himself to the defense of Virginia and is rapidly swept up in a leadership role of the fledgling Army of Northern Virginia. The story follows primarily from the perspective of Jackson, as well as other key figures on both sides, but is decidely emphatic of the Confederate POV. We follow Jackson through three early and decisive CSA victories; Manassas (1st Bull Run), Fredericksburg, and Chancellorsville, the scene of his untimely death. The film diverges dramatically from the book version in that the battle of Antietam, a tactical CSA victory, is omitted entirely (it was however filmed but ultimately removed from the final print). Throughout these campaigns Jackson is portrayed as a deeply pious, stern, yet confident and capable commander. The story follows the decision makers, military and political, on both sides and how their actions influence the course of the war through May 1863. Gettysburg, based on Shaaras Killer Angels, picks up the saga from there.
tt0068156
Drama,Family,History
On the evening of May 8, 1776, in Philadelphia, as the Second Continental Congress proceeds with its business. John Adams, the widely disliked delegate from Massachusetts, is frustrated, because none of his proposals on independence have been debated on by congress. The other delegates, implore him to ('Sit Down, John') Adams' response is that Congress has done nothing for the last year. He goes outside and in song ('Piddle, Twiddle, and Resolve'), he reads the latest missive from his loving wife Abigail, who, their home in Braintree, Massachusetts, appears in his imagination. He asks if she and the other women are making saltpeter for the war effort but she ignores that and states the women have a more urgent problem: no straight pins. They pledge their love to each other in song ('Till Then'). The next day, Adams finds delegate Benjamin Franklin outside. Adams bemoans the failure of his arguments for independence. Franklin suggests that, a resolution for independence would have more success if proposed by someone else. Richard Henry Lee of Virginia enters on horseback, having been summoned by Franklin. The cocky Lee crows that he is the best man to propose the resolution. Adams has reservations, but Lee is convinced he cannot fail, as a member of the oldest and most glorious family in America ('The Lees of Old Virginia') He is prepared to ask the Virginia House of Burgesses to authorize him to offer a pro-independence resolution. On June 7, 1776, Franklin and Adams enter, and the delegates, along with the President of Congress, John Hancock, and the Secretary, Charles Thomson, take their places. Hancock gavels the 380th meeting of the Congress to order. The entire New Jersey delegation is absent. Thomas Jefferson, a young delegate from Virginia, announces that he is leaving for Virginia that night to visit his wife. Soon after Hancock opens the floor to new resolutions, Richard Henry Lee canters into the chamber, having finally returned from Virginia. Lee reads his resolution, but John Dickinson of Pennsylvania moves to indefinitely postpone the question of independence. A vote is taken. Six colonies vote in favor of debate. Five vote to postpone indefinitely and thus kill the proposal. The New Jersey delegate arrives, and the vote now stands at six for independence and six against (with New York abstaining "courteously"), and Adams reminds Hancock (who supports independence) of his privilege as president to break all ties. Dickinson then moves that any vote for independence must pass unanimously on the grounds that "no colony may be torn from its mother country without its own consent." The vote produces the same tie, which Hancock breaks by unexpectedly voting for unanimity (prompting an angry outburst from Adams). He reasons that without unanimity, any colony voting against independence would be forced to fight on England's side, setting brother against brother. Adams, thinking fast, calls for a postponement of the vote on independence, expressing the need for a declaration defining the reasons for independence. Franklin seconds Adams, but when asked why such a declaration should be written, both are lost for words until Thomas Jefferson provides them himself: "to place before mankind the common sense of the subject, in terms so plain and firm as to command their assent." The vote on postponement is called, producing yet another tie, with New York abstaining "courteously" yet again. Hancock breaks the tie by voting in favor of postponement. He appoints a committee of Adams, Franklin, Roger Sherman of Connecticut, Robert Livingston of New York, and Jefferson to draft the declaration. Hancock adjourns the session over Jefferson's complaints that he must go home to his wife. The Committee of Five argues about who should write the declaration ('But, Mr. Adams'). Adams declines Franklin's suggestion that he do so. Adams asks each of the others, in turn, to be the drafter, but each demurs: Franklin argues that he is not a political writer, only a satirist; Sherman claims that he is not a writer at all, but "a simple cobbler from Connecticut"; and Livingston must return to New York to celebrate the birth of his son. All eyes then turn to Jefferson. Jefferson tries to wriggle out of the responsibility, pleading that he has not seen his wife in six months. Adams, unmoved by Jefferson's arguments (as he, too, misses his own wife), quotes a passage of Jefferson's Declaration of the Causes and Necessity of Taking Up Arms, bluntly telling Jefferson that he is the best writer in Congress. Jefferson accepts the duty of drafting the document. A week later, Adams and Franklin visit Jefferson to see how the work is coming along. Jefferson has spent the week moping, prompting a sharp rebuke by Adams, which is flatly rebuffed by Jefferson. Finally, Jefferson is brightened when his beloved wife Martha enters (Adams has sent for her). The two older gentlemen leave the young lovers in peace. Adams, alone, again exchanges letters with his wife Abigail. They pledge each other to be eternally ('Yours, Yours, Yours'). Martha finally appears when Franklin and Adams return the next morning, and the two gentlemen ask her how a man as silent as Jefferson won a woman as lovely as she. She tells them that she loves him ('He Plays the Violin'). On June 22, 1776, Congress has reconvened. By now, Adams is worrying and begins trying to win over some of the states, sending Thomas McKean to try to convince his Delaware colleague George Read and Franklin to convince James Wilson of Pennsylvania, while himself trying to convince Samuel Chase of Maryland. The remaining delegates in favor of independence also leave the chamber. Alone with his fellow conservatives for the first time, Dickinson leads them in a minuet, singing of their desire to hold onto their wealth and remain ('Cool, Cool Considerate Men'). During their dance/song, another dispatch comes from George Washington warning them of British advances on Philadelphia; however these warnings fall on deaf ears. After the dance number, the remaining delegates depart, leaving Andrew McNair (the custodian), the courier, and a workman in the chamber. The workman asks the courier if he has seen any fighting and the courier replies that his two closest friends were killed on the same day at Lexington. He describes the final thoughts of a dying young man as his mother searches for his body ('Momma, Look Sharp'). Jefferson is outside the chamber as Mr. Thomson, the secretary, reads the declaration to Congress. Adams and Franklin meet him delightedly: an exhibition of shooting by the Continental Army has convinced Samuel Chase, and Maryland will vote in favor of independence. They congratulate Jefferson on the excellence of the document, and Franklin compares the creation of this new country to an egg ('The Egg'). This leads the trio to debate which bird is breaking out of its metaphorical shell and would best represent America. Franklin tries to coax them into choosing the turkey, but the three settle on the eagle, as insisted upon by Adams. On June 28, 1776, Hancock asks if there are any alterations to be offered to the Declaration of Independence, leading many delegates to voice suggestions. Jefferson acquiesces to each recommendation, much to Adams's consternation, until Dickinson demands the removal of a phrase calling the King a tyrant. Jefferson refuses, stating that "the King is a tyrant whether we say so or not. We might as well say so." When Thomson comments that he has already scratched the word out, Jefferson orders him to "scratch it back in." When one delegate wants references to Parliament removed for fear of offending possible friends in that body, an exasperated Adams exclaims "This is a revolution, damn it! We're going to have to offend somebody!" Edward Rutledge of South Carolina objects to a clause in the Declaration condemning the slave trade, accusing the northern colonies of hypocrisy and telling them that the prosperity of the North depends on the Triangle Trade ('Molasses to Rum') to slaves as well. When this clause is not removed, the delegates of the Carolinas and Georgia walk out of Congress. The resolve of the other delegates is broken, and most of them also leave. Franklin tells Adams that the slavery clause must go; when Adams quarrels with him, Franklin angrily reminds Adams that "the issue here is independence!" and berates Adams for jeopardizing the cause. Adams' faith in himself is shaken, and only encouragement from Abigail (and the delivery of kegs of saltpeter from her and other Massachusetts ladies) bolsters his commitment ('Compliments'). Re-reading the dispatch from Washington, Adams, now alone in the chamber, echoes his words in song ('Is Anybody There?') Discouraged but determined, Adams declares his vision of his new country: "Through all the gloom, through all the doom, I can see the rays of ravishing light and glory!" Dr. Lyman Hall of Georgia, unexpectedly returns to the chamber. He tells Adams "In trying to resolve my dilemma I remembered something I'd once read, 'that a representative owes the People not only his industry, but his judgment, and he betrays them if he sacrifices it to their opinion.' It was written by Edmund Burke, a member of the British Parliament." Hall then walks over to the tally board and changes Georgia's vote from "nay" to "yea". It is now July 2, 1776. The delegates slowly return to the chamber, including Caesar Rodney of Delaware, who had earlier left Congress due to poor health. Hancock calls for the vote on the Lee Resolution. Thomson calls on each delegation for its vote. Pennsylvania passes on the first call, but the rest of the northern and middle colonies (save New York, which, with some self-disgust, again abstains "courteously") vote "yea". When the vote reaches South Carolina, Rutledge again demands the removal of the slavery clause as the condition of the "yea" votes from the Carolinas. Franklin pleads with Adams to remove the clause ("First things first, John ... Independence. America. If we don't secure that, what difference will the rest make?") and Adams turns to Jefferson. Jefferson reluctantly crosses the chamber and scratches out the clause himself. Rutledge and the Carolinas vote "yea", as does Georgia. Pennsylvania's vote, which is the last vote needed to obtain the required unanimous approval, is called again, Dickinson declares that "Pennsylvania votes...", only to be stopped by Franklin who asks Hancock to poll the members of the delegation individually. Franklin votes "yea" and Dickinson "nay", leaving the swing vote to Wilson, who normally adheres to Dickinson. Seeing his hesitancy, Dickinson tries to entice him: "Come now, James ... the issue is clear." Franklin remarks that "most issues are clear when someone else has to decide them", and Adams mercilessly adds that "it would be a pity for a man (Wilson) who has handed down hundreds of wise decisions from the bench to be remembered for the one unwise decision he made in Congress." Wilson doesn't want to be remembered as "the man who prevented American independence" and votes "yea". The motion is passed. The next day on July 3, Hancock suggests that no man be allowed to sit in Congress without affixing his signature to the Declaration. Dickinson announces that he cannot in good conscience sign such a document and still hopes for reconciliation with England. However, he resolves to join the army to fight for and defend the new nation. Adams leads the Congress in a salute to Dickinson as he leaves the chamber. The next day, Hancock leads the delegates in signing the Declaration, but is interrupted by the courier with another dispatch from Washington, "Commander of the Army of the United Colonies ... of the United States of America." He reports that preparations for the Battle of New York are under way, but expresses concern about America's badly outnumbered and under-trained troops. Washington's note to Lewis Morris that his estates have been destroyed but that his family has been taken to safety emboldens Morris to state that he will sign the Declaration, despite the lack of instructions from the New York legislature, saying, "To Hell with New York. I'll sign it anyway." New York's vote is moved into the "yea" column. On the evening of July 4, 1776, McNair rings the Liberty Bell in the background as Thomson calls each of the delegates to sign their names on the Declaration of Independence. The delegates freeze in position as the Liberty Bell rings to a fevered pitch.
tt0074084
Drama,History
Born on the day of the death of renowned composer Giuseppe Verdi (January 27, 1901) two best friends, Alfredo Berlinghieri (Robert De Niro as an adult) and Olmo Dalcò (Gérard Depardieu as an adult) come from opposite ends of the social spectrum. Alfredo is from a family of wealthy landowners led by his abusive but populist grandfather Alfredo the Elder (Burt Lancaster), while Olmo is an illegitimate peasant son of an unmarried teenage peasant girl living off the estate whose grandfather Leo Dalcò (Sterling Hayden) is the foreman and peasant strong man who verbally and spiritually carries a duel of wits with both the peasants as well as his employer, but without ever reaching violence with Elder Alfredo's bidding. While growing up, the young Alfredo is somewhat rebellious and despises the falseness of his family, in particular his weak but cynical father Ottavio (Werner Bruhns), he befriends Olmo, who was raised as a socialist. The two become friends throughout their childhood, despite the social differences of their families. When Alfredo is around age 10, his grandfather, suffering from gout, dementia, and other ailments, commits suicide by hanging himself in the dairy barn. As a result, Alfredo the Younger's father, Ottavio, inherits the plantation. In 1917, the teenage Olmo enlists with the Italian army during World War I and goes off to fight on the front lines in northern Italy while Alfredo stays behind to learn how to run his family's large plantation. Olmo returns from the war over a year later and his friendship with Alfredo continues. However during Olmo's time away, Alfredo's father has hired Attila Mellanchini (Donald Sutherland) as his new foreman following the death of Olmo's own grandfather, Leo. Attila is sadistic man who becomes taken with fascism, especially after the fascists come to power in the early 1920s, Italy. Attila eventually incorporates his new belief system in his dealings with the Berlinghieri workers; he treats them cruelly and later cages them in the Berlinghieri compound and accuses them of treason against Fascist Italy. Several are killed by Attila himself. Alfredo's father, Ottavio, eventually dies from an illness and Alfredo inherits the vast estate as its sole heir. As the new padrone (master) of the plantation, Alfredo does little to challenge or halt Attila's evil actions. During the late 1920s and early 1930s, the intimacy and lack thereof in their respective relationships with others is highlighted in their love lives as both Alfredo and Olmo cannot seem to hook up with the right woman to be with. In one encounter, Alfredo and Olmo attempt to have a threesome with a local prostitute only to have her go into an epileptic fit which stops the threesome sexual encounter before it begins. Alfredo marries a gorgeous, demure woman, named Ada (Dominique Sanda), while Olmo marries Anita (Stefania Sandrelli), a fellow left-wing idealist who, like him, shares in the enthusiasm of the cause of workers' rights in the vein of socialism. Ada, however, sinks into alcoholism when confronted with the reality of the emptiness of her relationship with Alfredo. Anita dies tragically in childbirth, bringing another member into the community; a daughter whom Olmo names after his late wife. As Olmo takes on his fateful role of leader among the poor farmers and their families, he clashes with Attila several times as the years go on. Olmo's daughter, Anita the Younger (Anna Henkel-Grönemeyer), grows into a young and resourceful teenager whom is supportive of her father's socialist beliefs. The power, however, shifts after World War II, and the ruling class is at the mercy of the jovial and bitter peasants in the agricultural estate. On April 28, 1945, as the padrone, Alfredo is captured by a teenage peasant boy carrying a rifle. Attila is also captured when he and his wife, the equally cruel and sadistic Regina (Laura Betti), try to flee the region. Attila is stabbed (non-fatally) several times by women wielding pitchforks and is imprisoned in the Berlinghieri pig sty. He is later executed by the peasants (while they cut off most of Regina's hair), who have discovered that Attila had raped and killed a young boy (ironically, the son of one of the most fervent supporters of fascism as an antidote to socialism) several years prior in a fit of rage and had also murdered a wealthy landowner's widow, Mrs. Pioppi (Alida Valli), during the winter of 1939 whose husband had been economically ruined by Alfredo, in order to steal her land and home. Alfredo is brought before Olmo's workers tribunal to stand trial. Many workers come forth and accuse Alfredo of letting them suffer in squalor while he (and his social class) profited from their labors and on top of that, he did nothing to stop the sadistic Attila. Alfredo is sentenced to death, but his execution is prevented after Olmo explains that the padrone is already dead even though Alfredo lives... that is, the social system has been overthrown with the end of the war. As soon as the verdict is overturned, however, representatives of the new government, which includes the Communist Party, arrive and call on the peasants to turn in their arms. Olmo convinces the peasants to do so, overcoming their skepticism. Alone with Olmo, Alfredo declares to him: "The padrone is alive."
tt0098260
Drama,History
London, England, U.K. 1959 Osteopath Dr. Stephen Ward (John Hurt) visits a local burlesque club where he spots Christine Keeler (Joann Walley-Kilmer), a gorgeous underage nightclub performer, and unsuccessfully attempts to get her telephone number. One week later, Christine is visiting her working class family in the countryside when Stephen drives up in his sports car and takes her to a large Tudor style cottage on the grounds of Lord William Astor's (Leslie Phillips) estate. Stephen explains that 'Bill' Astor lets him rent the cottage for only one British pound per year because he lets Astor cheat him at bridge. As Stephen gives Christine a tour of Cliveden, the large Astor manor, he explains that only people born to wealth and nobility, or the very beautiful, are invited to mingle with high society. He offers to tutor her for such a life. Soon, Stephen takes control of Christine's look, turning her from a peroxide blonde to a brunette, and changing her clothes from "SoHo chic" to "Covent Garden sexy." One night a few months later in October, after a party celebrating the Conservative Party winning Britain's general election, Stephen invites a few politicians to his apartment for an orgy. After getting over her initial shock, Christine joins in. The next night, Christine enters the nightclub dressing room to find Mandy Rice-Davies (Bridget Fonda), a cool blonde, sitting in her makeup chair. Christine orders her to move, but Mandy refuses until the other girls gang up on her. Later, the girls dress as "Indians" for a dance number. Someone steals Mandy's top, but Christine observes that the girl is so slight, no one will notice. During the number, a frustrated Mandy appears topless, upstaging Christine. After the show, Christine overhears Mandy lying to her mother over the phone about how exciting the nightclub is. When Mandy hangs up, Christine asks her out for a drink and the two of them become close friends. Afterward, Christine is helping Mandy sneak her possessions out of her apartment when they are caught by the landlady. Christine runs outside, where Lord Astor is waiting in his Rolls Royce. Pretending to cry, Christine embarrasses Astor into giving Mandy 40 pounds to keep the landlady from calling the police. Mandy moves in with Christine and Stephen at his row-house, who parades the two girls before his wealthy friends. At one party, Stephen introduces Christine and Mandy to Eugene Ivanov (Jeroen Krabbe), a military attache for the Soviet embassy. On another night, the girls go to "Club 21." There, they meet an American "Matinee Idol" (Trevor Eve) (loosely based on actor Douglas Fairbanks Jr.; one of Christine and Mandy's many clients). After pantomiming lesbian sex, they engage in a menage à trois with the Matinee Idol. In July 1961, Stephen's friendship with Ivanov catches the attention of a certain "Mr. Woods" (Oliver Ford Davies), a member of British Military Intelligence (MI5), who asks Stephen to keep an eye on the Soviet attache. Stephen invites Ivanov to Cliveden, where Christine can be seen diving into the swimming pool. When Lord Astor leads his dinner guest, Minister of War John Profumo (Ian McKellan), to the cottage, they find Christine dancing naked for Stephen and Ivanov. Christine tries to run inside the house, but Profumo catches her. They stare at each other in silence until flood lights are turned on to reveal Lady Astor, Valerie Profumo, and others of Astor's party guests. Mrs. Profumo wraps a towel around Christine and separates the girl from her husband. Throughout the summer, Stephen throws parties at his cottage at which Ivanov and Profumo vie for Christine's attentions. One day in October, Stephen arranges for Ivanov to drive Christine to London to his row-house, and the two end up in bed. When Stephen finds out, he calls Mr. Woods at MI5. The next day, Profumo arrives and takes Christine on a drive. Stephen is disappointed when Christine reports back that Profumo was a complete gentleman, but lightens up when she predicts he will call her soon. That night, Stephen and a friend drive Christine to a Jamaican club in East London to procure marijuana. Fearing he looks too much like someone from "Scotland Yard," Stephen sends Christine to talk to Lucky Gordon (Leon Herbert), a tall Jamaican. Lucky only agrees to the sale if Christine accompanies him inside the club. As Stephen and his friend smoke marijuana, Christine dances with Lucky. That night, she makes love to him in his flat. Some time later, Christine has her first sexual encounter with Profumo. During one of their trysts, Lucky telephones and asks to see Christine, but she hangs up and tells Profumo it is the nightclub owner asking about the show. Over the next several months in 1962, Christine is happy balancing her affairs with Ivanov, Profumo, and a few other men. However, Profumo worries he will be recognized going to Stephen's house. He tells Christine she cannot trust Stephen, so unless she finds another apartment, their affair is over. In October 1962, insisting that Stephen cannot live without her, Christine breaks off the affair with Profumo. When she informs Stephen, he tells her she made a mistake, as Profumo will be Prime Minister someday. Irate, Christine yells that she is sick and tired of being given to old men, then takes Mandy for a night out at the Jamaican club. There, she seduces a Jamaican gangster named Johnnie Edgecombe (Roland Gift), but when they wind up in bed, Lucky appears and attacks the other man. Johnnie pulls out a razor blade and gashes Lucky's cheek. Terrified, Christine rushes back to Stephen's row-house. She is amused to find Mandy in Stephen's bed. On December 14, 1962, Johnnie appears outside Stephen's row-house one day, demanding Christine run away with him before Lucky can take his revenge. When Christine refuses, Johnnie pulls out a revolver and shoots at the door. After he leaves, Christine is brought to the police station for questioning. Stephen meets her there. He tells her she is out of control with her behavior and urges her to move out before she destroys his reputation. Christine counters that Stephen brought her to the Jamaican club, the orgies and sex parties; therefore, she is what he made her. Stephen refuses to take responsibility for her actions and leaves her standing outside in the evening rain. A reporter named Kevin (Keith Allen) approaches and asks her to accompany him for a cup of tea. The distraught Christine admits to the Profumo affair, insisting it was Stephen's fault. Kevin calls his editor at the Sunday Pictorial to let him know he has stumbled onto a huge story. The next day, Christine's picture is on the front page of every London newspaper as part of the developing story. In January 1963, Stephen privately meets with Ivanov, who tells Stephen that he is being recalled to the Soviet Union. Ivanov warns Stephen that he will be made the scapegoat for all this, but Stephen laughs it off and predicts the whole affair will be forgotten in a week. At Mandy's urging, Christine signs a news contract to sell her story. In March, to counter the rumors, Profumo makes a personal statement, assuring the House of Commons that there was no "impropriety" in his relationship with Christine. To control the situation, Lord Hailsham (Iain Cuthbertson), a Conservative Party leader, contacts Scotland Yard to investigate Stephen. Soon, friends and acquaintances are being detained and questioned. Stephen meets with Hailsham at his office and appeals to call off the "witch-hunt", warning that he will be forced to defend his reputation by revealing the truth (implying that Hailsham was also involved in the sex and drug orgies that Stephen had set up). Unfazed, Hailsham warns him that it is illegal to blackmail the government. Stephen telephones Mr. Woods at MI5 for assistance, but the man refuses his calls. Later, Lord Astor asks Stephen to move out of the cottage. Christine is interrogated by police who accuse her of being a prostitute with Stephen as her pimp. She argues that Stephen is the only man she ever loved, and they are both innocent. Over the next several months, more revelations of sexual deviations of the rich and powerful are aired in the UK press. Questions of national security are raised when it is discovered that Christine was sleeping with both the Minister of War and a Soviet "spy." Profumo is forced to resign on June 5, 1963 after he publicly admits to his sexual affair with Christine. Weeks later in July, Christine visits the distraught Stephen at his row-house, and he confesses he always feared that someday his friends would betray him and that Ivanov was right about the British government making him a scapegoat for all this. He promises to drag down everyone if they come after him. Stephen is charged with procuring and living off immoral earnings and brought to a highly publicized trial. Although Christine and Mandy testify they were not prostitutes, nor did they give Stephen money other than rent, the prosecution insists he lived off their "wages of sin." Later, Stephen's defense attorney cross-examines Christine and accuses her of using Stephen so she could sell her memoirs. Stephen disrupts the trial by yelling out "that's not fair!" Afterwords, Christine leaves the courthouse and is swarmed by mobs of reporters and photographers. In contrast, Mandy basks in her fame and notoriety before the press as a "harlot", despite having never met or ever had sexual relations with Ivanov or Profumo. Later that evening on July 30, 1963, Stephen commits suicide by taking an overdose of barbiturates. In his suicide note, he states he would rather "get" himself than be gotten by the "vultures." The film closes with a series of texts which read: Stephen Ward was found guilty in his absence of living off the immoral earnings of prostitution. He died a few days later in a hospital on August 3 without regaining consciousness at age 50. His body was immediately cremated and memorial services for him were held on August 10, 1963. Nobody came. Christine Keeler was convicted of perjury in a related trial to Johnny Edgecombe's assault on her. She entered Holloway Prison on December 6, 1963. She was released the following year after serving four-in-a-half out of nine months. After two failed marriages, she currently lives alone in a London housing project and avoids the media spotlight. Mandy Rice-Davies married an Israeli businessman and settled in Israel in 1966 where she became a cabaret singer and film actress. She later opened a string of successful nightclubs in Israel, the UK and the USA. They are called 'Mandy's'. Recently married for the third time (as of 1988), she now resides in London and Florida. John Profumo left politics and dedicated his life to charity work. In October 1975, Queen Elizabeth II awarded him one of England's highest civilian honors; Commander of the British Empire. On October 18, 1963, Prime Minister Harold Macmillan resigned due to health reasons and his moral credibility irreversibly damaged after his belated and ineffective attempts at damage control to the 'Profumo Affair'. The following year, after a nearly decade in power, the entire Conservative government fell... exhausted by the scandal.
tt0073880
Action,Biography,Crime
Part 2 opens with Buford Pusser's two main deputies, Obra Eaker (Robert DoQui) and Grady Coker (Bruce Glover), as well as Buford's father and some of the town's citizens all wondering if Buford will seek re-election. Obra and Grady both state that there is no way Buford resigns until he either convicts or kills everyone who was involved in the ambush that led to his wife Pauline's death (in the previous movie). Buford's mother (Lurene Tuttle) and his children visit Buford who is still in the hospital recovering from plastic surgery that was needed to restore his face. Buford's mother asks him about re-election and confesses that she wishes he would retire. "There ain't no shame in quitting, Buford," she tells him. To which he replies, "I know , Mama." Buford (now played by Bo Svenson) is re-elected and his first order of business is to bust up a still operating on the banks of the river. Buford and his deputies surprise the moonshiners and round them all up, except for Pinky Dobson (Luke Askew) who gets away in a boat. Dobson then goes to the mansion of local mob boss John Witter (Logan Ramsey). Witter is angry when Dobson brings Boston-based hit-man Ray Henry (John Davis Chandler) to the meeting. Witter makes Ray Henry wait in another room while he and Dobson privately talk about what to do about Buford. Witter grumbles about how Buford has cost him a lot of money by shutting down his prostitution and gambling operations. He puts pressure on Dobson to take Buford out. Dobson promises he will. Dobson goes to a car racetrack to talk to a driver named Stud Pardee (Richard Jaeckel) about helping him to get rid of Buford. Pardee strips two of Buford's lug bolts on his Impala and then entices Buford into a high-speed car chase. Buford's wheel does come off during the chase but he survives unhurt. Meanwhile, the only participant in the ambush that Buford recognized from police photos turns up with a bullet in his head. Witter brings in a beautiful woman named Marganne Stilson (Angel Tompkins) to win Buford's confidence and eventually kill him. "Take a week," he tells Stilson. "Take two weeks. Just don't press to hard or he'll be on to you. This man is no dummy." An investigation reveals that the only blue and white Camaro in the county is owned by Stud Pardee. Buford gets a warrant, tracks down Pardee and proceeds to destroy his prized car while looking for contraband. After tearing apart the door panels, having Obra cut open his tires which costs $300 a piece and knocking out all the windows, Buford finds a pint of whiskey under Pardee's seat. Buford offers Pardee a drink. Pardees declines. Buford tells him, "You look like you could use a drink." Pardee takes the bottle and tries to drink it all down. Buford stops him, telling him, "I need the rest of this for evidence." Pardee tells Buford, "You know you have a hell of a lot of enemies around here." Buford informs Pardee that his car is impounded and will be sold at an auction. Next, Buford busts up a still operation that uses the Falcon Baptist Church as a cover. One of the moonshiners takes off running when accosted by Buford and his squad. Buford chases the man through the woods eventually catching him. The man asks Buford why he is has time to bother "us poor blacks" Buford tells him, "Same as everyone else." To which the man replies, "Same as that big horse ranch on the hill?" He says Buford looks the other way because A.C. Hand (Archie Grinalds) is a friend of his father's. Buford tells Obra to swear out a warrant for A. C. Hand because "I don't want there to be any misunderstanding from anyone." Buford raids Hand's place and tells him he's going to be facing time in the penitentiary. Buford's father (Noah Beery, Jr.) is understandably upset. A.C. Hand is his oldest and dearest friend "since before I ever even went to school." Buford reminds his father that he is after the man at the top because he "destroyed my family." While Obra is in the middle of telling Buford that his uncle spotted a "new cooking operation down on the Hatchie River," Marganne Stilson, posing as a graduate student from Ole Miss, tries to get Buford to show her around. Buford declines because he is in the middle of something important. Stilson says she will hold Buford to his promise to show her around at a later date. Witter himself makes advances at Stilson but she quickly informs him that he cannot afford her. Buford is informed that the fancy speed-boat has been spotted again, coming into McNairy County. Buford sets up a "sting" operation, but as he is leaving his house he discovers a bomb planted under his hood by Ray Henry. Buford radios Obra and Grady to tell that that he has a "little mechanical problem." He reminds them that it is "the man in the boat that you are after." Grady inadvertently trips an alarm wire while the deputies are moving in on the still and Pinky Dobson again escapes in his speed-boat. Buford had made a secret deal with a local car dealer named Floyd Tate to get a new undercover police car every four to six weeks. Tate calls one day to tell Buford his new car is ready. Buford lets Obra talk him into going to exchange the cars for him. Since it's his day off, Obra explained, it wouldn't cost the county anything. Buford is hesitant at first, but Obra finally convinces him. Obra is driving 100 mph in Buford's car when he discovers the brakes are out, and the steering has been tampered with. Obra dies in a head-on collision. At the funeral, Buford tells Obra's parents that Obra died in his place because his car had been tampered with. Buford makes a deal with Sheriff Tanner (Red West) in Alcorn County, Mississippi to finally nail Pardee. Buford offers to show Stilson around. They get in Buford's car. Stilson claims to have left a map with all the places she is interested in seeing in the cottage she has rented by the lake. Buford says no problem and offers to take her there. Two snipers are waiting for him in a boat. Stilson suggests a picnic. Buford says it may be a little chilly for a picnic. Buford and Stilson go inside her cottage where Buford informs her that there is no student registered at Ole Miss named Stilson. He makes her go back outside with him and frightens off the snipers before telling Stilson to let Dobson know that he is wise to their plans. Sheriff Tanner pursues Pardee back across the state line. Buford takes up the chase. Pardee is driving his new Corvette convertible. Pardee manages to go around a road-block set up by the deputies but later crashes and his trapped in his overturned car. Buford gets Pardee to confess that it was Pinky Dobson who hired him. Buford helps free Pardee before his car explodes. Dobson once again escapes in his boat when his distillery is raided. This time, however, they are ready for him. Mr. Pusser has supervised a blockade of logs strung across the river. Buford tells Dobson to surrender. Dobson ignores him and ultimately is up-ended when he hits the barricade and he gets arrested. Ray Henry purchases a machine gun and 1,000 rounds of ammo. Buford learns from an FBI agent that Ray Henry was Dobson's cell-mate for three-and-a-half years and that they were both seen in the vicinity the night Buford and his wife were ambushed. Dobson is in the hospital but escapes with the help of his girlfriend, Ruby Ann (Brooke Mills). Buford and an FBI agent pursue Dobson and Ruby Ann in an off-road car chase. Buford shoots and kills Dobson. Ruby Ann tells Buford where Ray Henry is and when Dobson tells her to shut up, she says she is not afraid of Witter like Dobson and Ray Henry both are. Buford and his men go to the boarding-house where Ray Henry is living. Buford is wounded but finally kills Ray Henry. As he is getting into an ambulance, Buford asks Grady if he remembers a man from Nashville shaking his hand right after he was elected sheriff. Grady asks, "What man?" Buford answers "A fat man, named Witter. I almost forgot about him"...... which sets the stage up for Walking Tall: The Final Chapter.
tt0323944
Drama,History
It tells the story of Stephen Glass (Hayden Christensen), who was the youngest journalist at the New Republic. This newspaper prides itself to have been read by everybody in the political field in Washington, and to be the only one in the American president's plane. Little by little, we see how things work in the editorial room: Stephen's direct boss and editor is Charles "Chuck" Lane (Peter Sarsgaard), who is constantly insisting on having every single detail checked through direct notes. The first time Stephen gets in trouble in the film it's on an article about a Republican young people convention, where he alleged they got drunk and called some prostitutes. Stephen gets into trouble because the hotel manager complains that hotel rooms did not have any drink or food fridges in them, all the opposite of what Stephen had said in his article. Chuck talks with Stephen about that. Stephen comes back some minutes later admitting he has made a mistake: he saw so many spirits bottles thrown out of the place, that he took it for granted that they came from a room saloon. Stephen says he's sorry, and that if Chuck wants his resignation, he'll sign it right away. However, Chuck is not about to do anything of that sort, and the audience is left feeling that it was too much of a ruckus over the possible existence of a portable fridge or not. Stephen's girlfriend is Caitlin Avey (Chloë Sevigny), a fellow journalist at the newspaper. She is worried because Stephen has had much success lately, she's even a bit jealous. Stephen is freelancing and writing stories for other magazines, like Rolling Stones, because his news stories have always got an edge to them: he investigates, finds out the truth and talks about humourous situations and peculiar characters. Also, to Caitlin's dismay, he's even going to be busier, as he is about to start to study law, which he considers to be more prestigious. In the small row they have over this matter, Stephen blames his parents, who follow the peer pressure of their friends and think that a lawyer is the most prestigius job in the world. One of his most successful stories is about how hardware and software companies try to stop hackers from damaging their products. In a computer-geek convention, Stephen tells how a computer company hired and paid one million dollars to a hacker so that he would stop breaking their security system. That hacker signed a contract right there, and then boasted about it in front of everybody. While Stephen is telling this story at the meeting room, all journalists and editors sitting together deciding the new news stories, he jumps on the meeting table and shouts "show me the money, show me the money" with a cocky attitude. Everybody knows this is the best news story for years, and they all wonder "where he gets these characters from". Stephen's news story is so appealing: the attitude, the streetwise teenagers who make the best out of it and beat computer tycoons to their money, etc... In a later scene, Caitlin is trying to copy Stephen's sense of humour, but Chuck must tell her to come back to what she does best: glossing figures, explaining in plain words economic concepts and situations, and being serious and formal at all times. In the Forbes internet magazine, Adam Penenberg (Steve Zahn) is told off by his boss. Adam is supposed to be responsible for all the high-tech content of the subscription magazine; he didn't even get a hit of the news story everybody is talking about, that about about the million-dollar contract to the hacker. Adam calls Chuck asking for more details about the story, as he would like to go on investigating it. Stephen reads his notes and gives him some further details. Adam starts investigating, but soon he finds out things don't add up. He calls Chuck and Stephen once again, asking where the latter had got wind of the story. Stephen fabricates the ghost-company's website, but he doesn't realise that he put it in a net section which could only be seen by AOL subscribers. He didn't think or didn't have time of fabricating a whole fake website domain. Stephen admits that he may have made a mistake over some minor details on the story, but he insists on the truth of the main article. This time, Chuck starts to get the hint that something fishy is going on. Although he doesn't dismiss Stephen yet, this time the journalist is not going to find it so easy to move on. Caitling supports Stephen through and through. As many more untruthful details spring to view, and Adam won't let things be, Chuck comes to the point when he insists on being taken to the location where that computer-geek convention took place right away. Stephen feels unsure, and tries to talk his way out of it, but this time to no avail. Chuck comes to realise that there are many problems with Stephen's story: the hotel where it was celebrated does not know anything about a convention of that kind, the actual room where it was supposed to have taken place is not big enough to accommodate the huge number of people Stephen says he himself saw, etc... More and more details appear missing, and the teenager who supposedly earned that million dollars is nowhere to be seen. The pressure increases, especially on Chuck. There comes a moment when Chuck faces a wall display with The New Republic's old numbers, and he starts pulling them out, re-reading Stephen's editorial contributions once again, this time with a view to finding strange details, unlikely events, non-existent names of people and companies, dates which don't hold up, etc. Caitlin talks to Chuck. She is really upset when Stephen gets fired, and she is disappointed because Chuck and higher levels of management are not standing by Stephen. Chuck talks to her, saying that everybody believed what Stephen said because they all liked him, and that she should use her journalistic instinct to find out whether Stephen had been lying or not. This makes Caitlin think, and she admits that Chuck is right: they all had been fooled by Stephen's charm and his news bombshells. The New Republic will write an editorial retracting almost half of Stephen Glass' news stories, and admitting to some more details in some more articles which cannot be put to the test concerning their veracity. The last captions of the film say what happened to the people behind this story: Caitlin kept on writing for the New Republic Stephen did not want to comment on the film, and he dedicated full time to the study of law at university. Adam Penenberg's story made it to the headlines itself, and it became recorded as the first real breakthrough for internet newspapers. >> written by KrystelClaire
tt1018887
Documentary,Biography
The writings of Harlan Ellison, like those of Philip K. Dick and Kurt Vonnegut, were once marginalized as science fiction; but now his hugely popular work (nearly 2000 published stories and some of the best episodes of "Outer Limits" and "Star Trek") has defined its own genre. Ellison's larger-than-life personality is legendary. "The spellbinding quality of a great nonstop talker, with a cultural warehouse for a mind," says The NY Times Book Review. In this hilarious portrait, Ellison's fecund imagination is matched by his nearly limitless supply of outrage. On being asked to donate an interview to Warner Bros. for a DVD extra, he responds: "What is Warner Bros, out with an eye patch and a tin cup on the street? And they don't even send you a copy of the DVD! You send me the goddamn DVD now or I'm gonna come down to your office and I'm gonna burn it to the ground, how 'bout that?' A 27-year labor of love, by Erik Nelson, producer of GRIZZLY MAN, who throws in Ellison's pal Robin Williams for good measure. [D-Man2010]
tt0105291
Biography,Crime,Drama
The film begins at the scene of murder; a corpse, dressed in a suit, is being drained of blood, having been hung on a meat hook. It is readily apparent that the corpse has been tortured, and it is implied that the presentation of the body was meant to meant to be a brutal message. The next scene switches location to the Carousel Club of Dallas, Texas in the year 1962, a burlesque club owned by Jack Ruby (Danny Aiello). It is a slow night at the club, with only a sparse audience for the featured performer, and few bar patrons. The featured dancer, named Telephone Trixie (Jane Hamilton), is unprepared for the show, unenthusiastic, and well beyond her glory days. Ruby regretfully watches her lackluster performance and ruefully observes the disappointing state of his business. Near closing, Ruby leaves the Carousel through a rear/side exit in order to make a rendezvous with two corrupt officers from the Dallas Police Department in order to supply them with narcotics. The next scene shows an attractive young blond woman (Sherlyn Fenn) sitting in front of a mirror applying makeup to a facial bruise; the scene strongly suggests that her sleeping husband or significant other has been abusing her. The next set of scenes follows Ruby as he closes the Carousel Club and makes a stop at an all night diner which is adjacent to a bus station. Inside the diner, Ruby observes the young blond from the previous scene and stops to speak with her and offer a meal and a place to stay. In the course of discussion between the young woman and Ruby, it is made clear that Jack is not making a sexual advance, and he is instead offering lodging in a gesture of platonic friendship. Destitute, desperate, and homeless, the young Sheryl Ann DuJean then accompanies Ruby back to Carousel Club where Ruby gives her lodging in an apartment in the area above the club. The next day, Ruby has a conversation on the state of Carousel with his bartender who is established to be a young Cuban exile named Diego. Ruby's troubles are further amplified by the appearance cancellation of the next featured dancer who was scheduled to appear on stage. Having heard Ruby's conversation about the cancellation, Sheryl Ann offers to perform for Ruby during his police appreciation show that night. Ruby, reluctant to believe that the innocent and demure Sheryl Ann is stripper material, is desperate and left with no other choice than to allow her to dance. Sheryl Ann adopts the stage name Candy Cane and then takes the stage only to wow the law enforcement crowd with her skilled and enthusiastic performance. Even the jaded Jack Ruby is shocked at the skill and performance of her performance, making him realize she is experienced as stripper. The crowd reacts enthusiastically, and things begin to look up for Jack Ruby as he has a showstopper as a featured dancer, and a chance at revitalizing his business. Ruby and Candy Cane come to understanding that they be truthful, and a friendship develops between the two. Shortly after the upswing in business, Jack is contacted by one of his former mob associates, named Louie Vitali, about performing a black bag job in Cuba in which the murder victim, Action Jackson, seen in the opening scene, was originally assigned to. Ruby confers with Candy Cane and she ends up inviting her to go along with him to communist Cuba. Once in Cuba, Ruby meets with Vitali and they meet with the elderly and imprisoned Sicilian mobster Santos Alicante (Marc Lawrence), who has been in jail in Cuba since the 1959 communist takeover after his casino hotel was closed down. Vitali tells Ruby that they are to spring Santos from Cuba to put him back in place in the USA as part of a complex operation plan. However after their visit, Vitali accompanies Ruby back to his and Candys hotel room where he secretly tells him the real reason for this assignment; he wants Ruby to kill Santos because the people that Vitali works for feel that Santos has outgrown his usefulness to them. Vitali gives Ruby an 8mm film camera that has a pistol encased in it to carry out the killing. But that evening, Ruby instead kills Vitali on the dock near the prison and springs Santos from his cell by bribing the guards, and then he, Santos, and Candy flee Cuba aboard Vitalis boat back to America. After arriving in New Orleans, Ruby makes contact with David Ferrie (Tobin Bell), an old friend from his days in Chicago, to supply him with the necessary papers enabling Santos to re-enter the country. Shortly after, Ruby and Candy return to Dallas, while Santos goes off on his own. Several months later, Ruby, still managing the Carousel Club in which Candy is now the star attraction, has an encounter one evening when Candy's estranged and abusive husband, Hank, shows up and confronts her after the show in her apartment wanting her to return to him. Ruby beats up Candy/Sheryl Anns husband and warns him never to come back to the club. The next day, a mysterious man, identifying himself only by his name of 'Maxwell' (Arliss Howard) pays a visit to Ruby at the currently closed club to talk with him about the killing of Vitali and of the release of Santos from Cuba. With a clearly implied threat of arrest and incarceration, Maxwell wants Ruby to redeem himself to the people that Maxwell works for by being an informant for him on Santos, who has since opened up a new hotel and casino in Las Vegas since his return to the United States as well as Santos affiliates. Maxwell supplies Ruby with a mini-tape recorder to assist, and Ruby makes the assumption that Maxwell works for the CIA, which Maxwell neither denies or admits. Ruby and Candy travel to Las Vegas and check into Santos' new hotel where a gala event is taking place that involves a stage performance by singer Tony Montana. Ruby is also suspicious when a helicopter arrives and drops off the President of the United State, John F. Kennedy whom is attending the event. Candy attends the event with David Ferrie, who sits with her at the table where the president is sitting, while Ruby sits with Santos and several like-minded people whom are clearly connected to organized crime. Recording the conversation, the men want Ruby to smuggle into Cuba special cigars for Fidel Castro to assassinate him for the loss of all their casinos and business since the 1959 takeover. When Ruby excuses himself to go outside, he meets with Maxwell in the hotel parking lot where he drives Ruby outside the city and reveals another assignment for him to partake in the assassination of a prominent official, implying it to be Castro. The next day, Candy tells Ruby that the people that Santos works with want her to stay in Las Vegas to perform as a singer in their hotels, thanks to come presidential connections that she managed to get hold of. Ruby returns to Dallas alone, while he makes his free time by shooting at watermelons and other targets from a distance in preparation for his next assassination assignment. Sometime later, Ruby talks with Lenny, an old friend of his, about assignments for CIA associates and Lenny tells Ruby that to take out a "target" relies on two or more rifle marksmen and a "patsy" or "fall guy" to be caught in order to place all the blame for the crime to divert suspicion away from the investigating authorities. Meanwhile, Diego the bartender meets with David Ferrie where they travel to New Orleans where they make contact with Lee Harvey Oswald whom they ask to talk about helping them about a job. Back in Dallas, Ruby meets with Santos, Sam Giaccana, and their men at another meeting where Giaccana tells Ruby that his assignment to take out Castro has been canceled for that another matter has come up. Giaccana tells Ruby that the CIA has been having troubles with President Kennedy over the Cuba issue and wanting to reveal the CIAs true nature. After Ruby leaves, Giaccana meets with Maxwell for a talk. Returning to his club, Ruby sees Candy there who tells him that she quit her career tour which included performances for the President which she felt they were taking advantage of her and her charms. It is implied that Candy had shared some intimate time with Kennedy and possibly others. While Ruby and Candy decide to revise the club with a new classy act as a singing club, he begins to figure out what Maxwell and the mob associates are doing: planning a high-level assassination. Ruby tells his boss, Proby, that from his views and experiences in the past several months, the CIA and the Mafia work together to stage and carry out contract killings, and get away with it by subcontracting third parties to carry out the work. Proby has some doubts, but he tells Ruby to leave the matter alone for he cannot blow the lid on a complex conspiracy such as this. On November 22, 1963, JFK arrives in Dallas where it is shown of Maxwell meeting with Oswald, Diego, and two other henchmen where he tells them their assignments. While Ruby is at a newspaper office to file a new listing for his club, Candy is watching the President's limo convoy ride through the city. It is shown that Diego, with Oswald as the handler, shoots Kennedy from the six-floor window of the Dallas Book Depository, while the second assassin, and his handler, fire the fatal shot, killing Kennedy from the grassy knoll section near the building to the building. After watching the events on a TV set, a distraught Ruby returns to his club where Proby is rummaging through his desk to look for the audio tape of the recording of the conversation Ruby had in Las Vegas with Santos and his associates, but the tape is gone. Ruby tells Proby, who has not heard about the assassination, that their enemies have won. The following day, David Ferrie pays a visit to Ruby at the club where they watch a TV broadcast about the arrest of Lee Harvey Oswald and that he also was arrested for killing Officer Tippit (David Duchuvney), a regular customer at the club. Ferrie tells Ruby to forget that they ever met and that he shouldnt do anything stupid for he calls Ruby only a "small time hood". Ruby vows he will make the world understand. The next day, Ruby goes to the Dallas county jail where Oswald is being transferred and shoots him in front of everyone present including news reporters and cameramen. Ruby is immediately arrested by the police... just as he wanted them to. In jail, Ruby refuses to give a statement to his lawyer about his motivation and demands that he be taken to Washington to testify before a Senate committee about what he knows. At Rubys trial, he refuses to offer an insanity defense for the murder of Oswald and is convicted and sentenced to death. Ruby sees Maxwell as one of the spectators during the trial and knows that Maxwell had some hand in work behind the scenes that has led to his conviction. Ruby appeals the verdict, but aware that the conspirators are monitoring his visits, continues to demand that he be taken to Washington to testify, but he is refused. Several months later, while still in prison awaiting an appeal, Candy visits Ruby to offer him moral support for his actions, while he tells her not to visit him again and to move far away so the members of the conspiracy will not find her. After Candy leaves Ruby for good, he remains in jail while over the next several months, he thinks that the conspirators are slowly killing him inside when he is forcibly given injections for his failing health. In a final disclaimer, it is said that Ruby died from cancer in jail in 1967 and that his request to testify before a Senate hearing was never granted.
tt0473434
Documentary,Biography
This is a documentary based on real lives. There is no plot.
tt0095341
Documentary,Biography,History
Hotel Terminus is Marcel Ophul's award-winning documentary work, spanning more than 70 years, three continents and 120 hours of interviews as it explores one of World War II's greatest mysteries. Klaus Barbie, a ruthless SS interrogator knowns as the "Butcher of Lyon", was implicated in 4,000 deaths and the deportation of 7,000 Jews from occupied France--- and then he dissapeared. Hotel Terminus traces the 40-year hunt for Barbie, a hunt initiated by the very governments that later hid him and protected his family. Klaus Barbie, a wanted Nazi war criminal, was employed by the American government as an informant in Germany. When discovery was dangerously close, Barbie was smuggled out of Europe on an underground railway with ties to the Vatican. He took refuge in South America , where his "talents" were employed by the governments in Bolivia and Peru. Until he was finally brought to trial in 1987, governments harbored Barbie at the same time that his crimes were being denoucned. Hotel Terminus exposes a complex web of political intrigue, collaboration and deceit almost as unforgettable as the crimes themselves.
tt0492499
Documentary,Biography
What the youngsters today need to know about Ralph Nader, who did more to protect the public than any president, more than any other individual in history.
tt1623777
Documentary,Biography,Drama
Honest Man is a movie about politics and corruption, suicide and survival. Four years in the making, it explores the scandal that led an honest, hard-working man to take his own life. R. Budd Dwyer, a farm boy from the northwest of the state, was a very successful Pennsylvania politician. In 1980, on the strength of his squeaky-clean reputation, he was elected to the statewide office of Treasurer. Dwyer soon began to run afoul of Governor Dick Thornburgh, rejecting some of his padded expense vouchers and questioning the use of state troopers to transport his children to boarding school. Shortly thereafter, prosecutor James West, Governor Thornburgh's protege, indicted Budd on bribery charges. William T. Smith, a lawyer for a company called CTA, claimed to have met with Budd and offered him $300,000 to give his client a state contract. Dwyer was convicted on the strength of Smith's testimony. The day before his sentencing, he shot himself at a press conference while television cameras rolled. Over twenty years later, that shocking video is still circulating on the Internet. Was Dwyer venal, or a victim? Did he kill himself because he couldn't live with being guilty--or because he couldn't live with being innocent? The film features exclusive new interviews with Dwyer's family, friends, and colleagues, including Dwyer's widow Joanne and William T. Smith, whose testimony convicted Dwyer. This portrait of a man swept up in the turbulent and cutthroat political world of the 1980s raises important questions about Dwyer's presumed guilt.
tt1444284
Documentary,Biography,History
On June 27, 1969, a police raid on a Greenwich Village gay bar called the Stonewall took a surprising turn when patrons decided it was time to fight back. As a riot erupted on Christopher Street, a new era in the Gay Rights Movement was born. Vito Russo, a 23-year-old film student, was among the crowd. Over the next twenty years until his death from AIDS in 1990, Vito would go on to become one of the most outspoken and inspiring activists in the LGBT communitys fight for equal rights. He was a pivotal part of three well-known organizations during their formative years: GAA (Gay Activists Alliance), which staged subversive works of protest performance art to secure rights and dignity for all gay people; GLAAD (Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation), formed to ensure that media representation of gays and lesbians was accurate; and ACT UP (AIDS Coalition To Unleash Power), a guerilla activist group that turned the fury over President Reagans refusal to do anything about AIDS into a series of highly telegenic acts of civil disobedience. In the midst of his commitment to activism, Vito was also a prolific writer. His seminal book The Celluloid Closet explored the ways in which gays and lesbians were portrayed on film, what lessons those characters taught gay and straight audiences, and how those negative images were at the root of societys homophobia. Even before the book was published, Vito was taking The Celluloid Closet on the road, traveling to gay film festivals and college campuses for an entertaining and informative lecture-slash-clip show that intertwined Vitos love of show business and radical gay politics. He continued writing, lecturing, speaking out and acting up until just months before his death.
tt0145046
Documentary,Biography,Drama
Famed filmmaker Werner Herzog probably felt a deep kinship towards aviation pilot and documentary subject, Dieter Dengler. They both share common themes of man versus nature, and an overwhelming obsession that encapsulates their lives. Herzog relates Denglers story with stock footage, re-creations (not by other actors portraying Dengler, but Dengler himself revisiting locations), sketches, interviews, and his signature narration to share the life and experiences of an extraordinary man. On a cloudy day, Dieter Dengler walks into a tattoo parlor. He admires a portrait of horses streaming out of flames, led by death on a chariot. The retired air force pilot relates that this is the vision he saw in the jungles of Laos. However, "Death didn't want me" he says, as he relates his incredible story of survival. Dieter drives a winding path to his mountain home - his convertible top always up - even on the sunniest of days. He relates that he is often haunted by his friend Dwayne Martin. Dengler was shot over Laos in 1966, the crux of his travels from Germany, to the United States, to Vietnam, and back to the States. In Herzog's first chapter, the director discusses Dengler, the man in detail. Dengler currently lives in San Francisco, and as Dengler welcomes Herzog into his home, one can see the impact that captivity has had on his life. Dengler has a door ritual, in which he opens and closes each door twice to symbolizes the freedom of opening it without obstruction. His house is decorated with paintings of open doors, and the architecture is very open and wide. Dengler built his home on the top of a mountain, where he can look out over the entire city, emulating the height of flight. Aviation paraphernalia adorn his rooms. The quality of life in the jungle has had another obvious impact on Dengler's life. The kitchen, refrigerator, and cabinet are packed with excess food. He has even stored emergency provisions (such as 1000 pounds of rice) in his basement admitting, "I'll probably never need any of this food, but I can sleep so much better knowing that its down there." Newsreel footage from a press conference following Denglers rescue relate his early dreams to own and operate a restaurant, so as to never be hungry. The next segment follows Denglers dream to become a pilot. Dengler returns to his rural birth village of Wildberg, Germany, and he relates his first experience with a fighter plane. During World War II, as American and British fighters strafed his village, he caught a glimpse of a dive bomber with his cockpit open - he could see the pilot's black goggles and his eyes: "I knew from that moment on, I want to be a pilot. I want to be a flier. From that moment on, little Dieter needed to fly." Dengler takes Herzog through the many awards that decorate his expansive house. He has a Purple Heart, a Navy Cross, a Distinguished Service Medal, and a Sword of Loyola, next to the last photograph of his plane before it was shot down. Despite the awards, he denies being a hero, "Only people who are dead are heroes." Herzog shows us newsreel footage of post-war Germany, people licking trash can lids and boiling wallpaper for the nutrients in the glue. Dengler relates that some people would spend hours watching a sausage when it first appeared in the store window, because no one could afford it. Dieter worked as an apprentice for a clock maker, preparing him for the discipline of the armed forces, and the brutality of his capture. He built church bells as a blacksmith, and at age eighteen, he took the first ship he could to America. In Manhattan, he joined the air force to become a pilot, was shipped to San Antonio, and found himself peeling potatoes. He realized he needed an education to realize his dream, so he moved to California - going to school at night, and working in the day. He succeeded, joined the Navy, and was shipped to Vietnam as a pilot and a soldier. Dieter never felt like he was a soldier, however. He was just a boy who had realized his dreams - the people below seemed unreal. Dieter described how he felt being shot down in his plane- struck by lightning. Sitting behind an aquarium, Dieter describes how he had no time to be afraid. Death seemed much like the jellyfish floating behind him. In a third segment labeled, "Punishment", older Dieter is in a Laotian village recounting his capture. Standing around him are Laotians who flank him as he tells of his experience. After an initial escape, Dieter is put through tortures by his captors, such as being suspended upside down in a well, and being dragged by a water buffalo while the village children laugh and kick him. After he refused to sign a document condemning U.S. involvment in Vietnam, he was cut repeatedly, and had bamboo shards slit under his fingernails and into his body. Dieter extracts courage by the memory of his grandfather, the only dissenter in a town that otherwise voted 100% for Adolf Hitler. Just as his grandfather was mocked and beaten, Dieter was able to survive. Dieter agrees to re-enact some of the moments to try to chase away his demons. As he is being tied up by the young Laotian captors, he gets a funny feeling: "Uh-oh. This feels a little too close to home." Herzog pokes fun at the survival school of the 1960's by showing stock footage of how "movie survival" seemed like a breeze compared to reality. Much more than the instructional videos, Dieter learned from his captors various useful scenarios, such as how to quickly build a fire. One of his most vivid memories was his encounter with the Vietcong. They arrived to take him prisoner, and during a stop in a village, a villager stole Dieter's wedding ring. As Dieter left the village with the Vietcong, he became increasingly irritable. The Vietcong found out what he meant, and returned to the village. On arrival, they beat the thief to a pulp and cut off his finger with a machete. As Dengler relates this story in a Laotian hut, it is he who comforts a Laotian stand in. He hugs the man, and whispers to him, "just a movie. Dont worry about it." The Vietcong drops him at a prison camp, where there are four Thais, and two Americans. Dieter realizes he must escape immediately, but is persuaded to wait for the monsoons, or there will be no rain (or drinking water). The prisoners starve eating rats, and old rice. They were shot at while using the restroom. Throughout the ordeal, Dieter dreams of the ocean, and the Navy returning to rescue him. The decision to escape is made when the Thais overheard a plot to kill them in the jungle to make the murders look like an escape attempt. Dieter stands near a bamboo compound, using diagrams to explain his escape attempt: while the guards gather to eat, the prisoners would escape, commandeer the weapons, and trap their captors in the prison. They had reasoned to the best of their ability the location of each man and each gun. However, a serious miscalculation leads to chaos. Dieter is forced to use a submachine gun to kill six of his captors. The other two escape to alert the Vietcong. The other prisoners escape with all of the shoes - Dieter never saw them again. His only fellow escapee was American Dwayne Martin. When they reach the river, they built a raft in hopes that it would lead them to the Mekong. The Mekong leads to Thailand, which leads to freedom. In present day, Dieter talks about his friend Dwayne sitting next to the Mekong. After their raft had crashed in a waterfall, Dieter and Dwayne had found the sole of a tennis shoe which they alternated. As they crawled through a trail, they stumbled upon a young boy and a village. As they bowed to the inhabitants, a man swung a machete at Dieter, missing the former POW, and cutting Dwayne Martin in the meat of his upper leg. The villager then beheads Dwayne. In a fit of fury, Dieter grabs the shoe sole, and flees into the jungle. Distraught, Dieter realizes that his only company is a black bear. Dieter notes the irony that his only friend was a scavenger waiting to eat him. When Dieter arrived home, he filed for early retirement, and served as a civilian test pilot, getting into four more crashes - death still did not want Dieter Dengler. The final segment, titled "Redemption", begins with Dengler admiring a thirty pound turkey, he has invited his original rescuer Eugene Deatrick to his home for Thanksgiving. The old pilot Deatrick relates how he saw Dieter waving a parachute wildly next to two "s" shapes to create an SOS. Deatrick radioed a helicopter to pick up the POW, where he did not get a warm reception - a soldier in the helicopter initially thought Dieter could be a Vietcong suicide bomber, and tackled him to the floor. While Dieter was recovering in Da Nang, he desperately wanted to return to his ship. His friends snuck him out of the hospital and back on board, where he had an emotional reunion in the hanger with the 4,000 man crew of his carrier. He recollects that in the early days of his recovery, the only place he could sleep soundly was in the cockpit of a plane. A final two minute crane and panning shot shows Dieter Dengler walking through rows and rows of airplanes: a pilot's heaven. The postscript reveals that Dieter Dengler passed away February Seventh of 2001. He was buried with full military honors in Arlington National Cemetery. In his honor, F-14's flew over his funeral.
tt1297297
Documentary,Biography,Comedy
Rock + Roll Nerd documents over a three year period the rise of musical comedian Tim Minchin - from obscure Melbourne artist to decorated international performer. The documentary picks up in 2005 just as Tim shapes his new image, conceding that he needs to "look better" if he wants to make anything of his career. Clips of Tim prior to his makeover are barely recognisable, but make for a hilarious diversion. A successful stint at the Melbourne Comedy Festival sees Tim invited to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival, a considerable step up where the venue is enormous and the pressure is on. Additional stress comes from a family angle, as Tim's partner falls pregnant and they face the prospect of having to survive with no income. Rock + Roll Nerd is as revealing as it is entertaining, and that's where it succeeds most of all. It's by no means all sunshine and rainbows, as the bad reviews are not shied away from in the slightest. The emotional highs and lows of Tim's journey make for an intriguing learning experience and a fascinating insight into the business decisions that face a newcomer to the industry. While a considerable amount of time is spent as a fly-on-the-wall so to speak, some time is dedicated to Tim's stage performances. It's here that he really shines, in fact it's equally fascinating to gauge his development as a performer through these glimpses into his stage routine. If you're more interested solely in Tim's comedy, then his So Live DVD is probably more up your alley, however, if you're at all interested in the man and his humble beginnings, this documentary is a must. [D-Man2010] Intimate doco about gifted musical comedian Minchin charting his rise from obscurity in Melbourne to breakthrough at the Edinburgh Comedy Festival, and subsequent peaks and troughs of his fledgling professional career. Charting a not unsimilar path to our own Flight of the Conchords, Minchin wears his neurosis much more on his sleeve, and as a result is just as compelling as an 'off-stage' subject as he is behind a mike and a piano. A satisfying insight into the fragility of ego of a lone performer, the 'business' reality of show business, and the often mutually-exclusive trade-off between artistic and financial satisfaction, this virtually writes a handbook for budding wannabes with their eyes on the bright lights. [D-Man2010]
tt1524095
Documentary,Biography
BHUTTO is the definitive theatrical documentary about one of the most complex and fascinating characters of our time. Her epic life story is a tale of Shakespearean dimension involving a woman heroically battling tradition and terrorism in the most dangerous country on earth; Pakistan. A nuclear armed nation on the brink of destabilization Benazir Bhutto was born into a wealthy family that became the dominant political dynasty in Pakistan. Often referred to as the "Kennedys of Pakistan" the Bhutto dynasty shares a legacy of both tragedy and triumph with its American counterpart. The story of Benazir Bhutto is the story of Pakistan. Her tumultuous life story is intertwined with the equally tumultuous history of her homeland. They both came into being at roughly the same time ; Pakistan in 1947, Benazir in 1953. Pakistan was created during the partition of the Indian subcontinent as a homeland for Muslims at the end of the British Raj. As a result of border disputes it immediately launched into military conflict with its much larger neighbor. Because of this the military rose to power to became the dominant force in Pakistan politics, establishing an endless cycle between civilian and military rule. Benazir was the daughter of the charismatic and visionary politician Zulfikar Ali Bhutto and thus her destiny was determined at birth. Zulfikar Ali Bhutto came from a wealthy feudal family of the ancient Bhutto tribe who owned vast tracts of fertile land in the Sindh province. Zulfikar was sent to study in America and England. While still a law student at Oxford he married Nusrat Isipani, an Iranian beauty. They started a family; Benazir, the first born, Murtaza, the eldest boy, Sanam, the younger sister, and Shanawaz , the youngest boy. When Zulfikar returned to Pakistan he launched his political career as a diplomat and rose to world wide fame with h is fiery oratorical performances at the UN. Zulfikar was progressive in both his political views and the treatment of his children. In a part of the world where girls are often uneducated he defied tradition by treating his children equally, insisting they all receive the finest educations. In 1967 he founded the Pakistan's People's Party and eventually became the first democratically elected president of Pakistan and later Prime Minister. While her father rose to power Benazir attended Harvard University during the most turbulent years of the 60's. She took part in anti-war protests and was exposed to the women's movement. She went on to study at Oxford and lived the carefree life of a princess zipping about London in a yellow sports car. She planned a career as a pampered diplomat until fate intervened. Her father was deposed in a coup when General Zia ul Haq declared Martial law. Zulfikar was tried on trumped up charges of murder and hung. Benazir's two brothers, fled Pakistan to escape Zia's wrath while Benazir chose to stay and fight. Thus began Benazir's life-long mission to avenge her father and continue his quest to restore democracy to Pakistan. Benazir and her mother were imprisoned for several years as General Zia forced his extreme view of Islam on Pakistan. He imposed Sharia law, an oppressive and misogynist legal system that dealt out harsh medieval punishments. Living in Afghanistan and Syria, Murtaza and Shanawaz were labeled as terrorists when they were linked to a plane hijacking. As a result Benazir was thrown into a more severe prison where she lost her health. Both she and her mother were eventually released for medical treatment in England where Benazir plotted her return to Pakistan. At a family reunion in France tragedy struck again. Shanawaz was found poisoned under suspicious circumstances. Determined to bring his body back to the Bhutto ancestral burial grounds Benazir returned to Pa kistan. The populace received her with a mass outpouring of sympathy and respect which convinced her to it was time to challenge General Zia's dictatorship. In 1988 she returned to Pakistan to crowds of millions who looked to her as the heir to Zulfikar Ali Bhutto's, legacy. She knew a single woman could not get elected in a Muslim country so before launching her campaign to unseat Zia, this icon of feminism Ironically agreed to an arranged marriage to Asif Ali Zardari, a notorious Karachi playboy. Soon she was campaigning while pregnant. Her life took another twist when General Zia died in a suspicious plane crash which cleared the way for her election. At 35 years old, with a newborn son, she became the first female prime minister of a Muslim country. Her success was short lived when she was removed from power after only 20 months due to accusations of corruption and incompetence. She fought the charges and was elected to a second term in which she appointed her husband minister of finance. His alleged corruption earned him the nickname Mr. 10%. During Benazir's second term Murtaza Bhutto returned to challenge his sister for the leadership of the PPP. After openly clashing with Zardari, Murtaza was mysteriously killed in a hail of police gunfire outside the Bhutto family. His death contributed to Benazir's downfall and her second term also ended in controversy. Her husband was imprisoned on charges of corruption and murder. With her husband in jail Benazir went into exile in Dubai where she raised her three children while traveling the world giving speeches warning of the threat of radical Islamic terrorism. When 9-11 happened, Pakistan, under the leadership of dictator Pervez Musharraf became the front line in the war on terror. Pakistan was forced to side with the US and thus also became a target of terrorists. With his power challenged Mushariff cracked down on dissent and began a chain reaction that caused Pakistan to become destabilized In 2007, with Pakistan in turmoil, Benazir was called back onto the world stage as Pakistan's best hope for democracy. With her assassination she transcended politics and became a martyr but left a legacy that will be debated for years to come Author: Johnny O'Hara
tt1020558
Action,Drama,History
It is A.D. 117 and the Roman garrisons are struggling to contain the Picts, the Celtic inhabitants of the Scottish Highlands. The Picts under their king, Gorlacon, are perfecting guerilla warfare and are eliminating Roman outposts one by one. Centurion Quintus Dias is the only survivor of a Pictish raid and is taken prisoner. In the meantime, the Roman governor of Britannia wants to obtain favour with the central administration, hoping to secure a transfer back to the comforts of Rome. He dispatches the Ninth Legion to the front under General Titus Flavius Virilus, providing him with a mute female Brigantian scout, Etain. As the legion marches north, they encounter and save Dias, who has escaped. Etain betrays the legion to Gorlacon: the Romans walk into a trap and are annihilated. Dias, with six others, elude death and capture. They learn that Virilus has been taken prisoner and set out to rescue him. They find the Pictish settlement and sneak in at night, but fail to break the general's chains. As they retreat, one of them kills Gorlacon's young son. The next morning, after the dead boy is burned, the general is given a sword and made to duel with Etain, who kills him. The seven decide to return south via a long detour over the mountains, while Etain with a Pict detachment are sent on horseback to track and kill them, in revenge for the king's son. They eventually catch up with the fugitives, who have to jump off a cliff and into a stream. One is killed by arrows while two separate, pursued by wolves. Dias and his best fighter attempt a night raid on the Pictish camp, while Etain and her warriors do the same. Several men are killed. Dias and his two followers happen upon a hut in the forest and befriend Arianne, who lives there. She shelters them and when Etain comes, she confronts her while the Romans hide under the floorboards. The next morning they leave Arianne and find the closest garrison abandoned: an order on a wall informs them that Roman troops have retreated south, to Hadrian's Wall. As they see Etain approach, they set up a trap inside the fort. A battle ensues, Dias kills Etain, and he and one wounded companion emerge victorious. By chance they reunite with one of their lost companions, who earlier killed Gorlacon's son, and wounded another Roman soldier to leave as bait for a pack of wolves hunting them. Upon reaching Hadrian's Wall, the lost companion worries Dias, who says that he will report his crimes and the two men fight with Dias as the victor. Dias' other companion, in Pictish clothing, is shot by Roman soldiers by mistake. When Dias enters the camp he reports the situation to the governor. The governor has decided to have all Ninth Legion veterans killed, so that his record is not tainted by a military failure. The governor's daughter is trusted with making sure that Dias is also killed. Dias evades the attempt on his life and returns to Arianne in the forest.
tt0437236
Documentary,Biography
"HUBERT SELBY JR: It/ll Be Better Tomorrow," directed by Michael W. Dean & Kenneth Shiffrin, executive produced by Suzanne Selby, edited by Ryan Brown and narrated by Robert Downey Jr., is a harrowing and engaging exploration into the life and art of the renowned author Hubert Selby Jr., who against all odds, reached international acclaim with his controversial novels. Overcoming tuberculosis, drug addiction and financial ruin, Selby eventually triumphed in his life. His novel "Last Exit to Brooklyn" banned upon release in England went on to become a major motion picture and to gain the literary respect it demanded. "Requiem for a Dream" another of Selby's works made into a major film stunned audiences around the world. Selby's canon of work represents seven of the most remarkable and distinctly American books ever written. The feature length documentary, "HUBERT SELBY JR: It/ll Be Better Tomorrow," is a fascinating look at the writer who described himself as "a scream looking for a mouth," by those who knew him best. Archival footage and new interviews from the legion of artists and friends that shared his passion for literature and love of life, drive this insightful film. Sharing their love, appreciation and insight are Lou Reed, Ellen Burstyn, Jared Leto, Darren Aronofsky, Uli Edel, Nicolas Winding Refn, Henry Rollins, Jerry Stahl, Richard Price, Nick Tosches, Amiri Baraka, Gilbert Sorrentino, Anthony Kiedis, James Remar, Michael Silverblatt and others. It also features rare footage of Selby himself reflecting on his life and work. Music by Imperial Crowns, Martyn LeNoble, Steve Munger, Bob Bartosik and others.
tt0455824
Adventure,Comedy,Drama
The movie opens with information about World War II and its effect on Australia. It then transitions to the issue of Stolen Generations - the attempt of whites to take away aboriginal children and place them in missions to phase out the culture. Then the movie begins, with King George, an aboriginal medicine man/witch doctor showing Nullah how to do various things in the outback. KG shows him how to fish, and Nullah successfully catches one with a spear. However, behind them is a commotion and they see cattle being driven across the river. KG tells Nullah to become invisible (he hides underwater) and a man falls dead into the water, with blood swirling around him, and an arrowhead coming out of his chest. It seems KG might have done this because, Nullah tells the audience that KG does not like white men, and he was killed by an arrow. Nullah surfaces and a horse rears in the water. He sings to the horse and it comes over, calmly. He rides it back to where he lives, Faraway Downs. He jumps down off the horse after he sees a car coming down the road. He runs and hides in the water tower, afraid someone is going to come take him away (Stolen Generation). But its not people to take him away, but rather Drover (Hugh Jackman), Sarah (Nicole Kidman), Magarri, and another aborigine. Nullah, who has narrated some of the story, informs us that this story starts a while ago in another faraway place called England... Lady Sarah Ashley is off riding horses when a car pulls up with a man trying to convince Sarah not to sell Faraway Downs. She, while walking through a stable of horses, insists they could use the money. She goes to ride on another horse, finally telling the man that she will go down to Australia and sell it herself. The film then follows Sarah on a plane, receiving various messages from her husband that she need not come down to Australia. However, she is told that she will be meeting up with her husbands helper, Drover. The city she lands in is Darwin. About this time, the film shows Drover in a bar trying to get a drink while a man teases him about who he hangs out with (he has no problem with race). He tells his main man, Magarri, to wave his hat when the woman shows up. He then proceeds to get in a fight with most of the bar. Sarah lands, and walks down the wharf (blowing off a group of ladies sent to welcome her) with men carrying many, many cases of luggage behind her. She walks into the bar looking for Drover, her suitcases on the steps, while the fight makes its way around the bar (on the outside). They tell her women are not allowed in that bar (hence why it is empty, she responds) and she walks out to find that one of her suitcases is about to be used to bludgeon someone. As it is swung around, it flies open, spreading her undergarments around the group of men. Sarah is mortified, and is finally introduced to Drover. Next, a very loaded up truck is driving through the outback, with Sarah wearing glasses, a hat with a net around it, gloves, and everything else that makes her overdressed for the heat and outback. Magarri is up on top on a chair. Suddenly a man starts running along side the truck, and says hello to Drover before climbing up to the top with M. Sarah notices a pack of kangaroos running next to the truck and is marveling how beautiful they areuntil the aborigine shoots one. Sarah is shocked as she watches blood drip from the top of the windshield, after the kangaroo is loaded onto the truck. That night, she pokes her head out of her tent, only to see Drover topless. She wonders how all four of them will be in one tent, and he explains that they do not really sleep in tents, and they are not used to guests on their trips. The next day they come to a fork in the road where an old truck is being pulled by horses. They stop and the woman driver pushes off a white man onto the road who is drunk and asleep. Sarah looks on in disgust and wants to know whom the man is; Drover informs her he is the accountant for Faraway Downs. Flynn is loaded into the truck, and Sarah can barely stand the smell of him. An aboriginal girl runs up along Drovers side of the truck and she wants him to come hang out, but he tells her he is delivering a package. Sarah is sure that Drover is exploiting women down in Australia (she assumes her husband is doing the same) and they get into an argument. Drover is really talking about horses, but Sarah assumes he is simply referring to women as horses (mating an English thoroughbred with an Australian brumby). Finally, they reach Faraway Downs (the house) and there is smoke and dust all around. (We get a replay of back to the beginning of the movie with Nullah) Drover tells Sarah to stay in the truck, and Magarri throws him a gun. He slowly walks the grounds, and there is a dead steer, and burning piles. Sarah angrily gets out of the truck and walks into the house, although Drover tells her not to go in. She does anyway, and sees her husband lying dead on the table. Now it seems that Sarah really will sell the property to the Carney empire. (Faraway Downs is a decent size patch in the middle of the Carney-owned lands. If it is sold, the company will have a monopoly over the cattle business.) That night, Sarah can barely sleep. She gets out of bed when she hears a noise. She walks outside, trying to find where it is coming from (its Nullah under the stairs). But she gets scared, so she runs back inside, but Nullah is in there, scaring her even more. He says he sung her to him, and that King George told him that shes like rain (much needed in a dry desert). He also tells her that Carney is stealing her cattle, driving them across the river (like in the beginning of the movie). All of a sudden his mother comes running in, begging her to keep her son away from the police. They hear a noise walking around outside, and they all hide behind her trunks. It is Fletcher, her husbands main driver, and he creepily opens the blinds, before closing them and walking away. In the morning, Sarah is getting ready to leave when Fletcher comes up to her. Sarah asks about the cattle, saying that Nullah told her about them. He turns around, not so happy, asking Nullah to come to him (the night before, we see Fletcher come out of place where Nullah and his mother live. So Nullah is Fletchers son.) His mother and grandmother tell him in their native language to go to him. He does, and Fletcher asks again if he saw anything, also telling him quietly that if he says anything, he will beat his mother. Nullah does not say anything more, and Sarah says that maybe he was mistaken. Fletcher hands him off to the cook (Sing Song). But Nullah gets away and runs up to the windmill, which Fletcher said had not run in years. Nullah climbs up the tower and takes out a pin, and the wheel springs to life, turning on a faucet. Nullah yells that Fletcher lies. Fletcher runs after Nullah and hits him, and in the process, hits Nullahs mother and grandmother. Sarah runs over and smacks Fletcher with a riding crop, and fires him on the spot. Fletcher tells her she will not have anybody for the Drive in the morning (taking 1500 cattle to Darwin). Sarah goes inside, and Nullah says from then on, everyone called her Mrs. Boss. She goes to Flynns place, and demands to know the truth about the Faraway Downs. He tells her that Carney has been siphoning off her cattle, and the overall state of finances, which is not good. However, if they can get their 1500 cattle to the docks to sell to the Army (before Carney), she will be set for a long time. After hearing all this, she has a drink with Flynn. Everything starts to rumble, and they go outside to see Drover bringing in a herd of wild horses. She walks back to the house as he starts yelling about where all the men are. She explains that she fired Fletcher, and he cannot understand why, thinking she dismissed them for some stupid reason. She tells him that he was stealing cattle, and he seems a little less angry. She wants him to drive the cattle, promising her thoroughbred (used to be her husbands) to him if he helps. But he now does not have enough people to help drive the cattle. He has only three, himself, Magarri, and other aborigine, but he needs seven. We then see Nullahs mother and grandmother showing that they can ride horses. Nullah volunteers (so he has five and a quarter) and Sarah notes she can ride, too. Drover explains that it is not easy riding, but she insists. They could use one more, but the cook does not want to, and Flynn is a drunk. The day before they leave, a car is seen driving up the road. Nullah again runs for the water tank (that has some water in it because the windmill works) and his mother follows him. Sure enough, it is the police. They tell Sarah that they think the killer of her husband is King George, and they are working to find him. They also are looking for a little boy, to which Sarah says she will keep a lookout. During this time, one of the men from the car uses the faucet to cool down. However, this fills up the water tank. Nullah and his mother cling to the ladder, but they cannot call for help, since Nullah would be taken away. The ladder breaks, and Nullah and his mother have a hard time staying afloat. Nullah tries to hold her up, but it is too hard. The car finally leaves as Drover rides up. Sarah tells him that Nullah and his mother are in the tank, and to help them. Drover gets up to the tank, and can only lift the mothers lifeless body out. Nullah is heartbroken. That night, Drover explains that her name cannot be said again because of the aboriginal cultural, and that Nullah needs mothering. Sarah tries to say she is not good at it, but finds herself down at Nullahs. He is curled up against the wall, and wants her to go away. Instead, she asks if he wants to hear a story (after trying to offer her condolences). He is always interested in hearing stories, and she tells him a bit about the Wizard of Oz, after she sees an ad for the movie in a newspaper she is sitting on. She tells him about the twister, and sings a little bit of Somewhere Over the Rainbow and he makes connections about King George (magic man/Wizard of Oz) and the rainbow serpent. The next morning, they are about to set out, when Sarah says to wait. The wind creates a dust devil, and Nullah calls it a twister. When it dies down, Flynn is riding a horse and ready (sober) to join the drive. They set out for a very long journey. Meanwhile, King Carney learns that not only is Sarah not going to sell her property, but also that shes driving the cattle to the docks to sell. Carney tells Fletcher to make sure they do not get that far. One of the nights, they drive into a canyon, and the camera shows that King George is following the group. From the top of his hill, he can see four riders approaching in the distance; it is Fletcher and 3 cronies. Nullah tells Flynn that King George is his grandpa, and asks if he knows how to play Somewhere Over the Rainbow on his harmonica, which he does. Drover makes assignments to watch the cattle and keep them calm, and Sarah makes an issue of a child working at 3am, volunteering to take his shift. But Drover will have none of it, and that is that. When Flynn and Nullah have their shift, Fletcher and his group pour gasoline on some brush behind the cattle. They light a match, and the brush goes up in flames, creating a stampede. Everyone wakes up, and Drover realizes that the cattle are head towards the cliff. Fletcher and Flynn are closest to the front, so they take off for the cliff to try to round the cattle back towards the canyon. The others get on the horses as quickly as they can, trying to do the same. Flynn and Nullah closely navigate the edge of the cliff, trying to stay ahead of the cattle. One or two cattle slip off the side, and Nullah and Flynn are sending rocks tumbling. They make some progress, but Fletcher and his cronies have thought ahead. They lit another fire, cutting off a safe place, and spooking the cattle back towards the cliff. Flynn and Nullah are riding farther in, but all of a sudden, Flynns horse breaks a leg, sending him flying towards the ground. Nullah cannot reach Flynn before he is trampled, and the cattle are rushing at Nullah, who is at the edge of the cliff. He then resorts to a song and magic to stop the cattle, with King George chanting from the canyon. Miraculously, the cattle stop. Nullah collapses, but Sarah catches him before he tumbles down the cliff. Drover helps console Nullah a bit before realizing that Flynn is not there. He runs to Flynn, who is bruised, bloodied, and has a leg in a rather grotesque position. He tries to keep the mood light, telling Drover that he stashed some alcohol under the wagon, and giving him his harmonica. He also tells him that Sarahs husband was killed with a glass-tipped arrow. The glass comes from the same area that King George is from; hence, it looks like King George killed the man. Flynn dies as Drover derives a conclusion. Fletcher and his cronies are a little amazed that the creamy (what they call mixed race children, among others) might actually have magic. They ride away and plot their next move. Everyone makes it back to camp, where most of their stuff is burned. (Really, just Sarahs stuff). Sarah realizes how foolish it was to bring all of that along, and asks if Fletcher was behind it. Drover tells her what Flynn said, and that Fletcher killed her husband (using the glass-tipped arrow to put the blame on a certain aborigine), so he probably was. She says that they cannot let them win, and he replies they will not. They decide to move on in the night. The next time they stop, they get out the rum and give a toast to Flynn (who can no longer be named). They wind up finishing the bottle. Some of the group play music and Sarah asks Drover to dance, teaching him some Foxtrot. They get close, and eventually share a small kiss. They are interrupted by Nullah, (in a tree above them), who asks if they are going to do mixed up/sideways business. Hes called down by his grandmother, and Sarah and Drover talk about their past business. Drover was married once, but he had to go to war, and when he came back, his wife had TB. But the hospitals wouldnt treat her because she was black. He did not have children, to which Sarah says is a shame because she thinks he would have made a great father. He asks her if she has any, but she tells him she cannot; he then responds the same way, telling her she would have been a great mother. The next time they travel, they are driving across a really dry place. Magarri is at a watering hole, but he only splashes the water. The camera zooms out and there is a dead animal in the pool and one near it. He tells Drover that the water is bad. Fletcher is the one who probably poisoned it. They argue about what to do. The nearest water is a five-day ride, but Magarri remarks that across one of the deserts, a three-day ride, there is water. Drover argues that there is no way they can drive across it, because there is not enough landmarks, so theyll get lost and die. However, King George appears, and Nullah asks him to find the way to water. They follow him, and KG is shown singing and dancing his way through the desert. Drover explains that the aborigines have a song for every rock and landmark, allowing them to find a path. Click Here! The movie then cuts to Darwin, where King Carney is pressuring the Army leader, Sergeant Callahan, to sign a contract for his cattle. This cuts to a newspaper that has a story about a cattle drive across the desert that killed all the members, reportedly, including Sarah. The woman reading the story is getting her hair done, when she looks over and sees a calf in the street. She thinks it is cute and walks over to the window. Then, the teacups and everything else start to rumble and a whole herd comes running down the street. Carney and Sergeant Callahan see this; Sarah rides up and says she will accept 20 percent less than what Carney wants. Carney argues that the contract is signed, but Sergeant Callahan notes that it only applies once the cattle are on the ship. Both groups race to board their cattle first. Sarah drives the cattle straight down the dock while Drover tries to stop Carneys cattle. He is cut off though, so instead, he rides down the wharf along with Sarahs cattle, and is able to cut off Carneys cattle , which are in a chute. He cuts the rope that holds up a stopper for the chute, stopping the cattle. Nullah drives the last steer onto the boat. Everyone regroups for a drink at the bar. Sarah walks in, and the barman again tells her that there are no ladies allowed. But a fellow at the bar says that she just drove cattle, and shes not lady and she deserves a drink. She and Drover drink a shot. The next day, she is all cleaned up and in a dress; she goes outside to see Drover working with the horse she promised him. She tells him that he is good with horses, and that she was thinking he could manage Faraway Downs. But he is not interested, reminding her that hes a Drover, and they do not work for anyone, so no one can hire or fire him. She also tells him that she is the guest of honor at a ball the next night, and there is a suit for him, although he does not want to go. At the ball, all the men are smitten with her. She eventually meets up with a doctor who runs the mission, and she tries to convince him to stop taking children away from their mothers. She insults the group by saying that they never ask the mothers about taking the children, and they certainly cannot ask the fathers because they are all there (men like Fletcher, et al) (The women are horrified at her accusations). In the midst of this, the first dance with Sarah (since she is the guest) is being auctioned off, and Carney offers 500 pounds. They dance and he tries to convince her to give up Faraway Downs, saying that the people who live there will be taken care of (hell put it in the contract). After the dance, she sits down, and he asks her if his lawyer should draft up the papers. However, everyones attention has turned towards the entrance. She realizes that it has gone quiet, and she turns around to see Drover, all dressed up. She tells Carney that Faraway Downs is no longer for sale. She walks up to him and he tells her that he could not let his dance lesson go to waste. They dance, as everyone is incredulous that she would dance with him (since he associates with aborigines). They leave the ball and walk down by the docks and bar. It begins to rain and they kiss again. Everyone is out celebrating the rain, and they go back to her room and make love. At the ball, a drunken Fletcher is stumbling about, and Carney basically tells him he is worthless because he was supposed to stop the cattle and he did not. But Fletcher is also dating Carneys daughter, so he better be careful. During the ball, the rest of the group is watching a showing of the Wizard of Oz, which Nullah loves. (They have to smudge him with ash because creamy people cannot attend) Next, it is back to life at Faraway Downs and the love between Sarah, Drover, and Nullah. Drover still goes on drives for horses, but mostly life is going well. Nullah says that King George wants him to go on a walkabout, in order to become a man. Drover tells him that Sarah is the boss, so only if she tells him he can. She does not want to let him go, but Drover argues that it is his culture. Interspersed in this part is a newspaper that says Carney died in an alligator attack. Really, the camera shows that Fletcher hit Carney into the water, and then he was attacked. One day, Fletcher stops by to talk to Sarah. He tells her Carney died in an alligator attack, and says how dangerous it must be in the wild. She wants him to leave, but he stays longer, ultimately pointing out a display of glass-tipped arrows. However, there is one missing He leaves, and Sarah tells the grandmother not to tell Drover he was there. In the morning (or later, time is all over the place in the movie), Sarah is distraught because Nullah is missing. She wants Drover to come help find him, but he tells her that he is safe with King George. This highlights the growing strain on their relationship, and their argument ends with her telling him not to return if he is going to be gone another six months driving cattle. But Nullah and King George are not safe. The police and a tracker are still after him, and they are both caught. Nullah is sent to the mission and KG is put in jail. One day, Sarah drives to Darwin; the town is being evacuated because of the growing threat of war. She is looking around, and then decides to walk down on the docks. She seems to sense someone, but she cannot put her finger on it until she hears Nullah singing (who had seemed to sense Sarah was there). She tries to get him back, but since he is part of the mission, he is being sent to an island where another mission is. The other women do not know why she is acting that way, but Fletchers wife wants her husband to do something. He tells her he will, and Sarah walks the dock and waves goodbye to Nullah, telling him she will get him back. Fletcher walks up to her and says they're taking the children to Mission Island, which is probably the 1st place the Japanese will bomb. he then says that if she'll sign Faraway Downs to him, he'll see what he can do for her & Nullah. Sarah stays and works in the city for the Army at their radio headquarters. Occasionally she gets to see Nullah, and today is such a day. She has made friends with Fletchers wife, and they work together at the headquarters. However, the war has other plans. The main radio for Darwin is located on the same island as the mission (I think it is actually called Mission Island). We see Japanese planes take off from a carrier and head towards Darwin and the Island. The mission boys are playing down by the ocean when they hear the planes, four of which swoop down and begin firing on and bombing the island. The rest of the planes head toward the city, where everyone is caught by surprise. One of the first places to be bombed is the Army headquarters, which just figured out that the island was probably bombed. Sarah walks toward the windows and sees the planes, and a large explosion occurs. The jail where King George is also bombed, and eventually the chief opens the door for the prisoners. Back in the outback, Drover and Magarri are setting up camp at the same spot they did when Drover danced with Sarah. Magarri is whistling Somewhere Over the Rainbow and Drover tells him to find another song. He starts on another song that Drover knows and reminds him of Sarah, so he tells him to stop again. Magarri tells him to just admit that he still wants Sarah, and makes reference to his first wife, who was Magarris sister. They also argue a bit about Nullah, with Drover saying that he should go on a walkabout because it is culture, and Magarri says he is always hiding behind aboriginal arguments. They then see a convoy of American troops driving down the road, and they both realize that something must be wrong in Darwin, where Sarah is. They both take off for the city. Meanwhile, Sergeant Callahan is walking through a makeshift hospital and two soldiers are carrying a body on a stretcher. The person in charge of the morgue tells them the person had better be dead or dying, and he asks the name. They say Sarah Ashley, and Sergeant Callahan turns around, and asks what the man said the name was. Drover and Magarri get to the city, and most of it is in flames. He finds someone who knows Sarah, and they tell him that she worked at the Army headquarters. He runs down there and the entire building is on fire. He wants to run in, but is stopped by Magarri and a bunch of others. He is convinced that she is in there, and must face the fact that she is probably dead. He begins walking through the city, and he thinks of all the memories of them together in various places. He makes it to the bar, gets a drink, and gets the barman to serve Magarri (who was not allowed in because he is black). Meanwhile, a priest is trying to get a boat to go the island. The barman, Magarri, and Drover go to the docks and get a sailboat and head over to the island. Sergeant Callahan asks to see the person they are caring and he pulls the sheet back. He says there is a mistake, that the woman is Fletchers wife. At this point, Sarah rounds the corner and sees her friend, and Sergeant Callahan takes her back outside. She then wants to go to the mission, but he tells her that the place was probably bombed first. Back at the island, Drover and the men see the place is in flames. They fear the worst, and slowly walk towards the burning houses. But they hear noises in the bush, and out come most of the children. Nullah calls out from behind him and Drover hugs him. Nullah asks if Mrs. Boss came too, but Drover tells him that they cant say her name anymore. (Implying she is dead, since they are not supposed to say the names of the deadjust in case you did not remember from the beginning) They are about to head towards the boat when a spotlight starts to light up the hill around them. Japanese troops are moving in, so they will have to swim out silently to the boat. They make it to the water, but it is unlikely they will get to boat without being seen. Magarri tells Drover to get the kids to the boat, and he will distract the troops. He takes a gun and fires some shots at the troops as the rest make it to the boat. Magarris gun jams, so in order to keep the others safe, he runs down the shore, but is shot in the back. The Japanese finish him off as Magarri watches the boat float silently away. In the morning, the Army is packing up the troops and any civilians and pushing farther inland. The last caravan is leaving and Sarah is hesitant to leave. The camera shows the boat is almost to the docks, as it is navigating around destroyed ships. Sarah is about to get in the truck when she hears a harmonica playing music. Its Nullah on the front of the boat, and the rest of the children eventually join in singing. She keeps hearing it, so she runs toward the docks. As the smoke clears and the boat comes closer, she sees Nullah and the rest. Nullah runs up the dock and gives her a big hug, saying he sung her to him. She asks how they got back and he just smiles and looks down the dock; she turns around and there is Drover. He is amazed she is alive, and they hug. The rest of the children come up, and Sergeant Callahan loads them up into the caravan. Sarah, Drover, and Nullah embrace, and Sergeant Callahan tells them Faraway Downs is probably going to be safe. Drover goes to the bar to get something while Sarah is on the docks. Nullah is walking in the space between. The camera shows Fletcher walking around, despondent over everything, from his place being bombed, to losing his wife. One of his old cronies comes up to him as he sees Nullah running around, and Fletcher takes his gun, telling the guy to find the police chief to say there is looting. During this time, King George has been watching events unfold from a water tower. He sees Nullah running and Fletcher beginning to take a position. KG starts ripping a section off the tower. Sarah senses something is wrong and yells at Nullah, and starts to run towards him. Drover looks back from the bar and can see Fletcher aiming a gun at Nullah. He runs from the bar to protect Nullah. A shot rings out as Drover reaches Nullah. Fletcher is shown holding the gun, ready to take another shot. But King George throws a spear at him, impaling him, saying, He is my grandson, and your son.. Fletcher dies, slumped over a pile of rubble. The police chief finds him, and looks at the water tower, but KG is gone. Drover is holding Nullah, telling him to wake up, and he does. He tells Drover he is ok, that there was no bullet. The family is headed back to Faraway Downs when they stop for the night, again at the place where they danced. Everyone is collecting firewood when Sarah looks back and sees King George. He beckons Nullah, and Sarah kisses him goodbye before he runs off. The final screen tells us that Australia finally ended their Stolen Generations policy in 1973. In 2008, the Prime Minister issued a formal apology for the governments actions.
tt0277434
Action,Drama,History
A French Army unit is on patrol in pre-Vietnam IndoChina in July 1954 during the First Indochina War. The captain of the patrol curses the land when they see nothing. Then, the unit is suddenly ambushed by hundreds of Vietminh soldiers who kill the officers and, although the unit kills many Vietminh, it is eventually overrun. One Vietminh officer, Nguyen Huu An (Duong Don), hypothesizing that if they take no prisoners the French will eventually stop sending troops, orders the execution of all surviving French soldiers. Eleven years later, Lieutenant Colonel Hal Moore (Mel Gibson), a dedicated U.S. soldier, is deeply committed to training his troops, who are preparing to be sent to Vietnam. The night before their departure, the unit's officers hold a party to celebrate. Moore learns from a superior officer that his unit will be known as the 1st Battalion / 7th cavalry regiment. He is disquieted because the 7th Cavalry regiment was the unit commanded by General George Custer in the 19th Century when he and his men were slaughtered at the Battle of the Little Bighorn in 1876. Moore is also dismayed because President Lyndon B. Johnson has decreed that the war would be fought "on the cheap," without declaring it a national emergency. As a result, Moore believes he will be deprived of his oldest, best-trained soldiers (a formal declaration of war would have meant mobilization and extension of the terms of enlistment for volunteer soldiers) - about 25% of his battalion - just prior to shipping out for Vietnam. Before leaving for Vietnam, Moore delivers a touching speech to his unit: "Look around you, in the 7th Cavalry,we got a Captain from the Ukraine, another from Puerto Rico, we got Japanese, Chinese, Blacks, Hispanics, Cherokee Indian, Jews and Gentiles, all American. Now here in the States some men in this unit may experience discrimination because of race or creed, but for you and me now, all that is gone. We're moving into the valley of the shadow of death, where you will watch the back of the man next to you, as he will watch yours, and you won't care what color he is or by what name he calls God. Let us understand the situation we're goin' into battle against a tough and determined enemy. I can't promise you that I will bring you all home alive, but this I swear: When we go into battle, I will be the first one to set foot on the field, and I will be the last to step off. And I will leave no one behind. Dead, or alive, we all come home together. So help me God." After arriving in Vietnam in November 1965, he learns that an American base has been attacked, and is ordered to take his 395 men after the enemy and eliminate them, despite the fact that intelligence has no idea of the number of enemy troops. He leads a newly created air cavalry unit into the Ia Drang Valley against over 4,000 well equipped enemy soldiers. An emotional toll is taken back home, where Moore's wife Julie (Madeleine Stowe) and another soldier's wife take over the job of delivering telegrams that inform families (mainly wives like themselves) living at Fort Benning, Georgia, the unit's base of operation, of soldiers' deaths. After landing in the "Valley of Death", the soldiers capture a Vietnamese lookout who informs them that the location they were sent to is actually the headquarters of an entire North Vietnamese division. Another American squad is isolated at some distance from the battalion's main position, after 2nd Lt. Henry Herrick (Marc Blucas) saw a scout, and rashly ran after him, ordering his reluctant soldiers to follow. The scout leads them into an ambush, resulting in the majority of the platoon members' deaths, including Herrick's. Sgt. Savage (Ryan Hurst) assumes command of the squad, and by calling in artillery and using the cover of darkness, holds off the North Vietnamese from their position. The story switches between the Vietnamese and American points of view several times. Despite being trapped near the landing zone, and desperately outnumbered, the main force manages to hold off the enemy North Vietnamese with artillery, close air support, and even calling a last resort 'Broken Arrow' airstrike at their most desperate point, killing some of their own soldiers but eliminating most of the Vietnamese offensive force. The American troopers regroup, secure the area and charge up the mountain where the Vietnamese division headquarters is located. The Vietnamese have set up heavy gun emplacements near the hidden entrance of the underground headquarters spoken of by the scout. Hal and his men charge right at them, into a seemingly impending massacre, but before the Vietnamese can fire, Major Bruce "Snakeshit" Crandall (Greg Kinnear) flies in with his helicopter and kills the Vietnamese guards with his side mounted machine guns. Meanwhile, the Vietnamese commander is alerted that the Americans have broken through the lines, and the headquarters has no troops between them and the Americans. He orders the headquarters evacuated. The stranded platoon led by Savage are rescued. Moore, having completed his objective, returns to the L.Z. to be picked up, and, after all of his men, dead or alive, are removed from the battlefield, steps on to a helicopter and flies out of the valley. Strong visual emphasis is placed on Moore's being the last American to set foot off the field of battle. At the end of the movie it is revealed that Hal Moore returned home safely after 235 more days of fighting.
tt0108358
Action,Biography,Drama
Curly Bill Brocuis (Powers Boothe) and his band of Cowboys slaughter innocent people at a wedding. Wyatt Earp (Kurt Russell) and his brothers Virgil (Sam Elliot) and Morgan (Bill Paxton) arrive in Tombstone, Arizona. The men hope to settle down with their wives and start a new life, this time without having to keep the law. When Wyatt Earp arrives, he meets long time friend and partner Doc Holliday (Val Kilmer). The two start talking about their past travels, and it is implied that Holliday is dying of tuberculosis. Holliday tells Earp that a group of vicious outlaw Cowboys run Tombstone. Earp goes home to a wife addicted to a laudanum, a common drug of the time mixing morphine and opium. Earp begins an affair with a traveling actress named Josephine Marcus. The Tombstone town marshal is killed by a Cowboy. An angry mob wants to lynch the murderer, but Earp steps in and prevents the man from being killed. Virgil, who feels sorry for the people of the town, agrees to take the position of town marshal. Virgil instates a new law that no men are allowed to carry weapons into town, and all weapons must be checked in on the outskirts of town. This law maintains peace in Tombstone for a while, but eventually Brocius and his gang come riding into town, completely armed. Virgil, Wyatt, Morgan, and Doc Holliday decide to confront the Cowboys and try and get them to give up their weapons. They confront the Cowboys at the OK Corral, and they tell the men of their intentions to arrest them. The men resist, and a shootout breaks out. The lawmen kill many Cowboys, but one by the name of Ike Clanton escapes and tells the other Cowboys the news. Later, the Cowboys ambush first Virgil, maiming him with a shogun blast to the back. They then creep up on Morgan who is playing billiards and fatally shoot him through the window of a door. Wyatt decides that the best thing for them and the people of the town would be for them to leave town. On the way out of town, they are ambushed once again by the Cowboys. Wyatt returns to Tombstone and vows to kill every last Cowboy. They track down and kill a number of Cowboys, shooting and hanging them. Wyatt is confronted by Johnny Ringo, a gunslinger and member of the Cowboys. Ringo challenges Earp to a duel. Wyatt accepts, but he and Doc Holliday both know that Ringo is a much faster gunfighter than Wyatt. In the next scene we see Ringo waiting for Earp to show up. Doc Holliday volunteers to take on Ringo and shows up ahead of Wyatt. Ringo isn't happy to face Doc who shoots Ringo. Wyatt arrives late to find that Doc has taken his kill. The lawmen leave Arizona and every character goes his separate way. Virgil goes to California to become sheriff of a small town. Doc goes to a hospital to spend the remainder of his days, where he is visited frequently by Wyatt Earp. Finally, Wyatt Earp is shown settling down with Josephine Marcus, and living out the remainder of his days in peace.
tt0074119
Biography,Drama,History
In June 1972, a smiling, confident President Nixon is about to address the American people. At the Watergate building in Washington, D. C., flashlight beams are visible through the windows of an office. Security guard Frank Wills discovers a piece of masking tape covering a door latch in the garage, and calls the police to report a possible burglary. Inside an office, one of the burglars announces through a walkie-talkie, "We're home." On the receiving end is a man watching from an adjacent window, who warns them of "activity." Three undercover police enter the building and arrest the burglars. The next morning, Harry Rosenfeld (Jack Warden) and Howard Simons (Martin Balsam), editors at the Washington Post, briefly discuss the burglary, including the large amounts of cash, 35mm cameras and walkie-talkies found in the burglars' possession, and the fact that they invaded the Democratic Party's national headquarters. Reporter Carl Bernstein (Dustin Hoffman) asks to cover the story, but it is given to Bob Woodward (Robert Redford). Woodward attends the burglars' arraignment and is surprised to learn that they have private council. The burglars, James W. McCord, Bernard Barker and three others, have a Mr. Starkey as their private attorney, even though they hadn't contacted anyone since the arrest. Back at the office, Woodward, Rosenfeld and Bernstein discuss the information they've gathered: McCord had worked for the CIA, though the CIA denies knowledge of him. That night, a policeman calls Woodward concerning some entries found in the address books of two of the burglars, which include the names "Howard Hunt" and "WHouse." Woodward calls the White House the next morning and asks for Hunt; he is referred to the office of Charles Colson, special council to the President. When he finally reaches Hunt, Woodward's questions are greeted with shock and evasiveness. Woodward continues his investigation, and is ultimately given an unsolicited denial of Colson's involvement in the Watergate burglary from the White House. Simons, realizing that the story is of national interest, believes it should be covered by a top political writer, rather than an inexperienced youngster. Rosenfeld disagrees, and partners Bernstein with Woodward. Bernstein begins his research by interviewing Karen, a former employee of Colson's. She describes both Colson and Hunt as very secretive, but she learned that Hunt was investigating Senator Edward Kennedy on behalf of the White House, doing extensive research at the White House library. At the news room, Bernstein contacts the librarian, who corroborates Karen's story, then suddenly denies any knowledge of Hunt. Woodward calls Deputy Director of Communications Ken Clawson at the White House, who denies that the librarian spoke to Bernstein. The reporters take their investigation to the Library of Congress but find nothing. The resulting news story is lacking in hard evidence, and Executive Editor Ben Bradlee keeps it off the front page. From a phone booth, Woodward calls an anonymous man, who refuses to discuss Watergate. The next morning, Woodward finds a note from the man in his copy of 'The New York Times' instructing him to contact him by placing a small red flag from a flower pot at the balcony of his apartment building. That night at 2:00 am, Woodward takes a series of taxis to an underground parking garage, where the anonymous man (Hal Holbrook) is waiting. Woodward promises the man that his identity will remain secret, then recounts the details of the investigation. The man advises Woodward to "follow the money." A few days later, The New York Times uncovers evidence of the Watergate conspiracy dating back to March 1972. Bernstein travels to Miami, Florida, where State Attorney Dardis has subpoenaed Bernard Barker's telephone and money records. Dardis's file contains several checks from a Mexican bank, and one from a Florida Bank issued to Kenneth H. Dahlberg for $25,000. Woodward contacts Dahlberg, an officer with the Committee to Re-Elect the President (CREEP), who gave the check to CREEP finance chairman Maurice Stans, who in turn gave it to Barker. At a meeting of Washington Post editors, feelings are mixed about continuing the Watergate investigation, with Rosenfeld as the strongest advocate. One editor admits that he simply does not find the story believable. At their next conference, Woodward and Bernstein inform Bradlee and Simons that the General Accounting Office (GAO) has discovered a secret fund containing hundreds of thousands of dollars among CREEP's accounts. Woodward's anonymous source, now referred to as "Deep Throat," points to the money as the key to the investigation. Bradlee is losing faith in the story, but Woodward and Bernstein are undaunted. They acquire a list of CREEP employees and attempt to interview several in their homes. One woman tells them to leave before they are seen, and is in tears as she closes the door. The reporters continue to visit CREEP employees, but virtually all refuse to talk; Woodward and Bernstein suspect an organized cover-up. After two weeks, they still have no solid evidence. Rosenthal further discourages them with the news that the GAO report will not be released until after Nixon is re-nominated for president, and only Hunt, the five burglars, and CREEP operative G. Gordon Liddy will be indicted for the Watergate burglary. Bernstein continues his efforts to interview CREEP employees, using any excuse to get inside their houses. One woman, a CREEP bookkeeper, admits that she had long been aware of the secret fund and mentions a list of 15 names with a dollar amount next to each. The list was destroyed, however. She refuses to disclose the names of the men who control the secret fund but she will identify initials. As Woodward and Bernstein transform the bookkeeper's comments into a story, they discover that former Attorney General and CREEP chairman John Mitchell controlled the secret fund, along with Liddy, Bart Porter, Jeb Magruder, attorney to the President Herbert Kalmbach, and one other. When the reporters visit the bookkeeper again, she indicates that they are being watched. Woodward and Bernstein next visit Hugh Sloan, who recently resigned as CREEP treasurer as an act of conscience. Sloan states that all CREEP activities are approved by the White House, and estimates the amount of the secret fund at close to $1 million. The two reporters describe John Mitchell's criminal activities to Bradlee, Rosenfeld and Simons; Bradlee is aggravated by the fact that none of the sources can be named, but still approves the story. Bernstein calls Mitchell at home to read him the story, in case he'd like to comment on it. Mitchell responds with vulgarity and threats, and issues a statement the next day denouncing the story, without pointedly denying it. Bernstein travels to Los Angeles to interview Donald Segretti, a young lawyer who, under the supervision of CREEP operative Dwight Chapin, sabotaged the campaigns of several Democratic presidential candidates. Back in Washington that night, Woodward meets again with Deep Throat, who explains that the Department of Justice was well aware of the infiltration and sabotage of the Democrats. As Woodward leaves the underground garage, he suspects that he's being followed and starts to run, though no one is behind him. Woodward learns from an FBI source that Segretti was paid from the CREEP secret fund by Chapin, who was hired by White House Chief of Staff H. R. Haldeman, suggesting that Haldeman is the fifth man who controls the fund. Woodward and Bernstein visit Sloan for confirmation of Haldeman's involvement, but rather than confirming the story, Sloan says he has "no problem" with it. Bernstein calls his source at the FBI, who confirms that "John Haldeman" controlled the fund. Woodward is not convinced, nor is Bradlee, but Bernstein gets further confirmation from a contact at the Justice Department and Bradlee runs the story. The following morning, Sloan denies implicating Haldeman, and the Nixon administration publicly denounces the Washington Post. The paper is barraged with criticism, and Bradlee is angered by his reporters' blunder, but he stands by the story. At Woodward's next meeting with Deep Throat, he learns that Haldeman runs the entire operation, Mitchell has the entire U. S. intelligence community involved in his covert operations, and the cover-up exists mainly to protect these covert operations. He is also told that he and Bernstein are under surveillance and their lives are in danger. Woodward heads to Bernstein's apartment and shares this new information via typewriter to keep their conversation from being heard. They wake up Bradlee at his home and disclose what they've learned from Deep Throat. Bradlee states that, even though half of all Americans have no interest in the Watergate affair, the future of the nation may be riding on it. In the final scene, Woodward and Bernstein are soon back at their typewriters, relentlessly working on the story as Nixon is sworn in for his second term on January 20, 1973. Sometime later, the Washington Post teletype reports the convictions and sentences of the conspirators, and Nixon's resignation from office on August 9, 1974.
tt0245844
Action,Adventure,Drama
In the turbulent days in which France was transitioning away from Napoleonic rule, Edmond Dantes (Caviezel) and his closest friend, Fernand Mondego (Pearce), have their ship (one that represents Morel's (Godfrey) Marseille-based shipping business) diverted to Elba after their captain contracts brain fever. After a dangerous encounter with the island's guards, assistance comes, unexpectedly, in the form of the personal physician of the exiled Napoleon (Norton). In return for the use of his doctor, Napoleon demands that Edmond deliver a letter for him and that the mission and the letter be kept a secret. Unknown to the illiterate Edmond, the letter will inform Bonapartists in Marseille how to stage a possible rescue of Napoleon. Also unknown to him, Fernand has discovered and read the letter and has full knowledge of its contents. On his return to France, Morel names Edmond captain of one of his ships, much to the anger of Danglars (Woodington), the ship's second-in-command who argued against going ashore. An improved station in life prompts Edmond to propose to Mercedes Iguanada (Dominczyk), Edmond's beloved who Fernand continuously fails to court out of jealousy for Edmond's happiness. After revealing his good fortunes, Fernand leaves in a quiet stupor with Dante and Mercedes agreeing to marry with a simple string to act as a wedding ring. Depressed by his friend's rise in status and happiness in his life, Fernand gets drunk and reveals to Danglars the contents of the letter, which would implicate him in committing a treasonous act by the standards of the French government. Edmond is taken by local authorities in front of the magistrate, Villefort (Frain). Despite his assessment that Edmond is innocent of the crime of sedition, he becomes disturbed upon learning that the letter was addressed to a "Mr. Clarion," who, in actuality, is Villefort's own father Noirtier Villefort (Jones), an outspoken Bonpartist, and a politically inconvenient father for a young man aspiring to a prominent law and political career in post-Napoleonic France. To eliminate all evidence that his father was involved in plans for an escape attempt by Napoleon from Elba, Villefort burns the letter and has Edmond arrested and taken to the Chateau D'If, a maximum security prison, where Edmond rots for over a decade, with no prospects of getting out. Edmond loses his faith in God as the consistent beatings in his imprisonment at the hands of the prison's cruel warden, Dorleoc (Wincott). Edmond befriends a fellow prisoner named Abbe Faria (Harris), who is a great scholar and who gradually transforms Edmond into a wise, learned and cultivated man in exchange for helping Faria tunnel out of the prison. Faria admits that he was a soldier who had burned down a church with a band of rebels inside to his everlasting shame. He decided to turn to religion as a priest to make amends for his sins. Being responsible for the great fortune of Caesar Spada during his days as a soldier, Napoleon had Faria arrested believing he knew where the fortune was hidden and kept him imprisoned until Faria admitted where it was, with Faria maintaining his ignorance of Spada's wealth. Along with finally piecing together how Fernand and the others were able to betray him, Edmond convinces Faria to teach him the skills of a soldier, including the use of a sword. One day, as Edmond and Faria dig, there is a cave-in that fatally injures Faria. He reveals that he lied about not knowing the location of the treasure and gives Dante a map to where it is buried. He begs Edmond to follow the teachings of God and to abandon his crusade for vengeance before dying. Edmond secretly places himself in Faria's burial sack, which is to be thrown over the cliffs and into the ocean alongside the prison. In an attempt to grab the keys from Dorleoc while being thrown, Edmond and Dorleac are tossed into the sea, where Edmond kills him and leaves his body in the ocean before swimming away. Edmond washes up on a shore far from the Chateau D'If, but discovers it has been inhabited by smugglers and pirates. Luigi Vampa (Blanc), the head of the group, offers Edmond the chance to save his life, if he wins a knife fight with Jacopo (Guzmán) for the entertainment of the crew after Jacopo had attempted to keep gold for himself instead of sharing it with the crew. Edmond wins, but spares Jacopo, convincing Vampa that both of their talents can be put to good use rather than just one. Jacopo pledges his life to Edmond for sparing him. Years later, the group makes their way back to Marseilles where Edmond and Jacopo decide to leave together for their own fortunes. Edmond meets with Morel again after the many years of imprisonment, although he doesn't recognize him and Edmond stays quiet on his identity. He learns from Morel that his shipping company was taken over by Danglars (now a baron), Edmond's father had hung himself after his son was sent to prison, Villefort is now a chief prosecutor after the mysterious death of his father, Fernand has inherited his father's estate after his death, and Mercedes has married Fernand. All of the targets of his revenge live in Paris among Parisian high society. Edmond leaves a small bit of a gold for the financially crippled Morel. Edmond and Jacopo sail to the island of Monte Cristo where they discover wealth beyond imagination, but rather than retiring to a life of leisure, his new raison d'etre is vengeance, with the objects of his revenge being Fernand, Danglars, Mercedes, and Villefort. Edmond realizes that to gain access to them, he'll need to reinvent himself, and uses some of his newfound riches to purchase a huge estate near Paris. He then proclaims himself to be the Count of Monte Cristo, and although nobody knows of him, his substantial wealth takes the elite aristocracy by storm. The Count plans a party at his new estate and invites many members of Parisian high society, including all the objects of his vengeance. Now having considerable access to each of them, one at a time, he begins setting them up for failure and suffering. The Count gains close access to Fernand and Mercedes by paying Vampa to stage a kidnapping of their son, Albert (Cavill). This enables the Count himself to save Albert. Having saved their son, the Count is now welcome in the home of Fernand and Mercedes. Edmond begins applying pressure to Fernand's financial life, forcing him to go back to Danglars and Villefort out of desperation. Albert mentions to his father that the Count had mentioned a "Spada shipment" and gold, leading Fernand and Villefort to deduce that the Count had discovered Spada's hidden treasure and that the next shipment of it will arrive soon. Fernand, Villefort, and Danglars plan to seize the treasure using Villefort's legal power to legitimize the theft, but are caught in the act as apart of Edmond's trap. Danglars is arrested while trying to off-load the shipment. Taking note of his mannerisms, Mercedes soon works out that the Count is actually Edmond Dantes, though the Count still harbors intense resentment as she married Fernand very shortly after his arrest and had Fernand's son, Albert, not long after that. Her marriage to the man that had put him away drives Edmond to despise Mercedes and keep her at arm's length, even as she insists that he is Edmond. The Count ultimately learns that Villefort had announced that Edmond was dead shortly after the onset of his imprisonment. Fernand, it turns out, had bargained for this announcement, from which he hoped to gain the hand of Mercedes, by murdering Villefort's father, at Villefort's request. Villefort is tricked into admitting this within earshot of the authorities and is arrested. After accidentally revealing information in a confrontation with Mercedes at his home, he admits to his true identity, what had happened to him, and angrily chastises Mercedes for marrying the man that had put him away. She reveals her string wedding ring, showcasing her devotion to him after all of these years, and they begin their love again. Fernand's financial ruin, from a combination of his own gambling problems and bad business investments that were crippled by Edmond's invisible manipulations, motivates him to leave Paris to evade his debtors and the law, being charged with several crimes revealed by Villefort's confession. Unwilling to follow Fernand with their son, Mercedes, finally, tells the Fernand the truth - Albert is the son of Edmond, as Albert was conceived before Edmond's arrest. With his life falling apart around him, Fernand leaves Mercedes and his son. Fernand arrives at the location where the treasure him and Villefort intended to steal would be kept, only to discover that the chests are empty save for one that has a King chess playing piece - a token him and Dante shared in their younger days. The Count reveals himself to be Edmond and confronts Fernand for his betrayal, but Albert, learning about the location of where Fernand was going, protects his father, believing the Count to be an adulterous traitor who stole Mercedes away from the family. Edmond threatens to kill Albert if he gets in the way of his vengeance, but Mercedes arrives before the fight is finished and reveal to both of them that Edmond is Albert's father. Shocked at both the revelation and the fact that Fernand willing let his own son fight to death with his own biological father to save his own life, Albert lets his guard down. Fernand takes advantage of this moment to threaten to shoot Albert to get away, with Edmond begging him to spare his life in exchange for Edmond giving up his quest for vengeance after him. Jacopo wounds Fernand with a knife toss, but his gun goes off, wounding Mercedes in the process. As Albert, Jacopo, and Edmond tend to Mercedes, Fernand rides away only to realize that his life is now over with no wealth, status, family, or innocence in the eyes of the law to support him. He demands Edmond come out and face him, with Jacopo consoling Edmond that confronting Fernand is the only way to end this whole ordeal and that even Faria would understand. Fernand tells Edmond that he could never live in a world where Edmond, the lowly son of clerk, had everything he wanted in life. They engage in a violent clash and ends with Edmond killing Fernand. Some time later, Edmond returns to the Chateau D'If after purchasing it, speaking to Faria from beyond the world that he was right about how empty his path of vengeance was in bringing nothing but pain, returning back to a life of family and God. He remarks that he intended to tear down the prison, only to change his mind and keep it up as a reminder of his past and what it represents, as it's revealed that Mercedes, Albert, and Jacopo have made the trip with him. Edmond promises to do right by them as they all leave the island together.
tt0079116
Biography,Crime,Drama
On the night of 18 January 1960, convict Frank Morris (Clint Eastwood) enters the federal penitentiary at Alcatraz, an island fortress situated in San Francisco bay, California. Soon after arriving, Frank is summoned to the office of the warden (Patrick McGoohan), who warns him that Alcatraz is unique within the U.S. prison system for its exceedingly high level of security. According to his file, Frank has an exceptional I.Q. and has absconded from other facilities, but the warden informs him that no inmate has ever successfully escaped from Alcatraz. During the conversation, the warden fails to notice that Frank has stolen one of the nail clippers on the desk. After being stripped search and given a dark blue prison uniform, Frank is escorted naked to his cell where one guard taunts him by saying "Welcome to Alcatraz". Over the next several days, Frank makes acquaintances with a few inmates among them are "Litmus," (Frank Ronzio), a lifer who keeps a pet mouse, "English," (Paul Benjamin) an African American man serving two life sentences for a double murder and the prison librarian, and Chester "Doc" Dalton (Roberts Blossom), an elderly man who paints portraits and once grew chrysanthemums at Alcatraz. However, Frank also encounters a bully named Wolf (Bruce M. Fischer), who harasses him in the showers and later attacks him in the prison yard with a shank. The guards break up the fight, and both men are sent to solitary confinement cells in D block, despite Frank merely acting in self-defense. Two weeks later, after being released from the brutal, isolated conditions, Frank settles into the routine of Alcatraz and a job in the carpentry shop and running books for English from the library. English commands deep respect in the prison yard, sitting high above the other inmates. When Frank approaches, English's friends try to stop him but English unexpectedly permits him to sit with him. Frank also befriends a new inmate in the adjoining cell, Charley Butts (Larry Hankin), in on a grand-theft auto charge that became a federal rap when he crossed state lines with the car. When the warden enters Doc's cell unannounced, he sees that doc has painted a very detailed portrait of the warden. At first the warden appears flattered but later he cruelly orders Doc's painting privileges to be eliminated without explanation. Devastated, Doc intentionally chops off three of his fingers in the carpentry shop with a hatchet. Frank and the other inmates soon learn that the warden found saw the portrait of himself among Doc's paintings and was responsible for ordering the sadistic penalty. In his cell one day, Frank sees a roach climb into the ventilator grill underneath the sink. Using the nail file he stole from the warden, he chips off a piece of the concrete around the opening. Along with brothers John and Clarence Anglin (Fred Ward and Jack Thibeau), who are Frank's friends from another prison sentence, and Charley, Frank plans an escape. Because the moist air and the salt water surrounding Alcatraz have softened the concrete foundation and corroded the metal over the last several decades, Frank thinks they can dig an opening around their ventilators large enough to crawl through and access the shaft leading to the roof. To mislead the guards during head counts, Frank suggests making papier-mâché dummy heads, using flesh-colored paint and hair from the barbershop. Since John works in the clothing shop, he can secure raincoats that can be combined with contact cement to make a raft and life preservers. Charley takes up painting to procure the colors needed to create the dummy heads and create cardboard coverings for the cell vents. Over the next several nights, as Charley keeps watch, Frank continues to scoop out his opening with the nail file and uses an accordion to disguise the hole. He later sneaks a spoon from the cafeteria and welds it to the file to provide a better grip for digging, a trick he learns from English using filings from a dime he gets from Litmus (who happily demands Franks desserts at chow time). Using a wedge he sneaks from the carpentry shop, he is able kick out the metal grill and takes his first peak into the shaft. Charley and the Anglins start to chisel their openings, while Frank creates his dummy head. When the decoy is finished, Frank lays the fake head on the cot as if he is sleeping and takes his first trip into the passageway. Initially the guard is fooled by the dummy, but later becomes suspicious when he notices that Frank has not moved. However, Frank miraculously returns to the cot before the decoy is exposed. The following day, Frank learns that the Anglin brothers are making progress on their openings and heads, but Charley is behind schedule. During the next trip into the passageway, John brings the raincoats and begins preparing the flotation devices. Meanwhile, Frank investigates the iron rods and hood blocking the exit to the roof and devises a makeshift drill from a small fan to remove their structural support. With the passageway clear and the rafts almost ready, Frank schedules the escape for Tuesday night, June 11, 1962. A few days later on the day of the planned escape, during mealtime, Frank places a chrysanthemum at the table in honor of Doc, but the warden stops by and crushes it, reminding Frank of regulations. Litmus is enraged, but as he reaches out to attack the warden, he suffers a fatal heart attack. Later, the warden requests a shakedown of Frank's cell and finds nothing unusual. However, when he hears that Frank and Charley stay up late conversing, he issues orders for the two inmates to be relocated to different cells as soon as possible. Meanwhile, Wolf has been released from solitary confinement and prepares to stab Frank with a knife, but English is able to intercept him. That night, Frank, John, Clarence and Charley plan to meet in the passageway and escape. However, Charley panics and fails to rendezvous with them. Carrying the flotation gear, Frank and the brothers access the roof and avoid the searchlights. From there, they scramble down the side of the building into the prison yard, climb over a barbed-wire fence and make their way to the shore of the island where they inflate the raft. The three men enter the water and begin kicking. The next day at dawn, a guard orders Frank to get up and prepare for relocation to a new cell. When there is no response, the guard slaps the head and it rolls on the floor. The alarm sounds and English smiles, knowing that Frank has escaped. As police search the area, there is no evidence to indicate whether or not the three inmates survived, but the warden does not want to blemish his perfect record and insists they drowned. On a rock by the shore, he finds a chrysanthemum and throws it in the water. The fates of Frank Clarence and Charley are left unknown even after an extensive investigation by the FBI.
tt0094716
Adventure,Drama,War
A rustic Afghan village in a dry, rocky terrain. The villagers look up to the sound of jet airplanes, explosions rock the hillside and buildings and a group of three tanks approach, firing and destroying more of the village. People and goats run for their lives. An Afghan man fires an anti-tank round but misses. Women pelt and hammer a tank with stones until a yellow smoke canister is deployed, the poison gas drives off the Afghans. The gas-masked soldiers get out and continue to ransack the village. Major Daskal (George Dzundza) a tank commander exits and fires his machine gun at another tank being attacked. Koverchenko (Jason Patric) runs to aid the other tank. An Afghan elder is captured and dragged to Daskal's tank and placed under the tread. An interpreter, Afghan tank crewman Samad (Erick Avari) demands to know where the mujaheddin are. As the women wail the village elder is crushed. The three tanks depart but Maj Daskal's tank misses a left turn and heads into an area surrounded by high ridges. Back in the village the menfolk return to see the destruction. Taj Mohammed (Stephen Bauer) is distraught and laments to his uncle Akbar (Kabir Bedi). A group of modern rebels arrive on motorbikes, led by Taj's cousin, Moustafa (Chaim Girafi) with his Ray-Bans, AK-47 and cigarettes. Moustafa reports the tank is lost in the valley of the jackals. Taj is now the village Khan as it was his elder brother who was crushed. His sister-in-law-to-be Sherina (Shoshi Marciano) brings out an old rocket propelled grenade (RPG) launcher to help avenge the deaths. The lost Russians stop to get their bearings. Major Daskal's map is partially burnt and doesn't have all the details. Koverchenko and Samad chat and Samad admits he doesn't believe in Muslim paradise. Suddenly the tank is attacked by the Afghans on the ridge, the Major fires a round close to the mujaheddin as the tank moves away. Moustafa fires the RPG but misses by a mile. Taj is angry and demands the RPG as the rebels squabble. Uncle Akbar has a leg wound but the Afghans continue to follow the tank. Hot and thirsty the Afghans approach a waterhole, one of them bends down to drink, Taj finds an empty poison box but it is too late and the drinking man suffers an agonizing death. Hidden in bushes not too far away the tank aims at the group by the waterhole. The round misfires and the men quickly evacuate. Maj Daskal suspects Samad had something to do with the misfire. The Major and Koverchenko enter the tank to clear the round. The shell is placed on the ground with a grenade booby trap. The tank continues on it's way. An Afghan finds the tank shell and blows his arm off when he moves it. Taj tells the others to leave the man food and water but Moustafa puts the badly injured man out of his misery. A pack of dogs and the village women arrive at sunset to bury the man. The walking Afghans come up to a man chanting by a large bonfire. He thinks Taj is David come to slay Goliath, the tank. The Russians have camped for the night and Koverchenko and Samad play chess and talk. Samad explains the Afghan philosophy of nanawatai, where anyone, even a sworn enemy can request sanctuary which the Afgans are obliged to provide. Golikov (Stephen Baldwin) and Kaminski (Don Harvey) fight and Maj Daskal discovers Kasminski has been drinking the brake fluid (alcohol) in his canteen. The Major also rips the last page from Koverchenko's diary. A grenade drops down and the Russians take cover. In a wild firefight the panicky Russians manage to get in their tank and drive away blindly. They stop again some distance away, Golikov has a face wound from shrapnel. Once again Maj Daskal is suspicious of Samad. They do a 360 degree sweep with all weapons as they fire tank rounds, flame thrower and machine gun after the perimeter security devices indicate intruders. Samad is sent to investigate. All he finds is a dead goat. At a river Daskal prevents Samad from his prayers and forces him to check the riverbed by walking into the water. While waist deep the Major kills him with a burst from the turret machine gun. Koverchenko is enraged and records the incident in his diary. Daskal rants about giving to the motherland, he fought as an 8 year old against the Germans in WW2 and was called "Tankboy". The three younger tankers start to discuss mutiny. Koverchenko reports they now have no food or water and running low on gas and leaking oil. After another argument Koverchenko is tied down and left on a slab rock with a grenade under his head. Koverchenko pleads with Golikov to let him loose to no avail. Uncle Akbar notices Sherina and the other women are following. Sherina has some C4 and grenades. The dogs find Koverchenko and nip at his heels, as he moves the grenade falls and goes off but Koverchenko is unharmed. Taj expresses doubts to his uncle as he leaves the injured older man behind. Motoring down a wide open area Daskal sees the Kandahar road up ahead in his binoculars. The Russians rejoice! But they have to stop, a large deep chasm blocks the way forward. Koverchenko bakes in the sun, now the Afghan women find him and start to stone him. Desperate, Koverchenko pleads for Nanawatai and the women stop. The men arrive and Taj grants the sanctuary and wonders why the Russians left him. At mealtime the Afghans prepare food and allow Koverchenko first dibs. The RPG is damaged and using simple language and gestures Taj gets the Russian to repair the launcher. Koverchenko also agrees to help destroy the tank. A Russian helicopter lands near the tank. The two young men are happy to board the aircraft but Major Daskal demands they get off, they are "tankers" and have to drive back. The pilot provides some jerrycans of fuel and says they have to go back the way they came. Golikov and Kaminski are stunned as the helo flies away in a cloud of dust. Hiding in rocks the Afghans are happy to see the tank come back. Taj lays out a plan to attack. The tank travels thru the night, Kaminski reports the engine overheating in the morning. At the waterhole the helo is there on the ground. The pilot and crew are all dead, not knowing the water was poisoned. In the distance the Afghans approach, Major Daskal sees Koverchenko running with the mujaheddin. The tank won't start, dead battery. The machine gun is out of ammo. Daskal begins a manual turret traverse cranking a handwheel. The tank fires an anti-tank round over the Afghan's heads, Koverchenko gestures and tells them to spread out. The tank starts up and moves away before Koverchenko can get a shot with the RPG. The Russian notices an oil trail and races after the tank. The tank has to follow a winding path in the canyon while the pursuing Afghans can take a straight line shortcut over the hills. Daskal notices them following and shoots at the ridges, finally the main gun runs out of ammo. Taj and Koverchenko get ahead of the tank and try to aim the RPG. Koverchenko fumbles but gets a shot off, a direct hit on the muzzle of the main gun. The tank continues to the Pass and apparent safety. Taj appeals to Allah and an explosion above sends a rockslide down onto the tank. It is stopped. Sherina and her women look down from above. The tank is disabled as the right tread is broken. Noticing leaking fuel, Koverchenko sends a firebomb that explodes under the tank. Golikov and Kaminski panic and Daskal issues them with grenades, he wants them all to suicide together. Kaminski refuses and the two younger men manage to disarm the Major. The three Russians get out with their hands up surrendering. Golikov gets on his knees disgusting both the Afghans and Daskal. Koverchenko taunts the Maj but uses his nanawatai protection to allow the Russians to leave on foot. At the crossroads Daskal pauses and falls behind the other two, the angry Afghan women approach screaming. At the burning tank Taj gives Koverchenko a souvenir rifle. Sherina arrives all bloody and apologizes to Taj. Another Russian helo arrives and the mujaheddin scatter. Taj calls for Koverchenko to come with them but he puts on the horse collar sling and is lifted up in the air.
tt0082432
Adventure,Drama,History
Western Australia, May 1915. 18-year-old Archy Hamilton (Mark Lee) is an idealistic young Australian rancher with a talent for running sprints. He is trained in sprinting by his uncle Jack (Bill Kerr) and idolizes Harry Lascelles, the world champion who ran a 100 yard sprint in less then 10 seconds. World War I has has been raging for a few months, and Australia is putting together regiments to help the British war effort. Since he can ride, young Archy wants to enlist in the Light Horse and be sent abroad to fight in the war as a duty of honor for his country. In the opening scene, Archy runs a 100-yard sprint while timed by Jack and comes in at 9.58 seconds. One day during a cattle roundup, Archy gets into an argument with a local rival and bully, Les McCann (Harold Hopkins), and they soon race against each other, under the condition that Archy will run bare-foot, and Les will ride his horse bareback. Les falls off his horse and Archy wins, but his feet are horribly mangled by the trek, with only a few days to recover for an athletics carnival. During this time of recuperating at home, Jack reads 'The Jungle Book' to the younger children of the family as a bedtime story, when Archy walks up and listens at the door. A passage where Mowgli reaches manhood, loses his innocence, and must leave the family of wolves that raised him is given particular prominence. Archy's political beliefs are influenced as well, as he hears several conversations taking place that convince him of the need to join the military. Eventually, Archy and Jack journey to the athletics carnival in the nearby town. Meanwhile, Frank Dunne (Mel Gibson) is an erstwhile railway laborer who is definitely down on his luck. He's a fast runner though, and tries to get some prize money at the athletics carnival race, but is defeated by young Archy, coming in second. After the race, Archy tells Jack that is is not coming home, but wants to enlist to flight in the war. He gives Jack all the prize money that he won, but keeps his winning medal as well as Jack's stopwatch. Jack reluctantly lets Archy go to enlist, but tells him that he does not expect him to return home... ever. Archy goes to a recruiting station to enlist, but is rejected by the local recruiter (who knows him) as he is underage (men have to be 21 or older to enlist). At a local tearoom, Archy meets with Frank and explains to him that he wants to join the Army and get involved in the war. Unfortunately, since Archy is underage, Frank suggests they travel to Perth on the west coast, where he is unknown, in order to enlist. As Archy and Frank are penniless, they secretly hop on a freight train. However, as they awoke the next morning, they discover the train had stopped at a remote desert station instead of Perth. The station attendant informs them that they could either wait two weeks for the next train or walk 50 miles across the dry lake bed to reach a location with more frequent service. Archy immediately sets off while Frank chases behind in an attempt to persuade him to stay, reminding him that they could die in the desert much as members of the Burke and Wills expedition did. After meeting a camel rider who points them in the direction of Perth, Archy and Frank stop for the night at a nearby cattle station, and from there they travel by train to Perth itself where they shack up with Frank's father who still resides there. Frank, who is of Irish descent, has little desire to fight for the British; however, bonds of mate-ship make him try for the Light Horse with Archy. He cannot ride, so he joins the infantry instead with three old mates in similar straits: Billy (Robert Grubb), Barney (Tim McKenzie) and Snowy (David Argue), who used to work with him along the railway line. Many of the motivations that compelled young men to join up appear: the propaganda associated with German atrocities in Belgium, the sense of adventure, the attraction of a smart uniform and the pressure from society to "do your bit." After enlisting, they are quickly embarked on a transport ship bound for the Mideast. At this point, Frank and Archy are separated as Archy goes off on one transport ship with the Light Horse, and Frank and his three friends board another ship. Moving forward to a few months later in July 1915, Frank and his three mates are in Egypt for training, encamped near the Pyramids, and spending their free time in Cairo, drinking, haggling with local merchants and visiting brothels. They express their contempt for the Brits during a rugby game near the Pyramids. One day, during a shambolic training exercise in the desert, Frank and Archy meet once again, and Frank is able to transfer to the Light Horse, as they are now being sent to the Gallipoli Peninsula as infantry, sans horses. After a formal going away party for the troops of Australia and New Zealand, Frank and Archy pack up and leave for their destination and destiny - Gallipoli, a narrow mountainous peninsula on the Turkish Ottoman European coast. Frank and Archy arrive at Anzac Cove in the dead of night and over the next several days, endure the hardships and boredom of the trench warfare that prevailed for much of the campaign. The ANZAC (Australian/New Zealand) forces are crowded against the shore, heavily dug in for protection against frequent enemy shellfire. In one place, the only route through to the front line involves running across a gully with a Turkish machine gun at the far end! During one night where reinforcements of Australian infantry arrive, Frank is reunited with his three friends and the four join with Archy for some casual talk. Frank's infantry mates fight in the Battle of Lone Pine on the evening of August 6, 1915. (The fighting is implied but not depicted.) Afterwards, Frank finds Billy shell-shocked on the beach after the battle and tells Frank what happened to the others: Barney was shot and killed, and Snowy is in a hospital severely wounded during the taking of the Turkish trenches at the Lone Pine plateau. Frank visits Snowy at the infirmary where he sees that he is in such bad condition that he is not being given any food or water or medicine. Aware that he may be mortally wounded, Snowy asks Frank to take his diary and have it sent to his parents back home. The following morning, Archy and Frank take part in the charge at the Battle of the Nek which is to act as a diversion in support of the British landing at Suvla Bay just up the coast. Archy is told by his commander, Major Barton (Bill Hunter), that he will be the runner, but he refuses the offer in order to save Frank from going into battle and having the risk of being killed. Frank is then made the runner and courier for the regiment commander. The Australian 8th and 10th Light Horse are to attack in three waves across a narrow stretch of very open and exposed ground only around 30 yards wide which is guarded by several by Turkish machine guns. The first wave is timed to go at dawn at 4:30 AM, at the end of an artillery bombardment. At dawn, the artillery guns of the Australian army and of British Royal Navy off shore unleashes a terrific bombardment on the Turks. Unfortunately, the Major Barton's watch is off by a seven minutes. He waits for the battleships to "finish them off" before sending his men over the top. This gives the Turks time to re-man their machine guns. Seeing the Turks re-occupy the trenches, Barton phones his superior, Colonel Robinson, who insists the attack proceed. The first wave of around 150 Austrian Light Horse troops goes over the top and is mercilessly cut down by a storm of rifle and machine gun fire within 30 seconds. A minute later, right before the second wave goes over, Archy recognizes his old rival Les and realizes he is about to go over with the second wave. The second wave of 150 Australians goes over, and Les is one of the first shot and killed. During the confusion, telephone lines to HQ are disrupted, so critical information cannot be relayed. Frank is sent running at top speed to tell HQ that the attack has failed, and that further assaults will be futile as well. But the arrogant and slightly insane Col. Robinson (acting on false information) believes that it has partially succeeded and he orders Frank to tell Barton that the attack continue at all costs. Frank returns to Barton and suggests he go over Robinson's head to the division commander, General Gardner. The dull-witted and frightened Lieutenant Gray (Peter Ford), Barton's aide and second-in-command, admits to Barton that he was the soldier who said to Robinson that he saw marker flags just before the telephone lines went dead. However, Gray only heard there were marker flags in the trenches but does not know who said it and that it must have been one of the soldiers before he went "over the top" and was killed. Barton sees and points out that no attacking Australian got more then 10 yards from their trench. On Barton's orders, Frank hurries to Gardner's headquarters down on the beach to get permission to cancel the attack. Frank is forced to run across the gully with the enemy machine gun at the far end, but makes it. On the beach, the General, hearing from a radio operator that at Suvla Bay, "the British soldiers are sitting on the beach drinking cups of tea", gives Frank the message that he is "reconsidering the whole situation", effectively canceling the attack on the Nek ridge. As Frank sprints back, the phone lines are fixed and the cynical and crazed Robinson orders that Barton continue to attack at all costs... even if it means the entire destruction of the Australian Light Horse Brigade. Barton considers joining his men in the final and futile charge and decides to do so aware that they are all going to die in the charge. After being given time to pray, write letters, and save their possessions to be sent to their families knowing they are about to attack an impregnable enemy position and they are all going to die in the progress, (Archy's possessions are the running medals he earned with Jack), Barton personally leads Archy and the rest of the 150 Australians of the third wave as they go over the top and they are all cut down by Turkish fire. Frank arrives only seconds after the men are sent over, and lets out a scream of despair... The final shots show Archy, the sprinter, running across no-mans-land as hard as he can towards the Turkish trench... his rifle gone. He almost reaches the trench, when he is hit several times in the chest by machine gun fire. He begins to fall... The final freeze-frame on Archy being fatally gunned down is an image that evokes Robert Capa's famous 1936 Spanish Civil War photograph of a soldier at the moment of death called 'The Falling Soldier'. The image slowly fades to black.
tt0099776
Drama,History,War
A young jewish boy, Solomon (Marco Hofschneider), is circumsized. Years later, on the day of his Bar Mitzvah, Kristallnacht occurs and his sister is killed. Solomon, his parents (Klaus Abramowsky & Michele Gleizer), and his two brothers Isaak (Rene Hofschneider) and David (Piotr Kozlowski) move to Lodz, Poland. The Germans attack Poland. Solomon's father sends him and Isaak away in hopes that they will find someplace safe. Isaak and Solomon are separated. Solomon is rescued by Soviet soldiers and is sent to a Soviet orphanage in Grondo. Solomon becomes part of the Soviet Communist Union of Youth. Germans attack the orphanage and as the orphans flee, Solomon is separated from them and later captured by German soldiers. Thanks to his fluent German, Solomon convinces the German soldiers that he is a German named Josef Peters. Solomon, now Josef (or Jupp) helps identify Stalin's son. Solomon is sent to aid Robert (Andre Wilms), a gay German soldier. Robert discovers Solomon is a Jew when he sees his circumcised penis. Robert promises to keep Solomons identity a secret. During a combat against the Soviets, Robert and two other German soldiers are killed, leaving Solomon by himself. Solomon then tries to surrender himself to the Soviet soldiers, but as he is walking across the battlefield other German soldiers command the Soviets to surrender. The Germans think Solomon is a hero and is sent to a Hitler Youth school. On his way to the Hitler Youth School, Solomon and the woman he is with have sexual relations on the train. It is revealed that Solomon and Hitler share the same birthday. At the school, Solomon is introduced as a war hero and a true German. He is assigned to room with Gerd who becomes his best friend. Solomon also meets Leni (Julie Delpy), a German girl who he falls in love with but cannot have sexual relations with because that would give way his true identity. In class they measure Solomon's face for racial purity and he is labeled to be Aryan, although he is Jewish. A doctor pays his once a year visit to the school but when Solomon finds out the medical exam requires him to be naked he fakes a toothache in order to hide his circumcision. Solomon and Leni have an argument in which Leni insults the jews and Solomon slaps her. Leni then calls him a limp dick and leaves. After not seeing Leni for months, Solomon visits her mother (Halina Labonarska) who tells Solomon Leni is pregnant with Gerd's baby. Solomon breaks down and confesses that he is Jewish. Leni's mom promises to keep his secret. Once he goes back to the school, Solomon is called to the police station to clear up an issue dealing with his papers. The commander asks for Solomons Certificate of Purity. Solomon says it is still in Grondo, but the commander says he will ask for it to be brought to him. Solomon feels that he is doomed, for his lack of Certificate of Racial Purity will give away his Jewish identity. As he is leaving the building, it is bombed, and Gerd who was outside is killed. The Hitler Youth students are sent to fight to defend Berlin. There Solomon surrenders to the Soviet army and tells them he is Jewish. The soldiers do not believe him and tell him that if he really were a Jew he would be dead or in a concentration camp. They have Solomon at gunpoint when Isaak, who has recently been rescued from a concentration camp, identifies him. Solomon and Isaak are released and go to Palestine which later becomes Israel.
tt0082096
Adventure,Drama,Thriller
The movie opens with a title card noting that 40,000 Germans went out on submarines in WW2, and that 30,000 never came back. In Fall of 1941 the German Atlantic U-Boat fleet is a mere 12 subs and the German campaign to rule the North Atlantic is turning against them. Three officers of U-96 are driving down a dark road by the shore. Enlisted sailors are drunk and hanging out on the road. They harass the officers in a fairly obnoxious way, including urinating on their car as it goes by. The officers (including, as you soon find out, the Captain) take this in stride. The next scene is in a raucous beer hall. It is an award banquet for a sub captain Thomsen (Otto Sander), who just received a commendation, as well as a sending off for U-96's crew. Various scenes of debauchery play out. The officers are just a bunch of rowdy kids having fun. U-96's Captain (Jürgen Prochnow) looks on calmly. The Captain is then introduced to a party reporter, Lt. Werner (Herbert Grönemeyer) who will be accompanying them on their next tour to report on the greatness of the Reich's sub crews. They meet the Captain's chief engineer and de facto second-in-command "The Chief", (Klaus Wennemann), who is older and obviously doesn't look forward to another tour. His wife is ill back home and he leaves to call about her. Thomsen is brought out, looking very inebriated and supported by two officers. They note sadly that all the crews these days are just kids, and that the old guard is almost gone. At the podium, Thomsen gives a speech full of what comes very close to anti-Nazi rhetoric (a couple guys in the audience, possibly SS men, look tense), but ends it on a positive note without saying anything too incriminating, obscenely praising their Fuhrer for his courageous stance against Winston Churchill and Britain. The Captain, Lt Werner & the Chief report to U-96 in the shipyards of La Rochelle, France. The Captain addresses his assembled crew and introduces them to Werner. Of most note are the first lieutenant (Hubertus Bengsch), a prissy young hardcore Nazi, and the second lieutenant (Martin Semmelrogge) who is a clever jokester and constantly winds up the first lieutenant. Lt. Werner, the reporter, is led to the junior officer's bunks where he finds out that even the officers have to share beds because of space constraints. Lt. Werner is ribbed by Pilgrim (Jan Fedder), another jokester, and befriends a very young officer, Ullmann, with a French girlfriend back home who he constantly writes letters to. You also get your first shot of Johann, the head of the engine room, a pale, gangly fellow whom the crew members call "The Ghost". The crew experience the drudgery of regular drills. Lt. Werner snaps pictures of everything in sight initially, but gradually calms down. The crew goes about their day to day business with increasing dreariness, all of them except the first lieutenant stop shaving and grow beards, and their moil is only broken by a false alarm arranged by the Captain to keep them on their toes. During this time you learn that the Captain has no love for the Nazis, and morale amongst the higher officers seems abysmal. The Captain at one point decides to see how deep the sub can dive. The gauge limits the "safe" zone down to only 170 meters, but the Captain, much to the chagrin of the crew, takes it down to almost 200. This causes ominous creaking noises to emit from the hull, and everyone is relieved when the Captain orders the sub back up. After more boredom, the sub receives a transmission that a convoy has been spotted. The crew leaps at the opportunity to go after them, but the Captain says they have no chance of getting there in time and so they go back to twiddling their thumbs. Shortly thereafter, they get a message about a convoy that they will be able to intercept, and the Captain kicks the sub into full gear to catch it. They approach the convoy in very heavy fog, but before they can even get close enough to see anything one of the escort destroyers spots them and the sub has to dive. After being depth charged repeatedly by the destroyer but taking no real damage, the Captain manages to lose them and escape. The Captain notes that the British destroyers are getting smarter, and that they no longer make mistakes. The crew is totally demoralised since they didn't even get close to sinking a ship and barely escaped with their lives, but still remain in fairly good spirits. Lt. Werner sits in the middle of the boredom of the crew. Half the crew ends up with crabs. They randomly run into one of the other eleven subs in the Atlantic, which is a brief happy interlude, followed by the Captain being annoyed at the horrible planning and navigation that resulted in 1/6 of the fleet being in the same spot for no good reason. A new transmission is received that there is a large convoy spotted and that several other subs are already converging on it. They decide to go for it too, and this time they approach the convoy unnoticed and fire several torpedoes at two of the freighters, landing direct hits. While they are launching the torpedoes they spot a destroyer in the distance, but don't think it will cause a problem. However, after launching the last of the torpedoes the Captain can't see the destroyer in the periscope any more. When he finally does see it, it is rapidly coming straight for them. They dive quickly and manage to get far enough away that the depth charges don't cause any damage. They hear the torpedoes hit, and are quite happy until the first dreadful ping of the destroyer's ASDIC (British sonar) system sounds. The sub sits there with the pings getting closer and louder, the destroyer approaching, unable to do much besides hope it doesn't notice them. It does notice them, though, and starts depth charging them like mad. You see a shot of Johann wedged under some machinery, holding his head in his hands and looking freaked out and miserable. The Captain manages to evade the destroyer, only to have a second destroyer come at them from a different direction. Left with no choice, the Captain orders them to dive VERY deep, well into the red zone on their depth gauge. The water pressure causes bolts to start popping inwards, damaging equipment and wounding a crewmember. At this point Johann, now totally out of his mind, stumbles onto the bridge babbling incoherently. The Captain orders him back to his post, but Johann just lurches towards him. The Captain moves away and eventually the other officers are able to get Johann out. As he winds himself down, the Captain sets aside his pistol. Finally all signs of the destroyers fade, and the sub remains under water for six more hours just to be safe. It then surfaces to find that one of the ships it torpedoed was an oil tanker, which is now surrounded by burning oil but hasn't sunk. The Captain orders another torpedo fired at it to finish the job. As this torpedo hits, the sub crew is able to see that there are still survivors on the tanker. The Captain is incensed that in six hours no one came to rescue them. The survivors swim towards the sub, but the Captain sadly orders them to move away. The crew who witness this, particularly Lt. Werner, are very distressed. Running low on supplies and fuel, the crew expects that they are now to dock at La Rochelle, France. Instead they are given grim orders: they are to secretly dock with an undercover German supply ship at Vigo, a neutral Spanish port. . Another top-secret communique is received and decoded: U-96 will not return to La Rochelle but instead make the crossing of the British-controlled Straights of Gibraltar into the Mediterranean to reach the Italian coastal town of La Spezia. The Captain knows that this is essentially a suicide mission since the Straight of Gibraltar is one of the most heavily defended Allied naval zones in the world, and he arranges for Lt. Werner and The Chief (whose wife is very ill) to leave the sub at the Spanish port and make their way back to Germany. Lt. Werner doesn't want to go, but the Captain insists that he's already been in too much danger. Werner agrees to take the junior officer's love letters (there are dozens of them) to his French girlfriend. Johann comes to the Captain and apologises for leaving his post, insisting that it won't happen again and begging the Captain to not court-martial him. The Captain is hesitant, but eventually accepts Johann's apology and sends him off. They make it to Vigo and the secret supply ship turns out to be fantastically well appointed. The officers go aboard and are treated like heroes by the fawning crew. The officers are sullen and do not take kindly to the princely treatment. They are even more annoyed by the ship's crew begging them to tell their exciting stories. The Captain's face and voice become haunted when he talks about their latest run and nearly being destroyed during the heavy depth-charging they received. In the midst of this the Captain receives a telegram from headquarters. Leave for Lt. Werner and The Chief has been denied. They have to stay with the ship til the end. The Chief is visibly upset, but says that it's a good thing as his replacement would be some incompetent kid. Lt. Werner is conflicted, but definitely unhappy about having to give the junior officer back his love letters. The ship is resupplied and they go on their way. The sub stops away from the Straights of Gibraltar to take stock of things. They can see a fleet of British warships patrolling the depressingly narrow gap between the cliffs. The Captain, for lack of a better idea, decides that they will make a silent run towards the gap, then dive deep at the last minute and hope that the tide can help them drift under the enemy fleet. No one, including the Captain himself, seems to put much stock in this plan. When the time is right, they begin their run towards the Straights. Unfortunately, considering advances in Allied naval RADAR technology, they are immediately spotted; a British fighter plane immediately begins strafing the sub and releasing a direct hit with a bomb. Shots from the ships begin exploding around them. The Captain and navigator (who is badly shot up) head back into the sub, which immediately starts diving. Unfortunately, due to the damage from the bomb the sub is unable to pull out of the dive. It goes deeper and deeper, past the point that the bolts start blowing out again and horrible noises come from the hull. The pressure causes several pipes to burst and parts of the sub start flooding. The sub eventually comes to a rest on a rock at about 280 meters down, well beyond the limit of the depth gauge. The sub is flooding badly and its engines aren't working. Meanwhile, the navigator is bleeding to death and the doctor is desperately trying to keep him alive. The crew goes into a panic of trying to patch up the damage and stop the water from flooding the entire sub. Amidst the chaos of people madly jamming whatever they can into the leaks, Johann heroically dives into a deep flood puddle to find and jam the source of a major leak. The Chief shimmies under floor panels to replace a bunch of damaged batteries, braving the noxious fumes created by the spilled battery acid in the process. As the leaks stop and the shot navigator stabilizes, the Captain and the Chief assess their situation. There is a bunch of damage to fix, and all the water needs to be bailed out, and if all goes perfectly they might have one shot at surfacing. They are also short on oxygen and need to do everything quickly so they don't run out. The crew goes about bailing the massive amount of water, bucket-brigade style, into the bilge where it will be blown out when they try to surface. The Chief starts repairs. After hours the water is all bailed and the crew is utterly exhausted from the effort. Oxygen is critically low. The Captain orders all men not on immediate duty to go to their bunks and relax, while the Chief continues his repairs. In their bunks, the sleeping men wear small oxygen to save air. The crew is all collapsed about the sub, oxygen deprived and resigned to death. Even the Captain despairs and blames his own recklessness for the crew's fate. The Chief finishes repairs, however, and believes that they still have a chance. The Captain and the Chief resolve to give it a try. They blow their ballast and slowly start rising. Johann fires the engines and, amazingly, they start and work. They surface and everyone takes ecstatic breaths of fresh air. On top of the observation tower, the Captain yells joyously that they can escape since the Brits presumed they were all dead. The sub limps back to La Rochelle. Droves of people are out to greet them, and the tired mariners get a heroes' welcome. They look exhausted but happy that they made it. Suddenly, an air raid siren sounds. Enemy warplanes swoop in, gunning and bombing everyone and everything in sight. Lt. Werner and the Chief manage to make it into a shelter along with a few of the sub's crew. After the planes leave Lt. Werner goes out to survey the damage. Most of the crew is dead. You see the corpses of Johann, the second lieutenant, Ullmann, and others. Finally Werner comes to the Captain, who is still standing... but a trickle of blood flows from his mouth and he slowly collapses. Werner looks on, horrified. The Captain lives just long enough to see U-96 sink from sight. The camera zooms out of the scene, with Werner holding the dead Captain.
tt0425637
Action,Adventure,Drama
In Autumn of 208 AD, 100,000 peasants fled with their beloved leader Liu Bei from Cao Cao's million man army. With the aid of heroes like Zhao Yun (the subject of the new "Three Kingdoms: Resurrection of the Dragon" film) and Zhang Fei, they escape across the Great River (Chinese 'Yangtze') to take refuge with Sun Quan, the leader of the south. As Cao Cao prepares his huge navy to invade southern China and destroy them both, geniuses like Zhuge Liang and Zhou Yu devise a grand strategy. They hope to destroy Cao Cao's 10,000 ships with fire upon the river, but must first trick Cao Cao into chaining his ships together, and then change the direction of China's famous and freezing North Wind. While these two struggle to put aside the rivalry between Liu Bei and Sun Quan's forces, they must hatch their legendary schemes before Cao Cao is ready. This synopsis is based on the events of the 600 year old story - "Romance of Three Kingdoms" - the favorite novel of over 1 billion Chinese people and the most famous novel in Asia. Director John Woo said in an interview with CCTV-6 that the film will use primarily the historical record Chronicle of the Three Kingdoms as a blueprint for the Battle of Red Cliffs, rather than the historical novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms. As such, traditionally vilified characters such as Cao Cao and Zhou Yu will be given a more historically accurate treatment in the film. On Its Theatrical Release when it the two parts were released as one film..... Part 1>> In the summer of AD 208 during the Eastern Han Dynasty, the imperial army led by Chancellor (or Prime Minister) Cao Cao embarks on a campaign to eliminate the southern warlords Sun Quan and Liu Bei in the name of eliminating rebels, with the reluctant approval of the Emperor. Cao Cao's mighty army swiftly conquers the southern province of Jingzhou and the Battle of Changban is ignited when Cao Cao's cavalry unit starts attacking the civilians who are on an exodus led by Liu Bei. During the battle, Liu Bei's followers, including his sworn brothers Guan Yu and Zhang Fei, give an excellent display of their legendary combat skills by managing to hold off the enemy while buying time for the civilians to retreat. The warrior Zhao Yun fights bravely to rescue his lord Liu Bei's entrapped family but only succeeded in rescuing Liu's infant son. Following the battle, Liu Bei's chief advisor Zhuge Liang sets forth on a diplomatic mission to Eastern Wu to form an alliance between Liu Bei and Sun Quan to deal with Cao Cao's invasion. Sun Quan was initially in the midst of a dilemma of whether to surrender or resist, but his decision to resist Cao Cao hardens after Zhuge Liang's clever persuasion and a subsequent tiger hunt with his Grand Viceroy Zhou Yu and his sister Sun Shangxiang. Meanwhile, naval commanders Cai Mao and Zhang Yun from Jingzhou pledge allegiance to Cao Cao and were received warmly by Cao, who placed them in command of his navy. After the hasty formation of the alliance, the forces of Liu Bei and Sun Quan call for a meeting to formulate a plan to counter Cao Cao's army, which is advancing slowly towards Red Cliff at godspeed from both land and water. The battle then begins with Sun Shangxiang leading a light cavalry unit to lure Cao Cao's vanguard army into the Eight Trigrams Formation laid down by the allied forces. Cao Cao's vanguard army is utterly defeated by the allies but Cao Cao shows no disappointment and proceeds to lead his main army to the riverbank directly opposite the allies' main camp where they laid camp. While the allies throw a banquet to celebrate their victory, Zhuge Liang thinks of a plan to send Sun Shangxiang to infiltrate Cao Cao's camp and serve as a spy for them. The duo maintain contact by sending messages via a pigeon. The film ends with Zhou Yu lighting his miniaturised battleships on a map based on the battle formation, signifying his plans for defeating Cao Cao's navy. Part 2>> Sun Shangxiang has infiltrated Cao Cao's camp and she has been secretly noting details and sending them via a pigeon to Zhuge Liang. Meanwhile, Cao Cao's army is seized with a plague of typhoid fever which kills a number of his troops. Cao Cao cunningly orders the corpses to be sent to the allies' camp, hoping to pass the plague on to his enemies. The allied army's morale is affected when some unsuspecting soldiers let the plague in, and eventually a disheartened Liu Bei leaves with his forces while Zhuge Liang stays behind to assist the Eastern Wu forces. Cao Cao hears that the alliance had collapsed and is overjoyed. At the same time, his naval commanders Cai Mao and Zhang Yun propose a new tactic of interlocking the battleships together with iron beams to minimize rocking when sailing on the river and reduce the chances of the troops falling seasick. The Eastern Wu forces look on as Liu Bei leaves the alliance. From front to back: Zhou Yu (Tony Leung), Sun Quan (Chang Chen), Lu Su (Hou Yong). Subsequently, Zhou Yu and Zhuge Liang make plans on how to eliminate Cao Cao's naval commanders Cai Mao and Zhang Yun, and produce 100,000 arrows respectively. They agreed that whoever fails to complete his mission will be punished by execution under military law. Zhuge Liang's ingenious strategy of borrowing of arrows with straw boats brought in over 100,000 arrows from the enemy and aroused Cao Cao's suspicions about the loyalty of Cai and Zhang towards him. On the other hand, Cao Cao sends Jiang Gan to persuade Zhou Yu to surrender, but Zhou Yu tricks Jiang Gan instead, into believing that Cai Mao and Zhang Yun are planning to assassinate their lord Cao Cao. Both Zhuge Liang and Zhou Yu's respective plans complement each other when Cao Cao is convinced, despite earlier having doubts about Jiang Gan's report, that Cai and Zhang were indeed planning to assassinate him by deliberately 'donating' arrows to the enemy. Cai and Zhang are executed and Cao Cao realised his folly afterwards but it was too late. In the Eastern Wu camp, Sun Shangxiang returns from Cao Cao's camp with a map of the enemy formation. Zhou Yu and Zhuge Liang decide to attack Cao Cao's navy with fire after knowing that there is a special climatic condition known only to Eastern Wu's forces, that the South-East Wind (to their advantage) would blow sometime soon. As the Eastern Wu forces made preparations for the fire attack, Huang Gai proposes to Zhou Yu the Self-Torture Ruse to increase their chances of success, but Zhou Yu does not heed it. Before the battle, the forces of Eastern Wu have a final moment together, feasting on glutinous rice balls to celebrate the Winter Festival. Meanwhile, Zhou Yu's wife Xiao Qiao heads towards Cao Cao's camp alone secretly, in hope of persuading Cao Cao to give up his ambitious plans but she fails and decides to distract him instead to buy time for the Eastern Wu forces. The battle begins when the South-East Wind starts blowing in the middle of the night and the Eastern Wu forces launch their full-scale attack on Cao Cao's navy. On the other hand, Liu Bei's forces, which had apparently left the alliance, start attacking Cao Cao's forts on land. By dawn, Cao Cao's entire navy has been destroyed. The allied forces launch another offensive on Cao Cao's ground army, stationed in his forts, and succeeded in breaking through using testudo formation despite suffering heavy casualties. Although Cao Cao is besieged in his main camp, he manages to holds Zhou Yu hostage after catching him off guard together with Cao Hong. Xiahou Jun appears as well holding Xiao Qiao hostage and causes the allied forces to hesitate. In the nick of time, Zhao Yun manages to reverse the situation by rescuing Xiao Qiao with a surprise attack and put Cao Cao at the mercy of the allied forces instead. Eventually, the allied forces decide to spare Cao Cao's life and tell him never to return before leaving for home. In the final scenes, Zhou Yu and Zhuge Liang are seen having a final conversation before Zhuge Liang walks away into the far distance with the newborn foal Mengmeng. [D-Man2010]
tt0265086
Drama,History,War
In early 1990s Somalia, famine and civil war have gripped the country, resulting in over 300,000 civilian deaths and a huge United Nations peacekeeping operation being sent in. With the bulk of the peacekeepers withdrawn by 1993, the Somali militia have declared war on the remaining UN personnel. In response, United States Army Rangers, Delta Force, and 160th SOAR are deployed to Somalia to capture Mohammed Farrah Aidid, self-proclaimed president of the country. Outside Mogadishu, Rangers and Delta Force operatives capture Osman Ali Atto, a warlord selling arms to the militia of Aidid. Shortly thereafter, a mission is planned to capture Omar Salad Elmi and Abdi Hassan Awale Qeybdiid, two of Aidid's top advisers. The US forces include experienced men as well as new recruits, including PFC Todd Blackburn and a desk clerk going on his first mission. When his Lieutenant is removed from duty as the result of a seizure, Staff Sergeant Matthew Eversmann is placed in command of Ranger Chalk Four, his first command. The operation is launched and Delta Force successfully captures Aidid's advisers inside the target building, but the Rangers and helicopters escorting the ground-extraction convoy take heavy fire, while SSG Eversmann's Chalk Four is dropped a block away by mistake. When Blackburn is severely injured after falling from one of the Black Hawk helicopters, three HMMWVs led by SGT Jeff Struecker are detached from the convoy to return Blackburn to the UN-held Mogadishu Airport. SGT Dominick Pilla is shot and killed just as Struecker's column gets underway, and shortly thereafter a black hawk, call sign Super-Six One, piloted by CW3 Clifton "Elvis" Wolcott, is shot down by a rocket-propelled grenade (RPG) and crashes deep within the city. Wolcott and his co-pilot are killed, the two crew chiefs are wounded, and one mortally wounded Delta sniper on board escapes in another helicopter that makes it back to base. The ground forces are rerouted to converge on the crash site, but the Somali militia throw up roadblocks, forcing LTC Danny McKnight's Humvee column off it's planned route, while sustaining heavy casualties. Meanwhile, two Ranger Chalks, including Eversmann's unit, reach Super-Six One's crash site, setting up a defensive perimeter to await evacuation with the two wounded men and the fallen pilots. In the interim, call sign Super-Six Four, piloted by CW3 Michael Durant is also shot down by an RPG, crashing several blocks away. With CPT Mike Steele's Rangers pinned down and sustaining heavy casualties, no ground forces can reach Super Six Four's crash site, nor reinforce the Rangers defending Super Six One. Two Delta snipers, SFC Randy Shughart and MSG Gary Gordon are inserted by helicopter to Super Six Four's crash site, where they find Durant still alive. Despite a valiant effort to defend the downed Black Hawk, the crash site is eventually overrun, Gordon and Shughart are killed, and Durant is captured and taken to Aidid. McKnight's column gives up the attempt to reach Six-One's crash site, and returns to base with their prisoners and the casualties. The men prepare to go back to extract the pinned down Rangers and the fallen pilots and MG Garrison orders the 10th Mountain Division, including Malaysian and Pakistani forces, to mobilize as a relief column. As night falls the Somali militia launch a sustained assault on the trapped Americans at Super Six One's crash site. The militia is held off throughout the night by strafing runs and rocket attacks from AH-6J Little Bird helicopter gunships of the Nightstalkers, until the 10th Mountain Division's relief column is able to reach the site. The wounded and casualties are evacuated in the vehicles, however extracting the bodies of Cliff Wolcott and his co-pilot from the downed Black Hawk turns out to be more involved and the column is forced to stay for nearly four more hours. After everyone and any dead soldiers are secured in the vehicles, the convoy leaves. When space inside the vehicles runs short, a handful of remaining Army Rangers and Delta operatives are forced to run from the crash site back to the stadium, in the UN Safe Zone, a journey dubbed the "Mogadishu Mile" by those who ran. The closing credits detail the results of the raid: 19 American soldiers were killed, with over 1,000 Somalis dead. Durant was released after 11 days of captivity. Delta snipers Gordon and Shughart were the first soldiers to be posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor since the Vietnam War. On August 2, 1996, Aidid was killed in a battle with a rival clan. General Garrison retired from active duty the following day.
tt0096486
Comedy,History
Yahoo Serious plays the lead role as Albert Einstein, a Tasmanian youth growing up on his parent's apple farm where he spends most of his time listening to music and thinking about the universe. When young Albert falls out of an apple tree and lands on a plank, causing a box of apples to fall on his head, he comes up with his first scientific theory: every action has an equal and opposite reaction. His father (Peewee Wilson) decides show him how to brew beer but, through all his successes, he can't seem to give his beer a proper head full of bubbles. In an attempt to please his father, and further his scientific prowess with his newly discovered formula, E=mc2, Albert succeeds in putting bubbles into beer, with catastrophic consequences. Doing so required the splitting of a beer atom and it causes the entire beer shack to explode. However, Albert's father proclaims him a genius and sends him off to mainland Australia to patent his idea as his mother (Su Cruickshank) bids him a tearful farewell. After weeks of travel, Albert catches a train bound for Sydney where he meets pompous Preston Preston (John Howard), head of the patent office, and Marie Curie (Odile Le Clezio), a Nobel Prize winning student of physics from France. Though Preston is less than impressed with Albert's rustic appearance, Marie is tickled pink by his theories on the universe. Once in Sydney, Albert proceeds to the patent office where he is quickly dismissed for not having a proper invention to patent. Albert decides to find a place to stay while he works on his theories and finds haven in a run down hotel, which turns out to be a brothel. There, he comes up with the theory of rock n roll and fashions his own electrical violin, explaining his idea scientifically. He brings it to the patent office as a genuine invention but is dismissed yet again. He meets up with Marie at the University of Sydney and talks more about his theories, getting kicked out of her class in the process for showing his formula. They spend more and more time together, discussing the theory of relativity while Albert comes up with new inventions. Marie implores Preston to give Albert a job at the patent office which Albert soon finds confusing while Preston confesses his love for Maria, along with his overall disdain for Einstein. Maria is less than impressed. Preston then finds Alberts formula for splitting atoms and decides to take it for himself and places Albert in a mental institution for mad scientists to keep him out of the way. He appears to fit in, discussing his theories with the other inmates despite receiving harsh treatment from the staff. After discovering what Preston intends to do with the formula (create the largest beer keg - essentially an atom bomb - in the world), Marie rushes to the institution to find Albert, disguised as his father. She finds him in the mens showers and, after a tender moment, tells Albert about Prestons plot. Dejected at first, Albert hatches an idea for escape using his theory of electrical rock n roll. He builds a new electrical guitar and hooks it up to the institutions main lines, shorting out all the circuits and opening all the doors. He escapes with the other inmates after avoiding a masculine nurse (Russell Cheek) and saving a pie full of kittens from a mad cook (Roger Ward). Then he crashes the Science Academy Awards where Preston has displayed his beer keg hanging from a hot air balloon. Albert manages to save everyone from certain doom using his electrical guitar to suck out all the energy within the bomb - a feat that would kill any normal man, but Albert is far from normal. He reunites with Marie and is congratulated by none other than Charles Darwin (Basil Clarke) himself. The government approaches Albert and asks him for the formula for splitting the atom, which Albert agrees to hand over. Marie questions his decision but Albert innocently states, If you cant trust the governments of the world, who can you trust? Albert takes Marie home with him to Tasmania where he sings and plays his guitar to swooning fans.
tt1007029
Biography,Drama
A frail and elderly Margaret Thatcher is at breakfast with her husband Denis. The small change of married life comprises their sporadic conversation. We glimpse the house staff and perhaps assume Thatcher is still at the height of her powers if no longer actually in office but their attitude doesn't seem to correspond; they are not disrespectful, but neither are they deferential and we seem to be in some kind of superior retirement home. Thatcher peeps through the door but cannot make sense of what is happening outside and nor can we. From the window we see with her the comings and goings of security staff, presumably Thatcher's personal protection team. It is only in a reverse shot when a woman finally comes to the Thatchers' door and inquires if everything is alright that we see no-one is at the table where Denis was sitting only a split-second earlier. Thatcher shops for milk at a convenience store. She seems bewildered by the price, talking about it to no-one in particular, and neither staff nor fellow customers seem to recognise her; to them she seems to be just another irritating old woman. One is impatient to the point of rudeness at being held up by her fumbling for the change to pay for the pint that is her only purchase. The scene has an air of unreality as if a dream sequence. Back at the house, overheard snatches of conversation make it clear that the staff are dismayed that Thatcher had escaped their oversight to make this impromptu excursion into the real world outside unescorted and thereby confirm that it wasn't a flight of fancy on her part. Still a symbolic if clearly diminished figure, looking after her seems to be no more than a necessary nuisance to those around her. Thatcher as a girl in Grantham experiences a second world war air-raid. She takes a not-inconsiderable risk as exploding bombs shake the house to leave the relative safety of the cupboard under the stairs but only to prevent some produce from spoilage by putting it away rather than to protect it from the raid as such. Later we see her as the focus of unkind remarks by her classmates from their point of view on the other side of the road. She seems isolated from them socially. In a large hall, now a young woman Thatcher is flirted with by Denis as a young man. They discuss marriage and his support for her apparent political ambition is made clear by him. He soon proposes. We later see them at the theatre together, talking and joking. At a meeting, she is patronised and condescended to by the local Tory party grandees who clearly don't take her application to be the candidate for parliament very seriously but she is unabashed. As a grocer's daughter, she points out, she knows the cost of living and how to budget and will thus appeal to the housewives in the electorate. Compared unfavourably with another, military gentleman candidate she avers that she also faced danger during the war. In parliament as a young Tory minister she rounds on the opposition politicians who have failed to offer her the respect she feels she deserves by lecturing them on their failure to attend to the content of her words rather than the manner in which they were delivered but her raised voice is gratingly strident and high-pitched. We witness a cabinet meeting with prime minister Edward Heath. Thatcher is quietly competent in her contributions but clearly a junior member of the government, seated as she is at the very far end of the cabinet table and having to lean forward to be seen by Heath who seems at first hardly to recall who she is. In a private meeting, two unnamed advisers counsel Thatcher to consider standing for the leadership of the Tory party; she is incredulous. She is next seen in a voice-coaching session. Advised to deepen her delivery and inject authority, she calls 'Denis!' loudly, in a notably lower timbre, and he visibly jumps in his chair although on the far side of the large room. The advisers smile in satisfaction. It is winter 1979. We see news headlines and archive footage about strike action. Leicester Square in central London is piled high with rubbish bags and Thatcher witnesses people stopping in cars to throw theirs on the pile on the pavement in front of her as she walks by while those around express concern at the smell. Her daughter Carol visits the elderly Thatcher and they discuss starting to sort through Denis's clothes and shoes so they can be sent to a charity shop. The task seems overwhelming to Thatcher both physically in terms of volume of material but also emotionally. She tries to speak to son Mark but cannot reach him by telephone. Thatcher speaks with one of the advisors in the Palace of Westminster underground car park as he is already in his car leaving. He drives away towards the exit ramp and Thatcher turns to walk to her own car but almost immediately there is an explosion and we cut to the car in flames outside; newspaper headlines tell us it was Airey Neave, victim of a car bomb. Pinafored and standing at the kitchen stove Thatcher yet incongruously speaks of state matters and the need to attend to them. Denis complains of her absences from family life and testily shouting that she shouldn't worry about them (her family) storms off. After much industrial unrest the miners are now on strike. A beleaguered Thatcher is driven away in her limousine through protesters holding placards bearing anti-Tory slogans as some hammer on the car's roof and windows, shouting angrily at her, faces contorted with rage and hatred. The elderly Thatcher watches a DVD of Carol and son Mark as children playing on the beach. After Argentina invades the Falkland Isles Thatcher has summoned the military top brass, determined to find whether it is possible to recover the islands. The consensus being that it is, if only barely, but is perhaps also inadvisable, Thatcher makes it clear that it must be done. Political speeches to parliament and scenes of preparation and the sailing of the task force follow. In a council of war she is given news of the Argentine ship the General Belgrano manoeuvring in the vicinity of the Task Force. Advised that it is a threat, she gives the order to sink it. The elderly Thatcher speaks to a doctor. She comments acidly on his modern phraseology, comparing it unfavourably with the plainer and more meaningful language of her prime. He asks her about symptoms of dementia, including hallucination. Having by now witnessed numerous scenes where she has plainly imagined the dead Denis, we note her vague discomfiture as she says no, but her mental faculties seem acute enough; Thatcher is apparently now aware that she is imagining him. We begin to doubt that she has either Alzheimer's or any other form of dementia. Cabinet members openly worry about their political careers because the government is so unpopular. Thatcher upbraids them for their lack of principle. Apparently on her way to a public appearance, Thatcher requires the aid of a seamstress to mend her clothing. She thanks Crawfie by name. We see her moments later as part of a cabinet group portrait, the cabinet members now smiling around her. The elderly Thatcher is hosting a dinner that includes former political colleagues. At the head of the table, she seems prime ministerial and asked to comment on Islamic extremism is forthright in her advocacy of resistance to it but seems for a moment to forget she is no longer premier as she speaks of what we must now do. There is a slightly embarrassed silence. Carol tells her plainly that she is no longer prime minister. We are at the Tory party conference in Brighton. It is very late, the early hours of the morning, and Thatcher continues to work in her hotel suite on important papers as Denis retires next door to bed. There is a sudden explosion apparently centred on the bedroom and the rooms of the suite disintegrate. Thatcher is distraught with concern, shouting for Denis who it seems must have died but he soon re-appears, unhurt and spirit unshaken, ruined shoes in hand (he had apparently been putting them outside the door to be cleaned and thus avoided the blast). The elderly Thatcher now always talks to Denis in the full knowledge that she is imagining him and he answers in kind, challenging her to make him disappear. She switches on all manner of domestic appliances, radio, television and hi fi to drown him out. When we return to where he was sat he has gone. Stalking the corridors of power Thatcher now seems isolated, glanced at menacingly by former trusted political friends and murmuring darkly about plots against her. The end of her political reign seems at hand. Suffering insomnia, Thatcher begins the herculean task of sorting through Denis's belongings. By morning it is done, to Carol's amazement when she arrives later. In the final scene of the film, Denis pads down the hallway barefoot, the last pair of shoes now in his hand, stopping at the far end to put them on and although Thatcher now begs him to stay, walks away telling her she will be all right.
tt0472062
Biography,Comedy,Drama
"Good-Time Charlie" Wilson, a flawed and fun-loving Congressman from the piney woods of East Texas, deftly operates the levers of power to funnel money and weapons to the Mujahideen of Afghanistan following the Soviet invasion of their country in late 1979. Charlie finds assistance in the oddest of places -- a renegade CIA agent whose outsider status and womanizing ways endears him to Wilson; a Houston socialite who leads Wilson to the cause; the willing Pakistani dictator fascinated by the socialite; the Israelis who modify and manufacture Soviet weapons to maintain the wink-and-nudge illusion of American neutrality; and the women -- ooh the women. Based on the story (and the excellent book of the same name) that is so true and engaging that artistic liberties are not needed, even if they are taken in the film.
tt1152836
Biography,Crime,Drama
The film opens in 1933 as John Dillinger (Johnny Depp) is brought to the Indiana State Prison by his partner John "Red" Hamilton (Jason Clarke), under the disguise of a prisoner drop (with Dillinger posing as the prisoner). Inside the prison, several gang members, Charles Makley (Christian Stolte), Harry Pierpont (David Wenham), Ed Shouse (Michael Vieau), Homer Van Meter (Stephen Dorff), and Walter Dietrich (James Russo) acquire guns smuggled into the prison inside boxes of thread sent to the prison's shirt factory, with which they take a few guards hostage and march them to the changing rooms. At the same time, the warden that meets Dillinger and Hamilton suddenly recognizes Dillinger. Dillinger admits to his identity, and at this point, he suddenly springs his handcuffs off, and he and Hamilton conjure shotguns and force the warden to open the door to the break room at gunpoint, at the moment that the other inmates come in. They force the guards to take off their uniforms at gunpoint. Everything goes as planned until Shouse suddenly beats a guard to death in a fit of rage and another guard gets shot. A running shootout ensues as the men run towards the waiting car. Unfortunately, a sniper on the wall shoots Dietrich in the back just as he is about to get into the car, mortally wounding him, and a furious Dillinger kicks Shouse out of the car. In East Liverpool, Ohio, Melvin Purvis (Christian Bale) and several other FBI agents are running down Pretty Boy Floyd (Channing Tatum). As Floyd sprints through an apple orchard, Purvis aims a rifle at him, fires one round, and misses, as Floyd fires back a burst from his Thompson submachine gun. Purvis sets his sights, aims, and fires again. The bullet goes straight through Floyd's chest and mortally wounds him. Meanwhile, Dillinger's gang reaches a hideout, where crooked Chicago cop Martin Zarkovich (John Michael Bolger) convinces them to hide out in Chicago, where they can be sheltered by the Mafia. Dillinger exchanges brief words with a Mafia car dealer and close acquaintance Anna Sage (Branka Katic). We next see Dillinger, Pierpont and Makley walking up the stairs into the lobby of a bank in Racine, Wisconsin, wearing dull overcoats and bowler hats. Pierpont, the lobby man, overpowers one of the guards and orders everyone to get on the floor, while Dillinger leaps over a railing, grabs the bank manager, and plays "Spin the Dial," by marching him to the vault at gunpoint. Makley clears money from the teller cages into a duffel bag. When the manager appears to be stalling, Dillinger strikes him over the head with a pistol and gives him the choice of being a dead hero or a live coward. The manager complies. Outside, we see Van Meter acting as the lookout, hiding a rifle under his coat. He turns to his left at the sound of screeching tires and sees a car pull to a stop in the middle of the street. He quietly backs into the doorway and taps his rifle against the door to inform the robbers inside that they have company. The men inside do not stop working, though, as the money bags are thrown to Pierpont, and Dillinger takes the bank manager as a hostage. He notices a customer with some spare money out and assures him, "I'm not here for your money, I'm here for the bank's." In the car, Hamilton, the getaway driver, checks his watch, and pulls forward just as the first cops climb out of their vehicle and run towards the bank. As the first cop reaches the door and tells him to leave, Van Meter asks "What for?" Before the cop can react, Van Meter suddenly whips out his rifle, strikes the cop across the neck (knocking off the cop's peaked cap), and locks him into a chokehold with his left hand, levels his rifle over the cop's right shoulder, and fires on the police. As pedestrians flee the scene, Dillinger, Pierpont and Makley exit the bank with their own hostages. The shields keep the police from firing on the robbers, until a detective fires a pistol. With their Thompson submachine guns, the robbers mow down the cops and speed away, dumping their hostages on the outskirts of town. In Washington, DC, BOI director J. Edgar Hoover (Billy Crudup) is frustrated after his latest request for additional funding is turned down, after he admits that he has not made a single arrest in his lifetime. Struggling to expand his Bureau into a national police agency, he meets with Purvis, and assigns him to lead the manhunt for John Dillinger, announcing to reporters that he is declaring the first "War on Crime". In Chicago, Dillinger meets Billie Frechette (Marion Cotillard), his love interest, at a restaurant, and proceeds to woo her by buying her a fur coat. Frechette falls for Dillinger even after he tells her who he is, and the two quickly become inseperable. Purvis and his men, meanwhile, trace the overcoat that Dillinger gave to a female bank teller hostage as a souvenir and also track down the car dealer. Tracing the car, he leads a failed ambush at a hotel where he believes Dillinger is staying. One agent, Warren Barton, is gunned down by trigger-happy Baby Face Nelson (Stephen Graham), who then escapes after a shootout. The next day, Dillinger, Pierpont and Makley walk into another bank, wearing overcoats to hide their guns. Dillinger and Pierpont walk towards one guard, whom Pierpont overpowers at the same moment that Dillinger whips out pistols in each hand. As Pierpont and Makley handle the lobby, Dillinger leads the bank manager over to the vault at gunpoint, training one gun on the manager and one on the lobby. That night, Hoover is seen reprimanding Purvis for his bungled attempt to arrest Nelson. Purvis demands that Hoover bring in professional lawmen who know how to catch criminals dead or alive, including Texas "cowboy" Charles Winstead (Stephen Lang). We later see Purvis greeting Winstead and the other new arrivals when they arrive at Union Station. Meanwhile, Dillinger, Billie and the members of Dillinger's gang spend some time in Florida watching horse races, then lay low in Tucson. While Dillinger and Billie are in their hotel room, three men with shotguns burst in and arrest Dillinger. Dillinger learns from Pierpont and Makley, who have also been arrested, that a fire broke out in their hotel room, the firefighters found their guns, and turned them in to the police. Dillinger is extradited back to Indiana where he is locked up pending trial. A syndicate lawyer, Louis Piquett, manages to convince the trial judge to keep Dillinger locked up in the Lake County Jail in Crown Point. Dillinger eventually escapes from Crown Point on March 3, a week before his trial, with another inmate, Herbert Youngblood, by carving a fake wooden gun, tricking a guard into opening his cell, then overpowering the other guards and escapes in Sheriff Lillian Holley's car. Dillinger is unable to see Frechette, who is under tight surveillance. Dillinger learns that Frank Nitti's (Bill Camp) Chicago Outfit associates are now unwilling to help him. And for a good reason: Dillinger's crimes are motivating the government to begin prosecuting interstate crime as a federal offense, which imperils Nitti's lucrative bookmaking racket. Later, Dillinger meets fellow bank robber Tommy Carroll (Spencer Garrett) in a movie theater; with him is Ed Shouse, who wants to rejoin the gang. Carroll goads Dillinger into a bank robbery job in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, promising a huge score. Even though Baby Face Nelson is involved, whom he doesn't like, Dillinger agrees, since he intends to use the money to break Pierpont and Makley out of prison. We next cut to a motorcycle cop pulling up on a street corner, where pedestrians are gathered, watching something with great interest. As the cop dismounts, gunshots suddenly ring out and pedestrians scatter as the cop falls, struck four times. The gunfire is Nelson, inside the bank, firing through a plate glass window. He screams "I got one!", laughs maniacally, and then fires another volley into the ceiling. Van Meter, startled by the noise, quickly grabs a hostage outside the bank while the men inside the bank just look oddly at Nelson. Frustrated at the fact that there is less money than they wanted, Dillinger grabs this bank manager and other hostages and they begin to leave. But as they leave, Nelson suddenly opens fire, sparking a shootout with police and vigilantes up and down the street. Dillinger is shot in the arm, and Carroll is shot in the head and left for dead. The men climb into their car, and retreat to a hideout at Little Bohemia Lodge in Manitowish Waters, Wisconsin. Dillinger expresses hope he can free the rest of his gang still in prison, including Pierpont and Makley, but Red convinces him this is unlikely to happen. Purvis and his men apprehend Carroll (who is still alive) and torture him to find the rest of the gang's location, despite the doctor's insistence on giving Carroll medication (and Purvis threatening to run him in for obstruction of justice if he tried to intervene). They arrive at Little Bohemia and Purvis organizes another failed ambush. Unfortunately, when a car leaves the lodge containing three locals, they mistake it for the robbers' vehicle, and they end up accidentally killing a few innocent civilians and tipping off the inhabitants inside. In the shootout that follows, Dillinger and Red escape separately from Nelson and the rest of the gang. Agents Charles Winstead and Clarence Hurt (Don Frye) pursue Dillinger and Hamilton through the woods on foot, engaging them in a running gun battle in which Red is mortally wounded. Down the road, Nelson shoots and kills Purvis's partner Carter Baum (Rory Cochrane) and steals his car. Purvis and another agent, Johnny Madala, hop onto an arriving BOI car and chase down Nelson, who picks up Shouse and Van Meter. As the BOI car closes in on the gangsters' car, Purvis opens fire from the running boards with his Thompson submachine gun. Van Meter returns fire with a BAR rifle until it jams. Purvis fires a shot that hits the radiator and causes Nelson to lose control of the car and skid off the road into a field, where it flips over twice before coming to a stop. Shouse is killed by the crash. Van Meter gets out of the car and tries to make a break for it, but is gunned down by Purvis. Nelson gets out and opens fire, and another agent is shot dead as he tries to draw a submachine gun. Simultaneously, Purvis fires his pistol and Madala fires a shotgun, both rounds hitting Nelson, who briefly falls over but continues to fire. Purvis continues to fire his pistol into Nelson until he finally falls to the ground, dead. Further down the road, Dillinger and Hamilton steal a farmer's car and make good their escape; Hamilton dies later that night and Dillinger buries his body, covering it in lye. Dillinger manages to meet Frechette, telling her he plans to do one last job that will pay enough for them to escape together. However, Dillinger drops her off at a hotel he thinks is safe and helplessly watches as she is captured. Tears sting his eyes as he drives away, unnoticed by the feds. An interrogator, Agent Harold Reinecke (Adam Mucci) viciously beats Frechette to learn Dillinger's whereabouts, but she refuses to talk; Purvis and Winstead arrive and angrily break up the interrogation. Meanwhile, Dillinger is meeting with Alvin Karpis (Giovanni Ribisi), who tries to recruit a disinterested Dillinger in a train robbery with his associates, the Barker Gang. Dillinger receives a note from Billie through his lawyer, Louis Piquett (Peter Gerety), telling him not to try and break her out of jail. Through crooked cop Zarkovich, Purvis enlists the help of Anna Sage, who is facing inevitable deportation and wants to set up Dillinger in an attempt to stay in the United States. The agents only know that there are two possible theaters Dillinger could be going to: the Biograph Theater, which is showing the Clark Gable gangster film Manhattan Melodrama, or the Marbro, which is showing the Shirley Temple movie Little Miss Marple. Ultimately, it is the former theater. When the movie is over, Dillinger, Sage, and his girlfriend Polly Hamilton, leave as Purvis and his men move in. Dillinger spots the police and tries to draw his gun, but is hit at least four times. Two bullets only nick him, while another goes through his chest, while the fourth and fatal shot enters Dillinger through the back of his head, tears through his spinal cord and brain, and exits above his right eye. Winstead leans down to see if Dillinger is saying something as he dies, but tells Purvis that he couldn't hear a thing. Later, Winstead meets Frechette in prison. He tells her that Dillinger's dying words were "Tell Billie for me, 'Bye bye Blackbird.'" The closing text reveals that Melvin Purvis quit the FBI shortly afterwards and died by his own hand in 1960, and that Billie lived out of the rest of her life in Wisconsin following her release in 1936, and died in 1970.
tt0087892
Adventure,Drama,History
The film is set in the 1920s during the period of growing influence of the Indian independence movement in the British Raj. Mrs. Moore (Peggy Ashcroft) and Adela Quested (Judy Davis) sail from England to India, where Ronny Heaslop (Nigel Havers), the older woman's son and younger woman's fiancé, is the local magistrate in the provincial town of Chandrapore. Through school superintendent Richard Fielding (James Fox), the two visitors meet eccentric elderly Brahmin scholar Professor Godbole (Alec Guinness), and they befriend Dr. Aziz Ahmed (Victor Banerjee), an impoverished widower who initially meets Mrs. Moore in a moonlit mosque overlooking the Ganges River. Their sensitivity and unprejudiced attitude toward native Indians endears them to him. When Mrs. Moore and Adela express an interest in seeing the "real" India, as opposed to the Anglicised environment of cricket, polo, and afternoon tea the British expatriates have created for themselves, Aziz offers to host an excursion to the remote Marabar Caves. The outing goes reasonably well until the two women begin exploring the caves with Aziz and his sizable entourage. Mrs. Moore experiences an overwhelming sense of claustrophobia that forces her to return to the open air. She encourages Adela and Aziz to continue their exploration but suggests they bring only one guide. The three set off for a series of caves far removed from the rest of the group, and before entering Aziz steps aside to smoke a cigarette. He returns to find Adela has disappeared; shortly after he sees her running headlong down the hill, bloody and dishevelled. Upon their return to town, Aziz is jailed to await trial for attempted rape, and an uproar ensues between the Indians and the Colonials. The case becomes a cause celebre among the British. When Mrs. Moore makes it clear she firmly believes in Aziz's innocence and will not testify against him, it is decided she should return to England. She subsequently suffers a fatal heart attack during the voyage and is buried at sea. To the consternation of her fiancé and friends, Adela has a change of heart and clears Aziz in open court. The Colonials are forced to make an ignominious retreat while the Indians carry the exonerated man out of the courtroom on their shoulders, cheering wildly. In the aftermath, Miss Quested breaks off her engagement and leaves India, while Dr. Aziz abandons his Western attire, dons traditional dress, and withdraws completely from Anglo-Indian society, opening a clinic in Northern India near the Himalayas. Although he remains angry and bitter for years, he eventually writes to Adela to convey his thanks and forgiveness.
tt0091530
Adventure,Drama,History
The film is set during the Jesuit Reductions, a program by which Jesuit missionaries set up missions independent of the Spanish state to teach Christianity to the natives. It tells the story of a Spanish Jesuit priest, Father Gabriel (Jeremy Irons), who enters the South American jungle to build a mission and convert a community of Guaraní Indians to Christianity. In the opening scene, a Jesuit missionary is lashed to a cross by the Guarani Indians who live above the spectacular Iguazu Falls. The missionary is then sent over the falls, cross and all, while praying fervently to God. His martyrdom inspires the gentle Father Gabriel to scale the hazardous falls and try to reach out to the tribe. Initially, the Guarani warriors prepare to kill him, but after Gabriel plays an unforgettable solo on his oboe, they allow him to live and he gradually wins their trust. Mercenary and slaver Rodrigo Mendoza (Robert De Niro) makes his living kidnapping natives and selling them to nearby plantations, including the plantation of the Spanish Governor Cabeza (Chuck Low). Mendoza subsequently finds his fiancee (Cherie Lunghi) and his younger half-brother Felipe (Aidan Quinn) in bed together. He kills Felipe in a duel. Although he is acquitted of the killing by Cabeza, Mendoza spirals into depression. Father Gabriel visits and challenges Mendoza to undertake a suitable penance. Mendoza accompanies the Jesuits on their return journey, dragging a heavy bundle containing his armor and sword. After initially tense moments upon reaching the outskirts of the natives' territory, though they recognize him, the natives embrace a tearful Mendoza and cut away his heavy bundle. Father Gabriel's mission is depicted as a place of sanctuary and education for the Guaraní. Moved by the Guaraní's acceptance, Mendoza wishes to help at the mission and Father Gabriel gives him a Bible. In time, Mendoza takes vows and becomes a Jesuit under Father Gabriel and his colleague Father Fielding (Liam Neeson). The Jesuit missions were safe, because they were protected under Spanish law. The Treaty of Madrid (in the year 1750) reapportions the land in South America. The land on which the Jesuit missions were located was transferred to the Portuguese, and Portuguese law allows slavery. The Portuguese colonials seek to enslave the natives, and as the independent Jesuit missions might impede this, Papal emissary Cardinal Altamirano (Ray McAnally), a former Jesuit priest himself, is sent from the Vatican to survey the missions and decide which, if any, should be allowed to remain. Under pressure from both Cabeza and Portuguese Governor, Don Hontar (Ronald Pickup), Cardinal Altamirano is forced to choose between two evils. If he rules in favor of the colonists, the indigenous peoples will become enslaved; if he rules in favour of the missions, the entire Jesuit Order may be condemned by the Portuguese and the European Catholic Church could fracture. Altamirano visits the missions and is amazed at their industry and success, both in converting the Indians and, in some cases, economically. At Father Gabriel's mission of San Carlos he tries to explain the reasons behind closing the mission and instructs the Guaraní that they must leave. The Guaraní question his authority, and Father Gabriel and Mendoza, under threat of excommunication, state their intention to defend the mission should the plantation owners and colonists attack. They are, however, divided on how to do this, and they debate how to respond to the impending military attack. Father Gabriel believes that violence is a direct crime against God. Mendoza, however, decides to break his vows to militarily defend the Mission. Against Father Gabriel's wishes, he teaches the natives the European art of war and once more takes up his sword. When a joint Portuguese and Spanish force of soldiers attack, the mission is initially defended by Mendoza, Fielding and the Guaraní. They are no match for the military force and Mendoza is shot and fatally wounded. When soldiers enter the mission village, they are slowed by the singing of Father Gabriel and the Guaraní women and children who march in the procession. The soldiers are reluctant to fire at a Mass. In spite of this, the Portuguese commander orders the attack and Father Gabriel, the rest of the priests and most of the Guaraní, including women and children, are gunned down. Only a handful escape into the jungle. Fielding sacrifices himself by killing the Portuguese commander and a few more soldiers before he himself is killed. In a final exchange between Cardinal Altamirano and Don Hontar, Hontar laments that what happened was unfortunate but inevitable because "we must work in the world; the world is thus." Altamirano replies, "No, thus have we made the world. Thus have I made it." Days later, a canoe of young children return to the scene of the Mission massacre and salvage a few belongings. They set off up the river, going deeper into the jungle, with the thought that the events will remain in their memories. A final title declares that Jesuits and others continue to fight for the rights of indigenous people. The text of John 1:5 is displayed: "The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it."
tt0913968
Action,Drama,History
Imperial General Pang Qingyun (Jet Li) survives a battle which wiped out his whole battalian. As he climbed out from the bodies lying dead in the battlefield, his numbed mind, deadened to life, he wanders around and ends up following a stranger (Jinglei Xu) who stops when she realizes that she's being followed. Pang continues moving forward and faints from hunger. The stranger takes him into a home and feeds him. In the middle of the night, she gets into his bed and they had sex. By morning, she has gone, but Pang regains his strength and his will to live. Jiang Wuyang (Takeshi Kaneshiro) is amongst those distributing food to the poor when he chanced upon Pang and they get into a fight. Apparently Jiang is testing Pang's skills and is impressed, and he brings Pang back to see "big brother" Zhao Erhu (Andy Lau). Here, Pang meets the lady stranger who fed him earlier, Lian (Jinglei Xu) and they exchange glances, and later they meet in secret where he finds out more about her background. The bandits make a raid against a food convoy of the Taiping. Pang makes his move just as Jiang is about to be killed and saves him, and moves to kill the leader of the convoy. The bandits cheer for Pang, with a bit of envy showing from Zhao. They return and feed the village but the food is confiscated back by attacking imperial troops. Zhao, Jiang and Pang swear to be brothers and they take Pang's survival suggestion to join the imperial army. They make some successful attacks against the Taiping, advancing quickly in ranks and we get an insight into the driving force behind Pang's motives - bringing peace to the people. He is able to focus beyond the current issues, not hesitating to sacrifice the lives of his people, even brothers, nor flinching away from secret political deals with his rivals. This brings conflict between Pang and Zhao, who always has the interest of his men first and believes in trust and honour above all. Third brother Jiang is caught between them, understanding the reasons behind Pang's motives yet believing in Zhao's loyalty. In the final conflict, Zhao is sacrificed by Pang and yet, himself killed by people in politics because of his ambition to bring peace. Jiang, believing the reason behind the conflict behind his brothers is caused by their love for the same woman, kills Lian, and made scapegoat for Pang's death.
tt0443272
Biography,Drama,History
The opening scene is a brutal, muddy melee. At close quarters in that wet place, the men on whom the camera closes in are attacking one another with bayonets, swords, fists, or even by holding an enemy's face in the mud to drown him. Many of the combatants are black. A voice-over says that the rebels (Confederates, or rebs) "killed every negro soldier they captured at Poison Springs... so at Jenkins Ferry, we decided we weren't taking no reb prisoners." The camera cuts to show the speaker, a black soldier in an army camp talking to someone who after a few seconds is revealed to be President Abraham Lincoln (Daniel Day-Lewis). The soldier (Private Harold Green, Colman Domingo) and his comrade (Corporal Ira Clark, David Oyelowo) tell Lincoln their names, ranks, and where they're headed next (Wilmington). They're pleased that they're finally being paid as much as the white soldiers, but Clark complains about the lack of commissioned negro officers and sarcastically predicts that whites might be able to tolerate a negro colonel in 50 years -- and "in 100 years, the vote." A couple of white soldiers who heard Lincoln speak at Gettysburg come up; one repeats the beginning of the Gettysburg address and his friend recites the next lines. They're called away, but Corporal Clark finishes the speech as he walks off. In January 1865, the recently reëlected Lincoln notes the imminence of the Civil War's end, wondering out loud what will become of the former slaves. He finds insufficiency, even hypocrisy, in his Emancipation Proclamation of 1863, which had freed most slaves as a war measure but had not made slavery illegal. Only a constitutional amendment illegalizing slavery, he realizes, will spell its permanent end in America. Debate rages even within his own cabinet, but as Lincoln sees it, the passage of the constitutional amendment cannot wait until the end of the war, for Southern slaves who had been freed as a war measure might fall into forced servitude once again. In an interview with a white couple from Missouri, it becomes clear that some, at least, of the popular support for the antislavery amendment is based on the belief that passing the amendment will hasten the end of the war. Under the questioning of Secretary of State William Seward (David Strathairn), the two admit that should peace break out without the amendment passing, they would no longer support it, fearing the effects the freed slaves would have on their local economy. The proposed Thirteenth Amendment has passed in the Senate but does not have sufficient backing in the House of Representatives. Lincoln takes it upon himself and his staff to find the votes needed by the end of January, which requires the granting of many political favors to members of their rival party. Lincoln and Seward will not stoop to outright cash bribery (not knowingly, anyway), but Seward hires three lobbyists to promote their cause by promising government jobs to Democratic members of the House who failed to win reëlection -- the lame ducks. The lobbyists are W.N. Bilbo (James Spader), Robert Latham (John Hawkes), and Richard Schell (Tim Blake Nelson). To pass the amendment, Lincoln needs the support of Preston Blair (Hal Holbrook) and his son Montgomery (Byron Jennings), the influential founders of the Republican Party and leaders of its conservative wing. The Blairs are eager to end the war. As a condition of his support, Preston Blair demands permission to visit the Confederate leadership in Richmond, Virginia, and invite them to send a peace delegation to Washington. This is awkward for Lincoln because he can't afford to end the war until the amendment passes, but he allows Blair to go secretly to Richmond. The bedrock of support for the amendment lies at the other end of the party: the Radicals, lead by the creatively abusive Thaddeus Stevens (Tommy Lee Jones) of Pennsylvania. The Radicals are abolitionists, and Stevens goes so far as to support full racial equality, including voting rights for black men -- an idea that angers and frightens most white people outside his own wing of the Republican Party. Lincoln's family life is emotionally fraught. His wife Mary Todd Lincoln (Sally Field) suffers constant headaches as the result of a carriage accident that she believes was an assassination attempt against her husband. Mary is deeply interested in the passage of the amendment, but Lincoln and Mary are still grieving the death of their son Willie three years before. The Lincoln household includes their youngest son Tad (Gulliver McGrath); Mary's dressmaker and friend Elizabeth Keckley (Gloria Reuben), a former slave who accompanies Mary on outings to the theater and the visitors' gallery of the House of Representatives; William Slade (Stephen McKinley Henderson), Lincoln's black valet; and eventually Tad's older brother Robert (Joseph Gordon-Levitt). Robert has been studying law at Harvard but comes home because his self respect demands that he enlist in the Army. Both his parents oppose the idea, being unable to face the prospect of losing another son. Robert eventually prevails upon his father to let him join up; Lincoln placates Mary by attaching Robert to the staff of General Ulysses Grant (Jared Harris), where he's unlikely to come to harm. Debate rages in the House of Representatives over the advisability of the amendment. Some politicians see peace as a necessary precursor to the passing of the amendment, but others see the passing of the amendment as a step on the road to the end of the Civil War. Lincoln's challenge is to play the middle, and he does so very effectively. The vote on the amendment is nearly postponed due to the rumor that a Confederate peace delegation is in Washington, ready to negotiate. James Ashley (David Costabile), the amendment's sponsor, is able to deny that a delegation is in Washington or on the way because Lincoln has cannily ordered the Confederate emissaries to be held at Hampton Roads, Virginia. The Thirteenth Amendment passes by two votes after Lincoln himself lobbies a few fence-sitting congressmen. Congressman Stevens borrows the official copy of the amendment and takes it home to show to his biracial housekeeper and common-law wife, Lydia Smith (S. Epatha Merkerson). Days after the vote, Lincoln and Seward meet with the Confederate delegation at Hampton Roads. The Confederates make negotiation conditional on Lincoln's written assurance that the Thirteenth Amendment will not be ratified. Lincoln responds that all the northern states will ratify it, and he has assurances that at least three Confederate states will do the same upon readmission to the Union; this makes the end of slavery a certainty. No agreements are made at the Hampton Roads Conference. About two months later, General Robert E. Lee (Christopher Boyer) surrenders at Appomattox Court House. Lincoln's double coup has paved the way for the peaceful readmission of the Confederate states to the Union, but he will not live to see it, as he is assassinated days after the surrender. In the closing scene, Lincoln delivers his second inaugural address.
tt1616195
Biography,Crime,Drama
The film opens with Hoover (Leonardo DiCaprio) in his office during his later years. He asks that a writer (Ed Westwick) be let in, so that he may tell the story of the origin of the FBI for the sake of the public. Hoover explains that the story begins in 1919, when A. Mitchell Palmer was Attorney General and Hoover's boss at the Justice Department. Palmer suffers an assassination attempt, but is unharmed when the bomb explodes earlier than intended. Hoover recalls that the police handling of the crime scene was primitive, and that it was that night that he recognized the importance of criminal science. Later, Hoover visits his mother (Judi Dench), and tells her that Palmer has put him in charge of a new anti-radical division, and that he has already begun compiling a list of suspected radicals. He leaves to meet Helen Gandy (Naomi Watts), who has just started as a secretary at the Justice Department. Hoover takes Gandy to the Library of Congress, and shows her the card catalog system he devised. He muses about how easy it would be to solve crimes if every citizen were as easily identifiable as the books in the library. When Hoover attempts to kiss her, she recoils. Hoover gets down on his knees and asks her to marry him citing her organization and education, but is once again denied. However, Gandy agrees to become his personal secretary. Despite his close monitoring of suspected foreign radicals, Hoover finds that the the Department of Labor refuses to deport anyone without clear evidence of a crime; however, Anthony Caminetti (Jack Axelrod) the commissioner general of immigration dislikes the prominent anarchist Emma Goldman (Jessica Hecht). Hoover arranges to discredit her marriage and make her eligible for deportation, setting a precedent of deportation for radical conspiracy. After several Justice Department raids of suspected radical groups, many leading to deportation, Palmer loses his job as Attorney General. Under a subsequent Attorney General, Harlan F. Stone (Ken Howard), Hoover is made director of the Justice Department's Bureau of Investigation. He is introduced to Clyde Tolson (Armie Hammer), a recently graduated lawyer, and takes his business card. Later, while reviewing job applications with Helen Gandy, Hoover asks if Clyde had applied. Gandy says he had, and Hoover interviews and hires Clyde. The Bureau pursues a string of gangster and bank robbery crimes across the Midwest, including the high profile John Dillinger, with general success. When the Lindbergh kidnapping captures national attention, President Roosevelt asks the Bureau to investigate. Hoover employs several novel techniques, including the monitoring of registration numbers on ransom bills, and expert analysis of the kidnapper's handwriting. The birth of the FBI Crime Lab is seen as a product of Hoover's determination to analyze the homemade wooden ladder left at the crime scene. When the monitored bills begin showing up in New York City, the investigators find a filling station attendant who wrote down the license plate number of the man who gave him the bill. This leads to the arrest, and eventual conviction, of Bruno Hauptmann for the kidnapping and murder of the Lindbergh child. After going to a Shirley Temple movie with Hoover's mother, Hoover and Clyde decide to go out to a club. When a girl asks Hoover if he ever wishes he had someone to keep him warm at night, he responds that he has dedicated his life to the Bureau. Another girl asks Hoover to dance and he becomes agitated, saying that he and Clyde must leave, as they have a lot of work to do in the morning. When he gets home he shares his dislike of dancing with girls with his mother, and she tells him she would rather have a dead son than a "daffodil" for a son. She then insists on teaching him to dance, and they dance in her bedroom. Soon after, Hoover and Clyde go on a vacation to the racetrack. That evening Hoover claims to be considering marriage to a girl he has been seeing in New York City, this provokes outrage from Clyde, and the two fight on the floor, culminating in a kiss. Hoover demands that it must never happen again. Years later, Hoover feels his strength begin to decline. He requires daily visits by a doctor, and Clyde suffers a stroke which leaves him in a severely weakened state. An attempt by Hoover to blackmail Martin Luther King, Jr. into declining his Nobel Peace Prize proves ineffective, and Martin Luther King, Jr. accepts the prize. When Clyde appeals to Hoover to retire, Hoover refuses, claiming that Richard Nixon is going to destroy the Bureau he has created. Clyde then accuses Hoover of exaggerating his involvement in many of the Bureau's actions. Upon Hoover's death, Helen Gandy is seen destroying stacks of files, assumed to be Hoover's rumored "personal and confidential" files.
tt0253474
Biography,Drama,Music
"The Pianist" begins in Warsaw, Poland in September, 1939, at the outbreak of the Second World War, first introducing Wladyslaw (Wladek) Szpilman, who works as a pianist for the local radio. The Polish Army has been defeated in three weeks by the German Army and Szpilman's radio station is bombed while he plays live on the air. While evacuating the building he finds a friend of his who introduces him to his sister, Dorota. Szpilman is immediately attracted to her. Wladyslaw returns home to find his parents and his brother and two sisters, packing to leave Poland. The family discusses the possibility of fleeing Poland successfully and they decide to stay. That night, they listen to the BBC and hear that Britain and France have declared war on Germany. The family celebrates, believing the war will end quickly once the Allies are able to engage Germany. Conditions for Jews in Warsaw quickly deteriorate. Wladek meets with Dorota, who accompanies him around Warsaw to learn of the injustice Jewish people have to face under the new Nazi regime. Businesses that were once friendly to them now won't allow their patronage. Wladek's father is harshly forbidden to walk on the sidewalk in the city by two German officers; when he begins to protest, one of the men hits him in the face. The family soon has to move to the Jewish ghetto established by Nazi rule. The Holocaust is starting, and the family, though well-to-do before the war, is reduced to subsistence level, although they are still better off than many of their fellow Jews in the overcrowded, starving, pestilential ghetto. Wladyslaw takes a job playing piano at a restaurant in the ghetto, turning down an offer from a family friend to work for the Jewish Police, and the family survives, but living conditions in the ghetto continue to worsen and scores of Jews die every day from disease, starvation, and random acts of violence by German soldiers. One night the family sees the SS march into a house across the street and arrest a family. The eldest man is unable to stand when ordered because he is confined to a wheelchair and the SS officers throw him over the balcony to his death. The other family members are gunned down in the street and run over by the SS truck if they survived. By 1942, the aged father must apply for working papers through a friend of Wladek's, so that he can take a job in a German clothier. However, the day comes when the family is selected to be shipped to their deaths at the Treblinka concentration camp. Henryk and Halina are selected and taken away and the rest of the family is sent to the Umschlagplatz to wait for transport. They are later reunited. As the family sits under the blazing sun with hundreds of other Jews waiting for the trains, the father uses the family's last 20 zlotys to buy a piece of candy from a boy (who apparently isn't aware of his own impending doom). Each family member eats a tiny morsel of candy, their last meal together. As they are going to the trains, Wladyslaw is suddenly yanked from the lines by Itzak Heller, a Jewish man working as a police guard. Wladyslaw watches the rest of his family board the train, never to be seen again. He hides for a few days in the cafe he played piano in with his old boss there. He later blends in with the ten percent or so of the Jews that the Nazis kept alive in the ghetto to use for slave labor, tearing down the brick walls separating the ghetto and rebuilding apartment houses for new, non-Jewish residents. He is put to work, under grueling, abusive conditions, building a wall. He thinks he sees an old friend Janina Godlewska (a singer), but she passes quickly. He learns that some of the Jews are planning an uprising, and helps them by smuggling guns into the ghetto. While carrying bricks, he drops a load of them, is viciously whipped by an SS officer and is given a new job supplying the workers with building supplies. He also helps smuggle guns in potato sacks -- the weapons will be given to the resistance fighters on the other side of the wall for the uprising. At one point, he is almost caught by a German officer, who suspects that Wladek is hiding something in a sack of beans. After this close call, he decides he must escape and take his chances in the larger city. With the help of friend, Majorek (who was the friend that got his father working papers a few years before), he escapes and finds Janina and her husband. They take Wladyslaw to his caretaker Gebczynski (a man with the Polish resistance), who hides him for one night. The next day Gebczynski takes him to a vacant apartment near the ghetto wall, where he can live indefinitely on smuggled food; he must be silent however, since several non-Jews also live in the building and believe the apartment is empty. There, Wladek watches part of the Jewish Ghetto Uprising of April-May 1943, for which he helped smuggle the weapons, and watches weeks later as the uprising is finally crushed and its participants killed. Later, Gebczynski wants to move Wladek as the Nazis have found the weapons of the Polish resistance, forcing Gebczynski to be on the run also. Gebczynski says it's only a matter of time before the Nazis find the apartment Wladek is hiding in. Wladek decides to stay put, feeling safer where he is. His friend gives him an address to go to in case of an emergency, and leaves, gravely warning Wladek not to be caught alive by the Nazis. Wladyslaw remains in the apartment a few more months until he has an accident, breaking some dishes. The noise has blown his cover, and he has to scurry out of the building, being chased by an angry German woman who suspects him of being Jewish. Wladek goes to the emergency address he was given, where he surprisingly meets Dorota, who is now married, pregnant, and her brother dead. Dorota and her husband hide Wladek in another vacant apartment, where there is a piano, but his new caretaker, Szalas, is very slack about smuggling in food, and Wladyslaw once more faces starvation, and at one point almost dies of jaundice. Dorota and her husband visit him, finding him gravely ill. They report that Szalas had been collecting money from generous and unwitting donors and had pocketed it all, leaving Wladek to die in isolation. Wladek recovers in time to see the larger 1944 Warsaw Uprising, in which the Poles tried to retake control of their city. Soon the Germans start attacking the building and he has to flee. The Poles had expected the advancing Soviet Red Army to help them, but the Russians did not come, instead allowing the Germans to put down the revolt, and drive the entire remaining population of Warsaw out of the city. Wladyslaw hides in the abandoned hospital that had been across the street from his second hideout. The Germans had by then decided to burn Warsaw to ashes, so Wladyslaw flees the hospital and jumps back over the wall into the ghetto, now an abandoned, desolate wasteland of bricks and rubble. He stays there, rummaging through burned-out buildings to find something to eat, and continues to hide, until one night a Nazi officer, Captain Wilm Hosenfeld, finds him. To prove to Hosenfeld that he is a pianist, he plays a somber and brief rendition of Chopin's "Ballade in G Minor", the first time he has played since he worked in the Jewish ghetto years before. Hosenfeld, moved by Szpilman's playing, helps him survive, allowing him to continue hiding in the attic even after the house is established as the Captain's headquarters. Hosenfeld eventually abandons the house with his staff when the Russian army draws closer to Warsaw. Hosenfeld gives Wladek a final parcel of food and his overcoat. He asks Wladek his surname, which sounds exactly like "spielmann", the German word for pianist. Hosenfeld promises to listen for Wladek on the radio. Hosenfeld also tells him that he only needs to survive for a few more days; the Russian army will liberate Warsaw soon. Shortly afterward, Wladyslaw sees Polish partisans, and, overcome with joy, goes outside to meet his countrymen. Seeing his coat given to him by Hosenfeld, they think he is a German and try to kill him, before he can convince them he is Polish. In the Spring, newly freed Poles walk past an improvised Russian prisoner of war camp, and Hosenfeld is among the prisoners. The Poles hurl insults at the Germans through the fence, but when Hosenfeld hears that one of the Poles is a musician, he goes to the fence and tells him that he helped Wladyslaw, and asks him to ask Wladyslaw to return the favor, before a Russian soldier throws him back down on the ground. The Polish musician does indeed bring Wladyslaw back to the site to petition the Russians, but they have departed without a trace by the time he gets there. Wladyslaw is unable to help Hosenfeld, but he returns to playing piano for the radio station. Closing title cards tell us that Hosenfeld died in a Soviet gulag in 1952. Wladyslaw lived to be an old man, dying in Poland in 2000 at the age of 88. The cards are intercut with footage of Wladek triumphantly playing Chopin's Grand Polonaise Brilliante in concert.
tt1504320
Biography,Drama,History
The film opens with Prince Albert, Duke of York (later King George VI), known to his wife and family as "Bertie" (Colin Firth), the second son of King George V, speaking at the close of the 1925 British Empire Exhibition at Wembley Stadium, with his wife Elizabeth (Helena Bonham Carter) by his side. His stammering speech visibly unsettles the thousands of listeners in the audience. The prince tries several unsuccessful treatments and gives up, until the Duchess persuades him to see Lionel Logue (Geoffrey Rush), an Australian speech therapist. In their first session, Logue requests that they address each other by their Christian names, a breach of royal etiquette: Logue tells the prince that he will be calling him Bertie from now on. At first, Bertie is reluctant to receive treatment, but Logue bets Bertie a shilling that he can read perfectly at that very moment, and gives him Hamlet's "To be, or not to be" soliloquy to read aloud, with music blaring so that he can't hear himself. Logue records Bertie's reading on a gramophone record, but convinced that he has stammered throughout, Bertie leaves in a huff, declaring his condition "hopeless." Logue gives him the recording as a keepsake. Later that year, after Bertie's father, King George V (Michael Gambon), makes his 1934 Christmas address, he explains to his son the importance of broadcasting for the modern monarchy in a perilous international situation. He declares that Bertie's older brother, David, Prince of Wales, will bring ruin to the family and the country when he ascends the throne, and demands that Bertie train himself to fill in, beginning by reading his father's speech into a microphone for practice. After an agonizing attempt to do so made worse by his father's coaching, Bertie plays Logue's recording and hears himself reciting Shakespeare fluently, amazing both himself and the Duchess. Bertie returns to Logue's treatment, where they work together on muscle relaxation and breath control, as Logue gently probes the psychological roots of the stammer, much to the embarrassment of the standoffish Bertie. Nevertheless, Bertie reveals some of the pressures of his childhood, among them his strict father; the repression of his natural left-handedness; a painful treatment with metal splints for his knock-knees; a nanny who favoured his elder brother, going so far as deliberately pinching Bertie at the daily presentations to their parents so that he would cry and his parents would not want to see him; unbelievably, not feeding him adequately ("It took my parents three years to notice," says Bertie); and the death in 1919 of his little brother, Prince John. As the treatment progresses, Lionel and Bertie become friends and confidants. On 20 January 1936, King George V dies, and David, Prince of Wales (Guy Pearce) ascends the throne as King Edward VIII. However, David wants to marry Wallis Simpson (Eve Best), an American divorcée and socialite, which would provoke a constitutional crisis--the sovereign, as head of the Church of England, may not marry a divorced person. At a party in Balmoral Castle, Bertie points out that David cannot marry Wallis. David accuses his brother of a medieval-style plot to usurp his throne, citing Bertie's speech lessons as an attempt to groom himself. Bertie is tongue-tied at the accusation, whereupon David resurrects his childhood taunt of "B-B-B-Bertie." At his next treatment session, Bertie has not forgotten the incident. After he briefs Logue on the extent of David's folly with Wallis Simpson, Logue insists that Bertie could be king. Outraged, Bertie accuses Logue of treason and mocks Logue's failed acting career and humble origins, causing a rift in their friendship. When King Edward VIII does in fact abdicate to marry, Bertie becomes King George VI. Feeling overwhelmed by his accession, the new king realises that he needs Logue's help, and he and the queen visit the Logues' residence to apologise. Lionel's wife is stunned to meet the royals in their modest home. When the king insists that Logue be seated in the king's box during his May 1937 coronation in Westminster Abbey, Archbishop of Canterbury Dr. Cosmo Lang (Derek Jacobi) questions Logue's qualifications. This prompts another confrontation between the king and Logue, who explains that he never claimed to be a doctor and had only begun practicing speech therapy by informal treatment of shell-shocked soldiers in the last war. When the king still isn't convinced of his own strengths, Logue sits in St. Edward's Chair dismissing the Stone of Scone as a trifle, whereupon the king remonstrates with Logue for his disrespect. The king then realises that he is as capable as those before him. In September 1939, shortly after the United Kingdom's declaration of war with Germany, George VI summons Logue to Buckingham Palace to prepare for his radio address to the country. As the king and Logue move through the palace to a tiny studio, Winston Churchill (Timothy Spall) reveals to the king that he, too, had once had a speech impediment but found a way to use it to his advantage. The king delivers his speech as if to Logue alone, who coaches him through every moment. Afterwards, the king steps onto the balcony of the palace with his family, where thousands cheer and applaud him. A final title card explains that during the many speeches King George VI gave during World War II (1939-1945), Logue was always present. Logue and the king remained friends, and "King George VI made Lionel Logue a Commander of the Royal Victorian Order in 1944. This high honour from a grateful King made Lionel part of the only order of chivalry that specifically rewards acts of personal service to the Monarch."
tt0095082
Drama,History,Sport
Chicago, Illinois in the early fall of 1919. A couple of kids get tickets and run to go see the White Sox play the final pennant game to get into the World Series. In the press box, sports writers Ring Lardner (Director John Sayles) and Hugh Fullerton (Writer Studs Terkel) are passing around comments to one another about the players. Entering the room is "The Old Roman", Charles Comiskey (Clifton James), the owner of the White Sox along with a group of sports writers and press agents into a nice banquet room with hors d'oevre's and champagne with Comiskey bragging about his ballplayers and them winning. While he is talking about them, we get glimpses of the star players of the White Sox on the field, to include Chick Gandil (Michael Rooker), pitcher Eddie Ciccotte (David Strathairn), Eddie Collins (Bill Irwin), Swede Risberg (Don Harvey), Hap Felsch (Charlie Sheen in a small role), Buck Weaver (John Cusack), Ray Schaalk (Gordon Clapp), and the legendary Shoeless Joe Jackson (D.B. Sweeney). While the game is going on, small-time gamblers Sleepy Bill Burns (Christopher Lloyd) and Billy Maharg (Richard Edson) are in the stands evaluating players who they think could be part of a plot to throw the World Series for some cash, since Comiskey grossly underpays most of his ballplayers compared to most other teams. They do not want Eddie Collins or Ray Schaalk to be part of it, since Collins is a college-educated man that gets paid well and Schaalk is too temperamental to even be considered part of it. Eddie Ciccotte is the key player they want because of his pitching record and nearing retirement in his late 30's. The White Sox win the pennant with Hap Felsch having caught the ball of the player in the outfield. The team wins and enters the locker room with Comiskey's secretary Harry Grabiner (Jack Merrill) giving them champagne for having won. They are delighted at having it, but it turns out the champagne is their bonus for having won instead of cash and all the team are disappointed. Their manager Kid Gleason (John Mahoney), tries to encourage them, but cut off and assured he's not part of their beef. Even more disappointing is the champagne turns out to be flat. Whereas Comiskey and the press agents are enjoying expensive champagne and hors doevre's giving him cheers. The team all poses for a group photograph. That night, many of the players are celebrating in a local gin mill. The illiterate Joe Jackson is having his wife read the paper to him about the day, Felsch, Risberg, Weaver, and utility player Fred McMullen (Perry Lang) are hanging around the bar area, and Chick Gandil is hanging out with a couple of ladies and a shady gambler, Sport Sullivan (Kevin Tighe), explaining his ordeal and Sullivan assures him he could get 6-7 men in to throw the World Series, but doesn't believe Gandil could engineer it, but Gandil reminds him of the cheapskate they work for. Burns and Maharg are also in the gin mill overseeing the conversation between the two with Burns believing Sullivan is just trying to get inside information about them. Gandil and Risberg are in the men's room using the urinals with Gandil explaining what he wants to do and McMullen overhears their conversation. Fearing exposure, Risberg lets him in on the projected fix the men will have on the World Series. After leaving the men's room, Burns and Maharg approach Gandil wanting to have a part in the bet presumably unaware that Sullivan already beat them to it. Gandil doesn't want to have more than one party, but Risberg facetiously asks "what will they do, call the cops"?, if they have all of them. Back at his home, Ciccotte is having his wife rub balm on his arm to help get it prepared for the World Series. And Buck Weaver is going home from the gin mill with local boys wanting to play a little catch with him. Ciccotte is dismissing Gandil's idea about throwing the World Series that he has a secure income, but Gandil insists his time is running out. Ciccotte goes to visit Comiskey for his $10,000 bonus for winning 30 games, but Comiskey denies it to him that he won only 29, even though he was benched for 2 weeks. Ciccotte approaches Gandil at a depot requesting $10,000 in cash before the first game and Gandil is delighted he's in on the fix. At horse race tracks in New York City, Burns and Maharg approach former boxing Champion Featherweight, Abe Attell (Michael Mantell), since he's an alleged messenger for powerful gangster Arnold Rothstein. Abe brushes them off at first thinking they're just small-timers. Risberg is at pitcher Lefty Williams' (James Read) home trying to convince him to join the fix to throw the World Series, since they now have Ciccotte, and he concurs. We are introduced to Arnold Rothstein, a shrewd, aloof, impersonal businessman and one of the most powerful mobster figures in the country. Attell is at his home trying to convince Rothstein to be the man for the fix to throw the World Series, but he denies he's interested without hesitation because he knows how these people work and how this type of people tried to bring him down when he was a kid. Attell leaves and Rothstein gets an operator on the phone to get someone to come see him. Attell lies and tells Burns and Maharg at a bar that Rothstein is interested, but not to let any of the information to leak out unless they want the deal off. Rothstein is having dinner at his lavish home and Sport Sullivan enters telling Rothstein that he can get eight men in on the fix, to include Ciccotte, but Rothstein tells him to just wait and not say or ask anything more for the time being. Sullivan leaves. Sullivan is at a train depot telling Jimmy (Phillip Murphy) an employee of his, about Rothstein's home. An employee of Rothstein's, Monk (Stephen Mendillo), steps in and tells Jimmy to leave. Monk drops $80,000 in cash telling him that the fix is on, Rothstein is in and Ciccotte is to hit the first ballplayer at bat to signal that the fix is on. He's also instructed to not in any way connect Rothstein to the fix. Sullivan wants Jimmy to take some of the cash and place bets elsewhere and that some of the players will get money, nevertheless. The ballplayers and sportswriters Lardner and Fullerton are all on a train to Cincinnati for the first game. Hap Felsch is now being summoned to be part of the fix, but refuses unless Joe Jackson gets in. Buck Weaver overhears the conversation and is outraged that the men are talking about a fix. Sullivan is on board as well offering them a drink of champagne. Risberg visits Jackson in his dark quarters with Jackson doing an old wives tale of staring at a candle with one eye covered to make his batting eye better. Risberg tells him about the fix and the simple-minded Jackson can't understand why they're doing it or want him part of it, but he's intimidated by Risberg and concurs. Weaver is troubled by the men's arrangement in this proposed scandal. The men are now in Cincinnati and Gandil is visiting Attell with other ballplayers thinking the man is a bluff in it because of the lack of cash. Ciccotte is secretly asking Gandil about the cash and he's told to just look under his pillow, compliments of Sullivan. Buck Weaver is at the empty ballpark practicing for the series and Kid Gleason approaches him. He almost decides to tell Gleason about what he's heard, but declines. Ciccotte is looking out his hotel room at the commotion of a street crowd opposing the White Sox. He then goes to his bed and finds $10,000 in cash under his pillow. The first game is about to begin. Kid Gleason tells Lardner and Sullivan that he hears rumors all the time about a fix and denies his players would be part of it. They pretend to believe him and both secretly agree to keep separate score cards for any player they feel is not performing up to par and to compare afterwards. Jackson, feeling guilty about what he now knows, tells Gleason he doesn't want to play, but Gleason angrily tells him he will. Gleason gives a lecture to his club before the game to give it all they have. Game One begins. Arnold Rothstein is at a conference room in New York where the game is being transmitted into Morse Code for the audience. Ciccotte hits the first player with his ball and Rothstein leaves the room knowing the fix is on. Cicotte's pitching is not up to par, catcher Ray Schaalk is frustrated at Ciccotte, the Red's keep scoring, and Buck Weaver is giving 100% into the game. At the end of the game, the Red's have won. Risberg approaches Weaver inquiring about his playing abilities and Weaver tells him he will have no part in the fix and take no money. Cicotte visits Lardner in his hotel room with Lardner trying to tactfully question him if there is anything going on or a fix, but Ciccotte denies it and Lardner reluctantly believes him. Joe Jackson is sitting on the bed in his hotel room with McMullen entering and placing a small sum of cash on the dresser drawer. Jackson simply accepts it and does not get up. Game 2. Lefty Williams is pitching. He is messing up constantly and Schaalk even more outraged than the previous game. A small aeroplane drops a dummy onto the field mocking the ballplayers. Game 2 has been lost and Schaalk angrily attacks Williams for his incompetence on the field with Gleason and Weaver breaking them up. Gandil is laughing and joking with other players and Gleason is angered at his jovial attitude thinking he's trying to deliberately lose and attacks him being broken away. Outside the ballplayers hotel, an effigy of the White Sox is being burned by fans of the Reds and there are numerous trips being made in between hotel rooms. Comiskey is awoken by Gleason to come to another room to straighten out the situation and Burns and Maharg go to Attell's room demanding cash to bet on the third game and given $10,000. They are being stiffed, but have no other way. Newcomer Dickie Kerr is being summoned to be the pitcher for the third game. Game 3 of the World Series. Chick Gandil gets to first base, but another player makes a hit and he deliberately slows down to get thrown out at second base and the sportswriters know right away he did it on purpose. Dickie Kerr (Jace Alexander) makes his first pitch and throughout the entire game pitching a no-hitter. Burns and Maharg are very upset, since all the $10,000 was placed on them losing the game. Buck Weaver is sitting on the front porch of his home with his wife (Barbara Garrick) coming out to talk to him. He tells her of the fix and tells her he wanted no part of it, but she supports him for what he's doing on his part. Game 4 is poorly played once again with Weaver upset at Ciccotte's bad pitching. Games 5 and 6 of the World Series the players are performing up to par again, but the gamblers are all outraged, despite their disappearance in the fix and Gandil being unable to contact them. Feeling they've now been abandoned, the ballplayers go back to their top performance. Arnold Rothstein is informed by an employee of his while he's at the barber shop at the end of game 5. At game 6, Monk pays a visit to Sport Sullivan in the stands for failure to live up to the gamblers expectations. Kid Gleason is being interviewed and insisting that all along his players all gave their best. Sullivan, by the orders of Monk and Rothstein, has a man dispatched that threatens to have Lefty Williams' wife killed if he does not lose the 7th game. Williams pitches a pathetic and painfully bad first inning and taken out of the the series by Kid Gleason. Joe Jackson hits a home run, but it does nothing to alleviate the losing score of the White Sox' game. They lose the 7th and final game of the World Series. By the end, Fullerton has five of the players circled on his list, with only Jackson, McMullen (who played only briefly at bat) and Weaver. Within the next year, sportswriters Lardner and Fullerton have interviewed Schaalk, Maharg, and maybe others about an alleged fix and now there is a $1,000 reward being offered by Comiskey for any alleged gambling. Weaver and Jackson are made aware of what's going on through the newspapers. Eddie Collins visits Comiskey at his office telling him he believes there might have been a fix, but does not want any reward money. Comiskey begrudgingly accepts Collins' suggestion and tells his secretary Grabiner to get his lawyer on the phone. Comiskey's lawyer, Alfred Austrian (Michael Laskin), tells Comiskey he wants to help him clean up the game, but business reasons will not help the players be found guilty in a court of law if they are guilty of gambling. Comiskey enlists a federal judge, Kenesaw Mountain Landis (John Anderson, the used car salesman in Psycho), to act exclusively in the interest of baseball and to be the Commissioner of Baseball to clean up the gambling elements of the sport, announcing it to a group of powerful lawyers and sportswriters Lardner and Fullerton of his enlistment of the man. Arnold Rothstein and Sport Sullivan are leaving the country by boat and train to flee the trial and Abe Attell is shown at a train station with a broken nose trying to read a newspaper in Spanish. Ciccotte is with lawyer Austrian at the Cook Co. courthouse to testify before a grand jury and waiver of immunity tearfully regretting his crookedness at what's happened. Jackson does the same too, not knowing what's going on, but assured that they just want to get rid of the gamblers and not the ballplayers. He reluctantly signs an "X" mark. Joe leaves the courthouse with a child in the crowd pleading "Say it ain't so Joe". Lardner now circles Joe as one of the suspects in the fix. Austrian tells the eight indicted players to simply cooperate and that they have the best lawyers to defend them. Weaver dismisses him that he's being paid off in this, but Austrian tells him as long as he doesn't know what's going on, he's better off. Austrian meets with Rothstein's lawyer that Comiskey and Rothstein both indirectly, but mutually agree to do away with the signed confessions. The ballplayers have their first day in court. Fullerton and Lardner are present with Fullerton telling Lardner it depends on where the ball rolls on what the verdict will be. They are all told before the testimonies they have conspired to commit a confidence game from a Charles Nims, possibly a pseudonym for Arnold Rothstein. Comiskey testifies that he only suspected them throwing the game, Burns testifies he was approached and did not profit at all from the fix, and Maharg testifies all of the players associated with the exception of Jackson, due to his confession before the grand jury. The judge (Dick Cusack, John's father), asks it to be brought forward, but the confessions were "stolen", more than likely paid off by Rothstein or Comiskey from the meeting their lawyers had. Ciccotte is home with his wife (Maggie Renzi) that night telling her his plans for her and the kids if he goes to jail and tells her of all the injustice with the powers that be and that they are the conspiracy. The next hearing, Collins takes the stand telling the lawyer he didn't know about it because of his limited association with the players due to personal differences, but only suspected it, and Weaver has an outburst with the judge because he refused to take part of the scandal and gave it his all.in the games. Jackson is with his wife at his home telling her he just wants to go back and play baseball and doesn't know what he'll do if he doesn't. At the next hearing, their manager Kid Gleason testifies his years in baseball defending them that people make mistakes in life and are human, but declares his ballplayers are the best he's ever had. Buck Weaver is out hanging around the brownstones in his neighborhood with the local kids and tells them not to be so hard on the players and about how hard life gets when you're older assuring them he will be on the field next year playing his heart out. At the final hearing, the ballplayers are all found not guilty in court. They all cheer, but Comiskey is outraged that he will make them pay for all this. That night, they have a lavish welcoming dinner for them at a hotel. Judge Landis is making a statement before the sportswriters, to include Lardner and Fullerton, that no ballplayer that gambles or hears anything about gambling and doesn't inform anybody, will never play baseball again. This is a private sector decision made the courts are not able to do anything about. In New Jersey in 1925, a young trio of baseball fans watching a minor league team are sitting in the stands wondering who this guy Brown is who's playing so well. It's Shoeless Joe Jackson and one of them knows it's him, but one denies it and another one doesn't know who Joe Jackson is. Buck Weaver is in the stands watching as well and tells them Joe Jackson was the best ever, but that's not the man on the field. After "Brown" being cheered for his playing, it's announced on the screen that Joe Jackson and the other banned players never played professional baseball again and that Buck Weaver tried to clear his name until his death with his appeals denied.
tt1013753
Biography,Drama
As the opening credits roll, old black and white newsreel footage from what looks like the 50s and early 60s flashes by of men being rounded up (and roughed up) by the police. Newspaper headlines break up the footage, announcing police raids of gay bars: "Crackdown of Homosexual Bars", "Men Charged in Taverns", etc. The men are all very well-dressed, clean-cut, and incredibly embarrassed, holding their hands over their faces, some with their suit coats over their heads. They are loaded up into paddy wagons as police push and shove them, snickering. Some of the men sit in large rooms, awaiting questioning and photographic, looking like their whole lives have just been destroyed. The narration of this film is carried out by Harvey Milk speaking into a tape recorded in 1978, dictating a letter to be read (or in this case, listened to) only in the event of his assassination. As he narrates, we catch glimpses of Milk in front of various groups, giving speeches, using attention-getting opening lines that vary with every crowd. In front of Lesbian/Gay/Bisexual/Transgender (LGBT) crowds, he opens with "My name is Harvey Milk and I want to recruit you." In front of burly straight union workers, he opts for, "My name is Harvey Milk, and sorry I am not what you expected, but I left my high heels at home". In narration, Milk explains gay activists are targets for being so visible. There's a sudden newsreel clip of what looks like actual footage of a very young Diane Fienstein making the announcement both Milk and San Francisco Mayor George Moscone were assassinated (NOTE: for the unaware, that's California's current Senator Diane Fienstein, who in 1978 was president of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors, who became Mayor upon Moscone's assassination, and later, of course, United States Senator). Milk, narrating his "Only Read If I Am Assassinated Letter" frames the rest of the movie, taking the audience to important points chronologically, beginning in 1970 New York. Milk, dapper in a very Sears & Roebuck 70s gray suit catches the eye of a curly-haired Scott Smith (James Franco), many years his junior on the steps of a New York subway station. Furtively, Milk makes sure no one's around, watching, when he suddenly has a "meet cute" moment and forwardly tells the young man in front of him, "My name is Harvey Milk", and starts in on a lengthy talk about his birthday happening tomorrow and how he just moved to the city and doesn't know anyone and how he doesn't want to spend his birthday by himself and all the while he and Smith seem magnetically drawn to one another, inching closer and closer, until they kiss, just after Smith insists he doesn't date guys over 40 and Milk checks his watch before saying, "Well, today's my lucky day, because I'm 39 until 12:01 tonight". The pair end up at Harvey's apartment, listening to music and drinking orange juice. That leads to the bedroom, where Milk and Smith lay together, shirtless, talking about gay life in NYC at the time. Milk cautions Smith he should never pick up guys in the subway because they could secretly be police (who apparently spent much of their time harassing homosexuals in bait and trap operations like that). Milk says in this town, many men had to be discreet or lose their jobs. He tells Smith he will show him safe places to cruise, before asking Smith where he's from (Jackson, Mississippi). The two eat birthday cake in bed and Milk sighs a little before admitting he's turned 40 with not a single thing he's proud of to his name. Smith tells him not to eat too much cake or he will be fat and 40 too. The film flash-forwards a little and "meet cute" turns into a relationship for Milk and Smith, with the formerly business-like Milk growing his hair long and sporting a scraggly beard. Smith gets a little mustache with a short Jack Tripper style haircut. The two drive cross country with a home movie camera, aping it up for each other, having a great time. Milk narrates by 1972, Haight & Ashbury was unrecognizable from the "glory days" of the hippie era and was not infested with drugs and drug dealers, most of the shops and homes boarded up. Refugees from Haight went to the Castro, where gay men from around the country also started to go a formerly solid Irish-Catholic neighborhood in the Eureka Valley part of The City. Milk takes lots of photos of the neighborhood, including shots of an empty storefront on Market Street. Milk and Smith live together in a small apartment in the Castro, with Smith having cashed his last unemployment check and wondering what he's going to do next. Milk doesn't want him to have to do anything, and wants to take care of them both. He takes some candid shots of Smith and gets the idea to open a camera shop in the empty storefront in their building (the one he took shots of before). Milk and Smith make a wooden sign for "Castro Camera" and hang it in their new shop window as the proprietor of the liquor store across the street walks over to "welcome" them to the neighborhood. Milk and Smith kiss openly, excited to be in business, and the neighbor makes his displeasure known. Milk says they are opening their business and asked how they could become members of the Eureka Valley Merchant's Association. The neighbor tells them they can't become members because if they open their shop, the police will close them down. Milk says it's not against the law to open a business, and the neighbor says "There are man's laws, and there is God's law", and storms across the street back to his liquor store making it clear gay men aren't welcome in the Castro. Well, Milk and Smith open the camera shop anyway. Back in their apartment some time later, on Smith's birthday, Milk's setting the table for an elaborate, fancy dinner, talking about how the camera shop is a way to start gay activism. He sees it as a way to start organizing, because so many people come to the shop who are gay and support him because it's a gay owned shop. Milk gets the idea to keep lists of gay owned shops, or shops friendly to gays, with another list for the "bad" shops which don't support gays and tell everyone to only patronize the "good" businesses. Then, Milk reasons, gays could take over a block at a time, driving out the bad shops, and eventually take over whole streets and neighborhoods, and then the entire Castro, to start a movement. Smith asks, "What's with all the activism. I thought you were a Republican," and Milk tells him to come into the dining room for a birthday surprise. Smith sees the fancy dinner and is touched, and then Milk smacks him in the face with a whip cream pie and then runs into the bedroom screaming SANCTUARY! Smith follows him in there and they forget all about dinner. Milk narrates the Castro became Gay Destination #1 soon after, with the police continuing to hate the LGBT community and vice versa. The list of approved gay-friendly businesses had its desired impact as gay-hating shops failed left and right. The liquor store owner from earlier in the film had a business related change of heart when he realized gay men spend lots of money on liquor, and his shop filled up with throngs of bare-chested guys. Milk asked the man if he still had a problem with homosexuals now that his business was doing so well, and then laughed his way out of the man's store, because that liquor store made the "good list" for coming around and supporting the LGBT community. Milk talks about some of the men who started coming around the camera shop to hang out and become involved in gay activism in this period. Danny Nicolletta, an art student, who loves opera. Jim Revaldo, a Harvard grad, though no one cared about that. Dick Pavitch, Dennis Perone, and others. All young guys who gravitated to Milk, some of whom Milk was interested in sexually, even though he was with Smith. The first test of Milk's activist muscle was the Coors Beer Boycott, where union leaders couldn't get Coors to crack and cave into union demands. Milk said he would help knock Coors off the #1 spot in terms of sales in San Francisco, and got the gay community to stop buying Coors products. As soon as Coors slipped from #1, the company buckled to the union, and Milk demanded in return the union start hiring gay drivers. For this success, Milk became known as The Mayor of Castro Street (which he admits he coined himself). The tension between the LGBT community and the police broke into bouts of random police raids on bars, where they'd storm in (badges covered to hide their identities) and haul men out of the bars and beat them in the streets. Once the guys were on the street, the police would arrest them for "blocking traffic". Guys would hide in the bathrooms when the police raided the bars so they wouldn't be pulled into the street and beaten. Milk reasoned if the LGBT community had someone in government to look after its interests the same way black people had community leaders looking out for them, then this sort of thing wouldn't happen anymore. He stood up and said "I'm here, so I'm going to get attention". The movie's in 1973 now, and it's still not safe for the LGBT community in the Castro. Men have organized and wear whistles when they go out. If anyone heard a whistle blowing, that was the signal to come running and help whoever was in trouble. There's a great shot of a whistle on the street in a pool of blood, laying where a dying gay man left it. In the shiny reflection of the whistle, you can see Milk talking to a police officer. The cop is dismissive of the gay man's death, calling him a prostitute who was killed by his trick. Milk explained, no, this man was with his lover and he was not a prostitute, and was walking home as a couple when they were attacked. The cop has an "Oh, well" attitude about the whole thing that's disturbing. Milk picks up the whistle and pockets it, more determined than ever to do something and stop all this violence. Literally, Milk gets a soapbox to stand on (painted SOAP on one side) and a megaphone and takes position on a street corner to demand change. A small crowd gathers and Milk says, "My fellow degenerates" to get everyone's attention, before saying the police need to stop covering their badges when they attack gay bars and need to be held accountable, since taxes should go to protection not persecution. Milk announced his candidacy for City Supervisor on that corner. He then launches into a number of campaign stops, hitting barber shops, street corners, and anywhere there's a group of people assembled, campaigning to become the first openly gay man elected to office in the United States (and possibly the world). While campaigning, Milk meets young Cleve Jones, who appears to be a male prostitute, hanging around with a group of other prostitutes. Milk's attracted to him, and keeps trying to get the kid to come closer and talk, but Jones says he's moving to Spain in a week and doesn't have time to get involved, in politics or other things. Milk asks him where he's from, and Jones says "Phoenix", so Milk next asks what do they do to gay boys in gym class in Phoenix, and Jones says he always faked illness to get out of gym. Milk says they can change Phoenix, but they have to start with this street in San Francisco. Milk sees Jones is a smart-ass, and tells him that he should always do what he does best, but if he's going to be a prick, be a prick for a good cause. Milk knows he needs a major endorsement to win Supervisor, and also understands all the big money gays only support established politicians like Diane Feinstein, who already has all the money she needs. So, he begins a strategy to get a big endorsement of his own. He's distracted, however, by the death threats he's starting to receive, including one made in crazy-cartoon-crayon-drawing form: a stick figure of Milk being hit by knives and bombs with blood squirting out of his eyes and groin. Smith shows this to him and is scared, but Milk thinks it's funny and puts it up on his fridge. Smith says Milk needs to back down and go back to running just the camera shop, but Milk says putting that drawing in a drawer makes it powerful, but putting out in the open makes it harmless, so he can see it every day and not be afraid of it. Smith also says between these people who hate him and the fact he has no endorsements or money means he won't win the race. Milk says this is not about him winning the race, but about him standing up and daring to run and not backing down. Milk and Smith go to David Goodwin's house, the owner of The Advocate, to get the high profile endorsement he needs. Because it's hot, there's a pool, and he's played by James Franco, Smith strips naked and swims naked in blue water. He then climbs out of the pool and joins Milk, Goodwin, and Goodwin's lover at a business meeting, stark naked. Goodwin says he only uses his money and influence to help gay causes in quiet ways. He tells Milk that Supervisor is a city-wide office (meaning Milk needs the support of the entire city, not just his one area, making it harder for a gay man to win office if the only people who like him are those in the Castro). Milk says he wants The Advocate's endorsement and Goodwin says no. Milk and Smith leave, as Smith says goodbye by apologizing for peeing in the pool. Milk lost that first race for Supervisor. In 1975, he tries again. This time, he loses the beard and long hair and goes back to that insurance salesman look he had in New York in 1970 when the audience first met him. Milk chalks his first loss up to the fact he looked too radical for people in the whole of San Francisco to vote for him, so he needed to tone his look down. He also tells Smith he needs to rein things in too, and to stop going to bathhouses. Smith doesn't like that part. Milk lost that 1975 race too, but got closer to winning than ever. This is the mantra of their campaigns from then on: We got more votes than last time, and next time we'll get more than that, even if we don't win! In 1976, Milk decides to run for an office higher than City Supervisor, and tries for Assemblyman at the state level. The Machine candidate is Agnos, and Milk's up against big odds because the City Machine is powerful. After debating Agnos, the two candidates leave the building together and Agnos gives Milk some good advice: "Your rap is a downer. What are you for? You only talk about what you are against, and you don't give voters a reason or any optimism to vote for you. If you don't give them hope, you are cooked." Milk's campaign activities have taken over his entire life. His apartment is filled with people, and Scott is frustrated because he does not like politics, and does not want it taking over his entire life (despite Scott being Milk's campaign manager). Scott has dinner ready and has to physically throw people out of the apartment so he and Milk can eat. He tells Milk that he wants to talk about politics at the dinner table and Milk starts to talk, Smith starts to get angry, but Milk goes into a sweet, soft voice and says, "I only wanted to tell you that this is the most delicious dinner I have ever had", and Smith smiles. They laugh, but Smith makes it clear he doesn't want any more campaigns after this. He wants a normal life without dozens of people in the apartment. Milk walks down Market Street late at night on the eve of the Assemblyman's election and a car pulls up behind him. Someone gets out, and starts following behind Milk, who gets nervous and walks faster. Milk's scared someone's trying to kill him and makes it to his apartment building, finding Cleve Jones there waiting. The man following Milk walks past them: he meant Milk no harm after all. Jones has nowhere to go, so Milk lets him stay with him that night. Jones broke up with a boy, and ran out of money in Spain, so he came back. Milk counsels Jones on relationships, telling him you don't realize who the love of your life is until the end of your life, and then you look back on all the men you've been with and can see who were just friends and who was the one true love you ever had. But you only understand that at the end, and should have fun racking up good suspects through the years so you have that to look back on (this is called foreshadowing). Jones talks about a gay march in Spain to remember the gays who were killed under Franco's dictatorship, only recently ended with the restoration of King Juan Carlos and the constitutional monarchy. At the march in Barcelona, Jones saw drag queens attacked with rubber bullets, gushing blood, who refused to back down, and refused to give up or give in. Blood ran in rivers through the gutters, but Jones said the gays there in Spain kept marching. Milk says the LGBT community in San Francisco could have a revolution here in California too, but guys can't use the Castro just to cruise for sex anymore. They needed to stand up and stand for something. Milk asks Jones if he can assemble 1000 people in an hour, if he's ready to be an activist. Jones is cocksure and confident and says he can do anything, and someday Milk will be working for him. Milk says, for a start, they should go hit the bus stops together as polls will open in just a few hours. Coloring the race is the omnipresence of Anita Bryant, the first personifiable villain in the film. Bryant was a singer turned spokesperson for Florida orange juice who was a leader in the Christian political activist movement in the 1970s. She became an LGBT boogeyman by devoting herself to a crusade to overturn gay-friendly referendums and resolutions across the country, starting in Dade County, Florida where she was most famous for her orange juice commercials. The Dade County gay protection law required the government to enforce non-discrimination policies for all gay employees, but Bryant said gays should be treated like prostitutes, thieves, and other deviants and should get no such protection under the law. She also said homosexuality should be criminalized and made punishable like other offenses. Her appearances via local and national news footage pop up in the film from this point on out, as Bryant's crusade succeeds in Dade County and spreads nationwide. Milk loses the Assemblyman's race, but wins more votes than he's ever won before. One of his campaign staff holds a map of the election region, showing how well Milk did, comparatively, and telling him if the City's new Supervisor election plan passes, Milk's district would include only the Haight Ashbury and Castro neighborhoods, meaning Milk would only need to win "hippies and gays" to be a Supervisor when the next elections were held. Milk's exhausted and knows Smith doesn't want to run another race. He's torn between wanting to become the first openly gay man to win elected office, and wanting to keep his relationship with Smith and also have a normal life. Walter Cronkite makes the first of several appearances here, reporting news Bryant's anti-gay crusade is making strides across the country. As Milk and his supporters watch the news, one of them wears a tee shirt saying "Anita the Hun". Bryant says, after more gay-friendly legislation is shot down, "Tonight the laws of God and cultural laws of man were vindicated" and launches into a religious themed rationale for doing what she did. A boy in Minnesota calls Milk and tells him he wants to kill himself because his parents told him they were shipping him off to a hospital in the morning to cure him of homosexuality. The boy is in a wheelchair so he can't just get on a bus and run away, and would rather die than go into an ex-gay forced rehabilitation program. Milk tells him he needs to get away from home and get help, but the boy's mother catches him on the phone and makes him hang up before Milk can say anymore to help him. At that moment, Milk's team tells him there is going to be a riot outside if he does not stop it. Smith's upset Milk's getting drawn into the riot and you can see on his face he's had about enough of being spouse to a politician/activist. Milk takes his bullhorn, given to him long ago by union members, and organizes and impromptu peaceful march through the streets of San Francisco to City Hall. The police allow him to do this, since getting the people to march and scream and yell in the street prevented the riot. The crowd shouts "Gay Rights Now!". At City Hall, Milk climbs the steps and tells the crowd, "My name is Harvey Milk and I want to recruit you". He tells the crowd they will fight Anita Bryant wherever she goes, and she did not win by striking down gay legislation that night. No, Bryant really lost that night because she mobilized all of these people against her and now they are all together, they would fight and defeat the villainous Anita Bryant. Milk says young people in Jackson, Mississippi, in Minnesota, and in Woodmere, New York (where Smith, the boy on the phone, and Milk himself are all from), are all looking to San Francisco and this march tonight for leadership. The LGBT community had to give these young people hope, for a better world tomorrow, for workers in unions who were awakening to the fact the American dream is slipping away from them as jobs left the country, and that now San Francisco has changed its rules, people in neighborhoods actually have the chance to pick the people who best represent them. This should give them all hope. The rule changes now made Milk a viable candidate for winning the Supervisor seat representing the Castrowhile in another part of town nearby, Dan White, former cop and fireman, was poised to represent the still heavily Irish-Catholic neighborhood in which he lives. Enter the second personifiable villain in the film: Dan White. It's 1977 now, and Smith moves out and leaves Milk because he can't take another race for Supervisor. He also resigns as Milk's campaign manager. Milk has a hard time losing Smith, and drags his feet telling his staff he's gone. All the Assemblyman signs get junked from the office and Milk has new Supervisor signs printed up. The new campaign manager is a lesbian named Ann Kronenberg, who the all gay male staff react poorly to. Everyone's in a bad mood because another gay man is also running for Supervisor, named Rick Stokes, and this guy is backed by The Advocate. Gloom and doom pervades the room, with Eeyores everywhere telling Milk he won't win. Not Kronenberg, though. She tells Milk she'll get him the endorsement of the San Francisco Chronicle. The gay men on staff don't like Kronenberg because, "not only is she a woman, but she's a woman who likes other women, which is doubly worse". It's a funny scene, reminiscent of the "Our Gang" He-Man Women Haters' Club with Alfalfa and Spanky and the others not wanting Darla to play as well. Milk tells the rest of the boys they need "a tough dyke to get things done". Kronenberg soon delivers not only The Chronicle's endorsement, but The Sentinel and the Bay Area Reporter's endorsements as well. All the papers say they endorses Milk because he is a good businessman, which makes his staff laugh (because the camera shop is a big joke). The staff all decide to head out to The Stud to celebrate, but Milk wants to stay in and read the papers. A few guys pass by the window and ask, "Gonna win this time Milk?", and a very drunk Latino man tries to come into the shop. Milk likes him, and the guy trips over onto the ground, talking about Palomino horses and asking if Milk is the stallion he has been looking for. The guy's name is Jack, and he is quite obviously crazy, but Milk misses Smith so this is rebound guy for him. Of course, Milk takes him upstairs and they have sex naked. Jack's father used to beat him and kicked him out of the house, and Milk tells him no one will ever beat him again, as Milk won't let them. It's now November 1977 and Milk's coalition of support is union members, women, seniors, and gays. He wins Supervisor, becoming quite possibly the first openly gay man to win election to office in world history. They have a giant celebration at Milk's office, which Smith watches from the outside, as he has chosen to no longer be part of Milk's group. The Advocate's owner tries to crash the party and join up with the winner, but Milk tells him the building's too crowded, before yanking Jack out of the crowd outside and bringing him into the party. None of the staff likes Jack, who is still very obviously crazy. The news media is inside and ask Milk if gays are taking over San Francisco and Milk says he was elected to serve all the people and that is what he will do. In 1978, Milk is sworn in by the Mayor at City Hall. Smith watches the swearing in on TV. Milk goes to City Hall, with Cleve Jones in tow, and chastises Jones for wearing a suit and trying to blend in with the bureaucrats. Milk tells him to keep wearing his tight jeans and to never take the elevator, instead always taking the stairs because then he can make a flamboyant entrance wherever he goes, giving everyone a big show in his tight jeans. Milk also says he wants to set a trap for Anita Bryant by coming up with a citywide ordinance protecting gays in San Francisco just like the ones she keeps shooting down across the country, to get Bryant to bring her fight to San Francisco. Dan White, also elected Supervisor, invites Milk to his son's baptism, and Milk accepts. His staff is stunned, but Milk says he needs allies and he thinks Dan White could be one of them. Jones asks, "Is it just me, or is he cute?" after White left the office. For the record, it's not just Jones. James Brolin as Dan White is indeed cute. Milk returns home to find Jack broke into his apartment, watched soap operas all day, and cooked a large meal of brown, gross things for Milk to eat. Milk asks if he gives Jack a key, would Jack promise not to break in any more. Jack agrees, and Milk starts a relationship with this crazy person who moves in with him. Milk then goes to Dan White's baby's service, where he and White discuss exchanging votes: White will vote for Milk's pro-gay ordinance if Milk will support White's plan to keep a psychiatric hospital out of his district. This becomes a point of contention later, as Milk will claim he never made this promise to White, but White will insist that's what they agreed at the baptism. White says they will indeed "watch out for each other", and White's wife interrupts with a little impolite bigotry, so Milk spars with her for a while politely as the baby chooses that moment to cry. Milk's staff tells him he can't be allies with White, but Milk says no one else likes him and he thinks White might be gay too, living a pretend life, because that's what Milk himself did back in New York. The staff also don't like Jack, because he is crazy, and say Milk's gone and made this crazy person First Lady. Anita Bryant has an ally in California named Briggs, who is a state senator pushing legislation in California called Proposition 6, which will require the state to fire all gay teachers, and all teachers who support gay rights. It would provide for inquisition and witch hunt powers to arbitrarily determine who was or was not gay, "just by looking at them". The illogic in all of this is gay people would cease to exist eventually if teachers were not allowed to recruit new gays, as people are not born gay but learn to be gay from their teachers. Milk and his staff know in Briggs, the Bryant fight has now come to California. Briggs plans on rooting out "all the perverts and pedophiles in public schools". Briggs says people like Milk can argue with him all they want, but they can't argue with God. Bryant and Briggs develop a shopping list, according to Milk, of people they want to go after because they are going to Hell: start with gays, then hit Jews and Muslims next. At another political event, where important people are gathered to strategize in the fight against Prop 6, Jack's there and has hidden in the closet, having a crazy episode. Milk tries to calm Jack down, but Jack's upset Milk was 20 minutes late to this event, and Jack didn't know anyone downstairs, so he ran upstairs to hide in the closet and wants to live in there now. Milk tries to calm Jack down and get him to leave the closet, but Jack starts screaming and yelling like, well, the crazy person that he is. So, Milk goes downstairs to rejoin the business meeting already in progress. It's been decided by the leading, rich gays the best way to fight Prop-6 is to say it is an affront to human rights and never mention gays at all. Just claim it violates basic human rights. Milk says that is the wrong approach, and they need flaming old queens (his words) in all the brochures so people can see who exactly is being affected by this, since everyone knows a gay person, whether they realize it or not, and if people see folks they know in these anti Prop-6 ads, they won't vote to discriminate against them. Milk decides to rally his own troops, as he thinks the gay elite's approach is stupid. Milk's team gathers, and Milk challenges all of them to come out of the closet to everyone they know, and gets one of his staff to call his father right there on the spot and come out. Smith's there, and remembers how Milk himself never came out to his family and was always so secretive about being gay, so he thinks it's hypocritical of Milk to ask all these young people to come out to their family and friends. Milk insists if everyone in California realized how many gays were in their lives, hey would not vote for Prop-6, so they had to stand up and leave the gay ghetto to get their attention. Privacy is the enemy. If you want real political power, start telling the truth. Milk insists people will vote 2:1 against Prop-6 if they realized gays they knew and loved would be affected by it. Milk clearly misses Smith. He asks Smith how he is, and Smith says he is dating someone. Smith asks why Milk is with a crazy person, and Milk says Jack needs him. Jack's acting more crazy than usual and is incredibly jealous of Smith. White is upset with Milk because he realizes Milk's voting to allow that psychiatric hospital in White's district. Milk claims he never promised to vote against the hospital, even though it seemed like he agreed to swap votes with White at that baptism. White loses it and goes a little unhinged because he says everyone is counting on him to keep that hospital out of his district and he feels Milk has betrayed him. White is furious and tells Milk that he had his chance to be a friend and ally of White's, and he blew it. Cronkite comes on the news again, informing us Bryant's been busy, with victories against gay rights in Minnesota and Oregon. Bryant's taken her show on the road, and is now moving on to Wichita, Kansas. Milk starts a Round Robin telephone call to gather every LGBT person and supporter he can find and get them to demonstrate against the Wichita, Kansas Anita Bryant Hatefest. At the rally that forms in the Castro, Milk passes the megaphone to Jones and tells him to lead the angry mob on a march to City Hall, where Milk will wait and then come out and take the position as City Peacemaker to quiet the mob down. Jones uses the megaphone to rally the crowd to march, then uses bulky walkie talkies to communicate with other Milk staff in the crowd. The crowd disconnects the streetcars' electrical plugs to block traffic on the intersections too, bringing a good portion of San Francisco to a standstill as they march to City Hall. They shout, "Civil Rights or Civil War, Gay Rights Now!" and "Anita, You Liar. We'll Set Your Hair On Fire". Milk's stunt is a success. He's hailed as a City Mediator/Peacemaker who stopped a near-riot. At this point, he realizes to build support for his pro-gay legislation, he needs people to see him as accomplishing something besides gay-related efforts, so he decides to sponsor legislation requiring people to clean up after their dogs, since dog feces are a health hazard and nuisance. A populist effort like this could help rally people to support his efforts against Prop-6. Milk, of course, makes a big show out of how gross dog droppings can be in the park when stepped on, and the media eats up his flamboyance. The Gay Rights Ordinance passes in City Hall, 10 Yes and 1 No with the lone No coming from Dan White. Milk then goes to talk to White after the vote. White asks, "Can two men reproduce?", to which Milk responds, "No, but God knows we keep trying." Milk tells White there are no hard feelings over the gay vote and they can find something to work on together which can help White in his district. White tells him to sponsor a pay raise for Supervisors because White is struggling to support his family on what the Supervisor makes. Milk says pay raises are not a good idea politically, and White gets angry. It's now Milk's big birthday party, with a giant caked shaped like City Hall, held in one of the glamorous rooms of the building itself. Milk gets several whipped cream pies to his face, which seems to be his birthday tradition. It's a far cry from the simple birthday he and Smith shared earlier in the film. At the party, Jack is being extra-crazy and demands attention. Smith shows up unexpectedly and gives Milk a birthday kiss. It's his 48th birthday and Smith says he looks great, and kids him that Milk once said he'd never live to see 50, so Milk's now almost there. White's in the building too, and Milk encounters him in the hall. White's beyond drunk, borderline incoherent, and rails at Milk about that psychiatric hospital some more, and also about the dog ordinance too. Jack then comes at Milk from the other side, also crazy and incoherent, so Milk brushes White off, and White just SEETHES. The California campaign for Prop-6 becomes the center of national attention as Bryant and her forces focus all of their efforts on getting it passed. Milk rides a float in the San Francisco Pride Parade, and gets a death threat moments before he is to give a speech on the steps of City Hall with Mayor Moscone. The whole nation is watching, so Milk says he has to go on, even though the note he got said he would be shot as soon as he took the microphone. "My name is Harvey Milk and I am here to recruit you!". He urges the crowd to tell everyone they know to come out of the closet and break down all the myths about gay people, get rid of all the barriers, lies, and distortions. White's at City Hall, too, talking to reporters, telling them naked men should not be allowed in the Pride Parade because naked people aren't allowed in any other parade the city has. Milk receives word the villainous Briggs is headed to San Francisco to disrupt the parade, and the Mayor wants Milk to intercept him, so Moscone orders the police to divert his car and bring it to the docks where Milk and the media could wait. The Mayor tells Briggs his presence at Pride would lead to a public safety hazard as people would riot, so he was refusing Briggs entry into the City. Milk tries to shake Briggs' hand, but Briggs refuses. Milk asks for a public debate with Briggs on Prop-6 in San Francisco. Briggs is forced to accept because of the media's presence and Milk's persistent goading. The debate's in the Walnut Creek School District. Briggs once more talks about gay teachers recruiting students to become new gays as the older gays die out, and if this didn't happen, then there would be no more gays. Milk asks how teachers recruit children, and if they teach gayness the way they teach French. He also notesif students emulated their teachers and grew up to be just like them, there would be a lot more nuns in this world. Milk's goal with Prop-6 was to organize so well if they lost, "all Hell would break loose". Milk wanted another debate on Prop-6 in Orange County, California (heavily Republican area). There, Briggs equates homosexuality with child molestation, though Milk points out the majority of child molesters are straight. Milk also asks, in Briggs' attacks on teachers, how many lives Briggs will destroy in his own quest for power. The Orange County audience boos Milk repeatedly. Jack is at his craziest, calling Milk at City Hall repeatedly and pulling him out of meetings. Milk says he will be home at 6:15 that night, and Jack says he better be home at 6:15. The news tells us even Ronald Reagan has come out AGAINST Prop-6, because it's just plain wrong. Dan White feels humiliated and betrayed by Milk and begins constant brooding. Milk returns home, and finds Jack has nearly papered all the walls with crazy notes, saying things like, "It's all about you, honey" leading up to a note on a curtain that says, "How do you like my last act?". Behind the curtain, Milk sees Jack has hanged himself. He's dead, and Milk pulls him down, crying and cradling him in his arms. Smith comforts Milk, but Milk can't grieve because there is too much to do. President Carter comes out against Prop-6, meaning both Democrats and Republican leaders like Reagan are against it. In San Francisco, there's strong worry if Prop-6 passes, there will be riots. The news notes the anti-gay movement of the late 1970s was the first time the Christian community organized as a political force and flexed its muscle. Paul, the boy from Minnesota who wanted to kill himself a few years before, calls Milk the night of the Prop-6 vote. Milk is shocked, because he thought Paul was dead after he hung up the phone years ago. Paul, it turns out, came to LA and met one of Milk's friends, who was running a campaign office in LA. Paul tells Milk LA County is voting AGAINST Prop-6 by huge margins, and that means Prop-6 will fail. It's a big win for Milk and the LGBT community. 65% of LA County voted against Prop-6. Milk's staff colors in the map to show the counties that voted against Prop-6 and they realize the effort will indeed fail. Briggs and Prop-6 went down by the 2:1 margin Milk had predicted earlier. In San Francisco, the only district for vote FOR Prop-6 was Dan White's. Milk tells people in California it is clear they all know a gay person, and this is a victory and a comfort for everyone in the world. Dan White resigns from the Supervisor's Board, and is immediately dragged into a closed door meeting with the police union, who wants him to recant his resignation. This leads to a battle where Milk pressures Mayor Moscone to not allow White to recant his resignation, because the police are old enemies of gays and once someone resigns, he resigns, and there are no do-overs. Moscone tells Milk he's acting like Boss Tweed or Mayor Daley in Chicago (which got a HUGE LAUGH in our Chicago theater audience, because both Mayors Daley have been demanding tyrant mayors). Milk tells Moscone, "A homosexual with power is a scary thing". Milk goes to the opera and watches an elaborate death scene. White's at home and the phone rings. He's been trying to recant his resignation, and a reporter informs him the Mayor has decided White will not get his job back, and that the Mayor will be appointing someone else the new Supervisor. Milk calls Smith and they talk through the night, into the sunrise. Milk talks about the opera, and Smith tells him that next time he goes, Smith wants to go with him. Smith tells Milk he's proud of him. Milk, who clearly loves Smith, and realizes Smith is, in fact, the great love of his life, tells Smith "I don't want to miss this", meaning he does not want to miss Smith anymore and wants to be back with him. White breaks into City Hall through an office under renovation, to avoid the metal detectors. Milk comes to work, passing through the metal detectors, and heads to his office. White goes to see Moscone. Milk goes to see Diane Feinstein to see if she knows who the new Supervisor will be. Feinstein tells him to stay away from White if he shows up at City Hall today, because the last thing they need is a big scene. White takes out a gun and shoots Moscone in his office several times, then calmly walks out of the office and down the hall to Milk's office. White walks up to Milk's office like nothing is wrong, even saying hello to people he passes. He asks to see Milk in his office, closes the door, and shoots Milk 4 times. As he dies, the last sight Milk sees is the opera house across the street. There's a flashback to 1970, with Milk and Smith in bed together for the first time, eating birthday cake, where Smith told Milk not to eat too much cake or he'll wind up fat, and Milk tells Smith he doesn't think he'll live to see 50. Smith and Kronenberg head to City Hall at night for Milk's official City Memorial Service, which has maybe 5 people there. "Where is everyone?", Smith asks. Both feel Milk was cheated, more people should have come to remember him, for all that he did. Walking towards the Castro, they realize where everyone is. For as far and wide as you can see the streets are lit with candles, in a long march to City Hall. Milk's narration continues, as he speaks into his microphone at home narrating his letter: "I want 1000 to rise if I am assassinated, let the bullet in my brain destroy every closet door, want the movement to continue beyond meI want this to go beyond gays, into Asians, and Blacks, and Seniors, all the "Us-es" out there, all of "Us"." He wanted all people to have hope, and to stand together whenever any of them were being persecuted. At the end of the film, text fills us in on more details: * 30,000 people came out to honor Milk that night with candles. * Dan White used a "Twinkie Defense" in his trial, claiming chemicals in junk food made him unbalanced and caused him to kill Moscone and Milk. He was convicted of manslaughter and served about 5 years in prison before being released in 1984. Less than 2 years later, White committed suicide. * "The White Night Riots" followed White's conviction for manslaughter: the worst riots San Francisco ever saw in the history of the gay movement. The next day, not a single arrest was made. * Scott Smith died in 1995 from AIDS-related complications. * Cleve Jones became a successful activist, and in 1987 created the Project AIDS Memorial Quilt. * Ann Kronenberg went on to hold prominent positions in government and is a mother of three. * Other members of Milk's staff started various consulting firms and other activist groups to help the gay community.
tt1057500
Biography,Drama,History
Invictus opens with the release of Nelson Mandela (Morgan Freeman) from prison in 1990. After being held for nearly 26 years on Robben Island for planning acts of sabotage against the South African state, Mandela's release also marks what soon becomes the end of apartheid in South Africa. A new election is held, which Mandela handily wins. For his oath, he gives a speech pledging to unite the people of South Africa. The current divide has largely divided the Afrikaners (white South Africans that came from Europe during the 17th century) and the various black tribes, the largest of which include Zulu, Xhosa, and Bapedi. The effects of Mandela's victory give rise to jubilation for much of the black population of South Africa, while the white Afrikaners and Zulu begin to feel that they're losing the country. This is punctuated by a squadron of cars carrying Mandela down a road, poor black kids playing soccer on one side, white Afrikaners playing rugby on the other. The coach of the National team, the Springboks, tells his team to remember this day, as it marks 'the day the country went to the dogs'. Mandela's head of security Jason Tshabalala (Tony Kgoroge) makes a request of Mandela concerning the team. He asks for more personnel to secure the president, the current team being made up of four blacks. Mandela's response is to hire four white former Special Branch members led by Etienne Feyder (Julian Lewis Jones). On first meeting, they clash due to deep-seated racial issues, yet are compelled to work out their differences. Seeing that he has no choice but to work alongside them, Tshabalala tells his black co-workers, especially Linga Moonsamy (Patrick Mofokeng), that while working together, they will watch the whites carefully. In his first days in office, the tension is palpable, as most of the former president's underlings (mostly Afrikaners) still hold their jobs. Worried that Mandela will fire them, they begin packing up their belongings, awaiting what they assume is the inevitable. Upon seeing this, Mandela holds a conference and makes an impromptu speech in which he informs his staff that he won't fire anyone who used to work for the old regime, and that they need to work together to promote racial equality throughout South Africa. The speech goes over well without any dissenters. Mandela soon begins taking pre-sunrise walks accompanied by two security personnel. While walking through the streets, a blue van, making wild turns while speeding, comes upon Mandela. While security fears an attack, it is merely a man delivering newspapers. We are soon introduced to François Pienaar (Matt Damon), current captain of the South African Springboks rugby team, made up of whites save for one black member named Chester, who misses upcoming games due to a hamstring injury. For many black South Africans, the Springbok name, logo, and colors represent the dark history and perceived racial injustice of apartheid and they thus refuse to support them, rooting for England instead when they play the Springboks. With less than a year to the rugby World Cup in 1995 (which South Africa is hosting), the Springboks lose more games than win, and are highly anticipated to lose early in the tournament to Australia. Having read that the Springboks' coach has been replaced (with captain François still remaining), Mandela begins to think in terms of how he's going to unite South Africa and put away their differences and sees rugby as the vehicle to do so. Since most Afrikaners fear losing their identity, Mandela aims to unite them by keeping the Springbok name (opposing the Sports Comission's unanimous vote change the team name to the Proteas) and using the upcoming world cup as an example of how to overcome South Africa's apartheid past. Mandela personally travels to the commission to change its mind, saying that by keeping their former colors/name, they can reach out to Afrikaners, who believe that Mandela is out to rid South Africa of their presence. This doesn't go over well with the commission, and by the time he leaves, Mandela has acquired only 13 votes for his proposal. Still, he sees this as progress, as those votes were enough for him to keep the Springboks name. His assistant, Brenda Mazibuko (Adjoa Andoh), disagrees with him, and wishes Mandela would concern himself with more important matters than rugby, a sentiment shared by others in the administration. Nonetheless, Mandela forges ahead with his own plans, which include inviting François to tea. An Afrikaner on the security team asks François how the Springboks will fare this year. Despite François promising that they'll do their best, the Afrikaner decides that they have absolutely no chance and tells the rest of the team as much. Inside his office, Mandela talks to François about inspiration and how to motivate under extreme pressure. He mentions a poem that kept his spirits up while he was imprisoned and François tells him he understands, mentioning a particular song the team sings before every match. While not directly asking François, Mandela implies that a win for their team in the Cup could have huge ramifications for South Africa by uniting Afrikaners and the other tribes that make up South Africa. In an attempt to convey Mandela's message, François gives his team copies of the South African national anthem, telling them that they shouldn't mumble through the words like they used to, but rather actually learn it and sing it properly. Most of the team crumples up their copies, saying they have no interest. Francois recants and says it is optional. They are ordered, however, by Mandela, to take occasional breaks from their rigorous training schedule, go out into the townships and teach rugby to the natives. At first, Chester (McNeil Hendricks), the team's only black player, is swarmed by the township kids, but soon the entire team is out there helping a new generation to learn rugby and instill national pride, regardless of ancestry. François reminds his team that life and the game implies change all the time and their team is no different. Mandela is found outside his home, unconscious. While his doctor orders complete bed rest to sustain his energy, Mary keeps his schedule open so that he can follow rugby. The tournament is soon underway and the Springboks surprise everyone by besting Australia. They continue to take morning runs, and as they win more games, their support by all South Africans continues to rise, and they continue to advance in the tournament. After a match, François proclaims that they need a break and they head to Robben Island, where Mandela was held. Standing inside Mandela's former cell, François is dismayed to see how small it is (barely covering his arm span), with a sheet on the ground to sleep on. Through voice over, the poem Mandela mentioned to François earlier is recited while the team looks out over where prisoners broke rocks as part of their labor while imprisoned. The final day before the match finds the Springboks taking another early morning run. This time they are joined by both white and black South Africans cheering them on to victory. Before the match, the security team is nervous, as it will be the most exposed Mandela has been since taking office. Extra sharpshooters take up positions on adjacent roofs while the rest of security take posts inside the stadium. A 747 jet, whose captain (David Dukas) announces full responsibility for his actions to the co-captain (Grant Swanby) (thus leading people to believe he might commit a terrorist attack), flies the jet low over the stadium, displaying the words 'Go Springboks' painted underneath. The crowd erupts in cheers. The final match is between the undefeated New Zealand All Blacks and the Springboks, which 62,000 fans have turned up at the stadium to watch. Chester's injury has finally healed and he's been cleared for the game. NZ has mostly shut out other teams in the tournament thus far, the closest score having been won by 20 points. Though the odds don't favor S.A., they resolve to do their best. The game stays tied throughout and goes back and forth, South Africa mostly playing catch-up whenever N.Z. kicks a goal for three points. In the end, S.A. is able to edge out New Zealand by three points as the clock runs out. South Africa wins 15-12. After the trophy presentation the streets of South Africa are ecstatic, with South Africans of all ancestries cheering the Springboks in celebration. Mandela's security team is seen trying to make its way through the crowd with little luck, but Mandela says that there is no need for them to rush. Their national pride, at least for the moment, seems to have been somewhat restored in the eyes of themselves, not to mention the rest of the world. The film ends with the final recitation of the poem, Invictus (which is Latin, meaning 'unconquered'). Out of the night that covers me, Black as the pit from pole to pole, I thank whatever gods may be For my unconquerable soul. In the fell clutch of circumstance I have not winced nor cried aloud. Under the bludgeonings of chance My head is bloody, but unbowed. Beyond this place of wrath and tears Looms but the Horror of the shade, And yet the menace of the years Finds and shall find me unafraid. It matters not how strait the gate, How charged with punishments the scroll, I am the master of my fate: I am the captain of my soul.
tt0104797
Biography,Drama,History
As the opening credits roll, we hear Malcolm X (Denzel Washington) delivering a speech about the oppression of the black race by the white race, openly and loudly accusing whites of murder, rape and slavery. Intercut with the credits is footage of the 1991 beating of Rodney King by Los Angeles police officers and an American flag burning into an "X". In the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston, during the early 1940s in the early years of World War II, a teenage Malcolm Little meets with his friend, Shorty (Spike Lee) at a local barber shop to have his hair straightened to make him acceptable to whites. The process is a painful one, with a concoction of eggs and lye applied to Malcolm's head and combed out. Malcolm admires himself in the mirror and he and Shorty take to the streets dressed in colorful "zoot" suits. In a flashback sequence, Malcolm narrates that he grew up poor in rural Nebraska. When his mother was pregnant with him, a small group of Ku Klux Klan riders broke the windows of his parents' house, looking for his father, a local minister and activist. Malcolm later narrates that his family's home was burned down and his father was murdered when he was four or five, thrown in front of a train after suffering a skull injury. The case was falsely recorded as a suicide and his family received no compensation, becoming destitute. Malcolm's mother Louise (Lonette McKee), who was of Caribbean descent and partially white, married his father because he was black and a follower of Marcus Garvey, who preached that Black Americans should return to Africa to have their own region of the world, free of white influence. Eventually, his mother was remanded to a mental institution and Malcolm and his brothers and sisters became wards of the state. Malcolm, while in grade school, showed excellent academic skills and told a teacher he wanted to be a lawyer. However, his racist teacher tells him that it "isn't a practical career for a negro". Flashing back to contemporary 1944, Malcolm and Shorty and their girlfriends go to a jitterbug club. After a rigorous dancing number, Malcolm meets Sophia (Kate Vernon), a white, blond woman who becomes infatuated with him. Malcolm's black girlfriend, Laura (Theresa Randle), is a devout Catholic and has avoided Malcolm's sexual advances. Eventually, Malcolm takes up with Sophia. At one point, he treats her with obvious racial misogyny, getting her to feed him breakfast. Working for a local railroad company, Malcolm travels to Harlem, New York City. He goes to a bar where his drink is doubled unexpectedly by a man named West Indian Archie (Delroy Lindo), who runs numbers locally. When Malcolm is harassed by another patron who insults his clothes and speaks ill of his mother, Malcolm hits the man on the head with a liquor bottle. Archie recognizes that Malcolm won't back down in a fight and calls him over to his table. Malcolm sees immediately that Archie is a person of considerable influence and goes to work for him, running numbers. One night, while Malcolm, Sophia and Archie drink and snort cocaine, Malcolm places a bet for several numbers with Archie. One of Malcolm's numbers hits and he stands to collect a large sum of money. Archie denies that Malcolm had the number and reminds his protege of his reputation for never forgetting a number. Malcolm chooses to break his ties with Archie. A few nights later, at a dinner club, Archie threatens Malcolm. Malcolm escapes through the bathroom window. He returns to Boston, reconnects with Shorty and the two resolve to become petty thieves. One of their first partners, Rudy (Roger Guenveur Smith), tells them about a elderly man he takes care of who has money and many valuable items in his house. When Rudy declares he'll lead the group, Malcolm plays Russian Roulette, threatening to blow off Rudy's nose. A terrified Rudy tells Malcolm to lead the group. The robbery is a success and over a period of time, Shorty and Malcolm loot a considerable amount. One night in early 1946, while Shorty and Malcolm straighten Malcolm's hair, they discover the water has been turned off. Malcolm is forced to rinse his head in the toilet bowl and he and Shorty are arrested when the police burst in. Sophia and Peg (Debi Mazar) are also arrested. The racist judge (a cameo by civil rights attorney William Kuntsler), after hearing a guilty verdict, sentences the two white women to 18 months for their association with the robbery group, but harshly sentences both Shorty and Malcolm to eight to ten years for 14 different robbery charges and declares the sentences will be served concurrently (a devastated Shorty literally faints in the courtroom, thinking he'd serve over 100 years until Malcolm explains to him what "concurrent" sentencing is). Malcolm is sent to a Massachusetts penitentiary. On his first day he refuses to recite his incarceration number and is thrown into solitary confinement. The prison priest (Christopher Plummer) tries to reach Malcolm but is obscenely rebuffed. Malcolm is eventually released from solitary and recites his number. While in the showers, straightening his hair, he is met by Baines (Albert Hall), a member of the Nation of Islam, the black Muslim organization of the United States. Baines tells Malcolm that the best way out of prison, both the penitentiary and the figurative prisons of his mind, is through the teachings of Elijah Muhammad (Al Freeman Jr.), the founder and leader of the Nation of Islam. Malcolm refuses at first but grows more interested in Baines' preaching, especially when he sees the confidence and courage Baines has -- he refuses to show any fear when the prison's guards threaten him. Malcolm becomes a willing student; Baines tells him that all white people are not to be trusted. Baines has Malcolm copy out an entire English language dictionary, pointing out the double-standards that guide words like "black" and "white", telling his student that he must learn the meanings behind every word and that language is the key to using the white race's power against them. Malcolm is reluctant at first to pray directly to Allah until he has a vision in his jail cell of Elijah Muhammad. Muhammad tells him that the only path to truth is through Allah. Malcolm finally gains the courage to pray as a Muslim. Malcolm also becomes a sore point for the prison priest; Malcolm challenges the traditional images of Jesus and the apostles, claiming they were anything but white. Malcolm is paroled from prison in 1952 after serving six years. A few days after his release, he travels to the Nation's headquarters in Chicago where he meets Elijah Muhammad himself. Malcolm is noticeably humbled by the experience and breaks down in awe-filled tears at meeting his savior. As part of joining the Nation of Islam, Elijah Muhammad instructs Malcolm to drop his last name of 'Little', which his ancestors inherited from a white slave owner, and replace it with the letter 'X' which is a symbol of his lost African surname. Malcolm X returns to Harlem and begins his life as a preacher for the Nation of Islam. The Nation sets up a mosque in a single room and their congregation quickly grows over the next few years. At one point, Malcolm, while preaching a sermon, sees Shorty in the crowd. He embraces him, kindly pointing out that Shorty is a representative of his former criminal life and the two go out for coffee. Shorty tries to get Malcolm to join him for a cocaine fix but Malcolm tells him that he's clean. Malcolm gets news about West Indian Archie and his old gang from Shorty and finds out where Archie is living. Archie has since suffered a stroke and lives as an invalid in a squalid Bronx apartment. Malcolm visits him and comforts him when he sees how poor life has become for his old boss. In 1957, Malcolm challenges the Harlem division of the New York City Police Department when one of his temple's members, Brother Johnson, is beaten in the streets and taken to jail and denied medical attention. Malcolm gathers the Fruit of Islam, the Nation's security force, and, joined by a growing mob of local protesters, marches on the police precinct, demanding to see Johnson. When he is turned down he calmly and firmly tells the officers in charge that neither he nor the Fruit of Islam will move until they are satisfied that Johnson is being cared for properly. The silent protest works and Johnson is taken to the hospital. Malcolm orders the Fruit of Islam to disperse and leaves the angry crowd on the street for the police to deal with. As the Nation leaves, the captain (a cameo by Peter Boyle) remarks "that's too much power for one man to have." A short time later, while drinking coffee in a nearby cafe, a young man named Benjamin (Jean LaMarre), who'd witnessed the police beating of Brother Johnson and was impressed with Malcolm's stolid handling of the police, approaches Malcolm and asks him how he can become a Muslim. Malcolm questions Benjamin carefully, saying he shouldn't join an organization if he doesn't understand it. Benjamin becomes disappointed and begins to leave when Malcolm tells him he shouldn't give up that easily either. Malcolm invites him to come to his temple the next day. Benjamin leaves, promising he'll make Malcolm proud of him. In 1958, Malcolm meets his future wife, nurse Betty Sanders (Angela Bassett). The two are instantly attracted to each other and Malcolm eventually proposes to her. They are married in a private ceremony and plan to have children. They are soon the parents of four daughters. Over the next few years as Malcolm's influence grows, he soon finds himself in a high advisory position to Elijah Muhammad himself, which draws much jealously from Baines. As a result, Malcolm receives less attention in the Nation's official publication, "Muhammad Speaks". Baines speaks to Muhammad directly, telling him that Malcolm may be shamelessly courting the white media for himself, rather than for the good of the Nation. Following a formal public speaking session, Malcolm is confronted by a disgruntled man who suggests that Muhammad may not be the benevolent leader the Nation believes him to be. In 1962, Malcolm and Betty argue bitterly over reports in the New York Post that claim Muhammad may have fathered illegitimate children with at least two unmarried women who served on his office staff. Betty's argument also points to the manner with which Malcolm has been largely ignored by the leadership of the Nation. Following their small fight, Malcolm talks to the women who confirm the reports and have been ostracized within the Nation. Malcolm privately confronts Muhammad who claims that, because he himself never married, that he must father his progeny any way he can. Baines also tries to justify Muhammad's philandering by recounting the stories of both Noah (a drunk) and Solomon (who had many wives). Malcolm is not convinced and loses much of his stature and faith in the Nation of Islam. In late November 1963, Malcolm's candid and brutally truthful reputation is further damaged when, following the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, publicly states that the president's death was an example of the historical violence of the white race and the United States itself, referring to the incident as an example of "the chickens coming home to roost." The remark is quickly misconstrued in American newspapers, prompting anger from both the black and white establishments. Muhammad, who appears to be in poor health, decides to sideline Malcolm by informing him that his duties as the Nation of Islam's spokesperson are suspended for 90 days. Malcolm is enraged by what he sees as a clear case of betrayal by both Elijah Muhammad and the Nation of Islam, but he none the less accepts and submits to the punishment. In early 1964, during his suspension, Malcolm announces publicly that he'll be establishing a new organization called Muslim Mosque Inc, one that will allow white people to aide them but not permit them to join. Malcolm also announces he will complete a "hajj", a holy journey of self-discovery to the Middle East and Mecca in Saudi Arabia, required of all Muslims if they are able. He tours the ancient pyramids at Giza, knowing that he's being tailed by two men he assumes are CIA agents. Arriving in Mecca, he participates in the Muslim ritual of the seven circuits around the Kaaba, drinks from the Well of Zamzam and kisses the Black Stone. He also realizes that Islam is not limited to people of Arab, Middle Eastern or African descent, but the many people in his pilgrimage include quite a few Caucasian whites, mixed race people and Asians as well. Malcolm willingly eats and prays with them. The hajj changes Malcolm's outlook and he experiences a spiritual re-awakening, realizing that exclusion of races other than African-Americans from Islam cannot accomplish anything. Returning to the United States, he gives a press conference where he declares that his days of preaching for African-American separation from white America are over. He forms a new Islamic organization, the Organization for African-American Unity (OAAU), one that will spread the word of tolerance of all who wish to worship Allah and the Qur'an, and which involves breaking his relations with the Nation of Islam. Malcolm also gives himself a new Arab Islamic name, "El-Hajj Malik Al-Shabazz." Very soon, Malcolm's family begins to receive death threats on the phone from Nation of Islam members. Malcolm guards his house at night with a rifle. One night in February 1965, two firebombs are thrown at Malcolm's house and he gives a public statement to a television news crew that if he'd actually seen the bombers himself, he'd have opened fire on them in the street. Baines himself gives a public statement to the media, suggesting Malcolm may have fire-bombed his own house as a publicity stunt. Malcolm receives further death threats and becomes somewhat despondent. He arranges to speak at the Audubon Ballroom in Harlem on February 21, 1965, his first such public speech since founding OAAU. Malcolm goes to a New York hotel and stays overnight there, possibly to draw attention away from his family. He receives more death threats from the Nation of Islam in his hotel room. He drives to the Audubon and meets a woman on the street who tells him not to listen to his detractors and that Jesus will protect him -- Malcolm acknowledges her kindness. One of his men, Brother Earl (James McDaniel), wants to position guards around the stage and podium and wants everyone attending to be searched to insure Malcolm's safety. Malcolm refuses, saying he wants the attendees of the speech to feel relaxed. Malcolm also becomes angry when his staff inform him that the OAAU program hasn't been completed and that the reverend scheduled to speak before Malcolm cannot attend. The rest of the staff are excused and Malcolm speaks alone to Brother Earl, muttering about the present day being "a time for martyrs." He also refuses to postpone the engagement when Earl suggests it. Earl leaves and Malcolm prepares his notes. In the auditorium, Betty and Malcolm's four daughters are seated in the front row while Brother Benjamin 2X (the same young man from the cafe scene) speaks ahead of Malcolm and introduces him. Malcolm steps to the podium and greets the crowd when a man in the back row suddenly starts shouting at someone... intended as a distraction. While the security guards run over and deals with the yelling man (exactly as planned), a man in the second row pulls out a sawed-off double-barreled shotgun, runs up to the stage and opens fire. Malcolm (seeing the armed man approach and aware that he is a dead man) smiles slightly and is hit in his left shoulder and chest by two shotgun blasts and falls to the stage. Two additional assassins seated in the front row also run forward to the stage and shoot Malcolm several more times with semi-automatic pistols. As the killers run out of the auditorium, one of handgun shooters, Thomas Hayer (Giancarlo Esposito), is shot in his right leg by one of Malcolm's bodyguards. Hampered by his bullet wound, he is caught and beaten by the angry crowd outside the front entrance of the building. The police arrive a minute later to place the captured assassin under arrest before quietly entering the building to find Betty holding her dead husband and crying. Malcolm's body is taken to a nearby hospital just down the street where he is declared dead-on-arrival from multiple gunshot wounds. The story ends with Martin Luther King's weary statement on Malcolm's death and the violence that caused it. The same eulogy delivered by Ossie Davis at Malcolm's memorial services plays over a montage of film and photographs of the real Malcolm. Footage of Nelson Mandela (recently released from prison after 30 years) speaking to a South African grade school class is also shown. The final shot is of Malcolm himself proclaiming "By any means necessary!"
tt0108052
Biography,Drama,History
The relocation of Polish Jews from surrounding areas to Krakow begins in late 1939, shortly after the outbreak of World War II, when the German Army defeats the Polish Army in three weeks. Oskar Schindler (Liam Neeson), a successful businessman, arrives from Czechoslovakia in hopes of using the abundant cheap labour force of Jews to manufacture enamelware for the German military. Schindler, an opportunistic member of the Nazi party, lavishes bribes upon the army and SS officials in charge of procurement. Sponsored by the military, Schindler acquires a factory for the production of army mess kits and cooking paraphernalia. Not knowing much about how to properly run such an enterprise, he gains a contact in Itzhak Stern (Ben Kingsley), a functionary in the local Judenrat (Jewish Council) who has contacts with the now-underground Jewish business community in the ghetto. They loan him the money for the factory in return for a small share of products produced (for trade on the black market). Opening the factory, Schindler pleases the Nazis and enjoys his new-found wealth and status as "Herr Direktor," while Stern handles all administration. Stern suggests Schindler hire Jews instead of Poles because they cost less (the Jews themselves get nothing; the wages are paid to the Reich). Workers in Schindler's factory are allowed outside the ghetto, and Stern falsifies documents to ensure that as many people as possible are deemed "essential" by the Nazi bureaucracy, which saves them from being transported to concentration camps, or even being killed. Amon Göth (Ralph Fiennes) arrives in Krakow to initiate construction of a labor camp nearby, Paszów. The SS soon liquidates the Krakow ghetto, sending in hundreds of troops to empty the cramped rooms and shoot anyone who protests, is uncooperative, elderly, or infirmed, or for no reason at all. Schindler watches the massacre from the hills overlooking the area, and is profoundly affected. He nevertheless is careful to befriend Göth and, through Stern's attention to bribery, he continues to enjoy the SS's support and protection. The camp is built outside the city at Paszów. During this time, Schindler bribes Göth into allowing him to build a sub-camp for his workers, with the motive of keeping them safe from the depredations of the guards. Eventually, an order arrives from Berlin commanding Göth to exhume and destroy all bodies of those killed in the Krakow ghetto, dismantle Paszów, and to ship the remaining Jews to Auschwitz. Schindler prevails upon Göth to let him keep "his" workers so that he can move them to a factory in his old home of Zwittau-Brinnlitz, in Moravia -- away from the "final solution" now fully under way in occupied Poland. Göth acquiesces, charging a certain amount for each worker. Schindler and Stern assemble a list of workers that should keep them off the trains to Auschwitz. "Schindler's List" comprises these "skilled" inmates, and for many of those in Paszów, being included means the difference between life and death. Schindler also plays a game of high card draw for one worker in particular, Helen Hirsch, who'd been serving as Göth's housekeeper and had been a victim of his continual abuse. Göth is reluctant, hoping to run away with her but knowing that such an action would result in his death as well as hers. He also floats the idea of simply executing her but finally decides to play Schindler for Helen's life. Helen is among those who board the train to Brinnlitz. All of the men on Schindler's list arrive safely at the new site, with the exception to the train carrying the women and the children, which is accidentally redirected to Auschwitz. There, the women are directed to what they believe is a gas chamber; after a harrowing experience where their hair is crudely cut off and they are forced to strip, they see only water falling from the showers. The day after, the women are shown waiting in line for work. In the meantime, Schindler had rushed immediately to Auschwitz to solve the problem and to get the women out of Auschwitz; to this end he bribes the camp commander, Rudolf Höss (Hans-Michael Rehberg), with a cache of diamonds so that he is able to spare all the women and the children. However, a last problem arises just when all the women are boarding the train because several SS officers attempt to hold some children back and prevent them from leaving. Schindler, there to personally oversee the boarding, steps in and is successful in obtaining from the officers the release of the children. Once the Schindler women arrive in Zwittau-Brinnlitz, Schindler institutes firm controls on the Nazi guards assigned to the factory; summary executions are forbidden, abuse of the workers is as well and the Nazi guards are not allowed on the factory floor. Schindler also permits the Jews to observe the Sabbath, and spends much of his fortune acquired in Poland bribing Nazi officials. In his home town, he surprises his wife while she's in church during mass, and tells her that she is the only woman in his life (despite having been shown previously to be a womanizer). She goes with him to the factory to assist him. He runs out of money just as the German army surrenders, ending the war in Europe. As a German Nazi and self-described "profiteer of slave labor," Schindler must flee the oncoming Soviet Red Army. After dismissing the Nazi guards to return to their families, he packs a car in the night, and bids farewell to his workers. They give him a letter explaining he is not a criminal to them, together with a ring engraved with the Talmudic quotation, "He who saves the life of one man, saves the world entire." Schindler is touched but deeply distraught, feeling he could've done more to save many more lives. He leaves with his wife during the night, dressed in Polish prisoner clothes, posing as refugees. The Schindler Jews, having slept outside the factory gates through the night, are awakened by sunlight the next morning. A Soviet dragoon arrives and announces to the Jews that they have been liberated by the Red Army. The Jews walk to a nearby town in search of food. A title card informs us that Schindler was declared a "righteous person" by the Yad Vashem of Jerusalem, and himself planted a tree on the Avenue of the Righteous in Israel, which still grows to this day. The fate of Göth is also shown; he was captured near the German town of Bad Tolz and taken back to Paszów where, defiant to the end and announcing his allegiance to Hitler, is hanged for crimes against humanity. As the surviving Schindler Jews walk abreast, the frame changes to another of the Schindler Jews in the present day (in color) at the grave of Oskar Schindler in Israel. The film ends with a procession of now-aged Jews who worked in Schindler's factory, each of whom reverently sets a stone on his grave. The actors portraying the major characters walk hand-in-hand with the people they portrayed, also placing stones on Schindler's grave as they pass. Actor Ben Kingsley escorts the late Itzhak Stern's wife and Caroline Goodall escorts Schindler's wife in her wheelchair. The audience learns that the survivors and descendants of the approximately 1,100 Jews sheltered by Schindler now number over 6,000. The Jewish population of Poland, once numbering in the millions, was at the time of the film's release approximately 4,000. In the final scene, a man (Neeson himself, though his face is not visible) places a pair of roses on the grave, and stands contemplatively over it.
tt0443680
Biography,Crime,Drama
Robert Ford (Casey Affleck) seeks out Jesse James (Brad Pitt) when the James gang is planning a train robbery in Blue Cut, Missouri, making petty, unsuccessful attempts to join the gang with the help of his brother Charley (Sam Rockwell), already a member of the James gang. The train turns out to be carrying only a fraction of the money originally thought, and Frank James (Sam Shepard) informs Charley Ford that the robbery would be the last the James brothers would commit, and that the gang had "gave up their nightridin' for good". Jesse returns home to Kansas City, bringing the Fords, Dick Liddil (Paul Schneider) and his cousin, Wood Hite (Jeremy Renner). Jesse sends Charley, Wood and Dick away, but insists that Bob stay, leading Bob to believe Jesse has taken a shine to him. It transpires that Jesse only required Bob to stay to assist him moving his furniture to a new home. Jesse then allows him to stay with the James family for a few extra days. Bob spends these days obsessing over Jesse, before being sent away to return to his sister's farmhouse and rejoin Wood, Dick and Charley. Dick Liddil reveals to Bob that he is in collusion with another member of the James gang, Jim Cummins, to capture Jesse for a substantial bounty. Meanwhile, Jesse visits another gang member, Ed Miller (Garret Dillahunt), who unwittingly gives away information on Cummins's plot. Jesse kills Miller, then departs with Dick Liddil to hunt down Jim Cummins. Unable to locate Jim, Jesse viciously beats Albert Ford (Jesse Frechette), a young cousin of Bob and Charley. Dick returns to the Boltons' farmhouse, and is involved in a dispute with Wood Hite, ending in Wood's death at the hands of Robert Ford. Hite's body is dumped in the woods, in an effort to conceal this from Jesse. Jesse and Charley Ford travel to St. Joseph, Missouri, and Jesse learns of Wood's disappearance, which Charley denies knowing anything about. Meanwhile, Bob approaches Kansas City police commissioner, Henry Craig (Michael Parks), revealing that he has information regarding Jesse James's whereabouts. To prove his allegiance with the James gang, Bob urges Craig to arrest Dick Liddil. Following Dick's arrest, and subsequent confession to his involvement in numerous James gang robberies, Bob brokers a deal with the Governor of Missouri, Thomas T. Crittenden (James Carville), in which he is given 10 days to capture or kill Jesse James. After being persuaded by Charley, Jesse agrees to take Bob into the gang, and the Ford brothers travel to Jesse's home in St. Joseph, to stay with him, his wife Zee (Mary-Louise Parker), and their two children. Jesse plans numerous robberies with the Fords, beginning with the Platte City bank. On the morning of 3 April 1882, Jesse and the Ford brothers prepare to depart for the Platte City robbery. After reading the morning newspaper, Jesse learns of the arrest and confessions of Dick Liddil. The Fords excuse themselves into the living room, and put on their gun holsters. Jesse removes his own gun belt, lest he look suspicious to the neighbours, and climbs a chair to clean a dusty picture. Robert Ford shoots Jesse James in the back of the head, and the Ford brothers flee the James household, sending a telegram to the Governor to announce Jesse's killing, for which they receive $10,000. After the assassination, the Fords become celebrities with a theater show in Manhattan, re-enacting the assassination with Bob playing himself, and Charley as Jesse James. Guilt-stricken, Charley pens numerous letters to Zee James asking for her forgiveness, none of which he mails. Overwhelmed with despair, Charles Ford commits suicide in May 1884. On June 8, 1892, Bob is sought out and murdered by a man named Edward O'Kelley (Michael Copeman), while working as a saloonkeeper in Creede, Colorado. Despite O'Kelley being ordered to serve a life sentence in prison, Colorado Governor James Bradley Orman pardoned him in 1902.
tt0986233
Biography,Drama
The film opens with prison guard Raymond Lohan (Stuart Graham) preparing to leave for work; checking under his car for bombs, putting on his uniform in the locker room, and ignoring the camaraderie of his colleagues. Davey (Brian Milligan), a new IRA prisoner, arrives at the gaol. Due to his refusal to wear the prison uniform, he is labeled "non-cooperative" and is sent to his cell naked, with only a blanket for warmth. His new roommate, Gerry (Liam McMahon), has smeared the cell with faeces from floor to ceiling and we witness their resistance to the prison regime. The two men get to know each other, as we see them living in the cell.During a visitor day, Gerry's girlfriend sneaks in a small radio by wrapping it and keeping it in her vagina. Prison officers forcibly and violently remove the prisoners from their cells and beat them before pinning them down to cut their long hair and beards, which are grown as part their protest. The prisoners resist with Bobby Sands (Michael Fassbender) spitting in Lohan's face, who responds by punching him in the face and then swings again, only this time missing, and punching the wall in the process, which causes his knuckles to bleed. He cuts Sands' hair and beard, then has his men throw Sands in the bath tub and scrub him clean before hauling him away again in the same brutal manner as before. Lohan is then seen washing his hands as his hands are bloodied, in a similar way similar to the first scene. Later, the prisoners are taken out of their cells and given second-hand civilian clothing. The guards can be seen and heard snickering, as the clothes handed to the prisoners. Sands' initial action to this process is to tear up his clothes and wreck his cell, to which the rest of the prisoners mirror in their own cells. For the next interaction with the prisoners, a large number of riot officers are seen arriving at the prison on a truck. They line up and beat their batons against their shields and scream to scare the prisoners, who are hauled from their cells, then thrown in between the lines of riot police where they are beaten with the batons by at least 10 men at one time. Lohan and several of his colleagues then probe first their anuses and then their mouths, using the same pair of latex gloves for each man. One prisoner head-butts a guard and is beaten brutally by a riot officer. One of the riot officers is seen crying while his colleagues, on the other side of the wall, brutally beat the prisoners with their batons. Meanwhile, Lohan is shown to visiting his elderly mother in a nursing home, where he is shot in the back of the head by an unnamed IRA assassin and dies slumped onto his non-responsive mother's lap. Sands is the final focus of the film. He deeply believes in the cause for which he was imprisoned and in the righteousness of dying for political prisoner status. In one of the film's most notable scenes, Sands debates the morality of the hunger strike with Father Dominic Moran (Liam Cunningham). In this conversation, Sands tells the priest about a trip to Donegal where he stumbled upon a severely injured young foal by a stream. Sands drowned the foal and tells the priest that even though he got into trouble, he knew by ending its suffering, he had done what was best. He then goes on to state that he knows what he is doing (talking about the hunger strike) and what it will do to his body. Finally, Sands is shown many weeks into his hunger strike, with sores all over his body, kidney failure, low blood pressure, stomach ulcers, and the inability to stand all by himself. In one of his last days, while Sands lies in a bath, a different prison guard/helper comes in to give his usual one a break. The new guard sits next to the tub and shows Sands his tattooed knuckles, which read: "UDA". Sands tries to stand up by himself and eventually succeeds,all whist staring defiantly at the UDA orderly who refuses to help him up. However this movement all but uses up the remaining strength he has left in his body and shortly after, he crumbles into a heap on the floor. Sands' parents stay for his final few days and when Sands dies, 66 days after beginning the strike, his mother is by his side.
tt0422720
Biography,Drama,History
Based on the award-winning biography Marie Antoinette: The Journey by British author, Lady Antonia Fraser, Marie Antoinette is a sympathetic account of the private life of the last queen of France before the Revolution. Opening in the year 1770, Maria Antonia Josepha Joanna (Kirsten Dunst), affectionately known as Antoine, is the beautiful, charming, but naïve youngest daughter of Austria's empress Maria Theresa (Marianne Faithfull). She is selected by her mother to marry her second cousin, the Dauphin of France, Louis XVI, and seal an alliance between the two rival countries. The 14-year-old girl is bundled into a carriage and travels the long journey to a small island in the middle of the Rhine River, a symbolic location representing the transition from Austrian to French territory. Antoine meets the Comtesse de Noailles (Judy Davis), the mistress of the household at Versailles, Antoine's future home. A traditional "crossing-over" ceremony takes place, with the Comtesse explaining that Antoine must relinquish everything from her Austrian life; her clothes, jewelry, friends, ladies-in-waiting, and her beloved pet Pug dog, Mops. Ushered into a tent, she is dressed in the elaborate French fashion before emerging onto the French bank as the Dauphine of France, with her name translated to the French tongue: Marie Antoinette. Later that day, Marie Antoinette is introduced to King Louis XV (Rip Torn), the lewd grandfather of her betrothed, Louis XVI (Jason Schwartzman). The young Dauphin himself is awkward and shy, and nervously meets his fiancée. His aunts, Victoire (Molly Shannon) and Sophie (Shirley Henderson) quietly discuss the new Dauphine, remarking that "she looks like a child," and mocking her Austrian roots. Marie Antoinette is shuttled to the magnificent Versailles, her new home. She beholds the decadent splendor of the palace. She is given very little time to adapt to her new surroundings before she and Louis are married in a lavish ceremony. The king toasts the couple, wishing them many healthy children to produce an heir to their throne.On the wedding night, the marriage bed is consecrated. The newlyweds, still young and uncomfortable in their new situation, fail to fulfill the expectation of intercourse. It is reported to the king the next morning that "apparently, nothing happened." The marriage continues to be fruitless, and the Dauphine feels increasingly stifled by the palace customs, which require her to constantly be attended by an unwanted entourage of servants and noblewomen who neither know her nor care for her.The courtiers quietly disdain Marie Antoinette as a foreigner (an Austrian, no less), and consistently blame her for her failure to produce an heir. Additionally, her relationship with her husband remains as distant as ever. Their sex life is nonexistent, and Louis immerses himself in his hobby of studying locks and keys. The court is rife with gossip, which is relayed to Marie Antoinette by the few courtiers who are warming up to her. The King's mistress, Madame du Barry (Asia Argento), is notorious for her crude manners and temper. She is hated by the court in general, who know that the King had found her at a brothel and had given her a title of Comtesse in order to keep her at Versailles. The Dauphine is encouraged to shun her, but her adviser, Ambassador Mercy (Steve Coogan) warns that snubbing du Barry may put her at odds with the King, and that Marie Antoinette is already on thin ice due to her unproductive marriage. The Dauphine reluctantly engages in a one-sentence conversation with du Barry, which quells the scandal. Marie Antoinette continues to ruffle feathers by breaching the high formality of Versailles, though she is simply trying to be warm and caring. She accompanies her husband on a hunting trip and passes out food to the attendants and even to the dogs. She applauds at the finale of an opera, in contrast to social norms, but encourages the rest of the audience to applaud as well.She slowly begins to settle in, and befriends Victoire and Sophie, as well as other ladies of the court. She receives a letter from her mother, who warns her that an unconsummated marriage could easily be annulled, and that she should make more of a sexual effort with her husband. The Dauphine unsuccessfully tries to seduce Louis that night. It is rumored in court that the Dauphin is either impotent or a closeted homosexual. Marie Antoinette continues to adapt to her new life over the next few years, though she and Louis have still not produced a child. She finds solace in buying lavish gowns and shoes, eating elaborate cakes and pastries, and gambling with her lady friends at cards. One night, she, her husband, her friend the Duchesse de Polignac (Rose Byrne) and several others go incognito to a masked ball in Paris, where they continue in their frivolity. There she meets Swedish Count Axel von Fersen (Jamie Dornan), and there is an instant attraction. In 1774, Louis XV passes away after a short illness. As he could not be given his last rites due to his having a mistress, du Barry is sent away from court. Louis XVI is crowned King of France and the new Queen Marie Antoinette accompanies him to Reims for the coronation ceremony. Despite the growing poverty and unrest among the French working class, Marie Antoinette continues her spending sprees and remains indifferent to the struggles of the people. The new King is young and inexperienced and begins spending more money on foreign wars, sending France even further into debt. Marie Antoinette is delighted by a visit from her brother, the Holy Roman Emperor Joseph II (Danny Huston). After a warm reunion, Joseph reveals that their mother had sent him to council King Louis about the mechanics of a sexual relationship (using the King's hobby of locks and keys as an example). Soon afterward, the King and Queen consummate their marriage at long last. Marie Antoinette becomes pregnant and delivers a baby girl, Marie Therese, in December of 1778. Though she would like to have a closer relationship with her daughter, it is not considered proper for the Queen to nurse the child herself. Louis presents her with the Petit Trianon, a private cottage and garden on the grounds of Versailles. Marie Antoinette spends much time there with her friends and daughter, enjoying the peace and beauty of nature. After a party with friends, she enters into an affair with Count Fersen, who was in attendance. Despite this secret relationship, the Queen maintains an amiable relationship with her husband. Over the next few years, France continues to subsidize the American Revolution by giving funds and troops to the new nation to help fight the British, despite the enormous expense. Food shortages grow more frequent, as do food riots in Paris. Marie Antoinette's image with her subjects has completely deteriorated at this point. Her luxurious lifestyle and apparent callous indifference to the common people result in unflattering and obscene political cartoons in the local newspapers and earn her the title "Madame Déficit." Beginning to mature, she focuses less on her obligations as a socialite and more on her family, and tones down her opulent lifestyle, including a decision to stop purchasing diamonds. A few months after her mother's death in November 1780, Marie Antoinette gives birth to a boy, Louis-Joseph, the new Dauphin. Another year later, she gives birth to a second boy who dies in infancy. In July 1789, the French Revolution comes into full fruition and an angry mob begins a march from Paris to Versailles. As most of the nobility flees the country, the royal family resolves to stay. The rioting sans-culottes reach the palace and the King and Queen are captured by the revolutionaries and are forced to leave the following morning. The film ends with the royal family's transference from Versailles to the Tuileries for their semi-imprisonment. The last image is a shot of the Queen's bedroom, destroyed by the mob. It is noted in the final disclaimer that Louis XVI was executed by the revolutionaries in early 1793 and Marie Antoinette was also beheaded several months later that same year. With the French monarchy abolished, France then became a Republic.
tt1042877
Biography,Drama,Music
This movie is based on the true story of how a small music recording studio, Chess Records, located on the south side of Chicago, began recording blues music with Muddy Waters (Jeffrey Wright) and Little Walter (Columbus Short) in 1947, and eventually gave birth to rock and roll in 1955 with Chuck Berry (Mos Def). Record producer, Leonard Chess (Adrien Brody) has an ear for this different type of music, and believes he can cash in by signing up new talent such as songwriter, Willie Dixon (Cedric the Entertainer), Howlin' Wolf (Eamonn Walker), and Etta James (Beyonce Knowles). Leonard Chess makes all of his artist part of his family and takes care of them. This is not an easy job for him, because they spend a small fortune on booze, drugs, and the high life. When Chuck Berry goes to jail, Leonard is able to find another talented performer, Etta James, to take his place. In the late sixties, as their music goes out of favor, Leonard Chess gets out of the record business. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0455590
Biography,Drama,History
Scotland 1970. The sky is cloudy and stark grey and a group of newly graduated students jump into the lake to celebrate. Newly minted doctor Nicholas Garrigan (James McAvoy) is having dinner with his mother (Barbara Rafferty) and father (David Ashton), also a doctor. It is a drab affair and the father assumes Nicholas will join the family practice. We are left with an impression that Nicholas's father is a controlling man. In his room, Nicholas spins a globe promising himself "first place you land you go first place you land you go." Shutting his eyes, he jabs the spinning globe. Opening his eyes he sees that his finger has landed on Canada. Thinking about it for a moment or two, he spins the globe again and this time his finger lands on Uganda. Credits roll as we are in Uganda. It is bright, sunny, lush, and full of activities and life. Nicholas is riding the bus and becomes friendly with a young woman . A line of military vehicles and tanks pass the bus on their way to a military coup to overthrow president Obote. Nicholas is completely clueless and the young woman assures Nicholas they are safe and it will be a great time for Uganda now that Idi Amin (Forest Whitaker) will be president. Nicholas and the young woman have sex in her home. Nicholas arrives at his destination and meets Sarah (Gillian Anderson), the pretty wife of Dr. Merrit (Adam Kotz) whom he will be working for in a rural clinic. Merrit is a dedicated doctor, a "good man" who frequently leaves his wife and Nicholas alone in the clinic while he attends emergency cases several miles away. Nicholas offers to accompany Merrit or attend to an emergency case himself but Merrit dismissively tells him to stay at the clinic. Nicholas is disappointed with his latest 'father figure'. Sarah has a world-weariness about her. Though 80% of the villagers prefer their witch doctors, Nicholas still has his hands full with treatments and inoculations. While playing soccer with the village children, he hears that Amin will be giving a speech nearby and convinces Sarah to attend the rally with him. The two really stand out in the rally as they are the only white people there. Listening to Amin orating to a crowd of Ugandans, Nicholas is deeply impressed and enjoys the high spiritedness around him. Amin promises a reign of peace, prosperity, public health care and other visionary advancements. Nicholas sees Amin as the rest of the world first sees him; a charismatic and entertaining figure who was greeted with enthusiasm by his people and who seemed to have their interests at heart. Driving back to the clinic Sarah cynically said the Ugandans gave the same party to Obote before throwing him out. Nicholas thinks Sarah should give the man a chance to do his job before criticizing him. They are interrupted by terrified soldiers begging them to come treat Amin who has been in an accident. The scared soldier is our first clue of Amin's true character. The presidential motorcade has collided with a cow and Amin is sure that his hand is broken. Nicholas quickly determines that the injury is just a sprain and works to bandage Amin's hand. Unable to concentrate on his bandaging on account of the dying cow's incessant bellowing, Nicholas impulsively grabs a pistol sitting on the car and shoots the cow, putting it out of its misery. With 10 machine guns immediately trained on him, Nicholas stammers an apology and returns the gun to a menacing Amin who demands to know if Nicholas is British. Nicholas clarifies that he is Scottish and shows his emblem tee shirt under his first shirt. Amin's behavior immediately does a 180 degree turn and praises the Scottish culture and people, especially their historical warriors. Nicholas is confused but charmed by this man who seems to take a genuine interest in him. Amin asks for Nicholas's tee shirt for his son, Campbell and the two men exchange shirts. Amin's military shirt sits like an oversize coat on Nicholas. Later that night Nicholas invites Sarah for drinks on the porch. Knowing full well of Nicholas's intention, Sarah confides that as a wife of a "good man" she is often unnoticed and undervalued. Nicholas is empathetic as his own father is a "good man". Nicholas kisses her; Sarah quickly comes to her senses and leaves Nicholas alone. The next day the Ugandan Health Minister, who is Amin's #1 adviser, arrives to bring Nicholas to Amin in the presidential limousine. Thinking that the hypochondriac Amin just wants him to re-tie the bandages, Nicholas promises Sarah that he will return soon and is whisked away to the bustling capital, an active modern city and a far cry from the dilapidated village Nicholas is working in. Nicholas meets Amin and is taken back by the offer to be his personal physician. In an example where Amin's craziness seems benign at first he tells Nicholas that he has already dreamed the date of his own death. "I know exactly when I'm going to die so you do not need to worry about making a mistake". Nicholas turns down the job offer twice and Amin guesses that Nicholas has an infatuation with a married woman back in the village. He promises to take Nicholas back to the village first thing in the morning but first he must attend tonight's state dinner. Since Nicholas does not have a suit Amin sends him to a tailor. Measured for a suit by Asian tailors (they are either Indian or Pakistanis), Nicholas worries about the cost and the tailor assures him it is covered by the president's account. Overhearing this is a British diplomat, Stone. Outside the tailor shop Nicholas hears a commotion and sees a man being chased by Amin's men, who catch the man and stuff him into the trunk of their car. Amin's men are hunting down suspected Obote supporters. Stone praises Amin's "firm hand" - after all, he trained among Scottish soldiers with the King's African Rifles. Stone says Amin is one of their own. The state dinner is a lavish affair and Nicholas is introduced to Amin's wives. Wife #1 has given Amin 5 children and wife #2 has given Amin 3 children. The third wife is simply introduced as Kay. Kay tersely thanks Nicholas for the tee shirt for her son Campell, it is her way of saying she has given Amin a child as well. Amin makes a rousing speech starting with stories of Greeks stealing philosophies and Arabs stealing medicine knowledge from Africa and claiming them as their own. He says Uganda will be an independent and great African country and, please enjoy the food as he humorously promises that it contains no human flesh. Nicholas meets Stone again and Stone remarks that it is nice to have another Englishman around. Nicholas peevishly clarifies that he is a Scotsman. Amin's fondness for Nicholas is obvious and the British diplomats tease Nicholas that Amin has "clasped you to his bosom". Nicholas is woken in the middle of the night by the frantic servant and summoned to Amin's bedroom. Amin is lying in bed in pain, sure he has been poisoned. Nicholas palpates the stomach and notice glasses of beer and aspirin on the night stand. He finds a baseball bat, presses it against Amin's stomach and a large amount of gas is released. Amin immediately feels better and the Health Minister, who was watching the entire scene, leaves. Amin is ashamed and upset that Nicholas has seen him in his greatest weakness; fear and paranoia. Nicholas assures confidentiality due to the doctor's oath. Amin opens up a bit to Nicholas with stories from his childhood while the soundtrack tells us that Nicholas has been unwittingly trapped. Some time later Nicholas calls Sarah to apologize for accepting Amin's offer. In the background Amin is playing with his numerous children. Nicholas is given a swanky apartment in the immaculate presidential compound and his job is set up in the Presidential Hospital where he meets his predecessor, Dr. Junju. At the hospital he runs into Stone again who wants to use Nicholas as a spy due to his exceptional access to Amin. Nicholas rebuffs Stone's offer, nonetheless Stone cautions him to "keep in touch." Nicholas enjoys the benefits of being in Amin's inner circle and Amin takes him everywhere except outside Uganda. Due to their great physical differences, Nicholas looks something like Amin's pet or trophy. Very soon Nicholas is more than Amin's personal physician but also his most trusted advisor, something Amin says many times in front of senior officers. One day Amin tells Nicholas to attend a meeting in his place as he has to go to Libya at the last minute. Nicholas arrives at the meeting and introduces himself. The attendees are surprised that Nicholas is a doctor and Nicholas is surprised to learn the attendees are important contractors from the foreign consulates. The meeting is to bid for construction contracts. Dressed in Islamic garbs, Amin examines the model for the new building and is pleased with the design Nicholas has chosen. Praising Nicholas's good taste, Amin tells the Health Minister he has no sense of style. The Health Minister simply stares at Amin. Amin's pleasant mood turns sour and he sends the Health Minister away. Amin asks Nicholas if he thought the Health Minister looked at Amin strangely. Nicholas says no. While examining X-ray pictures, Nicholas and Junju hear a series of explosions. Rushing to the hospital roof they see columns of smoke rising in the distant hills where political prisoners are held in a prison. Gunfire can be heard. A messenger comes running looking for Nicholas, saying that the President's son is sick. Nicholas is taken to a house and finds a distressed Kay hovering over a boy in the midst of a seizure. Nicholas assumes that the boy is Campbell but Kay says he is Mackenzie. It is clear Nicholas never heard of or seen Mackenzie before despite being the family's physician, and it is clearer that Kay and the servants have no idea Mackenzie's condition is called epilepsy. Nicholas wants to take Mackenzie to the hospital but Kay begs Nicholas not to, as she and her son are banished from the palace. Kay says Amin regards her as a "bad omen" wife because of Mackenzie's condition and they cannot live in the palace with the other families. Nicholas gives Mackenzie a shot to calm the seizure and then puts him to bed. Nicholas finds it ridiculous that Mackenzie does not have access to medical attention and makes an appointment for McKenzie at the hospital. Kay looks at Nicholas differently this time. Amin is hosting a state event and he is dressed in Scottish garb, kilt and all. Scottish folk songs are sung in African arrangements. During the ceremony Kay and Nicholas exchange glances; Amin notices this. The following morning Nicholas is woken early by Amin. To thank Nicholas for helping his epileptic son Amin gives him a brand new silver Mercedes convertible. Nicholas is beyond thrilled and Amin wants Nicholas to drive him to the airport. Nicholas returns to his apartment to change only to see that Amin has followed him into his room. Realizing Amin is not going to leave, Nicholas quickly changes his clothes and asks about the explosions and gunfire heard coming from the hills. Amin says his men held off Obete's men at the prison and quickly changes the subject. Driving together to the airport following the presidential limousine, Amin tells Nicholas that his epileptic son has all the material comfort he needs. Nicholas argues that exiling the boy denies him treatment and a father's attention. Amin counters that Nicholas has never been poor. Their argument is interrupted by trucks of assassins targeting the presidential limousine. Nicholas manages to drive Amin out of harm's way. Once secured and surrounded by military men, Amin freaks out and repeats to Nicholas that he cannot die because he saw it in his dream. Amin continues to rant and vent about traitors while Nicholas is silent and shell shocked. Amin begins screaming for his number #1 advisor, the Health Minister, and belittles Nicholas for not knowing where he is. A solider comes to Amin to tell him some of the assassins are caught. Amin brings Nicholas with him to see the captured assassins who are being tortured. While Amin screams and rants at the prisoners, Nicholas looks down and notices there is blood on his hand. Nicholas is shaken by the recent events and goes to a Holiday Inn lounge to unwind and calm down. There he sees the Health Minister talking to a white man in a secretive manner. Some time later Nicholas is in Amin's office having him sign papers for supplies for the hospital. As he is leaving, Amin calls Nicholas back and asks him what is on his mind as it is obvious Nicholas is distracted. Nicholas admits he saw the Health Minister at the Holiday Inn lounge talking to a strange white man. It's probably nothing but perhaps Amin should talk to the Health Minister. Nicholas reiterates it is likely "nothing." While lounging in the pool in presidential compound, Nicholas sees Kay and MacKenzie playing in the pool with the rest of the family. Kay tells Nicholas that Mackenzie is doing much better now that he is allowed to return to the palace and play with his brothers. Kay seems happy for the first time and looks at Nicholas fondly. While Nicholas is admiring Kay, Stone arrives and tells Nicholas that people are disappearing in the countryside. Out of loyalty and ignorance, Nicholas accuses Stone of being a typical Brit with no regard for Africa and that he's sure there is a perfectly reasonable explanation for those disappearances. Stone then tells Nicholas that the Health Minister is one of the disappeared. Panicked, Nicholas goes to the Ministry of Health building only to find a different person is now the Health Minister. Nicholas knows it is his fault the Health Minister is likely dead even as he delivers the "official statement" that the Heath Minister has fled the country for embezzling funds and is a suspected Obete supporter. Nicholas soon learns that the Health Minister was securing a supply of medicine from the white man in Holiday Inn lounge. It is raining heavily late at night and Nicholas is floating in the pool alone, distressed and upset. Nicholas goes to see Amin to announce he is going home. Amin turns around and it's actually a body double in Amin's uniform. The real Amin and his goons jump out of the shadows laughing and teasing Nicholas. Amin keeps saying "I caught you I caught you" in a childish manner. There are several body doubles in the room and Amin asks Nicholas if the body doubles are more handsome than him. Nicholas of course says no and Amin taunts one of the body doubles that he is ugly. This is another example of Amin insulting his underlings. After sending his body doubles and goons out of the room, Amin turns serious and tells Nicholas that he cannot go back to Scotland, Uganda is his home now and he is like to a son to Amin. Nicholas begs that he is way over his head especially after the Health Minister affair. Amin scolds Nicholas for his naivety ("nothing can come from nothing"), arrogance, and his white man's attitude toward Africa. Amin then embraces him. Amin throws a party with go-go girls to cheer Nicholas up, even featuring himself as an Uganda cowboy. This doesn't help as Nicholas still looks very unhappy and downs drink after drink. He runs away from a go-go girl assigned to him and straight into Kay's arms. They end up having sex in a room while the party is still going outside. Kay warns Nicholas that Amin has always been this way and only now shows his true character to Nicholas. She tells him needs to find a way to get out of Uganda. Nicholas still tries to rationalize that things aren't really that bad. Nicholas and Kay return to the party to find it dispirited now that Amin is playing a melancholy tune on the accordion in a trance-like state. This is one of many examples of Amin's quicksilver temperament. Nicholas returns to his apartment after the party only to find it in completely ransacked. He finds an envelope and upon opening it finds a Ugandan passport with his picture. His Scottish passport gone, Nicholas goes to see Stone who shows him gruesome pictures of murdered people suspected of being Obete's supporters, even entire tribes have been wiped out. Stone saves the best for last, a picture of the dead Health Minister. Stricken, Nicholas pleads for help to get out of Uganda but Stone says he has to "earn his passage" by killing Amin now that the British can no longer control him. Nicholas learns that he has been called "Amin's white monkey" by others. Trapped without friend or allies, Nicholas and Kay continue to find comfort with one another. Amin grows increasingly unpredictable and Nicholas's hospital is filled with refugees and victims of Amin's regime. His latest crazy scheme is to kick all Asians out of Uganda within 90 days, calling them leeches. This is part of Amin's plan for an all-black African country. Nicholas arrives at the hospital to find it in total chaos as Amin's goons are trying to expel Asian patients. Goon#1 is beating up Junju and Nicholas stops him and demands that the goons leave the hospital. The goons leave but not before goon#1 gives Nicholas an especially evil glare. Nicholas goes to Amin and tells him he cannot expel the Asians as they have lived in Uganda for generations and only they have the ability to run the infrastructure of the country. Uganda's economy will be severely crippled if Amin carries out this mad plan. Amin doesn't believe Nicholas and angrily dismisses him as "nothing but a doctor - a nobody". Kay calls Nicholas in a panic that Amin is "going to kill us." She is pregnant. Kay threatens to go to a village witch doctor and Nicholas begs her not to, that he will somehow arrange the abortion in a clinical setting and that they will do it first thing in the morning. The following morning Nicholas tells Junju what has happened and he understandably freaks out and refuses to have the abortion done in the hospital as Amin is sure to find out and kill any doctors performing the abortion. Nicholas decides he will have to do it himself and raids the medical supply room for the necessary operation when goon #1 interrupts him and said Amin wants to see him right away. Amin is in hysterics, furious over international newspapers labelling him a madman and a cannibal. He screams that "these are all lies!" and threatens to throw all foreign journalists out of Uganda. He starts in on Nicholas and angrily demands to know why Nicholas did not warn him not to throw the Asians out of Uganda. Nicholas furiously protests that he did precisely this, and Amin throws back, "Ah, but you did not persuade me!" Cornered, Nicholas advises Amin not to throw the journalists out of Uganda but instead invite them where he can turn on the charm. Amin calms down and happily coos "what will I do without my Nicholas." But Nicholas only looks frightened and Amin asks if there is anything else. Nicholas says no. Amin grabs Nicholas by the face and asks again. Nicholas, losing courage, still says no. Amin lets go of him and says he has to stay for the press conference. By now we realise the two men's relationship is something of a bizarre love affair, an on-then-off again romance with the heart of darkness. The irony is Nicholas left Scotland to escape a controlling father figure only to be captivated by another, and has gone from the frying pan into the inferno. At the press conference Amin turns on his charm for the media to distract them and the world from what he's really doing. It works as nearly all the foolish journalists nod their heads in agreement with Amin's ridiculous explanations. Not surprising as many of history's great villains were charismatic enough to get people to go along with their actions. In this conference we find out why Amin calls himself the Last King of Scotland. He sees in Scottish devolutionary ambition a parallel to Africa's own struggle against the English and announces since he has successfully defeated the British, he will do the same for Scotland and hence he will be their king. After the press conference Nicholas drives like a bat out of hell to Kay's house only to find weeping servants telling him Kay has already gone to the witch doctor and now has been taken to the hospital due to complications from the back-alley abortion. Nicholas rushes to the hospital only to hear creepy wailings. Following the noise he finds series of crying people in the hallway, some appear to have gone insane. Going down to the basement he finds hordes of distressed people and goon#1 telling them this is what happens to those who betray Amin. Entering the morgue he finds Kay's dismembered body. Her legs have been sewn on in place of her arms and her arms in place of her legs.. Her son is in the same room. Nicholas cries over Kay's body and vomits. Nicholas goes to see Amin who is watching porn with his goons. He gloomily tells Nicholas that he did it to make an example of Kay because she betrayed him. Nicholas gives Amin a bottle of pills for his "headache" and rushes out. Outside he is stopped by the guards and brought back inside where Amin is gleeful and jovial and teases Nicholas for "running away from me". He tells Nicholas that Palestinian terrorists have hijacked an Air France plane and he has allowed them to land in Uganda. Amin feels this is an opportunity to both help his "Palestinian brothers" and show the world what a great leader he is. While riding to the airport with Amin and the goons, Nicholas nervously eyes the bottle of headache pills still in Amin's hands, indicating that the pills are actually poison. Amin, Nicholas, and the goons arrive at Entebbe airport where Amin assures the news media that the hostages will be looked after and sends in Nicholas. Nicholas notices that goon #1 now has Amin's bottle of pills but he can do nothing about it. Nicholas meets Junju and the nurses that are giving malaria pills to the hostages. While treating the hostages for shock, Nicholas sees goon #1 going outside with the pills. Nicholas follows and sees goon #1 force a child solider to take the pill. Before the boy could swallow the pill Nicholas runs out and makes the boy spit out the pill. In the next scene the goons are dragging a badly beaten Nicholas in front of the horrified hostages to a shop out of sight from others. Amin tells Nicholas that he knows about the affair with Kay and tells him a story of a practice done in his village to purge a man of evil by hanging him by his skin. Every time the man screams, a bit of evil is released. Amin tells Nicholas that he has "grossly offended your father." Nicholas reaches up to touch Amin and whispers, "You're a child. That's what makes you so scary." The goons bring ropes and 2 hooks. Holding Nicholas up they proceed to pierce his chest with the hooks while Nicholas is looking straight into Amin's eyes, refusing to scream. Nicholas is strung up and hangs from the ceiling by his skin (a couple of people in the movie theater passed out watching this scene). He never screams and appears to have died. Amin watches, looking genuinely sad and sheds a tear. Amin goes outside and his public persona immediately returns, smiling charmingly for the cameras. He announces that Israel is willing to negotiate and he has made arrangements for the non-Israel citizens to be safety transported away by plane. The goons take down Nicholas's body and proceed to the basement to unwind with cards and alcohol, leaving the body on the floor of the shop. Junju sneaks in, gives Nicholas a shot (probably adrenaline) to wake him up, bandage up his body and face, and wipe off as much blood as he can. Junju tells Nicholas that while he may deserve to die, he is useless dead. Junju plans to have Nicholas escape with the non-Israelii hostages to a plane and tell the world the truth about Amin, after all they would believe him since he is a white man. Junju gives Nicholas his blazer to better disguise him and pushes him out the door just as the hostages walking to the plane pass by. The hostages help him walk to the plane and comfort him once they are safely on board. The goons return and discover the body gone and go tearing through the airport looking for him. They find Junju trying to leave the airport and suspect that he has something do with the missing doctor. They take Junju back to the shop and shoot him in the head. The goons interrupt Amin's press interview where he has just explained that he has broken off relations with Israel. The plane is safely in the air and Amin watches it fly away. Knowing that he is finally truly out of Uganda, Nicholas lets himself pass out. Epilogue reveals that 48 hours later the Israeli military force made a daring raid on the Entebbe airport and rescued all the hostages except one that died. World opinion permanently turned against Amin. (Personal note: Ugandans saw the Israeli's successful rescue of the Entebbe hostages as a sign of Amin's weakness and this was the turning point on Amin's hold on his power) Amin was overthrown for good in 1979. He died in 2003 while living in exile in Saudi Arabia. He is responsible for 300,000 deaths in Uganda. The movie shows actual documentation reels of Idi Amin, including a scene of a Ugandan marching army dressed entirely in Scottish garb.
tt0402399
Biography,Drama,History
Over a shot of trees reflected in water, a girl, Pocahontas, invokes a spirit to sing the the story of our land. We see her, reaching up to the sky. After a title sequence, over which nature sounds are heard, we see a shot of Native Americans swimming underwater, Pocahontas and her brother, as others on the shore point to something. Three ships come into view, and a title tells us this is Virginia, 1607. Aboard the one of the ships we see Captain Newport giving instructions, as others look out at the new world. In the brig is Captain Smith, who catches fresh water on his face. Native Americans, including Pocahontas rush to the shore to wonder at this sight. A landing party from the ships comes ashore. Captain Smith, about to be hanged on shore, is pardoned by Captain Newport, to the dismay of Wingall. As Captain Smith explores the land alone, Captain Newport decides to stay where they are. He warns the settlers not to disturb or anger the Natives, because they may need to trade with them. He says once they are settled, they will go north to find a route to the other sea. The Natives encounter the settlers for the first time, sniffing them. The settlers show some trepidation. Pocahontas and her brother watch from a distance. In voice over, Smith says they are kind and timid. Newport, worried about a native attack, orders them English to sleep aboard their ships, and instructs them to start building a fort in the morning. Slackers, he says, will be whipped. He warns them that they are not there to pillage, but to start a new colony. As they build a fort, the Natives watch them in puzzlement, and try to communicate with them. Pocahontas and her brother dance in the fields, and, when she is alone, Smith sees her for the first time. Some of the settlers steal food from their supplies, and more is ruined by the bad weather. A man is sentenced to have his ears cut off. A Native who picks up an axe from the fort is shot and killed by a settler. Smith makes a show of putting the settler's head underwater in front of the Natives as punishment. Newport warns them that they have lost the favour of the Naturals. He also says that had they not sighted land the day they did, he would have turned back. Many of the settlers are sick, others are about to mutiny. Their supplies are low. He has spoken to Natives who say there is a city up river. He proposes to send an envoy to this city to trade. He himself will return to England, and Radcliffe will be in charge. As it is a hazardous mission, Smith, the only professional soldier in the outfit, is picked to lead it. A group of settlers, with some Natives set out up the river. In voiceover, Smith talks of making a new start, where the blessing of the earth are bestowed on all, a true commonwealth with no landlords or high rents. When they land, a Native escapes. A smaller group of three settlers and a Native continue up river. In full armour, Smith loses the Native in the high grass. He becomes disorientated in the swamp. He is shot at with two arrows. Finding it hard to fight back from a Native attack, he is captiured. The Natives examine his belongings, a compass he tries to explain what it is for. Tying his hands and blindfolding him, they take him to their village. There, in a longhouse, he meets their chief. A Native hands the chief a hand presumably belonging to one of Smith's party. The Natives and Smith talk he tells them he's from the East. The chief tells him he must go. Smith insists they cannot leave until spring. He tries to trade, showing them gunpowder. Smith, believing he is about to be killed, lies there as Pocahontas throws herself on him. The chief's brother tells him to kill him. But he says he can teach Pocahontas about the world. Smith takes part in some kind of ceremony, and is carried out of the longhouse. The chief's brother says that if they do no leave, they must drive them into the sea. As the Natives gather corn and practise their archery, Smith wanders their village. He teaches Pocahontas English. There is a growing tenderness between them. Smith talks in voiceover about how Pocahontas is the king's favourite daughter. They are seen talking, and Smith practises fighting with a group of Native males. He begins to get accepted into the group. He talks about how they are gentle, faithful and lacking in guile and trickery, no sense of possession. Smith and Pocahontas play together. One evening in the village, Pocahontas's father asks her to promise him she will remain loyal to her people, and warns her that Smith is not of of them. At the shore, Pocahontas gives Smith a feather, he touches her face and kisses her. In voiceover, he asks if we shall deny love when it visits us, and the Natives are seen putting out their fishing nets. He says there is only this, all else is unreal. Pocahontas asks mother, where do you live? In the sky? The clouds? The sea? Show me your face. Give me a sign. We rise, we rise. Smith shows Pocahontas his drawings of English towns. He dances around a fire with the other Natives. Smith and Pocahontas share a few moments together before he is led back to the English fort, where the Natives give him food, on the understanding from the King that they will leave come spring. He is told there is no sea beyond the mountains, just a land that has no end. Smith finds the fort a stark, grey place. Many of the settlers are sick, others have died. Others constantly argue over trivial things. Buildings are left unfinished. Smith and Wingall Argue. He is told his has been found guilty in a trial. Other settlers join the argument. Wingall is shot. Smith is put in charge of the colony. He finds their crops have failed. He orders everyone to dig a well. Some of the settlers pointlessly dig for gold. Settlers gather around a fire, boiling their belts for sustenance. Another settler reports that one has died and his hands have been eaten. Smiths wishes to go back up the river, to live with Pocahontas in the wild. As winter arrives things get worse for the settlers. They are only saved when Pocahontas, against her father's wishes, brings them some fresh food. Smith and Pocahontas talk. She asks him why he hasn't come to her. He tells her not to trust him. He says she doesn't know who he is. She, in voiceover, wonders who he is. Going up river to trade with a Native, Smith spends time with Pocahontas. He asks if she wants him to go back to be with her again. Pocahontas is chided by her father for giving the settlers seeds. He realises the English do no intend to leave. She visits the fort at night. She tells Smith to make peace with the Natives. She asks him to come away with her. Here, at the fort, he is cynical about the idea. He warns her that people will find out that she came. The Natives attack the fort. The settlers fight back. During the battle, Pocahontas's brother is killed. The Natives enter the fort. For telling the settlers of the impending attack, Pocahontas is sent to live with another tribe. The settlers plan take Pocahontas from her exile, in exchange for a copper kettle, knowing they will not be attacked while she is at the fort. Smith disagrees with this plan, and is replaced as the president of the colony, and is tortured and made to work chopping wood for his disobedience. Pocahontas arrives at the settlement, and Captain Newport returns to the colony with more settlers, forcing the Natives to sue to peace. Pocahontas visits Smith while he is chopping timber, and again they spend time together in the forest. Captain Newport asks Smith if he wants to bring charges against Argall, and Smith indicates that he does not. Newport tells Smith that the King has requested Smith lead an expedition to find a passage to the Indies via the North. An English newcomer, Mary, begins to look after Pocahontas, who, we are told, has given up her name. Mary washes Pocahontas, and dresses her in English clothes and shows her how to walk in shoes. In voiceover, Pocahontas says she will find joy in all she sees. Talking to the settlers, Captain Newport tells them that Eden lies about them, and that they have shed the bondage of the old world, and should set a fresh example for humanity. He says their youth is their strength, and their inexperience their wisdom. He says they should prepare a land where man can rise to his true stature. Smith leaves instructions with his friend, Ben, that Pocahontas should be told he has drowned two months after he leaves. Pocahontas cries when he leaves. She is shown learning to read and write. Mary tells her she should forget about Smith, as he told her a pack of lies. Ben tells her he has died. She covers her face in ash, and wanders the settlement, as if she is lost and alone. The settlers burn a Native village, forcing its inhabitants to leave. Pocahontas is seen lying in the mud between two buildings. She gives water to a man in stocks. John Rolfe, a newcomer, is shown watching her. In voiceover, he talks about how when he first saw her, she was regarded as finished, broken, and that she barely noticed the others around her. He asks to spend the afternoon with her. Mary says that Pocahontas's nature can turn trouble into good, that when a branch breaks off a tree, the tree keeps reaching towards the light. Rolfe teaches Pocahontas about the months of the year, she asks him what a day is, what an hour is. She asks him why the Earth has colours. Pocahontas is baptised with the name Rebecca. She begins to work in the fields for John Rolfe. She asks him if he is kind, they embrace. Over scenes of her attempting to catch crickets, Rolfe is heard saying that she weaves things together. He asks her to marry him. She asks where they would live, he says either in Virginia or England. She hesitates, and cries, he asks why, and she tells him she supposes she must be happy. They are married by Captain Newport. She gives birth to a child, a boy, named Thomas. Time passes. John Rolfe announces that back in England, the King has requested a royal audience in Pocahontas/Rebecca's honour. Smith is shown on the desolate coast of Greenland. Outside the fort, Pocahontas/Rebecca, overhears two women talking about Smith's travels, and she realises that he is still alive. Pocahontas/Rebecca tells Rolfe that she is married to Smith. Rolfe tells her she does not know the meaning of the word. Leaving for England, Pocahontas/Rebecca speaks to her uncle on the ship, he has been sent by her father to see the God the English speak so much about, and to place a notch in sticks for every Englishman he sees. Arriving in England, people bow before Pocahontas/Rebecca. She and the other Natives have never seen a place like this before. At her audience with the King, Rolfe watches as she is presented. Pocahontas/Rebecca and the King inspect animals from the new world, including a raccoon in a cage. In the manicured grounds of an English house, Pocahontas's uncle is seen wandering in the cold, looking at the carefully sculpted gardens. Smith arrives at Rolfe's estate. Rolfe appears ready to let Pocahontas/Rebecca reunite with Smith. She tells Rolfe that he is the man she thought he was. A dishevelled Smith arrives at the Rolfe's house. Pocahontas/Rebecca meets with him. Initially she does not speak as he talks about her. She realises that she has moved on and he has not. Pocahontas/Rebecca asks Smith if he found his indies. He says he may have sailed past them. He tells her what they knew in the forest was the only truth. Pocahontas/Rebecca bows to him as they part. Pocahontas/Rebecca takes Rolfe's arm, and asks him if they can go home. He tells her they will, as soon as possible. She calls him my husband and they kiss. Pocahontas/Rebecca is shown watching Rolfe and Thomas play. In their garden, Pocahontas/Rebeccas play a game of hide and seek. In voiceover, we hear her say mother, now I know where you live. Over scenes of her playing in the garden and ill in bed, in voiceover, Rolfe is heard writing a letter to Thomas, telling her that Pocahontas/Rebecca fell ill at Gravesend, on their outward passage back to Virginia. He says that she gently reminded him that all must die, and it is enough that their child shall live. We see Pocahontas/Rebecca running through the garden, and turning cartwheels. Rolfe and Thomas are seen returning on the ship. There are shots of lakes, streams and trees in America. A leaf is shown falling from a tree. End credits.
tt0395169
Biography,Drama,History
Tensions between the Hutu and Tutsi peoples lead to a civil war, in a country where corruption and bribes are routine. Paul Rusesabagina (Don Cheadle), the manager of Sabena Hôtel des Mille Collines, is Hutu but his wife, Tatiana (Sophie Okonedo), is Tutsi. His marriage is a source of friction with Hutu extremists, most prominently George Rutaganda, a friendly supplier to the hotel who also is the local leader of Interahamwe, a brutal anti-Tutsi militia. As the political situation in the country deteriorates, Paul and his family observe neighbors being dragged from their homes and openly beaten in the streets. Paul curries favor with people of influence, bribing them with money and alcohol, seeking to maintain sufficient influence to keep his family safe. When civil war erupts and a Rwandan Army officer threatens Paul and his neighbors, Paul barely negotiates their safety, and brings everyone to the hotel. More refugees come to the hotel from the overburdened United Nations camp, the Red Cross, and orphanages. Paul must divert the Hutu soldiers, care for the refugees, be a source of strength to his family, and maintain the appearance of a functioning high-class hotel, as the situation becomes more and more violent, with mobs in the streets just outside the gates. The UN Peacekeeping forces, led by Colonel Oliver (Nick Nolte), are unable to take assertive action against the Interhamwe since they are forbidden to intervene in the genocide. The foreign nationals are evacuated, but the Rwandans are left behind. When the UN forces attempt to evacuate a group of refugees, including Paul's family, they are ambushed and must turn back. In a last-ditch effort to save the refugees, Paul speaks to the Rwandan Army General, Augustin Bizimungu (Fana Mokoena) and when the bribes no longer work, he blackmails him with threats of being tried as a war criminal. The family and the hotel refugees finally leave the besieged hotel in a UN convoy, and they travel through retreating masses of refugees and militia to reach safety behind Tutsi rebel lines. limited details only
tt0454776
Biography,Drama,History
The film begins with Wilberforce severely ill and taking a holiday in Bath, Somerset, with his cousin, Henry Thornton. It is here that he is introduced to his future wife, Barbara Spooner. Although he at first resists, she convinces him to tell her about his life. The story flashes back 15 years to 1782, and William recounts the events that led him to where he is now. Beginning as an ambitious and popular Member of Parliament (MP), William was persuaded by his friends William Pitt, Thomas Clarkson, Hannah More and others to take on the dangerous issue of the British slave trade which led him to become highly unpopular in the House of Commons amongst the Members of Parliament representing vested interests of the trade in the cities of London, Bristol and Liverpool. Exhausted, and frustrated that he was unable to change anything in the government, William becomes physically ill (the diagnosis in the film is colitis, most commonly known today as Crohn's disease), which brings the story back to the present day. Having virtually given up hope, William considers leaving politics forever. Barbara convinces him to keep fighting because if he does not, no one else is capable of doing so. A few days afterward, William and Barbara marry; and William, with a renewed hope for success, picks up the fight where he had previously left off, aided by Thornton, Clarkson and James Stephen. In time, after many attempts to bring legislation forward over twenty years, he is eventually responsible for a bill being passed through Parliament in 1807, which abolishes the slave trade in the British empire forever.
tt0116250
Biography,Drama,History
A movie version of the highly successful musical by Andrew Lloyd Weber and Tim Rice, "Evita" is the story of Argentina's most controversial First Lady, Eva Perón (1919 - 1952.) Her awe-inspiring funeral, attended by seven million devoted followers, is the opening to the musical, with the narrator then brining the story back by over a decade, explaining how a B-movie actress became the object of such controversial devotion. Trapped and bored with her family in rural Argentina in the late 1930s, Eva Duarte (Madonna) convinces a womanising musician (Jimmy Nail) to take her with him, back to the capital city, Buenos Aires, where she is determined to become a star. After being abandoned by the musician, Eva endures humiliations and poverty before using her feminine wiles to climb the ladder of the city's entertainment scene, eventually becoming a well-paid radio and film actress. At a benefit to aid the victims of an earthquake she meets Colonel Juan Perón (Jonathan Pryce), an ambitious politician with designs on the presidency. They fall in love and Eva encourages his plans to become dictator of the country, even using her star power to get him released from prison when his enemies order his arrest. On February 24 1946, Perón is elected president with a huge majority, but it quickly becomes apparent that its his glamorous wife who's the focus of the people's love. Affectionately nicknamed 'Evita' by her millions of devoted followers, Eva founds a huge charity to alleviate the suffering of the nation's poor. Throughout it all, the beautiful first lady is dressed in the latest high fashion and she is accused of being a distraction for the people, rather than an aid, by the embittered and cynical narrator (Antonio Banderas.) With millions of people still utterly devoted to her, Evita continues to appear in public, dazzling her supporters and enfuriating her enemies, despite being secretly consumed with terminal cancer. At the end of the musical, she dies, aged 33, resulting in hysterical mourning throughout Argentina. The musical is famous for a number of songs, including the satirical "Oh what a circus!" "Buenos Aires," "Rainbow High," "The Money Kept Rolling In" and the show's signature solo, "Don't cry for me, Argentina." For the movie version, a new solo was added for Evita, "You must love me."
tt1175491
Biography,Comedy,Drama
In center field of Rangers Ballpark, we see George W. Bush (Josh Brolin) standing with a glove on his hand. He turns around and listens to the cheers greeting him as an unseen announcer introduces him to invisible crowds as the 43rd president of the United States of America. We then cut to a cabinet meeting in early 2002, where W is in a deep discussion about how soon they should respond to the recent terrorist attacks on their country by attacking the Axis of either evil or terror (they can't decide which it should be), although Colin Powell (Jeffrey Wright) is reluctant to go to war with either Iraq or Iran, given that it was a non-affiliated terrorist named Osama Bin Laden who was behind it, although both VP Dick Cheney (Richard Dreyfuss) and Condi Rice (Thandie Newton) are quick to remind him that both are terrorist holders. George Tenet (Bruce McGill) supports Colin in his way of thinking as Karl Rove (Toby Jones) and Donald Rumsfeld (Scott Glenn) laugh behind their hands at him. Eventually Axis of Terror is decided on and the war gets greenlit. Before the meeting is adjourned, W gets everyone together and has them bow their heads in prayer, although more than a few of them clearly don't have their heart in it. Thirty-six years earlier, in 1966, we see a much younger W at Yale during pledge week. W and the other fraternity pledges are being endured an alcohol-fuelled hazing the basement of their frat house. One of his fellow pledges is challenged to name as many brothers as he is able to, and he manages to get seven. Another brother challenges someone to beat that, and W steps forward and successfully names all of the frat brothers, stopping only when the lead brother tells him to and getting great cheers for being true Delta Kappa Epsilon material. W tells them that he is pledging the fraternity as a legacy to his father whom was also a plege there, but he states that he has no intrest in persuing his family's business legacy. We then cut to a jail several months later where W is calling his father, George H.W. Bush (James Cromwell) at home, explaining that there was a "misunderstanding" after a football game in Baltimore that has led to his arrest with several of his frat brothers during a victory party which turned into a riot. George bails his son out and tells him that this is the last time he helps his son out. A few years later, following graduation from Yale, we see Bush working on one of his family oil rigs back in Texas. He takes a break for water and when the foreman yells at him to get back to work, he quits instead. Later on, we see him in a bar with his girlfriend Susie (Marley Shelton) and he gives her a somewhat long-winded proposal and gets up on the bar to dance with her. A few years later, though, he is once again coming before his father. This time, W. is asking George to bail him out of the marriage-that-never-got-official. George agrees to it, but then expresses his disappointment with W., especially regarding the fact that he only got Cs at Yale and can't seem to hold a job for more than six months. For his part, W. ignores the criticism and just walks out. (It is implied, but never fully revealed, that George W. Bush is dislexic which would explain his poor grades, with that combined with his growing alcoholism brought during his fraternity hazing at Yale). Present Day, 2002. Cheney and W are sitting down to lunch in the oval office. After a little preamble regarding the upcoming war, Cheney takes out a small folder. He explains that inside are some ideas regarding possible interrogation techniques that could be instituted at places such as Guantanamo. W. balks at first, worried that there would be stuff like pulling out toenails, but Cheney assures him that it would be nothing lethal, using examples such as sleep deprivation and water torture to make his point. W is reassured and promises to look at the three-page report. As lunch ends, W then asks Cheney to kindly keep his ego in check, since he's only the vice-president, and an insulted-looking Cheney nods and walks out. A few days later, at the Bush ranch, W. is having a walk and talk with some members of his cabinet (Rummy, Dick, Condi, a couple others) and General Thomas Franks (Michael Gaston) regarding a start date for the war, which Franks suggests as April/May/June of 2003. Some time later, we see W. watching a college football game and eating pretzels with his dog when he suddenly begins choking. He staggers around the office and comes behind a recliner. He starts pounding himself on the chest with it and is eventually successful in dislodging the pretzel from his throat just as he collapses to the floor, unconscious. In 1972, we see W. and his younger brother Jeb (Jason Ritter) driving up to the Bush home in the middle of the night and both of them "drunk as a skunk". They stagger into the house where George and Barbara (Ellen Burstyn) start yelling at W. about coming home so drunk in the middle of the night. W. starts posturing as though he wants to fight George when Jeb intervenes saying that George was out celebrating his acceptance into Harvard Business School. This changes the attitude of Barb and George, but W. then admits he's not going -- he just wanted to see if he could get in. This admission prompts George to admit that he only got in because George had pulled some strings with the admissions board. Five years later. George W. Bush is playing poker with some friends at Harvard and announcing to them that he plans to run for Congress. At a celebratory barbeque cookout, he meets a beautiful young woman named Laura Welch (Elizabeth Banks). Over drinks and cigarettes, Laura reminds him that they went to junior high together and the two slowly warm to each other, with her telling him that she's a teacher and always tries to see all sides of an argument, making W. want to appoint her his education adviser. Some time later, we see him in a debate against Kent Vance (Paul Rae), whose strategy seems to be pointing out that Bush is not a real Texan, having been born in Connecticut (HEY! *seethes*) and gone to college in Connecticut. Despite W.'s assertions to a softly understanding Laura that this is nothing but tarring and feathering, he still manages to lose the election, albeit by a mere 6,000 votes. Back in 2002, we see Bush standing in the field again, listening to the cheers. Back in reality, we see another cabinet meeting where he and his advisors are discussing the need for a regime change in Iraq. In 1986, W. and Laura are at a 40th birthday party for W where the junior Bush is drinking up a storm with bottle after bottle of wine and hard liquor. During the party, he gets a call from his father George, who wants W. to help with his campaigning for president, which causes W. to announce that he and Laura are moving to Washington when he returns to the restaurant table. Not long after, W. is heading out for a morning run. At one point, he stops due to chest pains and collapses on the side of the road with a heart murmur. Three months later, we see him in an alcoholics anonymous meeting being headed by Rev. Earle Hudd (Stacy Keach Jr). After the meeting has been ended, W. hangs around and prays with Hudd, saying that most of the time he feels this great weight on his shoulders. In 1988, at the convention HQ, George is having a meeting with his advisers, which includes Karl Rove, when W. enters. The meeting is ended and W. shows his father a videotape by the Bush camp smearing Dukakis, citing his decision to give weekend visits to convicted criminals (Willie Horton). This is enough to dissuade voters, who make George Bush Sr. the 41st President of the United States. Despite the celebration, though, W. himself isn't pleased. Late that night, he confesses to Laura that he almost wanted his father to lose the election, since he constantly feels as though he's living in George's shadow and has to live up to him. In 2002, Bush and co. are in a war room, and the current topic of discussion is the location of any possible Weapons of Mass Destruction. Rumsfeld makes the argument that they are most likely in either Tikrit or Baghdad. Cheney agrees and points out that if they don't act they will lose the advantage they have now, although, as Powell points out, they have no exit strategy and no real American presence. However, after a video call to General Franks, they get confirmation that they expect to have over three hundred thousand troops in Iraq, and that that should speed things up nicely. In 1990, W. is having a conversation with his father over whether or not having faith in God would be of help to him in winning the war in the Persian Gulf. One year later, we see George in the war room with his cabinet celebrating their imminent victory in the Gulf. When asked by Powell if he feels they should have pushed, George decisively says that they went far enough and now need to concentrate on winning the next election. Unfortunately, winning the war wasn't enough and the presidency is given over to Bill Clinton during the results of the 1992 presidential elections. George is devastated and W. is angry that Clinton was elected despite his past and of his reputation of being a womanizer. Another year or so later, Bush Jr. decides to run for Governor of Texas, despite his parents George Sr. and Barbara begging him to wait, since Jeb is running for Governor of Florida and they can't be in both states at once, but he refuses to listen. Later on, we see W out campaigning for governorship with Rove's advice, which in brief is to get across that he is who he is and no other Bush (at one point in here, we see him asking the famous, "Is our children learning?" question). Regardless, he gets elected governor and as a congratulations prize is given a pair of cufflinks by George and a note saying how proud he is. However, this is not enough for W., who is instead offended that George still can't tell him he's proud face-to-face. Five years later in 1999, we see W. in his office when he gets a visit from Earle Hudd. He tells Hudd that he feels he has gotten the call, and then explains that he is talking about the call to be president. Hudd is ecstatic for him, and W. says that he thinks that there will be a bad time for the country, and that God wants him as president in order to help the American people through it. Hudd nods in complete belief, and the two get down on their knees to pray for W.'s delivery to the office of the president. Four years later, in 2003, we see W. giving the state of the union as those who wrote it congratulate each other at various points. Back in the cabinet, W. is determined not to jeopardize their chances in Iraq, despite the massive amounts of protest the war is getting. In a meeting with the British prime minister Tony Blair (Ioan Gruffudd), W. tries to barter for some help from Britain, although Tony is reluctant to commit his own country's troops. Regardless, W. is determined to win in Iraq, even as his parents grow more and more worried about how things are going for him. A few months later though, things turn dark for Bush and the rest of his cabinet when they find out that Saddam had lied about having Weapons of Mass Destruction, which makes them all look bad. In truth, the caves that were to have the WMDs were lines of cattle showing up on their scans, an error which forces David Kay to resign from his office. Regardless, W. still holds steady, staying committed and visiting wounded soldiers in hospitals. One young Mexican soldier says that he's sorry he can't fight for him, and W. tells him to not worry, that now they're all fighting for him. One night, he and Laura are heading to sleep, and W. reflects on what he has done and realizes that the only thing he can still do is fight to keep his place. Later, we see him enter the oval office when he finds George Sr. there waiting for him. George says that he's really in deep, even after he pulled W's ass out of that jam in Florida, and he starts posturing as though wanting to fight W (note -- in this scene more than any other, Brolin is the spitting image of W.). W. starts yelling at George to go away and leave him alone when he suddenly wakes up screaming, realizing that it was just a nightmare. Some time later, we see W. at a press conference where he is continuing to hold support for the war, but the looks on the reporters faces indicate that they're not buying it anymore. One reporter asks what W. feels his place in history will be, and W. says, "In history? Well, in history we'll all be dead." Another reporter asks W. if he feels he may have made any mistakes in his presidency, and W. stammers that he's been kind of caught off-guard here. Eventually, the press-conference ends and W. storms off into the residential area of the white house, going to his bedroom. When he opens the door, W. is standing in the middle of Ranger's stadium on a cool autumn night. The invisible crowd is cheering, and the ball is hit towards W. He raises his hand to catch it, and.... George W. Bush looks around. The whole stadium is silent. There are no players, no announcers, no crowds, and no baseball. He searches the empty field around him, and he sees that the ball is nowhere nearby. Slightly panicked, W. looks around the field some more, trying to find the ball he lost so he can keep on playing....
tt0074896
Biography,Drama,History
Handsomely-mounted historical epic concerns the birth of the Islamic faith and the story of the prophet Mohammed -- who, in accordance with the tenants of Islam, is never to be depicted (as this is against certain Islamic schools of thought). In Mecca in the 7th century, Mohammed is visited by a vision of the Angel Gabriel, who urges him to lead the people of Mecca to cast aside the 300 idols of Kaaba and instead worship the one true God, speaking out against the corrupt political and military leaders who rule Mecca. With the help of his uncle, a brave warrior named Hamza (Anthony Quinn), Mohammed and his followers return to Mecca to liberate the city in the name of God. The Message (originally screened in the U.S. as Mohammed, Messenger of God) proved to be highly controversial during its production and initial release. Unfounded rumors had it that Mohammed would not only be depicted in the film, but that he was to be played by Charlton Heston or Peter O'Toole. This resulted in protests by some Muslim, until director Moustapha Akkad hired a staff of respected Islamic clerics as technical advisors. The Message was shot in two versions, one in English and one in Arabic (entitled Al-Ris-Alah), with different actors taking over some of the roles due to language requirements.
tt0346491
Action,Biography,Drama
The film is based on the life of Alexander the Great, King of Macedon, who conquered Asia Minor, Egypt, Persia and part of Ancient India. Shown are some of the key moments of Alexander's youth, his invasion of the mighty Persian Empire and his death. It also outlines his early life, including his difficult relationship with his father Philip II of Macedon, his strained feeling towards his mother Olympias and the conquest of the Persian Empire in 331 BC. It also details his plans to reform his empire and the attempts he made to reach the end of the then known world. The story begins 40 years after 323 BC, around 283 BC, with Ptolemy I Soter, who narrates throughout the film. We see Alexander's daily life and the strained relationship between his parents. Alexander grows up with his mother Olympias and his tutor Aristotle, where he finds interest in love, honor, music, exploration, poetry and military combat. His relationship with his father is destroyed when Philip marries Attalus's niece, Eurydice. After Philip is assassinated, Alexander becomes king of Macedonia. Having briefly mentioned his punitive razing of Thebes and burning of Persepolis, Ptolemy gives an overview of Alexander's west-Persian campaign, including his being declared as the son of Zeus by the Oracle of Amun at Siwa Oasis, his great battle against the Persian Emperor Darius III in the Battle of Gaugamela and his eight-year campaign across Asia. Also shown are Alexander's private relationships with his childhood friend Hephaestion and later his wife Roxana. Hephaestion compares Alexander to Achilles, to which Alexander replies that, if he is Achilles, Hephaestion must be his Patroclus (Achilles' best friend and possibly lover). When Hephaestion mentions that Patroclus died first, Alexander pledges that, if Hephaestion should die first, he will follow him into the afterlife. Hephaestion shows extensive jealousy when he sees Alexander with Roxana and deep sadness when he marries her, going so far as to attempt to keep her away from him after Alexander murders Cleitus the Black in India. After Hephaestion succumbs to an unknown illness either by chance or perhaps poison, speculated in the movie to be Typhus carried with him from India. Alexander distances himself from his wife, despite her pregnancy, believing that she has killed Hephaestion. He dies less than three months after Hephaestion, at the young age of 32, keeping his promise that he would follow him.
tt0829459
Biography,Drama,History
Daniel Pearl(Dan Futterman) and Marianne Pearl(Angelina Jolie) are married to each other and both reporters. They are friends of Asra Q. Nomani (Archie Panjabi) in Karachi (Pakistan). Daniel contacts Sheikh Gilani (a jehadi) to conduct an interview, and is abducted. Now the search for him begins, and it is dramatized in detail in the film. Eventually, it is discovered that the interview that Daniel was going to was a mere setup. Not only has he been killed, but decapitated. Months after learning of his death, Marianne gives birth to their only child.
tt0864761
Biography,Drama,History
The movie explores the marriage, relationships, and passions of 18th century aristocrat Georgiana, Duchess of Devonshire. 17-year-old Georgiana (Kierra Knightly) is delighted to have excited the notice of the much older Duke of Devonshire (Ralph Fiennes), and marries him amid high personal and family expectations. Unfortunately for Georgiana, the Duke is an undemonstrative and tight-lipped man who is far more interested in his dogs than in getting to know his new wife. He does nothing to alleviate her wedding night fears, and does his husbandly duty with few words and a noticable lack of tenderness. He makes it clear at the outset to both Georgiana and her mother, Lady Spencer (Charlotte Rampling), that it is Georgiana's duty to bear him a male heir in short order. Georgiana becomes the center of a glittering social circle, attended not only by the British noble elite but also by the political figures of the time. She uses her beauty, wit, charm, and social connections to advance the Whig party -- especially the policies and ambitions of a young nobleman, Charles Grey (Dominic Cooper), with whom she socialized, and to whom she was attracted, before her marriage. She indulges her love of parties and gambling, to the apparent delight of her peers, who joke that Georgiana is adored by all of England, except her husband. Shortly after Georgiana marries the Duke, he has a young girl brought to live with him and Georgiana. Initially shocked by his admission that the child is his illegitimate daughter, Georgiana soon takes on the role of the child's mother. In the meantime, Georgiana gives birth to two daughters, but fails to provide the Duke with the expected male heir. The Duke continues to have affairs with other women. While "taking the cure" at Bath in the hopes of being able to conceive a boy, Georgiana befriends Bess Foster (Hayley Atwell), whose husband, Georgiana is appalled to learn, beats and even tortures Bess. Because Bess has left the marital home, the husband refuses to allow her to see their three young boys. At Georgiana's suggestion, the Duke invites Bess to live with the Duke and Duchess in Devonshire. Some time later, Georgiana discovers that the Duke and Bess have begun sleeping together. When Georgiana confronts Bess, Bess begs Georgiana to understand that she is in the affair only in order to have the Duke pressure her husband to release her sons to her. When Georgiana demands that the Duke remove Bess from the house, he refuses. Bess remains in the house, and her sons come to live with them. While Georgiana adores her children and is obviously a devoted and loving mother, she chaffs at the presence of the Duke's lover and her sons. She explores her attraction to Charles Grey, and finds that the attraction is mutual. She brings the situation to a head by proposing a "deal" to the Duke: she will not object to his continuing to have Bess live with them, if he will not object to her engaging in an affair with Grey. The Duke, not surprisingly, rejects the proposal, pointing out that he does not make "deals," and that all of the power in the situation belongs to him. He upbraids Georgiana for failing in the two things that he demands of her: bearing him a male heir, and remaining loyal to him. She is outraged by his attitude and refusal to break off his affair, and flees from him. He chases her down and rapes her. After the rape, Georgiana appears at her social gatherings in a fog -- alcohol induced? -- until it is learned that she is pregnant. She delivers a boy. Having done her "duty," Georgiana goes to Bath, where she finally consummates her passion for Grey. They live blissfully in Bath until the Duke arrives unexpectedly. He accuses of her of being indiscreet and demands that she drop Grey and return with him to Devonshire. He warns her that, if she does not, both she and Grey will be cut off entirely from their wealth and positions in society, Grey will lose his political position, and she will never see her children again. After the Duke leaves, Georgiana races back to Devonshire, realizing that she cannot live without her children. Bess and her children are still at Devonshire. Georgiana informs Bess and the Duke that she is pregnant with Grey's child. At the Duke's command, she moves to the countryside to await the birth. She delivers another girl, Eliza, and immediately is forced to give the baby up to Grey's family. Heartbroken, she returns to Devonshire, where she continues her social circle, but with none of the vivacity and verve for which she was known before. She remains at Devonshire with the Duke and Bess and their children, until her death. After her death, the viewer is told, the Duke marries Bess.
tt0112573
Biography,Drama,History
In 1280, King Edward "Longshanks" invades and conquers Scotland following the death of Alexander III of Scotland, who left no heir to the throne. Young William Wallace witnesses Longshanks' treachery, survives the deaths of his father and brother, and is taken abroad on a pilgrimage throughout Europe by his paternal Uncle Argyle, where he is educated. Years later, Longshanks grants his noblemen land and privileges in Scotland, including Prima Nocte. Meanwhile, a grown Wallace returns to Scotland and falls in love with his childhood friend Murron MacClannough, and the two marry in secret. Wallace rescues Murron from being raped by English soldiers, but as she fights off their second attempt, Murron is captured and publicly executed. In retribution, Wallace leads his clan to slaughter the English garrison in his hometown and send the occupying garrison at Lanark back to England. Longshanks orders his son Prince Edward to stop Wallace by any means necessary. Wallace rebels against the English, and as his legend spreads, hundreds of Scots from the surrounding clans join him. Wallace leads his army to victory at the Battle of Stirling Bridge and then destroys the city of York, killing Longshanks' nephew and sending his severed head to the king. Wallace seeks the assistance of Robert the Bruce, the son of nobleman Robert the Elder and a contender for the Scottish crown. Robert is dominated by his father, who wishes to secure the throne for his son by submitting to the English. Worried by the threat of the rebellion, Longshanks sends his son's wife Isabella of France to try to negotiate with Wallace as a distraction for the landing of another invasion force in Scotland. After meeting him in person, Isabella becomes enamored of Wallace. Warned of the coming invasion by Isabella, Wallace implores the Scottish nobility to take immediate action to counter the threat and take back the country. Leading the English army himself, Longshanks confronts the Scots at Falkirk where noblemen Lochlan and Mornay, having been bribed by Longshanks, betray Wallace, causing the Scots to lose the battle. As Wallace charges toward the departing Longshanks on horseback, he is intercepted by one of the king's lancers, who turns out to be Robert the Bruce, but filled with remorse, Bruce gets Wallace to safety before the English can capture him. Wallace kills Lochlan and Mornay for their betrayal, and wages a guerrilla war against the English for the next seven years, assisted by Isabella, with whom he eventually has an affair. Robert sets up a meeting with Wallace in Edinburgh, but Robert's father has conspired with other nobles to capture and hand over Wallace to the English. Learning of his treachery, Robert disowns his father. Isabella exacts revenge on the now terminally ill Longshanks by telling him that his bloodline will be destroyed upon his death as she is now pregnant with Wallace's child. In London, Wallace is brought before an English magistrate, tried for high treason, and condemned to public torture and beheading. Even whilst being hanged, drawn and quartered, Wallace refuses to submit to the king. As cries for mercy come from the watching crowd deeply moved by the Scotsman's valor, the magistrate offers him one final chance, asking him only to utter the word, "Mercy", and be granted a quick death. Wallace instead shouts, "Freedom!", and the judge orders his death. Moments before being decapitated, Wallace sees a vision of Murron in the crowd, smiling at him. In 1314, Robert, now Scotland's king, leads a Scottish army before a ceremonial line of English troops on the fields of Bannockburn, where he is to formally accept English rule. As he begins to ride toward the English, he stops and invokes Wallace's memory, imploring his men to fight with him as they did with Wallace. Robert then leads his army into battle against the stunned English, winning the Scots their freedom.
tt0083987
Biography,Drama,History
The story begins with the assassination of Mohandas K. "Mahatma" Gandhi in India in 1948. The following funeral procession is a long one and his body is conveyed on a jeep covered in flowers. The story flashes back to Gandhi's early days as an attorney in the late 1800s in South Africa. He is thrown off a train for sitting in the first-class compartment despite possessing a ticket to be there. He later stages a non-violent protest in the center of town where, with several police officers and officials present, he burns work permits that all non-Afrikaners are required to carry and present to police when demanded. Gandhi's reasoning is that the permits are an unfair and oppressive symbol of Afrikaner rule over minorities. As he burns them, he is struck by a police officer on the hand. Though quite plainly in pain, Gandhi continues to burn the permits, his will overcoming the blows from the officer. He is finally knocked down, unable to continue his protest and is arrested. When he's freed from jail, he meets a young American reporter, Walker, with whom he converses about the oppression of the masses by a handful of bureaucrats. While they walk, Gandhi is confronted by an angry youth (Daniel Day-Lewis in a bit part) and his friends. They demand that he pay them to walk down their street. Gandhi refuses in the face of obvious bigotry. When the young man's mother calls him inside, Gandhi and Walker continue down the street. Gandhi travels to his home country of India. When he arrives there he is met by members of the press who know of his exploits in South Africa. They ask if he'll take up any political causes, especially those in opposition to the British rule of India. Gandhi politely refuses the requests, saying he's only going to his home city of Porbandar. His wife accompanies him. Gandhi's real plan is to organize a non-violent protest against Britain, knowing that millions of Indians will follow him. Very soon Gandhi realizes that the British rule of India is harsh and oppressive, having grown more so since he left to pursue his law degree and is growing worse each day. One of Gandhi's first public protests is against the British textile industry. He urges his followers to weave their own cloth for clothing and other needs and burn the British cloth they've been forced to buy and wear for decades. However, many Indians, both Muslim and Hindu, stage more aggressive protests. The crowds become angry mobs when they are attacked by the police. Gandhi appears inwardly angry that his message has been misunderstood. He is later arrested by the British on charges of inciting the violence of his people. When he stands before the judge -- who himself stands in respect when Gandhi enters the court chamber -- he refuses to comply with the judge's decree to merely impose a fine on the defendant. The judge, though showing great respect for the defendant, sentences Gandhi to serve time in prison for several years. In Amritsar, a city in Northern India, a group of Indian citizens gather in the Jallianwala Bagh garden to protest an unfair town curfew. Though the protest was peaceful, a British general, Reginald Dyer, orders his troops into the garden. They take up firing positions in the courtyard. When one of his lieutenants suggests that the protest is peaceful, Dyer says that the people have "had their warning" and commands his troops to open fire. Thousands, including women and children, are killed. A trial is held by the Hunter Commission, comprised of British and Indian officials. Dyer himself testifies and is at first quite proud and defiant, claiming he wished to "inflict a lesson that would be felt through all of the India". When asked if he'd ordered his troops to fire at the thickest part of the crowd, he says yes. He also states he would have used the machine gun on the tank that accompanied his troops (it was unable to fit through the narrow passage to the garden). When an Indian attorney asks Dyer if he attempted to help the wounded in any way, he becomes agitated and says he would have. A British official asks him how a wounded child that had been shot would be able to approach him for help. Dyer is silent. Nevertheless, the campaign generates great attention, and Britain faces intense public pressure. Gandhi, Jawarlalhal Nehru & several other officials representative of the Indian state and it's people, Hindu, Muslim and other cultures alike, meet with British nationals. Gandhi tells them that they are "masters in someone else's home" and they should leave India forever. The Brits argue that without their rule, India will likely tear itself apart. Gandhi retorts that there will be problems but they will be India's problems, not the British. Though Gandhi continues his wish for civil disobedience, riots continue to break out. Gandhi stages a personal fast as a means of protest. Though his action is successful, violence continues. Gandhi later stages his most famous protest: he marches 240 miles from his home to the ocean to make salt in defiance of British regulations. The march is a great success and further disrupts British rule. Gandhi continues his diplomacy with the other heads of the Indian state to insure that when India gains it's sovereignty that all the faiths of the country, chiefly Hindu and Muslim, will live together peacefully. After World War II, Britain finally grants Indian independence. Indians celebrate this victory, but their troubles are far from over. The country is subsequently divided by religion. It is decided that the northwest region and the eastern part of India (current-day Bangladesh) around Calcutta, both places where Muslims are in the majority, will become a new country called Pakistan. It is hoped that by encouraging the Muslims to live in a separate country, violence will abate. Gandhi is opposed to the idea, and is even willing to allow Muhammad Ali Jinnah to become the first prime minister of India, but the Partition of India is carried out nevertheless. Religious tensions between Hindus and Muslims erupt into nationwide violence. Horrified, Gandhi declares another hunger strike in the city of Calcutta, saying he will not eat until the fighting stops.The fighting does stop eventually. While weak and barely able to speak, he is confronted by a Hindu man who confesses that while enraged over the death of his young son at the hands of Muslims, he killed a young Muslim boy himself. Gandhi tells the man how to achieve forgiveness: he must find a young boy whose own parents have been killed and raise the boy as his own -- but the boy must be a Muslim and the man must raise him as one. Gandhi spends his last days trying to bring about peace between both nations. He thereby angers many protesters on both sides, one of whom (Godse) is involved in a conspiracy to assassinate him. As Godse shoots Gandhi in a scene recalling the opening, the film cuts to black and Gandhi is heard in a voiceover, saying "Oh, God!" The audience then sees Gandhi's cremation; the film ending with a scene of Gandhi's ashes being scattered on the holy Ganga. As this happens, viewers hear Gandhi in another voiceover from earlier in the film: "When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love has always won. There have been tyrants, and murderers, and for a time they can seem invincible, but, in the end, they always fall. Think of it. Always."
tt1029235
Action,Biography,Drama
After fighting the communists in Finland, Max Manus returns to Norway, currently occupied by the Nazis. He joins with the Norwegian resistance movement in their fight against the Germans but is arrested. He manages to escape to Scotland where he receives training before being sent back to Norway to carry out various sabotage missions against the occupational force. Returning to Norway with his friend Gregers Gram, his first mission is an attack on German supply ships. He is spectacularly successful, and soon he becomes a special target for the Gestapo commander Siegfried Wolfgang Fehmer. Manus, however, avoids capture, and with Gram and Gunnar Sønsteby he forms the so-called "Oslo-group". Stockholm becomes a meeting point for Norwegians in allied military service. Here Gram introduces Manus to Tikken, who works as a Norwegian contact for the British consulate. The two soon develop a special relationship. As the war becomes more and more brutal, many of Manus' friends lose their lives in the struggle against the Germans, and he starts to blame himself for being the one who survives. In a meeting with Fehmer he realises that everybody is a victim of the meaninglessness of war.
tt0120102
Adventure,Biography,Drama
The introduction shows the young Dalai Lama receiving gifts from Tibetan monks. One gift he receives, an ornate music box, has special meaning to him, as he is still a young child. The progress of Heinrich Harrer through India and Tibet on his trek across the high plateau to Lhasa is interwoven with the story of the young Dalai Lama growing into an 8 year old boy who becomes the spiritual leader of Tibet, with a thirst for western knowledge and later into an adolescent. The Dalai Lama is portrayed by three different actors as he grows up. Harrer (Pitt) and his pregnant wife Ingrid (Ingeborga Dapkunaite) are briefly shown being driven to the train station in Graz, for Harrer's departure on an expedition to Nanga Parbat. It becomes evident that Ingrid resents his departure. At the station Harrer barges through the crowds, dragging his wife by the hand, and shows his resentment of Peter Aufschnaiter's selection as leader of the expedition. Harrer at the train station in 1939 appears hostile to the Nazi Party, taking their flag with reluctance. The real-life Heinrich Harrer admitted he had Nazi sympathies at the time which he later regretted. Harrer's arrogance and self-sufficiency become apparent as he sits by himself on the train journey to India. The expedition begins climbing the mountain Harrer, Aufschnaiter, and the expedition group begin climbing Nanga Parbat. Harrer falls, injuring his leg, but hides his injuries from the group. Harrer places Aufschnaiter's life in danger by his inability to pull him safely up a cliff due to the pain of his injury; this worsens their relationship. After an avalanche, Aufschnaiter orders the group to retreat back to the base, despite Harrer's determination to reach the summit. While descending from the mountain, Harrer encounters a Tibetan traveller who gives him a photograph of the Dalai Lama for his protection. On reaching the base, they learn that Germany has invaded Poland, and they are arrested by the British and taken by truck to Dehra Dun prison camp. Harrer writes to Ingrid in Austria, telling of his capture; she responds with divorce papers and tells him she wishes to re-marry. Harrer's son Rolf is now two. Harrer makes several unsuccessful escape attempts. Eventually Aufschnaiter manages to steal a British uniform and several of the prisoners escape. The members of the group go separate ways, with Harrer heading for northern India. On reaching northern India in 1943, Harrer steals food from a religious offering, but is later violently sick from food poisoning. The rest of the group, apart from Aufschnaiter, have been recaptured. Aufschnaiter plans to travel to China to find work. They cross the border into Tibet and set out east, but are met by two men on horseback who tell them they must turn back. Aufschnaiter attempts to speak to them in Tibetan, which he learned while in prison, but is told that foreigners are strictly forbidden in Tibet. On reaching the next town and requesting food, they are confronted by the same two men. They learn that one of them is the garpon, leader of the province, and that the reason that foreigners are forbidden from Tibet is that there is a threat of attack from outside forces. Harrer attempts to appease the garpon by offering him the photo of the Dalai Lama, but they are forced to return towards India, escorted by two guards who are told to shoot them if they try to escape. Harrer and Aufschnaiter are escorted to a small town near the border with India where they trade what little they have in return for food. Harrer persuades Aufschnaiter to trade a watch that he received from his father for climbing Mont Blanc. Seeing one of the guards trying on a Chinese army uniform, he offers him his "German army boots" while actually giving him crampons. The guard takes a liking to the "boots" and puts them on. Harrer and Aufschnaiter escape to the mountainside where the guards, clad in the heavy crampons and uniforms, are unable to follow. While recovering from the escape, Aufschnaiter discovers that Harrer has deceived him about not having a watch to trade, and is furious at Harrer's selfishness. Harrer, first indifferent, after a while begs forgiveness, offering Aufschnaiter all three of his watches and his wedding ring. Aufschnaiter declines the ring, but Harrer insists, stating "I didn't deserve it either." The two then start on their way over the high Tibetan plateau to Lhasa. The arduous journey to Lhasa (including footage secretly captured by director Jean Jacques Annaud in Tibet) causes Harrer to reflect on his son Rolf and the Tibetan custom that the longer and more difficult the journey in a pilgrimage, the greater the repentance of past sins. High in the Himalayas, Harrer and Aufschnaiter are abducted by bandits, but they escape on horseback. Harrer and Aufschnaiter are forced to kill their horses and eat the meat raw. In Lhasa, the pair encounter pilgrims travelling to Lhasa. They are only allowed to join the group after saying they have "special permission" and showing one of the pilgrims the instruction sheet from their first aid kit. As the Tibetan they show it to cannot read English, he allows the two men to join the pilgrims. In Lhasa, Harrer and Aufschnaiter cover their faces to avoid recognition as foreigners. When they try to steal food, Kungo Tsarong, played by Mako, seeing the condition of the travellers, invites them to stay at his home. Tsarong asks for permission for the explorers to remain in Lhasa. The conversation is overheard by the secretary to the regent, Ngawang Jigme (B. D. Wong). Jigme offers Harrer and Aufschnaiter a gift of new clothes, and at the guest quarters of Tsarong's home a Tibetan tailor named Pema Lhaki arrives to measure the two men. Not having seen a woman for several years, they immediately attempt to win her affections. Settled in Lhasa, Harrer continues his attempts to impress Pema Lhaki by demonstrating his climbing techniques and showing a scrapbook containing his achievements back in Austria in skiing and his gold medal at the 1936 Winter Olympics. Lhaki is seemingly unimpressed, stating that climbing is a foolish pleasure and informing Harrer that Western civilization is very different from Tibet, where a man is more respected for abandoning his ego. Harrer, still interested in the Tibetan tailor, rips out a jacket pocket as an excuse to visit her and have it repaired. Harrer enters the store to find Aufschnaiter already there. The three go ice skating together, and Harrer realises that Aufschnaiter has succeeded in winning the Tibetan woman's love. The foreigners have been observed through a telescope by the young Dalai Lama from the nearby Potala Palace. Ngawang Jigme visits the Chinese embassy in Tibet and becomes acquainted with the Chinese ambassador. He has been sent by the Tibetan government to persuade Chinese officials to stop sending financial gifts to Tibetan monasteries as they are becoming suspicious of Chinese intentions. The Chinese official hints that Jigme could gain advancement by offering his services to the Chinese. By May 1945, Harrer visits Aufschnaiter and Pema Lhaki to congratulate them on their marriage. They discuss the activities of the Chinese Communist Party. Lhaki asks Harrer about his life in Lhasa, and he reveals he is very busy and moved out of Tsarong's house five months ago into his own settlement. But he has not found love, and shows his resentment over Aufschnaiter's marriage. Returning to Lhasa, where he has been hired to survey the city, he is told by Ngawang Jigme that World War II is now over. Heinrich immediately begins packing for home when Kungo's elderly wife arrives with a letter for him from Austria. The letter is from his son Rolf, telling him to stop writing. A depressed Harrer receives another letter, this time from the `Great Mother` of the Dalai Lama. In a beautiful Deyangsar courtyard, Harrer greets the Great Mother (played by Jetsun Pema, the sister of the living 14th Dalai Lama). She gives him instructions on how to behave when in the presence of the Lama, who has learned of Harrer's presence in Lhasa and would like to meet him personally. Harrer enters the interior halls of the Potala Palace. Turning into a dark chamber, he sees the mysterious Dalai Lama seated on a throne at the end. Entering behind the Great Mother, he bows repeatedly, much to the amusement of the young Lama. Harrer walks up to the throne, and the Dalai Lama plays with Harrer's mop of blond hair, calling him a yellow head. Shortly afterwards, the Dalai Lama asks the surprised Harrer if he can build him a movie cinema at the palace. He also wants Harrer to teach him about western civilization and become his private tutor during the building process. Harrer immediately begins building the theatre, but encounters a problem, as the workers refuse to harm the worms in the earth while digging, believing that each could have been their mother or a loved one in a past life. Harrer again visits the Dalai Lama, who emphasizes that religious concerns are paramount, and that he must honor them and find a solution. As the movie house is built, Harrer begins tutoring the boy in world geography and the ways of the west. Harrer and Aufschnaiter with a number of important monks and ministers attend a festival near a river, where they meet Ngawang Jigme to celebrate his promotion to the position of minister. At a Christmas party, Harrer returns Aufschnaiter's old watch. Harrer had come across it by chance at a shop and retrieved it as a gift to Aufschnaiter, along with a note thanking him for his friendship. Soon afterwards, a Tibetan turns on the radio and a Chinese announcer proclaims that they plan to invade Tibet. The party breaks up, and an evil omen at night casts a shadow on what is to come. At a meeting with the cabinet, the regent states that Tibet recognizes no foreign sovereign and banishes all Chinese officials from Tibet, including those at the Chinese embassy. As the crisis grows, the Dalai Lama has a terrible nightmare of Chinese atrocities near the Tibetan border in Taktser, his birthplace, with monasteries being burnt down and monks being forced to kill each other. He seeks comfort with Heinrich Harrer, who tells him it was a dream, only to find soon after that the Chinese have indeed crossed the Tibetan frontier, burnt Taktser, and are advancing. Three Chinese generals fly to Lhasa to speak with the Dalai Lama, and against Harrer's request Ngawang Jigme raises the Chinese flag, saying that Tibet should embrace the enemy if it cannot defend itself. Monks have spent many days creating a sand mandala to welcome the generals, who show their disrespect by wiping their feet on it. Despite the Dalai Lama's speech to them that Tibet is a peace-loving nation, the head of the Chinese delegation dismisses religion as "poison", and war soon breaks out on the Tibetan frontier at Chamdo. Ngawang Jigme is sent to Chamdo with a small Tibetan army to defend against the Chinese attack, but many Tibetans are killed. Jigme makes the decision to surrender after just 11 days and then blows up the Tibetan ammunitions dump, destroying any hope of a counter-attack. During a treaty signing in Lhasa, Kungo Tsarong tells Harrer that if Jigme had not destroyed the weapons supply, Tibetan guerillas could have held the mountain passes, buying time to appeal to other nations for help. As the Chinese take control of Tibet and the Chinese flag flies at Lhasa, Harrer visits Ngawang Jigme to condemn him for his surrender, and insults him by returning the jacket he received as a gift. Despite the Chinese invasion, the Dalai Lama, now fifteen years old, is formally enthroned as the spiritual and temporal leader of Tibet. Harrer pays a final visit to the Lama on top of the Potala and prays with him. As he leaves the palace, he is given a gift of the music box which was shown to be so dear to the Dalai Lama at the beginning of the film. Harrer bids farewell to Aufschnaiter and Pema and returns to Austria in 1951 to visit his son Rolf, now a young boy. Although his son initially refuses to see him, Harrer leaves the musical box as a gift for him and watches him lovingly from the crack in the door. In the film finale, Harrer gradually comes to know the son he has thought about all the years while he was in Tibet and trains him like himself in the art of climbing mountains. Having reached the top of a mountain, Harrer is shown with a Tibetan flag planted beside him at the peak.
tt0097499
Action,Biography,Drama
The following story takes place during the 100 years' war between France and England. Henry V is debating whether he has the right to claim french territories under a property contract, presumably advocated by the clergy, between France and England at some prior date (citation needed). Prologue: Bear with us as we attempt to retell the story of Henry V at Agincourt, though our stage is an unworthy scaffold (a shallow representation) of the events which transpired before, during, and after. As the play unfolds, we see the clergy in a meeting about the king's seeming indifference of its claim --on technicality--to the french kingdom. There is a gathering of the king's subjects to hear details from the clergy as to why England has the right to claim the lands of the French. According to the clergy, by contract from previous encounters, the french must have a male heir, but at present have a female one, which effectually nullifies French royalty's claim to the french kingdom. The king warns the clergy to state the facts -- any other entreaty would lead to "much fall of blood," which is expected due to the two contending kingdom's property. To be certain he is within his rights to claim french territories, he orders the clergyman to be blunt...does England have the right to make a claim of France? The clergyman says yes, and that if it is a sin, let it be on his head. Furthermore, the clergyman states that the winning back of such land would bring vast sums of money to the clergy. and King of England. This information is what makes Henry finally decide to go to war, if the French renege on the contract. The king has already made a claim to France upon this advisement, and the herald of France is brought before the king with France's answer to this claim. The dauphin of France says the king "savors too much of his youth," and offers in return a gift of tennis balls. Henry at first calmly thanks the herald for his time and message, but then proceeds to admonish the sender for his childish joke, and states they will "play a set" of tennis which will strike the dauphin's father's "crown in to the hazard." Throughout, Henry's subjects are present and are surprised to see the king take up his mantle with a gusto not seen previously. The king apparently was not very studious as a youth, and pursued "courses vain", such as sport and partying. Thus they see an apparent change in their king which is suitable to his station. After meeting with the herald and dismissing him back to France with his message, Henry says he will be no king of England unless he is king of France, and France being his will be bent to his "oar, or broken all to pieces." "Then it begins."
tt0401997
Biography,Crime,Drama
Eric O'Neill is a young FBI employee assigned to work undercover as a clerk to Robert Hanssen, a senior agent he is told is suspected of being a sexual deviant. Hanssen has been recalled to FBI headquarters ostensibly to head up a new division specializing in Information Assurance. Initially, Hanssen insists on a strict formality between the two men. He frequently rails against the bureaucracy of the FBI and complains that only those who regularly "shoot guns" are considered for senior positions instead of those, like himself, who are involved in vital national security matters. He calls the bureau's information technology systems antiquated and laments the lack of coordination and information exchange with other intelligence agencies. Eventually, Hanssen becomes a friend and mentor to O'Neill and takes a personal interest in him and his wife Juliana, who is suspicious of Hanssen and resents his intrusions. A devout Catholic who is also a member of Opus Dei, Hanssen urges O'Neill, a lapsed Catholic, and his secular East German-born wife to become active churchgoers. O'Neill finds no evidence of Hanssen leading a secret double life and develops a growing respect for his boss, so he confronts his handler in the undercover assignment, Kate Burroughs, and she admits that the sexual deviance allegations are only a secondary consideration. Hanssen is suspected of spying for the Soviet Union and Russia for years and being responsible for the deaths of agents working for the United States. He learns that FBI Director Louis Freeh is personally leading the investigation. While the FBI could arrest Hanssen under lesser charges, they want to catch him in an act of espionage, so they can threaten him with the death penalty for treason and possibly induce him to divulge the information he has compromised. O'Neill is ordered to obtain data from Hanssen's Palm Pilot and keep him occupied while FBI agents search his car and plant covert listening devices in it. The tracking devices in Hanssen's car cause interference with the radio, which makes Hanssen suspicious. He also wonders why he was placed in an isolated position in the FBI only a few months before he's scheduled to retire. He tells O'Neill he believes he is being surveilled by Russian agents. The FBI intercepts a message he sends to his Russian handlers saying he will not provide any more information. O'Neill persuades Hanssen that he is not being trailed by the Russians or by him on behalf of the FBI. With his confidence restored, Hanssen makes one last dead drop of stolen information, and the FBI catches him in the act. Although he is assured promotion, O'Neill is discouraged with the toll the case has taken on his marriage and opts to leave the agency to work in the private sector. After he tells Burroughs of his intentions, she wishes him well, then O'Neill leaves his office with his belongings. He manages to catch an elevator before it descends, but is taken aback to see Hanssen inside, in handcuffs flanked by Plesac and an officer. Their eyes meet, and Hanssen tells O'Neill "Pray for me." The doors close and the scene fades to black.
tt1371155
Biography,Comedy,Drama
The film opens with some facts and figures about the Ford Dagenham factory and the number of people employed, a fraction of whom were women. Against a background of Desmond Dekkar's "The Israelites" the opening shot shows the sewing room where the seat covers and door panels are hand-sewn by women on individual sewing machines. Many of the women are stripped down to their underwear, presumably because of the hot working conditions. The union shop steward, Albert, played by Bob Hoskins, walks into the room, he has to shield his eyes in embarrassment from the half-undressed women. He tells them that the only way for the women to progress their claim against being regarded as unskilled workers is to take industrial action. They all agree to an overtime ban and a one-day strike. The women are then seen at a party celebrating a birthday, one of the girls slips out and is seen having sex in the back of a car (a Ford Corsair). She returns and they get rapidly drunk before staggering home. Rita is then shown having breakfast with her family. Husband Eddie has to be roused out of bed by Rita with a splash of cold water on his back! Rita's son complains that the teacher has hit him, Rita resolves to sort it out. She goes to the school to see the teacher, Mr. Clark, who is dressed in academic robe. He explains that he forgot his protractor on numerous occasions and was caned, he explains in a patronising way that children from the council estate sometimes couldn't cope and needed reminding on how to behave and not forget things. Rita is furious, leaves the classroom and bumps into another parent (later identified as Lisa) who, when she asks if she is OK, she tells to F.... off. Back at the factory we see all the women working, there's a leak in the roof, Connie points out that Sandra should be reminded about her workmanship. Albert comes and announces that there's to be a meeting at Ford HQ in Warley, and that 2 of the women should go, they nominate Connie, who is the shop steward, and Rita. At home Rita's family are watching Black & White TV, there's a news bulletin about a demo in London (Red Lion Square demo against Vietnam war) and then Sooty with Harry H. Corbett. We learn that Eddie also works at Fords. They're going to the meeting, on the way they stop at a Berni Inn for a steak dinner, apparently this is normal practice, we are introduced to Monty Taylor, the works convener, a stereotypical union representative. He tells them not to say anything and nod at everything he says. At the meeting the women, and Albert, quickly cotton on the fact that the union is selling them out. Rita intervenes and explains to the management the skills involved in their work. She lays down the womens terms to avoid industrial action semi-skilled status for the women. The management are taken aback. Back at the factory Rita explains how the women are being fobbed off. "Everybody out!" is the cry. In parliament we are introduced to Barbara Castle, Employment Secretary in the Labour Government. She is speaking to her young male officials complaining how they've done nothing to improve industrial relations. Strikes were up, productivity was down. Back at the factory we see the women on their picket line with placards. In the factory they are running low on seats. Ford HQ in Michigan USA are involved, they are told it's the women. Out on the picket line it starts to rain, the women are soaked, they are all smartly dressed in skirts no jeans! Afterwards Rita meets Albert in a cafe, he tells them it's not about skills, it's because they're women. What they need is equal pay with the men. Albert explains his own family background, brought up by his mum who struggled earning half what the men got in wages. Someone must stop this exploitation. He proposes that Rita should take over from shop steward from Connie, whose husband is ill. Outside, Rita, dripping wet, is invited in to a car, where she meets the woman she met in the school, who explains that Mr. Clark is a bully and she has also complained about his use of the cane. The woman is clearly more educated and better off than Rita. Rita admires her dress. It's from Biba she said. Ah well, it's still gorgeous Rita says. Back in the factory, Sandra arrives in skimpy hot pants. Inside a man arrives to dish out threatening letters from the management. Rita makes an inspiring speech, they need a level playing field! The strike was no longer about skill levels, now they wanted equal pay or nothing! Albert is with Monty and the other union leaders, who quote Marx, he quotes Marx back, but it's more relevant. Against a background of the Small Faces, Rita leads a demonstration, back at home Eddie isn't coping very well. Rita goes to Liverpool to meet the workers at Fords Halewood factory, she gets home late and finds Eddie washing up. Next day Eddie has to take the kids to school, tension is rising between Eddie and Rita. Eddie is down to his last clean shirt! The women go on a trip to London to demonstrate outside parliament, they unfurl their banner which says We want Sex. Barbara Castle looks out I know the feeling... she says, they then unfurl it to read We want sex equality. Eddie is in the pub watching the news bulletins with George, Connie's husband. George says that they need to settle it. In the factory they run out of seats. The production lines stop and all the workers are laid off. Back at home Eddie complains that Rita's action is causing hardship all round. Ford of US are telling the Dagenham management that they need to sort it. Barbara Castle talks to Harold Wilson. He patronises her, calling her the best man in his cabinet. He says that she should get Jack Scamp in to get everyone round the table with beer and pork pies, that would sort it. Ford bosses fly in from America, he goes to the Ford manager, Peter Hopkins house, where we now realise that Lisa, the woman who spoke to Rita about the school teacher, is also the wife of Peter Hopkins. He asks her what she thinks, it turns out that she is a highly educated woman, and she tells him how GM don't have industrial relations problems because they have a more collaborative approach. Peter is embarrassed and tells her to fetch more cheese! Rita is giving out strike pay - £3 each. She goes to see Connie. Connie says that she cannot come to any meetings because George is ill he's touched she says. We see George and Connie in bed, George is having a nightmare and wets the bed. The union leaders are threatening Monty, saying they cannot give women equal pay. Tension is rising at home where Rita's fridge is repossessed because they haven't paid the HP. Sandra gets a phone call, and goes into the factory to appear in a photo shoot for the new car. Rita finds her, tells her that she deserves to become a model, and that she hasn't broken the strike. This makes Sandra think, in the next shot she is wearing a skimpy bikini she has daubed equal pay on her midriff. Connie leaves for work, George tells her he's proud of her and loves her. Barbara Castle is told by her officials that they have been assured by the unions that the girls will do as they're told. At a meeting with the union bosses Albert Rita and Connie are told that there will be a vote at the union conference on whether to back the women. Connie goes home and finds George has hung himself. At the funeral Connie and the women are distraught. That evening Lisa Hopkins goes to see Rita at her flat to tell her that the Mr. Clark has been asked to leave the school. She admits who she is the wife of Peter Hopkins who, she says, treats her like a fool. She wishes Rita well, don't let me down, she says. Rita and Eddie confront each other, Eddie complains that he hasn't been a bad husband, but Rita dismisses him. She should have rights not privileges. They take the coach to Eastbourne, Eddie follows on his motor cycle. In the conference hall, Monty starts to address the delegates, he is interrupted by Rita and the other women, Rita addresses the delegates and seems to win them over. Eddie has turned up to apologise, Rita and Eddie make it up. The vote goes 79-48 to support the women. Barbara Castle rants at her officials when they say they can't set up a meeting with the striking women. She demands that that they follow her instructions. Ford bosses start to pull strings with Harold Wilson, Wilson says they mustn't upset Ford because they're such a big employer. Rita goes to see Lisa her husband is amazed that they are on first name terms. Rita borrows Lisa's Biba dress to wear at the meeting with Barbara Castle. Outside the government offices they have a press conference. The press ask them how they are coping. We're women says Rita. dont ask such stupid questions! We see the Ford boss Robert Tooley threatening Barbara Castle that if she gives in to equal pay demands they will move their factories elsewhere. The women meet Barbara Castle, she is won over, and tries to contact Wilson but is told he's on a plane. She decides to negotiate directly with Tooley, they agree to give the women 92% of male pay rates, and to introduce equal pay legislation into parliament. They've won! Outside they meet the press. Barbara Castle compliments Rita on her Biba dress, Rita explains how it's got to be returned that day, and returns the compliment to Barbara on her C&A outfit. To the sound of Jimmy Cliff's "You Can Get It If You Really Want" we see the workers returning to the factory, followed by a montage of actual 1960s news footage of the real characters.
tt0467200
Biography,Drama,History
When Catherine of Aragon fails to produce a male heir to the English throne, the Duke of Norfolk and his brother in law Thomas Boleyn scheme to install the latter's elder daughter Anne in the court of Henry VIII as the king's mistress and potential mother of his son, thereby furthering their own political ambitions. Their plan backfires when Henry, injured in a hunting accident indirectly precipitated by Anne, is nursed by her sister Mary and becomes smitten with her. With great reluctance, the recently married Mary and her husband William Carey agree to accept positions in the court, knowing full well what will be expected of her. Separated from her spouse, who is sent away on an assignment by the king, Mary finds herself falling in love with Henry. Rebellious Anne secretly marries betrothed nobleman Henry Percy and confides in her brother George, who tells Mary about the elopement. Concerned that Anne will ruin her reputation by marrying a nobleman without the King's consent, she alerts her father and uncle of the union. They confront Anne, who argues that the marriage has been consummated and what is done before God cannot be undone, and she is exiled to France in disgrace. The Boleyn family's fortunes seem to be secured when Mary becomes pregnant. When she nearly suffers a miscarriage, she is confined to bed for the remainder of her pregnancy, and Norfolk recalls Anne to England to keep Henry's attention from wandering to another rival, particularly Jane Seymour. Anne successfully embarks on a campaign to seduce Henry, revealing herself to be more sophisticated and accomplished than she was prior to her exile. By withholding her sexual favors, she ensures the king's continued interest, finally making him promise never to bed his wife or speak to her sister in exchange for her giving him hope of eventually possessing her. Anne exacts this promise just after Mary gives birth to the much-anticipated son, making Mary's triumph hollow. The ambitious Anne encourages Henry to break from the Roman Catholic Church when Pope Clement VII refuses to annul his marriage to Catherine. Henry succumbs to Anne's demands, declares himself the Supreme Governor of the Church of England, and divorces his wife. The scandal of Anne's brief, secret marriage to Henry Percy threatens her forthcoming marriage to the king until Mary, out of loyalty to her family, returns to court and lies on Anne's behalf, assuring Henry her union with Percy never was consummated. Anne weds Henry and becomes Queen of England. The sisters reach a reconciliation and Mary stays by Anne's side at court. Despite the birth of a healthy daughter, Elizabeth, Henry is unhappy with Anne's failure to deliver a son and legitimate male heir to the throne. After she miscarries their second child, a now desperate Anne asks her brother George to try to impregnate her. Although he ultimately refuses to grant her request, his neglected wife Jane witnesses enough of their encounter to become suspicious. Her testimony leads to the arrest, trial, and execution of both George and Anne. Mary returns to court to plead for her sister's life, but Henry refuses to intercede. He warns Mary never to come to court again, because her family's disgrace could result in danger to her as well. Mary fulfills her last promise to Anne and takes care of her infant daughter. The closing captions reveal that perhaps the king should not have been concerned about his failure to produce a legitimate male heir, because, ironically, his daughter Elizabeth served her country well for forty-five years.
tt0438859
Biography,Drama,History
James Gregory, a male Caucasian, lives in a South African farm, and is friendly with a black native, Bafana. Both children communicate in the local language, and James even poses in a photograph with his arm around Bafana. Both children bid each other goodbye when James re-locates to live in the city. Years later, James, who now works for the Government, is married to conservative Gloria, who has been taught, and in turn, teaches her children, Brett, Chris, and Natasha, that the suffering of the native blacks is 'God's Will', and is not to be questioned. James' friends view the photograph of Bafana and himself and make fun of him, leading James to hate blacks. The South African Secret Service finds out about James' knowledge of the native language, and they recruit him as a Prison Censorship Officer, and he is instructed to monitor and censor all information and meetings of all inmates, especially Nelson Mandela, the leader of the African National Congress, who has been imprisoned since 1963 for allegedly inciting riots against the government. James converses with Nelson and even finds out his native name is Madiba. When Winnie is permitted to visit Nelson, James monitors the conversation along with another guard, and interrupts them when he finds out that they are talking about the African National Congress. James also finds out that Nelson's son has acquired a driver's license, and he reports this to his supervisor. Shortly thereafter, he is told to hand over a newspaper report that Nelson's son has been killed in an automobile accident. While conversing with another guard, James is told that the 'Freedom Charter' of the African National Congress is the 'extermination of whites'. James sets forth to examine this document, and finds out that it is banned and special authorization is required to even view this document. He does manage to obtain a copy and keeps it on his person. His children experience the trauma of watching police brutality on civilians, including women, children, and infants. While James continues his conversation with Nelson, both men come close to almost being friends. It is then Nelson asks James to give Winnie a piece of chocolate as a Christmas present during her visit to see him. James secretly hands this over - setting into motion a series of events that will isolate him from his very own peers, and force him to consider resigning from his current position. Not able to witness Gloria's distraught and isolation, he resigns, but his resignation is not accepted. He is then asked to accompany Nelson to another prison, which he does. Amongst mounting international pressure to free Nelson, as well as imposition of crippling economic sanctions, the South African government representative meets with Nelson and agrees to free him if he re-locates, but Nelson refuses. Amongst mounting riots from the natives, James' family starts to receive threatening phone calls, and their movements are closely watched by the secret service, a visibly shaken James receives news that Brett has been killed in an automobile accident. He must now attempt to find out if this action was carried by his superiors, the members of the African National Congress, or was it just plain natural justice for betraying Nelson's son.
tt0081059
Biography,Drama,History
This desert epic about a Libyan hero who helped his nation fend off an Italian invasion in 1929. Anthony Quinn stars as Omar Mukhtar, who organizes Libyan forces to hold off the encroaching Italian troops under General Rodolfo Graziana (Oliver Reed), who are trying to gain a foothold on Libyan soil under direct orders from the Italian dictator Mussolini (Rod Steiger). With the persistence of Mukhtar, the Libyans, battling the tanks and guns of the Italian army with their Bedouin troops on horseback, managed to hold off y the Italians for twenty years, until Mukhtar was finally captured and executed.
tt0091374
Biography,Drama,History
Somerset has lost the power struggle with Northumberland and is executed. Northumberland, ruler of the realm due to Edward VI's minority, sees that the succession is key as Edward is unmarried. He will call on his friend Suffolk, Henry Grey, as Suffolk's wife, Frances Brandon, granddaughter of Henry VII, and their daughter Jane Grey, follow Henry VIII's daughters in the line of succession. Jane's great scholarship is made evident in a scene in which she interacts with and debates a priest who is a classical scholar. In the next scene, Edward notes "her learning is an example to us all." Northumberland advises Frances that Edward is dying and their plotting to deny Mary and Elizabeth the throne begins. The plan is to get Edward to modify the line of succession to exclude his sisters and to have Frances defer the throne to Jane. To consolidate power, Suffolk agrees to have Jane Grey marry Guilford Dudley, Northumberland's son. Jane is cold on the idea, suggesting Edward would disapprove. Jane is beaten by her mother for this remark. Northumberland convinces Edward that the marriage is necessary for the Reformation. Jane is convinced by Edward to marry Guilford "for me." Edward's health grows much worse. Northumberland asks the doctor to give Edward arsenic to keep him alive for a few extra days, which will buy Northumberland time to convince Edward to sign the document modifying the line of succession. Guilford is found in a pub and advised he is to be married. In his first meeting with Jane, she makes it clear that her priorities are study and prayer and he notes that he is the type that likes pubs and prostitutes. Their wedding night is absurd, as Guilford falls asleep just moments after Jane enters the bedroom. On a journey together, Guilford and Jane see commoners. Guilford offers one of them coins as alms. The commoner throws the money back, displaying that he wears the brand of a beggar, and yells "give us back our land," which could be a reference to the actions of Henry VIII, but more likely refers to enclosure. It makes little sense to Jane., but when they are next alone, Guilford explains what they had seen. He recounts a) confiscation of land during the dissolution of the monasteries, b) enclosure (fencing in) of common grazing land by landlords that ruined the livelihood of small landowners, c) and the inflation of the English currency. He notes that begging has been made illegal, and that those found begging were forced to wear a brand of disgrace. Jane, it seems, is learning that her quiet piety may not be enough to save the poor and transform England. Northumberland attends to Edward, who is on his deathbed. He proposes the change to the line of succession, noting that Mary's succession would hurt England. Edward notes "but she's my sister." Northumberland cleverly replies "it's the duty of a Christian king to set aside the prejudices of the blood in favor of the greater good of God and country." Edward is sold on the necessity of modifying the line of succession and signs Northumberland's document. Back at home, the newlyweds have another chat. "What do you wish for?", Guilford asks. When she replies with an idea that would improve England, he drops a glass full of wine, destroying it, and says "then it is done." She asks the same of him, gets a similar response, and similarly, but unexpectedly, destroys a wine glass. The game continues, to the delight of both. Jane has come out of her shell, daring to dream with Guilford of a better England. She is no longer a quiet, pious girl too busy with study and prayer to consider the plight of England, but a woman in touch with things a queen might dwell upon, though unaware of the plot to make her queen. Northumberland now seeks the Privy Seal for the document proposing change to the line of succession. Some council members argue that, given Edward's infirmity, ratification might be treasonous, but they acquiesce when reminded that many English lands would revert to Rome if Mary became queen. Northumberland's plot has nearly succeeded, but he is not able to apprehend Mary and Elizabeth. Edward dies and Northumberland fears to proclaim Jane queen with Mary and Elizabeth still at large. However, he decides that he must do so and calls a meeting, insisting that Jane and Guilford attend, but not telling them why their presence is required. Northumberland announces Edward's death and then proclaims that Jane is the new queen. Jane's rejects the crown, shouting "no, it is not mine!" She learns that Guilford will be crowned king, and accuses him of having been in on the plot, but he convinces her this is not so. She accepts the crown. Her ascension is announced publicly, but meets more with confusion than joy. In a letter the privy council receives, Mary proclaims herself queen. Northumberland asks Suffolk to assemble an army to repel Mary. Queen Jane, unannounced, walks in on the meeting and changes the subject, demanding social reforms. Northumberland interrupts to request her signature on the document proposing the raising of an army by her father. Queen Jane refuses to sign unless Northumberland himself agrees to lead the troops that will defend her realm. He agrees and she signs. He proceeds to capture several supporters of Mary, but Jane has them all released. She hears that the campaign against Mary is failing. When Suffolk barges in on her and Guilford to advise them that Northumberland has been declared a traitor and that Mary has been named queen, ending Jane's nine day reign, things are clarified. Most unexpectedly, Jane's remark is "What a relief. Father, can we go home?" Predictably, though, Jane and Guilford are arrested, separated, and imprisoned in the Tower, as is Northumberland. Mary rides triumphantly into England, and her first act is to free those incarcerated in the Tower for having opposed the Reformation, an ominous sign. Queen Mary speaks to Jane and makes it clear that, although a death sentence is near certain when Jane is tried, she intends to grant a reprieve. As Jane exits, the imperial ambassador enters, and Queen Mary advises him that she does not plan to execute Jane. The imperial ambassador notes that Phillip, with whom Queen Mary is in love, will not visit while Jane lives. Learning that her marriage appears to hinge on this execution grieves Queen Mary, who has suffered greatly from loneliness. Suffolk advises his wife that he will join a revolt (which came to be known as Wyatt's rebellion) against Queen Mary. Jane learns that this revolt, with which she was unfamiliar, failed, and that Suffolk, who was one of its leaders, has been arrested. Jane and Guilford are tried, convicted and sentenced to beheading. Jane learns that Queen Mary, due to Suffolk's treason, will no longer grant a reprieve unless Jane embraces the doctrines of Catholicism, Predictably, Jane refuses. Jane learns that Guilford has been executed on Tower Hill, and then she, herself, is led to the scaffold on Tower Green, where she is beheaded. Though still grievous of having had to execute Jane, Queen Mary is seen leaving the Tower, proclaiming "I am going to meet my husband." A priest, the same one that had debated with Jane in the movie's opening minutes, looks to the heavens, reflects on Jane's life and quotes Plato in the movie's final line: "The soul takes flight to the world that is invisible but there arriving she is sure of bliss and forever dwells in paradise."
tt1935942
Documentary,Biography,History
In 1860, as the American Experiment threatened to explode into a bloody civil war, there were as many as four hundred thousand slave-owners in the United States, and almost four million slaves. The nation was founded upon the idea that all men are created equal and endowed by their creator with the inalienable rights of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. The nation would pay a bloody cost for denying that right to more than twelve percent of its population. But when slavery was first brought to America's shores, this war, and even the nation it tore apart, was centuries in the future. With incredibly detailed historical reenactments, expert commentary and the stories of slavery told through first-hand accounts, this is an epic struggle 400 years in the making. A journey into the past like none other. This is the story of these men and women who by their hands laid the foundation of what would become the most powerful nation on Earth. Join us as we rise...UP FROM SLAVERY. Content: Part One - 1619 Virginia - The First African Slaves arrive Part Two - 18th Century Colonial America and Slavery under the rule of the British Empire Part Three - Slavery in the United States after the Revolution Part Four - Nat Turners Rebellion, 1831 Part Five - Abolition from the North grows Part Six - The Civil War. Emancipation Proclamation Part Seven - Aftermath of the Civil War and new freedom
tt0093389
Biography,Drama,History
Arrival. A train pulls into a station in North China. It's 1950. Soldiers are everywhere. The train is a prisoner transport and all who depart from it are war criminals. The prisoners are hustled into the station building to wait. After a short while, four prisoners suddenly get up, congregate across the room, and worshipfully prostrate themselves before a well dressed, bespectacled man (John Lone). The venerated man looks around uncomfortably. Guards lead the four worshipers away. The man retreats to a bathroom and locks the door behind him. After filling a sink with hot water he slits his wrists and plunges them into the water. A short time later the prison governor (Ruocheng Ying) goes to the bathroom door. Finding it locked the governor pounds on the door, repeatedly shouting, "Open the door!" Inside the bathroom, the venerated man, prisoner, war criminal, watches his blood cloud the water in the sink. The man's name is Pu Yi. He is the last emperor of China. The Emperor of China, 1908. The sound of the governor's pounding and shouting transports Pu Yi's thoughts to a time, 42 years earlier, when mounted soldiers similarly demanded entry to his family's estate. By command of the Empress Dowager Cixi, three year-old Pu Yi (Richard Vuu) has been ordered to the Forbidden City, the seat of power and abode of Chinese emperors. As the boy sobs, Pu Yi's mother (Dong Liang) hands him over to his nurse, Ar Mo (Jade Go), saying, "My son is your son." When the procession arrives in the Forbidden City, Pu Yi and his father (Basil Pao) are given audience before the dying Empress Dowager. Her last official act is to proclaim the boy to be the successor of the previous emperor, who has died that very day. "Little Pu Yi. I have decided that you will be the new Lord of Ten Thousand Years. You will be the Son of Heaven." With those words, the Empress Dowager dies. Pu Yi turns to his father and asks if they are going home. Without reply, his father prostrates himself before his son. Shortly, Pu Yi is seated on the imperial throne in the Hall of Supreme Harmony. He is being invested. As the imperial seal is imprinted on the proclamation, Pu Yi bolts out of the hall and into the huge courtyard beyond. Thousands of government officials and household servants are arrayed in ranks in the courtyard and in the square beyond. To rhythmic chants and commands, they all kowtow to the new emperor in a seemingly endless series of prostrations. When they are done and silence finally arrives, the sound of a cricket reaches Pu Yi's ears. The High Tutor (Victor Wong), makes the cricket a gift: "Ah. See? He is kowtowing to Your Majesty. Now he can be the emperor's cricket." Later, the boy emperor is attended by court eunuchs. They bathe him and entertain him while the imperial physician (Zhendong Dong) checks his stool. Ar Mo arrives and Pu Yi flies into her arms exclaiming, "I want to go home!" That night Pu Yi and Ar Mo are in bed together. She sings him a lullaby. Failed Suicide. The remembrance of Ar Mo's lullaby is interrupted by the prison governor. He is slapping Pu Yi's face. "Where am I?" the adult Pu Yi asks from where he lies on the bathroom floor. "In the People's Republic of China," the governor curtly replies. Pu Yi's suicide attempt has failed. The prisoners are trucked to the Bureau of Public Security Detention Center in Fushun. They are given supplies and the rules of conduct. As Pu Yi sits on the plank bed in his cell later that day, his brother, Pu Chieh (Guang Fan), arrives. Brothers, 1914. The sight of his brother launches Pu Yi into another recollection. In it, eight year-old Pu Yi (Tsou Tijger) is paid a visit by his family. Though he has not seen them since his coronation, Pu Yi doesn't seem very interested and must be prompted by the High Tutor. As seven year-old Pu Chieh (Henry Kyi) kowtows to his brother, Pu Yi callously steps over him and, calling for Ar Mo to accompany him, approaches his mother's curtained sedan chair. Perfunctorily, he inquires of her health and, when the curtains part, admits that he does not remember her face. Their father ignores Pu Chieh's shout of "Papa!" and abruptly departs. Pu Chieh is being left in the Forbidden City to serve as companion to his brother. Pu Chieh tells his imperial brother that if he comes home Pu Yi can play with his three sisters and two friends but Pu Yi says that he never leaves the palace. Then the emperor shows his brother a game that he does play. It's follow the leader as, at a run, the two boys lead the imperial entourage in circles. Pu Yi next takes his brother to a lake where, while Pu Chieh dawdles, Pu Yi casually stokes Ar Mo's breast and then suckles it in plain view and to no apparent surprise or disapproval. Later, the two boys have a trifling dispute that leads to a revelation. The dispute is over whether Pu Chieh is wearing a color of yellow that is reserved for the emperor. When Pu Chieh tells his brother that he's not the emperor anymore, that there's a new emperor, Pu Yi tries to disprove his claim by commanding a eunuch called Big Foot (Liangbin Zhang) to drink a bowl of green ink. After considerable pause and with much apprehension Big Foot drinks the ink, but Pu Chieh doesn't accept that as proof and persists. He leads his brother to the top of a newly constructed wall built to divide the northern residential section from the rest of the Forbidden City. Pu Chieh points to a man riding in a car below claiming, "He's the president of the republic." Pu Yi is shaken. When he descends to street level, he asks the High Tutor if he is still emperor. The High Tutor replies, "You will always be the emperor inside the Forbidden City, but not outside. Outside", Pu Yi is informed, "China is now a republic, with a president." Seeking solace, Pu Yi searches for Ar Mo but she is gone. He is told that she has been sent away to promote a more healthful environment. Prison Orientation. Pu Yi and Pu Chieh, prisoners number 981 and 920 respectively, together with hundreds of other war criminals are assembled in the prison yard. The prison governor briefs them. They are expected to face the truth by writing autobiographies in which they confess their crimes. In his office following the orientation, the prison governor unwraps a parcel to reveal a book titled Twilight in the Forbidden City, written by Reginald F. Johnston. He turns to a section near the middle of the book and begins reading. Education, 1919. Reginald Johnston (Peter O'Toole) enters into the emperor's service as tutor during the turmoil of the 1919 May Fourth student movement. Years of deferential laxity have left fifteen year-old Pu Yi (Tao Wu) ignorant, naive, and more than a little arrogant. Johnston immediately sees that to have influence he must be the emperor's friend, not his vassal. For his part, Pu Yi uses Johnston as his only source for genuine information about conditions outside the Forbidden City. Johnston gives Pu Yi a bicycle upon which the emperor attempts an escape. When that fails, Pu Yi tries a rooftop escape and fails again. When Johnston determines that the lad needs spectacles, he must threaten to publicize the pathetic facts of the emperor's captivity to coerce the Lord Chamberlain into allowing the emperor to wear them. Marriage, 1922. The government decides that Pu Yi is to be married. He is shown a series of pictures of teenaged princesses from which he presumably can reject - it is only the government that will select the empress. Pu Yi, however, chooses to have a secondary consort, and in the matter of a second wife, he can do the choosing. He chooses twelve year-old Wen Hsiu (Jun Wu). After the wedding ceremony, he is seated on a bed with Wan Jung (Joan Chen), the empress that has been selected for him. He removes the kai t'ou that covers her face to discover that despite being so old - she's two years his senior - she's gorgeous. As Wan Jung covers Pu Yi's face with kisses, attendants begin removing the royal wedding clothes but Pu Yi stops them. Wan Jung asks whether he would prefer them to be a modern couple. When he doesn't respond, she takes his silence for assent. They shake hands, say goodnight, and Pu Yi leaves. Testimony. The prison governor has apparently stopped reading. Pu Yi is taken from his cell to a wainscoted room where he is to confess his crimes. He is told to first write his name. Since he has been given only chalk and the floor is slate, he writes his name on the floor. His interrogator (Ric Young) establishes the ground rules and then begins by asking Pu Yi why he thinks he's there. From Pu Yi's response and his autobiography one might think him an innocent bystander to China's recent history. The interrogator figuratively throws both Pu Yi's response and his autobiography back into his face. He demands serious confession. A scribe (Hongchang Yang) is ready to take Pu Yi's testimony. The prison governor has entered and sits at the rear of the interrogation room. Trivial Confession, 1923. Pu Yi begins his confession. He recalls sitting on a golden armchair espousing reforms. He cuts off his queue, the woven ponytail that signifies Manchu domination, the cutting of which was, until recently, treasonous. He then replaces the Lord Chamberlain and proposes an audit of the imperial storerooms. That night the eunuchs burn the storerooms to prevent discovery of their thefts. The next day, Pu Yi expels the eunuchs with the help of republican troops. Inadequate. Pu Yi finishes his trivial "confession" staring at his name on the floor. The prison governor asks about the Japanese. They all passionately want to know about the Japanese. How and when did Pu Yi's friendship with the Japanese begin? Expulsion from the Forbidden City, 1924. Pu Yi continues his testimony. The imperial family is playing tennis in a courtyard. Shots are heard in the distance. Suddenly, the courtyard is filled with troops of the warlord Feng Yuxiang. One of Feng's captains (Xu Tongrui) gives the imperials one hour to leave the Forbidden City. They are to go into guarded exile at Pu Yi's ancestral estate. Johnston suggests that he could arrange asylum in the British Embassy. As Pu Yi leaves what for him has been a gold encrusted prison for the first time in sixteen years, he's quiet and strangely apprehensive. The imperial family departs my motorcar as the five-color republican flag is raised over the Forbidden City. Explanations. The interrogator points out that they didn't go to the British Embassy, but to the Japanese Embassy. Pu Yi explains that the Japanese were prepared to help, that they have an emperor nearly his age, and that, since he is Manchurian, many Chinese consider him to be an alien. He presents these facts to explain why the imperial family went to live in the Japanese Concession in Tientsin. He further explains that he was not in the pay of the Japanese, that he had to pay his own way in Tientsin by selling family treasure, and that he dreamed of going to the West. The Playboy, 1927. Pu Yi relates the casual good times in Tientsin. It was a cosmopolitan city with a large international community. At a dance party, a tuxedo-clad Pu Yi briefly sings Am I Blue? flanked by a jazz band that bizarrely wears blackface. He finishes the song and rejoins the dancers. The grown up Wen Hsiu (Vivian Wu), his secondary consort, dances with an American while Masahiko Amakasu (Ryuichi Sakamoto), Pu Yi's Japanese patron and co-conspirator, looks on. While they dance, Pu Yi and Wan Jung discuss where they want to live. She favors Monaco but he prefers San Francisco. She asks if they're really going this time. The American dancing with Wen Hsiu sees the imperial couple and asks who they are. Wen Hsiu identifies them as Henry and Elizabeth - Pu Yi and Wan Jung have taken Western names. As they drive to their residence in the Japanese legation after the party, Wen Hsiu announces that she wants a divorce. Henry chides her saying that no one can divorce him. Shortly after they arrive at the residence Wen Hsiu leaves never to return. Later that night Eastern Jewel (Maggie Han) arrives. In her bedroom, she and Elizabeth engage in small talk and then Eastern Jewel produces an opium pipe. As she prepares the pipe, she casually explains that she works as a spy for the Japanese Special Service Bureau. Elizabeth naively confides in Eastern Jewel. She shares her worries about Henry and his relationship with the Japanese. Henry has sent his brother, Pu Chieh, to a military academy in Tokyo, and Amakasu speaks incessantly to Henry about Manchuria. Elizabeth doesn't trust Amakasu and she doesn't trust the Japanese. Henry appears and greets Eastern Jewel as "cousin." He is still upset by Wen Hsiu's departure. Eastern Jewel stokes the fires of Henry's discontent by informing him of the recent desecration of the tombs of their Manchu ancestors by Kuomintang troops. Henry is left speechless. Questions. The interrogator grills Pu Yi about whether he collaborated with the Japanese in their transformation of Manchuria into the puppet state, Manchukuo. He points out that Pu Yi arrived in Manchuria within a month of the Japanese conquest. When Pu Yi insists that he was kidnapped, the prison governor intercedes. The governor asks if Pu Yi remembers Mr. Johnston. Farewell, 1931. Pu Yi tries evasion by relating the day that Johnston left China to return to England. After their farewells, Henry Pu Yi watches from the car as Johnston walks to the gangplank of the waiting ship. A small Chinese orchestra plays Auld Lang Syne on traditional Chinese instruments. Contradictions. The prison governor dismisses Pu Yi's evasion. He counters Pu Yi's claim of kidnap by reading aloud contradictory quotations from Johnston's book. Pu Yi calls Johnston a liar and points out that his old tutor had left China years before the putative kidnapping. At a nod from the interrogator, the scribe goes to the back of the interrogation room and opens the door to admit Pu Yi's former valet, who is also a prisoner. The interrogator resumes by pointing out that, in his autobiography, the valet had written that he packed Pu Yi's luggage the day before his master's "kidnapping." Holding up the two conflicting accounts the interrogator exclaims, "These two stories don't fit, do they?" When the valet tries to make excuses, the interrogator angrily throws the books at them. Opportunity, 1932. Pu Yi privately recalls the true events surrounding his "kidnapping." Though it is obvious to Elizabeth that the Japanese are using him, Henry asserts his hereditary right to rule Manchuria. He must find a way to use the Japanese. "There can be no Manchukuo without me," he asserts. Even when faced by protest from his faithful old High Tutor, Henry proves that he's still an arrogant spoiled brat by bringing up every petty complaint that he has been harboring against the Chinese. "China has turned its back on me," he rages. He plans to take his opportunity to rule, no matter the circumstances or the consequences. Pu Yi is in the hot embrace of megalomania. Time and Truth. The prison governor leaves Pu Yi and his former valet looking at a 1934 copy of Time Magazine that displays a military portrait of Pu Yi on its cover with the words "Emperor Pu Yi" below. The Emperor of Manchukuo, 1934. The sight of his picture on the cover of the magazine carries Pu Yi back to Manchuria. The Japanese have decided that, having served as Head of State for the past two years, Henry Pu Yi is now to be emperor of Manchukuo. Henry arrives at his outdoor coronation wearing the traditional robes of the Qing Dynasty. With Japanese officials looking on, he bows to the four points of the compass. Then, as the imperial seal is pressed to the instrument of coronation, Eastern Jewel congratulates Elizabeth. "You're an empress again," she brightly exclaims. She then enthusiastically confides to Elizabeth that she wants to bomb Shanghai. "I hate China," she tells the newly restored empress. "I hate you," Elizabeth replies sullenly. From the sidelines, Amakasu snaps photos. At the coronation ball that evening, Amakasu supervises the filming of the festivities. Elizabeth and Eastern Jewel arrive stoned on opium. The Japanese Army High Command is also present. General Ishikari (Hideo Takamatsu) congratulates Henry on behalf of the Japanese Emperor. During this ceremony Elizabeth hides out on the second floor balcony. Amakasu turns his camera from the military pomp to film Elizabeth. He stares at her with stony eyes, then follows her with the camera as she descends to the main floor. While the orchestra plays a Strauss waltz, Elizabeth does not join the dancers. Instead, she sits at the end of the hall and eats daffodils from a flower arrangement. She stares vacantly as she stuffs the poisonous flowers into her mouth. Nearby, Henry's brother, Pu Chieh, introduces his Japanese wife, Princess Hiro Saga, to various dignitaries. Pu Chieh is wearing a full-dress Japanese uniform. His wife is pregnant. When Henry is told of his wife's eccentric activities, he leaves a meeting with the High Command and confronts her. Elizabeth tells her puffed up husband that he's blind to the reality of his situation: that Amakasu is the most powerful man in Manchukuo, to which Pu Yi scoffs. When she asks why he doesn't make love to her anymore, Henry says that it is because she has become an opium addict. She tries to tell him how easily opium can be obtained in Manchukuo but Henry doesn't want to hear it. She then asks to have a child. "You must have an heir." Henry changes the subject by bringing up their invitation to Tokyo. He tells her that he's decided to go alone. When she says that she would never go to Japan, Henry angrily tells her to go to her room. As she leaves, she sarcastically raises a toast to the new emperor. "Ten thousand years to His Majesty the Emperor!" Henry abruptly stands in the face of her affront, but as the toast is picked up by the assembled guests a smile crosses his face. Elizabeth saunters out of the ballroom as the toasting continues. She's followed by Eastern Jewel. Back in Elizabeth's bedroom, Eastern Jewel passes the opium pipe to her. Then, as Elizabeth stares dejectedly, Eastern Jewel rolls down Elizabeth's stockings and proceeds to nibble on her toes. Elizabeth again tells Eastern Jewel that she hates her. Unsaid is that she hates all Chinese who collaborate with the Japanese. Unsaid is that she hates herself for putting up with the sham existence that her life has become. Servitude. Back in the prison, the governor spies on Pu Yi as the former emperor bullies his cellmates. They had served him in the Forbidden City and they continue to serve him in prison. The governor orders Pu Yi to be moved to a different cell, one that will humble Pu Yi. In the new cell that he is to share with five other convicts, Pu Yi is sternly told what chores he is expected to do. He will be disallowed any privileged position here. Pu Yi turns to the door and summons a guard. "I've never been separated from my family," he says. "You'd better get used to it," the guard replies. When he turns back to look at his cellmates, he recognizes them. They were all government officials in Manchukuo. Welcome Home, 1935. The sight of his cellmates carries Pu Yi back to Manchuria once again. He is returning from Tokyo. Dressed in military uniform, he reviews his troops when he is introduced to Colonel Yoshioka (Fumihiko Ikeda). Behind the colonel stands Mr. Amakasu. The colonel has disarmed the imperial guards. He informs Henry that there have been many changes made while he was away. Henry pushes the colonel aside and enters his palace. He asks for his Prime Minister and is informed that the Prime Minister has resigned and has moved to a monastery far away. When Henry asks who it is that is telling him, the man identifies himself as Chang Chinghui (Shu Chen), Minister of Defense. Flanked by the flags of Japan and Manchukuo, Emperor Henry Pu Yi leads a meeting of his council. To his right sit his Japanese advisers, facing the flag of Japan. To his left sit his cabinet, facing the flag of Manchukuo. Before him awaiting his signature lies an edict that would appoint Chang Chinghui as the new Prime Minister. He refuses to sign and instead launches into an idealistic speech about mutual respect, equality, and independence. Upon mention of the name "Manchuria," Amakasu on the Japanese side so violently stands up that his chair jumps back. As Henry attempts to continue, the rest of the Japanese side stand up. They turn and stiffly march out of the council chamber. Then, as the Emperor of Manchukuo once again tries to continue, Chang Chinghui abruptly stands up followed by the rest of the Manchukuo side. They turn their backs on their emperor and fall in line behind the Japanese, marching briskly out of the room. Henry's government has been undermined by the Japanese while he was visiting Tokyo. Henry is left addressing an empty council chamber. As his voice trails off and he slowly sits down, the emotion drains from Henry's face as a new, old realization strikes him. He is back in a new Forbidden City of his own making. At the state dinner following the disastrous council meeting, Elizabeth informs her husband that she's pregnant and that the father is Manchurian. Just then, Colonel Yoshioka and Mr. Amakasu enter. Yoshioka carries the edict that Henry refused to sign in the council chamber. Henry once again refuses to sign it. Amakasu insists that Manchukuo must, by rights, pay the cost of its occupation, that Japan's beneficent protection is not extended out of a sense of charity. Henry evades the issue by walking across the room to stand behind his wife's chair. He announces that he is to have an heir. Amakasu looks at him impassively. He tells Henry that the Japanese are aware of the situation. He writes on a scrap of paper and replies, "This is the name of the father." With the paper in hand, Yoshioka faces Elizabeth across the table. He tosses the paper on the table in front of her while loudly proclaiming, "His name is Chang. He is your driver." As Amakasu scolds the defeated emperor, Henry signs the instrument that appoints Chang Chinghui as Prime Minister. Elizabeth stands as Amakasu picks up the document. Turning to face her, Amakasu triumphantly proclaims that "The Japanese are the only divine race on Earth." She turns away and begins to leave as he continues. "We will take China, Hong Kong, Indochina, Siam, Malaya, Singapore, and India!" Amakasu pursues Elizabeth across the room shouting, "Asia belongs to us!" The scene changes to a close up of Chang (Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa) as he waxes the emperor's car. He stops when he feels a gun put to the back of his head. The gun fires. Regrets. In the prison yard, the governor lectures Pu Yi on the technique of silently urinating into a bucket so as not to wake his cellmates. Pu Yi turns to look at his former valet, silently beseeching him for support. The man responds by angrily leaving the yard exclaiming, "You still think I'm a servant, don't you?" When he's back in his cell, Pu Yi denies that anything has changed. "You are all pretending." His cell leader tells him to shut up, that they are working for a new China. As the cell leader summons a guard, Pu Yi is struck by the man's sincerity. He sits on the side of his bed repeatedly muttering, "I let it happen." The Puppet, 1935. Elizabeth gives birth but the doctor (Jiechen Dong) murders the baby by fatal injection. Meanwhile, in an office emblazoned with heroic murals, Amakasu supervises as Henry signs an edict making Japanese the official language in schools. After the signing, the doctor enters and tells Henry that the baby was born dead. Regarding Elizabeth, he prescribes a clinic stay "somewhere warm." Eastern Jewel enters and informs Henry that Elizabeth has already left. Henry runs to catch the departing Elizabeth but, in a reprise of attempted escapes from the Forbidden City, soldiers close the gates upon his approach. From a second floor balcony, Amakasu and Eastern Jewel watch the pathetic Henry walk back to the palace. They hold hands, fingers entwined. Consequences. The prisoners are in the prison auditorium. A newsreel showing diving Japanese fighter bombers is being aired. It begins with the words "With Manchukuo now firmly in their grasp, the Japanese soon controlled most of North China." The newsreel continues to chronicle the Sino-Japanese war commencing in 1937 and the atrocities committed by Japanese forces. When Pu Yi sees his image in the newsreel, he rises from his seat and remains standing, staring agog as the film goes on to show the piled bodies of the victims of Japanese biological experiments conducted in Manchukuo followed by scenes of opium processing and consumption. Capture, 1945. The sound of Japanese Emperor Hirohito's surrender broadcast in the newsreel takes Pu Yi back in time once again. Eastern Jewel sits beside a radio. She listens to Hirohito's surrender broadcast as in a trance, but she lurches at the crack of a gunshot. Amakasu has shot himself in the left temple. Head down, Amakasu's blood spreads across his desk. The Manchukuo palace is being evacuated when Elizabeth returns from exile. She has gone quite mad. She spits in the faces of the Japanese soldiers. When she reaches Henry she pauses and stares at her husband as though she can't quite figure out who he is. She twitches uncontrollably and then shuffles on aided by her nurse. Henry is being hustled along by Colonel Yoshioka who wants to beat his way out of Manchuria ahead of Russian soldiers, but Henry delays. He turns and follows Elizabeth. He watches as she spits on Amakasu's corpse. Then, with eyes glistening, he follows her as she ambles to her bedroom. She pauses at the bedroom door allowing him to approach and then, without looking directly at him, she shivers and goes through the door. Inside, she turns and vacantly gazes at Henry as she closes the door. Henry is left standing outside the door, shattered. At the end of the hallway, Yoshioka is adamant. "Now!" he shouts. As the hanger doors are opening, the twin-engine escape plane is warming up. Colonel Yoshioka, Henry, and Henry's principal ministers are aboard. Yoshioka hears distant shooting and looks out through the windscreen to see Russian paratroopers floating down to earth. They have been captured. Responsibility. The prison governor leaves his office and enters the compound. The prisoners are scattered throughout the compound playing ping-pong, except for Pu Yi. Pu Yi is tending his flower garden. As he works the soil, the governor stops and faces him. The governor castigates Pu Yi for admitting to crimes that he couldn't possibly have known about, the biological experiments, for example. When asked why he signed every accusation hurled against him, Pu Yi breaks his silence and matter-of-factly replies, "I was responsible for everything." "You are responsible for what you do!" the governor honestly counters. He continues. "All your life you thought you were better than everyone else. Now you think you are the worst of all!" Referring to his suicide attempt in the railroad station, using words fraught with past implications, Pu Yi says, "You saved my life to make me a puppet in your own play." He puts down a watering can, turns, and intently addresses the governor. "You saved me because I am useful to you." Stunned that Pu Yi has come so far without fully appreciating the worth of an ordinary life, the governor asks, "Is that so terrible, to be useful?" Reformed, 1959. The prisoners are arrayed as a chorus, singing. They finish the song and sit down. A motion picture cameraman is filming. The prison governor is on the stage at a microphone. Pu Yi's name is called. As he walks toward the stage, Pu Yi hears a prison official read the proclamation that releases him from prison. He is handed the proclamation and, as the governor shakes his hand, he hears the governor say, "You see? I will end up living in prison longer than you." They smile warmly to each other as their handclasp lingers. Freedom, 1967. Pu Yi leaves the Beijing Botanical Gardens where he works as a gardener. He has been free these past seven years for the first time in his life. He smiles a lot. On his bicycle ride home he stops at an open air market. His brother, Pu Chieh, is there. Up the street a large group of young people approach as a parade. They carry banners and pictures of Chairman Mao. A twelve piece accordion band leads the way. The young people are chanting and waving little red books. They are Red Guard. In their midst, a group of dunce hatted, revisionist lackeys are being herded along. Among them is Pu Yi's former prison governor! Pu Yi goes up to him. He tells the nearest Red Guard that there must be a mistake, that this is a good man. The guardsman tells Pu Yi to fuck off. "But what has he done?" Pu Yi asks. "He's been accused," the young man replies. The guardsman turns to face the governor. "Confess your crime," he commands. "I have nothing to confess," the former prison governor replies. Pu Yi's former keeper is then repeatedly forced to kowtow. Pu Yi tries to talk to the Red Guard but they frog march him to the side of the street and push him to the ground. As Pu Yi lies on the asphalt, the lackeys are hustled ahead. Their former place on the street is now occupied by a flag waver and a troop of schoolgirls. The schoolgirls march around in a choreographed display while singing a stirring patriotic song. Pu Yi leaves the street and visits the Forbidden City. It is near closing time. Shadows stretch across the courtyard in front of the Hall of Supreme Harmony. He enters the building in which he held court so very long ago. Magically, he is alone. He looks up at his former throne, then steps over the decorative rope that demarcates the line beyond which the public is not to go. "Stop!" a small boy cries. "You are not allowed in there!" the boy shouts as he runs toward Pu Yi. When the boy asks who he is, Pu Yi replies, "I was the emperor of China." When asked to prove it, Pu Yi climbs the steps to the throne and recovers a cricket cage. He hands it to the boy. The boy descends the steps and pops the top off the cricket cage. He then turns back as though to ask Pu Yi what it is, but Pu Yi is not there. He has disappeared. The boy runs back up the stairs, looks around, and then stares at the cricket cage he holds. An elderly cricket crawls out and onto the boy's shirt. Heritage, today. A tour guide playing a synthesized version of Yankee Doodle Dandy leads a horde of American tourists into the throne room. She explains that this is the room where emperors of China were crowned. "The last emperor to be crowned here was Aisin Gioro Pu Yi," she announces. "He was three years old. He died in 1967." Ed. Notes: The film makers slightly altered the time line of Pu Yi's early life. Re, The Emperor of China, 1908: Pu Yi was only two years of age when he was invested. Re, Brothers, 1914: The wall, from which Pu Chieh points to the president of China and which is clearly under construction, was actually constructed in 1912, thus, Pu Yi would have been only six years of age and his brother would have been five. Re, Education, 1919: Pu Yi would have been only thirteen years of age and his brother would have been twelve. Wan Jung was nicknamed Elizabeth at the American missionary school in Tientsin which she attended as a girl. Pu Yi was jocularly nicknamed Henry, after Henry VIII and as suggested by Pu Yi's relationship to Elizabeth, by Reginald Johnston. Pu Yi's Manchu clan name was Aisin Gioro (Gold Clan) but he would not have been called Aisin Gioro Pu Yi as clan names are not used in that manner. Pu Yi's name is also often spelled "Puyi". Pu Chieh's name is also often spelled "Pujie". After leaving Pu Yi's service in 1924, Reginald Johnston became commissioner of the British Weihaiwei lease located at the end of the strategic Shandong Peninsula until that prefecture was returned to China in the autumn of 1930. Eastern Jewel (Dongzhen) was the courtesy name for Yu Aixinjueluo (or Xianyu) of the Manchu Aisin Gioro. She was a Qing princess and a distant relative of Pu Yi. She was raised in Japan where she was called Yoshiko Kawashima. (Sources: Numerous Wikipedia articles from both English and Chinese sites and the Encyclopedia Britannica.)
tt0101516
Biography,Crime,Drama
The story opens in New York City where Benjamin Siegel, an organized crime boss whose partners are Charlie "Lucky" Luciano and Meyer Lansky, visits the office of one of their lesser partners and kills him for stealing from the organization. Ben does so in full view of the man's workers, knowing his reputation will protect him. Often called "Bugsy" but hating the nickname (and willing to beat or kill someone for using it), Siegel is being sent to Los Angeles to broker a deal with another gangster, Jack Dragna, in an effort to expand their operations. Siegel boards a train after saying goodbye to his wife Esta and their two girls. He's visited by Harry Greenberg, an old friend who is irresponsible with his end of Siegel's organization and asks Siegel for money. Disgusted, Siegel gives Greenberg a large sum and dismisses him to sit under a UV lamp and work on his tan. Arriving in Los Angeles, Siegel is met by another old friend, the actor George Raft, who takes Ben to a studio where the movie Manpower is being shot. On the set, Ben notices a woman, Virginia Hill, who has a job as an extra. Ben is attracted to her immediately and talks to her briefly before she walks off, seemingly uninterested and insulting his ego. George drives Ben back to his hotel through Beverly Hills, pointing out the houses of famous Hollywood people. When George mentions opera singer Lawrence Tibbett, Ben asks George to leave him there. Ben meets with Tibbett himself and mildly coerces Tibbett into selling his house, offering straight cash and settling on an amount several thousand dollars more than Tibbett paid for the house. Tibbett agrees. A few scenes later, Siegel buys a luxury car from a random person on the street. Siegel meets with Dragna and his associates at Dragna's office. Dragna isn't interested in Siegel's offer to expand his own business, much less aid Siegel & his associates. Siegel counters, saying that if Dragna won't do business, he'll have to shoot Siegel himself, and even hands Dragna a pistol. Everyone ends up laughing, however Dragna still points out that Siegel's reputation for being a psychotic hothead precedes him and agrees to the deal. When one of Dragna's associates asks why Dragna didn't shoot Siegel when the had the chance, Dragna tells him that all-out war with Siegel's partners, Luciano & Lansky, isn't worth it. Virginia Hill shows up at Ben's new house and the two begin a torrid love affair. Ben receives a call from Dragna who tells him that his office had been robbed by a small-time gangster, Mickey Cohen. Though no one could see Cohen's face, they knew it was him. Ben asks Raft to have Cohen meet him at a spa. When Cohen arrives, Siegel politely demands the return of the money Cohen stole. Cohen unleashes a torrent of verbal insult and also tells Ben that he'd stolen a lesser amount than Dragna reported. Siegel recognizes that Cohen possesses a larger talent for collecting and enforcement and hires Cohen on the spot after Cohen agrees to give back the money he stole. Cohen also reveals that Virginia has a reputation for being promiscuous in LA, something that Ben jealously takes notice of immediately. At home, Virginia makes an elegant dinner for Ben, who acts aloof, dropping subtle hints about Virginia's past love life. Virginia is insulted and throws an ashtray at Ben, hitting him in the head. The two are still arguing loudly when Cohen shows up with the money. Ben waits for Jack Dragna to arrive a few minutes later and shows him the cash. Ben then tells Dragna that he gave the job of running Siegel's operation in LA to Cohen, a job he'd intended to let Dragna have. Siegel then turns furious, accusing Dragna of stealing the difference in funds from the Cohen holdup for himself. After a moment of Russian Roulette and then making Dragna crawl around and bark like a dog, then oink like a pig, Ben gives Dragna the money, ordering him to return it to the the safe in the office, along with the cash Dragna himself misappropriated. Back in the dining room, Ben begins to indifferently eat the meal Virginia had prepared. Virginia, having eavesdropped on Ben's berating of Dragna, is sexually turned on and the two have sex. Bugsy continues to make plans and snap decisions on everything - he meets a countess whose husband is in immediate contact with Benito Mussolini, and plots to kill the dictator. Bugsy begins bringing Virginia on his trips, but she refuses to fly. In the Nevada desert near the small roadside stop of Las Vegas, Ben checks out a small diner with a few slot machines that does turn a small profit but is too small to keep open. Ben closes the place and the trio heads back to LA. In the desert, after an short argument with Virginia about his family back in New York, Ben has an epiphany. He goes back to the car and tells Cohen and Virginia about it. Virginia is unimpressed and drives off with Ben's car, leaving the two stranded. When Ben goes to his home in New York and tells his mob buddies about a new venture, The Flamingo casino/hotel, which will be located in a state where gambling is permitted, he tries to juggle the search for Virginia, the proposal to his partners, and his daughter Millicent's birthday party. His proposal is successful, but his family life is disintegrating. His business dealings intrude on Millicent's birthday, leaving her upset. Despite a promise to Virginia, he fails to ask his wife Esta for a divorce. Lansky says that he likes Ben's idea about the hotel/casino, though it will need final approval from Luciano. Ben also tells Meyer about his plans to kill Mussolini, an idea that Meyer nixes immediately. Meyer is afraid that the rest of their mob won't take Ben seriously if he talks about the plot. Bugsy also talks to another of their associates, Joey Adonis, who'd once dated Virginia. Bugsy apologizes for stealing Virginia away from Joey. Joey hits him and states emphatically that he was never in love with her and that she's a slut. Bugsy returns to Hollywood to convince Virginia of his dream -- he flies into another psychotic episode when he finds her entertaining another man. Ben throws the man through a patio door, ordering him to leave before he kills him. Virginia yells at Ben telling him that the man is her brother Chick. Ben tries to make amends by promising to buy Chick a new Cadillac. Virginia is disgusted at the thought of Ben trying to buy Chick's forgiveness and stalks off. Ben is able to talk to Virginia, telling her that the hotel he's planning to build will be named after her, "The Flamingo". Design begins on the hotel, with Bugsy exhibiting his mania -- he seems unconcerned at first with the ballooning budget when he orders several expensive changes. Bugsy also believes Virginia is flirting with the younger of the two architects and jealously tells Mickey and George. Harry Greenberg arrives at Ben's home in LA, having escaped from prosecutors, previously planning on informing on the mob. Bugsy takes Harry for a "drive", and Virginia insists on coming along. Bugsy and Harry get out of the car and Virginia, still in the car, hears a couple of faint gunshots. Only Bugsy returns, muttering his mantra, "Twenty dwarves took turns doing handstands on the carpet." Virginia looks nervous. At a retirement party for one of the partners, Bugsy finds Joey Adonis and beats him almost to death over insulting Virginia when Adonis hit him. Esta finally realizes why Bugsy is spending so much time away, and demands that he ask for a divorce. Construction on the Flamingo begins, and costs skyrocket. Bugsy gets arrested for the murder of Harry Greenberg. He's held without bail, but is afforded many luxuries, like a butler and telephone, where he continues to organize the build. Virginia runs the construction onsite, and travels back to brief Bugsy in jail. Bugsy continues to make rash decisions, and costs escalate. Meyer tries to reason with him, telling him he can help with some of the costs, and Bugsy says he'll sell his shares of the casino, just to get it built. He sells everything he can to raise money. Bugsy is released (Ben had arranged for Mickey Cohen to send the cab driver witness out of town unharmed), and returns to Las Vegas. Cohen tells Bugsy that Virginia has been skimming money from him. One day Virginia sees Ben talking to a young woman about being a coat-check attendant and Virginia interprets his conversation as flirting. She rushes upstairs and the two have a loud argument. Virginia is fed up with Ben's grand scheming and has decided to leave him. During the argument, Ben confronts her about a private bank account she's taken out herself. More furious than ever, Virginia walks out on Ben. The mob meets in Havana, where Charlie Luciano lives in exile, to determine whether Bugsy knew about the skimming and about the inflated cost of the hotel, which is estimated to come in at at total cost of $6 million and will open on Christmas Day with several famous guests and a grand event to mark the occasion. Meyer defends him, but knows he'll have to handle Bugsy if the hotel fails. The hotel opens on Christmas, and is a failure. The night is severely stormy, water leaks in through the light fixtures, some of the more famous guests haven't shown up and the power goes out. Ben announces to the crowd that the hotel will be closed for an indeterminate period until it can be reopened. Meyer orders Bugsy to fly back to LA. Before he leaves, he talks to Meyer on the phone, asking Meyer to protect Virginia no matter what happens. He also tells Meyer never to sell his shares in the hotel because the place will one day pay off. Virginia returns before he leaves and gives him back some of the money she skimmed. He refuses to take the money but forgives her. He returns home, and is assassinated in his own living room by snipers. The mob takes over the Flamingo and tells Virginia that Bugsy is dead. Title cards before the final credits state that Virginia returned the money she skimmed to Meyer and committed suicide while living Austria. However, Bugsy's investment generated billions of dollars of revenue, and Las Vegas grew into a massive entertainment capital.
tt0076342
Biography,Drama,History
As the film opens in 1962, General Douglas MacArthur (Gregory Peck) is at West Point, his alma mater. MacArthur, ramrod straight, reviews the ranks of marching cadets before delivering his poignant, bittersweet, farewell address to the Corps. The action abruptly shifts back to the tunnels of Corregidor in early 1942, where MacArthur's besieged American and Filipino troops are desperately holding out against the victorious forces of Japan. The end is near. In Washington, General George Marshall and Admiral Ernest J. King are simultaneously delivering the grim news to President Roosevelt (Dan O'Herlihy). They discuss global priorities and admit that they can't hold the Philippines. Roosevelt reluctantly decides to order MacArthur off Corregidor, knowing that he will be furious. MacArthur is ordered to board a submarine and slip away to Australia, where he can organize ongoing resistance. But MacArthur refuses to sneak away from his beloved command traveling furtively beneath the waves. He insists on boarding a PT boat, and his family insists on accompanying him on the dangerous voyage. The Japanese navy has thrown a blockade around the islands, and the heavily armed PT boats would be no match for destroyers. The pair of PT boats manage to evade the Japanese pickets and floating mines, proving that the blockade can be circumvented. Eventually arriving in Melbourne, MacArthur discovers that there is no Philippine relief expedition being organized. He addresses the adoring Australian crowds, explaining that his first priority will be the recapture of the Philippines. But he soon learns that Bataan and Corregidor have fallen, leaving 70,000 of his starving men imprisoned under unimaginable conditions. MacArthur decides to mount the defense of Australia among the jungles of New Guinea, where the battle is fought under brutal circumstances. As a result, MacArthur develops his famous island hopping strategy, bypassing Japanese strongholds through the use of Allied naval and air superiority, cutting critical supply lines and starving the isolated Japanese strong points into submission. MacArthur also develops a well-earned reputation for dramatics, self-promotion and vanity. The Allies advance steadily up the Southwest Pacific island chain over the next two years, but not without tremendous bloodshed. Ordered to Honolulu in July 1944 to meet with President Roosevelt and Admirals Leahy and Nimitz, MacArthur upstages his naval rivals with a grandiose, belated arrival. His jealous, distrustful relationship with Roosevelt is apparent. The US Navy wants to bypass the Philippines and take Taiwan first. MacArthur makes an impassioned argument that to do so would be an indelible stain on American honor. He reminds them that numerous promises have been made to the loyal people of the Philippines, including by Roosevelt himself. In the end, MacArthur's view prevails. US forces come ashore at Leyte Gulf in October 1944. In an iconic scene, MacArthur insists on going ashore right behind the second wave of troops. He steps off the landing craft into knee-deep water, wading ashore as the cameras roll. On the beach, MacArthur addresses the Filipinos by radio, exhorting them to drive the Japanese occupiers out. As the battle rages, the General receives his fifth star. He is soon taken to a prison camp where many of the brutalized, emaciated survivors of Bataan and Corregidor have been held for more than two years. Many emotional reunions follow. Back home, President Roosevelt dies in the spring of 1945. Harry Truman succeeds him and authorizes the use of two atomic weapons to bring Japan to her knees. A furious MacArthur rails against this new, impersonal brand of warfare, realizing that an era has passed. Aboard the USS Missouri in Tokyo Bay, MacArthur presides over the solemn surrender ceremonies in September 1945. As Allied military governor of Japan, MacArthur institutes liberal social reforms and oversees the complete rebuilding and modernization of Japan. When the Russian military representative in Japan curtly informs MacArthur that Russia will soon commence an illegal occupation of Hokkaido Island, MacArthur just as curtly informs the Russian that the entire Soviet delegation will be thrown in jail. The occupation never occurs. MacArthur is given one last chance at military glory in June 1950 when Communist North Korean forces invade South Korea, moving swiftly and nearly pushing American and South Korean forces off the peninsula. MacArthur is appointed Supreme Commander of UN forces in Korea. He buys time until he can devise a brilliant but risk-laden amphibious landing behind North Korean lines at Inchon. The successful operation proves to be a stroke of genius. North Korean forces are virtually cut off from supplies and reinforcements and have to retreat northward in disarray. MacArthur then carries the fight into North Korea itself. Despite MacArthur's reassurances to the contrary, the Communist Chinese suddenly enter the war in huge numbers in order to bolster their sagging North Korean ally. UN forces are again pushed southward, incurring heavy casualties. MacArthur grows increasingly frustrated, chafing at political interference from Washington. Tensions between Truman and MacArthur boil over when MacArthur's insubordination in the face of direct orders threatens to undermine Truman's authority. After a stellar military career spanning more than a half-century, MacArthur is relieved of command. He returns to a hero's welcome in April 1951 while Truman's popularity plummets. MacArthur delivers a moving retirement address to a joint session of Congress. The movie then moves forward to 1962, and an increasingly frail Douglas MacArthur is bidding farewell to West Point. One last time he utters the famous words that were the hallmark of his career: Duty. Honor. Country.
tt1361843
Biography,Drama,History
This is the true Story of Alexander Pearce, an Irishman who was sentenced to forced labour on the island of Van Diemen's Land (Now Tasmania). The Film is initially about the brutality of this wild untamed wilderness for seven runaways. Van Diemen's Land appears to be a place bereft of any kind of life other than the escapees themselves. The cinematography captures a horrendously cruel wilderness. Initially on their escape from captivity, the convicts are able to sustain themselves upon small morsels of bread. After a short time, however their meagre food is totally exhausted; leading them to consider more drastic measures for their nutrition. Robert Greenhill (Played by Arthur Angel) plots to murder another of the escapees, Alexander Dalton (Mark Leonard Winter) and eat the meat from his corpse. This plan is not shared with the complete group however. The murder of Dalton is quite graphic and nothing at all is left to the imagination. On the completion of this vile act, the group - rather than rally around and agree that "needs must", become morally split. Two of the older members of the group are totally aghast at the measures that Greenhill and his lackeys are going to and they decide to make their own way, having refused to eat the new "feast" on offer. Anyway to cut a long story short - John Mathers (Torquil Neilson) is next for the chop when he starts to go mad. As the story progresses the madness intensifies and everyone remaining in the larger party becomes a target, culminating in the remaining two antagonists, Robert Greenhill and Alexander Pearce (Oscar Redding). As the film reaches its climax the coveted hatchet becomes the machine gun of its day. The wielder is the "boss" and holds sway over the other. Greenhill has the hatchet initially but the early bird catches the worm as they say and Pearce snatches it as the other man sleeps. Immediately Greenhill starts to wakefulness and blurts out - "Get it over with then" - Pearce obliges before hacking off a forearm and eating it raw. This is the end of the movie. Overall an excellent film and well made with wonderful shots of the landscape and the hardship endured. It isn't particularly one to watch with your girlfriend at Primetime on a Saturday evening though.....
tt0092804
Biography,Drama,History
Cry Freedom is the story of Donald Woods (Kevin Kline), editor of Daily Despatch, a liberal newspaper in East London, South Africa and his historic friendship with Steven Biko (Denzel Washington), one of the most respected freedom fighters of South Africa. The movie is set in South Africa under the apartheid regime. Woods does not appreciate the ideologies of Steve Biko and often publishes criticism against his views. But with time, he develops a liking for Biko's views and decides to meet him in person. This historic meeting leads to an instantaneous friendship and very soon, Woods' newspaper starts publishing pro-Biko articles regularly. This gets noticed and attracts the iron hand of the white supremist government and Woods is put under house arrest. Meanwhile Biko is also arrested and the torture that follows leads to his death in custody. Rebellion against the government breaks out in different parts of the country. Meanwhile Woods decides to tell the world about the ideologies of Steve Biko and the atrocities under the rule of the apartheid government. He successfully compiles a volume and prepares to get it published - but realises that this will not be possible sitting in South Africa. So he to plans an escape. The family splits up - Woods' wife and children plan a 'holiday' at his in-laws' place near the Lesotho border while Woods himself embarks on a hitchhike from East London to Maseru (capital of Lesotho). They face numerous obstacles en-route and come perilously close to getting caught by the authorities.
tt0074291
Biography,Drama,History
The film opens with a carnival in Venice as a prelude to a series of erotic encounters that follow Giacomo Casanova through the cities of 18th-century Europe. The organizers of the festival attempt to raise a gigantic bust from the water; this fails, which is taken as a bad omen. Casanova is then introduced, as he visits one of Venice's islands to copulate with a fake nun for the pleasure of a rich voyeur; Casanova succeeds in entertaining him, but is frustrated that the man finds no interest in his research into alchemy and his further scheming. As he rows back to the mainland, Casanova is arrested, judged and imprisoned by the High Court over his famed debauchery. During his time in prison, Casanova reminisces of his affairs with a dressmaker and later on with one of her junior employees, Anna Maria, who suffers from frequent fainting and requires constant bloodletting. He eventually consummates his desire for Anna Maria. Back in prison, Casanova escapes through the roof and exiles himself from Venice, being taken into the Paris court of Madame d'Urfé. The Madame, an aged woman, enthralled by Casanova's apparent knowledge of alchemy, wishes to transform her soul into a man's through ritualistic intercourse with him (an act that requires the presence of a younger woman in the room, so that Casanova can get aroused). Fortuitously, Casanova encounters his brother, whose girlfriend he entices away. Casanova then moves to the court of a hunchback, Du Bois, in between taking charge of a beautiful girl-"the love of his life"-Henriette. Du Bois puts on a homosexual theatrical performance for his guests that unsettles some of them; Casanova is brought to tears as Henriette plays some music. The lovers vow fidelity to each other, but the following morning Henriette has disappeared. Du Bois informs Casanova that an emissary of a far-away court has reclaimed Henriette, and she's left a request that Casanova not attempt to follow her. While in London, Casanova is robbed by two women and he attempts suicide by drowning himself in the Thames. A vision of a giantess and two dwarfs distracts him; he follows them to a frost fair, where he arm-wrestles the giantess-a princess-and later pays to watch her bathe with the dwarfs. Casanova resumes his travelling the following day. He attends a deranged party at Lord Talou's palace in Rome, where he wins a bet with a stagecoach driver, Righetto, over how many orgasms he can have in one hour. The competition brings him higher acclaim. In Switzerland he falls in love with an alchemist's daughter, Isabella, who fails to keep an appointment to go to Dresden with him; Casanova instead partakes in an orgy within the hostel he's been stranded in. In Dresden, he has a brief chance encounter with his estranged mother in a theater. He then moves to a court in Württemberg, where his desire to be taken seriously as a writer/inventor is frustrated by the court's orgiastic, wild nature. It is here that he meets Rosalba, a mechanical doll with whom he shares a dance and later on goes to bed with. Time goes by and an old Casanova finds himself librarian to Count Waldstein at his castle in Dux. Life at the castle is more than frustrating for Casanova, as he is made to eat with other servants and does not get the respect nor the food he claims to deserve. Waldstein's manservant, Faulkircher, and his lover Vidarol, make him an object of mockery and animosity. A portrait of him is hanged and defecated on. Later on, during a fervent poetry recital, a court member fails to suppress a giggle at Casanova, who, humiliated and disappointed, goes back up to his room. The final scene has a weary, bloodshot Casanova cringing in an armchair and recounting a recent dream. In this dream, Casanova is back in Venice. He catches a glimpse of the giant bust seen in the beginning of the film, buried under thick layers of ice in the lagoon. He chases the ghosts of his past lovers, all of whom disappear. An ornate stagecoach beckons him to join its passengers. He finally meets with Rosalba, the mechanical doll, once again. They quietly dance with each other.
tt2101314
Documentary,Biography
Anton Corbijn's prolific work has shaped the image of artists such as Joy Division, U2, Nirvana, Metalica, Depeche Mode or R.E.M. But what drives the photographer, filmmaker and video artist who has been hidden from the public for so long? INSIDE OUT explores Corbijn's persona, uncovering his motivation and inherent conflict as an artist, between audience's admiration and personal loneliness and the unique iconography he created. With critical and insightful interviews of artists like Bono, George Clooney, but most of all Corbijn himself, we follow him to his current and childhood homes and his places of work, studio and film set to reveal the portrait of one of the most significant artists of post-modern pop culture.
tt0469640
Biography,Drama,Fantasy
The gruesome tale of Countess Elizabeth Bathory, notorious yet obscure, has been recounted by historians, writers, poets, playwrights, musicians, painters, and moviemakers. Tradition has it that Countess Bathory was the greatest murderess in the history of humankind, as documented by her entry in the Guinness Book of Records.She tortured her victims, exclusively women, before killing them. She bathed in their blood, and tore the flesh from their bodies with her teeth while they were still alive. But is that really true? In four centuries, no historical document has been found to reveal what had exactly happened. The plot of the film diametrically opposes the established legend. [D-Man2010] Báthory is a European co-production film written and directed by the Slovak filmmaker Juraj Jakubisko. The filming started in December 2005, and the film was released in July 2008. This is Jakubisko's first English-language film.The film is based on the story of Elizabeth Báthory, a 16th/17th century Hungarian countess. Her story takes place in a part of the Kingdom of Hungary, now Slovakia. She is infamous for killing many young women because according to legend she thought that bathing in their blood would preserve her youth. Eventually the royal authorities investigated, and she was walled up in her castle, where she died three years later. [D-Man2010]
tt1408343
Documentary,Biography,Crime
Academy Award Winner Anthony Hopkins relates the previously untold story of a fearless American hero whose exploits are the stuff of legends. Hank was the last the fire breathing, "give 'em hell" crusading publishers, a P.R. man for Bugsy Siegel at the Flamingo, a convicted heavy arms runner to Palestine. Israeli President Simon Peres lauds his gunpoint heroics as being instrumental in Israel's war of Independence. Hank changed the face of politics in Nevada by challenging the McCarran political machine. Greenspun was the only journalist ever to publicly confront Sen. Joseph McCarthy and his hard hitting columns led to his indictment for inciting the murder of McCarthy. Hank brought Howard Hughes into Las Vegas to buy out the mob and his secret relationship with the billionaire led to a break-in at his Las Vegas Sun office by the Watergate burglars. Said Watergate counsel, Sam Dash: "There never would have been a Watergate scandal had it not been for the burglary at Hank Greenspun's office." He was a tireless fighter against nuclear testing, racial discrimination and political corruption. And on and on it goes. Where I Stand is the story of a man who was fearless in his life long pursuit of justice. Hank Greenspun was and remains an American icon.
tt1003113
Documentary,Biography,Romance
Yale-educated and born with a silver spoon in his mouth, Sam Wagstaffs transformation from innovative museum curator to Robert Mapplethorpes lover and patron is intensively probed in Black White + Gray. During the heady years of the 1970s and 1980s, the New York City art scene was abuzz with a new spirit, and Mapplethorpe would be at the center of it. Wagstaff pulled him from his suburban Queens existence, gave him a camera and brought him into this art world that seemed to be waiting for him, creating the man whose infamous images instilled emotions ranging from awe to anger. In turn, Mapplethorpe brought the formerly starched-shirt preppie to the world of drugs and gay S-and-M sex, well-documented in his still-startling photographs. Twenty five years separated the lovers, but their relationship was symbiotic to its core, and the two remained together forever. The film also explores the relationship both men had with musician/poet Patti Smith, whose 1975 debut album Horses catapulted her to fame. In the 1940s, Wagstaff had been a Navy Ensign serving off the coast of Normandy during the D-Day invasion of Omaha Beach. In the 1950s, Wagstaff was an advertising man, working for the storied Madison Avenue firm, Benton & Bowles. Wagstaff recognized the increasingly sexualized content of marketing and publicity campaigns of the period which hastened his own personal metamorphosis. A participant, as well as a catalyst of the period, Wagstaffs life intersected the cultural divides that characterized postwar Americathe Vietnam War and the 1969 Woodstock festival, for examplea moment tinged by conformity and later ruptured by rebellion and simultaneous revolutions in sexuality, politics, and art. Curators like Wagstaff and the Metropolitan Museums Henry Geldzahler, Andy Warhols aesthetic adviser, acted more like artists during this time. At Hartfords Wadsworth Atheneum and later the Detroit Institute of Arts, Wagstaffs exhibitions, such as Continuity and Change and Black, White and Gray garnered national attention. Wagstaff was among the first to recognize the oncoming collision of art and fashion, music and clublife and he was a champion of Minimalism, Andy Warhol, and a coterie of forward thinking artists like Tony Smith, Richard Tuttle, James Lee Byars, Agnes Martin, Michael Heizer, Ad Reinhardt, Frank Stella and Ray Johnson. The period was colored by club life, the emerging punk rock scene at CBGBs, Studio 54, and darker corners of lower Manhattan, like the Meat Packing District and the Chelsea Piers, where a teeming gay/SM demimonde was thriving. The film shows Wagstaff secretively transcending these various social strata, while Smith and Mapplethorpe edged toward notoriety and infamy with their respective work. Mapplethorpe, along with Andres Serrano and others, was at the center of a national debate about public arts funding at the National Endowment for the Arts or NEA. His work was labeled obscene by Senator Jesse Helmsa rallying cry for right-wing and evangelical conservatives attempting a stranglehold on the American electorate. In 1973, Wagstaff inherited many millions of dollars and his collecting mania for photography emerged precisely during this time. Photography had yet to be recognized for its commodity value and Wagstaff quickly became the most influential collector of the period, while cultivating and projecting an often intimidating, bad-boy image of himself. The film shows Wagstaffs full characterWagstaffs darker sides, his fallibility as well as his genius. The film dissects the most important acquisitions ever made in photography and how Wagstaffs collection of over 2,500 masterworks from both the nineteenth and twentieth centuries became part of the J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles. Although Wagstaffs collection sold for $5 million in 1984, some claim today its value may be ten times that sum in the present market for photographs. Wagstaffs story is one of personal transformationfrom conservative, starchy, Yale-educated preppy to downtown habitué, hipster and experimenter. Both he and Mapplethorpe enabled each other to discover different parts of themselvesboth men encouraged the other to mine new territory in the arts and in their personal lives as well. Wagstaffs death from AIDS, in 1987, and later Mapplethorpes, in 1989, marked the end of an era. Black White + Gray reveals the powerful troika these two men formed with Patti Smith, and the influence their collective work continues to have over present-day art and culture.
tt0329296
Documentary,Biography,Comedy
(Note: Some international versions entitle this show as "Parrot Sketch Not Included - 20 Years of Monty Python".) This program was a one-hour special produced and directed by Mark Redhead for Tiger Productions that gave a behind-the-scenes look at the Monty Python troupe, featuring interviews with the performers and highlights from the BBC TV series which ran from 1969 to 1974. It celebrated the 20th Anniversary of the show, and was made just after the tragic death of Graham Chapman. There was plenty of nostalgia when the five remaining members greet at the start of the programme with plenty of references to just "being natural" and to ignore the "fly on the wall" cameras capturing the footage. It leads with reactions to and memories of Python from US comedians Dan Aykroyd, Dudley Moore, Steve Martin and Chevy Chase, and then proceeds to mainly individual interviews of recollections with the Python members in different locations. Some of the topics were, naturally, linked with extracts from sketches from the show. Covering the history of the programme we turn to Barry Took who explains that after two episodes of "Marty" with Marty Feldman, the BBC asked him what was next. He explained he was looking to create an amalgamation of a show with some of the best writer-performers who were working at the time. Accordingly it portrayed footage from "Do Not Adjust your Set" and "At Last the 1948 Show" which included British comic stalwarts such as Ronnie Barker, Ronnie Corbett, Denise Coffey, Tim Brooke-Taylor and David Jason. Also involved in these two shows, of course, were the Pythons. The show's reaction from Americans is a subject covered at some length in the final third of the show, with vox populi from members of the "Monty Python US Fan Club" who actually "get" the show. All the Pythons reported that they were astounded to be treated like rock stars when they did the live shows at the Hollywood Bowl and the New York Civic Centre in 1982. The show concludes with a "what's next?" section. Following the movies "Holy Grail" (1975) and "Life of Brian" (1979), both regarded as masterpieces, the one additional movie they made as a team "The Meaning of Life" (1983) was, of course, probably the least critically acclaimed production. The entire team agreed they had major problems with the writing process. The consensus seemed to be that the entire team would not get back together, however they would all co-operate on various projects in pairs and trios.
tt0233687
Documentary,Biography
This was very fair and balanced portrayal of Tammy Faye and Jim Baker. They come across as decent but misguided people, who made some terrible mistakes in life. As their own Holy Jesus would say- "Let those amongst us without sin, cast the first stone." In retrospect, Jim and Tammy seem more worthy of respect than their con-man contemporaries from the 1970s/1980s and also the current crop of born-again crazies. They pulled off some outrageous stuff, and were over the edge in many respects, but I don't believe they actually willfully tried to swindle people and such. This documentary also provided some insight into how they themselves were conned, duped, burned, and swindled, by such "honest and respectable" Christians as Pat Robertson, Paul Crouch, and His Holiness, Jerry Falwell.
tt0113270
Documentary,Biography
Produced by Ed Wood's former business partner, "The Haunted World of Ed Wood, Jr" is a compilation of people who knew Ed Wood, either personally or prefessionally, discussing various elements of his personality. The interview segments are spliced with revealing clips from his films, including clips from: "Bride of the Atom", "Glen or Glena", and "Plan 9 From Outer Space". Different people being interviewed see Ed Wood from unique perspectives. These perspectives range from adoration, to contempt, to pity, to adulation. The interviews reveal as much about the cast as they do about Ed Wood. Also contains footage of Ed Wood's first TV commercial and unreleased short productions including "Crossroads of Lorado" and another 5 minute western origionally meant to be a home movie. In the end, this low-budget movie stays true to Ed Wood's heart, and gives a both a devoted fan or just a curious onlooker very personal insights into this complicated man.
tt0498366
Documentary,Biography,Comedy
The film begins with Reilly recounting his childhood and his parents in New York City and Connecticut. We meet his family an institutionalized father, a racist, baseball bat-wielding mother, and a lobotomized aunt, amongst others. Eugene ONeill would never get near this family, Reilly declares. Prior to being put into an institution, Reillys father, a Paramount Pictures poster artist and illustrator, was offered the chance to go into business with another illustrator with the intention of making their first animated film in color together. The catch was simply that the senior Mr. Reilly would have to move himself and his family to California. Perhaps a defining moment in young Reillys life, his father asked his mother her thoughts and she unceremoniously rejected the possibility. The other illustrator went West without the senior Mr. Reilly as a partner. That other illustrator was named Walt Disney. After the missed opportunity to partner with Walt Disney, Reilly's father began drinking heavily and eventually had a nervous breakdown. Upon being institutionalized, the senior Mr. Reillys family was forced to move out of the Bronx up to Connecticut to live with Mrs. Reillys family. When Reilly turned eighteen, he moved to New York City. If you wanted to be an actor in those days, he explains, You did something thats really unheard of today you studied." Young and hungry (literally), Reilly managed to find an acting class at HB Studios, which was rather liberal in its door policy and would let in aspiring actors even if they didnt have the money to pay. Reillys class was taught by a young, award-winning, soon-to-be-legendary actress, Uta Hagen. In the class were such future stars and notables as Steve McQueen, Jerry Stiller, Anne Meara, Hal Holbrook, Jason Robards, and Gene Hackman. It was a group of future Academy Award, Tony Award and Emmy Award winners, and, as Charles explains, We wanted to go on the stage, none of us had any money, and this entire list couldnt act for shit. It was about this time when a friend of Reilly's arranged a meeting with a powerful NBC executive. Reilly went in and was told, They dont let queers on television. In retrospect, Reilly describes it as, A short meeting. Despite the apparent prejudice against him, his talent and tenacity landed him on Broadway, winning his first Tony Award for his role in How To Succeed In Business Without Really Trying", as well as leading roles in the original Broadway casts of "Bye Bye Birdie" and "Hello, Dolly! (musical)". Reilly went on to become a fixture in television appearing in numerous episodes of Car 54, Where Are You?, The Ghost & Mrs. Muir (TV series), and starring in Lidsville. He also made hundreds of guest appearances on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson, second in number of appearances only to Bob Hope, and had a more recent memorable guest spot on The X-Files. Over the years, he developed a habit of looking through the weeks TV Guide to see how many times he would be on TV that week. Coming in at over a hundred separate appearances, he reflected on the NBC executive who told him he would not be allowed on television but now Reilly wondered, Who do I have to &!$# to get off?! Success came to Reillys professional life, and he has used all the knowledge and expertise he has gained through a lifetime spent acting to teach. His longtime friend Burt Reynolds gifted him a theater in which to teach the craft of acting, and it has fulfilled Reilly ever since. As we leave him in what he calls The twilight of an extraordinary life, we see a portrait of an artist, a victim of prejudice who rose above it, a trailblazing comedic personality, an entertainer, a son, a teacher, and a man laid bare for all to see.
tt0104597
Documentary,Biography
Katharine Hepburn talks about her life from the start, through all her film years, her relationship with Spencer Tracy, and what she does with her time currently.
tt1909270
Adventure,History
As part of the Willie Handcart Company, Levi Savage (Jasen Wade) feared that leaving late in the season would lead to despair and death. What he came to find out is that for every tragedy, there is a multitude of miracles. Levi Savage kept meticulous records as he made his journey west toward the Salt Lake Valley. Many of the unbelievable miracles showcased in 17 Miracles come directly from Levi's first hand journal entries. Based on unbelievable actual events, and brought to you by filmmaker T.C. Christensen (Praise to the Man, The Work and the Glory), 17 Miracles will open your eyes to the stories of the Mormon Pioneers as you have never seen them before. Something extraordinary is about to happen.
tt2103264
Drama,History,War
In the largely unexplored world of the early days of the American Occupation following Japan's catastrophic defeat, Emperor tells a fictionalized account based on the real life story of US Army Brigadier General Bonner Frank Fellers (Mathew Fox) who served under General Douglas MacArthur (Tommy Lee Jones). Fellers is given the impossible task to investigate the Emperor's role in the lead-up to war, most specifically his involvement in the decision to attack Pearl Harbor within ten days. This is a great responsibility to which Fellers, a known Japan aficionado who had spent time in Japan before the war, must handle delicately, or risk a general uprising or worse. He will question the accused Class -A War Criminals such as Wartime Prime Minister Hideki Tojo, Former Prime Minister Konoe, and Koichi Kido while confronting prejudice from a resentful populace and other American soldiers. Complicating this task is General Richter (Colin Moy) who is bent on derailing Fellers' investigation in order to justify revenge upon the Emperor. As Richter conveys the American Public's demand for revenge, "Revenge is not Justice" argues Fellers. To conduct his investigation, Fellers is assigned a staff and further assisted by Takahashi (Haneda Masayoshi) who is assigned to him as both interpreter and driver who serves diligently without reservation. Takahashi is initially treated with cold indifference by Fellers who is both under the strain of his investigation and his preoccupation with finding his pre-war love interest Aya Shimada (Hatsune Eriko) to which Fellers deliberately steered bombing missions away from her home, Richter will attempt to use this information against him. Post-War tensions, dramatic sets, period costume, and an all star international cast make Emperor a most revealing riveting drama of the Post-War Era.
tt0074899
Action,Drama,History
Six months after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, the U.S. Navy still has not fully recovered from the losses it suffered. In April of 1942 the US staged a desperate stopgap measure to bring pressure on Japan by launching Army bombers under the command of James Doolittle from the USS Hornet to bomb Tokyo and other cities. While the raid achieved relatively little in terms of damage, it has sent a wave of panic among Japanese leadership, and the commander of the Combined Fleet, Isoroku Yamamoto, sees it as opportunity to implement a planned attack on the island of Midway, near the Hawaiian Islands, a plan designed to bring out what is left of the US Pacific Fleet and finish it off before American industry (which has long scared Yamamoto given its greater strength over Japan's) can fully commit to rebuilding American strength. The proposed operation encounters resistance from Admiral Nobutake Kondo, who doesn't believe Vice Admiral Chuichi Nagumo can survive another attack by the First Air Fleet's carriers against a target certain to bring out land-based bombers. While the command corps of the Imperial Navy debates Yamamoto's plan, US Navy Captain Matthew Garth, a go-between for the Navy's Pacific command - aka CINCPAC - is consulting Navy intelligence chief Captain Joseph Rochefort, who spends his full time in a dank underground chamber decoding Japanese radio traffic with a staff of assistants. Rochefort has been getting some traffic about an area of interest to the Japanese known only as Objective AF. Garth, meanwhile, has a more personal issue to deal with, as his son, a Navy pilot, has fallen in love with a Japanese girl on Oahu, at the worst possible time given the wholesale internment of Japanese on American soil. Rochefort's codebreaking allows the Pacific Fleet to learn of a Japanese invasion force heading for Port Moresby. Two of the Fleet's four available carrier groups - the USS Lexington and Yorktown - are dispatched to the Coral Sea, where they engage two of the First Air Fleet's carriers, Division Five, the Shokaku and Zuikaku, and a smaller carrier. The Lexington is attacked by some two hundred Japanese planes and sunk, while the smaller Japanese carrier is sunk and some damage is wrought to the rest of Division Five. The Yorktown is also heavily damaged and some 100 US aircraft are lost. After the Yorktown returns to Pearl for repairs - a three-month job compressed to three days via 1,200 technicians working around the clock - Captain Garth and Joe Rochefort meet Admiral Chester Nimitz with after-action reports from Coral Sea. It is here that Rochefort broaches a theory that Objective AF in Japanese code traffic may be the Island of Midway, near Hawaii; Rochefort asks that a dummy message about a shortage of fresh water be sent from Midway in the clear. Deciding no harm can come of it, Nimitz has his aide LTC Earnest Blake have the message sent. Days later a transmission from the Japanese warbase on Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands is intercepted by Pearl and it confirms that AF is indeed Midway. Garth awakens Nimitz with the news. Meanwhile Yamamoto has laid out his plan - a Northern force is to invade several Aleutian Islands to draw US attention from Midway, where the First Air Fleet - now down to four carriers, the Akagi, Kaga, Soru, and Hiryu - will attack Midway; Admiral Kondo's invasion fleet will then occupy the island and the US will have no choice but to counterattack with their remaining carriers, under the presumed command of aggressive Admiral William F. Halsey. There is no concern for the understrength nature of the First Air Fleet given that Division Five was considered the weakest unit of the Imperial Navy's carrier force. Admiral Nagumo, though, does have some misgivings that the plan depends on the US reacting as expected. Nimitz meanwhile gets bad news - Halsey has been hospitalized and will not be available to defend Midway, so he hands command to one of his cruiser commanders, Raymond Spruance. Atop this, Nimitz has to deal with Vinton Maddox, a "scalp-hunter" from Washington who believes the Japanese are feeding radio traffic to deceive Hawaii into being outmaneuvered by a Japanese strike at Hawaii itself or even California. Captain Garth is assigned to the USS Yorktown, now operational despite Coral Sea damage, under Admiral Frank J. Fletcher, while Admiral Spruance commands the carriers Enterprise and Hornet. Also assigned to the Enterprise's air group is Matt's son, Tom, angry that his father tried to intervene on behalf of his girlfriend. In early June long range reconnaisance seaplanes spot the two Japanese armadas, and as expected Nagumo's air fleet attacks Midway, slaughtering the island's small group of fighters and strafing and bombing the area. Nagumo, though, has ordered scout planes to probe the area he expects American sea forces to be - northeast of Midway, as they indeed are. But a scout plane is late getting launched, a fateful delay when the Midway attack commences and returning aircraft arrive to the fleet almost out of fuel and some sustaining damage - just as the tardy scout plane picks up the US fleet and Nagumo's assistant Admiral Tamon Yamaguchi recommends an immediate attack on the US force even with aircraft not properly armed for anti-ship action. The Midway attack has brought out the air armadas of the three US carriers, but attack by torpedo planes is intercepted by Japanese fighters; Group Eight from the USS Hornet is massacred and only Ensign George Gay survives, while Group's Six and Three achieve no success either; Tom Garth and other fighter pilots do succeed in shooting down several enemy fighters but Tom's plane is pierced by fire and the cockpit blows up in flame, severely injuring Tom. Amid the martyrdom of the Torpedo Groups, Raymond Massey and Max Leslie of the Enterprise and Yorktown's dive bomber squadrons reach the enemy force just as Nagumo has begun to launch his planned attack on the US fleet; caught completely by surprise, the Japanese carriers are pummeled by dive bombers and their flight decks, stacked with launching aircraft and bombs carelessly stacked aside, are ripped to shreds. Within a minute or so, the Akagi, Kaga, and Soryu are shredded and left in flame, with only Tamon Yamaguchi and the Hiryu left to attack the USS Yorktown.
tt1438216
Drama,History
Oranges and Sunshine tells the story of Nottingham social worker Margaret Humphreys, who uncovered one of the most significant social scandals in recent history: the forced migration of children from the United Kingdom. Almost singlehandedly, against overwhelming odds and with little regard for her own well-being, Humphreys reunited thousands of families, brought authorities to account, and turned worldwide attention to an extraordinary miscarriage of justice. She discovered a secret that the British government had kept hidden for years: 130,000 children in care had been sent abroad to commonwealth countries, mainly Australia. Children as young as four had been told that their parents were dead, and been sent to group homes on the other side of the globe, where many were subjected to appalling abuse. They were promised "oranges and sunshine"; they got hard labour and life in institutions.
tt1217616
Drama,History
Vantage Point director Pete Travis turns his attention from high-profile political assassinations to the high-risk talks that ushered in the end of apartheid while securing the release of Nelson Mandela in this historical drama Read More...starring William Hurt, Chiwetel Ejiofer, Mark Strong, and Johnny Lee Miller. The time is the late 1980s, a crucial period in the history of South Africa. President P.W. Botha is hanging onto power by a thread as the African National Congress (ANC) takes up arms against apartheid and the country tumbles towards insurrection. A British mining concern called Consolidated Gold is convinced that their interests would be better served in a stable South Africa, and quietly dispatches Michael Young, their head of public affairs, to open an unofficial dialogue between the bitter rivals. Assembling a reluctant yet brilliant team to pave the way to reconciliation by confronting obstacles that initially seem insurmountable, Young places his trust in ANC leader Thabo Mbeki and Afrikaner philosophy professor Willie Esterhuyse. It is their empathy that will ultimately serve as the catalyst for change by proving more powerful than the terrorist bombs that threaten to disrupt the peaceful dialogue. As the story shifts between Mandela's jail cell, Botha's chambers, ANC headquarters, and a rented car occupied by a British bureaucrat, the prospect for peace becomes more than just a distant hope.
tt0093509
Drama,History
This film is about the miners in Mingo County, West Virginia, who worked in the coal mine just outside the town of Matewan (pronounced MAY-TWAN.) The story opens with the voice of a narrator, who turns out to be one of the characters, young Danny (Will Oldham), who is looking back on this time of conflict in Matewan. The main points of view are those of Danny and Joe Kenehan (Chris Cooper). A labor organizer (and self-described "Red"), Kenehan, arrives in the town just as black and Italian "scabs" are being brought to replace striking coal miners who are fed up with the mining corporation's manipulation of the per-ton price of coal (At the film's outset, the price-per-ton is 90 cents.) Eventually, the scabs stop working, too, and join Kenehan's effort to unionize the miners. White, black and Italian workers overcome their ethic and National prejudices in order to organize themselves against the powerful mining corporation which has hired seven armed agents from Baldwin-Felts Detective Agency. These strike-breakers are sent to quell the coal miners' unionizing efforts. The most sinister of these corporate-hired thugs, Hickey (Kevin Tighe), evicts impoverished mining families from their homes, bribes and threatens Mayor Cabell Testerman (Josh Mostel) and Sheriff Sid Hatfield (David Strathairn) of Matewan, and creates terrible tension between the miners and those trying to lead the unionization efforts. The worst problems arise when an agent provocateur, C. E. Lively (Bob Gunton), infiltrates the group of miners and incites then to violence against the corporate representatives. The final result is a massacre from which no one emerges unscathed. This film is based on solid historical events in West Virginia coal mining country, variously known as the "Matewan Massacre" or the "Battle of Matewan," and dramatizes for both adults and young people the sacrifices made by American laborers as they fought for unionization and, ultimately, for the power to collective bargain. The acting is excellent and the characters are well-developed. The movie was written and directed by John Sayles who, ironically, plays a small part as an anti-union fanatical evangelical hardshell preacher in the community of Matewan.
tt1541995
Drama,History
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan, directed by Wayne Wang and takes place in the 19th century, has parallel time periods and there is around four or so time periods. First off there is these two girls, one of wealth and one of poverty, these girls are Snow Flower, who is of wealth, and Lily, who is of poverty. These girls have been born on the same day and in the same year. In present day there is two descendants of these girls and of the same class as their ancestors. Nina and Sophia are these other girls. In both time periods the two sets of girls have become laotongs, or old sames and in this bond between sisters they to learn this secret language of the women or nu shu. Nina and Sophia have not learned nor had the care to learn this language. In either time period the girls get separated, find love, are forbidden to see one another, and somehow they have kept the bond between them both. Sophia has the ancient fans of their ancestors and Nina finds them or well some of them. Nina also finds a book Sophia has been writing about their ancestors and that is how the story of Snow Flower and Lily come alive. Snow Flower has been away from her wealth because her father has wasted the money on a drug for a pipe he has been smoking. Snow Flower married a butcher and Lily had married a wealthy man. So they got switched in their classes. Sophia had been hit by a car in the beginning and had not woke until the end. Snow Flower dies near the end also. Plus the beginning is just like the ending... Looking at the changing world and how fast it goes by us.
tt0496634
Biography,Drama,History
The Hungarian Countess Elizabeth Bathory, wife of General Ferencz Nasady. They lived in the Carpathian mountains in the early 1600's. Elizabeth was convinced that drinking and bathing in the blood of young virgins would preserve her beauty. Her small army of henchmen roamed the countryside, kidnapping unfortunate girls who were then killed and drained of their blood in Elizbeth's castle. Convicted in 1611 of murdering at least 50 girls, Bathory was sealed in a room, fed through a hole in the door and lasted 4 years before dying.
tt1469387
Adventure,Drama,History
1970 was a year of great change in our world. Stories had to be told, but not all stories had an ending , which is why The Road To Freedom is a legend. Two young photo-journalists, Sean a worldly movie star and Dana, his small town partner set out for the story that will bring them fame and most importantly respect in the journalism field. Deep into the dark Cambodian jungle they journey to find the facts pulled from the horror stories of the atrocities committed by the Khmer Rouge. The darkness swallowed them, never to be seen again and the legend was born. Like ghosts, the two men have become stories told around the campfire, but the facts are still out there, deep in the darkest heart of man and only The Road To Freedom can carry the truth to the light.
tt1260680
Action,Drama,History
June 5th, 1944... A secret mission is launched prior to the D-Day Invasion. A small elite group of American paratroopers drop behind enemy lines and land right in the lap of the German Infantry. They are outnumbered, unsupported, and racing against the clock. Their sole duty is to stay alive long enough in order to find a strategic location and set up the Top Secret Navigation Equipment needed to guide in the main airborne assault on D-Day. Failure means the lives of thousands. This elite group of American paratroopers is a mix of renegades from different military units. They are strangers to one another, thrown together at the last minute, with no time to prepare and with two different Commanding Officers. This is a recipe for disaster. It is a violation of all the rules of warfare and only a miracle is going to make this mission work. Based on actual events. This untold story of these men, their mission and the facts behind it, has remained hidden for over 60 years.
tt1096997
Fantasy,History,Romance
THE LEGEND OF LIBUSSA SYNOPSIS Card: 1: KROK Sweat runs down the face of the dying old tribe leader and landowner KROK (IVO NOVAK), know in the legends of old Bohemia as King Krok, a man of wisdom and knowledge of magic. TITLE: Bohemia, 700 A.D. A full moon shines through the stone arch window. Insects buzz around a single torch over Kroks bed. A huge moth scorches its wings on the flame. Kroks three beautiful daughters stand next to his bed. He is dying from a deadly plague that has spread throughout the land. Semi-conscious, he speaks of his fondness for each of the princesses, introducing them to us, as he teeters on the brink of death. KAZI (VERONIKA BELLOVA), the eldest sister, is a healer and student of nature. TETA (VERA FILATOVA) is Kroks high priestess, burning juniper, thyme, marjoram and crocus by his bedside in a ritual to ward off evil spirits. But the apple of Kroks eye, LIBUSSA (WINTER AVE ZOLI), is the most beautiful of all, with great imagination, wisdom beyond her years and the potential to do truly great things in this world. What Krok has accomplished is only a start, and he predicts that Libussa will go on to do much more. He praises Libussas vision how to improve the life of the people and her imagination to make his (and her) ideas reality. For this she is known to her people as a seer with the gift of prophesy. Krok knows that his time has come, and ask Kazi for a special potion to ease the pain of his agony. The sisters are shocked to hear that the end has finally come, and that Krok has given up, but Kazi agrees. She requires the herb nightshade, a poisonous plant, and which blooms at night. Kazi is going to send one of her maiden but Libussa volunteers to go, being lighter of foot and more learned in the ways of natural medicine than any of their maiden. She says that she has seen the herb, and knows where to find it. The warrior girl WLASCA (LEA MORNAR) offers to come, to ride with her, but Libussa says that the banks of the river are too steep for Wlascas horse and that she will be fine on foot. We see from their exchange that her and Wlasca have a bond as best friends. Krok whispers to Libussa before she goes, tells her to take care in that forest, that you never know what might be lurking behind the next tree. She nods, squeezes his hand and sets off to find the herbs. Libussa runs along the rivers bank, lightfooted but anxious, her fathers old adage about taking care in the forest still ringing in her ears. In the woods behind her, shapes of monstrous animal faces seem to peer out through the trees, lurking there, watching her. It is dark and gusty, and rain begins to pelt down. She finds a patch of the wild flowers for which she is searching, and bends down to pick them. A gentle melody seems to float up from the river, and she takes note for only a moment before returning to her task. The rain drenches her as she gathers the flora. Her satchel full of flowers, Libussa turns to hurry back to her fathers aid. The clouds part slightly. Suddenly a huge dark form rears up on the bank behind her and lets out a deafening roar. Libussa looks up in terror at the burning eyes and huge teeth, luminous in the moonlight. The bear swipes at her with an open paw, knocking her sideways onto her hands. Libussa scrambles backwards, stunned, slipping on the shale of the bank as the bear closes in for the kill. Libussa, gathering her senses, looks around for an escape. She has only seconds. The river, pock marked by droplets of rain, shimmers beautifully in the moonlight as it gurgles through a series of rapids. The bear swipes again, and Libussa shows her grace and dexterity as she springs backwards and dives into the weaving river waters. Now she is gasping for breath, trying to control her body in the wild eddies of the rapids, as the river carries her away. The silhouette of the bear roars after her from the bank. She turns to see where she is being taken, but a boulder looms out of the darkness and she collides with it, then another. The sound of Libussas mothers voice appears as a song drifts along through the choppy waters. Libussa gasps for air again, then blacks out as she travels further downstream. A montage intercutting: Krok lies semi-conscious, in the throes of agony as a new day dawns. Early in the morning, Libussa is found by young PREMYSL (CSABA LUCAS), unclear in the morning mist, but naked and of god like beauty, as he bathes in the river. Between their tears, Teta and Kazi look around concerned, wondering what has happened to Libussa. The dark figure of Premysl lifts Libussas exhausted form from the riverbank. A mare whinnies and kicks as she labours to deliver a foal. By a crackling fire in his hut, Premysl tends to the gash on Libussas forehead. The foal arrives. Krok dies as the sun rises. Libussa is in the river again, gasping for air her dreams mixing with real images. CUT TO: Libussa gasps for air as the foal licks her face. She comes to and blinks, but realizing she is warm and comfortable, as if waking from a long sleep, she squints up at Premysl with a smile, an unspoken familiarity. They have an instant rapport. Premysl has an undeniable charm, and tells her how he found her and carried her home and dressed her in his sisters clothes. Libussa is a little embarrassed but carries herself with a regal dignity, and the two flirt a little. Premysl tries to guess what noble house Libussa belongs to, but it is immediately clear he has an unconventional, irreverent approach to ideas of status and power, and can take it or leave it (ie. his own self-esteem is steady enough to live without the need of a title or wealth to display his worth to the world). Libussa is obviously impressed and intrigued by this. She asks what he will name the foal. Premysl notes that the foal is only a mousy infant now, but someday he will grow to be a great stallion, and declares that he will name it Krok, in honour of their great leader who only the night previous has passed away. Libussa remembers the river, and then suddenly her father, and her mission to gather herbs. She bolts from the bed, and asks for her satchel, but it has been lost in the river. Premysl offers to escort her home, but she simply asks him to point her towards the river. He points to one wall of the small shack and Libussa sprints out the door before he can say any more. From the claustrophobic interior of Premysls shack, we cut to the wide vistas of the Bohemian countryside as Libussa makes her way back to the castle. She passes a herald who announces the news from a royal proclamation. All around her, the people weep openly as they mourn the departure of their great leader. Card: 2: LIBUSSA Libussa returns to her fathers castle in the evening. She passes the lines of grieving Slavs: the wealthy farmers and bravest warriors stand next to simple folks and the familys servants. They all wait outside the castle in the courtyard as well as inside the castle up the staircase and in the hallway outside Kroks room. Entering the room she discovers that Krok has died a drawn out and painful death. Her sisters sit around the body still on the bed. They cannot believe that she failed to return with the necessary herbs. Libussa is heartbroken and racked with guilt. She kneels by Kroks body, as the ritual of preparing the dead starts. Before the body is carried away (or while) Libussa speaks to him, perhaps of old times, perhaps of what she sees in the future, or of the advice that he once gave her. We see from this scene how special Libussa is and how the weight of destiny rests on her shoulders. The next night all the tribe leaders gather around a burned down oak tree which is known as Kroks oak to decide on the succession of Krok. The lands are in danger from two sides: there is a deadly plague, which has ravaged the land and has taken Krok, and there are the terrifying Avaren, a tribe from the North who have begun to stage raids on their villages and who are pushing south. Now that Krok has died the tribe leaders consider electing a new leader to lead them against these two dangers. Libussa learns that before he died, Krok told the sisters that he had suggested to the tribal leaders to choose Libussa as his successor, that she would be the most suitable to rule in his place, being the closest to the people, and that only she has the imagination and strength of will to. Krok asked the sisters to accept his decision gracefully, to protect and help Libussa in her new position as Queen. Teta remains the high priestess, but Kazi, as the eldest sister and a great student of medicine, is distressed by her fathers choice to exclude her from the future of the state, especially when the first duty of the new Queen would be to tackle the plague. Kazi confronts Libussa angrily. Kazi questions why Libussa was always Kroks favourite, and wonders what she herself did wrong to be overlooked. After a debate during which different point of views are being pronounced and Libussas virtues are being laid out, the tribal leaders ask Libussa to succeed Krok. Amongst them, two younger and more ambitious nobles, Wrschowetz (MAREK VASUT) and Domaslaus (PAVEL KRIZ). Libussa tries to calm the situation by only accepting on condition that she gives the forest to Kazi, and the mountains to Teta. Still feeling guilty about the painful demise of her father, Libussa resolves to attack her new role with determined resolve and to lead by Kroks example of wisdom and fairness. The tribal leaders agree to pledge their allegiance to her. Libussa sits with her fathers body alone, speaking to him, paying her last respects, before a great funeral and coronation scene in the presence of all the tribal leaders, showing in great detail how these rituals were conducted. Libussa, as the new queen, lights the pyre in the ceremony, a symbolic and difficult moment for her. Libussa begins her reign and is overwhelmed by the sheer volume of work in governing this fledgling state. In her quest to wipe out the plague, she tries to persuade Kazi to help, but Kazi is still sore at Kroks decision to back Libussa for the throne, and is only half helpful, stating that the people are selfish and ungrateful, and will never appreciate what Libussa will do for them. She has never been a great believer in the way men organize their society, and she is wondering if she should instead concentrate on caring for the animals of the forest. Kazi retreats to her forest castle to continue her study of the green earth, becoming a little obsessive about nature in the process. The foal is a year old now we open on it as Premysl leads it on a rope. On the first anniversary of Kroks death, Libussa holds court under the burnt out oak, carrying on the tradition of her father in settling disputes of the land. She is now settled into her new role as Queen. Wrschowetz and Domaslaus compete for Libussas favour but she is not interested in marrying either of them. She gives them an apple and tells them to share it but not to divide it, knowing that the riddle of the apple will tie the two men up and give her a chance to put off their demands that she take a husband. Premysl watches everything from amongst the gathered farmers and merchants, now understanding the identity of the maiden he rescued from the river, and realizing the sheer impossibility of becoming her husband when there is such a class divide between them. He steps forward to gift her the white yearling Krok, causing her to think of him again. He promises that the yearling will grow to be the finest stallion in the land, and she gifts him something in return. Premysl comes across Wrschowetz and Domaslaus as he leaves the court. They are in utter confusion over the apple. He manages to con it from them and eats it as he leaves. Arriving on his grounds he plants the core of the apple, which will later grow into a tree and solve the riddle: being cut in two yet stays one. Wlasca arrives on a huge horse and cuts a really powerful figure as she rides into the clearing. She is there to accompany Libussa from the spring onto her next destination; to relieve a plague-ridden village which has been attacked by the Avaren. On the way to the village, Libussa talks to one of her maiden, Stratka, who always attracts a lot of attention at court due to her extraordinary beauty. Stratka is quite enamoured with Domoslaus and Libussa thinks they might make a handsome couple, if Domoslaus can be persuaded to give up his dream of marrying into power. Suddenly, Libussas convoy is attacked by a skirmishing party of Avaren fighters. The Avars are a tribe from deep in the forest, and are truly terrible, dressed entirely differently than the Slavs, fierce and bloodthirsty. Wlasca shows her determination to protect Libussa in leading a small royal guard to victory and personally saving Libussa from the axe of the Avaren leader, (who is merely a teenage son of an Avaren chieftan who has set out to prove himself against the Slavs). Wlasca kills the boy, but sustains an almost fatal blow to the head as she does so. There is quite a scene of carnage in the aftermath. Many members of Libussas party have been slain, and as they pack up to leave, Stratka is discovered nearby, her clothing torn to shreds and her throat cut, left for dead. Libussa shows herself to be a great leader by picking up after the battle and then carrying on to the village to ensure the chieftains loyalty remains unwavering. As a reward for her valour, Libussa makes Wlasca the head of the army, which she is creating in response to the growing problem of Avaren raids. Some years go by as Libussa devotes every waking hour to fighting disease (burning entire villages, etc. re-housing the refugees) and striving to better the lot of her people, all the time dreaming of Premysl but never finding the opportunity to re-establish contact. She ends up gaining a great mastery of medicine herself through her trials and tribulations of fighting the plague. Somewhere, maybe here, maybe throughout it would be good to show Libussas philosophy of life which is a carpe diem, non religious focus on the life on earth. This shows in different ways: - the way she cares about her people and tries to improve life - the way she enjoys life and her own sensuality - the way she believes in personal freedom versus serfdom and a hierarchic structure of society suggested by the tribe leaders and later adapted by Premysl. The entire concept of aristocracy is based on the belief that we all have to play a role in life which cannot be altered (the king stays king, the beggar stays a beggar) under the will of God. The great reward is supposed to come later in the afterlife. Libussa does not care for this concept but wants everyone to be happy on earth. - her melancholy is linked to the lack of religious belief. Because everything is mortal and definite there is a feeling of tragedy and doom of everything. A Christian traveler/missionary arrives in Bohemia, a singer with a lute from Byzanz. Everybody likes him because of his music. He shows some foreign goods to the people and Libussa likes to have him around, as he brings something worldly to her court. He is one of the only characters who can read or write, and he begins to make an account of Libussas reign. He decides to live in on top of a rocky mountain in the forest close to God. One night, Libussa talks with Wlasca in her secret gardens, discussing her plight, as her maidens wait nearby. Stratka is there a huge scar across her neck silent and disturbed. Wlasca asks Libussa if she ever feels lonely, and wonders why Libussa hasnt taken a husband. Libussa is still the same mellow, life-loving free spirit that she has always been, but she explains that her position has made her feel distant from her people and men are scared to desire her or even approach her as anything other than their queen the only ones who will are those arrogant enough to do so, and she is not turned on by arrogance. There is a sense of closeness between them here, as if Wlasca perhaps has feelings for Libussa and is gently probing the condition of her heart. Libussa then bursts Wlascas bubble by telling her that there is a man who she dreams of, and how she thinks only of him through her long days on the throne. But she darent say who he is, because they can never be together, and for his name to be known would only make her frustration more unbearable, and their eventual union more unlikely still. Libussa misses the promiscuity of her youth, and longs for a day when she can take whatever man she desires to her bed without fearing the consequences. One day at the stream she is thinking of Krok and her mother, she tells the story of her origin to someone, maybe the Christian, who is also shown during Libussas tale later in his enclave writing the story down. The story goes that Krok saved an old oak tree from being cut down by the fist Slavic settlers he was part of. The reason was that he had fallen in love with Nive, a tree elf who inhabited the oak. The tree elf became his wife and mother to his three daughters. Unfortunately the oak was destroyed by the will of the Gods one night with lightning and the tears of the elf became the river whos source sprang from underneath the burned down tree stump. Nive, Libussas mother had transformed into the river itself. After completing her tale Libussa sees something glinting on the riverbed. On closer inspection, she finds it to be gold. She turns and looks up the mountain, the glinting silver reflected in the inspired glint in her eye. Libussa digs the first tunnel and founds mining. We see her in the darkness of a tunnel, a torch in her hand, in the middle of children workers, used because of their small size, like an angel in the underworld. Card: 3: TETA Now mountains are being torn asunder to find silver, gold and metal ores, and Teta mourns the loss of the mountains precious treasures, which she believes make the mountains sacred places, as they were gifted such treasures by the Gods and buried so that man will not meddle with them. She takes exception to mans greed the mineral wealth is finite wealth and she contests that spiritual wealth from a life of prayer and simplicity, is eternal. But Libussa cannot listen when there are such obvious tangible benefits for her people, and mining continues to flourish, unabated. Being at heart a fun-lovin girl, and pining for her ideal man, and after getting some of the angst off her chest in talking to Wlasca, Libussa eventually cracks, needs an escape, and rides out on the white horse Krok (now grown into an impressive young stallion), under cover of darkness. She gallops across the land, the mythical figure of a cloaked lady on a white horse, until she arrives at Premysls humble abode and Premysl is stunned to see her (and impressed by how his stallion, Krok, has matured). Her return to him is with the express purpose of seducing him, as she has dreamt of since she first met him. A passionate affair begins through a time when Libussas huge responsibilities and obligations are made bearable by her growing bond with Premysl. There is a full moon on the night Libussa first visits Premysl and she promises that no matter how pressing her official duties become, she will always come to him when the moon is full in the sky. We see many moons pass where she rides out to see him, and a guard on the castle wall watching her go. Libussa often talks of a city that will cover all the ground between village a and village b and across the river to village c. She is looking out over thousands of acres of forest, and seems quite mad to imagine such change, but she has seen the value of mining and how it can help build her state and enrich her people, and kick started this, so her visions are now carefully considered by those around her. As she becomes so taken with nation-building, she begins to neglect Premysl. At one full moon, we see a lonely Premysl standing outside his hut alone, watching the night sky, no sign of Libussa on the road. At court, Wrschowetz and Domoslaus are still adamant that a man should lead, unhappy with Libussas governance (her disinterest in exerting military might on their neighbours, etc.) and always offering to to join her side and take a more forceful control of the affairs of state. They make their cases for their own candidacy, but Libussa asks them for the apple, and they do not have it, as they had not understood the purpose of her test. Wrschowetz realizes he will never win her heart ands starts to think about other options how to elevate himself to power. Libussa starts a large treasure (like the Nibelungen treasure), which she hoards under her castle protected by the river Moldau in a secret chamber in the rock, as something she will one day use to save her people. As her desire for gold and the stability of wealth starts to dominate her she looses her abilities to do magic, receive visions and talk to her mother (the river). On a few occasions we see the guard on the battlements under the full moon, some armored horsemen in a shady grove, horses champing impatiently and Premysl standing outside his hut, watching the road, as if something springloaded is waiting to happen next time she goes to visit. Premysl is feeling neglected - Libussa is dreaming of mining and founding cities and building a utopia, and Premysl thinks that she allows the chieftains to ask too much of her, that she is too nice to them, and that to create a successful state she should be tougher, and make them pay more taxes, and rule with an iron fist (so we set up their conflicting political ideologies) and spend more time with her love and her own life, as her sisters chose to. She hasnt seen Premysl in a while, and under pressure from her official duties, and noticing the full moon one night she rides out to see him, although she knows she is more likely to get an earful for taking him for granted as she does, leaving him waiting for months on end until she feels the need for his company. Wlasca who knows from Libussa about the affair with Premysl starts to worry about how that affair develops and decides to keep a keen eye on it. One night she learns from the stable boy that Wroschowetz knows about the affair and the excursions under the full moon and that an attack on Libussa during these excursions is immanent. Libussa rides out on her white horse. In the yard, the stable boy hands Wlasca the reigns to her own horse (which has to be black!). Libussa, unarmed, is suddenly aware of four horsemen charging up behind her as she crosses the countryside. She digs her heels in and gallops away with them in hot pursuit. She reaches the clearing of Premysls home, on the edge of a town, and her horse rears up as the attackers surround her and try to come at her from different sides, the white horse Krok keeping them at bay. As one attacker looks like he is going to get a stab on target, Wlasca arrives, rushing from the darkness and almost taking his head clean off with a heavy mace. Two of the remaining attackers turn to fight her while one drives his spear into Libussas horse. Libussa struggles to control the horse. The attacker draws a sword and closes in on her. He swipes, she dodges but the horse rears up again and she falls off, banging her head. Meanwhile, Wlasca fights the other two horsemen, showing her prowess. One slashes her shoulder before she knocks him from his horse. She smashes the other attackers helmet and as she is about to finish him off, she looks up and sees Libussa, semi conscious on the ground, cornered by her assassin, as he raises a sword to finish her. With a mighty throw, Wlasca flings her mace across the clearing and kills Libussas attacker. It is a valiant act of heroism she leaves herself defenceless and as she turns back to the last horseman she was about to finish off, she realizes he has recovered. He leaps from his horse and tackles her to the ground, where they roll off the road into a watery ditch. This is a real mans fight now, and the assassin punches Wlasca relentlessly in the face, then choking her, holds her face under the water. She is too weak to escape, and flails desperately. Suddenly Premysl charges off the road and pulls the man off Wlasca, throws him against a tree. The man turns and raises a dagger, and Premysl runs him through with his sword without a seconds thought. We see his face clearly it is Wrschowetz. Voices from other farms nearby are approaching, carrying torches. Premysl looks down at Wlasca for a moment, then runs to tend to Libussa. He passes the attacker who Wlasca first knocked off his horse, who jumps back on his steed and rides away before he can be found out. Libussa stands, still disorientated, and grabs the reigns of her horse. She sees the people coming. Premysl, although somewhat distant from Libussa as he doesnt see her as often as he once did, asks if she is hurt, but she is queen and has to leave before the others arrive. She asks if Wlasca is okay. He says she will live and Libussa asks Premysl to look after Wlasca. She rides away and Premysl is left to nurse Wlasca and be seduced in the process of course Libussa does not venture to see Premysl after this traumatic incident, and Premysl feels that she has drifted from him by now, and Wlasca has ample time to fall in love with Premysl as he takes care of her. Libussa returns to court and is now faced with an unsolvable dispute between a handsome young farmer, who has returned from fighting the Avars to find his land ruined by pollution from a nearby mine, and the miners. The young farmer is charged with murdering one of the miners, and Libussa rules in favour of the young farmer, setting him free. She sends the miners home, telling them that they have got what they deserved for polluting the land. Now wealthy interests in the land turn against Libussa and the angry miners call for a king to resolve the dispute fairly. Leaving the court enraged, the miners start a local land war between miners and farmers and now there are calls for an army to keep the peace. Domoslaus is one of the troublemakers at court of course, calling for a king while at the same time presenting himself as the perfect candidate. Libussa is almost totally alone now, and she begins to show signs of growing paranoia. Between this trouble and the ease with which her would-be assassins have attacked, the tribal chieftains insist that Libussa find a man to join her in ruling, and commanding the army, which is now necessary not only to fight the Avaren but to enfore the law between farmers and miners. As the conflict gets out of hand, Libussa is forced by the assembly to agree to take a king. She makes her speech about how they will all lose the freedom and peace they enjoyed under a woman. Card: 4: PREMYSL Wlasca has long encouraged Libussa to resist the voices of men and continue to rule as she believed was right, but Wlasca is curiously absent in Libusssas hour of need, and Libussa finally decides that although the nobility would never accept a peasant as ruler, the people would. The only way to convince the nobility to accept this popular choice is by making them believe the peasant is somehow divinely appointed. She tried for many years to dream up a way of promoting Premysl to the rank where she might be able to marry him, and other schemes that might bring them together, but always gave up. Now she offers to tell the tribal leaders and nobles who might join her in power when they cannot decide on a candidate to impose upon her, and they are eager to hear her suggestions. After much consideration, understanding the power of enigma, etc. Libussa contrives her riddle and sends a party to find the man eating at his iron table. At first, the leaders are unimpressed and a little sceptical - she adds the horse as a last minute closer, literally thinks of him mid act and this is the thing that seals the deal as suddenly the leaders, etc. must sit up and take notice a great white horse named Krok somehow guided by a greater power! She sends the horse to find Premysl. The departing envoy from Libussas castle is connected to their arrival at Premysls farm by Premysls daydream. He is sitting on his plough, eating his lunch, imagining Libussa with her arms by her side allowing the horse to bring her back to him, and moments later he looks up and the delegation arrives. Wlasca sleeps in Premysls bed. She wakes to hear the conversation between the delegation and Premysl, and when he steps inside his hut whilst preparing to leave, she knows what has happened. They dont speak and he just leaves without another word. He sticks the rod/staff in the ground, and we can show in a simple shot, as the delegation departs for Libussas court, how the rod has blossomed. The two marry in front of the Oak tree and all the tribe leaders swear their obedience under the new ruler. This is the beginning of the first dynasty of Bohemian history. When Wlasca arrives back at Libussas court, she disguises her reaction to the news of the marriage as if it is disgust that the throne will return to the control of a man, and not that Premysl has turned his back on her. Wlasca is heartbroken and bitter. Wlasca and her maiden retreat to the mountains, where she begins to build support for a woman to return to power. Libussa and Premysl are both quite guarded when they are first brought together, and Premysl is suspicious, and there are some misunderstandings of each others intentions, so they keep their cards close to their chests. They joust verbally, and test each other, and we build a sense of frustration that they are almost going to blow it. Once each realizes that their love is true, and that it has not faded over time, they rejoice and Libussa shows Premysl the treasures and secrets left by Krok, and her magical garden. She confesses to neglecting Premysl as her public duties overwhelmed her, but now that he can be by her side, she promises never to neglect him again. The two of them get stuck into building a country. She is the head and he is the arm (legislature and executive power). Premysl runs with her ideas, of Prague, and mining, and trade, but to further his own beliefs that leadership should be tough, and demanding of the people, and powerful. Prague becomes a vision, a dream, a door to the rest of the world and the means to start trade and gain wealth. Perhaps instead of sending men to search for a guy in the woods, Libussa can travel into the forest with Premysl, and tell him of her vision, and they come across a man making a threshold and decide that this is the place, at the bend in the river. Libussa soon finds that she is glad of lessened responsibility, and begins to remember herself and her fondness for life beyond public office. She is visited by the handsome farmer she has previously ruled in favour of (and had her wicked way with at some point in the past). Premysl senses this and soon commands his army officers to attack and slay the handsome farmer, as a solution to the land war. Libussa is horrified when she finds out, and this shows the cracks that are beginning to form in their new relationship. Premysl has been a dreamer since Libussa first met him, and sees his new position as a tool he can use to wield power, and create a nation as he imagines it can be, but he soon becomes obsessed by this and as overwhelmed by the responsibility as Libussa was previously. It is a task which he puts all of himself into, leaving nothing for Libussa. They reign together for almost ten years, during which they bring prosperity to the land. The end of this golden age begins to come about due to the peoples greed for more wealth, which leads to the demand for further reaching commerce and trade. Card: 5: KAZI Libussa travels to see Kazi through areas where the forests have been cut down. Kazi meets her in a hallway regained by nature: vegetation has broken through the walls and wild forest animals are running freely. Libussa discovers that Kazi is beginning to show signs of dementia, and becoming obsessed with the natural kingdom, which she sees disappearing around her. Premysl is destroying forests to make way for their great city, for agriculture and trade routes, and Kazi is now feeling the effects in her natural habitat, but when she talks to Libussa about confronting him and changing his plans, Libussa defends her husband, and Kazi becomes convinced that Libussa is now weak and that her will is somehow enslaved to Premysl, and she predicts unhappiness in Libussas future as she becomes subservient to the King. She talks to Libussa in her bedroom, which looks like a zoo with more forest animals, which are her pets. Domaslaus approaches Wlasca about a plot to kill Libussa and Premysl and take power, suggesting that they marry and give the people a new, stronger King and Queen. Wlasca is now quite an intimidating figure, resemble her mother physically, she looks much older and really scary, a dark queen of death and revenge. She is holding her own court in her mountain stronghold of Adrspach-Teplice. She dislikes Domaslaus suggestion so much that she has him taken away and tortured in her dungeon blinding him in the process. Libussa talks lightly to Premysl about Kazi and what she had said, being playful while she does so but he is too concerned with his office, the rule of law, nation building and the security of his position. Libussa now has less responsibility and more freedom, and she leaves feeling distant and lonely. Later, she behaves playfully with the captain of Premysls guard, and so begins to think of a return to the promiscuity of her youth, as he deals with the headaches of state. There is a reference made somewhere to Kazis prophecy of unhappiness under the King, and this resonates with Libussa as she fights the loneliness through having affairs with the staff. Maybe we intercut this scene of Libussa playfully seducing the captain of Premysls guard with the blinding/torture of Domoslaus scene at Wlascas stronghold to imply that the dark magic is at the center of Libussas lust, which threatens to divide the house of Premysl. When Premysl discovers Libussa has slept with a member of his staff or the court, he beats him to a pulp and drowns him in the river, or throws him off the battlements into the moat, and he himself seems possessed by the darkness (the greed and selfishness) which is sweeping the land. Card: 6: WLASCA Wlascas hate against the new kingdom and rules find a first climax when they crucify the missionary Trinitas upside down where two roads meet. The message travels to Libussa. She makes the conclusion that it was the work of Wlasca and understands it as a sort of declaration of war. Libussa goes herself to visit Wlasca, wondering how things have changed so. She finds her bitter and surrounded by fanatics, and tries to talk her back to the middle ground but Wlasca is certain that the land should be governed not only by a woman, but by her, and she has Libussas sisters support. Since being blinded, Domaslaus is hanging around Wlascas court like some sort of beggar. Wlasca tells Libussa what she did to Domaslaus and why. And she tells her that war is coming. The maiden war starts but not full scale battles or even guerrilla warfare it is clever targeting of those with political power involving trickery, seduction and assassination. Libussa is angry at both Wlasca and Premysl as they vow to destroy each other. Premysl begins to worry and takes some of his anger out on Libussa. They have a huge argument Libussa is now pregnant with Premsyls son (although Premysl wonders which member of the court is really the father). Libussa asks if this land of conflict and division is what he wants for his son, a land of greed, and because of this weaker of heart. She feels there are forces on their borders just waiting for the right moment to charge in and take everything away from them. Libussas melancholy, which has always been part of her personality, is reaching saturation point Libussa still misses her father, she is lonely in her position at the top, distant from her husband, estranged from her sisters, the land is in turmoil and has she lost the confidence of Wlasca through the pain that her friend has suffered through their changing fortunes. Wlasca wages an effective campaign of espionage and seductive trickery and becomes a real headache for Premysl. But she goes too far when, after the seduction of popular playboy Citrad by a naked Stratka in the woods, Citrad has his throat slit and Wlasca sends his head to Premysl. The men of the land are outraged and launch an all out attack on Wlascas stronghold in the mountains. Wlasca dies in the attack, falling amongst the ranks of furious men, overestimating the strength of her fellow women and being cut to ribbons in the battle. Card: 7: NEZAMYSL Libussa and Premysl walk the battlefield and hear the story of the carnage, and of Wlascas unsightly end. They see Stratkas distinctive scarf which she always wore over the scars of her neck in the mud. They cannot find her body as she was cut to pieces when the men overwhelmed her. Libussa is now heavily pregnant, and as they survey the bodies and the blood, Premysl swears that he will govern more wisely, in order to create a gentler world in which his son can grow. Libussa returns to Premysl, and now Wlasca is gone and the terrible carnage has woken Premysl up to the difficulty of building a utopia as Libussa had tried to. They talk about how they lost their way. Although she wants to believe the way ahead will be better, Libussa looks into the future and foresees bloodshed, for many generations to come. Libussa travels to see Kazi, to talk about how things might change, but she finds her sister to now be totally insane, and dying from disease and starvation. She is reminded of the potion she once traveled out to find for her dying father, to relieve him of his misery, and she sets off to find it by the river nearby. She gathers the herbs by the river, imagining that the huge conflicts of her life have somehow been resolved and that Kazis peaceful end might finally close the book on years of turmoil. She tells these thought to her mother the river. Suddenly, from the dark edge of the forest, the dark shape of the bear appears and roars at her. Again the bear attacks like in the beginning of the film and this time he clips her on the head with its giant paw and almost knocks her unconscious. She staggers away, slipping on the shale as she did the first time this happened. But her wound this time is much more serious. She wavers as the blood loss continues, then seems to hear the water calling and lets herself tip slowly towards it, this time with a sense of finality, then plunges in. She drowns, a stream of blood mixing with the river water from the gash in her head. As she goes down, she catches glimpses of her life, of her sisters, of old Krok and Premysl and Wlasca, of the many seductions and lovers throughout her years as queen. The sound of her mothers singing fuses these images together, and the light above the water begins to fade as she sinks to the river bed. While this happens below, the surface of the water seems serene and peaceful. Premysl appears with a young boy, his son NEZAMYSL it is clear that a few years have passed since we saw him last. He tells the boy how his mother is always close to him, because this river is her spirit, and it flows through their country as its heart. The boy is fascinated and Premysl goes on mythologizing Libussa and her mysterious end. Then he starts to tell him that his grandmother was a tree elf. The boy is really captivated now, and as Premysl goes on talking he glances across the river and sees a great white stallion drinking at the bank. The stallion turns and rides away into the forest as the boy asks more questions about his familys past. Premysl knows that the old world has passed. LIST OF CHARACTERS: KING KROK KAZI, the eldest TETA, the middle sister, high priestess of the realm. LIBUSSA, the youngest, the prettiest, the wisest. WLASCA, Libussas sword, protector and best friend. PREMYSL, Libussas husband The Slavic leaders and folks: WRSCHOWETZ and DOMASLAUS, young, proud and ambitious, stand out amongst the six tribal leaders. ROZHON, a miner, and SLAWOSCH, a handsome farmer, who trigger the land war. TRINITAS, the Christian missionary. 20 extras to play farmers, soldiers and miners. The maiden: STRATKA, a tormented femme fatale, who hates men. Wlascas right hand. SCHARKA, a masked maiden and fierce fighter. 20 non speaking female warrior extras. ICONOGRAPHY THE CHANGING, GROWING WHITE HORSE NOT ONLY THE SPIRIT OF HER FATHER AND A SIGN OF VIRILITY, BUT A METAPHOR FOR THE EMERGING NATION AS IT BECOMES FORMIDABLE. A BEAUTIFUL SHADOW OF A PRINCESS LURING MEN INTO THE RIVER AND SEDUCING THEM AS THEY DROWN THE CLOAKED FIGURE OF LIBUSSA GALLOPING BY NIGHT FOR A COVERT RENDEZVOUS WITH PREMYSL THE GRUESOME DEATHS IF WE DID LIKE GODFATHER 2 AND MADE EACH ONE REALLY UNIQUE AND MEMORABLE DAYDREAMS AND MEMORIES although alternatively we could sew in a series of memories of time Libussa spent with Krok (ie. remembering words of wisdom and tender moments) perhaps memories she revisits in time of need or worry including Kroks tale of the tree elf mother, and the eco-message story about the spring being her tears in seeing her forested homeland destroyed. All this could be shown in the form of dreams or daydreams throughout the film during moments when Libussa is alone (during her reign). (This flashback device would definitely be helpful in writing up some of my ideas on Kroks theories of prophecy, and how this is often simply elaborate daydreaming of ideals and goals which he then has the will and ability to make happen thus becoming self fulfilling prophecies, and blurring the lines between these ideas. (ala Martin Luther King I have a dream) As we discussed earlier, I really like the idea that magic and supernatural things do occur in the world (and lurk in the depths of the forest), and Krok has always been hailed as a great sorcerer, but really he is simply an exceptional human being with great intelligence and imagination, a kind of Wizard of Oz, and these are the gifts which he passed on to his daughter. I like this because for me, the character who accomplishes great things with no more than the basic tools which any one of us can access and learn to use imagination, kindness, charm, drive, chutzpah, moxie, etc. is far more interesting than one who is gifted with supernatural or superhuman powers.) (As the pagan world we are writing about did not understand the brain as we now do, and did not see a dream (even a daydream) as something different to a prophecy, or a wandering of their spirit or some kind of supernatural insight, that we could paint a picture of this world as one in which flights of the imagination were often then interpreted as or described as visions and that Libussa is essentially an incredible imaginative and bright young woman, who often dreams up things like where to mine for precious metals, or where to build a great city, and her proclamations are then hailed as great insights into the future this is how a legend becomes a legend) In one of these memories, Libussa remembers her father warning her to take care in that forest that you can never know what might be lurking behind the next tree and she has a response which is echoed in her reply on his death bed King Krok on a white horse, Libussa, a little girl of 10 years, ridding between his legs. The two ride through the countryside. King Krok explains some of the mysteries of nature to his daughter. They also see some men working the fields among them young Premysl, 10 years old, with his dad. dreaming almost abstract dreams of floating in water throughout the film, like a vision (of her death) or memory of her birth (we can hear muffled sounds of her mothers voice in the dream and she can be in a foetus position while dreaming). This special place, where he remembers fondly his wife and where, he still maintains, he was blessed by elfin magic with the good fortune and wisdom that saw him prosper and eventually become King, and where he has held court and accepted tributes from tribal leaders ever since. One memory of herself as a young girl swimming at the spring, and ducking under the water, floating on the surface with the water lapping around her ears When they were kids, Wlasca saved Libussa and they exchanged blood. Krok invented the story of the tree elf, and explained that she passed away when her heart was broken by the deforestation, etc. And cried a river of tears Following on from the wizard of oz idea of krok - krok has always told libussa of the power of mystery, of a riddle. She uses this idea to create mystique, to manage her power, and to inspire. RECURRING THEMES THE RIVER MOLDAU should be featured throughout the film in changing seasons and weather because of its importance to the Czech, the city of Prague and the Libussa legend. best way to deal with the vision of Prague is have it as a reoccurring theme nature. like in the herzog film nature needs to be consistent and powerful. all the big scenes involving tribal leaders and extras should be filmed either at night (oak tree scenes), in twilight (maybe we can mist everything up). The horse should be free and only comes out of the wilderness when Libussa calls it. PASSAGE OF TIME changing seasons the time passing - come back to the white horse at the beginning of a scene in a new time, and show how it has grown, and then when grown show it being broken in,
tt0110944
Action,Adventure,Drama
ive started this synposis by cutting the material below from the site I bought the movie DVD on. This is a historical melodrama set against the backdrop of Easter Island's mysterious stone monoliths, directed by Kevin Reynolds and produced by his frequent collaborator, Kevin Costner. Noro (Jason Scott Lee ) is a pre-colonial tribesman living on the remote Pacific island that his people call Rapa Nui. A member of the elite "Long Ears" sect, Noro is to represent his clan in an annual ritual, a dangerous race along rocky cliffs and through shark-infested waters to retrieve the first egg from a sacred bird hatchery that lies offshore. Noro, however, is in love with Ramana (Sandrine Holt), a member of the "Short Ears," a slave class that builds the "Moai," which are giant stone carvings dotting the island. The tribal shaman rules that Noro and Ramana may marry if she spends six months in an isolated cave and he wins the contest. Make (Esai Morales), another Short Ear, is a rival for Ramana and leader of unrest in his exploited caste. Make trains to represent the Short Ears against Noro in the race, but judgment in the contest's result is interrupted by the sudden appearance of an iceberg. Interpreted as an omen, the "white canoe of the gods" leads to a civil war.
tt0473700
Drama,History,Romance
In 1857, as a wagon train from Arkansas and a group of zealot Mormons near Cedar City, Utah were fated to tragically collide, two young people fell deeply and immediately in love. Jonathan Samuelsons heart was instantly captivated the moment he saw the striking young woman on the wagon train: Emily Hudson was equally smitten by the young Mormon who possessed a kind soul and a magical way with horses. But Jonathans father, Jacob Samuelson, was convinced the Gentile settlers were intending to do harm to the Mormons. Jacob bade Jonathan to spy on the settlers as he sought the advice of church elders; when his fears were then confirmed by a visitation from God, Jacob relayed the order to Brigham Youngs adopted son, John D. Lee, to kill all but the youngest of the train. Desperate to stop the battle, Jonathan defied his church and tried in vain to warn the settlers and their wagon train leader, Captain Fancher. Unable to reach them in time, imprisoned by his own father, Jonathan watched in agony as his younger brother, Micha, became swept up by the bloody fanaticism. Wrenching free of his chains Jonathan raced to the slaughter site, only to be faced with an unbearable horror. Grief-stricken, Jonathans search for Emily brings him to a heart-wrenching choice of love over death.
tt0377992
Biography,Drama,History
This three-hour epic feature film on the life, death and resurrection of Jesus, draws its audience into antiquity by way of meticulous recreation of the period. The film is adapted precisely Word for Word based on the Good News Translation Bible.
tt0099291
Drama,Romance,War
While told in the prospective of a Nisei (2nd generation Japanese-American), this film does not fall to maudlin. The historical prospective is the facts leading up to the internment of West Coast Japanese nationals and Japanese-Americans just after the Pearl Harbor attack. In addition to telling about the internment camps, it also provides some insight into pre-war union efforts to organize It is told in flawless flashbacks. To a large extent the film is a narrative of people whose ability to lead their own lives were constrained by illegal activities of others. Jack McGurn (Quaid) moves to Los Angeles from New Jersey in 1936 to escape from troubles that fall on him as a labor organizer. He takes a job as a projectionist in a Little Tokyo movie theater run by a Japanese-American family. He falls in love with his Japanese boss's daughter. Forbidden by the father to see one another and barred from marrying by California law, the couple elope to Seattle, Washington. (The law there permitted inter-racial marriage.) They have a little girl they name Mini, who looks more like an Asian-American than a European-American. McGurn gets a job working as a "fish smasher." He is unjustly jailed for interfering when a peaceful legal protest of working conditions where he works is violently broken up by management goons and police. He is paroled just as the Japanese nation attacks America. McGurn's wife and daughter, and her family, are sent to Manzanar. McGurn parole is suspended but he then has to joins the United States Army without time to return to his wife before she is sent to the internment camp. He goes AWOL to visit his family in the camp. The movie has reconstructed scenes of the forced sale by Little Tokyo residents and scenes in the camp intended to show injustices that occur as a result of the order to intern west coast Japanese-Americans. 1944 Supreme Court rulings about the camps constitutionality allow American members of the family who had signed loyalty oaths to leave the camp. They go to live with an aunt, since they have no home in Little Tokyo anymore. The story is told in flashback as the mother tells Mini about Jack, whom Mini barely remembers, as the two of them are walking towards a railroad station where they are to meet Jack coming back from the war after the atomic bomb on Hiroshima.
tt0116404
Drama,History
Twelve black men, with nothing in common, except their race and destination, board a Spotted Owl Bus in Los Angeles headed for the Million Man March in Washington DC. The African American men are: George (Charles S. Dutton), the trip organizer; Jeremiah aka "Pop" (Ossie Davis), a downsized 80-year-old senior citizen who is an expert on African-American history; Evan & Evan Jr. aka "Smooth" (Thomas Jefferson Byrd and De'Aundre Bonds), an estranged father and teenage son who are court ordered to be shackled together for 72 hours after Junior's arrest for petty theft; Kyle & Randall (Isaiah Washington and Harry J. Lennix), a gay couple in the midst of breaking up; Flip (Andre Braugher), a narcissistic and racist Hollywood actor; Gary (Roger Guenveur Smith), a LAPD officer who is half black and half white; Xavier (Hill Harper), a UCLA Film School student who is making a documentary; Jamal (Gabriel Casseus), a former gangster turned Muslim seeking redemption; Jay (Bernie Mac), a bubble gum company owner; Mike (Steve White), a conspiracy theorist who thinks the march is a plot to gather one million black men in one place for mass extermination. And then there is Craig (Albert Hall), the bus driver who is dealing with his teenage daughter's pregnancy. Note: three additional bus passengers are shown observing the action. They are credited but are not introduced nor are they given dialogue. They are Ja-Dee (Jadi McCurdy), a young man with dreadlocks; Doc (Hosea Brown III), a medical doctor; and Kahlid (Guy Margo), a member of the Nation of Islam. Along the way, the men get to know each other and discuss various topics including their personal lives, their political beliefs and even the recent O.J. Simpson murder case. In one of the few things that all of them have in common is their belief that even if Simpson was indeed guilty of killing his "white ex-wife and a Jewish white man" (which they continue to maintain that he didn't), it was right of him to be acquitted as "payback" for social racism against black people in America. The elderly Jeremiah (whom the men nickname "Pop") later reveals that after he lost his job, he became an alcoholic and eventually lost his family. He hopes the March will revitalize him and inspire him to turn his life around. Evan Jr., who fancies himself as a gangster rap artist named 'Smooth', manages to escape from his father at one point. Evan Sr. finds Junior and realizes that Junior's criminal behavior was an attempt to gain his attention after he became neglectful. He expresses regret and promises to make a sincere effort to be there for Junior. Xavier, who refers to himself as "X", begins interviewing the passengers with his video camera, a narrative device which allows each of the passengers to reveal information about their lives and how they perceive themselves and the March. Xavier captures as much as he can on his camcorder but the group often dismisses the earnest amateur filmmaker as "Spike Lee Jr." Tensions rise after Xavier's interview with Flip, who spends most of his time bragging about his own sexual prowess, and who seems more concerned with getting a film role opposite Denzel Washington than the purpose of the March. Flip reveals himself to be a bigot, homophobic and racist, provoking the gay couple Kyle and Randall for being homosexuals and Gary for being biracial. This leads to further conflict when Gary reveals that he is a police officer working a beat in South Central Los Angeles, two things for which he has faced criticism and ostracism from other African Americans his entire life. Gary proudly recalls his father, a black policeman who was gunned down in the line of duty by black street gang members; an incident that Gary credits with his decision to become a police officer. Gary's revelations about his life and career spur Jamal to reveal that he is an ex-Crip gang member who converted to Islam and began work with a community outreach program that works with children to discourage them from becoming involved in gang activity. In a tense conversation, the two debate over the causes of gang violence and the limits of repentance and forgiveness: Jamal confesses that, while he was a Crip, he committed murder and rape, crimes for which he was never arrested or punished. Following Jamal's confession, Gary informs him that he will be arrested upon their return to California. Next, Kyle reveals that he is a 1991 Gulf War veteran who was purposely shot by his own platoon because of his race and sexual orientation. Being gay, African-American and Republican, he feels persecution from all sides, which has made him bitter. Although they are having problems in their relationship, Randall, tries to comfort his lover but makes a point of outing Kyle when he refuses to talk. Kyle is harassed further by the homophobic Flip who mocks him claiming "Oh my God, a gay black Republican, now I have seen everything!" with additional homophobic statements rants. Flip also picks on Randall for his effete gay mannerisms following Kyle's outing. A heated argument between Flip and Kyle turns violent when Flip punches Kyle. In the resulting fistfight, Kyle is victorious and Flip is embarrassed. During the trip the bus breaks down and the group boards a new bus. Craig runs off to return to Los Angeles after being contacted by his daughter who has gone into labor. The new bus driver is Rick (Richard Belzer), a white man who is ethnically Jewish. Eventually, he feels the need to speak out against Louis Farrakhan's Anti-Semitic statements that Jews are a "gutter" people and that not all Jewish people are white. Rick talks about his parents' and other Jews' participation in the 1960s Civil Rights Movement, but George, along with some members of the group fight back using Jewish stereotypes. At a rest stop, Rick quits the trip in protest telling George: "I wouldn't expect you to drive the bus to a Ku Klux Klan meeting!" George becomes confrontational and angrily accuses Rick of being a racist for not supporting the march in spite of Farrakhan's own racist remarks against both white and Jewish people (while at the same time refusing to acknowledge that Farrakhan ever made them). Although Rick maintains that he is not a racist, George refuses to accept this. George begrudgingly agrees to disagree with Rick and lets him depart, although he refuses to look at Rick when Rick wants to shake his hand before he leaves. George drives the bus for the rest of the trip, with help from Evan Sr. who, while not licensed a bus driver, has experience driving trucks. The group meet various people at rest stops including fellow travelers, White American Southerners (who, to the group's surprise, are friendly) and women (both black and white with whom Flip tries to flirt). At a diner, the group meets Wendell (Wendell Pierce), a Lexus car salesman who bribes his way onto the bus despite pleas from George to travel to the March on his own, since taking on board a passenger without a ticket could potentially jeopardize his job. On the route, Wendell reveals that he too is a Republican and his reason for going to the March is to sell cars. He decries liberal blacks such as Jesse Jackson who believe that it is the government's responsibility to make their lives better, using successful and conservative blacks such as Colin Powell as examples that black men can "make it" in society. His rhetoric quickly comes to be accused as racist from the others, even Kyle however, as he disparages several people on the bus as being "niggers," after which the other passengers literally throw him out of the bus. While driving through Knoxville, Tennessee, the bus is pulled over by Tennessee state troopers (one of whom is played by Randy Quaid in an uncredited cameo). They are stopped on suspicion of drug trafficking and searched with drug-sniffing dogs despite the pleas of Gary who shows his LAPD badge to the troopers. The troopers ignore Gary and continue with the search, however they do not find anything illegal and permit the bus to continue on its way. As the bus approaches Washington, D.C., Xavier discovers Jeremiah slumped over and unconscious in his seat. They rush him to a hospital and watch the beginning of March on television as they await word on Jeremiah. A doctor later informs the group that Jeremiah has died of heart disease. The men are shocked and saddened by Jeremiah's death. They end up watching the rest of the March from the hospital... never making it to Washington to partake in the March. George tells the men that the March should be seen as merely the beginning of a larger movement. In the final scene, in front of the Lincoln Memorial, George leads the men in a prayer that Jeremiah wrote before his death.
tt0462477
Biography,Crime,Drama
Albert Pierrepoint trains to be a prison executioner, as his father had been before him. Pierrepoint views his job with seriousness and dedication, applying science and logic to each hanging. He can swiftly determine the proper length for the gallows rope, depending on the height, weight, and physical condition of the condemned. While not a cruel or cold-hearted man by any means, Pierrepoint simply views execution as any other job, and is not as visibly emotionally affected by it as some of his co-workers. As Albert's talent for the field begins to be noticed by the British government, he and his wife Annie are excited for the new opportunities awaiting him. He is eventually told that he is the best executioner in Britain, and that he will be England's proof of their swift, efficient, and humane execution system. Pierrepoint is sent to Germany to hang 47 Nazi war criminals after the Belsen trials in 1945. While he is staggered by the number of deaths he must conduct, he carries out his duties. Pierrepoint's inner values begin to emerge in his work when one of the bodies is left without a coffin. Pierrepoint angrily demands the coffin, saying that the man had paid the ultimate price and should now be treated with dignity. Albert slowly begins to find his work emotionally draining. He becomes a local celebrity, with many neighbours applauding him for "stringing up" criminals, and others criticizing him for enforcing capital punishment. He and Annie purchase a nearby pub, which draws in good business due to Albert's fame. Pierrepoint receives a shock one morning when he must execute a friend of his, James Corbitt, who is known to Albert as "Tish." Corbitt is a meek-looking man, but had murdered his ex-lover in a jealous rage. Though Pierrepoint knows he must perform his job, he breaks his usual stoic demeanor and speaks kindly and calmly to Tish, who meets his fate in an almost content state. His last words are 'Thank you, Albert," and he smiles as the hood is put over his head. Pierrepoint goes to his pub that night and expresses his anguish to his wife. Annie is uncomfortable hearing Albert's inner turmoil, as their rule regarding his occupation had always been "never talk about it." Albert breaks down and confesses the guilt and misery he felt as he watched his friend hang by his own hand. He considers resigning from his profession altogether. Pierrepoint later executes Ruth Ellis, a young, pretty woman accused of killing her lover. Angry mobs outside the prison protest the execution, and Pierrepoint's car is spat on and shaken as he drives home. After conducting over 600 executions and setting the fastest ever hanging record (7.5 seconds), Albert Pierrepoint officially resigns.
tt0070046
Crime,Drama,History
Opening scene is set in June 1963 at a gathering of a group of shadowy industrial, political and former US intelligence figures who are giving vent to their growing dissatisfaction with the Kennedy administration. The scene takes place in the plush surroundings of the lead conspirator, Robert Foster (Robert Ryan), presumably a Texas oil baron. He and the others are trying to convince Ferguson (Will Geer), a white-suited and mustachioed figure a powerful oil magnate to back their plans for an assassination of President John F. Kennedy. He remains unconvinced saying "I don't like such schemes. They're only tolerable when necessary, and only permissible when they work." James Farrington (Burt Lancaster), a black ops specialist, is also among the group. The film then cuts to somewhere in the desert where a shooting team is doing target practice at a moving object. One of the shooters says that they can only guarantee the operation's success by slowing down the target to 15 mph. The film intercuts between conversations among the lead conspirators, Farrington and Foster, and preparations for the assassination. The approval of the man in the white suit is crucial to the conspirators, although Farrington proceeds to organize two shooting teams in anticipation that he will change his mind. We then see sequences of Ferguson, the man in the white suit, watching contemporary newsreel and becoming clearly concerned at Kennedy's increasingly 'liberal' direction: action on civil rights for black people, Nuclear Test Ban Treaty, nuclear disarmament. The deciding moment comes when he's watching an anti-Kennedy news report on the deteriorating situation in South Vietnam. It is followed by Kennedy's "suicidal" October 1963 decision (National Security Action Memorandum #263, Oct. 11, 1963) to withdraw all US advisors from Vietnam by the end of 1965, effectively ending America's direct involvement in the Vietnam War. Ferguson picks up the phone to tell Foster he now fully supports their project. While the motives of the man in the white suit are clear, through dialogues between Foster and Farrington, the film attempts to cast light on the murky paranoid fears of the conspirators about the future of America and the white races. Foster forecasts the population of the third world in 2000 at 7 billion, "Most of them yellow, brown or black. All hungry and all determined to love; they'll swarm out of their breeding grounds into Europe and America". He sees Vietnam as an opportunity to control the developing world and reduce its population to 550 million: "I've seen the data," says Foster, adding that they can then apply the same "birth-control" methods to unwanted groups in the US: poor whites, blacks and Latinos. The film postulates the same theory as JFK that Lee Harvey Oswald is being steered to become the conspiracy's 'patsy', but unlike JFK, the conspirators use a double of Oswald to shadow him in the weeks leading up to the assassination to leave behind a trail of evidence that the authorities can easily follow and link Oswald alone to the assassination. The film makes no explicit link to US government agencies and the conspiracy, although the professionalism of Farrington's shooting team clearly indicates they have worked for the CIA on special assignments. The film implies that most of the law enforcement and government agencies were not involved in the conspiracy, but they were just grossly inept: no special measures were taken for the president's safety in Dallas; there is no communication between the FBI, CIA, and Secret Service on possible security risks; even the head of the Secret Service stays in Washington during the visit. This explanation helps understand why the authorities were so keen to pin all of the blame on Oswald, the rogue assassin, who is 'served up' by the conspirators to the authorities as an easy escape from any accusations of their own negligence. On November 22, 1963 the assasination is carried out. The post-assassination conspiracy is also covered in the film. Farrington tells the head of the two shooting teams, who at this point don't know who their target is, that after this job he and his men will never have to work again and they can never meet one another ever again. All the assassins are black ops professionals trained never to talk about operations they are involved in. Each one is offered $25,000 per year for the next five years provided the operation's cover isn't blown by 'removing' any people who directly witnessed the assasination of Kennedy. If the cover remains intact in five years time "every man jack of them" will receive a further $100,000 into their Swiss bank accounts for another 10 or more years. The head of the shooting teams then tells Farrington: "You just told me who we're going to hit." At the end of the film, a photo collage is shown of 18 witnesses: all but two of whom died from unnatural causes within three years of the assassination. A voice-over says that an actuary of the British newspaper The Sunday Times calculated the probability that all these people who witnessed the assassination would die within that period of time to be 100 trillion to one.
tt1023499
Documentary,Biography,History
THE BROTHERS WARNER is an intimate portrait of the four film pioneers who founded and ran Warner Bros. for over 50 years. Its written, directed and in the voice of Cass Warner Sperling, Harry Warners granddaughter. Their epic story includes never before seen photos and footage and unfolds through the eyes of family members and those who personally knew them, and experienced the Golden Years of Hollywood. This is the inside story of the little known major player in the Warner Bros. studio legend, Harry Warner, honest Abe, visionary Sam, and volatile Jack--the original Hollywood independent filmmakers. This close-knit band of brothers was the first to use mass media to educate, entertain, and enlighten. Their films were often ripped from news headlines. It was Harrys personal belief that, "Those who make a nations entertainment have obligations above and beyond their primary commercial objective, which is the box office." Their legendary scrappy rise from nothing, their overcoming of personal tragedies, and their battles are all woven together with the times they lived in. From opening their first storefront theater by hanging a sheet on the wall and borrowing chairs from a funeral parlor to creating one of the top studios in America--four brothers built an empire on a dream and revolutionized Hollywood.
tt0084132
Drama,History,War
A disclaimer appears at the beginning of the film, acknowledging that it is fiction: "This is not a documentary of the war in Korea, but a dramatized story of the effect of war on a group of people. All persons other than those whose real names are used in this film are fictitious and any similarity between them and any persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Where dramatic license has been deemed necessary, the authors have taken advantage of this license to dramatize the subject." The film depicts the Battle of Inchon during the Korean War. The protagonist of the film is General Douglas MacArthur (Laurence Olivier), who led the United States surprise amphibious landing at Incheon on September 15, 1950. A subplot involves a young American couple who have problems in the mist of this war. Inchon begins with a depiction of North Korean soldiers moving past the 38th parallel north into South Korea in June 1950. Residents of South Korea flee into the country's capital, Seoul. A United States Major's wife, named Barbara Hallsworth (Jacqueline Bisset), arrives in a village located at the 38th Parallel where she is attempting to buy antique furniture and items for her business as an interior decorator. She hears a bulletin over the radio saying: "The Communists are coming", and decides to leave the village. A limousine driven by a chauffeur takes her to Seoul where she encounters a group of five Korean children. Barbara decides to take the five kids with her away to a safe haven across the country after Seoul falls to the Communists. During the long journey, Barbara's chauffeur dies during the North Korean invasion when they barly escape from an ambush. Barbara takes over driving and drives them to a safe location called the "Inn of the Sixth Happiness". Along the way, she kills a North Korean soldier by shooting him between the eyes. Meanwhile, Barbara's husband, U.S. Major Frank Hallsworth (Ben Gazzara) is attempting to break off a secret affair with a young Korean woman (Karen Kahn). The woman's father Saito-san (Toshiro Mifune) is aware of his daughter's affair with Hallsworth and does not disapprove of it. Hallsworth receives word of the invasion by the North Koreans, and he travels north in an attempt to locate his wife with the assistance of army sergeant August Henderson (Richard Roundtree). Henderson encounters Barbara after she dropped off the five children in her care and fixes her vehicle's battery, and then reunites her with her husband. Meanwhile, David Feld Park (David Janssen), an American journalist in Tokyo, is waiting with other reporters for a press conference to begin which will be held by General MacArthur. Longfellow (Rex Reed), a second reporter awaiting the press conference, is generally a music critic by also reports on serious events developing in Tokyo. General MacArthur is at his residence in Tokyo with his wife, and does not appear at the press conference. He agrees with his wife that he is the only individual who can rescue South Korea from the communist invasion by the North Koreans. Back in South Korea, Major Hallsworth and his former lover hide out in Inchon where they succeed in turning on a lighthouse to signal an invasion fleet of 261 U.S. ships, and the Korean woman's father, (in league with the North Koreans) activates mines in the channel. She dies during the ensuing battle as the U.S. troops land, and a huge climatic gun battle begins. After a long and violent battle, American troops drive out the North Korean forces and restore President Syngman Rhee (Kwang Nam Yang) to power. General MacArthur gives Rhee a hug, as people wave South Korean and American flags. In the final scene, we see MacArthur saying the Lord's Prayer in front of a bust of Julius Caesar. After this scene, an actual newsreel of the real Douglas MacArthur is displayed.
tt1475191
Documentary,Biography,History
I find the plot summary too opinionated. Finkelstein may be solitary, he may even be alone, but it is a strong assumption to say he is lonely. "Self-destructive nature often undermines his academic credibility", oh yeah? Don't confuse this with Zionist bile that is intended to discredit him. Did you hear the praise from Noam Chomsky on his academic work? I think you are confusing his passion and determination and above all his integrity (a word you might have been generous enough to have acknowledged as fitting) for just another rabble rouser. Yes he is combative, but anyone less than a true warrior would not have survived this long with his convictions intact. And survive, against tremendous odds, still fighting for Israel's and humanity's soul, Finkelstein most certainly has.
tt0073113
Adventure,Drama,History
May, 1937. Kathie Rauch from Milwaukee, Wisconsin sends a letter to the German Embassy in Washington, D.C. claiming the Hindenburg zeppelin will explode after flying over New York. In the meantime, Luftwaffe Colonel Franz Ritter (George C. Scott) boards with the intention of protecting the Hindenburg as various threats have been made to down the airship, which some see as a symbol of Nazi Germany. Ritter is assisted by a Nazi government official, SS/Gestapo Hauptsturmführer Martin Vogel (Roy Thinnes), who poses as official photographer. However, both operate independently in investigating the background of all passengers and crew on the voyage. Ritter has reason to suspect everyone, even his old friend and former mistress, Countess Ursula von Reugen (Anne Bancroft), who vehemently opposes the Nazi regime. Other prime suspects include card sharks Emilio Pajetta (Burgess Meredith) and Major Napier (Rene Auberjonois), Edward Douglas (Gig Young), a suspicious German-American ad executive, as well as several crew members and even the Hindenburg captains Pruss (Charles Durning) and Lehmann (Richard A. Dysart). As the Hindenburg makes its way to Lakehurst Air Field, events conspire against Ritter and Vogel. They soon suspect the rigger Karl Boerth (William Atherton), a former Hitler Youth leader who has become disillusioned with the Nazis. Ritter attempts to arrest him. Boerth resists. He requests help from Ritter, whose son was killed a year before. Boerth's girlfriend, Freda Halle, was killed while trying to escape arrest as the Hindenburg crossed the Atlantic. Boerth, upon hearing the news of Halle's death, plans to commit suicide by staying aboard the airship as the bomb goes off. Ritter eventually agrees with Boerth to set the bomb to detonate at 7:30 p.m., when the airship should have landed and passengers disembarked. While setting up the bomb (a small C-4 plastic explosive), Boerth drops a knife, which was later revealed to have been stolen from Rigger Ludwig Knorr. Vogel starts to work behind Ritter's back, arresting Boerth and confiscating the Countess's passport. As the airship approaches Lakehurst Naval Air Station at 7:00, Ritter now realizes the landing has been delayed and searches for Boerth to ask where the bomb is. Vogel is caught by Ritter torturing Boerth and gets into a fight with Ritter and is knocked unconscious. An injured Boerth tells Ritter the bomb is in the repair patch of gas cell 4. Ritter attempts to defuse the bomb, but is unable to do so in time and is spotted at the last few seconds by a now awakened Vogel. The bomb explodes, killing Ritter instantly and sending Vogel flying down the walkway. Vogel survives, being carried by ground crewmen, while Boerth dies of his burns. At this point the film changes to monochrome in order to match up with the actual newsreel footage of the disaster. Passengers and crew struggle to survive the fire. The disaster scene ends when the camera pans over wreckage, towards a strip of burning fabric that says "Hindenburg" on it. The following day, with the fire cleared, a list of passengers who died or survived is described briefly, while the wreckage is examined for the inquiry before being cleaned up. The film ends with a tribute to Herbert Morrison's radio commentary, with the memorable quotation, "Oh the humanity," as the Hindenburg flies once again, only to disappear again in the clouds.
tt1232790
Documentary,Biography
Of Time and The City is both a love song and a eulogy to the directors birthplace of Liverpool. It is also a response to memory, reflection and the experience of losing a sense of place as the skyline changes and time takes it toll.
tt1918973
Documentary,Animation,Biography
In 1842 the 11 year-old heir to the Persian throne received a camera from Queen Victoria of England. In the following decades he documented his life, revealing to the public eye what it was never supposed to see. Nasseredin Shah and his 84 Wives is based on the photos taken by the Shah himself as well as by his court. With the addition of several animated sequences, it tells the story of the rivalry and intrigues within the harem, the murders, the corruption, the political power struggle, and of Irans troubled relation to Europe. The film is an investigation into how things became as they are in Iran, but from a historic perspective that is all too often overlooked: that is, the influential role played by women in the origins of modern Iran.
tt0472562
Drama,History,War
(this first appeared on www.realmoviereview.com) Canadian Lt. General Romeo Dallaire was the military commander of the UN mission in Rwanda and this movie is personal and, all too true, story of his time there during the genocide of 1994. It is not quite as moving as the earlier Hotel Rwanda and is less geared to drama and emotional manipulation, but it is still grim and upsetting. The direction is slightly surreal and the acting is quite good, though I found Dupuis to be just a little too wooden (just a little over that line between stoic and wooden) in the lead role. It suffers a little from being virtually a one man show, with Dupuis lead character being the focus of virtually every scene but there is no denying the power and importance of this film. Romeo Dallaire is a very brave, and equally honest, man and that is really what makes this film work. He is not afraid to show his human emotions and frailties, and this makes his courageous effort to save lives during The Rwandan genocide, at no small personal risk, all that more impressive. This film carefully documents the beginnings of the atrocity and fearlessly lays blame. Dallaires helplessness is enveloping and we feel his frustration in the face of ever-increasing shortages of men and equipment.
tt0158131
Fantasy,Western
It is the late 1800s in a small, peaceful western town until a violent evil gang of bank robbers pay a visit. Led by ruthless, bloodthirsty Blackjack Britton (Eric Roberts), they take the bank. Things are progressing well, until a random troop of military soldiers ride into town. Then all hell breaks loose in the dusty little settlement. After the deadly shootout, the gang flees, only to be passionately chased by a large angry posse. Desperate, they ride straight through the night, but are unable to shake the mob who is determined to take them and hang them all. When the posse finally overtakes them, a running shootout begins, which eventaully kills the horse carrying all the money. Partially satisfied, the posse breaks off pursuit. Badly cut down, exhausted and without money, the dejected gang rides on, straight into a bizarre sandstorm. When the dust finally settles, they find themselves in a place no human eye has ever seen before. Here in this sleepy little town called Refuge, the people welcome them and invite them to take anything they want, absolutely free. It is a quiet little town, with no telegraph, and seemingly no guns or violence. The people look oddly familiar however. Why does that sheriff look like Wild Bill Hickock? Everyone knows he was killed almost ten years ago. And is that Billy The Kid? And Doc Holliday? Look, he looks like Jesse James! But arent they all dead? Who are they? One young man, Sonny (Brad Rowe) knows them all. He loves the Dime Store novels that write about all the outlaw heroes. Related to a member of the gang, Sonny wanted to join, until he saw how outlaw life really was. The only good guy in the dangerous group, he tries to befriend them, especially the mysterious Rose, a sweet young girl in town. He finally dismisses his crazy ideas that is, until late one night a mysterious coach arrives and drops off a woman, a woman who died in his arms in the bank robbery town! The coach vanishes into thin air, and Sonny begins a relentless pursuit of the truth, never dreaming where his search will lead, or what it will cost him. Welcome to Refuge.
tt0209264
Action,Comedy,Horror
The quiet little town of Ruby is surprised to find a SNAKE int its midst! As a befuddled team of government bad guys attempts to recapture the genetically enhanced SNAKE, a bunch of irrelevant side plots occur in the town: including, an ex who sleeps with a bunch of dudes, Wesley Crusher with pink hair is trying to score some random, and a cop and some dude who likes bikes get into a fight on a playground. These people (minus Wesley Crusher who is poorly eaten by a CGI SNAKE) conspire to save the day by dipping the snake in acid, (Which is conveniently located at the shop where the dude who fights the cop works, or used to work). The SNAKE is awesome. It eats people. Everyone with any kind of relevance dies and we are lead to believe that there might be a sequel. HILARIOUS
tt0073820
Horror,Thriller
"Julie" Chad (Robert Burton) and Eddie Nells (James Storm) are college students at a local L.A. community college. They are checking chicks out when Julie Eldridge (Karen Black), a young literature teacher who dresses with baggy serious clothes, passes by. Suddenly Chad gets the weirdest idea, and wonders how she looks like under all those clothes. Eddie is appalled by the idea. During one class, Chad is distracted by Julie's thigh as she sits on her desk and daydreams about her. After Chad reveals his fantasies to Eddie, Eddie describes Julie as "ugly" and discourages Chad from becoming romantically involved with a teacher, but Chad tries to chat her up, saying that he's very interested in photography. Prof. Aldridge seems like a person who only thinks on her work, as her friend Ann Richards (Kathryn Reynolds) encourages her to go out on a double date with her, her boyfriend Steve and somebody else, but she refuses. Later that evening, when Julie is undressing in her apartment, Chad watches her through a window. The next day, Chad asks Julie out on a date. Julie initially refuses, but later accepts Chad's offer. Chad says that all the other girls are only a bunch of kids, not like her. During the date at a drive-in theater, Julie is too afraid of the horror film. Chad spikes Julie's drink, rendering her unconscious. Chad drives her to a motel. After checking them in as husband and wife, with a know-it-all clerk (Orin Cannon), Chad photographs Julie in a variety of sexually provocative positions. Julie begins to regain consciousness, and Chad takes her home, explaining that she had just fallen asleep. However, after she has woken up, she doesn't want to let him in and doesn't want to go on a date with him again, which leads Chad really frustrated. After developing the photographs in his darkroom, Chad shows the pictures to Julie after class one day. She is furious and threatens to call the police. Chad blackmails Julie into submitting to his romantic attentions as well as give him good grades for his term papers and if she refuses to cooperate, he will anonymously distribute the photos through the campus and her reputation and job will be in jeopardy. Julie reluctantly agrees. During a lesson, Chad writes a note to her inside a book telling her to go to his apartment to meet some friends of his. Julie has to agree. Afterwards, he is perceived as distraught by her friend Ann, but Julie won't tell about the situation. Chad doesn't really care about what she wants or doesn't want. After several weeks of this, Chad forces Julie to come over to his apartment for dinner and with the intent to have sex with her. It is here where Julie announces, "The game is over." Julie reveals that it was actually she who had manipulated Chad in an elaborate role play of her own design. Suddenly breaking character, Julie asks Chad, "Did you really think that dull, little mind of yours could possibly have conceived any of the rather dramatic experiences we've shared? Why do you think you suddenly had the overwhelming desire to see what I looked like under 'all those clothes?' Don't feel bad... I always get bored after a while." Julie further tells Chad that despite the fact he did catch her off guard with drugging her that night and blackmailing her, Julie was rather amused by the elegance of this latest challenge of hers. Julie further tells him that she had planned to kill him that night of their first date but because she underestimated him, she decided to play along with his games until the time was right and that time is... right now. Chad realizes (too late) that Julie has poisoned his drink, then falls to the floor and dies. Julie drags his body into the darkroom where she sets fire to the offending photographs. Chad's death is later reported in local media as a house fire. In the final scene, Julie adds the newspaper story to a scrapbook of articles depicting students who met similar fates. (It is strongly implied here that Julie is a serial killer whom targets and kills infatuated young men that zero in on her, and Chad was just her latest victim). There is a knock at the door, and Arthur Moore (Gregory Harrison), who is another student, appears in need of a tutor. Julie invites him in and says that they could be good friends. "Millicent and Therese" This tale of sibling rivalry focuses on sisters Millicent Larimore, a repressed and prudish brunette; and Therese Larimore, a worldly, seductive, and free-spirited blonde. Both roles are played by Karen Black. Thomas Amman (John Karlen) wants to speak with Therese, but Millicent tells him that she's out partying. Amman inquiries further, and Millicent tells him that Therese was having an incestuous relationship with their father and then put extra pills in their mother's drink. Amman tells her to go to the police, but Millicent has nowhere to go and no job to support herself. Amman thinks it's Millicent who's crazy. Millicent also claims that she knows all about the death another man, and how he enjoys inflicting pain. Later, Millicent writes that Therese has violated her room in retaliation for her conversation with Thomas. Dr. Ramsey (George Gaynes) meets with Millicent for their weekly therapy sessions and to find how she is getting along with Therese because she has to see to another patient who lives close by. He is impatient and hassled when he arrives and it's Therese who opens the door. Therese admits to having wrecked Millie's room and then tries to seduce him. Millicent is determined that Therese is evil, and tells Dr. Ramsey that his advice will no longer be required, and she starts plotting to kill her twin sister with voodoo. The next day, Dr. Ramsey visits the mansion again where he meets with the outgoing Therese where he tells Therese about Millicent's plans for her. Therese dismisses his concern about her sister's plans. That evening, Millicent plants a voodoo talisman in Therese's room to kill her. The next morning, Dr. Ramsey arrives at the house and after not finding anyone around, enters Therese's bedroom where he finds her dead on the bedroom floor with the doll next to her. Millicent is nowhere to be found. Dr. Ramsey calls the police and the coroner where they take Therese's body away. It is here that Dr. Ramsey reveals in his statement to the coroner and police that, as the family doctor to the estate, "Therese" is in fact "Millicent" (both women are one and the same as suspected). Therese suffered from multiple personality disorder... brought on by the fact that Therese slept with her father and subsequently killed her mother in which she spent time in a lunatic asylum. "Millicent" was an alternate personality with a repressed sexuality to cope with the horror of her actions. The recent death of the father unhinged her further. The "murder" of Therese was actually a form of suicide by Therese Millicent Larimore. "Amelia" Amelia (Karen Black) is seen entering her high rise apartment building, carrying a package which looks like a small trunk. When she gets to her apartment, she unwraps the package to reveal a menacing doll, a little over a foot tall. She speaks in a monologue, to herself, revealing that the doll is named "He Who Kills", and that is an African hunting fetish she bought for someone named Arthur Breslau. She also comments aloud "God, are you ugly!". She then makes a phone call to her mother that greatly upsets her. We only hear Amelia's side of the conversation, but it's clear that her mother is a negative, manipulative person who does not approve of Amelia being independent and alone. At one point, she mentions that the apartment she's staying in is a sublease, and the occupants will be home in six more months. Amelia tries to explain that she's been seeing Arthur and it's his birthday, so she'd like to spend the evening with him. The doll's box contains a scroll that mentions that the gold chain around its waist is in place to keep the spirit of a real Zuni hunter trapped inside the doll; if the chain should be removed, the spirit will be unleashed. Amelia's mother hangs up on her, and Amelia becomes even more upset. She slams the doll down on her coffee table and walks away, but she doesn't notice that the gold chain has slipped off. Amelia runs water for a bath and calls her boyfriend Arthur, breaking her plans with him. Unhappy about having her evening ruined, Amelia goes to the kitchen and prepares a steak for broiling, taking a kitchen knife from the rack to trim the fat away. She walks into the living room and discovers the doll is missing from the table where she left it. Searching for it under the sofa, she finds the spear it was holding in its hand, but the doll itself is nowhere to be found. After hearing a sound from the kitchen, Amelia goes in to discover the kitchen knife she had been using a moment before is now missing. When she goes back into the living room, the doll rushes at her and starts stabbing at her ankles and feet with the kitchen knife, making ferocious sounds while it attacks her. Terrified, Amelia tries to get away from it, but it chases her around her apartment. She runs into the bedroom and tries to call the police, but before she can make contact, the bedroom door swings open, the doll (Walter Edmiston's voice) hanging off of the doorknob. The chase continues as it climbs the bed to get to Amelia, who runs into the bathroom and slams the door. The doll tries to stab her feet by sliding the knife under the door. With the door locked, Amelia thinks she is safe, but the doll manages to pick the lock and the door flies open; Amelia reacts and throws a towel over the doll, temporarily immobilizing it. She picks it up and pushes it under the water, but she realizes she can't drown a doll, and she leaves it thrashing in the water. The doll reappears, climbing out of the bathtub with the knife clutched between its teeth. It chases Amelia into the living room, where she hides in a closet, and she uses a handy suitcase to entrap the doll. Amelia runs into the kitchen and gets a screwdriver; the doll has bent the deadbolt on her front door, blocking her escape. Before she can pry off the deadbolt, she notices the doll is using the steak knife to saw its way out of the suitcase. She tries to disarm it by grabbing the knife, but she gets both hands cut. Before she can do anything else, it escapes and comes for her once again. The fight continues in the kitchen, where she manages to disarm the doll finally, but it simply bites Amelia, latching onto her neck. She pries it off and hurls it into the oven, shutting the door. The doll screams and then bursts into flames, the oven filling with black smoke as it burns, and eventually the screams die down. Feeling as if she has won, Amelia opens the oven and suddenly screams. A little later, Amelia goes to the phone and dials her mother, speaking in a strangely calm voice. She tells her mother that she wants to spend the evening together, and invites her to come by the apartment right away. When she hangs up, she goes to the deadbolt and now rips it completely off with her bare hands. Backing into a corner, we see that she is now holding a large butcher knife. She crouches down and begins stabbing the floor... waiting for her mother to show up so she can presumably attack and kill her with the knife. Amelia grins... revealing the ferocious teeth of the doll, whose evil spirit apparently has now possessed Amelia when she opened the oven.
tt0084287
Crime,Drama
The film follows a short period in the life of the 16 year old skinhead Trevor.Starting with a court appearance Trevor moves to an assessment centre where he continues to rant against authority.Refusing to sign the "contract" he goes on a trail of violent destruction in the job centre and on the streets of London.After a rampage on asian homes and ending up ramming into a police car outside a police station he finally ends up at his social workers home and gives himself up.The final confrontation with authority leaves no doubt that he is doomed to spend his life in jail at the mercy of authority.A docu style piece at 76 minutes this made for tv film introduces Tim Roth as an exeptional talent who went on to a great career .
tt0158466
Drama,Family,Romance
It's the summer of 1915, and Anne returns to Avonlea for the first time since Marilla's death. Greeted by her life long "bosom friend", Diana Barry Wright,---- now wealthy from an inheritance left for her by her Aunt Josphine, the two make their way to Green Gables farm to find it rented and in disrepair. Meanwhile, the Great War (W.W. I) is blossoming in Europe, and many of Anne's former classmates have elisted to serve. Gilbert returns to the Island later in the summer, and the two decide to move to New York so Gilbert can persue his medical career, and Anne, her writing ambitions. With Avonlea embedded in their souls however, the two return--- Gilbert having bought Green Gables farm, and Anne accepts Gilbert's hand in marriage to the onset of his enlistment to serve and aid in The Great War. Over the next couple of years, the War takes it's toll on the Island's wives. Many men have been lost, and missing in action is Gilbert. Anne leaves Canada and ventures to Europe to find Gilbert, and along the way, finds Jack Garrison (her former New York writing partner), Dominick, Jack's infant son, and Fred Barry (Diana's husband).... who has been critically injured in the attacks. Throughout her search for Gilbert, Anne cares for Fred, and watches over Dominick, while staying in an apartment owned by Jack... who reports secretly the going's on of the war the the U.S. press. Anne promises to care for Jack's son Dominick, should anything happen to him, and as the War is about to end, Anne finds Gilbert. On a train enroute out of Germany, Jack is shot to death, and Anne details the promise she had made to Jack to Gilbert. The two return to Avonlea in the fall of 1919, and having adopted Dominick, who arrives on a train as Anne had done as a young girl, they decide to start a new life in a neighboring community where Gilbert sets up medical practice--- allowing Diana and Fred, now an amputee, to live permanently at Green Gables.
tt0110002
Drama
In the year 1899, aboard the steamer Nellie, anchored in the River Thames near Gravesend, England, Charles Marlow tells his fellow sailors about the events that led to his appointment as captain of a river-steamboat for an ivory trading company. 10 years earlier. Marlow describes his passage on ships down the African coast and then into the interior to the Company's Outer Station of the Belgian Free State, which strikes Marlow as a scene of devastation: it is immensely disorganized, machinery parts scattered here and there; demolition explosions serving no apparent purpose are carried out periodically; native black men are chained together, wasted, demoralized, and literally being worked to death, and strolling beside them is another native working as a uniformed guard, carrying a rifle. At this station Marlow meets the Company's chief accountant who tells him of a Mr. Kurtz, explaining that Kurtz is a widely respected, first-class agent who brings in more ivory for the Company than all the other agents combined. Marlow departs with a caravan to travel on foot some 200 miles deeper into the wilderness to the Central Station, where the steamboat that he is to captain is based. When he arrives, he is shocked to learn that his steamboat had been wrecked two days earlier. The manager explains that they had tried to take the steamboat up-river because of rumors that an important station was in jeopardy and that its chief, Mr. Kurtz, was ill. Marlow describes the Company men at this station as lazy, back-biting "pilgrims", fraught with envy and greed, all trying to gain a higher status within the Company, which, in turn, would provide more personal profit; however, they seek these goals in a meaningless, ineffective and lazy manner, and Marlow senses that they are all merely waiting, while trying to stay out of harm's way. After fishing his boat out of the river, Marlow is frustrated by the months it takes to perform the necessary repairs, made all the slower by the lack of proper tools and replacement parts at the station. During this time, he learns that Kurtz is far from admired, but more or less resented (mostly by the manager). Not only is Kurtz's position at the Inner Station highly envied, but sentiment seems to be that Kurtz is undeserving of it, as he received the appointment only through his European connections. Once underway, the journey up-river to Kurtz's station takes two months. On board are the manager, three or four "pilgrims" and some twenty indigenous "cannibals" enlisted as crew. The steamboat stops briefly near an abandoned hut on the riverbank, where Marlow finds a pile of wood and a note indicating that the wood is for them and that they should proceed quickly but with caution as they near the Inner Station. The journey pauses for the night about eight miles below the Inner Station. In the morning, the crew awakens to find that the boat is enveloped by a thick white fog. From the riverbank they hear a very loud cry, followed by a discordant clamor. A few hours later, as safe navigation becomes increasingly difficult, the steamboat is attacked with a barrage of small arrows from the forest. The pilgrims fire blindly into the bush with their Winchester rifles, and the native serving as helmsman gives up steering to pick up a rifle and fire it. Marlow grabs the wheel to avoid snags in the river. The helmsman is impaled by a spear and falls at Marlow's feet. Marlow sounds the steam whistle repeatedly, frightening the attackers and causing the shower of arrows to cease. Marlow and a pilgrim watch the helmsman die, and Marlow forces the pilgrim to take the wheel so that he can fling his blood-soaked shoes overboard. Marlow and the rest of the crew presume (wrongly) that Mr. Kurtz is dead. In a flash forward, Marlow notes that the International Society for the Suppression of Savage Customs had commissioned Kurtz to write a report, which he did eloquently. A handwritten postscript, apparently added later by Kurtz, states "Exterminate all the brutes!" Marlow expresses that he does not believe Kurtz was worth the lives that were lost in trying to find him. After putting on a pair of slippers, he returns to the wheel-house and resumes steering. By this time the manager is there, and expresses a strong desire to turn back, but at that moment the Inner Station comes into view. At Kurtz's station, Marlow sees a man on the riverbank waving his arm, urging them to land. Because of his expressions and gestures, and all the colorful patches on his clothing, in between which possessions are shuffled, the man reminds Marlow of a harlequin. The pilgrims, heavily armed, escort the manager on to the shore to retrieve Mr. Kurtz. The harlequin-like man boards the steamboat, and turns out to be a Russian wanderer who had happened to stray into Kurtz's camp. He explains that he had left the wood and the note at the abandoned hut. Through conversation Marlow discovers just how wanton Kurtz can be, how the natives worship him, and how very ill he has been of late. The Russian admires Kurtz for his intellect and his insights into love, life, and justice, and suggests that he is a poet. He tells of how Kurtz opened his mind, and seems to admire him even for his power... and for his willingness to use it. Marlow, on the other hand, suggests that Kurtz has gone mad. From the steamboat, through a telescope, Marlow observes the station in detail and is surprised to see near the station house a row of posts topped with the severed heads of natives. Around the corner of the house, the manager appears with the pilgrims, bearing a gaunt and ghost-like Kurtz on an improvised stretcher. The area fills with natives, apparently ready for battle, but Kurtz shouts something from the stretcher, and the natives retreat into the forest. The pilgrims carry Kurtz to the steamer and lay him in one of the cabins, where he and the manager have a private conversation. Marlow watches a beautiful native woman walk in measured steps along the shore and stop next to the steamer. She raises her arms above her head and then walks back into the bushes. Marlow overhears Kurtz arguing with the manager, claiming his work at the Inner Station is not yet finished and that the Company is interfering with his plans. When the manager exits the cabin he pulls Marlow aside and tells him that Kurtz has harmed the Company's business in the region, that his methods are "unsound". Later, the Russian reveals that he believes the Company wants to kill him and remove Kurtz from the station, and Marlow confirms that hangings had been discussed. The Russian then informs Marlow that Kurtz had ordered the natives to attack the steamer, hoping the men from the Company would abandon their mission to remove him. The Russian insists that he must leave immediately, referring to a canoe waiting for him, and before he departs he notes how delightful it was to hear Kurtz recite poetry. After midnight, Marlow discovers that Kurtz has left his cabin on the steamer and returned to shore. He goes ashore and finds a very weak Kurtz crawling his way back to the station house, though not too weak to call to the natives for help. Marlow threatens to harm Kurtz if he raises an alarm, but Kurtz only laments that he had not accomplished more in the region. Marlow appreciates his serious situation, and when Kurtz begins in a threatening tone, Marlow interjects that his "success in Europe is assured in any case"; at this, Kurtz allows Marlow to carry him back to the steamer. The next day they prepare for their journey back down the river. The natives, including the ornately dressed woman, once again assemble on shore and begin to shout unintelligibly. Noticing the pilgrims readying their rifles, Marlow sounds the steam whistle repeatedly to scatter the crowd of natives. Only the woman remains unmoved, with outstretched arms. The pilgrims open fire as the current carries them swiftly downstream. Kurtz's health worsens on the return trip, and Marlow himself becomes increasingly ill. The steamboat breaks down and while it is stopped for repairs, Kurtz gives Marlow a packet of papers, including his commissioned report and a photograph, telling him to keep them away from the manager. When Marlow next speaks with him, Kurtz is near death; as he dies, Marlow hears him weakly whisper: "The horror! The horror!" Marlow blows out the candle and tries to act as though nothing has happened when he joins the other crew members for dinner. A short while later, the "manager's boy" appears and announces in a scathing tone: "Mistah Kurtz - he dead." The next day Marlow pays little attention to the pilgrims as they bury "something" in a muddy hole. He falls very ill, himself near death. Upon his return to Europe, Marlow is embittered and contemptuous of the "civilized" world. Many callers come to retrieve the papers Kurtz had entrusted to him: Marlow offers the report entitled "Suppression of Savage Customs" (with the postscriptum torn off) to a representative of the Company, knowing that he is really looking for papers that might disclose the whereabouts of ivory rather than a humanistic treatise, but the man refuses the document. To another man, who claims to be Kurtz's cousin, Marlow gives family letters and memoranda of no importance. He then gives the report to a journalist, for publication if he sees fit. Finally Marlow is left with some personal letters and a photograph of Kurtz's fiancée, whom Kurtz referred to as "My Intended". When Marlow visits her, she is dressed in black and still deep in mourning, although it has been more than a year since Kurtz's death. She presses Marlow for information, asking him to repeat Kurtz's final words, which in fact are "The horror! The horror!" echoing in his mind. Uncomfortable, Marlow lies and tells her that Kurtz's final word was her name.
tt0395571
Biography,Drama
An amazing heartbreaking movie that makes physics dramatic and human. A young man working against the clock invents a way of collapsing all time together--in reverse--and rewrites Genesis Chapter 1. Benedict Cumberbatch plays Stephen Hawking--as in ¨Sherlock,¨ the actor must project a great godlike man who is simultaneously brilliant, isolated, disruptive, and vulnerable. Unlike Sherlock, part of what separates Hawking is that he must inhabit a ruined body. His Hawking has wit and charm, but that becomes camouflaged by the inability to move or speak in a coordinated way. Cumberbatch has to project the great mind and sensitive soul in small gestures and looks--without appearing to be forcing it. He plays the role brilliantly--showing the slow degrees of breakdown, which could have been become ridiculous or mawkish. Physics is poetry written in numbers--and Hawking is the Shakespeare of this odd and elite brotherhood. To show us this, Cumberbatch has moments where his smile is so beautiful and engaging we feel as if we've seen the ¨Big Bang¨ go off in his head. His small awkward march to deliver his universe shattering thesis is one of the most tender and inspiring things I've ever watched--and remember, I've watched Brando in the closing scene in ¨On the Waterfront.¨
tt0117442
Biography,Drama,History
Based on the true story of Gregory Rasputin, a Russian peasant who rose from obscurity to become the controversial favourite of the Royal Family. Rasputin (Alan Rickman) makes his way to St. Petersburg after claiming to have seen several miraculous visions of the Virgin Mary. Once there, his curious magnetism and reputation for curing people earns him an invitation to the palace, where the Heir to the Throne has been stricken with apparently incurable haemophilia. Rasputin manages to soothe the boy and stop his bleeding attacks, several of which are almost fatal. Having witnessed these apparent miracle cures, Empress Alexandra (Greta Scacchi) is convinced that Rasputin is a messenger from God and she refuses to believe reports of his constant womanising and alcoholism. However, with the outbreak of war, Alexandra's friendship with Rasputin earns her hundreds of enemies who believe he is damaging the monarchy in a time of crisis - including Alexandra's husband, Tsar Nicholas (Sir Ian McKellen), who tries to banish Rasputin from the city. Faced with the empress's refusal to believe that Rasputin is anything other than a living saint, a group of ultra-monarchists (headed by James Frain) decide to take drastic measures to save the Throne.
tt0116607
Drama,Thriller
Warning: some details may be disturbing. If These Walls Could Talk is a made-for-HBO movie consisting of three segments, set in different time periods, with different characters--in the same house. Each segment focuses on a character facing an unexpected pregnancy, and how each character deals with the situation. The opening credits show various clips of news reports, interviews, protests, rallies and newspaper headlines regarding abortion. We see picket signs and hear comments from both sides of the issue. We hear a news anchor announcing the Supreme Court decision legalizing abortion, amid clips of people cheering and a sign reading Thank You Supreme Court. We also see a few commercial clips from the 50s, just married couples, a few family shots, among others. The first segment begins with a shot of the front of a house in the process of being painted, and the year 1952 is shown. Down the street, we see a nurse, Claire (Demi Moore) exiting a city bus, coming home from work after a night shift. After she enters her home, we see various photos, giving us a silent introduction to her and her life: pictures of her and her husband, pictures of them with his family, their wedding picture, his military picture, and finally, an "in memory of" card with her husband's picture. Claire walks about, closing the drapes in the front windows. Next, we see her sitting in a chair, deep in thought and obviously distressed. We then see Claire at work at the hospital, heading toward one of the doctors to speak to him in his office. Apparently he informed her of her pregnancy; she tells him she's been in shock since they spoke but that she's thought about it and knows what she needs to do--and needs his help and information. The doctor replies that she's putting him in an awkward position; he's known her in-laws for a long time. She says that she's thinking of them too, as they're all the family she has. She then asks the doctor to prescribe something for her; "I know there are things I could take, I just don't know the dosages." The doctor says he can't do that; it's illegal to terminate a pregnancy. He offers to give her the number of a home that can take care of the adoption and give her a place to stay. She says that's impossible, how can she go away for seven months? What would she tell everyone? The doctor says he doesn't know, and tells her one should think of that before one puts herself in this situation. We then see Claire sitting at home reading books on pregnancy and looking for information on abortion. Next, we see her rummaging through her medicine cabinet, and finding a bottle of prescription medicine. She pops several pills into her mouth and chases them with a glass of hard liquor. Afterwards, we see her vomiting in her bathroom, and we hear a knock at the door: Claires sister-in-law Becky. Claire grabs the pill bottle, wraps it in toilet paper and tosses it in the bathroom trash can. Becky is in the kitchen, carrying a toddler and washing Claires dishes. Claire enters and says she doesn't have to do that. Becky, who we see is about 6 months pregnant, apologizes for waking Claire, and Claire says she's just sick. She says hi to the baby, and Becky tells Claire no offense, but it's probably contagious and she doesn't need a sick baby. Becky said her mom wanted her to bring her some chicken soup, a hot water bottle, and Becky brought her some magazines. Claire says that Becky's mom does too much for her. Becky says you know how she is but to let her help--that by doing for Claire, she feels that she hasn't completely lost Steven (Claire's late husband.) Becky prepares to leave, and as Claire stands at her front door a mutual friend stops to speak to them. After Becky leaves, Claire calls Louise to come to the door. She does, and Claire says she has a friend with three kids at home, one in the hospital, and just found out she's pregnant and is overwhelmed. Claire asks if she knows anyone who can "do something." Louise says she doesn't, but figures she could ask around. She then says she's heard rumors about an old, big house in an area of abandoned houses--that her "friend" would have to be desperate. She suggests Claire ask at the hospital; someone there should know of a better place. We see Claire enter the nurses lounge, and speak to Nurse Jenny Ford about a patient--then she tells her about "her friend who's pregnant" and that she can't have the baby. Nurse Jenny asks what she wants from her; Claire says she'd hoped they could help her, and she "heard theres someone in ER..." Nurse Jenny is obviously offended. Claire apologizes, that she didn't know who to ask and she knew Nurse Jenny worked there the longest. Nurse Jenny says she'd like to keep working there--2 nurses were recently dismissed. As they are leaving the break room, Claire asks what she should tell her friend, and Nurse Jenny says she doesn't know--but don't ask her anymore. Next, Claire is in a cab looking for "the big house" Louise told her about. We see house after house, trashed and boarded up, and then the big house with a light on upstairs. Claire looks, and sees someone turn off the light--and is obviously turned off by the scene. The cab driver says he doesn't know what shes doing here, but he can wait (we get the sense he's taken women there before.) Claire says its OK, she made a mistake. Then we see Claire about to go to her in-laws for Thanksgiving, pinning her too-tight skirt and trying to zip it. She gives up and wears her shirt untucked. We then see the family finishing dinner, Claire serving everyone pie, then saying she has to leave to work that night. Becky offers to take her home, but Claire says the kids are tired, she'll just walk. The family objects and says Kevin (Steven's young brother) will take her home. We see that he's not comfortable with the idea. Before she leaves, Claire's mother-in-law says she's worried about her, and she's working too hard. Claire assures her she's fine. Mother-in-law says she doesn't want Claire to worry about money because they want to be able to take care of her--that they're still family. As Kevin takes Claire home, we sense uneasiness between the two. At home, she thanks him and starts to get out, but he stops her--becoming emotional and apologizing. During the conversation, we see flashbacks of Kevin confronting Claire about her drinking, Claire becoming upset, Kevin comforting her and then the two beginning to kiss--showing how she got into her situation. She says it's not his fault, she knows he didn't mean to hurt her, but he has to forget about it--"It never happened." Next, Claire is at work charting when Nurse Jenny hands her a piece of paper with a name and phone number, telling her to give Jenny's name. Claire thanks her, and we see that Nurse Jenny knows its Claire who wants the abortion. Claire calls the woman, Audrey, telling her how she got her number and why she's calling. Audrey says it's a woman in Puerto Rico--and the place is clean, but it will cost about $1000. Claire becomes upset, saying she doesn't have that kind of money. Audrey says this is the only one she would trust; but, hearing Claire upset, tells her she'll try to find someone closer--but she can't promise anything. We see Claire looking for and then finding a knitting needle, and then in her bathroom attempting to do the abortion herself. She injures herself; at that moment Becky knocks on the door and enters. She hears Claire sobbing, and finds her in the bathroom. She asks what's wrong, follows her to the bedroom and Claire reluctantly tells Becky she's pregnant. Becky assumes Claire was raped and asked who did this to her. Claire says she can't tell her, but confides that she was lonely, hurting, and didn't mean for it to happen--and that she's very sorry. Becky is shocked, saying her brother's been dead 6 months (as if Claire was supposed to be over it.) She says everyone knows us; you have to have this baby somewhere else. Claire says she can't have the baby, she needs an abortion. Becky asks how could she do this, then takes her child and before she leaves, says if her mother finds out it will kill her, so she doesn't give a damn what Claire does--and how dare Claire "shame us like this." Later, Audrey calls Claire to tell her she found someone named Tom who "comes to your house." She said it seems safer, and Claire asks for his number. Audrey says "you can't call him, he'll call you" and needs Claire's name and work number. Claire asks why, and Audrey assures her he'll be discreet but he needs to be able to reach her, and says he wants $400. We then see Claire at work, reacting to the nurse's station phone ringing when the call isn't for her. When Tom does call, he says he needs the $400 cash in full, asks for her address, tells her what items to have, and that he'll be there at 8:00 the next night. That night, Claire sits in her dining room, counting the money and waiting for Tom. He arrives, asks for the money, and she says he'll get it when its done. He turns to leave, saying he doesn't have time for games. She goes after him, saying come back, I'll give it to you, handing him the money. They enter her house and then the kitchen. He tells her to take off her underwear, and lie down on the table. As she does, she sees him getting out his instruments. She asks if he's going to disinfect them, to which he says they're fine. She says she doesn't want an infection, and he asks do you want to do this or not? She says yes, and he says OK, lets do it--lie down. He inserts the speculum, and as he begins she yells out in pain. He tells her several times not to move, the more you move the more it'll hurt. She tries to be still but is obviously in pain. Finally he says alright, that's it. He wipes off and puts away his instruments, tells her she'll have some cramping and bleeding. He says if she starts to hemorrhage, call the hospital. She asks if she's OK, getting no answer and only hearing the kitchen door and then her front door slam. She lies on the table a moment, holding her stomach and still in discomfort. Finally, we see Claire standing but hanging on to a kitchen counter, calling the hospital--"I need your help." Blood is all over the floor and between her legs. We hear the woman on the phone ask for her address. Claire becomes disoriented, falls to her knees and drops the phone. The woman on the phone says they can't send an ambulance without the address, and saying hello. The scene fades. We see the front of the house again, the camera moving in on the upstairs window and back, with a different appearance of the house. A caption reads 1974. In this segment, a new family lives in the house and there is no connection (other than the house) or mention of the previous characters. The segment begins with an early to mid 40-something woman (Sissy Spacek) at her kitchen table, writing, waiting for the toaster, and watching the clock. We see her children, two about middle-school age and two high-school age, getting up and ready for school. Then, we see Barbara (Spacek) on the phone asking about her pregnancy test results, and they tell her the test was positive. As she hangs up, her kids come down to eat, and we see that Barbara is shocked but tries to control her emotions. The kids fuss and argue, and then the father comes home from a night shift job. He sees Barbara is upset, and she says they need to talk--later. Barbara runs out the front door to her friend Julia, waiting to pick her up for her college class. Julia sees she's upset, asks what's wrong, and Barbara says she's pregnant--then urges Julia to "drive, drive." Julia pulls over, despite Barbara's objection, and says they're going to talk. She asks if John knows; Barbara says no, she just found out. Julia says she knows it's a shock, and knows what she's going through. We find out Julia has had an abortion when Barbara simply asks, "Do you regret it?" Julia says no, even though her friends said she'd be depressed and feel guilty--she was "so relieved." She points out that not everybody's the same. Barbara checks out Our Bodies, Ourselves in the library and then talks to her professor about the topic for her paper. She wants to find out how a woman writer, with children, has time to write and balance their lives. Her professor encourages her. Later, we see Barbara reading about abortion in the book she checked out. We then hear her oldest daughter, Linda, behind her saying that's a good book. Barbara says casually, "oh, you've read it?" Linda says she owns it. Barbara starts putting groceries away, and as Linda starts helping her, tells her she can "get one" at a health clinic. Mom pretends she doesn't know what she's talking about. Linda says "It's your legal right." When mom still plays ignorance, Linda says she saw her reading about abortion, then asks if she's going to get one. Mom says she's not ready to talk about it, but thanks her for the information. Later that evening, from the kitchen, we hear oldest brother's band rehearsing in the garage. John comes down after sleeping, and after getting the kids out for a moment alone, Barbara tells him she's pregnant. John is surprised as well. They don't get much chance to talk with the kids arguing and some of them in/out of the kitchen. We then see Barbara and John in their room, discussing the news. John expresses that "its done" and "we'll just have to figure it out." Barbara doesn't express the same sentiment, saying she thought she was through having kids and objecting to John's statement that her degree will have to wait and everyone else has to make sacrifices--him not getting to retire early, Linda not getting to go to the expensive school, instead going to state college. We see a shot of Linda overhearing, with a friend visiting, and slamming her door. John keeps asking what else she wants to do, what is she saying is the alternative? Barbara keeps saying she doesn't know. A look on John's face appears that he may be wondering if she's considering abortion, but it doesn't come up. After John leaves for work, Linda races downstairs to tell mom shes not giving up going away to college "just because you guys screwed up." Mom says she doesn't want her to give that up, that nothing is decided yet, and she doesn't want everyone in the house to know about this until they've decided what to do. Linda, caught up in the women's lib movement in full swing at that time, sees the newly legalized abortion as a simple solution to mom's problem. She doesn't understand why mom isn't jumping at the opportunity. She tells mom to be a "martyr" but she's not going to pay for mom's mistakes. Next, Barbara is telling Julia how Linda reacted, and Julia says her daughter calls her a martyr too. Barbara says "after all I do for her," listing a few. Julia says that's a martyr. Barbara disagrees, but Julia says to listen to herself--they're both one; and self sacrifice, unconditional love is BS. They expect gratitude for what they do. Later, after Barbara reads a book on a past woman poet, she calls the local clinic to ask for information on abortion. Then, she enters her daughters' room while Linda is on the phone. Barbara tells her to get off the phone so they can talk. She tells Linda that she's still going away to college. Linda tells mom she doesn't think mom wants to have this baby, and asks if the baby would have a good life if the mother resents it being there. Mom says she's exaggerating how she feels, to which Linda says she doesn't think she knows how she feels. She says we know how dad feels, how Linda feels, but that mom isn't giving herself the right to her opinion. Mom says she has her opinions, but doesn't feel the need to shout it out to the whole world. We then see Barbara telling her professor that she discovered all the women poets didn't balance anything--their lives were a mess. Her professor tells her don't give up, maybe you can make something of what you found. We then see her watching a group of college kids on the lawn, one strumming a guitar, as she's in thought. Next, she's in the kitchen helping her youngest son with his homework, sees younger daughter and oldest son talking and not arguing, and Linda outside being kissed by a boyfriend--which brings a few tears to mom's eyes. John comes in to say good night, preparing to leave for work. Finally, mom comes into Linda's room and tells her what she's decided--she's going to have the baby. Linda is obviously disappointed, and mom says it's the only decision she can live with. Linda gives a light smile and a "that's great--really." Mom says she knows everything seems simple when you're young. She then goes over to hug her daughter, and says not to worry, it's what she wants--it'll be OK. The camera moves away from them and the segment ends. Once again we see a shot of the house front, camera moves in and back, the house's appearance again changed, and the year 1996 is shown. This time, the house is occupied by several college students. We see them coming and going, music blaring, a yard sale next door, and a young girl (Anne Heche, "Christine") talking to a man (Craig T. Nelson) in a jeep. We learn that she's an architecture student and he's her professor. He's telling her she left so quickly she forgot her blueprints, and compliments her on her work. Chris smiles at him with the "school-girl crush" look, and he shatters her feelings by handing her an envelope with cash inside. He asks her what she expected, what did she think would happen--to which she replies, "That you cared--I expected that you cared about me." He says he does care, and then "I'm late, I have to go." Chris tells him sarcastically not to let her keep him. She heads inside, past a guy who tells her there's a party that night. She says she never misses a party. We then see a TV with a talk show on, with arguing and words bleeped out--further illustrating how different times are compared to the first two segments. Chris' roommate, Patti, (Jada Pinkett) asks how the girl on TV talks to her mother like that, and cheers when a man in the audience says he wouldn't talk to his mother like that. Christine comes in, and the girls are living in what appears to be the house's attic. It takes a moment for Patti to notice Chris, then she finally turns off the TV and tells Chris her mom called, telling her a few things Chris' mom said. Patti then says she went to a bookstore that day and found the best books on pregnancy, diet, etc. Chris gives a sarcastic "Yay," to which Patti asks what is wrong. Chris said that she'd just seen Jim, and that he basically said "See ya--wouldn't want to be ya," then gave her money. Patti says she'd really like to know what he thinks she's going to do with that. Chris asks what Patti thinks he expects, and then says maybe he's right. Patti asks what Chris means by that, that Chris doesn't even believe in abortion. Chris says OK, shes a hypocrite and a coward, but she can't go through with this. Patti says so you've decided to kill your baby?? Chris asks why this is so important to her, to which Patti replies that this isn't--she is. They'd been friends 8 ½ years we hear, and Patti says "I know you--if you get this abortion, you won't be able to live with yourself. Please think about what you're doing." Chris replies, "Think about it? Im 10 weeks already! How long you want me to think?" Patti finally tells her if she gets an abortion, she's on her own, and walks away. Next, Chris is riding her bike down a street and we hear a group of women praying the Hail Mary in front of an abortion clinic. Christine gets off her bike, starts toward the clinic, when one of the women stops her, asks her name, and says, "You're not going in there to get an abortion, are you?" The woman's daughter, Doreen, approaches carrying a baby and tells Chris to just hear her out a minute. She says she has four kids, and that she's not rich or a supermom, but she's grateful for God's gifts to her--her children. She says maybe you're not married, but your baby shouldn't have to pay for that. Chris tries to walk away, and Doreen tells her to just wait--when she has her baby and holds him/her in her arms, the love and maternal instinct just takes over. Then a clinic escort, Francis, approaches and asks what happens to the mothers who beat, abandon, or murder their kids because they didn't want them in the first place. Their maternal instinct just didn't click in like Doreen's. The protesters try to stop Chris, saying they can help her financially, but Chris continues inside. Inside, Chris is given paperwork to fill out and read. We see her getting her vitals taken, blood drawn, and finally talking to a counselor, Marcia (Diana Scarwid) who says she's not clear if Chris wants to be there, or if someone's pressuring her. Chris replies that she wants to be there but doesn't, and is just confused. The counselor is understanding, and goes over options with her. Chris asks about the women outside saying they can help with expenses. The counselor says they have been able to help some women, with baby supplies and a place to live temporarily. The counselor asks if Chris has tried to talk to her parents; Chris says they're really strict Catholics; she's one of five kids and considered "the good kid." The counselor asks about the relationship that caused the pregnancy. Chris explains that situation, and goes on that it isn't fair that he gets to go about his life and she's there, making this decision. She then expresses concern about "the baby being ripped out of me" and asks if it can feel it, as she's been told. The counselor assures her that even though the people outside are saying that, she's asked this of the medical workers she trusts and that it is not true--a first trimester abortion is painless to the embryo. Chris says this is hard, and the counselor empathizes--and says she's there to help her be clear on her decision. Outside, we see the women singing and Chris exiting, telling Francis she couldn't go through with it. Francis tells her it's OK, to take her time and think about it. The women tell Chris they'll pray for her, and Chris says she didn't do it. The women stand and join hands in a rejoicing prayer, and Doreen writes a number down for Chris to call them--which Chris snatches out of her hand. We see the clinic doctor (Cher) leaving and asking Doreen how her baby's doing, and Doreen's mother politely says "Good afternoon, Doctor." We see Chris in the bathtub, talking to her mother on the phone. They have a decent conversation, but at one point it seems Chris wants to tell her she's pregnant--but then tells mom to go ahead and get her door, she'll talk to her later. Later, Chris is walking about, a party at the house in full swing. She sees Patti, who looks away. Chris continues about, talking to a guy and obviously impaired. She finally heads upstairs, plops down, and is startled by Patti turning on a light. Chris says she noticed while in the bathtub she looks pregnant--that she looks pregnant because she chickened out, but she's going back tomorrow. Patti angrily asks why Chris is telling her this. Chris says to excuse her for being confused--she's not always right--she doesn't always have the right answer. Patti tells her that's BS, she knows what to do; she just wont accept it. Chris tells her that's right, that's right girlfriend--I'm so screwed! Chris gets up and sits in a chair, and starts crying. She tells Patti she made a mistake--one hell of a big mistake. She asks if her friend, her f'ing best friend, can forgive her for making a mistake; as she sobs heavily Patti keeps giving Chris a dirty look. Finally, Patti gets up, hands Chris a tissue and sits down to hug her. Chris asks if Patti could help her, if she can for once throw her morals away and help her. Patti tells her it's cool, she'll be there for her. Patti and Chris pull up to the clinic, to the sound of sirens and a large crowd of protesters. Patti says this looks too intense and says maybe they should come back tomorrow. Chris says she can't, she just wants to get it over with. They make their way through the crowd, and the women who saw her the day before asks why she's back there, they talked about this yesterday. They try to no avail to stop her; Francis and another woman help Chris and Patti inside. A man yells to Chris that if she gets an abortion, she's still a mother--just a mother of a dead baby. They make it inside, a couple is helped inside with the girl hysterical, and the staff is talking about how bad it is outside. As Chris is taken to a room for the abortion, we see Dr. Thompson trying to pull in and protesters surrounding her vehicle, yelling at her. Chris watches from a window inside. Marcia, the counselor, is there and tells her Dr. Thompson flies twice a week to a clinic that always has picketers. Dr. Thompson is later inside a room, taking off a bullet-proof vest, sitting and trying to gather her emotions before starting. We see the outside/inside scenes back and forth; a group sitting singing "Jesus loves the little children," other people yelling, holding signs and picketing. A woman staff member says the people are crazy, to which Patti, behind her says they're not--that one man might be a little radical but their overall concept is right. The woman asks what she's doing in there. We then see Dr. Thompson enter and introduce herself, listens to Christine's heart, and tells her to lie back. Chris tells her she's nervous, to which the doctor says its OK, it's perfectly normal. As Chris lies down, she asks the doctor with all she has to deal with, why does she still do this? The doctor says she remembers what it was like when it was illegal for women to make this decision and doesn't want to see those days come again--and when a woman tells her she doesn't know what she would have done without her help, she knows she's doing the right job. Dr. Thompson prepares to begin the procedure, and explains to Chris everything as she goes along. We see Patti and the staff member talking again, and Shameeka asks Patti if she thinks the 12-year-old in there last week should've had the baby. Patti says she could've given it up for adoption, to which Shameeka says yeah, right girlfriend. She tells Patti she's living in a fantasy world, because she was just thinking what a "big demand" there was for black babies. As Chris is prepped, the counselor talks to her, asking about school--we see the outside scenes still alternate with inside--and Marcia tells Chris she's going to hear a suction machine, which we then hear. Chris is silent, staring at the ceiling and crying softly. We see Shameeka and Patti again; Shameeka says she sees this all the time--you people come in, get your abortion, and the next day back out there on the line. The clinic administrator passes, hears this, and reprimands Shameeka that this is inappropriate conversation in there. The administrator is then bumped into by a nervous young man who we saw earlier with his hysterical girlfriend. He apologizes, saying he was just looking for the restroom. Back to Chris; the doctor tells her its almost over. We see a large swab covered in blood, which Chris sees and looks away with disgust. The doctor tells her it's all done, she came through like a trooper, and Chris sighs with relief. Suddenly, the door bursts open, and there stands the young boy seen earlier. He aims a gun at the doctor, yells "Murderer!" and begins shooting at the doctor. Chris and Marcia scream, and a bloodied Dr. Thompson falls to the floor. The boy, aiming the gun at Chris, asks if he shot her; he didn't mean to. He puts the gun on the floor, again apologizing to Chris and saying he didn't mean to hurt her. He leaves the room; Marcia gets up from the floor, sounds an alarm and as she runs from the room, yells that the doctor's been shot. Chris gets down from the table, down onto the floor, and helps a still (but barely) alive Dr. Thompson turn over. Dr. Thompson smiles lightly at Chris. The camera backs away, in a view from the ceiling, blood spreading about the floor. Chris cradles Dr. Thompson and yells "Somebody! Help!" The segment ends and credits roll in front of the 1996 view of the house.
tt0206064
Drama,Family,Sport
Set in the high mountains of Vermont and the giant waves of Hawaii's surf, Johnny Tsunami is an exciting adventure about a 13-year-old boy who learns to adapt to his new surroundings after his family moves from one extreme environment to another. Johnny Tsunami is filled with life's lessons in family and friendships and packed with snowboarding and surfing action. Johnny Kapahaala (Brandon Baker) is a 13-year-old surfing sensation enjoying his carefree life in Hawaii. Living in Hawaii, Johnny K is surrounded by his surfing buddies, his parents and most importantly, his legendary grandfather Johnny Tsunami (Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa) who he greatly admires. Plus, he is able to enjoy his life's passion, surfing. With the help of his grandfather, Johnny K became a champion surfer at an early age. In his own day, Johnny's grandfather was known worldwide as having won the most prestigious surfing medal, the Tsunami medallion (thus his nickname, Johnny Tsunami). This medallion is something Johnny K has coveted all of his life and has dreamed of winning himself one day. Johnny Kapahaala's Hawaiian life is turned upside-down when his father, Pete Kapahaala (Yuji Okumoto) announces that he is moving the family from Hawaii to Vermont. Pete is the opposite of his father, Johnny Tsunami, and is a businessman, not a surfer. An expert in computers, Pete has developed a classroom computer network program CLASSNET, which links schools together so they may share files and information. Johnny K is disappointed about the move to Vermont as it means moving away from his grandfather and no longer being able to surf. Taking advice from his grandfather, he knows he must keep a positive attitude and make the best of his new home. Upon his arrival in Vermont, Johnny K is quickly aware that he is a fish out of water. His father enrolls him in a private school, Sky Academythe same school that has hired his father to implement his computer program, CLASSNET. His first introductions are with Brett (Zach Bostrom) and his friends, which include Emily Pritchard (Kirsten Storms) whom Johnny immediately likes. Brett isn't exactly friendly to Johnny, and right away a rivalry develops between the two boys, with Emily caught in the middle. In order to try and fit in, Johnny K takes Brett up on an offer to go skiingsomething that is a must for Sky Academy students. Johnny figures with his skills in surfing that skiing could not be all that difficult, but quickly realizes it is going to take some time for him to master the sport. Brett, of course, is pleased that Johnny is having a hard time with skiing. Riding the bus home from school one day, Johnny sees a group of boys snowboarding which piques his interest. Johnny K befriends a snowboarder by the name of Sam (Lee Thompson Young) and asks him to teach him how to master the sport. Sam explains to Johnny K that only public school kids snowboard and are referred to as "Urchins" and private school kids, like Johnny, known as "Skies" ski. Sam also explains that the mountain in their town is divided"Skies" on one side and "Urchins" on the other, and the two do not mix. Johnny K convinces Sam to teach him to snowboard and they become fast friends. Johnny K finally feels he belongs in Vermont and has found his niche in snowboarding and the "Urchins." Of course, when Brett and the rest of the "Skies" find out, they make Johnny's school life difficult. Sam learns that he and his father, an Air Force pilot, have been transferred and he will be moving away from Vermont. Upset by this, Sam and Johnny K devise a plan and stowaway on an Air Force plane heading to Hawaii, to be with Johnny's grandfather. Johnny Tsunami, of course, convinces the boys upon their arrival, to contact their parents and explain what they have done. He also convinces the boys' parents to let them stay in Hawaii a few days. Reluctant, Sam and Johnny K's parents agree. Johnny and Sam enjoy their days in Hawaii surfing and hanging out with his grandfather. After a few days of Hawaii and guidance from Johnny's grandfather, the boys realize they need to head back to Vermontwith Johnny Tsunami, of course! Pete was not at all happy about Johnny Tsunami returning home with the boys, but soon realizes that his father does have a positive influence on young Johnny K, after all. Soon after his return, Johnny K meets up with his nemesis, Brett. Johnny K seizes the opportunity and challenges Brett to a racehe on his snowboard and Brett on skis. Johnny K even takes the challenge a little further and claims the prize will be control of the mountain. If Johnny K wins, "Skies" and "Urchins" will mix, and the mountain will not be segregated between skiing and snowboarding. The day of the race arrives and Johnny is nervous but excited. Once he arrives at the mountain for the race, he is even more pleased to see those he cares about most are there to cheer him onSam, his grandfather, his mother, and most importantly, his father. The race begins and off they go neck and neck all the wayhearts pounding and everyone cheering.
tt0087056
Drama,Family,Fantasy
In London on Christmas Eve 1843, Ebenezer Scrooge (George C. Scott) is a bitter, miserly businessman who does not share the merriment of Christmas. His loyal clerk, Bob Cratchit (David Warner), comments that Jacob Marley has been dead for seven years, but is gruffly ordered to return to work by Scrooge. Bob attempts to add some coal to an almost nonexistent fire, but is stopped by Scrooge, who gives him a curt and cutting lecture on clothing as protection against the cold, and that "coal burns, coal is momentary, and coal is costly". Scrooge declares that there will be no more coal burned in the office that day, and orders Cratchit to return to work lest he be fired. Bob returns to his desk as Scrooge's nephew Fred Holywell (Roger Rees) cheerfully enters the office; Scrooge mocks his cheerful demeanor, calling Christmas a "humbug", a holiday that has never done anyone any good, summing up his view with a very well-known quote, in a mockingly cheerful manner, "If I could work my will, every fool with 'Merry Christmas' on his lips would be boiled in his own pudding and buried with a stake of holly through his heart." Despite this declaration, Fred patiently states that his own views of how Christmas has benefited him in many ways, even if not with momentary gain. "Though it has not put a scrap of gold or silver in my pocket, it has done me good; and I say 'God bless it!'" Bob applauds from his desk in the office, only to be sternly warned by Scrooge that he will spend Christmas unemployed should he make more noise. Fred invites his uncle to dinner, who curtly declines, and dismisses his nephew with, "You are wasting my time." Despite his uncle's rudeness, Fred maintains his good humor, wishing Bob and his family a Merry Christmas as he departs the office. Scrooge prepares to leave for the Exchange; he grudgingly gives Bob Christmas Day off with pay, likening it to "picking a man's pocket every twenty-fifth of December", wanting him to be at work all the earlier the next day. As he leaves for the Exchange, Scrooge encounters Bob's youngest son Tiny Tim waiting across from Scrooge's office. The lad is a naïve and very sick boy who walks with a crutch but is unfailingly cheerful and polite, courteously greeting Scrooge as the man walks by. Scrooge mistakes Tim for a beggar, but after the lad introduces himself, Scrooge assures him that he will have a long wait for his father in the cold. Tim cheerfully thanks Scrooge and continues his wait for his father. In the stock exchange, Scrooge is greeted by three other businessmen who wish to purchase some corn; they have delayed in concluding the deal, apparently in hopes that Scrooge will lower his price. However, Scrooge informs them to their dismay that the price has gone up 5% because of the delay, and unless they come to an agreement, the price would go up another 5% the next day. Before leaving, Scrooge informs them that he will not ship without the cash in hand. After being approached by two gentlemen collecting money for charity, Mr. Poole and Mr. Hacking, Scrooge turns down their offer. In his house, Scrooge encounters the ghost of his dead business partner Marley, who warns him to repent his wicked ways or he will be condemned in the afterlife like he did, carrying heavy chains for his own greedy ways. He informs Scrooge of the coming visits of three time-traveling spirits for that night. At one o'clock, Scrooge meets the Ghost of Christmas Past, who takes him back in time to his childhood and his early adult life. They visit Scrooge's time as a boarding school student, when he spent the holidays alone with only his books for company. He sees his father Silas, who has him become an employee for Fezziwig, and his sister Fan, who died after giving birth to Fred. Eventually becoming a successful career in money lending and business, Scrooge becomes engaged to a woman named Belle. However, the spirit shows Scrooge how Belle left him one afternoon, when he expressed his reluctance towards focusing on his increasing finances or their relationship. The visions conclude with a display of Belle's married family several years later on Christmas Eve. When her husband informs her of sighting Scrooge, she wistfully considers him a "poor, wretched man". Unable to watch any more memories, Scrooge puts out the Ghost of Past with its cap as he returns to the present. At two o'clock, Scrooge meets the Ghost of Christmas Present, who shows the joys and wonders of Christmas Day. Scrooge and the Ghost visit Bob's house, learning his family is surprisingly content with their small dinner, and Scrooge takes pity on Tim when he learns of his terminal health. The two then visit Fred's Christmas party and Fred's pity towards his uncle, hoping to gain his uncle's trust on behalf of Fan. Scrooge and the spirit go to a desolate street and encounter a poor family, whose father has ambiguously come across menial means of food and is considering taking the family to a poorhouse to get them off the streets. Before disappearing, the Ghost of Present displays to Scrooge the youthful, impoverished forms of Ignorance and Want. The Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come arrives next, appearing as a silent cloaked shadow, and takes Scrooge into the future. Scrooge witnesses businessmen discussing the death of an unnamed colleague where they would only attend the funeral if lunch is provided. The spirit shows him that several of his possessions have been stolen and brought to a fence named Old Joe. The spirit transports Scrooge to Bob's residence where he learns that Tim has died. Scrooge is escorted to a cemetery, where the spirit points out his own grave, revealing Scrooge was the man who died. Realizing this, Scrooge swears repentance and kindness on the remainder of his life, and collapses sobbing on the tombstone. Awakening in his house on Christmas Day, Scrooge finds the Ghosts of Christmas had visited him all in one night. Gleeful for his redemption, Scrooge decides to surprise Bob's family with a turkey dinner, ventures out with the charity workers and the citizens of London to spread happiness in the city, and accepts Fred's invitation after reconciling with him. The following day, he gives Cratchit a raise and becomes like a second father to Tim, who survives and outgrows his crutches. A changed man, Scrooge now treats everyone with kindness, generosity, and compassion; he now embodies the spirit of Christmas.
tt0256459
Drama,Romance
The movie begins with Jane (Ellen Muth) narrating about her life from her birth, to her first birthday and even her first day of kindergarten. Throughout the events, Jane talks about how overprotective her parents have been of her. The film jumps to Jane at age 15, starting her first day of high school. Although Jane appears to be happy and a normal teenage girl to her friends and family, inside she's feeling alone and different, particularly due to her lack of interest in boys which her friends take note of. Her feelings grow more confusing when a new girl named Taylor arrives in class (Alicia Lagano) who Jane sees (and says in a voice over) as "different, smarter, wiser". She then continues to say in the voice over that "maybe because she wasn't from here or maybe it was just her. I'm going to go with the last one, because she ended up changing my life." The two initially become innocent friends by Jane helping her get caught up in class due to delayed paperwork for her transfer. Eventually Jane's feelings start to become gradually clearer and she realizes that she has a crush on Taylor. Because of Taylor's abusive home life, she misses school for several days, causing Jane to worry about her and to visit her at her house. When Taylor's mother starts yelling at her for being at the door, Taylor tells Jane to leave and that she'll be fine. Worried about her friend and struggling with figuring herself out, Jane starts to become withdrawn from her parents, who are starting to grow concerned. When Jane's mother, Janice (Stockard Channing), finally tries to talk about what's been going on, they're interrupted by Jane's father coming in while announcing that Taylor has come for a visit. After they're left alone by Jane's parents, Taylor confesses about her home life and how scared she is sometimes. Jane, wanting to comfort her, brushes Taylor's hair away and begins stroking it. Taylor stares at her for a moment, before she and Jane share their first kiss. In a voice over, Jane wonders to herself if kissing Taylor made her gay and that, at the time, she convinced herself that "it was just a phase". She then goes on to say that "it was the first time [she] ever felt connected to someone". After that, the two become an official couple. Janice does not like Taylor, believing she's a bad influence on Jane, since she is no longer hanging out with her old friends and doesn't spend as much time with the family like she previously has. A while later, Taylor invites Jane over to her house since her mother is going to be out of town. Despite being terrified of her still confused feelings, Jane and Taylor get into bed and have sex for the first time. The next day at school, Jane tells Taylor that "it was a mistake" and that she's not gay. Taylor says it's not about being gay, it's about being with the person you want to be with. Hurt, Taylor breaks up with Jane. With Taylor gone from her life, Jane is more withdrawn and heartbroken. When she finally gets over her confusion, she asks Taylor for a second chance, but Taylor turns her down. Distraught, Jane begins to cry and is then confronted by her English teacher/guidance counselor Ms. Walcott (Rowan). Ms. Walcott takes Jane into her office and, with some gentle encouraging, Jane confesses that she had sex with someone for the first time and about her situation with Taylor. However, she's careful to not specifically say the person is another girl and instead uses such euphemisms as "they're" and "this person". Ms. Walcott then suggests that Jane write Taylor a note to express how she feels and why she acted the way she did. Jane does and a few days later, Taylor shows up at her house, while Jane is babysitting her brother while her parents are out. Thinking her brother is asleep on the couch, Jane takes Taylor up to her room and, after reconciling, the two share a kiss. While they do so, they are unaware of Jane's brother watching them through her partially open bedroom door. Jane's brother tells his close classmate in class about Jane and Taylor, who happens to be the younger brother of one of Jane's former friends whom she stopped seeing in order to see Taylor more. As a result, one night after dinner, Janice gets an anonymous phone call from someone asking if she knows her daughter is a lesbian. Not knowing what to do, Jane's parents confront her about it and ask if it's true. Fearing that her parents will hate her, Jane lies and claims that she and Taylor were just practicing, which is what her father already assumed they were doing. Confused and consumed with guilt for lying to her parents about her true relationship with Taylor, Jane seeks advice from her mother's gay friend Jimmy (RuPaul) and comes out to him. Jimmy explains that it will get easier and that when the time is right, she'll tell her parents the truth. Eventually the harassment and name calling gets too much for Jane at school and, during dinner, Jane says how she wants to see Taylor only for her younger brother to call Taylor a dyke. Snapping, Jane attacks him by pulling him across the dining room table and hitting him. When her parents yell at her and say that she should rise above gossip, Jane confesses that it's not just gossip and comes out to her parents as a lesbian. Shocked, hurt and angry, both her parents initially react badly to it, assuming that they had done something wrong as parents and decide that they will do whatever it takes to make their daughter's life "better" for her. They forbid Jane from seeing Taylor and send her to conversion therapy since they feel it's the only way to "fix" the situation. Therapy proves useless and Jane and Taylor still continue to see each other, even going as far as sneaking out to a gay bar, which Jane gets grounded for when she comes home at 4 AM. Janice, meanwhile, goes to her two close friends to talk about the situation. Despite both her friends saying that Janice should accept Jane for who she is, as it is a mother's duty to love her child, Janice refuses to as she believes Jane is ruining her life. Soon, the sneaking around and drama becomes too much for Taylor and she breaks up with Jane, breaking her heart. Ms. Walcott, who happened to have been by, stops to comfort Jane when seeing her crying. She then explains to Jane that it will get better and that she understands what she's going through. At first Jane doesn't believe her, but Ms. Walcott comes out to her as a lesbian and tells her the story of her first time falling in love with a girl named Barbara when she was sixteen. She explains how she naively thought that she and Barbara would be together forever, but was eventually dumped by Barbara for a male football star at their school. As Ms. Walcott says she thought it was "the end of the world" for her at the time, but eventually emotionally healed and moved forward, Jane starts to feel better. However, during lunch at school, she's confronted by her old friends who begin taunting her about being a lesbian. Jane ends up attacking one of them, causing her to get suspended. After Janice picks up Jane from school following the suspension and they walk out of the high school, a group of boys make homophobic remarks about Jane in front of her mother, who is hurt by the comments. Jane sarcastically says she doesn't know why her mother should care as she is "one of them". At home, Janice tries to confront her daughter about her remark and claims that what Jane is doing isn't normal, Jane angrily begins to rant that gay people are perfectly normal, unintentionally outing Ms. Walcott in the process. Believing that Ms. Walcott is influencing her daughter to be a lesbian, Janice declares that such a person shouldn't be a teacher. Distressed, Jane collapses into her father's arms and begins to sob for how her mother is reacting and treating her. Janice angrily confronts Ms. Walcott at the school, demanding that she stay away from her daughter and threatening to go to the school board if she doesn't. Later on at home, Jane's parents announce that they feel sending her away to boarding school will be the best way to handle the situation, explaining how they're at a loss for what to do. Jane tells them that sending her away isn't going to change who she is and storms off. Having nowhere else to go, she runs away to Ms. Walcott's house, meeting her partner. Jane apologizes to her for outing her and tells her that she is considering suicide as she can't stand having her parents hate her so much. Knowing exactly how she feels and wanting to help Jane before it is too late, Ms. Walcott goes to Jane's parents and tells them her own personal experience growing up as a lesbian with parents who refused to accept her and, when Janice claims to know Jane better than she does, tells them about Jane considering suicide. Stunned into realization that they need to learn to accept Jane before losing her forever, they go along with Ms. Walcott back to her home. Janice and Jane talk and the two reconcile, though their relationship is still strained. In an attempt to make her mother more comfortable with things, Jane takes her to a PFLAG (Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays) meeting, where they hear a story from another mother whose situation mirrored their own. Janice continues to go to the meetings, despite still being uncomfortable with things and still being unable to admit that her daughter is a lesbian. When it comes time for a pride rally, Janice announces at dinner that she's not going to go because she's still not ready, which obviously hurts Jane. Later that night, Janice apologizes and says she's trying. But Jane says that accepting her in private isn't enough as it still proves a part of her mother is still ashamed of her. Jane later attends the rally with her father, brother, Jimmy and another friend of her mother's and are eventually joined by Ms. Walcott and her partner. In the ending of the film, when it's time for the PFLAG parents from Janice's group to speak, Jane looks around at the crowd and sees her mother walking through the crowd towards her. Realizing her mother has finally learned to accept her, the two happily smile at each other as Janice joins Jane and their family and friends by their side.
tt0350811
Drama,Horror,Mystery
Based as a prequel to the Stephen King mini-serie's 'Rose Red', 'The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer' is based Rose Red, a haunted house with a disturbing past. The Seattle mansion was constructed at the turn of the 20th century by oil magnate, John Rimbauer, who built the house for his bride, Ellen, while on honeymoon in Africa. From the early stages of construction, the house is rocked by tragedy and scandal. Murders, suicides and mysterious disappearances suggest Rose Red has a mind of its own, choosing who shall vanish within its walls. The movie hears Ellen Rimbauer in voice over read her diary and are given a glimpse of the Seattle elite in the early 1900's. We see Ellen Rimbauer develop from a young bride to a tormented matriarch. The diary entries gradually become darker and more daunting. Guests to Rose Red vanish and Ellen is afraid of her own home. Societal pressures keep her married to John Rimbauer. Aside from the house's frightening faults, Mrs. Rimbauer candidly discusses the cruel and sexually-twisted intentions of her once-admired husband. The diary includes recollections of explicit erotic acts, serial murder and sexual ambiguity. 'The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer increases in disturbance until its abrupt end. 'Rose Red' documents the fictional work of the fictional Dr. Joyce Reardon in her attempt to unlock the secrets of the house before it's demolished. The troubled history of Rose Red and its inhabitants are the subjects of Dr. Reardon's life-long work. Her mentor vanished from the house thirty years prior and its been her obsession ever since. In 1998, Dr. Reardon purchased Ellen Rimbauer's personal journal. The writings were "authenticated" and compiled for a publication titled The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer: My Life at Rose Red. (There was a book published as a tie-in promotion for the 'Rose Red' mini-series and authorship under the pseudonym Joyce Reardon. Controversy over authorship went on over years whether Stephen or Tabitha King could have possible tomed the book until it was determined that Ridley Pearson was actually the author.) The movie was based on this book and the voice-overs are tken directly from the diary entries although some liberty is taken with both characters, timelines, and plot. After watching The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer, you'll want to see the mini-series you will want to see Stephen King's Rose Red mini-series.
tt0070003
Horror
"Bistritz, Hungary May 1897". Natives in Transylvania seem afraid when they learn solicitor Jonathan Harker is going to Castle Dracula on business. Jonathan shows up, and finds the Count abrupt and impatient to get things done. He reacts very strongly to a photograph of Harker's fiancee Mina and her best friend Lucy. After rescuing Harker from his three Brides, the Count forces Harker to write a letter saying that he will be staying in Transylvania for a month. Harker climbs down the castle wall and finds Dracula's coffin, but is attacked and knocked out by one of Dracula's gypsy servants before he can stake Dracula. They later throw him in the lower levels of the crypt, where the Brides attack Harker... Some months later, the freighter Demeter runs aground on the southern English coast, carrying only Dracula and the dead captain lashed to the wheel. Soon after, Lucy begins to fall ill. Her fiancee, Arthur Holmwood, is perplexed and calls in Dr. Van Helsing. The doctor begins to recognize what might be happening, especially after Lucy walks out of her home at Hillingham and is found, drained, under a tree the next morning. Dracula, meanwhile, has flashbacks about a time when he was alive, when his wife (who is also the dead image of Lucy) lay dead in her bed and men had to restrain Dracula in his grief and rage. Lucy's mother is in the room with Mina when Dracula comes calling the last time, a wolf shattering the window. Lucy soon rises from the dead, and comes to the window of Arthur's home, begging to be let in. Arthur does so, delighted and amazed that she's alive. This very nearly gets him bitten, but Van Helsing interrupts with a cross causing her to flee. They go to Lucy's grave and drive a wooden stake into her heart. When Dracula comes to the tomb later and beckons to her, he goes berserk upon finding that she's truly dead. Mina tells Van Helsing about the news story about the Demeter and the boxes of earth, and about Jonathan going to meet Dracula to sell him a house. From these clues, Van Helsing and Holmwood go about finding all but one of Dracula's "boxes of earth" (containing his native soil, in which a vampire must rest). But back at the hotel, the vampire hunters discover Dracula is there, out for revenge. He has bitten Mina, and before their eyes forces her to drink blood from a self-inflicted gash in his chest. All that they love, all that is theirs, he will take. The tracking of Dracula back to his home commences with Van Helsing hypnotizing Mina. Via the bond of blood, she sees through Dracula's eyes and discovers where he is headed. At the Castle, Van Helsing and Holmwood find and stake the Brides. Jonathannow a vampire, rabid and bloodthirstyattacks Arthur and Van Helsing, but in the struggle is knocked by Arthur into a pit of spikes, and is staked. The final confrontation with Dracula takes place in what looks like a grand ballroom. The crosses wielded by the two men are something Dracula doesn't seem to want to look upon. Dracula gets the better of them, ridding them of their crosses. But one of them manages to pull down curtains from the windows, so sunlight pours in. Dracula is weakened, finally going dormant long enough for Van Helsing to pierce his heart with a long spear. They leave him there. Before the portrait of a living warrior Dracula, with Lucy's lookalike in the background, a text scrolls across the screen, about a warlord who lived in the area of Hungary known as Transylvania, and how it was said he had found a way to conquer deatha legend no one has ever disproven. The lord's name is DRACULA.
tt0091069
Action,Adventure,Thriller
Sally Jones (Rachel Ward), an Australian schoolteacher, finds herself in a fight for life--both her students and her own--when four armed, masked men burst into their isolated one-room school. The men round up Sally and her eight students, who range in age from six to fourteen, and force them into a van, claiming they are going to hold the school for ransom. At first Sally urges her students to comply, but she manages to help the children escape during a rest stop. They make their way to a farmhouse where an elderly couple (with no telephone) offers to hide them until the police can be contacted. But when their kidnappers track them down and murder their saviours, Sally knows that their chances of survival are slim. The kidnappers herd the school into a cave, sealing the entrance. Sally encourages the children to be brave and to organise themselves. Travelling further back into the cave, they find an exit and escape, only to find their armed kidnappers in pursuit and furious. The school isolates itself into a second, "fortress"-like cave at the top of a hill, where they must prepare for the coming night, when the kidnappers will reach them at last. Sally realises that the kidnappers will have to die, and also that she cannot defeat four grown men without help. The children will have to fight back in order to save their own lives, but Sally grapples with the idea that she must, in essence, give these children permission to commit murder.
tt0106449
Comedy,Horror,Sci-Fi
'Prologue' A creepy-looking coroner (John Carpenter) introduces three different horror tales involving his current work which are cadavers in "body bags". 'The Gas Station' Anne (Alex Datcher) is a young college student who arrives for her first job at working the night shift at an all-night filling station. The attending worker, Bill (Robert Carradine), leaves and tells her that a serial killer has broken out of a mental hospital and cautions Anne to be careful and not leave the booth at the station which is to be kept locked at all times. After Bill leaves, Anne is alone as the tension mounts as she deals with various late-night customers seeking to buy gas for a quick fill-up, while Anne remains locked in her booth, unsure of who may be the escaped maniac. Eventually, when Anne suspects that the escaped killer is lurking around the gas station, she tries to call the police, only to find the phone line dead. Soon after, she finds a dead body in one of the lockers, which is a station attendant who has a nametag saying 'Bill'. Anne realizes that 'Bill', the attending worker whom she interacted with earlier, is in fact the escaped killer whom has killed the real Bill and has taken his name and uniform, and is killing numerous passersby. 'Bill' appears and attempts to kill Anne with an axe by breaking into the locked booth, and then chasing her around the deserted garage. Just when he is about to kill her, one customer returns after forgetting his credit card. Together, they stop the killer by throwing him under a car on a garage rack in which Anne pushes the lift button making the car come crashing down, cutting the deranged killer in two. 'Hair' Richard Coberts (Stacy Keach Jr.) is a middle-aged businessman who is very self conscious about losing his thinning hair. His obsession about going bald and his means to keep his pride and self esteem intact has caused a riff between him and his long-suffering girlfriend Megan (Sheena Easton). When Richard answers a television ad about a 'miracle' hair transplant operation, he pays a visit to the office and meets the shady Dr. Lock (David Warner) whom, for a very large fee, agrees to give Richard a scalp treatment to make him grow his back hair. The next day, Richard wakes up and removes the bandage around his head left after the surgical procedure and is overjoyed that he has a stallion-style full set of hair. But over the next few days, Richard becomes increasingly sick and fatigued, and soon he finds himself growing hair on parts of his body (the palms of his hands, etc.) that do not grow hair at all. After trying to cut some off, he finds that his hair 'bleeds', and after examining it under a magnifying glass, sees that they are alive. Richard goes back to Dr. Lock for an explanation, but finds himself a prisoner as Dr. Lock explains that he and his entire staff are aliens from another planet who seek out narcissist humans and plant their seeds of hair to grow and takeover their bodies for consumption as part of their plan to spread their alien essence to the planet. Richard was just their latest victim. 'Eye' Brent Matthews (Mark Hamill) is a Major League Baseball player who's life and career takes a turn for the worse when he gets into a serious car accident in which his left eye is gouged out. Unwilling to admit that his career is over, he jumps at the chance when a doctor tells him about a experimental surgical procedure to replace his eye with one from a recently deceased person which can restore his sight. After the surgery, Brent can see through his new eye and is overjoyed at this miracle. But soon after, Brent begins to see things out of his new eye that others cannot see, and it puts him and his wife, Cathy (Twiggy), in danger as Brent begins having nightmares of killing women and having sex with them. Brent seeks out the doctor who tells him that the donor of his new eye was a recently executed serial killer and necrophile who killed several young women, and then had sex with their dead bodies. Brent becomes convinced that the spirit of the dead killer is slowly taking over his body through his eye and enabling him to resume killing women. After Brent blacks out and wakes up near a crime scene where another young woman is killed, he flees back to his house where he tells the skeptic Cathy about what is going on with him. Just then the spirit of the killer emerges and attempts to kill Cathy as well. Cathy fights back, subduing him long enough for Brent to re-emerge. Realizing that it will only be a matter of time before the killer reemerges again, Brent cuts out his donated eye, severing his link with the killer, but he dies afterwords due to bleeding to death. 'Epilogue' The Coroner finishing telling his three tales to the viewers when he hears a noise outside the morgue and crawls back inside a body bag revealing that he himself is a living cadaver this entire time, as two other morgue workers begin to go to work on this 'John Doe' corpse that was just delivered to them.
tt0102585
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
The story concentrates on a child of mysterious origin called Delia (Asia Vieira), who is adopted by two attorneys, Gene (Michael Woods) and Karen York (Faye Grant). At first, all seems normal, but Jo, their nanny with remarkable psychic powers, begins to learn aspects of Delia's personality that become very suspicious. Jo takes her to a fair for people with psychic powers. When Noah, Jo's friend, takes a picture of Delia and sees very dark colors, which is like her personality, Noah finds out she is evil. When Delia finds out what they're up to, she gets angry and the whole place catches fire. When meditating with Delia to help her discover why Delia is so full of negative energy, Jo finds out who Delia really is. She is pushed out of the window by Delia's dog and is thrown onto Delia's roundabout. Increasingly alarmed and suspicious of her adoptive daughter, Karen hires a private investigator to learn the identity of Delia's real parents. What follows is a string of bizarre accidents, resulting in Karen falling into a paranoid state as she fears people are conspiring against her. What's worse, Karen's pregnancy increases her feeling of paranoia around Delia. It is soon revealed that Delia is the daughter of Damien Thorn, the Antichrist, thus the granddaughter of Satan. After delivering her son Alex, Karen goes to the doctor who knows the truth about Delia and finds out that the Antichrist is not Delia: she is the protector of the antichrist. The antichrist is in fact Delia's twin brother, whose embryo was carried inside Delia and then implanted into Karen by the doctor. Karen kills the doctor then heads home to try to kill Delia and her baby, the 666 symbol shown directly on his palm. Karen arrives home and confronts Delia. She is horrified to see the "666" sign on the baby's hand. Karen tries to kill the baby but instead kills herself as the camera pans out to a view of the house. The film then ends with Gene and Delia walking home from Karen's funeral.
tt0218127
Action,Western
Based on Louie LAmour's 1954 book. 1880 Rafe Covington (Tom Selleck) is a sailor on a freighter at sea out of San Francisco. His friend, Charles Rodney, has been severely beaten by the captain. As he dies, Rodney evokes a promise from Covington to take care of his wife and ranch. Furious, Covington kills the captain. Two sailors join his mutiny. Six weeks later, Covington and his sailor buddies travel to Rodneys ranch in Wyoming. When Covington arrives in town, mentioning he was Rodneys friend causes hostile men to confront him. They claim Indians killed Rodney a year ago just outside town. He also meets Rodneys widow (Virginia Madsen), the schoolmarm, a beautiful, intelligent, spunky woman, whos having trouble making her mortgage payments on the ranch to the town boss, Bruce Barkow (Mark Harmon). She lives in town now. The ranch is going to seed. Covington is instantly attracted to her, but a very dandy and overly polite Barkow is already her fiancé. Hes also the big bad who wants the Rodney ranch. One friendly face is Joe Gill (Wilford Brimley), Rodneys former ranch hand. He joins Covington on the ranch. The 4 men set to ranching horses and cattle. Covington finds an Indian chiefs daughter in the woods with a broken leg. He tends to her. Three scruffy men from town arrive claiming they own the squaw. Covington chases them off. But then the Chief and his braves show up, angry because they believe Covington has hurt the princess. However, the daughter speaks up for Covington. Rodney had bought the ranch from the chief, so Covington tells him he promised Rodney to take care of the ranch. The chief is good with this. The Indians leave. Covington tells the widow her husband died just 6 weeks ago at sea. This puzzles her. Covington also tells her Rodney had sold his real estate holdings in San Francisco to pay his mortgage, but then he was robbed and shanghaied as a sailor on the freighter. The scruffy men work for Barkow. The scruffy man who claimed he owned the Indian chiefs daughter challenges Covington to a gunfight. Covington wins and then shoots a scruffy back-shooter. Barkow gives Covington and his men three days to get off the ranch. Oil, which is valuable for making kerosene and asphalt, has been found on the some of the local ranches. But the oil is bad for farming, so Barkow has been buying up these ranches cheap. Barkow sends for Beau Dorn (Brad Johnson), a professional killer. On the Rodney ranch, Covington finds the neglected grave of Rodneys 4-month-old daughter. He fixes it up and places flowers on it. Later, the widow rides by. She sees the cared for grave. It touches her. Later she stands up to Barkow when he announces hes throwing Covington off the ranch. She still owns it, so shell decide whos allowed on her property. When Covington comes to town they have their first friendly conversation. Bo Dorn demands the Rodney ranch and the widow as payment for killing Covington. Barkow just smiles. Barkow proposes marriage. Dorn rides off looking threatening. The widow sees him leave and rides off to warn Covington. At the ranch, Dorn pulls out his sniper rifle. The widow kisses Covington. The scene is constructed to look as though Dorn is aiming at Covington, but instead he is elsewhere and shoots one of the ranch hands. Covington hears the shot and rides off toward it. Back in town, Barkow coerces the widow to marry him. He even shoots the bartender (William Sanderson) when he objects to the ceremony. This gives him control of her ranch. But when he tries to take his honeymoon privilege, she resists, so Barkow knocks her out. He plans to return when she wakes for his husbandly rights. Covington and his friends bury the dead ranch hand, and then prepare for war. They ride to town. Dorn has prepared a snipers nest in the church steeple. Barkows men are scattered around town. Big shoot out. Covington and Dorn stalk each other on horseback, riding over the towns wooden sidewalks and in-between buildings. A herd of cattle is set loose in the street to add more chaos. Some townsfolk join the fight with Covington. Covington kills Dorn. Joe Gill gets winged. Barkow shoots Covington in the back wounding him and as he is about to finish him off, the widow shoots Barkow in the back killing him. Looks certain Covington will get the girl.
tt0104118
Drama
In this made-for-TV drama, a New England family's secrets all come tumbling out at once as they spend a weekend together to celebrate the engagement of their youngest son. Lisa Carter (Bibi Besch) and her military husband, Phil (James B. Sikking), couldn't be happier when their youngest son, Matt (William McNamara), brings his rich bride-to-be, Allison (Lori Loughlin), home from Yale. Col. Carter views Matt as the perfect son, especially given the way his other children have turned out. Tim (Jim Carrey) has sunk into alcoholism after dropping out of college, while Karen (Jayne Brook) must support her husband, Tom (David Byron), a struggling art photographer who wants to start a family despite his father-in-law's financial misgivings. As Allison gets acquainted with the Carter clan and its dysfunctions, her fiancé's artfully constructed facade of perfection begins to crumble, ultimately threatening his family's reputation, his impending nuptials, and his very life. Doing Time on Maple Drive debuted March 16, 1992, as a "Fox Night at the Movies" feature on the Fox network; it was later nominated for several Emmy awards. Directed by thirtysomething star Ken Olin, the film features a number of additional television staples among its cast, from Loughlin, star of Full House, to Carrey, then best known as Fire Marshal Bill on In Living Color. Two additional TV personalities from the cast -- Hill Street Blues actor Sikking and Northern Exposure actress Besch -- both share the distinction of being Star Trek vets, Besch in Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan and Sikking in Star Trek III: The Search for Spock. ~ Brian J. Dillard, All Movie Guide Movie data provided by: All Movie Guide (AMG) 1991
tt0365677
Action,Adventure,Crime
Dr Kelly Raymond (Kristy Swanson) wants to investiage on the waters of a Louisiana river. She tries to convince her ex-husband, expert John Sanders (Lou Diamond Phillips) who at first rejects her offer. He is not convinced by her ecological proposal. Their relationship hasn't gone too smoothly between them since their divorce, especially because of the only thing they have in common, their only son. She left him because she's ambitious, while he just wants to keep on living in his shabby shiphouse. She has hopes of finding oil there. Gene Bradley (Gideon Emery) is the young man eager to find oil. He's bought the rights to look for oil in all the place. John finally agrees to go with them because of the payments he has to make to keep his boat and his humble way of life - he doesn't want anything else from life. It's impossible that a drilling operation is ecological, but Kelly is ambitious, and has sold his soul to the devil in a way. When they arrive in the site, they see an anchored boat and they believe that belong to their competitors from the Global Oil Company. However they are dangerous criminals that are seeking a large amount of stolen money that is hidden in the bottom of the river. Gene confronts the mobsters and the group is threatened by the gangsters. There have been two deaths on that river killed by a lone shark. This people-eating bull shark is different, as it can live in river water. A reward is issued by the family of one of the victims agains the shark which killed their son. John convinces the local sheriff, Captain Dale Landry (Dennis Haskins) to let them go upriver, telling him that they will be careful. He lets them be because he thinks that the shark will try to reach the open waters of the sea, so they will capture it on the estuary. Kelly goes scuba-diving while John watches in the radar if anything out of the ordinary happens. Meanwhile, another group of people is scuba-diving. There are some people hoping to find the booty from a crime. Rick (Tumisho K. Masha) has sent Brett and Ice to get the information concerning the hiding place from Jerry, who has just released from gaol. The money was hidden on the course of the river but it looks like the tide or the strong current has moved it from its original place since that moment. The shark kills a bakcpacker (Steven Pillemer). Both groups don't know about it. Brett van Ryan (Langley Kirkwood) gets hurt while scuba-diving. John saves Brett. Gene gets all paranoid, thinking that Brett and his team belong to an oil prospector rival company, the Globa. Brett says that they are looking for a treasure laughingly. Gene behaves like an asshole, and insists they Brett and friends leave immediately. Brett says that they will leave tomorrow morning, but Gene insists in phoning the police. Ice (Coolio) shoots Gene on the leg so that he won't call the police. Dale appears on a helicopter and talks to John, who also behaves in a calm way. Dale insists that they should not get into the water, as they haven't been able to find or kill the shark. They try to save Gene, but there is risk of hinm losing his leg or his life without professional medical halp. Ice'd rather kill everybody, because they've seen them. The bell announces that an oil factory nearby is about to explode because of the gas pressure. Ice, Brett and Jerry Collins (Jaimz Woolvett) want to leave leaving the rest to die on the explosion. On the last second, John releases some pressure. The place is blown to pieces anyway. Lacombe (Garth Collins), one oil rig worker, dies because he can't jump the factory on time. Because of the explosion, the police tries to contact John and his ship, but Brett stabs the radio, killing it for good. John tries to use the radio, but Brett shoots him. Brett wants them to close the fountain of dirt and mud which the factory is throwing to the river. They have to do it from under the water. Hank Ellis (Charles Dumas) does it, but, during the process, he hurts himself and bleeds. The shark attacks him and John jumps underwater to try to save him. John has to stay quiet so that the shark won't think he's some prey. He goes out of the water on the last second. Brett tries to kill the shark, attracting him and later blowing him to pieces, but he's not sure that he's killed him. Kelly realises that the criminals will kill them sooner or later. Gene dies. Emery Brousard (Rob Boltin) thinks that the shark is the spirit of the god protectors of the swamp, who are angry because humans don't respect nature anymore. Brett takes Kelly to another room, and threatens to kill her if she doesn't have sex with him. She kisses him to distract him from John's attack from the back. After hearing the shot, Ice helps his fellow criminal. Kelly offers to go in Emery's place, because he can't swim. John and Kelly devise a plan if they find the money: to take it to the bankside and exchange it for the life of all of them. That's the only way they're going to live to tell. The shark appears right after Kelly and John find the money. Jerry and Kelly ran for dear life, but Brett doesn't let Kelly go back to the river to help John fight the shark. John survives the attack, although he's been hurt. The moneybox cannot be opened. Jerry has conspired agains Brett: he'll give Ice half the money if he kills Brett. That's what they do. John tries to rescue Kelly and Emery. There is a series of fights, shootings, and on-the-spot plans to be the one left standing. Ice blows up the boat. Emery moves Kelly out of the way, while John fights with Ice. John gives the moneybox to Ice and jumps right before the engine explodes. They all end up in the water. The shark opens the moneybox. When Ice is picking it up from the water overjoyed, the shark eats him off. John and Kelly go to the factory, while Emory is trying to help them from the place, moving things around. Emory turns on the drilling machine, who falls onto the shark, killing it. John and Kelly kiss each other. They can collect the prize money for the shark, but Emory thinks it'd be better to let nature rest in peace, so they throw to the river one of the huge teeth of the shark, the only proof they have that they killed it.
tt0106188
Comedy,Sci-Fi,Thriller
Barry Thomas is dreaming about his co-worker and scientist Lisa Fredericks who barely even knows he's alive. On his way home from work he witnesses her death in a road shooting. Brooding over her death, he receives a bad electrical shock at exactly midnight. The next morning Barry slowly becomes aware that all the events of the previous day are repeating themselves. His accident caused him to be aware of the time loop, while everybody else was oblivious to the repetition of events. Continuously repeating his day, Barry tries to save Lisa while also getting him fired and arrested for being in the wrong place and knowing too much about events, a problem that often occurs in time travel stories. In some loops he gets closer to Lisa than in others. Barry eventually figures out that Lisa's boss, Dr. Thadius Moxley, illegally and unethically proceeded with a weapon program development that caused the continuing time loop. Dr. Moxley's henchmen are also behind the murder of Lisa, who had uncovered his illegal activities. With the help of an undercover government agent, Barry and Lisa must stop her boss and prevent him from activating the machine again or the world will remain stuck in a time loop forever.
tt0319758
Drama,War
On August 2, 1990, Iraqi forces and tanks roll into Kuwait City, as the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait begins. In Atlanta, CNN picks Robert Wiener and his crew to go to Baghdad and cover the invasion. At Rome International Airport, Wiener meets his colleague and producer Ingrid Formanek. Wiener and his crew arrive in Baghdad on August 23, and stay at the Al-Rasheed Hotel. As they settle in their hotel rooms, they notice that they are being monitored. The crew report their first story on a young British boy held as a hostage by Saddam Hussein. As they continue to report stories, they get pressured by the Iraqi government. Wiener later meets the Iraqi Minister of Information Naji Al Hadithi, and requests pieces of equipment and an interview with Hussein. As the movie goes on, Wiener and Al Hadithi become friends. Wiener and his crew get access to interview Americans forced to stay in the country by the Iraqi government. The Iraqis use the American hostages as human shields for potential bombing sites. After Wiener's crew interview an American named Bob Vinton, Vinton goes missing. Wiener becomes worried about Vinton. Later, Al Hadithi gives CBS and Dan Rather the Saddam Hussein interview. Instead of the Hussein interview, Al Hadithi gives Wiener and his crew a trip to Kuwait. They arrive in Jahra Air Force Base, Kuwait on October 17. The crew cover the incubator story in three hospitals, but then Iraqis call off the interviews because the CNN crew broke some ground rules. As soon as they arrive back in Baghdad, Wiener and the crew become the story as the only Americans to be in Kuwait. After an argument between Wiener and Al Hadithi, Al Hadithi agrees to give CNN a Saddam Hussein interview. On October 29, John Holliman and the CNN crew interview Saddam Hussein at one of his presidential palaces. In the interview, Hussein states that Iraq withdrawing from Kuwait would be like the U.S. withdrawing from Hawaii. The crew then covers the release of American hostages from Iraq. Wiener then finds Bob Vinton and is emotionally moved by his being safe. The United Nations gives Iraq until January 15, 1991 to withdraw from Kuwait, or face military action. As the deadline comes to an end the crew sees that the Iraqi Army is installing anti-aircraft guns in Baghdad. The crew then gets a piece of equipment called the four-wire, which gives them communications to CNN in Atlanta. The four-wire is essentially a direct phone line to their CNN facility in Jordan. From that point it can hit the satellite above and then go to the CNN headquarters in Atlanta. The Iraqis eventually find out that the crew have established communication with Atlanta. The CNN crew is the only foreign news group with the four wire. On January 9, the crew eventually believe that there will be war. Bernard Shaw arrives in Baghdad again on January 13 to interview Saddam Hussein again at the deadline. As soon as the deadline expires, streets in Baghdad are empty and businesses are shut down. Americans and foreign news groups begin evacuating Baghdad on January 15 in fear of American bombing strikes. Wiener decides to stay, and some members of the crew decide to leave. At around 3 a.m. on January 17, U.S. F-117 Nighthawk stealth bombers begin to bomb Baghdad. Iraqi soldiers begin to fire anti-aircraft guns into the sky to shoot down the bombers. As soon as the bombing strikes begin, CNN correspondents Bernard Shaw, John Holliman and Peter Arnett begin to report and describe the bombings on the four-wire communicator. The reports are broadcast live on CNN in America. The film shows the points of view from Saddam Hussein and U.S. President George Bush watching the CNN reports. It also intersperses actual archival footage of news anchors from rival networks, having to report off CNN's live feed, since CNN was the only news source transmitting during the bombing of Baghdad. Other archival footage is of [link=nm0155515, during a news conference as Bush's Defense Secretary, stating "The best coverage I've seen of what transpired in Baghdad was on CNN", and NBC News anchor Tom Brokaw stating, "CNN used to be called the little network that could. It's no longer a little network." At around 5 a.m., the crew is forced to stop reporting by Al Hadithi and Iraqi soldiers. Most of the crew leaves Baghdad, including Formanek and Shaw. Wiener stays, returning to America on January 23. The film ends showing the destruction of buildings from bombings in Baghdad.
tt0330152
Drama
The plot interweaves two different stories: One story involves Maggie Andrews, a young music teacher who is terminally ill (the result of heart failure), and her son Nathan (who tries to get a pair of Christmas shoes for her before she dies, and who collects empty cans to raise the money). The other story involves Robert Layton, a lawyer who's marriage to his wife Kate is failing (the matter comes to a head during Christmas, when Kate takes over for Maggie for the school choir and declines a job in Robert's firm); when Robert's mother passes away, he begins to reconsider how his life is going. Robert's and Nathan's paths cross on Christmas Eve at a local shoe store. Nathan learns that he is five dollars short of the money needed to buy his mother the shoes. Nathan begins crying, whereupon Robert gives Nathan the money needed to complete the purchase. Nathan is thus able to buy the shoes for his mother and give them to her before she dies.
tt0090163
Drama,Sci-Fi,War
It is March, 1984. In Sheffield, England, young Ruth Beckett & Jimmy Kemp are out in the country above Sheffield when a U.S. F-4 Phantom flies past overhead from the nearby R.A.F. Finningley base. Sheffield, the 4th-largest city in Britain, is close to a prominent R.A.F. Base and also has a major component of steel, energy & chemical production. Jimmy flicks through the car's radio stations, missing a brief news story about a Soviet invasion of Iran in his attempt to find the broadcast of the latest football game. Ruth chastises him for his lack of taste, but after he gets out of the car & comes back with a flower the two start to kiss. Later that week, the BBC runs a story about a Soviet convoy moving through northern Iran. The convoys had apparently been spotted by U.S. satellites, traversing 3 of the mountain passes leading from the USSR. The story goes on to say the Soviet foreign minister had defiantly defended the invasion, and it soon becomes obvious that the Soviets are hoping to convert Iran to yet another Soviet satellite state. During this time frame Ruth also reveals to Jimmy she is pregnant, and wants to keep the baby. When Jimmy informs his parents his father reacts somewhat harshly; his mother tries to point out all the options available to them. Jimmy informs his parents that he & Ruth plan to get married and have the child. Jimmy works for a carpentry firm; it is not clear what Ruth works as. Michael, Jimmy's annoying younger brother, humiliates him in front of his sister Alison by mentioning the upcoming pregnancy, which provokes an angry reaction from both Jimmy and his mother. Soon after, the U.S. states it will send troops to Iran if the USSR doesn't cease its invasion. The Soviets apparently ignore the warning, and soon after U.S. paratroops go in near the Soviet base at Moshad in northern Iran. Hoping the USSR will back off, the British prime minister issues a statement of support for the U.S. action. Unfortunately the USSR ignores the international condemnation, and as Ruth & Jimmy's parents meet to discuss the upcoming wedding/pregnancy, a story is broadcast by the BBC advising that a U.S. submarine has disappeared while on reconnaissance duty. Days later, young Alison Kemp is doing homework when a story appears on the BBC - debris from a missing U.S. submarine has been found, apparently sunk by the Soviets. The U.S. President angrily denounces the Soviets' unprovoked attack against the submarine, as well as its invasion of Iran. He goes on to warn the Soviets that their leadership risks escalating things to the point of nuclear war. As the crisis escalates, Jimmy & Ruth pay little attention to it, focusing instead on finding an apartment and getting it ready to move in. Visiting his dad after work one day, Jimmy notices an F-4 flying past overhead from Finningley, and his father remarks, 'There's something going on, I'm telling you'. While at a bar that night, Jimmy and a young lady meet up and are happened upon by an Army convoy while making out in Jimmy's car. May, 1984: The United States issues an ultimatum to the USSR calling for joint withdrawal of all U.S. & Soviet forces from Iran. The Soviets arrogantly ignore it, and as U.K. residents pray for peace, the U.S. launches a conventional weapons strike against the Soviets' Mashad base, using high-level B-52 bombers. The USSR defends the base with a nuclear-tipped air-defence missile, annihilating the bombers. The U.S. retaliates with a single, low-yield tactical nuclear weapon on the Soviet base, and the exchange stops - for now. Anti-Soviet demonstrations are taking place in both the U.S. and East Germany, and people in cities such as Sheffield are heading for Wales, South West England, and other country towns well away from major areas to avoid being caught in a possible nuclear war. The Kemps' neighbors, the Stothards, are among these. Leaving in their Peugeot station wagon, its roof & seats piled with belongings, the Stothards, their daughter, and dog find themselves caught up in the major influx of people heading for remote towns. Stopped by police on an 'essential service route', they are directed to the M1 where single-lane traffic is being allowed to proceed. Mr. Stothard takes the officer's suggestion and carries on to his relatives using this route. Sheffield's peacetime chief executive, Mr. Sutton, is also being advised of changes that need to be made to prepare for the possibility of attack. If necessary, the chief executive can be given full powers of internal government. He is advised to summon the pre-determined emergency committee, which he does. Some changes are already being made; key points are being guarded, known/potential; subversives are arrested, and the government is requisitioning raw materials for possible wartime use. As riots break out in the U.K as well, the government starts to reinforce Europe by taking control of British Airways and cross-channel ferries, leaving thousands of travelers stranded. The Royal Navy also moves in to guard the oil rigs of the North Sea. More disturbing, the U.S. aircraft carrier 'Kittyhawk' is sunk by a Soviet sub, and the U.S. begins an air & naval blockade of Cuba. Further riots in East Germany occur. The Sheffield emergency committee is summoned to the fallout shelter below the city hall. Hospitals are also cleared for expected casualties; Mr. Beckett's elderly mother is sent home to live with them. Art galleries are also cleared & the paintings put into storage (possibly the galleries were to be used as fallout shelters). 'Protect & Survive' PSAs are broadcast on U.K. TV & radio, and books outlining precautions to be taken are being delivered to U.K. residents. Ruth & Jimmy are removing wallpaper in their apartment one night when one of these PSAs comes on, and Ruth is so frightened she starts to cry. As Jimmy looks out their apartment window, the fire engines from the nearby hall are deployed to a safe location in an underground bunker - a sign that things are definitely worsening. May 26, 1984. Ruth's morning sickness has her in its grip, and her mother goes to call her employer to tell them Ruth won't be in. However, when she does, she discovers the phone line is dead. This is the U.K's Preferential Telephone System in use; non-essential phones are disconnected, leaving the lines open for emergency communications among government/civic officials only. The Kemps are trying to build a fallout shelter; young Alison is sent by her mother to buy canned/dry food - it is the last we see of her. At 8:30 a.m. people are going about their business, and the emergency committee is meeting in the bunker. Suddenly an alarm goes off from the UKWMO, followed by the chilling words, 'ATTACK WARNING! RED! ATTACK WARNING! RED!'. The committee immediately recognizes what it means; the USSR has decided to launch an ICBM attack against the UK, in retaliation for trying to stop the Iran invasion and its failure to support Soviet ambitions. NASA Space Command detected Soviet ICBMs in-flight minutes after launch, and the UKWMO also picked up the signal. Outside, Jimmy & co-worker Bob are arguing with people wanting to buy boards for fallout shelters, when the attack warning siren begins to wail - a long, wavering, incessant tone. Jimmy & Bob dive under their truck, and other people desperately try to find shelter before the attack hits. The first warhead explodes above the North Sea, causing the EMP - electromagnetic pulse - effect, crippling electronics & communications equipment. At R.A.F. Finningley, the U.S. F-4s stationed there desperately start to launch along with R.A.F. aircraft. Although they manage to get fighters into the air, at 8:37 the first tactical missile salvo hits most NATO military targets, including Finningley. The mushroom cloud bursts & looms high over the R.A.F. base, and the terrified residents of Sheffield see it. The blast wave hits seconds later, causing significant damage. Jimmy & Bob emerge from under the truck to see the horrifying cloud in the distance. Bob whispers, 'Jesus Christ, Jimmy.....they've done it!'. Jimmy attempts to head to Ruth's but finding his car disabled, he heads out on foot. As panic-stricken residents of Sheffield run for shelter, Mr. & Mrs Kemp, caught unawares, desperately try to improvise a lean-to as detailed in the survival information. The Becketts escape to their cellar, which is well fortified. The initial exchange results in 80 MT falling on the UK; as exchanges escalate, all major cities in the UK and U.S.A. become targets. Now, strategic rather than tactical weapons will be used. The total East-West exchange is 3000 MT; 210 of these fall on the UK alone. Sheffield, being a major industrial center, also becomes a target. A 1-MT ICBM hits near Crewe, annihilating most of Sheffield. Most of the population is destroyed along with the city; immediately after, firestorms rage through the city. With radioactive fallout imminent, firefighting & rescue attempts are unlikely for some time. With many roofs blown open as well, the survivors are especially vulnerable to the deadly radiation. The Kemps, badly wounded after being caught off guard, stumble out of their lean-to into a horrifying scene; everything is ablaze with fire. They find the body of their youngest son Michael under rubble in the back garden. Mrs. Kemp is horribly burned from fire; Mr. Kemp is suffering radiation sickness within hours. In the Becketts' basement, Ruth, her parents & grandmother are having a difficult time; Ruth is overcome with anguish at Jimmy's likely death (he was caught outside when the warhead hit) and is seemingly numb to what's going on. Several days after the attack, she flees into the street as her parents drag her grandmother's body upstairs (she had died in her sleep). As Ruth leaves her house for the outside, she enters a world she doesn't know. The fires are out, but nothing is recognizable. Death is everywhere; Ruth sees hands/feet/bodies extruding from rubble; she encounters a horribly burned mother with a dead baby; she also sees a man extracting relatively intact Star Wars figures from the rubble & placing them gently on a burned piece of wood. Overcome with grief, Ruth disappears into the streets. Not long after Ruth leaves, Mr. & Mrs. Beckett find their home invaded by looters, who kill them. Food stocks are now controlled by the central government; no food distribution is likely until 2 weeks after the attack. This results in food riots, in which some people are killed or injured. Mrs. Kemp dies of the injuries suffered in the blast; her body is discovered by Ruth a few weeks after the attack. Mr. Kemp dies several months after of radiation poisoning - ironically, he dies in a cemetery. In Buxton, 20 miles from Sheffield, Ruth enters a hospital which is filled wall-to-wall with people. With little in the way of medical supplies, doctors & nurses are forced to resort to primitive, sometimes horrible measures, to save lives - such as sawing off infected limbs without benefit of an anesthetic! There is precious little they can do, but they try nonetheless. Months after the attack, Ruth finally gives birth to a baby girl - alone, with no medical support. Miraculously (?), the baby appears healthy. She is named Jane. The people under the city hall, in the bunker, are buried alive; with no heavy equipment available and fallout danger high, it is weeks before they can be reached. By the time a rescue team digs through to them, they have all died of suffocation. Collecting the first harvest is a matter of life & death after the attack; however, it is difficult to grow crops with radiated soil, no agrochemicals or fertilizers, and the crops are highly vulnerable to disease, viruses & insects. In the first few years, most of the youngest and oldest survivors die due to extreme cold caused by the smoke & dust lifted into the atmosphere, shutting out the sun's heat & light. Years later, the returning sun is now heavier with UV light, causing a higher rate of cancers/leukemias, also caused by the lethal gamma radiation. Ruth runs into Jimmy's old friend Bob, and the two are reluctantly forced to butcher a dead sheep in order to survive. Ruth fears the sheep likely died of radiation, as cold doesn't usually kill sheep. Ultimately, she gives in to Bob's suggestion. 13 years after the attack: Ruth, working alongside her daughter in the fields, collapses. She later succumbs to the insidious radiation-induced leukemia with Jane at her side. Jane, helpless, can only use the words, 'up', and 'work', as well as her mother's name. It appears that children born post-war cannot even learn the basic language skills. Jane, forced to survive on her own now, falls in with a pair of young men who are looters. Special courts have wide-ranging powers of justice; the killers of Ruth's parents are found & executed by firing squad. The army also has the authority to shoot looters on sight; this is the fate that meets one of the boys Jane falls in with. Christmas Day, 13 years after: Jane is raped (off-screen) by 2 men; we see her several months later in a building that looks much like a hostel. Jane tells the woman working there, 'Babby's coming!'. She is told to go elsewhere, but after repeating herself several times she is assigned to a bed. She gives birth to a horribly deformed, stillborn infant. As it is passed to her, she looks at it, and opens her mouth to scream, but the audience hears nothing but the howling wind. Silence follows as the credits scroll across the screen.
tt0118528
Crime,Drama
This made-for-television film, based on the play by , concerns a jury's deliberations in the murder trial of a teenage boy accused of killing his father. The film begins as the judge () explains the jury's duties, stressing that they must return a unanimous vote and must vote guilty only if there is no reasonable doubt, adding that the boy could face the death penalty. The twelve men retire to the sweltering jury room and chat briefly amongst themselves before the foreman () calls them to order and requests a vote, during which eleven of them vote guilty and one, Juror #8 (), votes not guilty. They are surprised at his actions, saying it is an "open and shut" case, but he requests a discussion, saying that the boy has had a hard, impoverished life and deserves their consideration. They then go around the table and explain their points of view, highlighting the damning evidence against the boy, including testimony from an elderly upstairs neighbor who claims to have heard the murder and seen the boy fleeing the scene, and testimony from a woman across the street who actually saw the stabbing. They note that the boy and his father had argued violently earlier that night and that they boy had a criminal record, and Juror #3 () talks about his own "rotten kid," saying that children today are disrespectful. Juror #10 () blames the slums in which the boy grew up, which offends Juror #5 (), but #8 explains that he found the "little things" about the case questionable and now doubts the details. They first discuss the knife, which the boy purchased earlier on the night of the murder and claimed to have lost, and the jurors express doubt that someone else could have found it and killed the father with it, particularly as it is allegedly unique. #8 then produces an identical knife, however, disproving this theory, and questions why he would have showed it to his friends if he intended to commit murder. They vote again, and #9 () is revealed to have changed his vote to not guilty, angering the others, particularly #10. They take a break and separate into private conversations, with #6 () and #7 () both confronting #8 about his reasons for holding up the vote. #6 points out that no one else had motive to kill the father, but #8 argues that he was hardly a "model citizen" and could easily have angered someone else. He then questions the validity of the old man upstairs overhearing the fight and the murder, as a noisy elevated train was passing the building at that moment, and #9 offers a unique perspective on the timid, sickly witness, saying that he did not intend to lie, but offered an exaggerated point of view to validate himself. #8 adds that though the boy was heard saying "I'm going to kill you," such a phrase cannot always be taken literally, and #5 is convinced and changes his vote. #11 () questions why the boy would have returned to the scene of the crime to retrieve his knife if he was guilty, as he logically should have wanted to evade the police, and he then changes his vote as well. The specifics of the old man's testimony are further questioned when #8 points out the unlikelihood of the infirm gentleman being able to leave his bed and make it to the door quickly enough to see the boy fleeing down the stairs, and he stages an elaborate recreation to point out the fallacy. Juror #3 grows enraged at his "sanctimonious talk," and #8 accuses him of being a sadist who merely wants the boy to die, and #3 attacks, shouting that he will kill him, and #8 calmly points out his use of hyperbole. When they vote again, the tally is 6-6, and after a break, #10 suggests that they give up and declare themselves a hung jury, but #3 disagrees and the arguments continue. Juror #4 () then brings up the fact that when questioned by the police, the boy could not remember details about the movies he was allegedly seeing during the time of the murder, but #8 attributes this to stress and then challenges #4 to recall the title and cast of a film () he himself recently saw, which he realizes he cannot do. They next discuss the psychiatrists who testified that the boy had lifelong violent tendencies, but #11 argues that while everyone has the potential to murder, not everyone carries out such actions. Juror #2 () questions the angle of the fatal wound, pointing out that the boy was considerably shorter than his father, and #3 acts out the stabbing with #8. However, upon seeing the knife, Juror #5 realizes that the boy, familiar with knives, would have held the blade differently, and the scenario does not play out. Having "had enough" and wanting to get to his baseball game, #7 changes his vote, and #11 lectures him for his cavalier attitude. Another vote produces a 9-3 result, with #3, #4 and #10 holding out, and #10 descends into a racist rant against Latinos, claiming that they are all dangerous criminals who should be eradicated. One by one, the men turn against him, and #4 coldly orders him to be silent, and he sits, defeated. Juror #4 brings up the eyewitness testimony from the woman across the street who actually saw the stabbing, and #12 () changes his vote back to guilty, but #9 keenly observes the indentations on #4's nose from his eyeglasses and realizes that the woman in court had the same marks, meaning that she too wore glasses. They realize that she would not have been wearing them in bed, when she claimed to have seen the murder, and her evidence is now doubtful as well. Juror #4 is convinced, and #3 is left alone as the sole dissenter. He rages about the "twisted and turned" evidence and grows emotional as he talks about the pain that can grow between a father and son, revealing that he identifies with the murdered man, but #8 gently reminds him that the defendant is "not his boy," and #3 tearfully changes his vote to not guilty. The decision made, the men quietly file out of the room, and #8 and #9 introduce themselves as Davis and McArdle before departing.
tt0193524
Adventure,Family,Musical
Chewbacca and Han Solo escape from two Imperial Star Destroyers. They are running late on the way to Chewie's home and family on Kashyyyk. His son Lumpy tries to entertain himself with a hologram and is frustrated when he is asked by his mom to do dishes. Chewbacca's wife Malla calls Luke Skywalker to see if he has heard from Chewie; he reassures her but is having trouble working on an engine with R2-D2. Darth Vader orders a systemwide search for the rebels. Malla contacts Saun Dann, a trader who is dealing with an Imperial trooper. Malla learns to cook bantha surprise from a viewscreen. Han and Chewie fend off TIE Fighters as they approach Kashyyyk, but an Imperial grounding of takeoffs or landings is announced. Saun Dann arrives at the Wookiee household with a mind evaporator for Itchy, Chewbacca's father. He experiences a holographic woman who sings for him. Princess Leia and C-3PO contact Malla to wish her a happy Life Day, but find out that Chewie and Han haven't made it yet. Leia speaks to Saun, who comforts her by revealing that he is in the Alliance. Imperial officers inspect the home and question the whereabouts of the absent Wookiee. Saun plays an officer a rock music hologram which they enjoy together. The Imperials look for evidence of any Rebel presence. To calm her son down, Malla puts on an animated story for Lumpy. It shows a recent adventure of his father and Han in pursuit of a mystical talisman. Luke and Leia see on a viewscreen that Han is hanging unconscious while Chewie appears to have taken him hostage. Luke flies to the planet surface with R2-D2 and C-3PO, and they encounter Boba Fett, who knows where Han's ship is. Luke is knocked out by a virus on the ship and R2 tells them to hang Luke upside down to keep blood flowing to his head. Fett leads Chewie into the city to get a remedy, but the droids find out that he is secretly hunting rebels for Darth Vader. Luke and Han are restored to consciousness, and C-3PO tells them about Boba's secret alliance just before he escapes. Lumpy is happier, but the Imperials tear the house apart and increase pressure on the family. Lumpy learns how to build a transmitter. The Imperials watch a broadcast of life on Tatooine. A cantina bartender has trouble getting her patrons to go home after the Empire announces a curfew. On Kashyyyk, the Imperial officers receive an order to return to base. One stormtrooper is left behind to wait for the missing male Wookiee. He goes upstairs to discover Lumpy has been sending the false signal, and gets angry. Chewbacca and Han get there just in time to save the child from the trooper. Han has to leave quickly so the Millennium Falcon isn't discovered. The Wookiee family raises candle lights to celebrate Life Day. They walk in red robes with other Wookiees to a center of light. R2-D2 and C-3PO are there to celebrate the holiday. Leia, Luke and Han arrive to express their dedication to Chewie, who remembers his past adventures with his friends. Back on Kashyyyk, the Wookiee family bows their heads before sharing a meal.
tt0765458
Adventure,Fantasy,Thriller
In the city of Ankh Morpork, most important city on the Discworld (in the opinion of the Morporkians, and what other opinion is worth considering?) it is Hogswatch - a midwinter festival of celebration and gift-giving which might remind you of quite another holiday on another world entirely. The Hogfather - a jolly fat man, dressed in red - is distributing presents from his flying sleigh and all the children wait to hear trotter-beats on the roof. But this Hogswatch, they may have to wait quite a while... Someone, or something, wants the Hogfather out of the way. And if you're an anthropomorphic personification, you can't be helped by humans - but perhaps a, shall we say 'colleague', could assist. And so Death (voiced by Ian Richardson), his manservant Albert (Sir David Jason) and his granddaughter (don't ask) Susan (Michelle Dockery) set out to save the day, er, night. But while they're doing that, the redoubtable Mr Teatime (Mark Warren) of the Guild of Assassins and his team which includes the inept student wizard Mr Sideney (Nigel Planer) and the man-mountain Banjo (Stephen Marcus) set in motion a devious plan which means much, much more than just the end of Hogswatch... Oh, and a well-known author makes a cameo appearance.
tt0387736
Action,Adventure,Drama
The story itself begins with a flashback, and as one would expect, its not good news. Crichton is apparently on his deathbed on a badly damaged Moya, and Aeryn is lamenting the possibility that Johns victory has come at the price of his own life. Two things are readily apparent: the war itself is over by Crichtons hand, and Aeryn has survived the final battle. All else is suspect, and that places everything in perspective. Ever since the end of Bad Timing, the perfectly titled fourth season finale, events have escalated throughout the galaxy. With the promise of wormhole weapons no longer an option with the apparent death of Crichton on the water planet of Qujaga, the Peacekeepers and Scarrans turn back towards one another. The Peacekeepers had been using the claim of such weapons as a deterrent against a Scarran invasion; with that ruse long over, theres nothing to stop the Scarrans from pursuing galactic domination. Enter Scorpius, who has somehow managed to rise to command of an entire armada in an incredibly short period of time. His swift ascension in the ranks makes sense, given his past history: the Grand Chancellor of the Peacekeepers sent Scorpius and all other undesirables to the front as cannon fodder. Scorpius, however, launches a pre-emptive strike against the Scarrans, using his knowledge of the Scarran military to his advantage. His theory is relatively sound: with no other advantage at their disposal, the Peacekeepers might as well force the Scarrans into military action before they are completely prepared. Its an act of desperation, but still, a calculated attempt. Back on Qujaga, Rygel finishes the job of gathering the last of the crystals that used to be John and Aeryn. Anyone who thought they were really dead clearly stopped paying attention long before the end of the series. Apparently DArgo, Noranti, and Rygel have been working with the aliens on Qujaga to restore John and Aeryn, while the others have been attending to the task of quickly wrapping up other plot threads. The effects work for Rygel is fairly primitive, but considering that the character is usually a puppet, theres no problem accepting it. Chiana and Stark greet the others upon landing, and little time is spent on needless exposition. Enough context is inserted into the story to allow new viewers to get some sense of the relationships and abilities without wasting the time of the educated audience. Chianas new eyes are odd, but they represent a nice evolution of her character. Chiana always seems to get abilities that match the growth of her emotional maturity, changing as experience informs her point of view. One thing comes as an immediate surprise: the arrival of a Diagnosan and Grunschlk to Qujaga. As many fans would recall, Grunschlk was supposed to have been a victim of his own double-crossing in the third season premiere (Season of Death). His survival is clearly meant to be suspicious, and the fact that his apparent death is glossed over with unconvincing language is slightly disappointing. It does, of course, speed the plot along, which is a priority at this stage of the game. What would have taken an entire episode takes less than an act as the Diagnosan methodically puts John and Aeryn back together again (shocked, by the way, at the lack of a Humpty-Dumpty reference). This also gives Grunschlk enough time to brief the rest of the cast on the war, underscoring the fact that the Peacekeepers dont have a prayer. Its mostly background for the new viewers, but like the character introductions, the execution of it is fluid enough to remain unobtrusive. John and Aeryns first move, once they are restored, is a thing of beauty. One cant help but wonder how many takes it took to make it look so perfectly symmetrical, indicative of how they have joined fates together. The resulting showdown quickly reminds the audience that Moyas crew is on the planet under tenuous circumstances; misunderstandings aside, the crew is still considered a potential threat. This scene also gives the writers a chance to set the timeframe: 60 days have passed. In two months, things have gone from bad to much, much worse. The scenes on Qujaga are mixed with scenes on the battlefront, where Scorpius is leading a somewhat effective charge on a Scarran fleet. Scorpius seems to have some strong tactics, and his knowledge is vital to the success of military operations. But as soon as Crichton is reconstituted, Scorpius is aware of it, and his priorities change dramatically. He elects to chase after Crichton rather than remain with the armada and achieve victory. Its a good scene that reminds the audience that Scorpius considers the wormhole weapon the ultimate prize; he would much rather chase the weapon that could end the war in seconds by sacrificing thousands of lives than fight out a protracted and costly campaign that could end in billions of casualties. Continuing the strong exposition through creativity, John gets to give the audience a rather quick and dirty recap of the entire series to date during his endless interrogation by the aliens on Qujaga. Like the rest of the cast, Ben Browder steps right back into his Crichton persona, delivering a short monologue layered with deep sorrow and biting sarcasm in equal measure. This does much to set the tone and remind the audience that time hasnt passed for these characters; the insanity at the end of the fourth season has far more immediacy to them. This does much to explain why the characters have such a bunker mentality from the very beginning. Grand Chancellor Maryk declares Scorpius a traitor, making it a standing order for the Peacekeepers to shoot on sight. Granted, theres no love lost between Maryk and Scorpius, given the hybrids previous orders, but one would think that the Peacekeepers have learned to interpret Scorpys behavior by now. Certainly Grayza has, and the fact that shes attached herself to Maryk so quickly speaks to her own ambitions. She wants to be in the position to take control when the time comes, and her ability to influence others is already well established. Of course, the real shock when it comes to Grayza is her delicate condition. Not only does this play a large part in the final showdown, in terms of her psychological response to Crichtons gambit, it raises a very interesting question about paternity. While Peacekeepers certainly have the ability to keep a fertilized egg in biological stasis for up to seven cycles, the timing is incredibly suspect. Could John be the father of Grayzas child? In a plot twist that was almost certainly planned for the fifth season as an ongoing storyline, it turns out that Rygel forgot to upchuck every little piece of crystallized Aeryn. In fact, the one piece he retained is, quite against the odds, the same piece that was the activated embryo in Aeryns womb. With John and Aeryn reconstituted, it seems that the baby was as well, and now Rygel is the mother to be. The proud parents are, of course, suitably annoyed, but not nearly as much as Rygel himself. Having protected Earth in Bad Timing, Crichton has no intention of putting his new family at risk by wandering around a war-torn galaxy. Since the aliens on Qujaga are hidden behind a concealment barrier, Crichton wants nothing more than to keep himself and his family hidden away. For all he knows, the rest of the galaxy still thinks hes dead; as long as he stays out of view, theres no reason for him to believe that the war will come to him any time soon. The trick is convincing his hosts and friends to buy it. Its bad enough that Scorpius is coming to crash the party, but the Scarrans apparently have a spy amongst the players aware of Crichtons restoration, and they are planning to send their own fleet to make a grab for Johns wormhole knowledge. The writers toss out Grunschlk as the obvious traitor, which makes it equally obvious that hes not the spy. All things being equal, at this point, the most logical assumption would have been that Chianas new eyes were in some way transmitting information to Ankna. (That was this reviewers guess, anyway) As John and Aeryn prepare for marriage (with Aeryn in a black leather wedding ensemble, stunning as always), things come to an abrupt halt as a PK command carrier arrives overhead. Considering that the alien city is supposed to be cloaked, this does not help with the crews PR campaign to gain the aliens trust. For John, of course, it must bring back some uncomfortable memories of his hallucinations in Dog with Two Bones. Sending Noranti into cover with the aliens is the perfect introduction to the first real shocker of the mini-series. Noranti quickly recognizes symbols and design elements that remind her of something else shes seen, and before the audience can call out What Was Lost, she proclaims that the aliens are Eidelons. Meanwhile, John, Aeryn, and DArgo go outside to greet their new wedding guest, whose identity is no surprise. Nor is it shocking to learn that Scorpy knew John was alive thanks to Harvey, Scorpys neural clone still partially resident in Crichtons psyche. Which of course leads into a Harvey scene, something that the writers dont even bother to explain for the new viewers. Like the similar scenes during the series, its all about working out the context, and in this case, thats not very hard. Harvey makes it very clear that Scorpius plans for every contingency, and in this case, Scorpy is aware that Crichton knows about a source for wormhole weapon technology. Crichton is adamant in his decision to deny wormhole weapons to either side in the war, since both sides were equally willing to hunt him down and ruin his life. Scorpius has every intention of pressing the issue as long as it takes. Here the writers speak to the obvious assumption immediately: the scene jumps back to John on his apparent deathbed, with the voiceover revealing that John gives Scorpius exactly what he wants. Taken in context with the opening scene, its clear that John somehow uses wormhole weapons to end the war, and it is not a good thing. Among the many frustrating dangling plot threads left by the abrupt cancellation of the series, the hints about the true origins of the Peacekeepers, the connection between Sebaceans and Humans, and the lost temple on Arnessk were ranked at the very top. For Qujaga to be the home of the descendants of the priests dwelling in the restored temple at Arnessk is a stunning connection, and one that had to have been previously conceived for the fifth season. For those plot threads to be addressed in the mini-series was a huge selling point. As noted in What Was Lost, the lost temple was maintained by a race that had the ability to influence peace. It was strongly suggested that there was some connection between that unknown race, Humans, Sebaceans, and another race called Interions. The keepers of the temple created a peace that would last thousands of years, but when their influence was lost due to an attack by an unknown agency, that peace slowly eroded. The current war was the inevitable long-term result. Noranti claims that the people on Qujaga and the keepers of the temple on Arnessk are all Eidelons, and that the ones on Arnessk ought to be able to awaken the same peace-generating ability in their descendents. With Scorpius looking over their shoulders, Crichton understands that his desire for peace cannot be realized until he finds a way to end the war and thereby stop everyone from threatening him and his family. Aeryn, on the other hand, just wants to stay out of it. The two characters have come so far in four years, so that now theyre overlapping in their points of view. The old Aeryn would never have placed family above all else, thats for sure. John wants to believe that peace can be achieved other than at the barrel of a gun, so he opts to take some of the Eidelons from Qujaga to meet their revived ancestors on Arnessk. Considering that this portion of the plot is covered in less than an episodes worth of time, the condensed nature of the plot is more than a little apparent. Still, some attempt is made to allow time for character moments, like the conversation between Pilot and Muoma, the leader of the Qujaga Eidelons. Its interesting to note how different Pilots voice sounds in this mini-series; there was a definite attempt to upgrade the sound effects as an enhancement, but quite often, Lani Tapus voice is recognizable. On the series, it was just different enough to keep the illusion intact. With Noranti staying behind to educate the Qujaga Eidelons on their heritage, two Eidelons come on board as part of an initial delegation. Scorpy and leather-clad vixen Sikozu also come along, because its just not fun without Scorpius to stand there and give John the supremely-confident eye. Oh, and DArgo assumes that having a Peacekeeper officer could be useful when trying to cross Peacekeeper space. Grunschlk and his Diagnosan dont come along; however, they do give Aeryn a device for transferring the baby from Rygel when the time comes. And that time is coming damn fast, thanks to the super-efficient biology of the Peacekeepers. In a nice sidebar to the main story, Rygel receives news that the Scarran invasion of Peacekeeper space has created some serious instability for his cousin Bishaan on Hyneria. As a result, Bishaan officially wants Rygel to come home and assume some level of control. Rygel is rather pleased to know that his long-held dream of restoration to Dominar status is finally coming to fruition, but Aeryn makes it very clear that the current crisis takes priority. Still, this is a nice way to give the rest of the characters a feeling that there is something to fight for, a personal peace. Its also good to see Rygels plot thread within reach of resolution. Of course, nothing goes right in the world of John Crichton, and thanks to the traitor, the Scarrans are aware of the fact that Crichton is on his way to a place where he hopes to find a way to end the way. Emperor Staleek assumes that it must be wormhole weapons, so he orders Ahkna to engage the Peacekeepers over Qujaga and then subdue the inhabitants of the planet. He intends to follow Crichton. This is never a good thing, and the prospect of real violence is definitely present. The plot takes a strange diversion into more standard Farscape territory when Moya is boarded by mercenaries working as border runners for the Peacekeepers. Considering that the mercenary Tregans attack just as John and Aeryn are once again attempting marriage, its fairly clear that a literal shotgun wedding is in the cards. Since Scorpious was brought on board to help them get through Peacekeeper space, Crichton insists that he do his job. Scorpius looks thrilled at the chance to toss out colorful threats. Scorpius is the kind of character that makes for incredible action poses, and this mini-series abounds with reasons that Scorpius should star in every television series currently made. His confrontation with the Tregans is classic Scorpy, just as Johns use of Scorpius as a shield is classic Crichton. As the fourth season indicated again and again, having Crichton and Scorpius in the same room is a recipe for instant drama. Even if the Tregan attack seems somewhat removed from the main plot, it does provide a vehicle for some important plot developments. For one, it kills off one of the two Eidelons that were to gain the ancient knowledge from Arnessk, lessening the chances of success. Second, it gives Chiana a chance to display her new X-ray vision eyes, which is important later in the story. And third, it gives DArgo and Aeryn a chance to have a heart-to-heart about parenting. Its interesting to know that Aeryn is still not sold on being a mother; it speaks to her love for John that she would take that step for his sake alone. If the connection between the Eidelons and Arnessk is one of the mini-series greatest strengths, then the characterization of Jool has to be the primary weakness. Jool gets barely any screen time in this mini-series, and in the end, theres a plot-driven reason for that. That makes it harder to understand why the character is saddled with some bizarre native huntress persona and a completely unjustified love for Crichton. Its not funny, it makes no sense, and it changes the motivations of the character in a major way without explanation. Once the crew and Pikal, the surviving Qujagan Eidelon, finally meet with the Eidelons in the lost temple, the ancestors are less than enthusiastic about getting involved in galactic affairs again. And from their point of view, they dont understand why they should; after all, the Peacekeepers were supposed to keep things in order for them. The chief priest, Yondalao, seems to take Aeryns counsel to get involved and help their heirs inspire peace, but its still not enough. It requires some of Crichtons usual antics to get Yondalao to understand the urgency of the proposal. As Yondalao and Pikal have a generational discussion, theres time for a quiet moment between John and Aeryn. These moments are the real highlights, because the series itself was centered on the epic romance of these two characters. Johns travails were really all about getting the universe to back off so he could have the life he wanted with Aeryn. In this case, its Aeryn and their child, which Aeryn points out will be coming within days, not months. John is suitably stunned and pleased at the same time. An unexpected pleasure is the conversation between Aeryn and Sikozu, two characters that had very little in common cause during the fourth season. Its interesting to see Sikozus mind at work, especially since there is little point for her to be lying in this particular scene. One can actually believe that Sikozu loves Scorpius on some level, but she also still has trouble with the idea of inferiority. It would have been interesting to see that relationship explored, had the fifth season been made. The true motivations of the previous scene are indicated when its revealed that Scorpius is pushing John to explore other options while pursuing peace. The wormhole weapons are certainly on Scorpys mind, but John is adamant that they attempt to use the abilities of the Eidelons to their advantage first. After all, he notes, peace forged in the heat of conflict often lasts longer. Its quite clear, however, that Crichton is also trying to convince himself. The pacing never really lets up, so these moments of relative calm are quickly broken when Staleeks vessel is detected on its way into Arnessk space. This is a very bad development, and one that Scorpius knows shouldnt be possible. Crichton tries to convince Jool and the Eidelons to leave the planet, but only Yondalao agrees to travel with Crichton back to Qujaga. This decision is alarming, because the audience cant help but know that something very bad is going to happen. Sure enough, within moments, the Scarrans wipe the temple (including Jool and the remaining Eidelons on Arnessk) out of existence. Jools death might have been more effective had her character been more prominent and consistent with her earlier appearances during the series, but as it stands, it is overshadowed by the fact that the most obvious solution for peace no longer exists. Its somewhat ironic, considering what they all went through to restore the lost temple in the first place, but its a classic Farscape move to defy expectation at every possible turn. Critical decisions need to be made when Moyas attempt at emergency starburst is halted, forcing the crew to surrender to the Scarrans. In an interesting move, DArgo and Chiana jump into his ship and immediately cloak. This could have easily been purely in service of the plot, but like much of Farscape, the writers dont have the characters act in a certain way just to move the story along. Far more shocking is Aeryns insistence that Yondalao be the priority over Rygel; that drives home the fact that Aeryn is desperately hoping for a peaceful resolution to the war. The first look at the Decimator is damned impressive. The production values on this mini-series are top-notch, and it helps to make the confrontation between Staleek and the crew that much more visually daunting. Staleek does reveal the presence of a traitor among Moyas crew a little too conveniently, but at that point, the crew should have been wondering anyway. One nice touch is the strong continuity with the events at the end of the fourth season, right down to a reference to Scorpys Byzantine goals. When Staleek rips out Scorpys coolant system, all of the previous torture scenes from Were So Screwed come flooding back. Back on his ship, DArgo reveals that he wants to take up Rygels offer to settle down on Hyneria. This echoes his similar decision earlier in the series, when he was planning on taking Chiana off to live the rural life, far away from the growing war. She wasnt willing to go with him then, but time and experience have obviously had their toll. As soon as the option is raised, of course, the audience knows that one of them wont survive. Its just a given! Staleek and Ahkna understand very well that placing Rygel and the baby in mortal danger is the perfect psychological torture, even if they disagree on keeping them alive. And in a certain sense, because of that threat, Crichton is forced to go a lot farther than he would have ever wanted to prove that wormhole weapons are beyond his capability. This is reminiscent of Crichtons decision to distract Scorpius by giving him a ride down a wormhole in Into the Lions Den, but with much higher stakes. In the meantime, there is one final connection to be made with the hints dropped in What Was Lost. Yondalao reveals that the Peacekeepers were genetically engineered by the Eidelons from a primitive race that none of the warring peoples had ever heard of before. While its never said explicitly, the meaning is fairly clear: humans were the genetic forebears of the Sebaceans. This origin for the Peacekeepers goes a long way towards explaining why Humans and Sebaceans are genetically compatible, and also why there is such an emphasis on cultural and genetic purity among the Peacekeepers. As Yondalao said, the original motivations for the Peacekeepers lifestyle slowly but surely evolved into the rigid, monolithic organization hated and feared. The true nature of Johns gamble can be measured by the extremity of Harveys proposed alternative. Killing Staleek would certainly throw the Scarrans into disarray, but John is probably aware that Ahkna is more than willing to step into the role of Empress and continue the war unabated, killing Johns family and friends immediately as a start. Her casual decision to destroy DArgos ship is a perfect example. Demonstrating that he cannot create the weapons desired is Johns only real option. Its not clear how John knows how to initiate contact with Einstein, the other-dimensional version of an Ancient. He shouldnt be able to, since it was Einstein that purposefully initiated a limited and difficult contact in Unrealized Reality. One can assume that Einstein was aware of Crichtons need, and allowed the contact despite disapproving of it. One thing is very clear from that scene: Staleek now has personal evidence that Crichton cannot create wormhole weapons. This is the beginning of an interesting exploration of Staleeks character, something that was an unexpected pleasure. Upon return, Staleek learns of Ahknas treachery, and he is not pleased. His word seems very important to him, and he makes a concerted effort to maintain some semblance of patience. It should be remembered at this point that the substance that allows the Scarrans to maintain their intelligence was lost at the end of the fourth season. As Emperor, Staleek is under pressure to assure the future of his people by any means necessary. He has been forced into the war by lack of resources, unconvinced that negotiation would ever work. To keep his word is to maintain the veneer of civilization that the Scarrans want so badly. Yondalao, armed with an inner knowledge of the Scarran psyche and ready to use his powers to influence peace, points all of this out to Staleek (without getting too far into the details of why Staleek feels this way). By Staleeks reaction, it seems as though Yondalaos suggestion that the Scarrans could prove everyone wrong by initiating a peace effort was something he had long wished could happen. Scenes like this give the Scarrans a more complete characterization, rather than setting them up as cardboard cutout villains. As is typical for Farscape, one moment of hope must be countered by a moment of treachery. Even as Staleek discusses a possible avenue for peaceful resolution to the war, Grayza assassinates Grand Chancellor Maryk for even considering surrender. Grayza has no intention of letting the Scarrans remain a threat to the Peacekeeper way of life. Its clear that Grayzas mandate of peace by any means necessary has become victory by any means necessary. One has to hand it to her; she certainly knows how to stay on task! If Jools part in the story was a serious weakness in the narrative, then Jothees role does much to counter it. After the initial confusion of hearing everyone call some stranger Jothee (the actor looks and sounds very different), its great to see yet another plot thread pulled into the big finish. Jothees story may not have been one of the most compelling during the series, but it was important to DArgos character arc to see his son leading Luxan warriors into battle. Chianas new visual talents, however, become a major plot point. Her enhanced vision would have played better if it had been established over the course of several episodes. The writers took the time for the Tragen attack at least partially to reinforce Chianas new ability, but one can hardly characterize that as a highlight. To the uninitiated, Chianas new eyes probably felt like a plot convenience, but the fact is, the writers mapped out the fourth and fifth season well in advance. Chianas evolving eyesight probably dates back that far. Yondalaos death is a sudden but understandable plot development. Staleek reacts in a somewhat unfortunate manner, however, not realizing that his concessions and peace plan were really already in his mind, waiting to be given form. If the Eidelons were simply pacifying people en masse, then its unlikely that Crichton would want them in a position to control the fate of the entire galaxy. The character development for Staleek indicates that he wants peace, but he simply doesnt know how to bring it about. Ahkna, however, has no interest in peaceful co-existence with any other species. Crichtons decision after to force Stark to gain Yondalaos knowledge is harsh but ultimately in character. Crichton has been forced, time and again, to set side his moral code to protect his loved ones, and considering what Stark tried to do to him in John Quixote, theres probably a little payback involved as well. Once again, the writers take established character aspects and use them to further the plot. Everything that happened with the alternate Stark in the fourth season leads up to this moment. Since no crisis can exist in a vacuum, Rygels ability to carry the baby comes to an end at that exact moment, and sure enough, Staleek rewards the prisoners by trading the peace pipe with a deadly stasis gas. The prospect of being effectively dead but still alive enough for experimentation is just so very pleasant. Of course, theres no question that they get out of the trap, because once again, the writers flash forward to after the war to remind the audience that Crichton does in fact use a wormhole weapon and its all for the sake of his family. Whether or not John pays the ultimate price for his family is kept nicely vague, and given the mythological structure of the story, its all too easy to assume that he will. Recalling that bioloid Sikozu has a number of useful finger-tools, making her the hottest Swiss Army knife in the known universe, Crichton thinks fast on his feet and uses the conveniently combustible gas to escape the trap. Forgiving for a moment the concept of directing the combustion of a gas cloud, the distraction lets Jothee also show off the capabilities of the upgrades in Luxan warship technology. Also forgiving the fact that DArgo didnt recognize the design of his ship as being Luxan despite the fact that modern Luxan ships look rather similar, its a lot of fun to watch the pretty explosions. This opening scene sets the pace for the second half of the mini-series, since the quick and dirty overview of what would have been the bulk of the fifth season was more or less covered in the first two hours. Now its all about triggering every possible plot point established, and doing it with lethal calculation. The firefight on the Decimator establishes the fighting capability of the Luxans under Jothees command, and its just plain hilarious to watch John and Aeryn in a very delicate moment while dodging gunfire. (This is also nice foreshadowing of the eventual birth scene.) With some small measure of hope restored, the crew returns to Moya armed with the knowledge that Staleek, at least, will not be hunting them down again any time soon. That doesnt mean that events are any closer to resolution, since they still need to get Stark to Qujaga to pass on the mind-frelling gift of peace. How thats supposed to work is never quite explained, but Stark has pulled off stranger things, so its not worth questioning. Just to keep the audience in the loop, Scorpius reminds an impatient Sikozu that he is still leading Crichton right down the path to wormhole weapons. Sikozus questions about the timing, of course, are related to her true mission for the Scarrans. Jothee stays on Moya, which gives DArgo the chance for some sense of closure over the events of Suns and Lovers, way back in the early third season. Considering how ominous DArgos plans for the pastoral life on Hyneria were, his apparent chance to find peace of mind with his son adds to the foreboding. Thankfully, at this point, the writers have only revealed that Aeryn and Moya make it out alive at the end, so theres no sense that DArgo is the only one with a high chance of being dead before the war ends. It doesnt take long for Crichton to come to the conclusion that the Eidelons arent a very likely option for creating the peace he wants; they are simply too vulnerable and coming into the process way too late. Theres an irony in his decision that goes back to the very first episode. Crichton immediately rejected the peace of the gun methods employed by the Peacekeepers, but in the end, thats exactly the method he knows he must employ. Meanwhile, Grayzas gambit to take control of the Peacekeeper defensive posture comes to fruition. Shes well aware of the fact that Crichton is alive, and that something of immense value is hidden within the city on Qujaga. With Braka commanding a desperate defense, its only logical for Grayza to engage the Scarrans there. Despite all their differences, Grayza clearly understands that whatever has value for Scorpius has value to her. Of course, once Staleek and Ahkna learn about the Eidelons from Sikozu, they want to escalate the efforts to destroy every last one of them. The stage is set for a massive confrontation. If the previous scene with Einstein is somewhat confusing in terms of Johns ability to call upon the other-dimensional Ancients, then the subsequent scene is confusing for the pure and simple reason that Einstein grants Crichton the knowledge he seeks. This is a scene that could have used a little more dialogue or explanation. It can be inferred that the Ancients were giving Crichton the knowledge because they knew how he would use it, but its one hell of a gamble, and contrary to the Ancients previous design. To further explore Aeryns character development, she gets a chance to debate with John about his decision. Its interesting that she objects, since his decision is based on a mode of thinking that she has followed since childhood. John makes his case again, emphasizing his obligation to family. But Aeryn makes a very good point: John isnt the only one taking care of people, and it just about kills her to see John compromising his own values to end a war that he shouldnt have to deal with. In keeping with the pacing from the first half, the journey back to Qujaga is just long enough to continue with some short but sweet character moments. Rygels post-partum depression is hilarious, and Chianas attempt to spoon-feed Stark evokes similar parental memories. The most important scene, however, is the one between Pilot and Crichton. Pilot and Moya object to John building the wormhole weapon technology on purely philosophical terms, questioning Johns motives and the morality of his self-centered decision. As usual, the production is strong enough for the audience to completely overlook the fact that Pilot is a glorified puppet. Immediately, the action picks up again, as Moya drops out of starburst into the middle of a raging battle between Scorpys PK carrier and the Scarrans over Qujaga. The shot of Moya hitting the water and slamming into the seabed is stunning, and in a nice bit of internal consistency, all those open wounds from the Tregan attack make staying on Moya next to impossible since none of the crew has gills. Getting Stark to the surface and in touch with the surviving population of the city is critical, and the situation topside escalates with the arrival of Grayzas fleet. In the midst of it all, Aeryn does something that speaks to the love and respect she has for John. She pleads his case for the wormhole weapon to Pilot and Moya, knowing full well that her bond with Pilot gives the request that much more weight. This is an aspect of the scene that could be lost on new viewers who dont know the history between the two characters, especially since the interaction is very subtle. The escape from the flooding Moya is designed to take just enough time for all the players to arrive in the space above, sending the conflict into complete overdrive. Along with Jothee and his Merry Luxan Men, the crew races to get Stark to Brakas location in the Qujagan temple, where several Eidelons are being protected at great cost. As the story marches on, the chances for restoring the Eidelons get smaller and smaller, as the writers expertly force events into a crucible for Crichton. Perfectly aware that Crichton has an amazing survival rate, Staleek offers Ahkna her most fervent dream should she bring evidence of Crichtons death and kill the remaining Eidelons: she will be Empress of the Scarrans while he administrates governance of the galaxy. As shown in the fourth season, Ahknas chances for that ultimate prize were highly compromised, and this is exactly the psychological prodding Staleek knows will get the job done. On the way to the temple, the crew encounters Grunschlk, and the debate over whether or not hes the traitor returns to the forefront. Unfortunately, its long past the point where the crew should be considering him a possible candidate, since the traitor transmitted information that could only have been known by someone on Moya. Maybe thats a factor in keeping Grunschlk alive, but it seems more of a minor plot oversight or convenience. Just to keep the improbable deception going with the audience, Ahkna contacts Staleek and says, point blank, that the spy is now with Crichton. Once at the temple, several of the running plot threads are triggered, ratcheting up the tension immediately (as if its not already high enough at this point!). Stark tries to keep himself and the remaining Eidelons alive while preparing to transfer the ability to create peace, the Peacekeepers and crew prepare to defend against another massive Scarran assault, and Aeryns water breaks. Its the usual Farscape brand of chaos, multiplied by 10 times over. Starks part is resolved rather quickly, but a further complication is added. Sure enough, there arent enough Eidelons left in the temple to exert enough influence, even if they are all trained by Muoma. Noranti (who finally factors back into the plot) has gathered enough of them to make a difference, but they are cut off from the temple. With Moya unable to get back to the surface until sunrise, those within the temple are cut off from assistance and the other Eidelons. The net effect is that the Eidelons are no longer a viable short-term option, forcing Crichton to survive long enough to get the baby born safely under fire and then try to find a way to activate his wormhole weapon. Of course, the Diagnosan gets killed right away, just after pointing out that the baby is breech and has to be turned. As if labor isnt hell enough, Chiana has to manage this while Aeryn is still firing her rifle at oncoming Scarrans. In a sense, this is probably a good thing, because right about then, Aeryn is ready to kill Crichton for the wonderful gift of Human labor. She certainly gets to vent her aggression! Through quick cuts between the battle scenes, its revealed that Jothee has secured a Scarran transport to safeguard the surviving Eidelons; its just a matter of getting Muoma out of the temple. With the conditions less than sanitary, John tries to convince Aeryn to get into the central fountain. Shes less than enthusiastic. Somewhat harder to discern is Scorpys sudden realization that something is amiss about Sikozu. What exactly it is that tips Scorpius off is hard to figure out, but its even harder to understand when and why Sikozu would have joined the other side. One could presume that it was during the gangs time on Katratzi, when Sikozu would have had the interests of her people in mind. But Sikozu had been working with the underground to undermine the Scarrans all along, so why the change of heart? Again, it would have made more sense for Chianas eyes to be bugged in some fashion, rather than force a betrayal that doesnt quite hold water. Its even stranger that Scorpy doesnt kill her right then and there; perhaps thats some sign of his actual love for her. With the baby on its way, the writers stage an absolutely hilarious wedding scene that just about encapsulates everything that is Farscape in one quick succession of misunderstands and madness. It all ends in the birth of John and Aeryns son, which is a banner moment for the series. Had this taken place in the middle of the series itself, it might have spelled disaster; coming during a true event like this mini-series, it adds to the drama in less threatening way. Its also a little surprising to see a child so young actually on screen; that kid looks like a newborn in the close-ups, and thats not something typically done in American television. To get the baby to safety and make it to the point where Moya can extract them, the gang goes on the offensive. This takes the ongoing battle out onto the streets, leaving the fates of Grunschlk and Sikozu completely unresolved. One could assume that they are killed at some point later in the narrative, especially if they dont find a way off the planet. Still, this minor glitch is nothing when compared against the seemingly endless series of glorious action stills. Aeryn with her baby takes down the enemy, and Scorpius spends every other moment making damn sure he looks as badass as he most assuredly is. The whole thing feels like Saving Private Ryan remade for the future. It all comes to a head in a street battle that forces Jothee to strafe the entire area to eliminate the bulk of Ahknas forces. In the chaos that follows, Jothee gets the Eidelons to safety, leaving just the crew to make it to safety. In the ensuing flight to the extraction point, Ahkna manages one last attack on Crichton. Since this is the last of the hand-to-hand combat scenes, its not surprising that this is the moment DArgo is mortally wounded. But it happens so fast that its almost easy to overlook, and theres also Aeryns satisfying kill shot to Ahknas head. (Leaving aside, of course, the fact that Ben Browders wife plays Ahkna, which makes the scene too warped for words!) DArgos death scene is one of the most moving moments of the mini-series, and it really sets off a barrage of incredible moments. As long as the siege is in the second half, it serves to keep the tension from fading. By the time DArgo is dying, the audience is exhausted by the war and stunned by the immediacy of its cost. The writers do an incredible job of letting each character say their farewell in their own unique way: Aeryn treats him as a fellow warrior, Stark offers to ease his passing, and Rygel simply touches him on the arm, expressing regret the only way he knows how. The most moving farewells, of course, come from John and Chiana. John and DArgo developed an incredible friendship over the span of the series, and that bond became almost as strong as the one between John and Aeryn. John once sacrificed himself for Jothees sake, placing himself in Scorpius hands, and now DArgo is returning the favor. In one last act of forgiveness, he gives Chiana his Qualta blade. In a nice reference to one of their better days during the series, John tasks DArgo with the responsibility of telling the first Scarran who his daddy is. Its doubtful that theres a fan out there that wasnt struck with a sense of loss as DArgo made his last stand, allowing the others to get to the extraction point and escape. Caught up in the full-scale war erupting over the planet, Crichton arrives on the command deck to see the wormhole weapon waiting for him. With the Eidelons safe and secure with Jothee and Moya under considerable fire, the moment of truth arrives. Everything has been leading to this one moment, the moment that almost never came to pass. Still reeling from DArgos death, the crew is ready for Crichton to end the war once and for all. But only he understands the true nature of the weapon, and the terrible price to be paid if its used. After drawing Scorpius into saying that firing the wormhole weapon is what he truly wants, Crichton launches it into the space between the Peacekeepers and Scarrans. What follows is easily one of the best CGI sequences in the history of television. Hell, it even beats the pants off of most feature films. Ship after ship is pulled into the growing maelstrom of a rapidly expanding black hole, but even then, Staleek and Grayza continue to fire, all until the event horizon reaches so far that Qujaga itself is ripped apart before their eyes. Its a moment of such total annihilation that its impossible to describe in sufficient detail; it is the culmination of every action sequence ever put to film during the four seasons of the series. With only Staleeks Decimator, Grayzas carrier, and Moya left on the edge of the maw, unable to escape, Crichton completes his endgame. He makes it very clear: the wormhole weapon cannot create peace; it can only destroy. People need to forge peace, and if that doesnt happen, then Crichton will let the black hole expand until they all die, and then everything will eventually be destroyed. Grayza offers to stand down and sue for peace for the sake of our children. This once again suggests that her unborn child is Johns progeny as well, but its certainly not a given. Staleek hesitates, but he was already willing at one point to entertain a peaceful resolution. Perhaps aware that victory is out of reach without peace, he agrees as well. When Crichton jumps back into the machine to halt the process, its not without cost; Einstein fulfills his promise to remove the knowledge of wormholes from Crichtons mind. The process works, but the toll on Crichton is not at all pleasant. When he falls to the ground, Aeryns hysterical screaming, quite out of character, drives it all home. For quite some time, it seemed inevitable that John would only make it out of the crucible by dying. Even Scorpius seems to be struck by the knowledge of it, even if he is altogether too pleased with himself for bringing about his own personal victory by forcing Crichtons hand. Finally, events catch up with all those flashes of John on his deathbed, and one cant help but remember the final scene of Infinite Possibilities. Certainly Aeryn cant imagine saying goodbye to the man she loves twice in less than two years. Time is spent giving most of the characters some sense of closure. Stark finally gets the peace that he has been seeking, no longer cursed with the connection to the spiritual world that plagued his mind. Chiana still intends to get to Hyneria in honor of DArgo. Jothee doesnt take his fathers blade, so its left to question how all of that is meant to play out, but resolution doesnt mean that all the questions are answered. In a nice homage to 2001, Harvey fades out of existence, no longer necessary now that Scorpius wishes have been fulfilled. The rest of the final act is utterly devoted to the shippers and saps in the audience, though its hard to imagine anyone who wouldnt feel something for John and Aeryn in that moment. Watching John awake with his son at his side was incredibly touching, especially Aeryns expression at the sight of father and son. Theres no question that they would name the child DArgo! Its pure melodrama, but damn if it doesnt make perfect sense for the character arcs and provide the perfect ending to Johns story.
tt0167872
Drama
The most autobiographical of Dickens's works, David Copperfield tells the moving story of David's journey from birth to maturity -- a journey that inextricably links his life with some of Dickens's most extraordinary and colorful families. A world-class cast -- including Daniel Radcliffe, Oscar-winner Maggie Smith, Bob Hoskins and Nicholas Lyndhurst -- brings to life some of Charles Dickens's most beloved characters in this TV adaptation.
tt0129871
Drama,Fantasy,Horror
In the Nevada desert, a couple, Peter (Henry Thomas) and Mary (Annabeth Gish) Jackson are driving and pass by a 50 mile speed limit sign which a dead cat has been tied to. Mary points it to Peter, who was driving and didn't see it. Soon they are followed by a police car. Without rhyme or reason, they are stopped by a sheriff, Collie Entragian (Ron Perlman). He soon learns they are in possession of marijuana. In response, he takes them to jail. After they enter the police station, they see a little girl, dead, on the floor and Collie shoots and kills Peter. Mary is thrown in a jail cell along with a young boy called David Carver (Shane Haboucha), his parents, Ralph (Matt Frewer) and Ellen "Ellie" Carver (Sylva Kelegian), and an old man, Tom Billingsley (Charles Durning). It's also learned the little girl is the Carver's daughter named Pie Carver (Sammi Hanratty). In jail, David is praying to God and he's been doing it because of his best friend, Brian Ross (Darren Victoria). David and Brian were riding bikes just as a crazy drunk guy (Glenn Wilder) in a car was coming towards them. David saves himself while the car hits Brian's bike making him fly. The car crashes and injures the man while Brian flies and smashes his face on a nearby house, causing David to pray for him, which works. The doctor at the hospital where Brian had to go called it a "miraculous recovery". Meanwhile, Steve Ames (Steven Weber) is in his moving company truck following famous author John Edward "Johnny" Marinville (Tom Skerritt) who is 50 miles up ahead. Steve soon picks up a young female hitchhiker named Cynthia Smith (Kelly Overton). Johnny stops in the desert to urinate just as Collie shows up behind him and puts the same weed with the smiley tag he got from Peter and Mary under Johnny's motorcycle seat and "arrests" him, not after dancing in front of him singing out "You say tomeito, I say tomato" and then punching him. Johnny phones Steve but the connection is very bad, and they can't almost make out what the other one is saying. While Collie is driving Johnny to the village, he sneezes and blood stains the front mirror. Later, David realizes Entragian's skin is breaking out and he keeps saying "Tak" because he is possessed. Collie then takes Ellen so he can shift his spirit into her body and puts a vicious dog in charge of things. Pie's ghost appears, at the beginning jumping rope and looking quite happy and contented in heaven, and gives David a bar of soap although the sheriff, with a bleeding face, appears in spirit to scare Pie away. However, the bar of soap appears inside the jail magically. The young boy proceeds to scrub his body with the soap and while the dog is distracted by the rest of the prisoners, David slips through the bars of the jail cell and gets out of the room, although his head seemd to be about to become stuck between two bars. David searches the police station and finds a gun on the corpse of another sheriff. He returns to shoot the guarding dog to free everyone. Meanwhile, Steve drives up to where Johnny was arrested by Entragian to find Johnny's motorcycle hidden behind dry bushes. Cynthia and Steve later search the town of Desperation, where they find all the residents dead. That night, they both meet up with the gang. They gather at a theater and Tom tells a story that took place 120 years ago, when Chinese workers digging in a mine discovered an evil spirit named "Tak." The now possessed Ellen sends in a mountain lion and Tom is killed. Mary is captured by Ellen so that she can have a new body. David sees the ghost of Pie in the theater again and she leads him to the movie editing machine revealing the truth of how Tak came to the town. Pie tells her brother to watch a particular piece of film and he does so. There, he can see how Chinese miners were beaten and mistreated by the white overseers. They don't retaliate until they find a particular room in a cave and a spirit dust makes them violent. With their pickaxes, the miners kills many ex-owner. The mine gets blown in the process. Two Chinamen are about to be hanged, because everybody thinks they were the culprits of the mine sabotage. However, when they are standing in the scaffold, they began to change physically, becoming monsters of their own and showing that they have been possessed by Tak. David becomes entranced while seeing the film, until he is rescued. Mary wakes up to find herself trapped in a shed waiting to be the next host for Tak. With the help of Pie, she manages to escape, while seriously injuring Ellen's body forcing Tak to take over the body of a raven. Johnny later confesses 40 years ago in Vietnam he (Tom Parker) saw a guy, possessed by Tak, blow up the bathroom of a bar killing 87 people. The group decides to return to the cave with some explosives they found to put an end to Tak. At the entrance, a vulture comes out and kills Ralph. In order to redeem himself, Johnny goes into the mine and falls in a hole leading to a small hole where Tak is. His motorbike helmet kind of protects him from the yellowy dust which is the shape of Tak while it is not possessing a body. The arm of that yellowy substance pulls Johnny in the well. They can talk to each other while Johnny is doing his thing. Tak tries to convince Johnny to let him / it be, promising anything he may wish for. Johnny is in huge pain. Johnny ignites the explosives, blowing up the mine while the rest of survivors drive away in Steve's truck. They drive through the avalanche and the fire which ensue. The dust arising from the explosion, as seen by the survivors from the town looks as the mushroom from a nuclear bomb. They enter their vehicle once again, just in case. Along the route driving away from the town, they pass by the RV vehicle owned by David's family and Peter's sister's car. Mary tells Steve to stop the truck to retrieve an overnight package from the car. In the back seat Mary finds an album belonging to Pie, which Steve identifies as being signed by Johnny.
tt0102724
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
On a local radio show, the host and D.J. Fran Ambrose (CCH Pounder) is discussing matricide with Dr. Leo Richmond (Warren Frost). The doctor, having written a book titled Mother Killers which details "boys who kill their mothers", talks about a 30-year-old case in which a young teenage boy committed matricide, and then dressed as his mother and went on a murderous rampage. The next caller, requesting to be identified as 'Ed', claims to be personally connected with the show's theme. Ed, who is revealed to be in fact Norman Bates (Anthony Perkins) tells Fran and Dr. Richmond that he has killed many people before and that he is "gonna have to do it again". Norman then proceeds to tells a story about one of his murders; A frisky young teenage girl named Holly (Sharen Camille) arrives at the Bates Motel c. the 1950s, with a young Norman (Henry Thomas) sitting on the porch of his gloomy house on the hill overlooking the motel. The flirtatious girl asks to see Norman's room, and when young Norman attends to one of the motel guests, she sneaks into the Bates house. After disrobing, the girl lies in bed for a very nervous Norman, who decides that he had better check on his mother. It appears that Norman's mother is upstate that a "whore" is in the house, and she wants Norman to kill her. When the girl goes looking for Norman in the master bedroom, she sees the mummified remains of his mother Norma Bates. Norman (dressed as his mother) kills the girl by stabbing her to death. In the present day, when Dr. Richmond asks where 'Ed' was when he killed his mother, an agitated Norman hangs up the phone and turns off the radio. It is revealed here that Norman is living in a fancy suburban house somewhere in Fairvale, California. Just then, Connie (Donna Mitchell), Norman's wife, phones him from the hospital where she works and asks if he may pick up his birthday cake from the local bakery since she has taken an evening shift at the hospital. After hanging up the phone, Norman turns the radio back on where he hears Fran telling the listeners that she would like to hear from 'Ed' again. Norman calls the show and talks about his father, who died as a result of an allergic reaction to bee stings, when Norman was six-years-old. Fran reminds the listeners that she is speaking with a man who has killed his mother. Norman chips in saying "plus her boyfriend with her." In another flashback, Norman narrates that he was practically running his family-owned motel by the time he was age 15. He speaks in a eerily close and intimate relationship with his mother Norma (Olivia Hussey) (whom she named her only son after her). He also talks about her mother's perculiarities: "She'd been sweet one moment, and the she'd suddenly turn mean for no reason in the next". Norma Bates (who is implied to suffer from schizophrenia and borderline-personalty disorder among other mental illnesses) would occasionally throw maniacal tantrums and she seemed oblivious to her sexual frankness towards her son. One day, when the two of them are playfully rolling in the grass near the Bates house, Norma realizes that her son is getting sexually aroused, and she punishes him for having "dirty thoughts" by forcing him to put on one of her dresses, and she then smears makeup on his face and locking him in a closet. During a break for 'Ed', Dr. Richmond expresses to Fran his suspicions that Ed is actually Norman Bates. He says that if Norman makes a threat, it should not be taken lightly. Fran tells her station co-workers to check out the records in Fairvale, California to see if Norman has been released from an institution. Norman comes back on the air and continues telling his life story. It seems that Norma is upset about a new freeway being constructed so far from the motel which is making it loose business. She reprimands Norman for not showing sympathy and blames him for her bad bladder, saying un-motherly things like "I should have killed you in my womb. You sure as hell tried to kill me by getting out of it." Fran and the others learn that Norman no longer runs the Bates Motel for it was closed down seven years ago (after the events in Psycho III). He spent a second time at a mental hospital where he met a nurse at the ward where he spent, named Connie, who helped him get better. Norman was then released after being deemed sane once again. He married Connie two years ago and has been living with her ever since. Norman continues his story by saying that some time later his mother met a man named Chet Rudolph (Thomas Schuster), who coaxes Norman into boxing, only to punch him too hard. After inadvertently saying his real name, Norman then talks about committing another murder, that he brought over another young teenage girl, named Gloria, from town and, after kissing in Chet's car, he brought her to the motel and then killed her, and dumping her body into the swamp behind the motel. Eventually, Norman says he must kill his wife Connie because she "let herself get pregnant". He wanted to end the "Bates line", but Connie stopped taking birth control pills. As Norman says, he will kill her with his own hands, "just like the first time." He then tells of a dark and stormy night when he added the poison strychnine to a pitcher of tea and served the poison to his mother and Chet while they were getting intimate in her bedroom. Chet drank the poisoned tea first and then Norma. When Chet began gagging and telling Norma (too late) that Norman just poisoned them, she then tries to attack Norman, who pushes her to the floor and watches them both die. At his mother's funeral and wake at his house, Norman carries his mother's dead both from the open coffin to the cellar, and replaces her empty coffin with weighted down books from the book shelf and closes the coffin lid to keep his secret. He then preserved her body via taxidermy and kept it off-and-on in the cellar for the next 10 years. In the present, Norman tells Fran that the "show's over," and he then hangs up and then goes to meet Connie at the Bates house. Norman drives to the closed down motel and up to his old house long-since abandoned. Norman attacks Connie with a knife. Connie manages to talk Norman out of killing her, and a frustrated Norman begins dousing his home with gasoline and setting everything on fire. Norman, frightened by the images of his mother and some of his many victims, is finally helped out of the burning cellar by Connie. As he walks away from his burning house, he tells Connie, "I'm free." In the final shot, the invisible ghost of Norman's mother is heard screaming in the cellar demanding to be released saying "Get me outta here! Norman!" We hear the crying of a newborn over a fade to black screen.
tt0433422
Drama
Vanessa Snyder (Alexa Vega) is an admired eighth-grader in her school. She has a loving single mother, Barbara (Lisa Vidal), who is proud of her well-placed daughter. Vanessa is also "in" with the popular clique, led by her best friend Stacy Larson (Leah Pipes), the queen bee, and Nikki Rodriguez (Elizabeth Rice), who is secretly jealous of Stacy and Vanessa's closeness. On the exterior of this exclusive friendship circle is the outsider, Emily (Shari Dyon Perry), and the wannabe, Tiffany (Alicia Morton), who is dying to make it into the pack. The nightmare begins when Nikki tricks Vanessa into getting close to Tony (Chad Biagini), a boy whom Stacy (and somewhat Vanessa) has a crush on. A web of lies, nasty rumors, and manipulation ensues, and Vanessa is ostracized by the clique for "backstabbing" Stacy. Helpless, Vanessa soon faces the conflict and violence from her former friends and other popular girls whom she doesn't even know. Nikki gets Tiffany accepted into the clique, and Tiffany becomes Nikki's sidekick at poisoning the others against Vanessa. Although Nikki is the main girl who is tormenting Vanessa, Stacy plays her part by pretending she's still Vanessa's best friend and not stopping the attacks on her. Vanessa is slowly pushed out of class activities, called names, socially isolated and worst of all, her tormentors create a webpage about her on which they put humiliating photos of Vanessa, along with expressions of hatred towards her. Emily tries to convince Vanessa not to go running back to the clique, but Vanessa keeps attempting to seek reconciliation with Stacy, to disastrous results. The bullying escalates, with Stacy, Nikki, Tiffany and others cornering Vanessa inside a bathroom and verbally brutalizing her, including degrading every aspect of her and revealing her embarrassing secrets. That night, Vanessa has a nervous breakdown and chops all her hair off. Then she starts skipping school, fearing the agony in the hallways. Stacy offers a fake truce to Vanessa and asks for help on an assignment. Vanessa sends Stacy her paper, only to have Stacy copy it and make it look like Vanessa copied Stacy's paper. Once Vanessa shows her mother a print-out of comments about Vanessa's hair, Barbara tries to help by informing the school about the bullying, to no avail as the principal is unable to take disciplinary action against non-physical bullying. Barbara even tries to talk to Stacy's mother, Denise (Rhoda Griffis) but only ends up straining their friendship. Even an adult like Barbara is helpless in the face of teen violence. Vanessa's spirits are suddenly lifted when Stacy invites her to her birthday party. After preparing, she arrives at a club, which is not the site of the party. When discovering this, Vanessa goes ballistic. She takes an overdose of her mother's sleeping pills, but survives and just passes out. In the hospital, Barbara reveals to her daughter that she was also emotionally bullied when she was a teenager, which caused her to encourage Vanessa to stay friends with Stacy. She says that she never dealt with it herself and wished Vanessa would learn self-defense. During a class session, Emily accuses Stacy of nearly killing Vanessa for her actions. She is also the only one of Vanessa's classmates to visit her in the hospital and befriends her. Back home, Barbara spots malicious instant messages popping up on Vanessa's computer and sends them to the school principal. The culprits have been revealed to be Nikki, Tiffany, and Ezra (Joey Nappo), another tormentor. If they deny that they cyber-bullied Vanessa, they would be expelled from the school and not graduate. When Vanessa returns to school, she and Stacy reunite after Stacy convinces her that she's sorry about the bullying. They IM each other about how great it feels to be best friends again. Then graduation day comes and the final conflict happens when after the graduation, Nikki and Tiffany read aloud the chat between Vanessa and Stacy, which Stacey had sent to Nikki, and which Nikki had printed out. Vanessa finds Stacy and confronts her, something that no one has dared to do before. Vanessa brings everything down on Stacy and sees right through her offer of false friendship. Stacy does not want to fight with Vanessa, as they are in front of the entire eighth grade class and parents, and tries to hug her, but Vanessa pushes her away and ends the fight by saying, "You have nothing that I want.". The film concludes with a humiliated Stacy fleeing the school after having her methods fly back in her face. She is dethroned, and her two "henchwomen", Nikki and Tiffany, are left powerless without a leader. Onlookers begin to applaud Vanessa for her courageous actions as she hugs Emily, the only true friend she's had. Barbara, who had witnessed the whole exchange, watches with pride and happiness as they both leave for an after-party, permanently disbanding the bullying clique.
tt0162212
Drama,Family,Sport
Andy "Brink" Brinker and his in-line skating crew--Peter, Jordy, and Gabriella--who call themselves "Soul-Skaters" (which means they skate for the fun of it, and not for the money), clash with a group of sponsored skaters, Team X-Bladz--led by Val--with whom they attend high school in southern California. When Brink discovers his family is in financial trouble, he goes against the wishes of his parents and his friends and joins Team X-Bladz for 200 dollars a week. He keeps this from his friends until they see him skating for Team X-Bladz in a local competition. Brink's friends feel betrayed by Brink, and agree to a downhill race - Soul-Skaters vs Team X-Bladz (specifically Gabriella vs Brink). Val sabotages Gabriella's part of the course by sprinkling pebbles onto the road in order to make her fall and ensure a win for the X-Bladz despite the trivial nature of the street race. As Val plans, Gabriella wipes out big and sustains major injuries. At this point, all of the Soul-Skaters disown Brink as their friend; they accurately call him a sell-out and stop talking to him. Since Brink seems eager to help out the family, his dad finds him a job working at a dog grooming shop named "Pup 'N Suds." He gets an advance in his paycheck and buys new gear for the team. In the days before the competition, he meets his friends at the skate yard and tells them of his plan to sponsor the team under the name "Team Pup 'N Suds." They accept Brink as their friend again, after hearing that he threw a milkshake in Val's face As friends once again, they compete in the competition. At the end, it comes down to Brink and Val. Although Brink tries to skate fairly, Val cleverly uses controversial tricks, but fails in the end to secure the win. Brink, his friends and his family celebrate the long-awaited victory. Immediately after the race, Val is fired from X-Bladz for cheating. Team X-Bladz's manager Jimmy offers Brink the captain position of the team. Remembering that they skate for fun, not money, Brink turns down the offer. By: Anonymous
tt0406265
Drama,Romance
Based on the classic by Harlem Renaissance author Zora Neale Hurston, the film depicts the timeless, lyrical and passionate story of a beautiful and resilient woman's quest for love, sensual excitement and spiritual fulfillment, despite society's expectations of a woman of color in 1920s America. Ms. Berry stars as Janie Crawford, whose journey takes her through three marriages with very different men, and during which she experiences all that life has to offer, from tremendous success to unspeakable heartbreak. Darnell Martin directs from the teleplay written by Suzan-Lori Parks, the first African-American woman playwright to win the Pulitzer Prize. Michael Ealy, Tony Award winner Ruben Santiago-Hudson and Emmy Award winner Ruby Dee also star, with a strong supporting ensemble cast.
tt0085106
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
The film opens during a furious battle in El Salvador. News cameraman Mike Donovan and his sound engineer Tony Wah Chong Leonetti, are interviewing the leader of a resistance movement battling a totalitarian government. Fleeing the dangerous combat zone, Mike and Tony try to escape in a pickup truck but are cornered by a helicopter. Mike bravely films the helicopter as it closes in but it suddenly stops and flies off. Mike looks behind him at the sky and sees a massive saucer-shaped ship moving slowly toward him. He begins to film it as it passes over him. More ships identical to the one Mike saw are seen all over the world. They hover over 50 major cities but do not communicate with Earth for a few days. One day a countdown is heard all over the world in every major language. When the voice finishes the countdown it tells humankind to have the Secretary General of the United Nations appear on top of the UN building in New York City at 8pm. That night, while the Secretary General, armed guards and the press (including Donovan & Leonetti) wait atop the building, a smaller craft emerges from the saucer, glides down and lands on the roof. An audio greeting is extended to the Secretary General in his native language, Swedish, and he steps inside the ship. He emerges a few moments later and addresses the audience, telling everyone that the Commander of the saucer fleet is aboard the ship and wishes to speak to the people of Earth. The being's name is John and he appears to be human. He also dons a set of glasses that shade his eyes, allegedly the light of Earth is too bright for his species. When he speaks, his voice has a strange reverberation to it. John explains that his planet needs the aid of Earth in solving massive pollution problems and that they can manufacture compounds to combat the crisis. In exchange, his scientists will share all their knowledge with Earth. The press junket is taken aboard the mothership as guests. They meet John's second-in-command, Diana, who has a somewhat chilly demeanor. John tells the press that Diana heads the science division of the fleet. While they are given a tour of the ship, which is unexpectedly plain-looking, Mike sees that there is a highly restricted secure area that Diana dismisses as a sector containing high amounts of radiation that would be lethal to humans. Public relations with the aliens build very quickly and they are accepted as guests of Earth. A young teenager named Daniel Bernstein joins the Visitors' "Friends of the Visitors" program and is given a brown uniform and high status by a Visitor commander, Brian. Daniel's neighbor, Robin, becomes attracted to Brian. Mike Donovan's mother, Eleanor Dupres, becomes an unofficial ambassador, working closely with Steven, one of John's higher-ranking lieutenants and in charge of Visitor security on Earth. Eleanor's husband (Mike's stepfather) owns a large chemical factory near LA and is asked to have it retooled for the Visitors' manufacturing. Kristine Walsh is asked to be the Visitors' chief news correspondent and public relations specialist. Mike, who finds himself mostly filming Visitor events and activities, travels with them often to the LA mothership. One day on one of the small craft, he finds a small, gold object that looks like a key. He thinks of giving it to the vessel's pilot, Martin, but pockets it and later gives it to his son as a gift. Mike and his wife have been separated for an indeterminate period of time and she expresses her frustration with the thought of Mike leading a more exciting life than hers and that she can't compete with him for the affection of their son. The Visitors begin their retooling of manufacturing plants around the world to produce the compounds they need. At one such plant a Visitor named Willie, sent there by mistake and whose unfamiliarity with English gets him lost, is aided by a young woman named Harmony, who he befriends. He is also put under the supervision of Caleb Taylor, whose gruff attitude about the Visitors makes him dislike Willie. Later, when Caleb is trapped in a large tank filled with liquid nitrogen, Willie rushes into the chamber and brings Caleb out. Willie suffers what appears to be minimal injury. A biologist, Ruth, later is able to obtain a skin sample of Willie's flesh from Caleb's clothing and study it -- the results are puzzling. Ruth is later murdered by a Visitor who hides in her home, killing her with a strange laser pistol. She's never heard from or seen by her colleagues. A prominent anthropologist, Arch Quinton, also disappears, the only sign of wrongdoing is a strange burn on the upholstery of his car door. A sudden announcement by a prominent scientist speaks of a conspiratorial plot against the Visitors by scientists all over the world. The doctor signs a decree naming scientists allegedly involved in the plot, giving the Visitors authority over anyone who questions their motives. At Mike's TV studio, Tony shows Mike a piece of video of the same man who signed the decree, whose hand preference has inexplicably switched from right to left. Suspicious, Mike and Tony decide to sneak aboard the Los Angeles mothership and investigate. At one of the retooled plants, the two rush toward one of the transport ships -- Mike makes it aboard but Tony trips before the ship leaves, leaving Mike on his own. Aboard the mothership, Mike sees a Visitor crew expelling the gaseous compound they produced into the atmosphere above Earth -- the aliens talk about what a waste it seems to be to haul the gas up to the ship only to dispose of it. Mike tapes them with his camera and finds a ventilation tunnel that leads him to the crew quarters. Watching from behind a grate, Mike listens to a conversation between Steven and Diana where they discuss a "conversion" process of Diana's . As they talk, Steven takes a white mouse from a small holding cage and swallows it whole. Diana does the same with a large guinea pig, her jaw dislocating very wide to swallow it and her throat bulging from the effort. Horrified, Mike moves to the next crew chamber and sees a male Visitor in front of a mirror, removing what appear to be human eyes. When the alien turns around, Mike sees that it has red reptilian eyes. The Visitor sees Mike and grabs him, throwing him around violently. It flicks a forked, reptilian tongue and sprays Mike with drops of a mild venom. Mike is able to sink his fingers into the face of the alien, pulling off false skin to reveal slimy green scales and a crested head. While the alien tries hide its face and kill Mike, Mike bats it with his camera and runs off through the duct system, returning to the central landing bay. Though the Visitors have sounded the alarms and are looking for him, he's able to board another transport ship and fly to the ground. Mike is able to escape with Tony and they head back to their studio. They show the tape that Mike shot to their producers, who decide quickly to broadcast it in a live bulletin. As they are about to go live, the Visitors seize control of the station and broadcast their own bulletin, reporting that violence has occurred at some of the facilities they are using to produce their compounds. Visitors have been killed and John announces that Earth authorities have agreed to a state of martial law overseen by his security forces that will be imposed until the situation is brought under control. John mentions that thousands of humans have approached the Visitors for protection and are safe aboard the motherships. Additionally, John charges the authorities and citizens with finding Mike himself, stating that he is a ringleader of a growing resistance movement aimed at the Visitors themselves. Mike is barely able to escape with a copy of the tape when Visitor troops, armed and wearing heavy armor, burst into the station to arrest him. Following the Ruth's disappearance, her friend Juliet Parrish, a biochemist, meets secretly with a handful of her colleagues, small business owners and an LA policeman. They have their suspicions about the Visitors and seemed alarmed by a recent rash of disappearances of other colleagues of theirs and many more in the sciences. The cop says that the rules of law enforcement are being changed slightly every day to benefit the Visitors. The idea of a small resistance group is floated and Juliet agrees, saying that they need to gather as much information about the aliens as they can and most importantly find other people who have the same theories and have experienced unjust treatment or persecution from their higher-ups. Juliet takes the responsibility of meeting with Kristine Walsh to try and convince her to work for the budding resistance. Juliet also charges each person with bringing as many people as they can to their next clandestine meeting and find out if there are other people across the United States who have formed their own groups. Julie goes to Kristine Walsh's apartment building to make contact with her as she planned. When she arrives, she sees Mike Donovan climbing the fire escape to Kristine's apartment. Mike finds her inside and tells her about his secret trip to the mothership and about the Visitors' actual appearance. Kristine is incredulous. On the ground, Julie sees a Visitor shuttlecraft land on the roof. The Visitors try to apprehend Mike but he fights them off, just barely escaping, with Julie following him but not making contact. Daniel's parents see their son becoming more arrogant with his newfound prestige. One night while they watch another of Kristine Walsh's reports about Visitor relations, Stan complains about how most news coverage favors the Visitors and that Walsh seems to be the only person reporting on them. Daniel, dressed in his brown uniform, objects and stalks out of the room when he father admonishes him. When Daniel's mother Lynn suggests that Stan not speak so loudly of his objections, Stan stumbles over his words. Daniel walks back in the room, acting nonchalant but his parents know he'd been eavesdropping. Robert Maxwell, Robin's father, realizes that as a anthropologist he could be arrested -- his lawn and garden worker, a Mexican named Sancho, tells Robert's wife that he may lose other clients because of his association with the Maxwells. Robert gathers his family and they pack up to go to their summer cabin outside Los Angeles. While waiting in line at a Visitor and local police checkpoint, they see a man flee his car and run toward them. The Visitor standing nearby, dressed in a helmet and visor, fires on the man with a pulse rifle that stuns him. He falls limply against the Maxwell's car and is apprehended by two policemen, one of whom questions the authority of the Visitors and another who agrees with the aliens' more brutal tactics. Robert decides to turn the car around and go back to LA. Back at their neighborhood, they go into hiding; their neighbor, Abraham Bernstein, offers his son's pool house to them for shelter. When his son Stan objects, Abraham reminds his son how they snuck him out of Poland during the Nazis reign in Europe. He also tells Stan the truth about what happened to his mother: she was sent to the gas chambers in a Nazi death camp. Abraham is still insistent that the family stay to avoid arrest or persecution and Stan eventually agrees. Abraham and his friend Ruby Engels later encounter a group of kids using blood-red spray paint to deface propagandist posters that declare the Visitors are friends to all. Abraham stops them briefly and shows them a proper symbol of rebellion: he has them spray a giant letter "V" on the poster and tells them it stands for "Victory". He tells them to tell all their friends to do the same. Daniel arrives home on a rainy night and finds Robin in his living room -- she'd snuck out of the pool house finding it cramped and uncomfortable and lets it slip that her family is hiding there. Daniel, infatuated with Robin for most of their lives, tells her that he's been spending a lot of time with his Visitor supervisor, Brian, the Visitor she's infatuated with. Daniel seems perturbed that Robin only seems to want to know more about Brian and isn't attracted to himself. Later, at dinner with his family, Daniel tells everyone that he intends to ask Robin to marry him, suggesting that his new power and prestige with the Visitors allows him to take what he wants forcefully. His grandfather, angered over Daniel's swagger at being a Visitor agent, throws his glass of champagne in Daniel's face. Furious himself, Daniel tries to take Robin by force and, rebuffed by Robin and his own family, reports the Maxwell's whereabouts to Brian. Daniel asks for amnesty for his own family but is deceived: his mother, father and grandfather are all taken into custody. The Maxwell's were able to escape with the help of both Abraham and Sancho. With the help of a sympathetic cop, they are able to slip past a roadblock, however Sancho is arrested on his return. At the Bernstein home, when a Visitor unit arrives to arrest the Maxwell's in the guest house, they only find Abraham, dressed in his rabbi's robe and yarmulke. Avoiding capture, Mike drives to the neighborhood where his divorced wife and his son live. He finds it deserted. In his wife's home, he finds the place ransacked and no sign of her or Sean. He hears someone outside and finds one of Sean's young friends, Josh, who tells him what happened: a large group of people began to protest the martial law standards in the neighborhood and the scene turned violent. A small group of people had thrown a homemade bomb into a nearby Visitor vehicle killing a high-ranking official. More Visitor troops arrived and took large groups of the town's residents prisoner; Sean and his mother were among them, along with Josh's parents. Mike asks Josh if the key he'd given to Sean is still in the house; Josh retrieves it. Mike takes the still-terrified Josh out to eat. One night, Mike and Tony try to infiltrate a chemical plant aiding the Visitors. While they stay out of sight, they see Sancho and Stan and Lynn Bernstein among a group of prisoners being taken aboard a Visitor shuttlecraft. They're discovered and try to fight their way out but are both apprehended: Tony is incapacitated when a Visitor sprays his face with venom and Mike is shot in the chest with a stun burst. On the mothership, Diana intends to torture Mike for information -- at first she wants to have him executed by Martin, a high-ranking officer, who convinces her to attempt a conversion of Mike and escorts him to a holding cell. Before they leave Diana's chamber, Mike sees Stan Bernstein being brought in and strapped to a sinister-looking chair with a tray nearby that contains torture instruments. On the way to the holding cells, Martin tells Mike he'll get him off the ship. Mike is angry, demanding to know what the Visitors' plan is and the whereabouts of his son Sean -- Martin can't explain it in the short amount of time they have. Later, Mike is met by another Visitor, a beautiful blonde woman named Barbara who gives him her uniform and tells him to go to the shuttle bay and take the next ship to the surface. She also has Mike shoot her with her sidearm to give the appearance of her being overpowered. Mike makes it aboard the next shuttle, careful not to speak and give himself away and escapes the clutches of a large Visitor captain on the ground. He is soon captured by Caleb Taylor's son, Elias, who is a gang member and petty thief who has joined the Resistance, becoming an underground smuggler, supplying them with food and other necessities. Mike is taken to Resistance headquarters and after they determine he's not an alien or a spy, he tells them what he knows; that the Visitors are vicious lizard-like beings and have an as yet undetermined plan to subjugate the human race. Sketches are drawn of the Visitors real appearance and Robert Maxwell theorizes that they underwent a similar type of evolution as humans with reptiles being the dominant species. They also determine that bright light could be used as a weapon and that they'll need to connect with other pockets of resisting humans around the world. Back at his parent's house, Daniel is unable to get word of his parents' whereabouts. Brian appears and tells Daniel that Diana wishes to reward him for his loyalty: Brian gives him a fancy ring and promotes him to his second-in-command. Daniel's parents later return and show visible disdain for their son -- they also have been injured during interrogation sessions. Julie teams up with Ben Taylor, Caleb's older son and a doctor. Using a contact they have on the staff of Ben's hospital, they steal supplies for the Resistance. Ben stays behind to delay the Visitor pursuit and is chased down a highway entrance ramp. Julie goes back for him and sees Ben shot in the chest by a Visitor with a pulse-rifle. He falls a short distance and Julie tries to pick him up and is shot in the hip. She barely manages to get Ben into her VW Beetle and they speed off. They catch up with Ben's brother Elias. Before Ben dies, he tells his brother to continue the fight with Julie and the Resistance. Elias takes Julie to a hideout he knows of: it's the abandoned Toluca rail station in a back-alley section of LA, well-hidden from a nearby street. He makes arrangements for the local gangs, who hate the Visitors as much as Julie's group, to allow them to stay in the neighborhood. Julie and Robert Maxwell begin to make plans to have all their salvaged scientific equipment moved from a mountain camp outside the city to their HQ -- Robert's wife is there with their 2 younger daughters. Robin wanders off, unhappy at having to hide with her family and is captured and taken aboard the LA mothership. There, she's held prisoner until Brian comes to visit her. As part of Diana's notoriously inhumane experiments, Brian seduces Robin with the intention of impregnating her. When Robert goes out looking for his daughter, he's found by a Visitor captain who tells him they're holding his daughter. He coerces Robert into revealing the location of the mountain camp but says they'll hold off their attack until 4pm, giving Robert enough time to get his wife and two younger daughters out safely. Mike Donovan is able to sneak aboard the mothership once more. Using the key he'd given to his son, he finds a room filled with gigantic tanks filled with fresh water. He finds Martin and again demands to know where his son is. Martin tells Donovan that water is a precious commodity in the known universe, a fuel source for their fusion technology. Their theft of Earth's water will take an entire generation. Mike suggests that Earth would have shared it with Martin's species but Martin counters that his Leader wants it all, which will leave Earth completely uninhabitable. When Mike asks Martin why his people would follow such a malevolent being, Martin answers that their Leader attained his position through subversion and charisma and reminds Mike that Earth has had it's share of similar influential dictators. Mike also presses Martin about the people who disappeared, like his son's community. Martin then shows Mike a cavernous chamber in the ship that holds thousands of humans in odd tanks that keep them barely alive in suspended animation, another process invented by Diana. Martin explains that some will be trained as soldiers to fight a war with another alien race that the Visitors have been defeated by previously. The rest of humanity will be used for food -- they are being kept alive because the alien invaders prefer live food sources. Mike is more horrified than ever. He also suggests that they might be able to turn to the Visitors' enemy as an ally. Martin helps Mike escape from the ship. He takes Mike to another holding room and shows him what became of Tony: Diana had performed sadistic probing surgery on Tony and killed him. Mike swears revenge. They also find Sancho in the room, with a swollen face and tied to an interrogation chair. Martin tells Mike to take Tony to the nearest shuttle bay and wait while he brings another refugee; it turns out to be Robin. Mike is able to fly out of the mothership but is pursued by a Visitor trooper and another fighter ship. Mike is able to elude them and Sancho proves that he's good in a fight when he takes down one of the ships with a rear-mounted cannon. The other pursuer crashes into a mountain when Mike flies through a tunnel ahead of a moving truck. In Los Angeles, the Resistance organizes an assault on a local armaments depot. Using a few stolen guns and several small bathroom mirrors to reflect light, they try to steal as much weaponry as they can and load it into a moving van. They find out immediately that regular bullets cannot penetrate the hides and armor of their enemy. They are quickly routed and a few of them are killed, however they are able to escape with a large amount of weapons. Robert realizes that the Visitors would now attack their mountain camp and rushes off in a jeep. Meanwhile, Diana, having been informed of the Resistance's mountain hideout, mounts a furious attack on it with a small squadron of fighters. By the time Robert makes it to the camp, it is under full attack. Julie, while helping her comrades, fires a pistol at Diana's fighter, causing mild damage. Mike Donovan, still piloting his fighter, routs Diana's ship and she calls off the attack. Several of Robert and Julie's friends are dead and Robert's wife dies from her injuries. Robert finds his two daughters alive: Robin finds him and is immediately distraught, however she later takes charge of her two younger siblings, acting as a mother to them. Mike reunites with Julie and the other Resistance members. At the Bernstein home, Lynn thinks that they should go into hiding as well. Stan, inspired by his father's will, gives Lynn a note his father had left behind prior to his arrest. At the end of the letter, he bids his family resist their occupiers or they "won't have learned a thing." Julie and Elias travel to a remote astronomical observatory. The astronomer there is a friend of Julie's, who agrees to send a distress signal into space in the hopes of contacting the Visitors' enemy and allying with them. Elias marvels at the plan but Julie also mentions that they don't know how far the signal has to travel to reach any ally -- it could take a few years for a reply. In the meantime, the Resistance will organize and try to fight the Visitors. Before they leave the site, Elias uses spray paint to mark the door with a large red "V".
tt0088693
Adventure,Family,Fantasy
"The incredible all-star version of the unforgettable tale" Sometimes she's too big. Or much too small. Sometimes things are backwards. And there's always too much pepper in the soup! Nothing is quite right since Alice chased a very unusual White Rabbit and stumbled into an adventure that grows curiouser and curiouser. One of the greatest childhood fantasies is captured in Irwin Allen's colorful production adapted from Lewis Carroll's "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland." The stellar cast features dozens of Hollywood's biggest names, including Red Buttons, Sammy Davis, Jr. and Beau Bridges. The legendary Steve Allen wrote the jolly, witty songs. Alice is looking for a way home. And happy to be welcomed into yours. ~Cover of the Sony Pictures DVD
tt0385278
Drama
Middle-class parents Trish and Bill Vogel are stunned to learn that their responsible and itelligent fourteen-year-old daughter Hannah has been sexually active with an older male student. When an STD spreads throughout the school, Trish's attempts to enlighten her community causes her to be ostracized...
tt0805559
Comedy,Drama,Family
Seventeen-year-old Izzy Daniels (Corbin Bleu) is a star boxer and the son of a golden-glove champion. His eight year old sister, Karin, is crazy about Double Dutch and Izzy is asked to take Karin and her friends to a Double Dutch competition, where Mary and her team are entering. Izzy has often seen them Double Dutch and is always bothering them, but during the competition he acts out of character, standing and cheering along with everyone else. Izzy finds he has a crush on his friend and neighbor Mary (Keke Palmer), a member of the jump team The Joy Jumpers, who place fourth in the tournament. They make the city finals, but when Yolanda, the fourth member of the team, decides to quit and join their rival team, The Dutch Dragons, they face the prospect of forfeiting the tournament. Izzy, after learning of Yolanda's departure, quips "Why, did she finally figure out Double Dutch is lame?" Mary then challenges Izzy to speed jump, and when he does it much better than they expect, they ask him to join the team, but he refuses because of what his friends might think. When the other members of the Joy Jumpers, Keisha and Shauna, ask him to fill in until they find a permanent replacement, he finally relents. His conditions are that they practice before school and in his dad's boxing gym, where no one's going to watch. Mary also has a crush on him. Meanwhile, Izzy has a boxing match with Rodney Tyler, the school bully, determining who will win the "Golden Gloves", which goes to the best boxer. Izzy beats him, but Rodney doesn't accept it. He claims he just got lucky and pushes Izzy for a rematch. Izzy says no, and walks out of the gym. Izzy improves tremendously at Double Dutch, and begins to love the sport. He tells the Joy Jumpers that he'd like to be on their team permanently, and they happily agree. Izzy and Mary starts to fall in love with each other and share a romantic moment and a kiss on their fire-escape. However, when Rodney finds Izzy jumping Double Dutch before class, he snaps some photos, prints them and hangs them all over the school. He then tells Izzy, "So that's why you won't give me a rematch! 'Cuz you're too busy jumping Double Dutch!" Izzy becomes mad and says he'll do the rematch. But in the middle of the fight, he tells Rodney that he's sick of being mad and that he's not going to let his anger control him. He walks out of the match and Rodney runs after him, intent on beating him up. But he trips on the cords surrounding the ring, giving Izzy a chance to get even. Instead, he just walks out. Mary tries to convince him not to quit their team but Izzy coldly ignores her and wants nothing more to do with her and the team. Mary is disappointed in him and she leaves. The only girl boxer, Tammy, understands how Izzy feels. She gives him a pep talk on how she never quit boxing when the guys teased her, and that he shouldn't quit either, just because they made fun of him. Meanwhile, Mary, Keisha and Shauna meet up for the city finals, but without Izzy, they feel like giving up. Izzy then walks in and asks, "What, were you really gonna start without me?" He apologizes and Mary smiles and hands him a uniform. They change their name to the Hot Chili Steppers and all is forgiven as the tournament begins. They get first in the compulsory, then second in speed. This ties them with the Dutch Dragons and the freestyle will determine it all. The Hot Chili Steppers get first, and go on to the State Championship. After their performance, Izzy notices Rodney in the crowd, and asks him for a truce, which he accepts. Izzy had finally won the respect of his dad Kenneth (David Reivers) and Mary's love. The narrator in the story was Rodney, and he was telling the story to kids, so the movie was depicted to be a story which Rodney was telling, he also states to one of the kids that Izzy and Mary are now a couple. The film closes with Izzy teaching his dad to jump rope with the help of his little sister, Mary and the other girls.
tt0494716
Comedy,Drama,Family
A young girl turns into an A-List celebrity over night when her private journal is accidently published and becomes a best-seller.
tt1110626
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Zach Conroy and Celeste Mercier are the hottest figure skating couple on and off the ice until a nasty spill knocks Celeste out of competition. With their dreams of gold medals put in ice and their romance chilling as a result, Zach has to find another partner for the championship in Paris. And fast. In glides Alejandra 'Alex' Delgado, a beautiful, tough talking female hockey player with fierce moves and a fearless skating style. Zach's willing to give her a chance, but his coach, Bryan quits in a huff to train Zach's biggest rivals, Cindy Halgyord and Jason Bright. That leaves Zach with a newbie partner and no coach until he convinces former figure skating champ Jackie Dorsey to step in. She puts Zach and Alex through their paces, but the hardest trick of all is keeping them focused on practice and not each other as they bicker and struggle with a growing attraction both on and off the ice. Jackie knows these kids are "fire and ice", and sees the chemistry between them. She also knows that if they can't get it together, they'll set the skating world on fire. That is, if the heat between them doesn't cause a total meltdown. With the competition fierce and the stakes higher than ever, the only way Zach and Alex can win is by putting aside their feelings and pulling out a secret weapon: the deadly Pamchecko jump. But is it worth the risk? Can Zach rise above the past and his history of injuring partners? And can Alex prove that shes got the moves to match her passion? It all comes down to the biggest moment of their lives when they learn that sometimes on the ice and in life you've got to risk it all.
tt0204824
Comedy,Drama,Family
With a huge downpour of rain washing away a large structure, Jessie, a Border Collie dog narrates how the animals have been in hiding from Napoleon and his spies but are now ready to come out of hiding. She then begins to tell how they came to be in this situation. In a flashback sequence to the 1940s, farmer Mr. Pilkington drives a cart with his wife and two sons through Mr. Jones' farm to return his horse. Mr. Jones invites him to a gathering he is hosting, also wishing to talk about his debts with Mr. Pilkington who brushes him off saying that he could just sell him his farm. Jessie informs the horse pulling the cart that there will be a meeting for the animals that night. At the meeting, the pig Old Major incites the animals to revolt against man and to take control of the farm for themselves, calling for a life of equality and prosperity. Old Major then teaches them the song "Beasts of the World". Hearing the animals, Mr. Jones goes to investigate but ends up slipping in the mud, accidentally firing his shotgun and killing Old Major (in complete contrast to the orginal book where Old Major simply died in his sleep from old age). The next day, Mr. Jones goes into town and drinking without feeding the animals. Once returning home he still does not feed them, which leads to the animals breaking into the feed room. The animals then rebel against Jones and drive him off the farm. The pig Snowball is looked on as a their new leader and learns to read and write and he renames the farm 'Animal Farm'. Snowball then writes the Seven Commandments of 'Animalism' which embody Old Major's feelings, while fellow pig Napoleon calls for a secret meeting in which he has Jessie and the other dogs swear loyalty to him and become part of the animal guard. Mr. Pilkington leads an attack on the farm with the aid of the local police, but Snowball has planned for this and the animals launch a counter-attack, fending the men off. Snowball makes plans to build a windmill to better the animals' lives, however Napoleon thinks it is a waste of time. When the animals vote in favor of Snowball, Napoleon calls on the animal guard, recognized by Jessie as her puppies, to attack him in a revolt. Snowball escapes with his life, but Napoleon declares him a traitor, as well as claiming that the windmill was actually his idea. He goes on declare that there will be no more public meetings and that a committee of pigs will decide all aspects of the farm. The animals begin the hard work of building the windmill and Mr. Pilkington hears over the microphone planted in the barn that the pigs can speak English, deciding that if they can talk then they can trade. Napoleon's assistant, Squealer, starts altering the commandments in the night and Napoleon starts trading with Mr. Pilkington. Later that night at the bar, Mr. Pilkington and Mr. Fredrick are talking. Mr. Fredrick shows concern about the animals whom are supposedly starving in hunger. Mr. Jones and Mrs. Jones want revenge on the animals for taking their farm. Mr. Jones blows the windmill up with dynamite. Napoleon blames it on Snowball, declaring a death sentence against him. Squealer begins making propaganda films about Napoleon showing animals on trial for working with Snowball that are sentenced to death, as well as animals supposedly happy with Napoleon's rule. In the rebuilding of the windmill, Boxer the horse is injured and Squealer informs them that Boxer will be sent to hospital. When the time comes for him to be transported the animals realizes that the van is from the glue factory and that Boxer is to be slaughtered. Squealer delivers a phony speech claiming it to be untrue. Later that night, Jessie watches a meeting between Napoleon and Mr. Pilkington and cannot tell the difference between them. Realising that Napoleon now essentially fills Jones' shoes, she decides the animals should leave while they still can. As they leave a film plays, with ducks and sheep singing the greatness of Napoleon, and shows Napoleon standing on two legs wearing a suit, declaring they will build weapons and walls. In the present day, Jessie narrates how they have waited for Napoleon's rule to come to an end. Flooding from a storm causes a wall to collapse, and the animal refugees are able to return to the farm. They find it derelict and largely abandoned. Napoleon has fallen; "a victim of his own madness." Some survived the fall of Napoleon's regime, however; Jessie's puppies, free from Napoleon's lies, emerge from the ruins and return to her. In the closing scene, Jessie is shown sitting in the sun, surrounded by her puppies, while the new owners, a human blond couple with two blond children arrive at the farm in a white convertible Jaguar. The music from the car radio, Fats Domino singing "Blueberry Hill," plays as Jessie vows: "We will not allow them to make the same mistakes. We will rebuild the farm, and now at last, we shall be free."
tt1135933
Horror
A mysterious fog rolls into town the night that a mysterious stranger named Jared buys the run down house down the road from 16 year old Loren Hansett. That night all the dogs start to go crazy and a known sex offender is brutally slain by a werewolf. Loren meets her new neighbour, Jared is hot and he rides a sick motorcycle. He is instantly likeable and Loren's brother Kyle adopts him as his new hero, giving Jared a way in, because he seems to be more than a little interested in lauren and in a creepy way. Steven is an awkward adolescent who has a crush on Loren but does not know what to do about it. Loren begins to hear a voice epeating the name Melissa over and over in her head, she is suspicious of jared and his large black dog which is part alsatian part wolf apparently. we discover that jared has incredible eyesight and hearing, and that he moves very quickly. Loren is obsessing over jared and he is watching her watching him. She sees him witrh a lady in the house until the lights go down, when she hears a blood curdling scream, which is definitely a woman's. She learns that a man was brutally slain in his house and that a prostitute is missing, who looks just like the woman she saw with Jared. Her friend Angie tells Loren to call the police but they do not take her seriously. Loren later interfere's with Jared's plans and saves another would be victim. Jared thanks her by killing Angie and her poor boyfriend Guy. The police return, taking Loren more seriously now that two more people are missing, up until of course, the moment in Jared's house where he gets loren to tell the police that she thinks he is a werewolf, when they believe they have a looney on their hands so they run out. Loren begins to research werewolves. she discovers that his dog is in fact a demon familar and that silver and fire are the only weapons she has. poor Steven who desperately wants her to fall in love with him but has no idea how to go about it, ;takes time out from delivering fried chicken to help her fight monsters. This proves to be a bad idea because Jared has revealed that he believes Loren is in fact a reincarnation of his beloved Melissa and that her soul belongs to him for eternity. He looses his demonic dog and Melissa is forced to kill it with some silver bullets and the help of bumbling celebrity big game hunter Redd Tucker who is doing a book signing in the hunting supplies store where they were shopping for weapons. Redd later recants and claims that they were attacked by a cougar for the press, to not ruin his chance for publicity by ranting about monsters. Steven gets infected by jared for being silly enough to get in between him and his mate and to replace the pet which was killed. Loren tells steven that they have until midnight of the night of the first full moon after he is infected to kill the creature which infected him and break the curse. Unfortunatelt that night is tonight. On the plus side, Steven who has nothing to lose, finally tells loren how he feels and keeps referring to this whole mess as their first date despite Loren's protestations. Steven changes when the moon comes up, locking himself away while Loren exits stage left, to go looking for Redd Tucker to give him a piece of her mind or get some help. When she confonts Redd, he reveal his true self in a moment of great humanity, as he struggles to overcome his inner coward and explains that his whole life is a mess, he lives in this van, he is a nobody and this is his last shot. Loren asks him for his help in hunting the monster because she has seen his shows. Redd reveals that he is just an actor and it was all fake. "Just like you" Lauren tells him bitterly. "Yeah just like me" he says, eyes full of regret, face contorted as he struggles to free the voice within him which tells him he cannot stand by and let this girl face the werewolf alone. Lauren puts silver utensils onto crossbow bolts and readies herself to go into the beast's lair. Jared calls her to tell her that he has her brother Kyle held captive in his house and that he will kill him. Loren goes to rescue Kyle and runs into Redd, who tells her that he played the part of a big game hunter enough that he is a big game hunter and that he cannot sit by and do nothing while innocent people die. Unfortunatley he is still a better actor than a hero but he does eventuall come through. Jared lures Loren into a trap, then disarms her as though her crossbow was a toy, he is inside her head, telling her that her soul belongs to him as it always has. He speaks of them running beneath the stars for eternity, sharing the thrill of the hunt, the rapture of the kill, the carnal pleasure of their lusful howling as they coupled under the moon, Loren who does not seem taken with the whole idea is even less so after watching the transformation. Jared infects her, kyle finally comes good and tries to help his sister but fails. The half Steven half wolfman attacks jared bravely and gets his ass kicked. He also chases the fleeing Redd up a tree, from where Redd throws a flaming torch and some buckshot to Loren's aid. Loren does overcome Jared's attempts at hypnosis eventually and she shoots him with two silver arrows. Steven runs him down with a van and when Jared makes the inevitable final move, Loren shoots a silver shotgun barrel through his brain and causes Jared to explode freeing them all from the curse because Redd got scratched on the way also. Loren and Steven after going through a near death'eternal life spent eating people experience together finally realise they were meant to be together and kiss. Redd has learned to be a better man( sort of ) and Kyle less of a brat. Everything is alright!!!
tt1292594
Drama
"Front of the Class" is based on the true story of Brad Cohen -- played in the movie by Jimmy Wolk -- who, "after being challenged by Tourette's syndrome from a very young age, defies all odds to become a gifted teacher. Despite suffering from Tourette's syndrome, Brad Cohen (James Wolk) fulfills his lifelong dream of becoming a teacher in this touching Hallmark Hall of Fame production based on a true story that shines a light on this often misunderstood disorder. As Cohen grows up, he must face friends and classmates who don't realize that he sometimes cannot control his outbursts, and a father (Treat Williams) who seems unwilling to accept his son's condition.
tt0158409
Action,Sci-Fi,Sport
In the not too distant future, a new sport is deadly sport is the only way to stop a war that will kill millions. Fix (Snipes) is the creator of the sport, but the spotlight has always been on Ramzey (Cain), this hothead must use this game to stop the Revolution.
tt0431420
Crime,Drama,Mystery
One cold November night, a body is discovered on a rocky shoreline by Jesse Stone's deputy, Officer Luther "Suitcase" Simpson (Kohl Sudduth). The victim was shot twice in the heart with a .22 caliber weapon. With no suspect, motive, or weapon, Jesse begins his investigation by gathering the names of gun owners in Paradise who have registered a .22. He also adopts the victim's loyal dog, Reggie. Soon a second victim is discovered in a parking lot-also shot twice in the heart by a .22. Jesse orders photographs taken of all the vehicles in the lot and their license plates, suspecting that the killer or killers are still in the area. Following a third killing with the same modus operandi, an eyewitness comes forward who saw a red Ford Explorer driving away from the scene of the crime. Jesse checks the photos from the parking lot of the second murder and discovers the red Ford Explorer is registered to someone who is also on the list of .22 caliber gun owners in Paradise, a man named Andrew Lincoln. Brianna and Andrew Lincoln are middle-aged thrill killers, independently wealthy from a patent Andrew obtained for an optical scanner he invented while practicing medicine. The couple moved to Paradise and began selecting random people and murdering them while videotaping their crimes. Later they find erotic pleasure in watching the videos of the murders while having sex. Jesse and Luther pay the Lincolns a visit and briefly interview the couple, who show interest in the murders. As they leave, Jesse tells Luther that the Lincolns are the killers. Meanwhile, Jesse investigates the rape of a high school girl, Candace Pennington (Alexis Dziena), who refuses to talk about the incident and whose parents refuse to report the crime, to avoid scandal. Assisted by Officer Molly Crane (Viola Davis), Jesse discovers the identity of the three boys who raped Candace. After one of the rapists, Bo Marino (Shawn Roberts), is brought in on drug charges, Jesse discovers photos in the boy's possession of the naked Candace being raped. Bo's father and his attorney arrive at the police station, but the boy spends one night in jail. After Candace agrees to testify against the boys, Bo and his father storm into Jesse's office and force a confrontation, that ends with Candace's father knocking both Bo and his father to the floor. The attorneys for the three rapists agree to have their clients plead guilty, in exchange for sentences of "community service". While Jesse struggles to find evidence on the Lincolns, the murderous couple begin to stalk Abby Taylor. One afternoon, while walking through a park trying to reach Jesse on her mobile phone, Abby is murdered by the Lincolns in cold blood. Devastated by his girlfriend's murder, Jesse devises a plan that will encourage the killers to attempt to kill him. He goes to the Lincolns' home and returns the .22 rifle. As they taunt the police chief with subtle talk of the murders, Jesse makes it clear that he knows they are the killers. Jesse calls Andrew Lincoln and asks to meet later that night at the parking lot scene of the second crime and Andrew agrees. Jesse suspects that the Lincolns have other plans and while Molly and Luther wait at the parking lot, Jesse waits outside Candace's house, knowing the killers intend to kill Candace. The Lincolns show up at Candace's house and enter the living room where a tape recording of Candace and her parents is playing. Just as they realize they've been set up, Jesse enters the room. Brianna pulls out two .22 caliber pistols and shoots Jesse in the chest. Knowing of their ritualistic technique of shooting their victims in the heart, Jesse has come prepared with a bulletproof vest. Jesse returns fire and shoots Brianna dead. He turns to Andrew and tempts him to pick up his gun, but the cowering murderer refuses, saying no court will give him the death penalty and that he will outlive the police chief. Jesse responds by punching him in the face. Afterwards, Jesse returns to his house by the water and pours himself a drink. His wife calls and begins to leave a message on the answering machine, but Jesse doesn't pick up the phone. Instead he walks outside and watches the tide beneath the evening sky.
tt0102960
Drama,Horror,Thriller
Unable to find a teaching position in Chicago, Jim Norman finally finds an open position, but in a place he never thought he'd return: the town where he grew up. Jim and his family move into a house there, but the entire atmosphere of the town fills Jim with dread. Reporting to his class, Jim finds it filled with numerous jocks and airheads, the majority of which demand Jim pass them anyways. Jim makes it clear he will not, and the Jocks start to taunt him, leading Jim to angrily break a ruler. After work, Jim returns to an old place he hasn't been to for 27 years: the house that his family once lived in, but has been shuttered and vacant ever since. This leads to him having a dream that evening, recounting the terrible incident in 1963: Jim was close to his older brother Wayne, and the two headed off to the library to return some books. Climbing a hill, they came across the local railroad tracks, and Wayne decides to take a shortcut through the nearby train tunnel. The two haven't gone more than 20 ft when the roar of a modified Chevrolet Bel Air is heard, and 4 greasers pull up in front of the two boys, demanding that they hand over what money they have. Wayne tries to get the gang to leave them alone, but they pull off his PF Flyer shoes, and throw them over a metal overhang in the tunnel, before Wayne punches the leader. This causes the gang leader to pull out a switchblade, and stab Wayne, who then collapses. The gang is then about to go after Jim, when the roar of a steam whistle is head, and a train can be seen approaching from the other end of the tunnel. The gang attempts to get back in their car and start it up, but they have lost the keys. Jim then tries to get Wayne up, but Wayne is too badly injured, and weakly tells Jim to get help. Jim attempts to run, but doesn't get far when the train impacts the gang's Bel Air, sending it exploding in a huge fireball, and Wayne is run over along the tracks. Jim eventually ran from the scene, ending up crying on the front porch. Jim then wakes from his dream, when his wife finds him on the front porch of their house. Sometime afterward at school, one of the jocks threatens to get Jim for giving him an F, to which Jim tries to keep his composure. Another student explains to Jim that he appreciates the effort he's making, and then bicycles off. However, Jim sees that the student has dropped his wallet, and drives off intending to give it to him. On a twisting road out of town, the student is menaced by a familiar Bel Air Chevrolet, spewing flames from its twin tailpipes, and attempting to clip the bicycle. Jim comes up on the car close behind, and tries to get the cars attention. However, the Bel Air finally clips the students bike, sending him over the side of a steep embankment. Jim reports about the Bel Air, but almost everyone who saw the student on the bicycle besides Jim, claims there was noone following him. Jim goes back to his class the next day, and is shocked when a new transfer student is introduced...one of the gang of four delinquents. Jim is shaken by the now resurrected gang member, and when one of the jocks causes trouble, Jim lashes out just as the Principal passes by. The Principal takes over the class and orders Jim to leave. Sometime after, a fall parade is held in downtown, and Jim has two incidents that cause him to pause: one is seeing the gang member watching him during the parade, the other is his son Scott finding a pair of PF Flyers that look just like Wayne's shoes from 1963. The family goes home where Jim attempts to relax, but as he attempts to, a familiar train whistle can be heart. Jim then goes off in the middle of the night, back to the mouth of the old train tunnel. His head filling with memories over the bad incident, he heads back through town, where he runs into one of the female students. When he asks her if she's been hearing the old train whistle, the student explains that she's lived her entire life in the town, but hasn't heard any such whistles. That evening, Jim attempts to go back to sleep, but has a nightmare involving the gang as well as the female student. His wife explains that she's worried about him not having slept well and suggests that maybe they should move back to Chicago. Jim angrily explains they are not going anywhere, and heads off for the school. In class, Jim notices the female student is not there, and upon seeing the one gang member flash a devilish grin, rushes from the room, reporting to the police that he has an idea where she is. A search party that evening searches the high weeds near a local farm, but finds nothing. Remembering a barn from his dream, Jim steers the search party to it, where he finds the female student hanging from the upper rafters by her neck. A counselor is brought to the teachers, and many claim the female students death to be a suicide, but Jim claims it was murder. Returning to the classroom, Jim is shocked to see that another of the gang members has appeared as a 'transfer student,' and taken over the other student's desk. Later that evening, the jock who threatened to get Jim shows up at his doorstep, scared. He claims he met with the two gang members after school, and they threatened him, claiming they knew Jim from a long time ago. Jim figures the Jock knows the two gang members were responsible for the deaths of the two students, but the Jock runs off Jim's property, only to run head-first into the Bel-Air, where he is soon thrown up on the windshield of the car as it rockets past Jim's house. Jim quickly rushes back into the house, but panics when there's a knock at the door soon after. However, it is the local Sheriff, who soon takes Jim into the station under suspicion that he may know more than he is letting on. It seemed too convenient that he knew where to find his former student when she went missing. Jim is released from the police the next day, but on his way to school, the Sheriff notes that another of the students has gone missing- the jock who visited Jim the night before. Going into the school, some devilish laughter causes Jim to enter the Boys room, to find the gang members, now joined by a third. They claims that their fourth member will be joining them shortly, and threaten to get Jim's son, Scott. On the way home from school, Scott is chased down and scared as the gang's Bel Air roars up over a hill and chases him down a street. Scott is returned home, shaken by the events. Jim gets there and attempts to comfort his son, by giving him his old baseball cap. Jim also explains to his wife about the gang having seemingly come back from the dead, but his wife can't believe it. Even so, Jim tells her to lock the house as he leaves. Seeing a police car patrolling the area, he wonders about an officer he had seen when he was running away from the death scene as a child. Jim eventually finds the officer who has since been put in a home. The officer explains that when he was wounded some time ago, he was legally dead for 3 minutes, and in that time, he saw Jim's brother, Wayne. The officer claims that Wayne is stuck in limbo, unable to go on, and that when that occurs, some spirits come back, unable to finish their business. Jim tells the officer about the gang members he's encountered, and that each of them mentioned they had 'transferred up from Milford,' but he was not able to find any school by that name. The officer then tells Jim why he couldn't find it: Milford isn't a school, it's a cemetery. Jim then heads out to the cemetery, and finds the tombstones of 3 of the 4 members. As he wonders about the 4th member, the 3 others appear, claiming that their 4th member wasn't killed, and they intend to get to him before Jim does. Jim tracks down the 4th member, finding him in a trailer. Jim takes the gang member's gun, and forces him to go to the old train tunnel, but the former gang member runs off. Back at the house, Jim's wife and son are terrified when the three deceased members break into the house. Jim arrives soon after, firing the gun he used on their 4th member, but the bullets do no harm. The three leave the house, once again insisting that Jim meet them at the old train tunnel. Jim takes his family to the nearby church, promising them that they'll be safe there. When his wife asks why the gang members have returned from the dead, a thought crosses Jim's mind, and he knows why they have come back for revenge. Returning to his family home, Jim breaks in and finds an old cigar box under the floorboards, along with the three books his brother never returned to the library that fateful day. He also finds the 12 cents that was to be paid as a late fee. Inside the cigar box, he pulls out a car key with a red-dyed rabbit's foot. The gang have sworn revenge because in his haste, Jim had grabbed the key on the ground and ran, leaving the 3 in the car with no way to drive away before they were hit by the train. Jim is further shocked to find the 4th member of the gang at the door, claiming he's tired of running, and believes Jim, wanting his pain and torment about that day to be over with. As the two head for Jim's van, it bursts into flames as the other 3 gang members stand nearby. They take their 4th member with them, and tell Jim they are going to get his wife and child. The gang manages to lure both Jim's wife and son out of the church, and taken them along with them to the tunnel. Meanwhile, Jim goes to his brother Wayne's grave, pleading and begging for Wayne to return to help him. As he watches, a white tunnel materializes, and for a few moments, Wayne almost appears, but is then drawn back. With noone else to turn to, Jim heads back to the train tunnel, long since abandoned and the train tracks gone except for the wooden pylons in the ground. Jim recites by heart the conversation he had with his brother that day, and the gang's Bel Air roars up behind him, blocking the way. The gang gets out and attempts to bully Jim, also showing that they have his family in their car. The 4th gang member tries to stop them, but the leader stabs him with his switchblade. As he dies, the 4th member tells Jim that when he dies, someone else can cross over. As they watch, a bright light appears, and the white tunnel reappears, with Wayne stepping out. Wayne and Jim attempt to fight the 3 gang members, when a train whistle is heard, and the train engine is seen at the far end of the tunnel...glowing a hellish red! Jim throws away the rabbits foot with the keys, causing the two gang members to run after it. Wayne tries to take down the gang leader as Jim gets his wife and son out of the car. The gang leader tells Jim they'll get him again, but Jim explains that it's all over, and the gang is going to hell. The three find the keys and attempt to drive off, but are once again destroyed when the train plows into their car. The fireball envelopes them, and the car, the gang and the train disappear. In the aftermath, Wayne sees Scott with Jim's cap, and thinks that Scott is Jim. Jim explains to Wayne's spirit that he is his brother, and that 27 years have passed. The light tunnel reappears, and Wayne pleads with Jim that he doesn't want to go back, and that he'll be alone. He tries to get Jim to go with him, but Jim tells his brother that he has to stay behind to take care of his son. Jim's wife also pleads to Wayne that they do need Jim, as much as Jim needed Wayne when they were younger. Jim promises Wayne they'll meet again, and now that Wayne's spirit can finally rest, he'll be able to see Mom and Dad again. Wayne crosses over into the light tunnel, which closes up behind him. The family embraces, and they return back through the tunnel entrance, the ghosts of Jim's past now having been put to rest.
tt1797469
Drama,Mystery,Thriller
Johnny Worricker is a lifelong member of the Security service. He's no longer married and realizes that he's not much of a father to his now adult daughter. His boss, Benedict Baron, asks him to review a particularly sensitive file that reveals not only that the CIA has illegal prisons around the world but that the British Prime Minister, Alec Beasley, was aware of them and knew about them all along. When Baron dies of a heart attack the Prime Minister personally tells Worricker that he has 12 hours to return the incriminating file or face the consequences. Johnny enlists the aid of his neighbor Nancy Pierpan but in the end he has to compromise, leaving him in a delicate situation. Continues with "Turks & Caicos". Written by garykmcd
tt0138444
Drama
The film opens with fourteen year old Tina having sex with Ray. A few days later Tina is sitting in the car with her mother and a program comes on the radio about the number of teenagers getting pregnant. Tina's mother asks her if she knows anyone who is sexually active at her age, and Tina nods her head yes. Later in the bathroom at school, she discovers that she has started her period, and is extremely relieved. However, it only lasts two days, and came two months too late. She and her friend Laurie, a young mother, go to the doctor and discover that she is pregnant. Tina's birthday comes, and she is saddened because another birthday has passed and she doesn't have a boyfriend. Her mother gives her a grey sweater that she desired, but is quickly angered when her mother offers advice on how to wear it. It all comes to a head when Tina tells her mother about the pregnancy. Her mother, a conservative Christian, is shocked but due to her beliefs, decides to help her daughter. Her dad is less upset and comforts his daughter. When Tina tells Ray - the baby's father - he feigns happiness. Throughout the stressful pregnancy, Tina's younger sister Rachel reacts with both disgust and jealousy by the attention Tina receives from her concerned parents. Eventually Rachel calls their grandmother to ask permission to live with her. As the pregnancy becomes more and more overwhelming, Tina begins pregnancy classes with her mother. After hearing a story from a girl about how hard teenage motherhood is and how her boyfriend left her, Tina calls Ray and yells at him because she thinks he won't be a good father like he promised he would be. For a while she tries to make him stay with her, but when Ray isn't as present as she would like him to be, Tina goes investigating and while at the mall she finds Ray kissing another girl. She is upset and tells him she is over him and ends their relationship. Tina is rushed to the hospital and is about to give birth when her mother has a panic attack on how her daughter is going to have a baby. When Tina is in labor, Ray shows up at the hospital with his new girlfriend only to be turned away by Tina's father, telling him "sperm doesn't entitle you to much" and tells him to wait in the waiting room. After a grueling labor, Tina gives birth to a baby boy named Caleb.
tt0072424
Animation,Comedy,Family
Santa Claus comes down sick, and the doctor tells him he needs to stay home and not deliver presents this year. When Santa protests, the doctor says that no one even believes in him any more and it doesn't matter. Over Mrs. Claus' objections, Santa decides to cancel Christmas. Mrs. Claus considers putting on the red suit and delivering the presents herself, and calls two elves, Jingle and Jangle Bells, to help her. The elves don't see Mrs. Claus as a convincing replacement, and they move to Plan B: finding someone in the world who really cares about Santa. Jingle and Jangle take Vixen and head south. Santa accuses Mrs. Claus of being up to something, and she confesses to sending Jingle and Jangle on their errand. Santa, worried that they will not complete their mission, follows them on Dasher. Before he can reach them, Jingle and Jangle run into the Miser brothers, Snow Miser and Heat Miser. Vixen is able to escape with the elves safely. When they reach town, they are pulled over by a policeman, who writes them a ticket for riding a Vixen the wrong way on a one way street and wearing funny-looking suits on a Sunday. They disguise Vixen as a dog by putting socks over her antlers, but a cat chases her and the elves up a tree. Meanwhile, Santa interviews the policeman, who is lacking in Christmas spirit. The elves discuss Christmas with some children, who all claim they don't care if Santa comes or not, and "believing in Santa Claus is for little kids." They don't notice the dogcatcher taking Vixen away. Later, Ignatius Thistlewhite, one of the children, is found by Santa. Using a false name, he visits the Thistlewhite home and Mrs. Thistlewhite gives him a hot drink to help with his sneezing. Ignatius (Iggy) asks if his father or Santa believe in Santa Claus, and they both respond in the affirmative. Iggy tells them that the elves' "dog" had been taken by the dog catcher, and Santa rushes to save her. Both Iggy and the elves resolve to visit the mayor to get Vixen back, but when the three of them meet with the Mayor, he is disbelieving. He then proposes a bargain: if they can make it snow in Southtown, he'll release Vixen and give Santa a national holiday. Santa gets a very sick Vixen released from the pound, and Dasher takes them both home to the cool air of the North Pole. The elves meet Mrs. Claus and Blitzen on a rooftop and they all go to visit Snow Miser to see if he would be willing to make it snow in Southtown. Snow Miser explains that Southtown is under the control of his brother Heat Miser and without his permission he can't do anything, so off they go to Heat Miser. Heat Miser has a grudge against Santa due to Santa's prejudice against warm weather, and refuses to allow the snow unless Snow Miser is willing to turn over control of the North Pole. They call Snow Miser on the hot line, but the brothers refuse to bargain. Mrs. Claus makes an ultimatum: if they cannot come to an agreement, she will go to see the Miser brothers' mother, Mother Nature. Mother Nature calls the brothers to her and brokers a compromise: one spring day at the North Pole in exchange for a snowstorm in Southtown. Santa brings Vixen back to the North Pole and puts her in his own bed. He falls asleep in his chair. The mayor of Southtown gets a call from his wife reminding him to wear his galoshes - snow is falling in Southtown. Children around the world decide that not only are they giving Santa a holiday, but they will send him presents as well. If they don't have anything to send, they write letters. One such letter from a little girl tells Santa that she'll have a blue Christmas without him. Finally convinced that goodness still exists in the world, Santa decides that he will deliver the presents after all.
tt0084314
Drama,Fantasy
Young Robbie Wheeling (Tom Hanks) plays the Mazes and Monsters game with his friends. They're everything to him; a refuge from his family and the heartbreaks of reality. One day, as he and his friends undertake their first live-action roleplay, Robbie's mind snaps; in that instant, he takes on the simple personality of Pardue, his cleric character in the game. He vanishes, and Lieutenant Martini (Murray Hamilton) suspects foul play, whether accidental or intentional, on the part of his fellow players... until Robbie, in one brief moment of clarity, calls home from distant New York. Returned home, he returns to being Pardue, now safe in the arms of his friends and family, who pray he will someday return to normal.
tt1143143
Documentary,Comedy
Combining his amazing talent and his unorthodox sense of humor, Jeff Dunham returns, yet again, with an hilarious ventriloquist performance. Starting off with the infamously known Walter, scrutinizing every bit of today's American society. Followed by two new characters, Achmed the Dead Terrorist, who continuously threatens the crowd with Silence and Death, and Melvin the Superhero, who can stop a speeding bullet! ... only once... He wraps up the show with the adorable Peanut and an uncanny debate between him and Jose Jallapinio (on a Stick). Brilliantly written with an Outstanding performance.
tt1238834
Drama,Romance
The movie begins differently than the book. It begins with Heathcliff (Tom Hardy) having a nightmare which he seems to have had many times: something enters the house, and goes upstairs to the room where Heathcliff lies, and the voice of a woman - Cathy's (Charlotte Riley) - whispers urgently: let me in! At that moment he wakes startled. The scene changes and shows a great landhouse, where a boy is let out by his uncle, the landlord Edgar Linton (Andrew Lincoln). He seems weak, because he has two men supporting him, and a bit frightened. It appears to be the cousin Linton (Tom Payne) of the landlord and his daughter Catherine (Rebecca Night), who has to go back home, though he doesn't seem to know it at all, asking about it on the way. When they arrive at Wuthering Heights they have a brutal and rude welcome, and the greeting between Edgar en Heathcliff is evenly hostile. Even for Linton, Heathcliff has no pity, calling him 'it', saying that he looks worse than he expected, and that his mother was a wicked slut. When Linton is dragged inside, he screams at his uncle not to leave him there. Edgar threatens Heathcliff best to be kind to his son, and Heathcliff assures him not so very convincing that he will be very kind to the boy. Edgar's daughter, Catherine, is very angry at her father for sending Linton back, asking if he's far away and why he couldn't stay. She finally had a friend, and he has been taken from her, for which she can't forgive her father. Six months later, we see Edgar again in a graveyard, laying flowers on the grave of his wife, murmuring 'oh Cathy'. At the same time, at his house, his daughter Catherine receives a gift from her nanny for her birthday. It's a book, that once was her mothers. A bit disappointed Catherine asks if her father is at the church. She needs no answer, and asks her nanny - Nelly (Sarah Lancashire) - why his sadness over her mothers death always wear on his happiness that she was born. To cheer her up Nelly asks what she would want to do, and Catherine insist on going outside, to one of her favourite places. Nelly agrees reluctantly, and warns her that they will have to be back within the hour. Outside, they have had a long walk and Nelly calls to Catherine that they must go back, but Catherine keeps on going, insisting 'just a little further'. She's climbing on some rocks when she meets Heathcliff, who recognises her and seem to know a lot of her, though she doesn't know him. He invites her to Wuthering Heights to see 'his son who will explain everything'. Nelly is just in time to see them riding away, Catherine on the back of the horse Heathcliff is riding. At Wuthering Heights Catherine recognizes the son of Heathcliff as her cousin Linton, concluding that Heathcliff must be her uncle. Another young man lets Nelly in, who leaps up to Catherine saying that she shouldn't have come there. Catherine doesn't understand and is even more confused when Heathcliff tells here that Nelly had lived at Wuthering Heights, raising her mother and him. He suggests to Linton to show Catherine the stables, but he is too weak, and Hareton (Andrew Hawley) takes the job. Outside Catherine discovers that Hareton can't read, and mistakes him for a servant, at which Hareton walks away angrily. Linton, who has joined them, explains that he's not a servant but her cousin too. Inside Nelly asks Heathcliff if this is how he takes his revenge out on 'the next generation', at which Heathcliff seemingly innocent replies that he just wants for Catherine and Linton to get to know eachother. At home, Edgar warns Catherine to stay away from Wuthering Heights and the family, but she once again doesn't understand why, and walks away. Edgar begins to cough, seeming very ill, but when Nelly tells him that he has to rest, he replies that he cannot abandon Catherine to Heathcliff. But the next morning Catherine is already back at Wuthering Heights, and excited tries to figure out which chamber is Linton's. He calls to her not to do it, but she's already upstairs. When she enters a room, she finds out it was her mothers, with her and Heathcliff's name all over the walls and a portrait of her hanging on the wall. When Linton catches up with her, he explains that Heathcliff and Cathy had loved eachother, before Edgar did. Upset she calls him a liar and wants to leave the house, but all the doors are locked. Linton cries out that he is going to die, while he's just 18, and that's the reason why Heathcliff wants them to be married as soon as they can: he made Linton change his will, so that Heathcliff will have Wuthering Heigts and Edgar's estate when he dies. Catherine is in a fury and when Heathcliff enters the room she demands to be freed. But Heathcliff tells her coldly that by this time the next day he will be her father, so she better learns to obey him.That night, Heathcliff goes to the graveyard and unearths the grave of Cathy, lying by her corpse, muttering 'my love, come home!' In the same time, Nelly arrives at Wuthering Heights to tell Catherine that her father is dying. Catherine wants desperatly to go home, but Hareton closes the door demonstratively. When Heathcliff comes back the following morning, he sees Catherine at the window and is reminded at the times her mother stood there. We get a flash back of how Heathcliff is adopted by the father of Hindley and Cathy, but there is a lot of gossip about it. Hindley looks down on Heathcliff, seeing him as a threat, and mistreats him, though Cathy tries to defend him. When a fight goes out of hand, Hindley and Heathcliff are called in the office of their father, where Cathy confesses Heathcliff was offended by the other boys. Her father sends her and Heathcliff out, and tells Hinley that he will have to go to school. Hindley goes away, very angry at his father, and warns Cathy to stay away from Heathcliff. But she and Heathcliff become great, even inseperable friends and through the years eventually lovers. But still the people look down on Heathcliff and call him gipsy boy. When their father dies, Hindley returns as heir to the estate, and is determined to show Heathcliff his place, which is among the servants according to him. Although Heathcliff tries to fight back, sometimes even with a little help from Nelly, Hindley keeps on humiliating him. When Cathy by chance meets Edgar Linton, a gentleman with a good name, Hindley is enormous pleased, hoping they will fall in love with eachother. Heathcliff on the other hand is very jaleous, and refuses to see Cathy when she comes back to Wuthering Heights, looking as a young lady, saying he once knew someone who looked like her. To prove her love Cathy has to run away with him, as they had planned, but she refuses, saying she's scared. Heathcliff gets angry, saying that his love for her was the only thing that kept him there, and asking to at least release him if she is indifferent, which she is not. After her brother humiliates him even more in front of the visiting Edgar Linton, Cathy gives herself even more to Heathcliff to prove her love. But when Hinley's wife dies while giving birth to a son, Heathcliff is delighted, saying that Hinley has now lost the only one who loved him. Cathy is shocked by his words, saying that sometimes it seems as if hatred is his true passion, rather than love. From that moment on, Hinley starts to drink, and Cathy goes almost every evening to the Lintons. Heathcliff is furious, saying that he will let her suffer for finding him not worthy enough for her. When Edgar Linton comes to visit, he proposes to Cathy, and she is reluctant to refuse him on Heathcliff's behalf, which Heathcliff discovers. But when she talks to Nelly that evening, she realises she cannot be parted from Heathcliff, because he's like a part of her. But before she can tell him, Heathcliff sets off in anger, not to return for 3 years. On the day Cathy finally marries Edgar, she receives a note, which she knows is from Heathcliff, that says 'I know you have betrayed me'. The next scene, Heathcliff finds Hinley drunk in a bar, while he's been cheated upon by his fellow players. He declares himself the landlord of an estate that once was Hinley's, but has been sold due to his depts. Heathcliff pushes Hinley from the bank, taking his place among the players. Back at the Linton's house, Cathy and Edgar prepare themselves for their wedding night, but Cathy is reluctant, saying she feels feverish. As a real gentleman Edgar suggests he'll sleep on the cough, which she gladly accepts. Back at the bar, Heathcliff shares what he has won with his playmates and gives a vast amount of it to the boy who has deliverd his letter. He takes up Hinley and dragges him by the back of his shirt out of the bar. In Wuthering Heights he doesn't exactly receives a warm welcome, but isn't bothered by it either. The following day he visits Edgar and Cathy. She is really thrilled to see him, and insists that Edgar and Heathcliff must be friends. But the rude behavior of Heathcliff makes this impossible, although Edgar's sister, Isabella (Rosalind Halstead), enjoys his company. Three weaks pass, before Cathy comes to visit Heathcliff. At first they are thrilled to see eachother again, but when Heathcliff sees the guilt in her eyes he guesses that she has given herself to Edgar and is disgusted. Cathy runs away crying. At Wuthering Heights, Heathcliff steals away even more land from Hinley by tempting him into more gambling. One of the servants asks him if he hasn't humiliated Hinley enough, on which Heathcliff declares he's a good man, but he himself has forgotten how to be one after he met Hinley. At Edgar's estate, there's a quarrel between Cathy and her sister-in-law Isabella, the first hoping he won't come back, the second he will. But when Heathcliff eventually comes, it is Cathy who is thrilled as always that he's back. But Heathcliff only wants to see Isabella, declaring that if Cathy thinks he is to be consolted by sweet words she's an idiot. Cathy becomes angry and indeed bring him to Isabella, but is quite rude when she introduces one another. When Isabella runs away ashamed and hurt, Heathcliff tells her she had no right to tread Isabella like that, and leaves. Isabella and Heathcliff meet again, and Heathcliff tells her that there are only a few who saw good in him, and for that, he is willing to try and love Isabella. When they arrive at Edgar's estate, Cathy is furious and almost in tears, screaming that he should let Isabella alone, on which Isabella declares that 'she loves Heathcliff more than Cathy ever loved Edgar, en Heathcliff might love her if Cathy would let him'. Cathy tells her that he might just marry Isabella just to hurt her, but Isabella refuses to believe that and walks away. When Cathy and Heathcliff argue about the matter, Edgar comes in, and there's a fight between him and Heathcliff, that Cathy can barely stop. Edgar threatens to throw her out of the house if she insists on still being friends with Heathcliff, at which Cathy tells him she is with child. Isabelle goes that night to Heathcliff to tell him that Cathy is pregnant from Edgar, and they ran away together to get married. When Edgar hears the news, he declares that Isabella is no longer his sister. But when Cathy hears of it, she's heartbroken. She weakens every day because she refuses to eat or to drink, and in the end she's very fragile. Heathcliff comes to the conclusion that he cannot love Isabella, and they return to Wuthering Heights, to find Hinley ever so drunk and aiming with his weapon at Isabella, asking if Heathcliff has returned. He warns her that Heathcliff has to shut his door when he sleeps, because if Hinley will find it open once, Heathcliff wil be dead. Shocked, Isabella leaves the room, but when she arrives at Heathcliff's - who still wants to sleep in Cathy's old room - he tells her that she'll sleep in another room, away from him. The next day Heathcliff wants to see Cathy, but Nelly refuses, arguing she's too weak, even dying. Although Nelly lies about her meeting with Heathcliff, Cathy still seems to sense him close. She says she knows he's back. That night, when Nelly has fallen asleep, Cathy walks into the night, while it is raining hard, calling for Heathcliff. Heathcliff, who seems to sense her nearby, goes out and searches for her. When he finally finds her, she lies on the ground, with only her nightcloth on, soaked by the rain. He takes her out of the rain, under a rock, and they share a last, intimate moment with eachother. Then he hears the men from Edgar calling after Cathy, and shouts back that he has found her. After that night, Cathy is even weaker, having a pneumonia from her night in the rain, and it looks like she even doesn't want to recover. At Wuthering Heights, Heathcliff is threatened by Hinley with his gun. Again the humiliations and insults rain down upon Heathcliff, who only responds with the message that Cathy is dying. But Hinley spits out that Heathcliff's love and grieve for his sister can only be a pretense, on which Heathcliff grabs him and takes all his anger and grief out on him. Isabella and the housekeeper can hardly prevent him from strangling Hinley. Isabella then asks Heathcliff for permission to leave, because she now realises it's better to be hated then to be loved by Heathcliff, for his love is so murdurous. Heathcliff screams at her she has to be gone. At Edgar's estate, when Edgar is away to the church, Heathcliff can steal a moment with Cathy, and she begs him to stay with her. On his way, Edgar meets his sister Isabella, but refuses to take her back in, although she tells him she is pregnant. When he comes home, he finds Heathcliff with his wife in his hands. Heatfcliff leaves, but waits outside to have a chance to get back in. But Cathy is so sick Edgar doesn't leave for a moment, and calls the doctor.That night, Cathy dies, giving birth to her daughter Catherine. Lost in grieve, Heathcliff curses her to have no rest as long as he is living. He has one last moment with her, as she lays dead in her coffin before the funeral. That's when he takes her necklace in the shape of a heart. Back to the present, Heathcliff plays with the necklace, while Catherine and Linton come out of the church, apparantly married. He gives the necklace to Catherine, but she immediately runs off to see her dying father. At his dying bed she begs Edgar for forgiveness, but he doesn't blame her at all. He just wants to know if she'll be happy, and for her fathers sake she tells him that Heathcliff will let hem live there and fill the house with children and laughter. Now Edgar can die happily, and he leaves them, just on the moment Heathcliff comes to fetch 'his daughter'. At Wuthering Heights, Catherine has - after just seeing her father die - to take care of her dying husband. Hareton tries to help and distract her as much as he can, but Heathcliff doesn't approve. Cathy gets angry at Hareton for not standing up against Heathcliff, who walks away angrily, telling her that he has taken enough beatings of her part. Confused, Catherine asks Nelly why Hareton defends Heathcliff, at which she answers they are attached by ties stronger than reason can break. That night, Heathcliff dreams again of Cathy, and is awakened by Catherine, who tells him his son, Linton, has died. It is a sober funeral, but on the way back, Catherine asks Hareton right before Heatcliff's eyes to forgive him for the words she's said, and he does. The next day Hareton picks some flowers for Catherine, finding her upstairs, in Cathy's room. He warns her they will be punished if Heathcliff finds them there, but still sits with Catherine as she shows him the books of her mother, and how much she must have loved Heathcliff. At that moment, Heathcliff himself comes in, shouting at them because they are in that room. When he threatens and offends Catherine, she says Hareton will strike him back, and finally, Hareton indeed does stand up against Heathcliff. When the later sees the portret of Cathy, he seems to calm down, and asks them to leave the room. That evening, Hareton and Heathcliff talk, Hareton accusing Heathcliff from misleading him. Another day, Heathcliff finds Hareton and Catherine together, teasing and tempting eachother. When he sees that the book they are reading was Cathy's favourite, he leaves them alone. He goes out walking, like he did so many times before with Cathy, and when he returnes, it's like he sees her spirit, waiting for him. The next thing Catherine and Hareton hear, is a hard noise, and when they force open the door to Cathy's room, they find Heathcliff who has shot himself. The last scene we see, is from Catherine and Hareton, who have emptied the house of Wuthering Heights, and bringing the furniture to a new home, together, while in a window of Cathy's room, two figures seem to see them leaving.
tt0075296
Biography,Drama
The film begins with Sybil as a young woman working as a substitute teacher in New York City, she experience blackouts, memory lapses and disturbing imagery (memories). Sibyl decides to seek medical intervention after putting her hand through a window in her apartment while experiencing one of her episodes. It is here that she meets Dr. Wilbur who is called in for a neurological consult. Dr. Wilbur takes an interest in Sybil and finds out from her that she has been having these episodes for as long as she can remember. Dr. Wilbur then explains to Sybil that she is suffering from a kind of hysteria that causes her to black out under conditions of fear. Dr. Wilber then offers to take Sybil on as a patient. The next scene shows Sybil discussing the possibility of seeking medical care for her moodiness with her father who is very skeptical, and mentions how their church feels about the practitioners of the mind. Sybil then loses her job. She phones Dr. Wilbur at 3 a.m., as Vicky, as Sybil is contemplating jumping out of a hotel room window several stories up. There is shown a flashback to Sybils childhood to a traumatic scene when she had her tonsils removed. It is in this scene that Dr. Wilbur discovers the multiple personalities that reside within Sybil. Dr. Wilbur is shown speaking with another psychotherapist, apparently her mentor, who warns her not to fall in love with the patients illness, as this may contribute to more suggestible symptoms. As the film progresses, many of Sybils different personalities are showcased as telling things about one another and Sybil, telling things that Sybil cannot discuss on her own. After dissecting the stories that each personality is telling to Dr. Wilbur, Dr. Wilbur decides that it was some sort of traumatic childhood event that has caused Sybils personality to shatter. By this time Sybil is becoming friends with a male neighbor, Richard a young widower with a small son, who seems to be very taken with her. Sybil continues to undergo therapy with Dr. Wilbur and continues to exhibit her personalities, changing personalities at times of stress. Dr. Wilbur attempts to explain to Sybil that she was traumatized during childhood causing her personality to split into many childlike personalities; Sybil does not want to accept this explanation for what is happening to her. Upon hearing herself imitate her own mother, she disassociates into a baby. Sybil continues to see Richard and their relationship progresses, on Christmas Eve Sybil agrees to let Richard stay the night, he agrees that he will only hold her close. Sybil has a nightmare in which she is being pursued by a decapitated cat and ends up climbing to the top of her bookcase, waking Richard. It is at this time she discloses to Richard that she is seeing a Dr. Wilbur. He guesses that Dr. Wilbur is a psychiatrist and runs to the nearest payphone and calls information to get Dr. Wilburs phone number. He calls Dr. Wilbur, who is at a dinner party; Dr. Wilbur breaches patient/client confidentiality and discloses to Richard that Sybil suffers from multiple personality. Sybil then climbs to the roof of the building and Richard asks Dr. Wilbur to come right away. Upon her arrival, Dr. Wilbur finds Richard holding Sybil who had just made an attempt to jump off the roof of the building. While under the effects of the medication Sybil discloses that she does not want to see Richard anymore until she gets herself together, as she is falling in love with him. Richard hears this and moves out of his apartment. Fast forward a few months, Sybil is in Dr. Wilburs office, she denies that she has multiple personality, she states that she had been putting on an act all along and that her mother never abused her. Dr. Wilbur is not sure she believes Sybil, but thinks this may be the beginning of her healing in that the personalities are coming together as one. Dr. Wilbur decides to take an investigatory trip to Chicago to speak to Sibyls father, and then to Sybils hometown in Wisconsin and visits Sibyls pediatrician. The pediatrician remembers Sybil well, and her nervous mother, and shares his records with Dr. Wilbur. The medical records are indicative of the abuse that Sibyl had described. The film ends with Dr. Wilber taking Sybil on a picnic in a secluded area, encouraging her to paint, when she cannot paint, Dr. Wilbur performs hypnosis on Sybil, it is then that Sybil meets the rest of her personalities and they become one.
tt1278469
Biography,Drama
A young, autistic woman sees the world like no other, taking snapshots of the world in her mind, and recalling them without thought. She substitutes human contact for a life of caring for animals, developing humane methods of taking care of livestock destined for the slaughterhouse. Her peculiar communication skills and intelligence shed new light on pre-conceived norms of autism. Misunderstood her entire life, by her peers, her parents, and her teachers, she manages to teach them all new lessons in life. She excels at all levels of school, and eventually becomes a college valedictorian, and even manages to earn her doctorate. Her 'squeeze' machine, hugs her giving her comfort and the love that she is incapable of receiving from human contact. Despite challenges from everyone she meets, she overcomes their fear and loathing of her, and wins them over, throughout her difficult life. She goes on to change an industry - fighting the man's world of the cattle industry as she creates new and humane ways for dealing with cattle, treating them with respect and even saving the cattle industry money.
tt0991178
Action,Drama,Sci-Fi
Battlestar Galactica: Razor (2007) tells the story of the first mission of Lee 'Apollo' Adama (Jamie Bamber) as commander of the battlestar Pegasus. Flashbacks interleaved with the main story show what happened to Pegasus during and after the Cylon attack on the Twelve Colonies, as well as some events at the end of the First Cylon War. The main story and most of the flashbacks focus on Lt. Kendra Shaw (Stephany Jacobsen), who joins Pegasus as aide to Adm. Helena Cain (Michelle Forbes) just before the Cylons strike. We first see Shaw in the main storyline, working in the galley and using drugs; she's out of uniform and looks like a grunt, so it's a surprise to hear Apollo address her as 'Lieutenant.' Calling her Cain's legacy, Apollo makes Shaw his executive officer, with a promotion to major. This is a risky move given the black marks in Shaw's record resulting from run-ins with Cain's immediate successors, Fisk (Graham Beckel) and Garner (John Heard). Shaw tells Apollo that Fisk and Garner were unworthy of her respect and shows little respect for Apollo himself, sneering that he hasn't earned his command--his daddy just gave him the keys to the battlestar. In flashback, Shaw experiences Cain's brutality at first hand, initially in small ways: Cain belittles her for having trouble finding her way to the battlestar's CIC (bridge), accuses her of having her influential mother pull strings to get this new assignment, and when Shaw replies that her mother has died, warns Shaw never again to play for sympathy. Shaw gets a first glimmer of respect from Cain by staying at her post in the CIC for two solid days after the Cylon attack--though the admiral can't refrain from making her exhausted subordinate button her jacket. Soon after the attack, Shaw meets and befriends Gina Inviere (Tricia Helfer), a civilian systems specialist who is on board to help refit the Pegasus computer networks. Shaw is surprised to learn that Gina is romantically involved with Cain; as she remarks to Gina, Cain seems entirely self-sufficient. Gina replies that everyone has needs--"we're all human." This line is aimed at viewers familiar with the Battlestar Galactica (2004) television series, who will recognize Gina as a Cylon model Six. Pegasus attacks what at first seems to be a small group of Cylon ships guarding a communications relay; when it turns out to be a huge force, the officers' instinct is to back off. Cain orders an all-out assault that may prove suicidal and her executive officer Belzen (Steve Bacic)--who is the closest thing she has to a friend among her officers--refuses; Cain kills him with his own sidearm and appoints Col. Fisk as XO in his place. (In the season 2 episode 'Pegasus,' Fisk tells this story to Col. Tigh.) Some Cylons manage to board Pegasus and Cain sends Shaw after them. Shaw meets Gina and sends her to the CIC, where she'll be safe. Shortly thereafter she sees a Cylon Centurion, followed by a Number Six, which Shaw kills. Realizing that Gina must be a human-form Cylon, Shaw races back to the CIC in time to arrest her before she can take over the ship. Cain locks Gina--her erstwhile lover--in the brig and assigns Lt. Thorne (Fulvio Cecere) to interrogate her. She instructs him to use pain, humiliation, and fear to extract information. Shaw is promoted to captain for her role in exposing and capturing Gina, though she confesses that she unwittingly helped the Cylons by giving Gina access codes. Cain is surprisingly forgiving, presumably because Gina had won Cain's trust as well. Pegasus encounters a small convoy of civilian ships led by the Scylla. Cain sends officers and marines to each of the ships carrying demands that vital personnel and equipment--including faster-than-light (FTL) drives--be transferred to Pegasus. Without its FTL drives, the convoy will be dead in the water, unable to reach any refuge or flee any attack. Fisk, Shaw, and their detachment of marines are sent to the Scylla, whose crew and passengers object vehemently to Cain's demands. When Fisk communicates their objections to Cain, she tells him to shoot the family of anyone on the conscription list who refuses to cooperate. This leads to even greater agitation aboard Scylla; seeing that the passengers are on the verge of violence, Shaw opens fire on the crowd and kills a woman. The marines kill nine others before the passengers are subdued. Having stripped the convoy, Pegasus abandons it to pursue the Cylons. Additional flashbacks show events at the very end of the First Cylon War, forty-odd years before the events of the main story. In one flashback, Helena Cain is a child (Kyra Scott) whose home is under attack by the Cylons. Her father, injured, tells her to take her younger sister Lucy (Chandra Berg) and run. The girls don't get far before Lucy becomes trapped in some rubble. Unable to free her, Helena flees from the oncoming Cylon Centurions; from her hiding-place, she listens as Lucy's cries are cut off. A Centurion finds Helena but apparently receives the order to cease fire before it can kill her. It's here that Helena picks up the wooden-handled pocket knife the film uses to illustrate the razor metaphor. In the other flashback to the First Cylon War, William 'Husker' Adama is a young Viper pilot (Nico Cortez). He ejects from his damaged Viper over a planet and discovers that the Cylons have been conducting horrific experiments on human captives. He encounters the first Cylon Hybrid (Campbell Lane). Adama tries to free the remaining captives but is forced to abandon them when an earthquake threatens to bring the building down on him. When he gets out, he sees a basestar flying away and learns that the war is over. From these similar experiences, Cain and Adama draw different lessons on how the military should deal with civilians in time of war. Cain apparently views her own survival to fight another day as a worthy return for Lucy's sacrifice; she attempts to banish human feeling and make herself simply a tool--like a razor, she says, fiddling with her pocket knife--but a tool of war. When Cain tells Shaw that sometimes you have to leave people behind in war, Shaw is remembering the civilians of the Scylla and its raped convoy, but Cain must be thinking of Lucy. Adama's lesson is about protecting civilians rather than bringing destruction to the enemy at all costs. He notes that his conclusion, which he discusses with Apollo, was influenced by Col. Tigh (Michael Hogan), by the advocacy of President Laura Roslin (Mary McDonnell) for her people, and even more by Adama's need to be able to look his son in the eye. Even so, he won't condemn Cain's actions, even in the case of the the Scylla's convoy. In the present, Adm. Adama sends Apollo and Pegasus to retrieve a missing scientific expedition. Pegasus is attacked by Cylon Raiders, one of which follows a Viper piloted by Kara 'Starbuck' Thrace (Katee Sackhoff) into the landing bay before being disabled. (Starbuck is angry with Shaw for putting her at risk by ordering Pegasus's batteries to fire at the Raiders while Starbuck and another Viper were engaged with them, but Shaw rejects the criticism on the grounds that her priority was to protect Pegasus.) The captured Raider and its Centurions prove to be of an old design from the time of the First Cylon War, which is puzzling. Sharon Valerii (Grace Park) remembers a story about a group of old-model Centurions who guard the first Hybrid; Adama realizes that this is the same group of Cylons he discovered at the end of the last war, and they may be using the missing science team for the same kind of experiments. He transfers his flag to Pegasus so he can oversee the search and rescue mission, though Apollo remains in command of the ship. Using data from the captured Raider, the science team is traced to a Cylon basestar. Shaw devises a plan to get a rescue team--Shaw herself, Starbuck, and three others--into the basestar while Pegasus draws the Cylons' fire. The rescue team's Raptor is attacked by Raiders, as they expected it would be, so they abandon it, completing their journey to the basestar using jet packs. They find the science team, who aren't in very good shape; as Adama feared, the Cylons have mutilated them. Then things start to go bad: they're attacked by Centurions, who damage the detonation timer on the team's nuke (with which they intend to destroy the basestar after they leave). The Centurions also capture Dasilva (Andrew Dunbar), one of the team's marines. Shaw, realizing that Dasilva will probably be mutilated as the science team was, shoots and kills him as the Centurions drag him away. At this point the rescue team loses contact with Pegasus. Apollo, fearing that they have been captured, orders a nuclear strike against the basestar, but his father countermands the order. When contact is regained, Apollo tells the team that another Raptor is on the way to pick them up, but someone has to stay behind to detonate the nuke and destroy the basestar. He orders Starbuck to do it, but Shaw, who has been wounded, forces Starbuck into the Raptor at gunpoint and takes the nuke back into the basestar herself. Shaw makes her way to the first Hybrid, whose voice has been audible--speaking more coherently than the later-model Hybrid familiar to viewers of season 3--on several occasions during the rescue. The Hybrid makes some oracular pronouncements about the final five Cylons and repeats a line, apparently from scripture, that it quoted to young William Adama 40 years before: "All of this has happened before and will happen again." It calls Shaw by name and tells her to approach if she wants to be forgiven. The Hybrid warns Shaw that Kara Thrace will lead the human race to its destruction and they must not follow her. Shaw is unable to pass this information back to Pegasus because the Cylons are jamming her communications. She sets off the bomb, destroying herself, the Hybrid, and the basestar. In the aftermath, Apollo and Adm. Adama discuss Starbuck's suggestion of a posthumous commendation for Shaw. In light of the Scylla incident Apollo doubts that she deserves it, but no decision is reached. Adama mentions that he's been reviewing Cain's logs and can't find much fault with her actions. He notes that history will judge them all, but the first draft of history will appear in their own logs; they adjourn to work on them. Apollo runs into Starbuck in the corridor and she tells him she's resigning as CAG to return to Galactica, joking that he's apparently trying to get her killed and she has a destiny to fulfill.
tt0168122
Biography,Drama,History
Partially based on the book "Fire in the Valley: The Making of the Personal Computer" written by Paul Feiberger and Michael Swaine, the director Martyn Burke jump cuts through key moments in time for the two companies in telling the tale of Apple's rise, Steve Jobs' business relationship with Bill Gates, the schism between Jobs and Steve Wozniak, and Apple's fall as Gates out pirates the pirates, and leads Microsoft to dominate the computer industry. From the very beginning of the movie you are given the core of Steve Jobs' (played by Noah Wyle) personality. The open lines are him speaking to the camera and saying, "I don't want you to think of this as just a film - some process of converting electrons and magnetic impulses into shapes and figures and sounds - no. Listen to me. We're here to make a dent in the universe. Otherwise, why even be here? We're creating a completely new consciousness, like an artist or a poet. We're rewriting the history of human thought with what we're doing. That's how you have to think of this." His best friend, Steve "the Woz" Wozniak (played by Joey Slotnick), follows this with a narration describing how everything Steve Jobs ever did was something "between a religious experience and some sort of crusade." Both the opening lines and the narration are spoken over the back drop of the filming of Apples 1984 Super Bowl commercial. A commercial that was legendary even before it was aired, and set the standard for all other Super Bowl commercials. Directed by Ridley Scott, newly famous for directing Blade Runner, this commercial introduced Apple's Macintosh computer and, though it has never run again since that Super Bowl spot, few commercials have ever been more influential. It was even named the 1980s' Commercial of the Decade by Advertising Age magazine. The filming of the commercial fades to the actual ad as it opens on a gray network of futuristic tubes connecting non-descript oppressive buildings. Inside the tubes, we see the greyed-out downtrodden masses marching into an auditorium, where they bow before a Big Brother figure preaching from a giant TV screen. Then, from the back of the auditorium, one lone woman, the only object with any color, races down a hallway chased by storm troopers. She runs up to the screen, hurls a hammer and shatters the TV image. The screen explodes and everything flashes to white. The movie then transitions to a stage thirteen years later, where Steve Jobs is just announcing "the business deal that will turn Apple around," to a gathered audience, and introduces the other protagonist in the movie, Bill Gates who is currently being projected, via live feed, to a screen looming over the audience, in a very Big Brother manner, a not-so-subtle portent for events in the movie. The scene cuts to the University of Berkley campus, 1971, amidst a tear gas and students rioting, a young Jobs and Wozniak dash to safety. Once away from the crowd Jobs scornfully says, "Those guys think they're revolutionaries. They're not revolutionaries, we are." Wozniak resumes his narration, relaying that Jobs was never like, "you or me, he always saw things differently, he saw the meaning of the universe." Jobs and Woz's first entrepreneurial scheme was the development and selling of "Blue Boxes", one of the earliest phone line crackers that allowed anybody to call anywhere for free. After almost getting busted Woz decided to try building something that wouldn't land them in jail, a "computer". They have their first taste of fame as a reporter takes a picture of them when it catches on fire. Bill Gates' (played by Anthony Michael Hall) beginnings are just as unassuming. His story starts when he is a Harvard student more interested in poker than classes. However, for Bill and his friend Paul Allen (played by Josh Hopkins), there is one thing more important than poker or even Playboys, and that is, of course, computers. In following an ad in a trade magazine with some fast talking by Bill, and their collective genius, Bill and Paul are hired to start writing a program language for the new ALTAIR computer. At the 1976 Berkley campus, Homebrew Computer Club, Jobs and Woz unveil their latest computer. It is obvious that while it is Wozniak's genius that built the computer, it was Jobs' genius that sells it. During these scenes they reveal Steve Jobs' near obsessive desire to wipe out "the enemy", IBM. However, his dreams of guerrilla warfare victory over IBM, followed by world domination, is all but dashed by Wozniak as he divulges that because of a contract he signed with Hewlett-Packard, anything he invents, they can take. Fortunately the executives at the company do not have the vision of Steve, Woz, or even Bill as they pass on the "home computer" because, "This gadget is for ordinary people, what on earth would ordinary people want with computers?" While that was an initial victory for them, it seemed that bankers and business men had the same opinion and months went by as they were repeatedly turned down for a loan. However, Jobs was undaunted and persevered when venture capitalist Mike Markkula (played by Jeffery Nordling) offered the fledgling Apple Computers a quarter of a million dollars to do something (in Steve Jobs' words) "practically spiritual, about overthrowing a dead culture and dead gods." In Albuquerque, 1976, Bill and Paul had quit Harvard and Bill's fast talking at the computer company MITS (maker of the ALTAIR) earned them a signing bonus and a double in royalties for their BASIC programming language, with that, Microsoft is born. It is during these years in Albuquerque, fueled by his own manic personality that Bill does everything from having a midnight race with bulldozers, to racking up so many speeding tickets that he is arrested and jailed. Stepping away from his revolutionary counterculture style, Steve Jobs shocks his friends by changing into a business suit and shaving the last of his facial hair for the 1977 Computer Fair in San Francisco. Even more shocking to all of them was that Apple Computers Inc. was the star of the Fair. Drawn by belief that "there might be something going on in California," Bill Gates and Paul Allen attended the Fair, where Apple and Microsoft first meet, and, anti-climactically, Steve Jobs completely ignores Bill Gates. Jobs is too enamored with his sudden fame, and describes the experience as "insanely great", words that are used to describe him and his life repeatedly. Following the Computer Fair, sales of the Apple II brought Apple Computers to levels of attention, money, expansion and success that only Jobs could have predicted. However, while Woz seemed overwhelmed by the sudden success, Jobs took to it like a shark to water. Feeling justified in his obsession, there were few lines he wouldn't cross, from verbally abuse enthusiastic employees until they are mute with humiliation, to grilling a potential employee (with his bare feet casually resting on the conference table) about when the potential employee may or may not have lost his virginity, all in service of his grand vision and ego. Steve Jobs' level of self-obsession was put on display by his abject denial that girlfriend was pregnant by him, despite a positive paternity test, and dismissed her so she could go "play mommy". That callous vitriol made even more striking because he himself was orphaned and spent much of his adult life trying to find his real mother. Later on he tracked down his estranged-girlfriend demanding that she not name "their" daughter some weird name and they settled on Lisa. Not coincidently, he later named a series of computers Lisa, but it wasn't until over a decade later that he actually accepted Lisa has his flesh and blood. Bill Gates' own logic defying obsessive needs he revealed after he brought Steve Ballmer (played by John DiMaggio), an old Harvard friend, out to California. He lectured them, "You know how you survive? You make people need you. You survive because you make them need what you have. And then they have nowhere else to go." Declaring to (in mafia style) "keep your friends close, and your enemies closer," he takes Microsoft to go into business with IBM. He convinced the IBM executives that they needed what he had, an operating system, furthermore he told the execs that Microsoft would only license IBM the software, allowing Microsoft to retain ownership of it and could license it to other outfits. Astonishingly, Microsoft didn't even have an operating system at that time, and even more amazing, a deal the execs agreed to because "the profits are in the computers themselves, not this software stuff." And while the others marveled at Bill's brazen declaration, Gates said he knew it would work because, "IBM was successful, and success is a menace. It fools smart people into thinking they can't lose." Another omen for the future of Microsoft and Apple. Steve Jobs heralds in the next series of events by quoting Picasso, "Good artists copy, great artists steal." Xerox research engineers had developed the next evolution in computers, not only had they designed software that could display graphics on the computer screen, they had also invented the mouse. Unfortunately, these innovations were so completely distained by short-sighted Xerox executives that they invited Steve Jobs and his research engineers to the Xerox research center and all but handed Apple the next step in computers. Incorporated in the new Apple Lisa, this earned Apple an estimated $100 billion. Now it is time for the two to meet again, Bill Gates, repeating Picasso's quote (incorrectly attributing it to Van Gogh), took his team to the Apple Headquarters, and it is here that the rival obsessions clashed. Steve Jobs maintains the superiority of Apple because Microsoft lacked originality and culture, and his people echoing his line, "It is better to be a pirate, than be in the navy" (better to be a rebel than to be a part of the establishment). Bill then tries to convince Steve that Apple is economically vulnerable and that "Apple needed them, because Apple couldn't match Microsoft's diversity." Only for Steve to stay true to his cause saying, "You can't just have employees anymore. They gotta be into a crusade. It's like art, science, religion, all rolled into one." It was only by feeding into Steve's obsessive hatred of IBM that Bill was able to get the "in" he needed. Microsoft walked out with Apple's Macintosh system just as Apple had walked out with Xerox's system. Further cracks in Steve Jobs' management strategy caused greater rifts. To fuel internal competiveness he manipulated Apple employees into vicious "Mac vs All other Apple platforms, who's was better" rivalry. The strain of 90+ hour work weeks, and days of sleepless programing led to many employees rebelling against Jobs' verbal abuse, even to the point of assaulting him in one scene. By then Woz had had enough. Disturbed by Jobs' manipulations, he left the company he co-founded, and went on to teach computers to school children. Nevertheless, Jobs felt he was righteous and unstoppable, regardless of the pressure he put on everybody, his employees loved him for it, and he rewarded them for their loyalty. At this point Microsoft is desperately trying to cobble together the Windows operating system from pirated Macintosh software. Word of this eventually reached Jobs more than once, but no matter how angry or accusatory Steve became, Bill could always calmly explain away any such fears, weathering any of Steve's tirades meekly, placating Steve into, once again, believing that Microsoft was no threat, a level of manipulation that Steve Ballmer felt was where Bill Gates' true genius lay. Then again, Ballmer felt that Jobs' genius lay in making computers not a business, but a religion, and nothing scared him more. During the penultimate scene of the movie, Steve Jobs introduces an Apple T-shirt wearing Bill Gates as a part of the Apple family to an audience of Apple employees before giving them a sneak preview of the Apple 1984 commercial that was being filmed in the open scene. After the sneak preview, Steve was given concrete proof that Microsoft did replicated software from the Macintosh and when he confronted Bill with it, Gates famously replies with, "You and I are both like guys who had this rich neighbor - Xerox - who left the door open all the time. And you go sneakin' in to steal a TV set. Only when you get there, you realize that I got there first. I got the loot, Steve! And you're yellin'? "That's not fair. I wanted to try to steal it first." You're too late." The end of the movie relates the sad facts that Steve Jobs had disaffected so many of his former best friends that none of them wanted to toast him for his 30th birthday, in fact, three months later Steve Jobs was fired from the company he helped found. He was later re-hired in 1997 and became the architect of the second Apple Microsoft co-endeavor bringing the companies and the movie full circle.
tt2375255
Biography,Drama,Romance
.
tt0259127
Action,Adventure,Biography
In 400 A.D., a decadent and weakened Roman Empire nevertheless remains the greatest power on earth. But to the east a fierce new people has arisen, the Huns. An ancient prophecy tells of a great king who will unite the Huns and challenge Rome for control of the world. Young Attila (Rollo Weeks) grows up hearing his father King Mundzuk (Jolyon Baker) talk about future Hun conquest of "the western lands". After their tribe is massacred by another, 10-year-old Attila and his older brother Bleda are raised by their paternal uncle King Rua (Steven Berkoff). The soothsayer Galen (Pauline Lynch) tells Attila of her vision that he is the great king of the ancient prophecy. Years later the adult Attila (Gerard Butler) rides alongside Rua, and a trembling Rome still stands only because the Huns don't know how weak the Empire has become. To deal with the threat, Empress Dowager Placidia (Alice Krige) is forced to turn to former army general Flavius Aetius (Powers Boothe). He had once lived among the Huns, and knows Rua. Placidia had imprisoned Aetius for trying to depose her while she was regent for her son, the current incompetent Emperor Valentinian III (Reg Rogers). Now she releases Aetius, who is joyfully reunited with his daughter Lydia (Kate Steavenson Payne). Attila attacks a village inside Roman territory and brings home several captives, including the woman N'Kara (Simmone Jade McKinnon). Having seen no soldiers during the raid, he concludes that Rome is in fact defenseless and ripe for the taking. Rua, however, refuses to risk waking a sleeping lion. Galen encourages Attila to keep faith in her vision of the god of war. After a hard battle the god fell asleep and dropped his sword, which fell to earth. Whoever finds it will rule the world. While Bleda (Tommy Flanagan) is heir to the childless Rua's throne, Attila is in Galen's visions. Given first choice of Attila's Roman spoils, Bleda spitefully takes N'Kara. Galen urges Attila to be patient; his time will come. Under Hun tradition a woman doesn't belong to a man until she's borne him a child, so Galen also helps N'Kara avoid becoming pregnant by Bleda. The Huns continue making raids into Roman territory. Valentinian wants to strike back, but Aetius advises that shifting Rome's limited military forces to stop the Huns would invite a Visigoth attack. The Huns turned the Visigoths against the Empire in the first place, causing the split into the West ruled by Valentinian and the East ruled by Theodosius (Tim Curry). Rome must avoid fighting the Huns and the Visigoths at the same time. Aetius stages and then "foils" an assassination attempt on Valentinian, making it look like Placidia's doing to regain her former power as regent. The emperor agrees not to act against his mother right away. Aetius then visits Rua and tells him the Visigoths plan to attack both the Huns and Rome. Rua tells Aetius about Attila and Bleda's rivalry, and points out N'Kara among the people. Led by Aetius and Attila, the Romans and Huns soundly defeat the Visigoths in battle. After surrendering to his longtime enemy, Visigoth king Theodoric (Liam Cunningham) asks if "the girl is well". Aetius refuses to say anything about Lydia. Attila accompanies Aetius back to Rome, where Valentinian's sister Honoria (Kirsty Mitchell) loses no time successfully seducing the Hun. After several weeks in Rome, Attila receives the news that Rua is dead and returns home. Bleda is about to be crowned king when Attila challenges him to a duel. That night Galen admits to Attila that Bleda forced her to give him an undetectable poison for the contest. The next morning as the brothers shoot arrows at each other from horseback, Galen performs a magic ritual to transfer her strength to Attila while she absorbs the effects of his injuries. Attila thus survives being shot twice by poisoned arrows, and finally kills Bleda. Galen dies, and Attila claims the throne and N'Kara. Attila unites the various Hun tribes under his rule. N'Kara dies in childbirth. At Galen's grave Attila finds the fabled sword of the god of war. He proceeds to conquer other nations, including parts of the Eastern Roman Empire. Rome remains free, but if the Eastern capital of Constantinople falls then Rome will be the only target left. Aetius prepares to visit Constantinople and deal with the situation personally. Honoria is caught plotting against Valentinian, who sends her with Aetius to the East. Aetius tells Lydia that Honoria is being exiled. Attila's lieutenant Orestes (Andrew Pleavin) tells his king that the Huns are wondering why Attila doesn't attack Rome. Some believe it's because he's afraid of Aetius. In Constantinople a surprised Honoria is given to a convent. To break Attila's grip on the Eastern Empire, Theodosius has devised a plan to assassinate him. One of Theodosius' slave girls, Ildico (also Simmone Jade McKinnon), closely resembles the late N'Kara. Aetius offers to help her avenge the Huns' destruction of her village, and they slip into Attila's camp disguised as commoners. After Theodosius' assassin fails in his mission, Aetius' presence is discovered. Aetius declines Attila's offer to join him, and Attila declines Aetius' request for a peace treaty. Attila sees Ildico among his slaves. A romance blooms, and they are about to marry when a message arrives from Honoria. She offers to marry Attila if he'll rescue her from the convent, with half the Western Roman Empire as her dowry. Attila now has a perfect pretext to attack Rome. Theodosius gleefully sends Honoria home, and wishes Aetius the best of luck against the Huns. While Attila marches on Rome by way of Gaul, Aetius prepares to make a stand at the Roman-held Gallic city of Orleans. Placidia advises him to have a contingency plan in case the city falls. Aetius dismisses the idea of an alliance with the Visigoths, but Placidia knows that an unsuspecting Lydia is Theodoric's daughter. Attila captures Orleans, and Aetius asks Lydia to travel with him to Gaul. Valentinian is relaxing in a bath when Placidia brings in Honoria to beg her brother's forgiveness. After sending his sister back to prison, he confronts his mother about the assassination attempt. Mother and son then realize how Aetius has manipulated them. The Roman and Visigoth armies meet in Gaul. As expected, Theodoric wants his daughter back in exchange for allying with Rome. A last-ditch plea from Aetius fails, and he returns Lydia to the father he stole her from years ago. The Huns engage the Romans and Visigoths near the village of Chalons. When the Huns are about to win, a distraught Aetius declares he'll die there on the battlefield, and as his last action orders his lieutenant to kill Theodoric. The death of their king galvanizes the Visigoths into wresting victory from the jaws of defeat. Theodoric's son Thorismund (Mark Letheren), the new Visigoth king, then ends the alliance and heads home to defend his crown against his scheming brothers. But a stunned Attila, whose holy sword was shattered in the battle, decides to withdraw. Aetius returns to a hero's welcome in Rome. Attila marries Ildico, who takes her revenge by poisoning his drink on their wedding night. With Attila dead, Valentinian decides that Aetius is no longer needed and kills him. Without Attila, there was no one capable of uniting the nations outside Rome's borders. Without Aetius, there was no one capable of protecting Rome. Within a generation the Western Roman Empire fell, and the era later known as the Dark Ages began.
tt1000771
Drama,History
This movie will chronicle five weeks between the Nov. 7, 2000, presidential election between George W. Bush and Al Gore and the December Supreme Court ruling that upheld Florida's count and gave Bush the White House.
tt0758751
Biography,Drama
Edith "Big Edie" Ewing Bouvier Beale and her daughter Edith "Little Edie" Bouvier Beale were the aunt and first cousin of Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis. The two women lived together at Grey Gardens for decades with limited funds, resulting in squalor and almost total isolation. The house was designed by Joseph Greenleaf Thorpe in 1897, and purchased in 1923 by Phelan Beale and Edith Ewing Bouvier Beale. After Phelan left his wife, Edith Ewing Bouvier Beale and her daughter Edith Bouvier Beale lived there for decades more, over 50 years in total for each woman. The house was called Grey Gardens because of the color of the dunes, the cement garden walls, and the sea mist. In the fall of 1971 and throughout 1972, their house was flea-infested, inhabited by innumerable cats and raccoons, lacked running water, and was full of garbage and decay. Their living conditions were exposed as the result of an article in the National Enquirer and a cover story in New York Magazine after a series of inspections (which the Beales called "raids") by the Suffolk County Health Department. With the Beale women facing eviction and the razing of their home, in the summer of 1972 Jacqueline Onassis and her sister Lee Radziwill provided the necessary funds to stabilize and repair the dilapidated house so that it would meet Village codes. Albert and David Maysles became interested in their story and received permission to film a documentary about the women, which was released in 1976 to wide critical acclaim. Their cinema vérité technique left the women to tell their own stories. [D-Man2010]
tt1191113
Biography,Drama,Sport
Five high school cheerleaders dubbed the "Fab Five"-Brooke Tippit (Ashley Benson) who is co-captain of the squad, Jeri Blackburn (Jessica Heap), Lisa Toledo (Aimee Spring Fortier), Ashley (Stephanie Honoré), and Tabitha Doering (Ashlynn Ross) run amok and who are the mean girls of the school. Teachers, parents, and administrators fail to punish them for their unruly behavior, which includes repeatedly getting their coaches fired after disagreements or driving them to quit. These girls disregard school rules, drink alcohol, bully other students, and post suggestive pictures on the internet. After a new cheerleading coach Emma Carr (Jenna Dewan) arrives, the girls initially rebel against her but later become cooperative. Brooke becomes furious with Coach Carr when she assigns Meagan Harper, the most respected member of the squad, as co-captain because up until then, she had been the only captain. The Fab Five perform well at a pep rally, but after Ashley is kissed by Jeri's boyfriend, the other girls eject her from the group and later become the "Fab Four," although Ashley remains part of the squad. Carr tries to discipline the girls, which results in a change in attitude. The girls start bullying other pupils, including Cindy, Meagan's younger sister, and are suspended from the team. The Fab Four get drunk and are caught trying to leave the campus by a guard and the principal. The girls tell the school's Vice Principal they were tired after a test and wanted to sleep. The security guard then tells Carr about the incident, and she confronts the principal and superintendent, who give excuses for not punishing the girls. Carr insists the principal punishes them, so the principal threatens to dissolve the team. Defiant, Carr punishes the whole squad by continually canceling practices and kicking Jeri off the squad. At next practice session, Carr hands each of the girls an eraser for a "fresh" start, but only Tabitha accepts. As revenge for Jeri's ejection, the girls show the superintendent a picture of Carr hugging another teacher at the school and say the two have been having an affair. At the discipline meeting for Jeri, Carr is repeatedly accused of flirting and not formally punishing the girls. At the next practice session, the "Fab Four" struggle to perform the liberty stunt, but Carr inspires them to learn it. Carr finds Lisa has cheated on a test. After penalizing her, Lisa yells at Carr and storms out. Lisa then tells her father that Carr was bullying her. Carr then accidentally resigns and sends an email to the cheerleaders apologizing for it. She visits the school and is fired by the principal. The girls confront Carr as she prepares to leave the school. She hears about a reporter who is researching "cheerleaders gone wild" and gives an interview about the ongoing events at Jackson High School. The school investigates, and the "Fab Four" enjoy the attention and lie to the reporter about their treatment. Carr discovers the reporter's true agenda, tells him what happened, leaves angrily, and bumps into Brooke. Carr simply asks her if she thinks the University of Southern California will accept her as a student after all the negative publicity of what has happened. The investigator reports that the allegations against the "Fab Four" and administrators are true and that Carr is innocent. He blames the principal for the problem and Carr losing her job. Lorraine and the assistant principal are suspended from their jobs. Brooke is pulled from the school by her mother, and the rest of the "Fab Four" are no longer allowed to cheer. Brooke and her mother leave followed by cameras, Brooke waves, and Carr is despondent. However, Carr doesn't get her job back from the school. Four months later, Carr watches the girls at a cheer competition and is welcomed with praise and hugs, including Ashley, who she exchanges smiles with. The new cheerleaders compete, and Carr discovers Cindy had written an essay about her, discussing how she stood up to the administration and stopped Brooke and the Fab Three from terrorizing their school, revealing that Carr did change things after all. The girls compete and perform the stunt they struggled with earlier, leaving Carr feeling proud and worthy.
tt1094661
Biography,Drama
COCO CHANEL begins with the fashion icon (deftly played by Shirley MacLaine) in her twilight years, steeped in wealth and fame, still issuing game-changing designs and collections. From here the biopic looks backwards to the womans upbringing ... Full Descriptionin an orphanage, and traces her path to ubiquity as it winds through poverty, wars, doomed romances, and rather glamorous betrayals. [D-Man2010] "Coco Chanel" is the rags-to-riches tale charting the rise of one of the most influential fashion icons of the 20th century. From her humble childhood in a French orphanage, through her early days as a young dressmaker's assistant, to her passionate and tragic love with a dashing Englishman, and ultimately to her success as a pioneering icon, "Coco Chanel" is the story of a glamorous woman who was hard to love and harder to ignore. This epic true story stars Shirley MacLaine, Malcolm McDowell and Barbora Bobulova. [D-Man2010] The American television movie Coco Chanel debuted on 13 September 2008 on Lifetime Television, starring Shirley MacLaine as a 70-year-old Chanel. The movie could be viewed as rewriting history for the Chanel company as it portrayed Coco's mistress life as love stories, left out her Nazi collaboration and her use of royal connections to avoid trial. The movie also left out possible comparisons between her and Mata Hari, (the famous spy of World War I who was also a dancer and courtesan to the rich). However, any such comparison to Mata Hari may be viewed favorably today as she was said by the Gestapo to be working for the British[Jim15936]
tt0851430
Biography,Drama,History
The year is 1913. War with Germany is imminent. Rudyard Kipling(David Haig), the British Empire's greatest apologist, is at the peak of his literary fame. This movie explores the nature of a man who loses his balance when devotion to family and country clash. World War I breaks out, and Kipling's son, Jack (Daniel Radcliffe), is determined to fight, but the Army and the Navy both reject him because of his extremely poor eyesight. Undaunted, Kipling uses his influence to land Jack a commission in the Irish Guards, sparking off a bitter family conflict. Jack goes to war and is reported missing, believed wounded, in his first action. The Kipling family live in vain hope for two years, before finally learning of Jack's death. The effect on Kipling is profound and irrevocable, as he struggles to confront his appalling sense of guilt and loss.
tt0382737
Biography,Drama,Romance
Wedded bliss didn't come easily to England's most infamous serial husband, Henry VIII. Desperate for a male heir, Henry (Ray Winstone) married then tossed aside a succession of wives that included Katherine of Aragon, Anne Boleyn (Helena Bonham-Carter), Jane Seymour, Anne of Cleves, Katherine Howard (Emily Blunt) and finally Katherine Parr. Sexual intrigue and twisted rivalry were the hallmarks of Henry's reign. First aired on British television.
tt0112681
Biography,Crime,Drama
Viktor Burakov (Steven Rea) is a low-level police detective following a puzzling series of murders in his district. He believes they may be the work of a serial killer, but his Communist bosses don't agree. The Party line is that serial killing is a "decadent, Western phenomenon." But as the body count increases, Burakov notices a distinct pattern. He eventually catches up to the killer, but is stymied because the man is a low-level Communist Party member and the Party protects him. Eventually, Communism collapses and Burakov is appointed head of the investigation. He brings in a psychiatrist, who writes a deep analysis of the type of person involved. Burakov's superior contacts the FBI, discovering that Burakov is legendary because of his insight and dedication. They identify a man, Citizen Chikatilo and arrest him. The psychiatrist meets with Chikatilo and through his reactions, they realize he is the guilty party.
tt2137286
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
Flora, Fauna and Merryweather appear and introduce Sofia, an eight-year-old girl living in the village with her mother, Miranda who is a shoemaker. One day, Miranda and Sofia are called for a shoe fitting by King Roland II of Enchancia. It's love at first sight for Roland and Miranda. They soon marry, making Miranda the new Queen of Enchancia and Sofia the kingdom's second princess. Upon arriving at the castle, Sofia meets her new father, Baileywick the castle steward, Cedric the royal sorcerer and her new older siblings, Princess Amber and Prince James, the royal twins. Sofia is warmly welcomed by everyone at the castle except Amber and Cedric. At the dinner table, Roland tells his new daughter that there will be a royal ball in honor of her royal debut, stating that it's the best way to let everyone know that Princess Sofia has arrived. After Sofia sees her new room, she has second thoughts and laments in song about her insecurities and her belief that she's not ready to be a princess, because she knows being royal has huge responsibilities and she knows she has no experience when it comes to fulfilling them. She finds her mother and tells her about her uneasy feelings and that she would rather not have a royal ball because she doesn't know how to dance and doesn't want to let anyone down. Miranda assures her she'll be fine. Roland comes out of the shadows and gives Sofia a beautiful necklace that he says is special and tells her she must promise to never take it off. Sofia happily accepts the gift and gives him her word to wear it always and never let it out of her sight. On the way back to bed, Sofia bumps into Cedric, who recognizes her new necklace. The next day, Sofia, James, and Amber take a flying coach to the Royal Preparatory Academy. There she meets the headmistresses. Flora, Fauna, and Merryweather. Sofia asks them to teach her how to be a true princess by the day of her royal debut ball. While giving her a tour of the school, they tell her that becoming a true princess is something that takes time. Everyone takes an instant shine to Sofia, making Amber jealous and prompting her to convince James to give Sofia a ride on the Enchanted Swing Set. James does so which makes everyone's smiles vanish. The swing ride sends Sofia sailing through the air and then into a fountain with a splash. Despite really being upset, Sofia laughs it off and walks away soaking wet. Sofia stumbles across a baby bird who has fallen out of its nest and helps it return to its mother. Her interaction with the mother bird and her baby shows how lonely she feels now that she's a princess and misses the days when it was just her and her mother. Just then, Sofia's necklace begins to glow and she unexpectedly hears the birds say "Thank you." After returning home, Cedric intercepts Sofia and takes her to his workshop where he reveals to her that her necklace is the Amulet of Avalor, an magical necklace that can grant the wearer a blessing or a curse depending on a deed, for better or worse. He asks her to let him take a look at it, but she refuses because she promised her father she would never take it off and was taught by her mother that when she makes a promise, she must keep it, no matter what. Unbeknownst to her, Cedric wants to steal the amulet and use its power to seize control of the kingdom. The next morning, Sofia meets Clover, Mia, Robin and Whatnaught and discovers that she can understand what they're saying. Remembering what Cedric said about her amulet and helping that baby bird, she realizes the amulet has given her the power to talk to animals which Clover is delighted to hear. Clover reveals the reason woodland creatures have always helped princesses is because they want food and Sofia, who's happy to finally have new friends, obliges. Now confident, Sofia now dedicates herself to becoming the best princess ever both to fulfill her responsibilities as one and to prove herself to everyone. However, Sofia remains distant from James and Amber because of the stunt they pulled and she no longer trusts anyone and feels that she's on her own. When she comes home the day before the royal ball, she finds her friends Ruby and Jade waiting for her. During the visit, James comes over to apologize for the trick he and Amber played on her and offers to make it up to her by helping her prepare for her ball which she accepts. He also tells her about Professor Popov's dance class the next day, unaware that Amber is spying on them. Sofia arrives at dance class but before she can take some dance shoes, Amber comes by and hands her a special pair, saying they can help her dance better. Sofia steps forward to receive her dance lessons, but just a few minutes later the shoes start making her dance oddly and out of control. Sofia realizes the shoes are trick shoes because of the glow they are giving off and stops long enough to notice Amber sneering at her. It's at this moment that Sofia realizes that Amber tricked her just before she's sent crashing to the ground. She gets back up and gives Amber a hateful glare that helps James realize who gave Sofia those trick shoes. When the trio return to the coach, Amber states that she must have grabbed them by mistake, but Sofia doesn't buy this and angrily ignores her, because she knows Amber gave them to her on purpose to ruin her dance lesson. When she gets back home, she asks Cedric for a dancing spell. He gives her a spell but as soon as she leaves Cedric reveals the spell is actually a sleeping spell, and after it's cast he plans to blackmail Sofia into handing over the amulet. Meanwhile, James angrily confronts Amber about the trick shoe incident, knowing that Amber deliberately gave Sofia those shoes to ruin Sofia's royal ball. Then, after angrily telling Amber that he likes Sofia more than her, he storms out of the room, leaving his twin guilty and upset. Amber tries to call him back but her gown gets caught under one of the legs of her vanity chair and gets ripped. When she goes looking for the maids she hears them in Sofia's room calling her "the prettiest princess in the palace", which makes her run back into her room in tears. At the ball, Sofia arrives in a sparkling gown and everyone is amazed by how beautiful she looks. She casts the spell Cedric gave her and, to her horror, everyone falls asleep, even Cedric. Thinking she must have said the spell wrong and that she's all alone, Sofia breaks down and cries. When a tear drops on the amulet, it begins to glow and Cinderella appears. She explains to Sofia that whenever she is in trouble, her amulet will summon a Princess like herself to help. Cinderella reveals that Amber is still awake and can help out, but Sofia is still angry at Amber for all the nasty things she's done to her. However, through a song, Cinderella encourages Sofia to give her another chance, as Sofia may leave the castle someday. Sofia decides to take Cinderella's advice, but when she turns to thank Cinderella, she has vanished. Sofia goes to Amber and takes her to the ballroom. After seeing what has happened, Amber apologizes to Sofia for her behavior and admits her jealousy. Sofia finally forgives her and the two of them reconcile and finally bond as true sisters. Together they infiltrate Cedric's workshop to figure out how to undo the sleeping spell and awaken everyone once again. But they end up running into Wormwood, Cedric's raven companion. After the woodland critters put Wormwood back in his cage and trick him into revealing where the counter spell book is, the group finds the counter spell, Sofia sewed Amber's gown and Amber gives her a dance lesson. Sofia casts the counter-spell and the ball proceeds as if nothing has happened with Sofia dancing with her father, now calling him "Dad" instead of "Your Majesty" for the first time. The dance soon develops with the whole family dancing together, having finally become a true family.
tt3012184
Comedy
Trey Barrett and Nash Dagavi dropped out of Stanford University to build a social network app called BRB. They join a Silicon Valley incubator program to help find investors for their company to create a product that will "change the world". The social network featured in the show was inspired by an actual Silicon Valley start-up named Nearby. Cast (BRB): Joe Dinicol - twenty-four year old CEO; Trey Barnett Karan Soni - CTO and chief engineer, Avinash "Nash" Dagavi; Charlie Saxton - programmer, Mitchell; Jon Daly - 35-year-old security, Randal Hobbes.
tt1740828
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
It's the modern day, and being Wonder Woman is complicated. Diana is leading a triple life - running a large corporation out of costume and fighting crime in costume in one identity, and living by herself in a small apartment with just her cat for company in another identity, in a desperate attempt to have some kind of normality. The Justice Department takes a dim view of her knocking down doors, entering without a warrant, and beating people up in the street. Paying for her own crime lab by selling action figures of herself in costume leads to her questioning whether she's objectified herself. She's lonely, and frustrated, and the chance to take it out on someone is just too tempting...
tt1709157
Drama,Romance
Based on the novel, The Last Valentine, by James Michael Pratt. A young and cynical female journalist learns love may transcend trials and time as she discovers a story that will change her life forever. When war separates lovers on their wedding anniversary Feb. 14, 1944 at LA Union Train Station, Navy pilot Neil Thomas makes a promise he isn't sure he can keep - to return to the train station safe by their next anniversary. For sixty years Caroline Thomas keeps her promise by waiting at the train station until her missing in action husband can finally keep his with the "lost valentine." The message and meaning shows romance and love can be real; worth fighting, and maybe even dying for.
tt1783413
Crime,Drama
Amanda Knox is an American college student who arrives in Perugia, Italy in September 2007 to study foreign languages at the Stranieri (the University for Foreigners). She shares an upstairs flat, in a cottage on the edge of the hilltop town, with British student Meredith Kercher, and two Italian women, Filomena and Laura. In October, at a classical music concert, Amanda meets Raffaele Sollecito, a young Italian man studying computer engineering, and they began staying at his house each night. On November 2, 2007, the sudden death of Meredith, locked inside her bedroom, seemed to be a shock to everyone. Amanda thought back of how friendly Meredith had been to her, such as when Amanda asked her to "drop everything" and help support her at a job interview at the pub Le Chic, and Amanda got the job. Meredith had been charming to the pub's owner, Mr. Lumumba, and showed him a special way to mix a mojito, with diced limes and rum. In town, a memorial display was created for Meredith, with hundreds of red glowing candles lighting the night air. The police question both Amanda and Raffaele about recent events, trying to gain evidence about the murder. Under pressure, Amanda admitted that she and Raffaele had smoked "weed" during the evening of the murder, and they went to his house, watched a movie on his computer, and went to bed. Meanwhile, the head prosecutor of Perugia continues talking with the coroner and forensic investigators from Rome. The coroner mentions many bruises on Meredith's body, saying that she likely fought back, and the prosecutor asks if multiple people could have attacked her. The corner suggests that it is a possibility. The police call Raffaele back for questioning at the police station, and Amanda waited in the hall. Inside, a police officer shoved Raffaele and screamed that phone records seemed to show he called the emergency number "112" for help after, not before, the postal police had arrived at the cottage, and warned him that his wealthy, influential family could not save him. Immediately, Raffaele starting claiming that Amanda had told him to say things, and that she wasn't really with him during the time of the murder, and he hadn't "thought about the contradictions" in his story. Then, the police go to Amanda, waiting alone in the hall doing cartwheels, and asked her to explain a text message on her cell phone. The police claimed she had left a text message to her boss, Mr. Lumumba, as indicating she would meet him later the night of the murder; however, Amanda responded that, in America, those words meant, "I'll see you around" rather than "meet me later". Surrounded by many police officers, Amanda was told that she must remember and tell them about meeting her boss that night, or else. After several hours, she said she met her boss at Grimana Square, nearby, and they went to the cottage with Meredith, and he went into her room when she died. The police then arrest Amanda, Raffaele, plus her boss. Under interrogation at the police station, with swollen bruises on his face from being beaten by the overzealous police officers, her boss insisted he barely knew Meredith and had never been to her apartment. Some days later, her boss is released when a college professor came forward to confirm he was with him, at the pub Le Chic, and could not have been at the cottage during the murder. Amanda's mother and father come to Italy to help her, and hire two professional Italian lawyers to defend her in court. Amanda explained that she had been threatened by the police to say things, so then her father understood why she had been arrested after the interrogation. Soon, however, the forensic investigators from Rome found a clear "fingerprint" in the murder room, in blood, which did not match either Amanda or Raffaele. A nationwide manhunt led to the arrest of Rudy Guede, a young black man whom Amanda and Meredith had met, weeks earlier as she thought back, when he played guitar in the downstairs flat at the cottage (with the Italian guys living there). Rudy is put on trial and found guilty of the murder and sexual assault, but then Amanda and Raffaele are also sent to trial for planning the murder in the same judgment by Italian law. Amanda and Raffaele are tried, together, during the summer of 2009. They were charged with murder, sexual assault, staging a crime scene, and transporting a lethal knife. Luminol testifies that in the cottage hallway revealed small footprints, which were too small for the men to have made, but close to Amanda's foot size. DNA experts testify that Amanda's blood had been found, on a bathroom faucet, mixed into a drop of Meredith's blood. In Raffaele's apartment, the police find a large kitchen knife with Amanda's DNA on the handle and 4 cells of Meredith's DNA on the blade; however, a defense expert testified that 10 cells would be needed because 4 cells of DNA indicated "contamination" rather than actual evidence of the knife being used. The prosecution insisted that Amanda had argued with Meredith and cut her (as shown in an imagined flashback in Meredith's room). The head forensic investigator is called to testfy where he says that Sollecito's DNA had been found on the metal bra clasp severed from the back strap of Meredith's bra (as shown cut by a knife in another imagined flashback scene). However, his attorney asked on what date the bra clasp was found, and she replied the clasp was photographed during the first day, but not collected until 47 days later, after being moved around the room and passed between multiple investigators. The attorney claimed the small amount of DNA could have been contamination, but the investigator responded that Sollecito's DNA was only found, elsewhere, on a cigarette butt in the kitchen, and she said, "DNA does not fly around". Eventually, in December 2009, the judges and jury panel delivered the verdict of guilty, as a shock to the courtroom. Amanda is sentenced to 26 years in prison, and Raffaele is sentenced to 25 years. Amanda is led in tears out of the courtroom to a police van to take her to prison as she continues to protest her innocence. Amanda's father reassures her that they will appeal the verdict. The disclaimer in the final shot says that in February 2011, Amanda's parents had both been arrested charged with criminal slander for claiming the police abused Amanda, and they now face up to three years in prison if convicted of the slander under Italian law.
tt2024354
Comedy
Christmas Wedding Tail is the story of a pair of passionate pooches, Labrador Rusty and Poodle Cheri, who fall head-over-tails in love. The two smitten pups conspire to get their respective owners, Susan and Jake to wed. Despite Susans and Jakes compatibility, their new blended family turns out to be more than Rusty and Cheri had bargained for. Now, the calculating canines must channel their pooch powers to keep their family from ending up in the dog house.
tt2641874
Drama,Mystery,Thriller
When a high school senior discovers her teacher is seducing her boyfriend, events turn deadly after the teacher tries to cover it up.
tt1733125
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
Two thousand years ago, Nhagruul the Foul, a sorcerer who reveled in corrupting the innocent and the spread of despair, neared the end of his mortal days and was dismayed. Consumed by hatred for the living, Nhagruul sold his soul to the demon Lords of the abyss so that his malign spirit would survive. In an excruciating ritual, Nhagrulls skin was flayed into pages, his bones hammered into a cover, and his diseased blood became the ink to pen a book most vile. Creatures vile and depraved rose from every pit and unclean barrow to partake in the fever of destruction. The kingdoms of Karkoth were consumed by this plague of evil until an order of holy warriors arose from the ashes. The Knights of the New Sun swore an oath to resurrect hope in the land. The purity of their hearts was so great that Pelor, the God of Light, gave the Knights powerful amulets with which to channel his power. Transcendent with divine might, the Knights of the New Sun pierced the shadow that had darkened the land for twelve hundred years and cast it asunder. But not all were awed by their glory. The disciples of Nhagruul disassembled the book and bribed three greedy souls to hide the pieces until they could be retrieved. The ink was discovered and destroyed but, despite years of searching, the cover and pages were never found. Peace ruled the land for centuries and the Knights got lost in the light of their own glory. As memory of the awful events faded so did the power of servants of Pelor. They unwittingly abandoned themselves in the incorrect belief that the Book of Vile Darkness could never again be made whole. Now, the remaining pieces have been discovered, and an ancient evil is attempting to bring them together and restore the relic and the evil it brought. But at the same time a potential new paladin has been named to the Knights of the New Sun to attempt to renew their power to fight this evil. But, to do so, he may need to go against all that he has held dear, risking more that just his own soul in his quest to destroy the evil that surrounds him at every turn.
tt1535565
Comedy,Drama,Romance
By day, Nola Devlin (Poppy Montgomery) is an unassuming, frumpy magazine editor who is overlooked and teased by her coworkers. When the sun sets, though, and she is behind the glow and anonymity of her computer screen, she becomes the famous and reclusive advice columnist Belinda Apple. Nolas friends, tired of being overworked and overweight, band together to create the Cinderella Pact, vowing to lose pounds by following the advice of their fairy godmother, Apple. When her secret identity is threatened, Nola is forced to take her own alter egos advice. But, as the group of friends drops dress sizes, their real issues are exposed, and better-than-expected life changes begin to blossom. Source:www.mylifetime.com/movies/lying-to-be-perfect
tt0406046
Drama
Set in 1944 Colorado, The Magic of Ordinary Days is the story of a young woman, Livy Dune (played by Keri Russell), who became pregnant before marriage. Her father, Rev. Dunne, decided to deal with the situation, by arranging a marriage to a shy farmer through another preacher. The groom, Ray Singleton (played by Skeet Ulrich), lives on a remote farm and is very different than Livy. Ray focuses on what is close to him: his family, his land, today. Livy thinks on a much grander scale: the world, ancient civilizations, far away places. Ray's farm utilizes the help of Japanese Americans from a nearby Japanese American internment camp to help work the farm. Livy befriends two well-educated Japanese American women who were working the farm, Flora and Rose (Tania Gunadi and Gwendoline Yeo). She finds comfort and familiarity in their friendship. Livy is polite and civil to her new husband and his sister Martha (Mare Winningham), but she harbors feelings for the father of the baby, a World War II soldier, and feelings of guilt for the pregnancy. Ray, however, is caring, patient, and supportive of Livy, but the fact that she does not want him hurts him deeply. Slowly over time, the two come to understand and love each other, and appreciate that though they are different, neither is better or worse than the other. "from wikipedia"
tt1724572
Crime,Drama,Mystery
A gruesome murder of three-year-old Savill Kent in 1860. Local police bumbled through the investigation, eventually leading the government to dispatch Scotland Yard Detective Inspector Jack Whicher to the small town to investigate. Whicher sized up the situation and quickly came to the shocking conclusion that the murderer must have been a member of the Kent household. Everyone from Savill's father to his nursemaids came under suspicion, though Whicher favoured Savill's half-sister, Constance Kent. However, Whicher had been brought into the case nearly a week after the murder. The evidence was mostly circumstantial and most leads had gone cold before he even started the case.
tt1825918
Animation,Action,Adventure
The film opens with Phineas (Vincent Martella), Ferb (Thomas Sangster), Candace (Ashley Tisdale), Perry, a.k.a. Agent P (Dee Bradley Baker), and Heinz Doofenshmirtz (Dan Povenmire), who have been captured by the 2nd Dimension Doofenshmirtz and in chains, being led to a large, hairy, caged monster called a "Goozim". The scene flashes back to earlier in the day when Phineas and Ferb have just woken up. It's been five years since they adopted their pet platypus, Perry, from the O.W.C.A.'s animal shelter. After reminiscing about how they got him ("Everything's Better with Perry"), the boys decide to play giant platypus badminton, and construct a platy-pult with their friends Isabella (Alyson Stoner), Buford (Bobby Gaylor), and Baljeet (Maulik Pancholy). Perry the Platypus reports to his lair and dons his secret agent persona, Agent P. He is briefed by Major Monogram (Jeff "Swampy" Marsh) about his mission, receives new gadgets by Carl (Tyler Alexander Mann), and rides off in his rocket car. Phineas and Ferb launch themselves off the platy-pult in a giant shuttlecock and fly through the air, but end up colliding with Perry's rocket car and crash onto the roof of the Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated building, destroying Dr. Doofenshmirtz's latest invention, the Otherdimensionator. Meanwhile, upon hearing that her boyfriend Jeremy Johnson (Mitchel Musso) is already looking for the perfect college for himself, Candace, Phineas and Ferb's older sister, decides to grow up and act more like an adult with the help of her best friend, Stacy Hirano (Kelly Hu). Phineas and Ferb apologize for breaking Doofenshmirtz's invention and offer to help him fix it. Perry, who has arrived on the scene, goes back into his mindless pet persona, lest his owners find out his secret. The boys and the evil scientist successfully open a portal to the 2nd Dimension, and find that it is ruled by an alternate Doofenshmirtz, who has seized control of the Tri-State Area, unlike his prime counterpart. Doofenshmirtz meets him ("A Brand New Best Friend (and It's Me)"). Phineas, Ferb, and Perry follow, and Doof-2 reveals Perry's identity as a secret agent by making his minion, Platyborg (who was the 2nd Dimension Perry defeated by Doof-2 and turned into a cyborg) attack the boys, to which Perry had no choice but to save them. The boys and their pet make a hasty escape from the building, with Phineas feeling angry and betrayed that his pet kept this secret from him this whole time. The three try to get back to their dimension by using a remote version of the Otherdimensionator, but are unable to. They decide to go find their 2nd Dimension selves for help, and find out that that summer has been outlawed in this Tri-State Area and that they have never heard of summer ("Summer (Where Do We Begin?)"). Perry sees a news report on the TV saying that if Perry turns himself in, Doof-2 would not hurt Phineas and Ferb. As Perry goes to surrender himself to Doof-2, Phineas, still angry at him for not being honest with them all these years, disowns him, forcing Perry to sadly leave ("I Walk Away"). Phineas, Ferb, and their 2nd Dimension selves then go across the street to get help from the 2nd Dimension Isabella, only to be stopped by a patrolling Normbot (one of the mass-produced 2nd Dimension versions of Doofenshmirtz's robotic servant Norm; both are voiced by John Viener), who is taken down by the 2nd Dimension Buford. The five get across the street, but they all fall down a chute into the headquarters of the Resistance, a group of civilians who want to overrule Doof-2's dictatorship. They are tied up by the Firestorm Girls and presented to Isabella-2, who recognizes at least Buford-2, and she lets the group go. Phineas explains their dilemma, and they are taken to "Dr. Baljeet", the 2nd Dimension version of Baljeet. Dr. Baljeet explains the concept of inter-dimensional time travel, and that they would need a lot of energy to get to the 1st Dimension. Candace-2 reveals herself to be the Resistance's leader and they open a portal to Phineas and Ferb's backyard. Upon hearing that Perry has been captured, Phineas and Ferb want to go back to save him. Candace and Stacy see the portal, and Candace steps through, causing the portal to close, leaving her stuck in the 2nd Dimension. The gang decides to break into Doof-2's headquarters to rescue Perry by using underground mine carts, but find that it is a trap. Perry is able to distract the Doofs and the Norm Bots by showing a hologram of Major Monogram in the shower. The gang tries to escape by heading back with the mine carts, but Candace-2 separates the carts between the Resistance and the 1st Dimension-ers, so she and her brothers are safe, leading to Phineas, Ferb, Candace, and Perry's capture. Phineas and Ferb refuse to rebuild the Otherdimensionator so Doof-2 can go to the 1st Dimension and enslave it, so he sentences them to be doomed (i.e., fed to the Goozim). He also sentences the regular Doofenshmirtz, as he annoys him. As Phineas, Ferb, Candace, Agent P, and Doofenshmirtz are about to be eaten, Candace-2 shows up with the remote version of the Otherdimensionator, destroys the Norm Bots, and throws the remote to Phineas, who opens a portal and escapes along with his friends. They travel through numerous dimensions ("Brand New Reality"), until they get back home. They find that Doof-2 has arrived in Danville, the Otherdimensionator having been repaired by Doofenshmirtz prior to his sentencing to the Goozim, and that Normbots are invading the city. While Perry goes to fight with his fellow agents, Phineas and Ferb simply walk home. Once there, they find Agent P's lair, where they get a message from the O.W.C.A. stating that they need their help. Many of the boys' inventions from past episodes are recreated, and the kids of Danville use them to combat the Norm Bots attacking the Tri-State Area ("Robot Riot"). Phineas and Perry get to the top of the Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated building, where Doof-2 is. After battling him and Platyborg, Phineas and Perry are able to destroy the satellite controlling the Norm Bots, and they all fall to the ground. As Candace decides that she doesn't want to be an adult anymore, she suddenly comes up with a plan to save the Tri-State Area, and she goes to get her parents (Caroline Rhea and Richard O'Brien) to see what's going on. Ferb joins Phineas and Perry on the roof as Doof-2 rises from the floor with a giant robotic version of himself. As he is about to smash and kill the trio, the regular Doofenshmirtz shows up and hands Doof-2 a toy train. Doof-2 had lost his toy train when he was a kid, and that had caused him to become evil. Reunited with his object, Doof-2 apologizes and reveals that he has had self-destruct buttons on all the Norm Bots after all, and uses a remote to destroy all of them. Candace and her mother come out and find that everything is back to normal and that Candace has once again failed to bust her brothers. However, she takes it as, since the "mysterious force" takes thing away before her mother sees it, by bringing her mother out, and causing the Normbots to be taken away, she has saved the world. Doof-2 returns to the 2nd Dimension, only to be arrested by Major Monogram and the Firestorm Girls. Monogram and Carl tell Phineas and Ferb that Perry will have to go away forever now that they know his secret revealing the reason why Perry never told them his secret, but they then remember that Doofenshmirtz had built an Amnesia-inator to erase memories. Doofenshmirtz has no memory of building such device (proving that it worked, as it had erased his memory of constructing it). Phineas, Ferb, and their friends line up at the O.W.C.A. headquarters to get their memories erased and forget the entire day. Phineas and Ferb say their last good-bye to Agent P, and Isabella kisses Phineas on the lips, finally being able to live out her fantasy. Before Phineas can say anything, the Amnesia-inator does its work. Afterward, Agent P enters his lair, and takes out a camera. He plugs it into the screen and looks at photos of his and his owners' adventure, smiling ("Takin' Care of Things"). The film ends with Slash performing "Kick It Up a Notch" with Phineas, Ferb, their friends, and Doof-2.
tt0118308
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Miss Emma Woodhouse is sophisticated, clever, rich and beautiful - and just a little bit spoiled. After her governess Miss Taylor marries kind Widower Mr. Weston, she is left to her own devices and the company of her hypochondriac father in the country estate of Hartfield. Since she fancies herself a matchmaker, a quality defied by old family friend George Knightley, she decides to provide the charming young vicar Mr. Elton with a wife. The chosen one is Harriet Smith, a pretty but simple Parlour Boarder of unknown heritage. Emma takes the young woman under her wings and introduces her to society - especially Mr. Elton, who soon shows first signs of interest. In her enthusiasm Miss Woodhouse goes so far as to manipulate Harriet into refusing a marriage proposal from farmer Robert Martin, ignoring a mutual attraction between the two. This infuriates Knightley, who is appalled by Emma's meddling. Even though the friends soon reconcile, things go badly awry on Christmas Eve, when Elton proposes to a shocked Emma, having misunderstood her encouragement. Emma rejects him, suddenly seeing his real character as shallow and selfish and is relieved when the Vicar leaves town for a visit to Bath. Having to deal with Harriet's disappointment and her own embarrassment and guilt, she decides to give up on her hobby. Things make a turn for the worse, when Jane Fairfax, the niece of the kind but chatty Miss Bates returns to Highbury. Even though Jane is orphaned and poor and will soon have to find a place as a governess, Emma can't help but dislike her, mainly due to her aunts endless praise. A second arrival meets her approval much more - Mr. Westons son Frank Churchill, who grew up at his aunts house finally visits his father and the new Mrs. Weston. Emma, who secretly always believed him to be her destiny, is quickly attracted to the charming young man, who flirts openly with her. He shares his cheeky sense of humour with her and seems to find special pleasure in teasing the highly talented and beautiful, but reserved Jane Fairfax. Knightley takes it upon himself to save Jane from this and Emma reacts jealous to a rumour that he might be her secret admirer. Frank however is soon forced to return back to his sick aunt and Emma realises that she doesn't miss him all that much. Mr. Elton arrives from Bath with his new wife Augusta, an arrogant and overbearing but rather rich woman, who instantly enters rivalry with Miss Woodhouse. During a ball initiated by the also returned Frank, Elton flat out refuses to dance with Harriet. Mr. Knightley witnesses this and asks for her hand instead which she happily accepts. Emma is grateful for his kindness and finally admits that he was right all along. They dance together. After Harriet is saved by Frank from an attack in brought daylight, Emma imagines that he could be the right man for her friend. And to her surprise Harriet confesses that she indeed has a new crush, for a man who had done her a great service. Convinced her wish has come true, Emma encourages her in the pursuit of Churchill. During a garden party at Knightleys home estate of Donwell Abbey, emotions seem to boil over when Jane Fairfax flees from the overbearing Mrs. Elton trying to find her a governess position. Little later Frank arrives also in a bad mood. Emma reminds him of a picnic they have planned for Box Hill. The next day Emma, Frank, Miss Bates, Jane, the Eltons and Mr. Knightley arrive at their destination. Churchill, seemingly trying to make up for his behaviour the previous day, flirts shamelessly with Emma and teases Jane, which gets Knightley to warn Emma of connections she might not understand. Finally the tensions escalate, when Emma unwittingly insults Miss Bates. A furious Knightley scolds her on the way to the carriage and leaves her in tears. The next morning an ashamed Emma visits the Bates house where she is informed that Jane has taken ill, but has finally accepted a position as a governess. On her return to Hartfield, she finds Mr. Knightley with her father, who is on his way to London. His attitude towards her softens when he hears of her visit, but he still leaves. News spread that Mrs. Churchill died and little later Emma is called to the Westons, who try to gently break it to her that Frank is engaged to Miss Fairfax. They had been secretly a couple all along, but had to wait for his aunts death to make it official. Though Emma can assure them that she was not in love with Mr. Churchill, she is angry about his deceit and fears that the news will break Harriet's heart all over. Her friend however is confused as the man she referred to wasn't Frank Churchill but George Knightley and states that she believes him to returns her feelings. Shocked Emma realises that there had been some rather gentle gestures between the two and also that she is jealous as she is in love with Knightley herself. While walking in the garden the next day Miss Woodhouse is surprised to find Mr. Knightley approaching her, who has returned after hearing the news of the engagement. He believes her to be heartbroken and tries to console her but she informs him that she was only flattered by Franks attention rather than attached to him. After Knightley airs his anger about Churchill he admits that he envies him. Emma resolves broken hearted that she owes their friendship to listen to him even in announcing his engagement to Harriet, but what she hears is a confession of love for her, Emma. She admits that she returns his feelings and they kiss. When Emma tries to break the news of her own engagement to her friend she finds that Harriet has finally followed her heart and gotten engaged to Mr. Martin, who she had been in love with all along. Knightley decides to move to Hartfield as to not inconvenience Mr. Woodhouse, who under this light gives his approval. The society of Highbury celebrates their various marriages and engagements together with a successful harvest at Donwell Abbey.
tt1744825
Action,Drama
Around 1620 BC a gigantic volcano in the Aegean Sea stirred from its 19,000-year slumber. The eruption tore the island of Thera apart, producing massive tsunamis that flooded the nearby island of Crete, the centre of Europe's first great civilisation the Minoans. This apocalyptic event, many experts now believe, provided the inspiration for the legend of Atlantis. Based on the work of leading scientists, archaeologists and historians, this drama immerses viewers in the exotic world of the Minoans.
tt0129686
Adventure,Drama,War
The film opens with seventeen-year-old Midshipman Horatio Hornblower (Ioan Gruffudd) coming aboard the HMS Justinian He is greeted by fifteen-year-old Midshipman Archie Kennedy (Jamie Bamber) and is introduced to Lieutenant Eccleston (Robert Bathurst) and Lieutenant Chadd (Roger May) who both welcome him aboard. Eccleston orders that Kennedy take Hornblower to the midshipman corner, and Kennedy does so. However, the midshipman's welcome is not as warm as that of Eccleston, Chadd, and Kennedy. Midshipman Cleveland (Frank Boyce) and Midshipman Hether (Richard Lumsden) are VERY rude to the younger midshipman. However, Midshipman Clayton (Duncan Bell) pays them no mind and asks Hornblower how old he is. Hornblower says he is seventeen, Hether automatically taunts this fact and says he highly doubts he knows the difference between "a hat and a hanging" and Hornblower says he doesn't, but he'll be sure it's the first thing he looks up. Clayton finds this funny, Hornblower excuses himself and suffers a spell of seasickness. Clayton gets him into a hammock and strips of his overcoat, throwing a blanket over Hornblower's weak body. Hornblower begs his pardon, Clayton assures him and tells him to lie quiet until he feels himself again. Hornblower falls asleep after a horrible first day. Hornblower wakes a bit later than expected the next morning, much to Eccleston's notice. Kennedy whispers to Hornblower that "the captain is coming aboard" and Clayton remarks that if ever a man was wrongly named it would most defintely be Captain Keene, due to his frail appearance. Hornblower whispers his gratitude to...Clayton who tells the young Midshipman that he should not mind Hether and Cleveland, that it is only their way and they'll get use to him. At that moment, the whistle blows and Captain Keene (Michael Byrne) is welcomed aboard. He calls Hornblower to his cabin and tells him that he was good friends with his father and asks about his health, Hornblower tells him that he is well enough. Keene laughs at the fact that "a son of a doctor" is surviving in the British navy, he asks Hornblower about his schooling and the only fact that Hornblower can offer is that he was a Grecian (an expert in the Greek language). Keene tells him if he minds his duties and does as he is told that no harm will come to him, he dismisses Hornblower. The same night, the men are settling down for the night with wine and music. Clayton plays his fiddle as Hether tells Horatio about the Indys, and that it is surely the place to be with its "clear blue skies and waters to" Hornblower says he would love to see it, Cleveland says he may if they can get off the Justinina one day. The dreaming and smiles ends abruptly when a shadow appears, a voice scowls "You are in my seat" the figure whom steps out of the shadows is none other than bullying Midshipman Jack Simpson (Dorian Healy). One of the midshipman quickly gets up from his seat at the head of the table, Simpson takes it for him. Simpson asks why nobdoy cheered for his return, Cleveland says that they never thought he would return. Simpson seems slightly offended by this comment. Hether asks Simpson about his comission, Simpson simply tells him it was "refused." Hether says it was probably bad luck, Simpson says it was indeed bad luck and that due to this Lieutenant Jack Simpson is now lowly Midshipman Jack Simpson as he remarks sarcastically that he is at their services. Simpson finally notices Hornblower and asks his name and rank, Hornblower tells him both. Simpson asks what is on his plate, Hornblower says it's only mutton and ale. Simpson helps himself to Hornblower's food and drink, Hornblower says he had no right to do so. Simpson asks him if that is really true, there is a moment of silence. Simpson quietly asks for Kennedy, whom does not respond at first. Simpson shouts his name which finally snaps the young Midshipman out of his comatose-like trance. Simpson asks him if he has told Hornblower the rules, Kennedy shakes his head no and proceeds to do so. Only one rule: Every midshipman is to be sure that all fresh-cut meat and all the warm blankets go to Simpson. Hornblower asks to why they must do that, Kennedy says it's because he is a Senior Midshipman. Hornblower says they are all only midshipman, Simpson begs to differ. Hornblower says that regulations clearly do not say anything about "a senior midshipman" Simpson drives a dagger through the table and says that he "pisses on regulations!" Hornblower is clearly frightened, Simpson is right at his face when he tells him that this clearly a case of Mark Antony rendering unto Ceaser and he will leave Hornblower to decide who Caeser and who is to do the rendering. Clayton dives in to defend his friend and tells Simpson that Hornblower understands his meaning. Simpson backs off Hornblower and turns to Clayton, asking him to play a merry tune on his fiddle. Obviously afraid, Clayton obeys him. Simpson turns to Hornblower and tells him to "cut them a rug" Hornblower is still, Simpson orders again and Hornblower remains mum. By the third warning, Simpson has control of his temper yet again and Hornblower can no longer disobey. He stands to his feet and dances an Irish jig, after all that Simpson can only taunt Hornblower's horrible footing. Simpson turns to a deeply distracted Kennedy, and tells him that he will wake Hornblower every half hour in order to teach him a lesson. As night falls, all is calm and still until Kennedy suddenly has an uncontrollable seizure. Hornblower notices it and is instantly concerned, Simpson orders for Kennedy to shut up. Hornblower says he can't and tells Simpson that he is sick, Simpson could care less he only wants quiet. Hornblower kneels down to the floor and tries to calm Kennedy, Clayton joins him and says that it has started again and he had feared this would happen. Simpson tells Clayton that if Kennedy is unfit then he will take his duties in waking Hornblower, Clayton sorely agrees to the orders. Clayton and Hornblower move Kennedy back into his hammock, Clayton settles Kennedy until he is asleep once more, Clayton tells Kennedy that it was only a bad dream. Hornblower asks what ails him, Clayton turns to Horatio and shrugs "What ails us all." Throughout the night, Hornblower is awaken every half-hour just as Simpson instructed. It is a very sleepless night for the young man. The next morning, Hornblower steps onto a very wet deck and almost slips but thankfully catches himself. Out of nowhere, Seaman Styles (Sean Gilder) climbs down from the watchtower and tells Hornblower that Lieutenant Eccleston wants to see him up at the watchtower, Hornblower asks him if he is sure and Styles say he is. Hornblower begins to climb up to the watchtower, as Styles watches down below with a cheeky grin. Suddenly, Hornblower's foot slips and he is left clinging onto the net absolutely petrified. It really was a trick, Simpson smiles and climbs down from the watchtower. Hornblower begs for his help, Simpson (while a coldhearted scoundrel) decides to help him down. Later in the day, the Midshipmen (save Clayton) are being tutored in ways of directions and equations. Captain Keene checks Simpson's work first, and chuckles as he sarcastically remarks "We must all rejoice. The sources of the Nile have been discovered at last."What Keene can tell from Simpson's illerate scroll is that his ship is somewhere in Africa, Keene walks away from him obviously very dissapointed. Keene fails Cleveland, Hether, and Kennedy but not Hornblower who he describes as alone "amongst these intellectual giants" Keene orders Master Bowles (Colin MacLachlan) to be sure that Simpson pays further attention to his studies, he dismisses the midshipmen and walks away. Simpson watches Hornblower with a very displeasing look. Later that night, all seems calm and still even as Simpson enters the scene. Simpson says to Cleveland, Hether, and Kennedy that it is about time that they show the new Midshipmen the ropes, Simpson is ignored. Simpson there is no other candidate but Hornblower, he orders for Hether and Cleveland to clear off the table. Cleveland tries to protest, Simpson yells that they better do it or they WILL take his place. Hether and Cleveland quickly clean off the table, they force Hornblower onto it and hold him down. Simpson orders for a younger Midshipman to keep quiet, Simpson takes out rope and uses to strike Horatio's hide. Simpson tells Hornblower that he is a bit of dark horse for showing them up in front of Keene, he orders for Cleveland and Hether to turn Hornblower onto his back, they proceed to do so while Kennedy simply tunes the torture out and Clayton watches on helplessly. Simpson presses his body against Hornblower's, telling him that the purpose of this certain inquistion is for him to get to know him a bit better, he tells Hornblower that he knows all the Midshipmen and knows what knaws at their souls every night, he asks Hornblower what his dirty little secret is. He mockingly guesses that he is probably a homosexual ("fancier of other boys,perhaps") he snatches a locket off of Hornblower's neck and chuckles, he then asks if Hornblower's mother makes a living on her back. Hornblower is instantly offended and headbutts Simpson, only to have the older midshipman continously beat his head against the table and his body shoved to the floor. Simpson orders that he gets up, Hether tells Simpson that he has won and orders him to stop. Simpson continues to kick Hornblower repeatedelly, Cleveland pleads for him to stop or he will surely kill him. Simpson finally stops, Cleveland orders for Hornblower to stay down but the determined young man stands to his feet. Simpson punches him and continues to beat on the helpless Hornblower, out of nowhere a pistol is held to Simpson's head. It is Clayton's pistol, Clayton orders for Simpson to "stand off" Simpson nervously states that he has no quarrel with Clayton. Clayton again warns him to "stand off" or he will trim the wall with his brains, Simpson lays off Hornblower. Clayton orders for the Midshipmen to take Hornblower to Doctor Hepplewhite, they quickly proceed to do so. After they leave, Simpson tells Clayton how bold he is with a pistol in hand. Simpson whacks the weapon out of Clayton's hand, Clayton backs away. Simpson tells Clayton that he knows him for the coward that he really is, he tightens a rope around his knuckles. A sure sign that like Hornblower, Clayton suffered some form of abuse that same night. The next morning, Eccleston is searching for Hornblower when he finally finds him. He is obviously angry, he tells Hornblower that he gave him specfic orders before Eccleston can continue his outburst, Hornblower turns to his commander. Eccleston's anger instantly turns to concern when he see's just how brusied Hornblower's face is, Eccleston asks what happened. Hornblower lies and says he just lost his footing and fell down the stairs, Eccleston can clearly tell that it's a lie because all of his face is brusied. Eccleston asks him again, Hornblower is silent. Eccleston orders for him to tell him or he will deal with the situation in a more leninent manner, Hornblower again says that he only fell. Eccleston sighs, obviously given up, he tells Hornblower that he will see if a spell in the gratings can't teach him to tread more carefully. As Eccleston walks away, Simpson shoots Hornblower a most evil glare and walks away. As the rain pours, Hornblower is tied to a net in a crucifixion manner, in a voiceover when he hear him write a letter to his father. He tells him that he is truly happy in the letter. Which is clearly not true. The next day after the skies have cleared, Clayton approaches an emotionless Hornblower and offers him a mug of ale (with just a drop of grog), Hornblower is not responding. Clayton calls out to him, Hornblower can only say "death" Clayton is terribly confused. Hornblower tells Clayton that he was thinking on death, Clayton sighs and asks whose death he was thinking on, Hornblower says he was thinking on his own. Clayton suggests that Hornblower desert, Hornblower says even if he were to do that he would not be free and that would give Simpson victory and THAT would surely be worse than death. Hornblower suggests that somebody should stand against Simpson, Clayton warns that the beating that Simpson gave Hornblower was nothing in comparsion to the other terrible things that he is very well capable of. After finishing off his warning, Eccleston and Simpson approach the two. Eccleston tells them that Simpson is take to a party of men ashore and rendevou with Lieutenant Chalk of the HMS Golilath and he gives Hornblower the order to accompany them, Hornblower agrees. Simpson, Hornblower, and some other crewmembers of the Justinina meet up with Lieutenant Chalk (Oliver Montgomery) who asks whom Hornblower is. Simpson introduces him as Horatio Hornblower, or he is better known as the Midshipman who was seasick at Spithead. Chalk looks a bit relcutant to accept Hornblower after hearing this fact, he tells them that they are to keep watch until they come across their allies. A few hours later, it seems that Hornblower is the only one whom is keeping watch as Simpson is inside The Lamb Inn and having a drink, Hornblower steps inside. Simpson tells Hornblower to give a toast to someone, Hornblower quickly says to raise a glass to the King, Simpson only chuckles. Lieutenant Chalk arrives with one of his lieutenants, he tells them that while they wait for word if they would care to join him in a game of cards to pass the time. Both of the gentleman agree to do so. As the men play the card game Robber, Hornblower begins to swipe the winnings when Simpson tries to stop him but he still proceeds as he folds out his cards, saying that the rest are his. Simpson is confused. Chalk says that Hornblower had five tricks, he reminds Simpson that "the game is Robber. " Simpson is still confused, Hornblower says it is only a simple mathmetical caculation, Simpson mutters "He knows the back of the cards as well as he knows the front." Hornblower hears him and calls the remark out as an insult, Chalk defends Simpson and says Simpson can probably explain. Hornblower tells Chalk that he was accused of cheating at cards and that's a very hard thing to explain, Chalk continues to defend and says that Simpson was simply speaking subconciously and requests that the order another bottle of wine and drink it in the vanity of friendship. Hornblower says he will do, and with the great pleasure, if Simpson apologizes to him and admits that he spoke out of terms. Simpson smirks "Apologize to you? Never the sight of Hell." Hornblower asks Chalk and the fellow Lieutenant if they heard it for themselves, Simpson had just insulted Hornblower again and refused to apologize. Hornblower says that there is only way "that satisfaction can be given" now. "A duel? Are you mad?!" Kennedy exclaims, Hornblower is back on the Justinina and has just told Kennedy and Clayton about his plans to challenge Simpson to a duel. Hornblower clearly tells Kennedy that this duel will be the end of it, whether he wins or loses he will be rid of Simpson either way. He notes that he has a pretty even chance of winning. Kennedy argues in saying that Simpson is the best shot in the Navy and that he will Hornblower for sure, Hornblower and Kennedy turn to Clayton who has remained mum. Clayton tells Hornblower that he will act as his second, of course but he must know if Hornblower has "fought a duel before." Kennedy turns to a silent Hornblower, it is pretty obvious that he has not fought in a duel beforehand. The next morning, Clayton stands on deck and takes a drink from his flask as the longboats pull out. Clayton see's a special tool and picks it up, he heads below deck and finds Hornblower bracing himself for the duel. Clayton asks if he is ready, Hornblower nods his head. Clayton sighs and draws a bit closer, he asks Hornblower if there is any way for him to change his mind, Hornblower shakes his head. Clayton sighs once more and asks for Hornblower to hand him his cloak, as Hornblower reaches for the wrapping he is knocked out cold by Clayton. In the woods, a carriage speeds to the sight of the duel. Two people step out of the carriage, Clayton and Kennedy. They approach Simpson, Hether, Cleveland and Doctor Hepplewhite (Simon Markey). Simpson asks where Hornblower is, Clayton tells Simpson that Hornblower has met with an "accident" and won't be able to fight in the duel. Simpson smirks in saying "You mean the little coward has pissed himself?" Clayton ignores the remark and tells them that his duties as Hornblower's second means he will stand proxy, Hepplewhite doesn't understand. Clayton tells him that he will fight in Hornblower's place, he says he won't however if Simpson chooses to remove his accusation against Hornblower, Simpson says he will never do that. Hepplewhite tells Clayton that this is most likely illegal, Clayton says whether it is legal or illegal that it would settle the matter and says that he is here and that Simpson is not afraid of him. Back on the Justinina, Hornblower regains concious and instantly knows what has happened, he races off. Back in the woods, Clayton and Simpson are about ten steps apart from each other and have their pistols in hand. Hepplewhite goes over the rules and asks the gentlemen if they are ready, Simpson and Clayton both say they are. Hepplewhite calls fire and both guns shoot off, Simpson is shot in the shoulder and falls to the ground bleeding. Clayton tells Simpson that he got him, not aware that he has blood coming from his own mouth. Clayton falls to his knees and collapses, blood is spouring from his gut. Moments later, Hornblower is seen racing towards The Lamb Inn through a snow-covered England. He hears shouts coming from inside and steps into the inn, he see's Hether and Cleveland patching up Simpson's shoulder so he is clearly not the one he heard yelling. Hornblower fears the worse. Cleveland points up stairs, Hornblower storms up the stairs and charges into an open room where he see's a bleeding Clayton and a very dismayed Kennedy and Hepplewhite. Hornblower goes to Clayton's bedside and takes his hand, Clayton apologizes for not killing Simpson, all of the sudden there are shouts from outside. Clayton asks what they are shouting about, Hornblower says he doesn't know and orders Kennedy to go outside and find out. Kennedy leaves the room, Hornblower sits on Clayton's bed and asks him the pretty obvious question: "why?" Clayton tells Hornblower that he was right, somebody needed to stand up to Simpson but it couldn't be a boy. Clayton lets out a cough as Hornblower frightfully looks to a sadden Hepplewhite for answers, Clayton continues in saying that Hornblower shamed him and that they could have cowered together and runned forever, Hornblower shakes his head. Clayton tells Hornblower that he actually thought he could beat Simpson, after all he had "an even chance" Hornblower and Clayton smile until Clayton finds himself unable to breathe, he tightens his grip on Hornblower's hand and asks the young Midshipman if it is evening. Within that moment, Clayton dies. An upset Hornblower heads for the exit of the inn when Simpson calls out to him, he remarks that he isn't finished with him and that he will flail Hornblower alive. Hornblower quickly steps outside and tries to gather his thoughts, Kennedy approaches him with a smile and says that he is dead. Hornblower says yes, Kennedy says he wasn't referring to Clayton he was referring to the fact that the French have murdered King Louis and that means only one thing: war is coming. The next morning aboard the Justinina, Cleveland and Hether are playing cards while Hornblower seems too be in deep shock and grief over the recent death of Clayton. Kennedy comes down to the Midshipmen's corner, Hether asks what is happening. Kennedy tells them that half the crew is to remain aboard the Justinina, Cleveland and Hether look dismay. Kennedy says, however, that the other half are to transfer. Hether orders Kennedy to tell who got the transfer, Kennedy says that Keene has reccommended their transferral to the HMS Indefatigable. Hether hits the ceiling (literally), while Cleveland tells Hornblower that it's a frigate and it will mean prize money, Hornblower is unresponsive. Kennedy tells them that Clayton always wanted to sail on a frigate. Later that night, Hornblower goes to Keene and tells him that he wishes to remain aboard the Justinina. Keene says, that while he respects Hornblower's loyalty, this is a terrific opportunity for him and that he will accept it whether he likes it or not, he dismisses Hornblower. The next morning, half of the crew (that includes all midshipmen) head for open waters and spot the goodship Indefatigable, Hornblower can't help but smile for the first time in days. When they reach the ship, there is a speech held by the ship's captain Sir Edward Pellew (Robert Lindsay) that ends with a loud "God save the King!" from all the crew, that includes Hornblower who has finally found himself able to speak since the loss of his friend. Hornblower is sent to Pellew's cabin, Pellew is looking over Hornblower's letter of recommendation and tells him that Simpson has recovered but will remain on board the Justinina with Keene, Pellew asks Hornblower if that upsets him but Hornblower isn't sure how to answer. Pellew hopes that Keene will now be a bit wiser and now will be able to notice just what is going on aboard his ship, Hornblower defends his former Captain's actions. Pellew tells Hornblower that's it's not his job to "damn him nor defend him" Hornblower agrees. Pellew tells Hornblower to remember that while a Captain is aboard his own ship, that nothing is out of his control and he will do well to remember that, Hornblower says he will. Pellew goes on in saying that he doesn't judge a man from actions, but his actions have already cost the Navy two men: one injured and one dead. Hornblower protests in saying that nobody mourns Clayton as much as he does, and that he resents that comment. Pellew fights back with a loud (and probably the famous quote from the series) "Damn your impudence,sir!" Hornblower is silent. Pellew gives Hornblower a comission, telling him to never fight another duel and Hornblower agrees to it. Pellew continues and asks Hornblower if he has the opportunity of meeting the seamen aboard the Justinina, Hornblower says he hasn't but he has met them. Pellew tells him that they are all in his charge due thanks to Simpson's injury. Hornblower calls the seamen in for the role call afterwards, their names are as followed, Stevens, Williams, Oldroyd (Simon Sherlock), Matthews (Paul Copley), Finch (Christopher Barnes), and a white-flake-face Styles (whom we've already seen). Hornblower asks Styles what happened to his face, Finch is about to say something but Matthews nudges him as if he is saying for him to stop. Styles says it is only boils, Hornblower asks if he has done anything about them and Styles say he has. Hornblower wishes to know what he has done, Styles says he puts plaster on them. Oldroyd suddenly begins to laugh, Hornblower tells Styles that he and the others will obey him or they will suffer the consquences of disobedience, Hornblower snaps his head and asks Oldroyd what is so funny and Oldroyd says nothing. Hornblower asks Styles if he understands, Styles says he does. As Hornblower walks away, Styles whacks Finch's hat off his head as punishment for almost telling their secret. Suspecting their is something afoul amongst his new crew, Hornblower steps below deck later in the day to investigate, what he discovers is the seamen gambling and they are using rats as the dice, trying to kill them with everything but their hands. Which means that Styles was bitten and did not have boils like he said. Oldroyd says Styles' final count is five, Styles argues that it was six. Oldroyd protests, Styles says that the sixth rat is dead and waves him in front of Oldroyd's face to prove it. Matthews tries to step in between the argument, which almost leads to a fight between the men until Hornblower finally makes his presence known. Hornblower is solemn in expression as he tells the men that he expected more from the likes of them, Styles says they aren't on duty and Hornblower says that they are gambling which is clearly worse. Hornblower asks them if they know the consquences for gambling: they could be condemned or flogged or possibly worse. Styles gives him a foul stare, Hornblower tells him that if he gets one more look like that then he WILL go to Eccleston. Matthews orders for Styles to quit, Styles looks away from Hornblower. Matthews says to Hornblower that Simpson allowed this to happen, Hornblower tells him that Simpson is no longer in charge of them that he is and he wants to see them all on deck front and center. Styles is about to protest, when Hornblower shouts: "I'VE SAID IT AND I MEAN IT" Styles and the others are silent. Hornblower says he wants them all on deck, Matthews (or Styles) asks Hornblower if he is going to go to Lieutenant Eccleston, Hornblower says no because he will give them one last chance to earn his trust but if they do disobey him again then he will, he asks if he is clear and the men agree that he is. Hornblower tells Styles to replaster his face, for Matthews to get rid of the rats, he seems as he is about to order Oldroyd when he simply tells him that the final count was indeed six. Kennedy suddenly comes below deck and orders for the men to head for quarters, there is battle going on! The drums sound as Eccleston, Chadd, Kennedy, and Hornblower move alongside the cannons. They each call for the cannons to fire, they go off and the French simply fight back by letting off one large cannon which kills a few of the men aboard the Indefatigable, Williams has had his leg severed. Hornblower goes to him and orders for Styles to help move him down below, the two carry Williams off and take him below where they lay him on a table. Hornblower, who is getting cleaned up because of a terrible injury to the eye, orders for Hepplewhite to take care of Williams but Hepplewhite is busy removing a stencil from Chadd's arm. Hornblower tells Hepplewhite that if he doesn't do something now that Williams will surely bleed to death, Chadd is about to protest when Williams begins yelling. Chadd tells Hepplewhite to treat Williams, he can wait and Hepplewhite proceeds to do so. Styles and Hornblower return to deck when they realize that the Indefatigable has already won victory, Kennedy races up to Hornblower and tells him that they carried her by boarding and that he killed at least two men, Kennedy tells Hornblower that he should've been there. Hornblower once again finds his mind thinking on the loss of his dear friend, Clayton. Only a few hours later, do we learn that Hornblower's efforts were useless as see a funeral being held for only one man: Davy Williams. After Williams' body is condemned to sea, Styles thanks Hornblower for at least trying to save his friend's life and Hornblower tells him to tell the others that they are welcome. Styles salutes him and walks away, Hornblower says that a salute is a start. But it will take awhile before the seamen can trust him and he them. Later in the week, the Indefatigable comes across a French convoy. Eccleston, who we learn speaks French, tells them that it is indeed a French ship carrying supplies. After the ship is captured, Eccleston proceeds to tell Pellew that there is another French ship, the Marie Gallante, which needs to be under their command. Pellew orders Hornblower to take his men and take command of the Gallante, Kennedy congraluates Hornblower on his first command ever. Hornblower, Styles, Oldroyd, Finch, Matthews, and Stevens climb aboard The Marie Gallante, all they see is a very drunk crew and the stubborn Captain Forget (Vincent Grass). Forget says that he is already wanted in London and he refuses to return to a place where he will very hang, Hornblower says no matter what Forget says he will be sent back to London and he will be hanged, Hornblower orders Styles to stop drinking. Hornblower tells Oldroyd to take Forget's crew down below, Hornblower asks Matthews if he has been at seas the longest, Matthews proudly says he has served for 13 years. Hornblower appoints him as his first mate and orders for them to set sail, Matthews and Styles are not moving. Hornblower asks them what they are waiting for, those were his orders. Matthews suggests that they should put Forget's crew to work as well, Hornblower smiles and says that was his intention. Hornblower warns Matthews that since they are drunk they might refuse, Matthews assures that they can get them to work drunk or sober. A few days later, Hornblower steps into his cabin and something about his compass causes him to mutter a colorful vocabulary. He dozes off and dreams about a dreadful fate for Pellew, when he wakes up he discovers there's a problem. There is a hole in the ship, Hornblower dives in and tries to seal the hole off with netting. It works, for the time being. However, there's another problem arising. There is way too much rice on the ship, everybody knows in order to the survive that they must call "abandon ship" and Hornblower agrees. Hornblower is the last one into the rowboat as he gathers his compass and maps, every watches with heavy hearts as the Marie Gallante is condemend to the ocean depths. So now it's Hornblower & his men, and Forget & his men all in one rowboat. Forget's men are doing all the work, which displeases the French captain. Forget walks over to Hornblower, trying to get a good look at the compass. Hornblower quickly closes it, Forget argues with him and finally holds Hornblower at gunpoint, demmanding the charts & compass. Hornblower hands him the charts with no problem, but things get really heated when Hornblower deliberately tosses the compass overboard and suggests that Forget "fish for it." Forget slaps Hornblower, Styles whips out his gun and is ready to shoot. Hornblower orders that Styles lowers his gun, and he does. Forget keeps a solemn face "That was a foolish thing to do, boy. I might have killed you." Hornblower smiles as he wipes his lips dry of the blood and responds "And forgo the pleasure of crowing at my discomfort? I think not." Hornblower & his men are now at the mercy of Forget, as they continue on their journey. One day, Finch is serving some water to all of the men when he accidentally trips and angers Forget. Forget's men hold Finch as they are about to execute him, Hornblower and the others take out their pistols and Forget argues for them to put them away and so they do and Finch is released. As night falls, Hornblower is awake when he see's the moon dissapearing behind the clouds and with a smile, he falls back asleep. The next morning, Hornblower's men are confused as to why Hornblower gave Forget charge in the first place as they note they are probably heading for France. Hornblower says they will never find the coastline to begin with, since Hornblower himself wrote the wrong direction on the chart meaning that Forget is sailing further away from his destination instead of closer. Suddenly, Forget and one of his men begin arguing and the man is hit and thrown to the floor. Hornblower grabs the pistol off the man and holds it to Forget, where they debate for awhile until the Indefatigable comes into view in order to aid our young Midshipman and take the Frenchies back to London. When they reach the Indefatigable, we see Forget & his men walk off to the brig as the seamen and Hornblower step aboard and congratulated on a job well-done. Hornblower goes to greet Kennedy, when he is suddenly called upon by Pellew. Moments later, Pellew is congratulating Hornblower on a job well-done. When suddenly, a French frigate named the Papillon is spotted. All hands beat to quarters, pretty soon the Papillon vanishes into the mist. When they spot the remains of one of their own ships, not knowing if there are any surviors: Pellew sends Hornblower and a few of his men to search the waters. Hornblower & his crew hop into a rowboat (deja vu) and row into the midst of the ocean. They find a couple of men, clinging onto their life as know it. They are pulled into the boat, Hornblower gives his coat to keep them warm. As he goes to pull in another survivor, he see's a very familiar tattoo spread across the man's knuckle. Their eyes meet. It is indeed Simpson, alive and well. When they come back aboard, all the officers are called to Pellew's cabin where Simpson fakes a few tears and tells them the "tragic" story of how the Justinina was condemned to the ocean. Hornblower and Kennedy watch each other, aware of just how well Simpson can act. Pellew tells Simpson to not distress himself further and he pulls out his maps, saying that the only way to defeat the Papillon is to overtake it. As Eccleston discusses these plans, Hornblower and Kennedy alike begin to become haunted with the voice of Simpson as it rings in their heads. When the map rolls back up, the two jump, obviously coming out of their trances. Pellew orders for Eccleston to take the officers whom are under his command and attack the Papillon, Simpson insists that he comes along due to the fact that he was aboard and knows the ship well. Pellew asks Eccleston on Simpson's behalf, and Eccleston says they would love to have him on this mission and he insists that he will travel with Hornblower and Kennedy. Kennedy is obviously displeased, as is Hornblower. Simpson only shrugs. Later on, Kennedy goes below deck and see's his hat and as he reaches to grab it he hears a voice behind him. He turns to see Simpson, whom tells him just how much he has missed him. As he is about to advance on Kennedy, Hornblower enters the scene. Simpson tells Hornblower that he and Kennedy were only catching up on old times, Hornblower says that these are new times and he has no hold over them whilst aboard the Indefatigable. Simpson says no, he looks at Kennedy and repeats himself. Hornblower excuses himself and Kennedy and they walk away, Simpson watches them in the shadows. As night falls, everyone is preparing to sneak aboard the Papillon. Eccleston observes his men, to be sure they are well-prepared. Hornblower whispers to Kennedy if he is nervous, there is no answer. As the men pile into the rowboats and head for the Papillon, there seems to be no complication in their plan. Until, Kennedy falls to the ground and is obviously having another one of his fits. Everyone is aware if he keeps yelling then he will disturb everyone aboard the Papillon, Matthews and Oldroyd hold him as Hornblower urges him to be quiet and he is unable. Oldroyd gets his hand over Kennedy's mouth but it does not help in any form, Hornblower finally finds a tool, very similiar to the one that Clayton used on his own head, and he clubs Kennedy ultimately knocking him out. They finally reach the Papillon, all of the men begin to quietly climb up the sides of the ship as Hornblower makes it aboard. He tries to be as quiet as possible, however the silence is shortlived when he trips over a bucket. Two guards hear him, and he shoots them dead. The others come aboard and attack the crew of the Papillon, with all this fighting and shouting they realize the important thing is to set the sails. Eccleston sends Hornblower and some of the seamen up to perform this task. So, Hornblower along with Matthews, Finch, and Oldroyd climb up while Eccleston and the others continue to kill the men of the Papillon. While climbing, Stevens tries to get to the sail himself by jumping onto it but Hornblower protests. Stevens attempts and fails, falling to his death. The others make it to the top, and try to find a way across. Chadd and Eccleston are down below and growing deeply worried as to why Hornblower is frozen and not obeying his orders. Hornblower takes a deep breath and begins to walk along the sail, treating it like a balance beam. It doesn't help that he is deathly afraid of heights, or that he if falls he wouldn't survive. Eccleston smiles as Hornblower finally makes it to the other side and he and Finch begin to work untying the sail. Simpson looks up and realizes that Hornblower is once again doing something he finds displeasurable, being the hero. Simpson refuses to see the PERFECT man make it out of this alive, and he knows the perfect way to be rid of him. He grabs a knife off one of the dead officers and cuts the ropes that are keeping the rowboat still, and watches as the rowboat begins to move away with Kennedy in it! Hornblower finally gets the sail prepared when he see's Kennedy unconcious and inside a moving rowboat, this distracts him long enough for Simpson to lift his pistol and shoot Hornblower square in the brow. Hornblower falls into the water, and we believe him to drown. Simpson goes to Eccleston and tells him that the French have fallen back and that the ship is theirs, Eccleston praises God and tells Simpson to give his regards to Hornblower. Simpson reports that Hornblower fell into the water and is most likely dead, Eccleston seems suscpcious. We see Hornblower drifting closer to the bottom of the ocean, when Finch grabs him and rescues him. The next morning, the Indefatigable is on the watch when Pellew see's that the Papillon is about to find itself in a horrid battle. Aboard the Papillon, Finch is cleaning Hornblower's wound when he says that while he was shot he will make a good recovery. Hornblower asks what happened to Kennedy, Styles and Oldroyd inform him that the rowboat nor Kennedy were found. Terribly distraught, Hornblower goes to see a bloodied Eccleston who tells him that those French will do anything to see victory, obviously referring to Hornblower's gun wound. Hornblower says it wasn't a Frenchie who shot him, it was Simpson. Eccleston warns Hornblower that he just made a serious accusation against another officer, Hornblower swears it's the truth. They can hear the sounds of distance cannons, Eccleston quickly tells Hornblower that he will address the matter when they get back aboard the Indefatigable. Suddenly, another cannon fires and hits the Papillon it sends Hornblower flying into the air and he lands. He's a bit brusied but overall in good condition, Matthews helps him to his feet and Hornbower rushes to see if Eccleston is all right. Apparently he isn't, both Chadd and Eccleston are crushed underneath a fallen pole. Eccleston is so out of it that he mistakes Hornblower for Chadd, Hornblower assures him that it's only him as in Mr.Hornblower, Hornblower yells for a surgeon. Eccleston wants to know if Chadd is all right, Bowles checks Chadd for a pulse and alas there is none. Hornblower tells Eccleston that Chadd is dead, Eccleston with what little strength he has leaves his final command. He tells Hornblower that he is Captain of the Papollion, and tells him to make it back to Indefatigable safely. With those final words, Eccleston dies in peace. Hornblower is upset by this sudden loss, however Simpson is less than sympathetic. He orders for both of the bodies to be condemned and to set the sails, Hornblower says that Eccleston left him in charge and tells Bowles to tell Simpson. Bowles reminds Hornblower that Simpson is senior officer, Hornblower argues since he was left orders by a higher ranking than they must fall out. Hornblower orders Matthews and Styles to take Simpson below, but Simpson protests and yells that he is charge. Hornblower stands his ground, he tells Bowles to be sure that Simpson arrives at the brig without a problem and if he gives anybody ANY trouble, he has his permission to shoot him. Simpson is taken to the brig, just as the Papollion is put under attack. With Hornblower as Captain, he barely manages to save the life of his crew & the ship. They arrive back aboard the Indefatigable, Pellew again congraluates him. He sadly says that judging by everything, that Hornblower is in charge and Eccleston is...Hornblower confirms that Eccleston is indeed dead. Pellew sighs and asks how Hornblower sustained such an awful injury. Seconds later, we are in Pellew's cabin. Simpson accuses Hornblower of telling "a damn lie" he apologizes for using such language. Simpson accuses Hornblower of lying just because he cowarded when he was meant to face off with him, Simpson even says he challenged Hornblower once more but he refused. Pellew warns Simpson to not speak out of terms, he tells Simpson that he gave Hornblower a comission which makes him enabled to take part in any form of a duel. Pellew removes the comission but advises Hornblower against it. Hornblower has made up his mind and make this statement: "I maintain the charge against Mr.Simpson, sir! However, since I cannot prove it other than with my body, I have no choice but to accept his challenge!" The next morning, Hornblower is on land. Along with the seamen, Hepplewhite, and Simpson. Another duel is about to be taken underway. Simpson and Hornblower stand back to back, Simpson tries to distract Hornblower by whispering the terrible reminder of Clayton's death and how he will kill him just as he did him. Hornblower does his best to ignore it, trying not to think on Clayton. Simpson says he will also die just as Kennedy did, this gets to Hornblower but not enough to distract him on the task at hand. Hepplewhite tells the men to take ten steps away from each other, they do so. They face each other and lift their pistols, Hepplewhite goes over the rules and asks them if they understand. They both nod. Hepplewhite is able to count to two, before Simpson fires and shoots Hornblower in the shoulder. Hepplewhite argues with Simpson while the others check on Hornblower, Simpson asks if he killed him. Hornblower grunts and picks himself off the ground, he lunges himself at Simpson and attacks him and steals his pistol away. With two pistols in his hand, Hornblower is shocked when Simpson falls to his knees and begs for Hornblower not to shoot him. A sadden Hornblower, fires into the air which shocks Simpson. Hornblower tells Simpson he isn't worth the powder, he turns to walk away. Simpson takes this as an insult and finds his knife, as he races at Hornblower another gunshot rings into the air. Hornblower turns and see's Simpson is shot in the chest, he dies moments later. Who fired? Surely not Hornblower. The camera scans over to the rocks, we see Bowles and Pellew standing together. Bowles asks Pellew if he may congraluate him on an expectional shot, Pellew says he may. Aboard the Indefatigable, Hornblower thanks Pellew for killing Simpson. Pellew accepts his gratitude and then tells Hornblower his own words of wisdom: "You have fought your duel. That is well. Never fight another. That is better." The film comes to its close as Hornblower and Pellew overlook the men of the Indefatigable and sail for another journey.
tt0829193
Crime,Drama,History
1950's. Rural Alabama. Cotton harvest. It's a make-or-break weekend for the Honeydripper Lounge and its owner, piano player Tyrone "Pine Top" Purvis (Danny Glover). Deep in debt to the liquor man, the chicken man, and the landlord, Tyrone is desperate to lure the young cotton pickers and local Army base recruits into his juke joint, away from Touissant's, the rival joint across the way. Sonny (Gary Clark Jr) arrives to the small town of Harmony because he liked the name of the town. He wants to be a musician, and carries the electric guitar he has made himself. The train attendant tells him to go to the Honeydripper for a meal on his behalf, and tells him the history of his one say in prison, in a small town called Liberty. Sonny is rejected by Tyrone: he is the piano player at the Honeydripper, and doesn't feel the need to change things. However, decisions need to be made, and they need to be made fast. After laying off his regular talent, blues singer Bertha Mae Spervin (Dr. Mabel John), Tyrone announces to his sidekick Maceo (Charles S. Dutton) that he has hired the famous electric guitar player, Guitar Sam, for a opecial one night only gig: pack'em in and save the club. Maceo tells him that he will need to pay Guitar Sam upfront with fifty dollars, and he hasn't got such a sum. Maceo has his own problems: Nadine (Davenia McFadden), the local seamstress, is after him to get married. Everybody thinks she's good marriage material, as she cooks well, supports herself as a seamstress, and is always smiling, but Maceo tells the story of her ex-fiancé, whom she hit with a pot because he was unfaithful to her. Back home, Tyrone has the respect of his stephdaughter China Doll (Yaya DaCosta), but not of his wife Delilah (Lisa Gay Hamilton), who is pressured by the local religious minister to get involved in the church up to the point of getting rid of her second husband, who is deemed a bad person. Delilah is the person who cooks at the Honeydripper, but the bar is going so bad financially, that she has to make ends meet by being a servant of the Pughs. Mrs Amanda Winship (Mary Steenburgen) chainsmokes, and talks to Delilah of her husband, who doesn't like her, her cooking and is not an ethical man. Delilah has to listen to all these complains with a soft smile on her lips, as she knows that her second husband is much better than him. However, that opinion is not shared by Reverend Cutlip (Albert Hall), who pushes her to join his church and leave. The main reason is the pervading rumour that Pine Top killed one a man because of a pretty girl (Pacey Walker). Sonny is put into prison by Sheriff Pugh (Stacy Keach), and is forced to pick cotton on the fields of corrupt Judge Gatlin (Danny Vinson), who pays sheriff Pugh three dollars a day for each handpick he can provide. Sonny hasn't done anything illegal, but just being in Harmony without a job is reason enough. Other handpicks tell Sonny how to do the job and how to take it easy. Other handpickers are busy fighting with each other (Vondie Curtis-Hall, Nagee Clay and Absalom Adams) Bertha Mae dies. Luther (Brian D. Williams) used to be supported by her. He's organizing the funeral and tells the minister that lately she only lived for the Honeydripper performance. Tyrone is lef with the body, and has the temptation to steal one of her rings to pay for several things he needs to pay: the rent, of which he owes the owner two weeks; the whiskey, which he has stolen telling the delivery driver (Larry Coker) that he was Tussaint. However, he refrains himself in the last second. Once in a while, Pine Top talks to Possum (Keb' Mo') a vagrant guitar player who is blind. Because of his blindness, Possum is ignored by the white folks and is not forced to work in the cotton fields. On the day of the show, the train arrives and Guitar Sam is no where to be found, an event foresaw by Possum, who tells Tyrone that his luck won't change because of anybody going out from that train. Tyrone is forced to take drastic action. He makes a deal with Sheriff Pugh to release Sonny. The price is costly for Tyrone, though, as he is forced to accept sheriff Pugh as a co-owner in the Honeydripper. Pugh is obsessed with Delilah's homecooking. Although throughout the film the audience is lead to believe that Pugh is after Delilah's herself with comments with "I prefer dark meat", at the end it only means that Pugh's wife is a horrible cook, so he prefers Delilah's for a change. Fortunately, Delilah has finally decided to leave Cutlip's church and appears on the nick of time to cook for Pugh. Tyrone cleans Sonny up and launches a last ditch scheme to pass off the young guitar picker as Guitar Sam just long enough to cut the lights and run off with cash box. When Sonny takes the stage and launches into his first scalding electric licks, Tyrone will learn if its lights are out for the Honeydripper or if his luck has changed: he might just be another man saved by rock n' roll. It's Sonny himself who takes care of the fuse, so they won't burn out during his performance. Even Possum has appeared to play with Sonny. One of the customers calls Sonny a fake, but he says that the customer is confusing him with Creole Sam, and the rest of the party-goers shoo the customer away. Tyrone has some more tasks to do: he prevents the gun and knife fight between the handpickers. He puts them both out. He remembers how he killed a young man. The last scene is old Toussaint (James Crittenden), who admits his defeat. When the owner of the place arrives to collect his rent, on Saturday evening, as agreed, he is adamant that he'll put Pine Top out of business sooner of later, but at that moment he anounces that Pugh is the new investor. At that moment, the owner knows that, he won't ever be able to evict Tyrone, and looking at Pugh - who's feeding himself like a pig with Delilah's homecooking - he mutters that the place must be really something important for Tyrone.
tt0446667
Biography,Drama,History
Biopic about the life of Che Guevara. The story centres during the years of Sierra Maestra, from the landing of the Granma until the arrival of "the bearded ones". When the Che is captured in Bolivia, he is conducted to prison, where he remembers his life, the revolution, and his women.
tt0113463
Biography,Drama,History
An understated chronicle of events with a brilliant cast. American actor Nick Nolte portrays Thomas Jefferson during the five year period from 1784 to 1789 when Jefferson served as a diplomat stationed in Paris. In 1785, Thomas Jefferson became the United States Minister to France, at the dawn of the French Revolution. The story begins decades later in the Midwestern United States where a journalist has traveled considerable distance to interview Jefferson's wayward son Madison Hemings (James Earl Jones). Hemings reveals many details, primarily that Jefferson died bankrupt. His mother Sally and his uncle James were actually the half siblings of Jefferson's late spouse Martha. Although not depicted in film, Jefferson's father-in-law John Wales was a Virginia slave trader, attorney and statesman. Wales had bequeathed his estate and his slaves to Jefferson upon his death in 1773. Also not depicted, Martha and Thomas Jefferson had six children of which only two daughters survived to adulthood. Jefferson arrives in Paris with his eldest surviving daughter, Martha "Patsy" Jefferson (Gwyneth Paltrow) and enrolls her into the care of an academy for girls. The academy is part of the Catholic Church and as a Protestant, Jefferson's daughter Patsy is regarded among other Non-Catholic girls to remain of her own beliefs and free will. Jefferson's presence in Europe finds him representing the United States with an insolvent Congress and significant debt to the French military for their support and alliance during the American Revolution. He is introduced in time to many dignitaries including the adversarial Ambassador to Britain (Anthony Valentine), and the Monarchs of France, King Louis XVI (Michael Lonsdale) and Queen Marie Antoinette (Charlotte de Turckheim). Jefferson also appeals to Dutch bankers and requests substantial loans to keep the American Government viable. The costumes and pageantry of the French elite seem to be rather parody at times but the film supports the pivotal moments, of the one individual who achieved most of America's success in world history. This film would be superb viewing for high school and college students. A challenge of maturity to look beyond the prissy male aristocrats and search for the more important political victories and failures. The pageantry emphasizes stark contrast between the French elite and the common people. Most of the subjects of the French Empire are starving and frustrated peasants. The king and queen appear frequently at intervals, but appear to remain alive in France during Jefferson's tenure as a U.S. Ambassador. The common people also appear often while the French Revolution progressively gains momentum. James Hemings (Seth Gilliam) is an educated slave and manservant. He is assigned to work among scholar chefs in Jefferson's kitchen and home. His young French colleagues introduce him to distilled spirits which he rejects at first claiming to have no money, but is offered anyhow. As there are no slaves in France. James approaches Jefferson about being compensated and Jefferson agrees. James continues to indulge and soon has a reputation for spending all of his money. United States laws prohibit the education of slaves but James proves already to be highly learned. James follows his ears as his duties to and from the presence of Jefferson and other statesmen increase his knowledge that he is not a slave in France. Patsy becomes homesick and depressed like her father. She pleas for Jefferson to send for his younger daughter Polly. Patsy vows to care for Polly as would a sister and a mother. Polly (Estelle Eonnet) arrives in Paris with Jefferson's teenage slave and maidservant Sally Hemings (Thandy Newton). Nick Nolte performs a superb portrayal of Thomas Jefferson as a vibrant statesman and a passionate human being. He is attracted to and pursued by Maria Cosway (Greta Scacchi), the wife of nobleman Richard Cosway (Simon Callow). Jefferson's flights of fancy with Maria result in his sustaining injury (broken wrist) while horseback riding. Director James Ivory brings the audience intimately into Jefferson's dreams, nightmares and human nature. Jefferson is a widower battling with depression who's physical and emotional pain are dynamically illustrated in cinema. Sally's loyal servitude and tenderness build an undeniable love and affection between these two human beings. Time and circumstance arise up toward confrontation among all the women in Jefferson's complicated life. As a motion picture, "Jefferson in Paris" is a strong, meaningful and amazing visual experience. Many viewers of this film may jump to the obvious conclusions of slavery, polygamy and children born out of wedlock, particularly the multi-racial children of American slaves. But Thomas Jefferson confronts everything from family to politics with courage and charisma. Jefferson's stature is invincible. When he is confronted with Sally's pregnancy by her brother James, he calls in the presence of his eldest daughter Patsy to hold the Holy Bible while Jefferson swears a solemn oath to eventually emancipate James and Sally in due time, after they return to Virginia. The film ends with printed credits about Jefferson's political future and his controversial relationship with Sally Hemings. The remainder of this synopsis is not depicted in film but is important to consider... Jefferson returned to Virginia in 1789 with his two daughters: Patsy and Pollly; and his two slaves Sally and James. Immediately upon his return, President Washington wrote to him asking him to accept a seat in his Cabinet as Secretary of State. Jefferson accepted the appointment serving from 1790 - 1793. Jefferson ran for President in 1796. As the Democratic-Republican presidential candidate, Jefferson lost to John Adams, but had enough electoral votes to become Vice President (1797-1801). A new revolution in 1800, Thomas Jefferson and Arron Burr were elected in a tied number of electoral votes. In February of 1801, after thirty-six ballots, the House elected Jefferson President and Burr Vice President. Jefferson owed his election victory to the South's inflated number of Electors, which counted slaves under the three-fifths compromise. Jefferson was sworn in by Chief Justice John Marshall at the new Capitol in Washington DC. Unlike Washington, who arrived at his inauguration in a stagecoach drawn by six cream colored horses, Jefferson arrived alone on horseback without guard or escort. He was dressed in plain attire and, after dismounting, retired his own horse to the nearby stable. As president, Jefferson used his influence to bring Ohio into the Union in 1802, the first state under the Northwest Ordinance prohibiting slavery. In Congress, Jefferson had authored the Ordinance of 1787 in Congressional committee under the Articles of Confederation. He was therefore instrumental in prohibiting slavery not only to new territories, but in the new states to come beginning with Ohio. In 1803, Jefferson authorized the Louisiana Purchase, a major land acquisition from France that doubled the size of the United States. His diplomatic and missionary duties to the United States of America while serving five years in Europe created a catalyst that solidified the new world. President for two four year terms. Jefferson was a peaceful leader, but as Commander in Chief he responded swiftly against the Ottoman Empire. He refused to pay the high tributes demanded by the Barbary states while they were seizing American merchant ships and enslaving the crews for high ransoms. It was the first declared war the United States fought on foreign land and seas. The United States Marine Corps conquest on the shores of Tripoli were under the command of President Thomas Jefferson. Jefferson rose up to many challenges for which he struggled financially both in government and in person. Standing nearly 6 foot 3 inches, Jefferson was a big, tall and compelling man who's physical presence and academic genius made him a powerful and respected acquaintance, friend and ally in the enlightened free world. Biographer James Parton said Thomas Jefferson could "calculate an eclipse, survey an estate, tie an artery, plan an edifice, try a cause, break a horse, dance a minuet, and play the violin (which he does repeatedly in this film)." Actor Nick Nolte's cinematic image sustains well in everything ever wrote about Thomas Jefferson, the most incredible man of his time. Thomas Jefferson epitomized revolutionary ideals. The film "Jefferson in Paris" presents Thomas Jefferson as a very elegant yet simple man who's diplomacy and rhetoric, prevailed masterfully above and beyond his character imperfections. Thomas Jefferson was the most talented copywriter and calligrapher of his time... maybe of all time, considering his eloquently beautiful compositions. He was the principal author of The Declaration of Independence. One of the most amazing visualizations of the film "Jefferson in Paris" is his use of an ingenious linkage of hinged wood armatures, which accurately follows his writing on a second page, with a second pen and inkwell.
tt0932661
History,War
Set in the final days of World War II, in the midst of fierce fighting on the Eastern Front. As the Western Allies and the Russian Red Army make their advance toward Berlin, a British Army Officer attached to the Red Army discovers a secret that can shatter the unity of the Allies. Seized by Stalin's dreaded Intelligence Service, he finds unexpected help from an enemy and fellow prisoner, a German Captain. A common bond binds the two Officers by honor, oath and secrets. Joined by Anna, a beautiful Polish nurse cast adrift in the tides of war, the three are pursued by a ruthless Russian Intelligence Officer intent on preventing them from reaching Allied Command with their secret that could change the course of the war and the fate of millions. Brother's War was co-written by Warren Lewis (Black Rain, The 13th Warrior), with an impressive score from veteran composer Christopher Ward (Pearl Harbor, Speed). [D-Man2010] Filmmaker Jake Rademacher sets out to understand the experience, sacrifice, and motivation of his two brothers serving in Iraq, risking everything--including his life--to tell his brothers' story. Jake embeds with four combat units in Iraq and is given unprecedented access to U.S. and Iraqi combat units that takes him behind the camouflage curtain with secret reconnaissance troops on the Syrian border, into sniper "Hide Sites" in the Sunni Triangle, through raging machine gun battles with the Iraqi Army. He also follows his brothers home where separations and life-threatening work ripple through their parents, siblings, wives and children. [D-Man2010]
tt1820723
Action,Adventure,History
Young Jim Hawkins is the only one who can sucessfully get a schooner to a legendary Island known for burried Treasure. But aboard the ship is a mysterious cook named John Silver, Whose true motivation on the journey challenges Jim's trust in the entire crew.
tt1835977
Comedy,Drama,Family
Dylan Shoenfield is the pink princess of the upscale Los Angeles Woodlands Academy. She has the coolest boyfriend, the most popular friends, and a brand-new it bag that everyone covets. But when she accidentally tosses her Serge Sanchez bag into a fountain, this princess comes face-to-face with her own personal frog, self-professed film geek Josh Rosen. In return for rescuing Dylans bag, Josh convinces Dylan to let him film her for his documentary on high school popularity. Reluctantly, Dylan lets F-list Josh into her A-list world, and is shocked to realize that sometimes nerds can be pretty cool. But when Dylans so-called prince charming of a boyfriend dumps her flat, her life and her social status comes to a crashing halt. Can Dylan win the Woodlands Academy Fall Formal Leaf Queen crown? Can Josh win the Woodlands Academy 10th Annual Film Festival? Can Dylan, with Joshs help, pull the pieces together to create her own happily-ever-after? Official released Synopsis
tt0431170
Biography,Drama,History
As narrated by his mother, this movie is a re-enactment of events in the life of Joseph Smith as it pertains to the restoration and growth of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. Set in upstate New York, the movie portrays pivotal events include the first vision where Joseph saw God, the father and his son Jesus Christ; the visit of the angel Moroni and the bringing forth of the Book of Mormon; The visit of John the Baptist and the restoration of the priesthood; The building of the Kirtland Temple. The movie portrays the western migration of the faithful saints and the difficulties they endured as they endeavored to live their lives in the midst of persecution by those that do not understand them. The death of Joseph Smith at the hands of a mob in Missouri is a culminating event in the movie. The closing scenes of this movie portray Joseph Smith's mother bearing her witness of the truth of the events in her son's life that established the church and her faith in Brigham Young as he was leaving to lead the members to safety in the valley of the Great Salt Lake.
tt2287663
Drama,Romance
Emma and Dean attend the same high school. They couldn't be more different. Emma is beautiful and popular, while Dean is a loner and often sarcastic. A school trip to Trinidad is organized so that the students can help the local community. The class arrives at the island. They head out to a carnival party on a boat. At one point, the boat is stopped by the authorities. Emma is accidentally knocked overboard. Dean jumps in to rescue her. However, bad weather means they need to take shelter under a tarp. The next morning they find themselves adrift in the middle of the sea. They spot an island and are able to swim to safety. But this is just the beginning of a their adventure. They start wondering around in a hope to find a hotel/resort leaving the boat drifting at shore. Walking all day through the forest on island, they reach complete another end without finding any help. Upset with this they come back to find that there boat has gone and only one flare gun is left with 2 bullets. They built a shelter on the shore again wishing that someone would come finding them. On another side, both Dean and Emma's Parents with the help of Police are trying to find them but they couldn't locate them even searching again and again through helicopter. Finally after a month, their parents and all of their friends leave the hope of Emma and Dean coming back alive thinking they are dead already. The days passes by on the island with Emma and Dean eating fruits from the forest and staying together under a shelter. Through this, Emma and Dean befriends with each other and Dean tells her that he stays quiet at the school because he thinks that nobody neither acknowledge him nor notices him. He and his father stays alone at home since his mother died some years back. Emma discovers other side of Dean which is fun and adventurous. After near a month, they hear sound of a helicopter passing by. Excited with it they run towards the shore and does everything possible to grab the attention They could not locate their flare gun (which is stolen by a Capuchin on a tree) and due to this they miss the chance. Emma gets angry and frustrated thinking that they would never be able to reach home. Dean tries to sooth her which ends as both have sex. Their parents thinking they are dead and Emma and Dean having fun - the schedule goes such a way for almost 100 days after which finally one day another helicopter passes by and this time using the flare gun (which the Capuchin returned) they grab the attention and are returned home. But in middle of all attention given to Emma (because of her popularity), Dean is left alone. He tries to speak to her but she couldn't because of the crowd (although it looks like Emma herself does not want to talk to him). There comes the prom night, where everyone but Emma have a Date. Dean's father asks him if he wants to go to the prom night in his father's tux. Dean decides to go to Emma. Emma finds him standing outside in the rain and goes to him. They clear their differences with a kiss. The movie ends when Emma says to Dean: "We are pouring!" and Dean replies : "We've been to worse"
tt1930315
Drama
Cyberbully follows Taylor Hillridge (Emily Osment), a teenage girl who falls victim to online bullying, and the cost it nearly takes on her and her family. Taylor is a pretty 17-year-old high school student but a little awkward, and painfully aware of it. When her mom gives her a computer for her birthday, Taylor is excited by the prospect of freedom and the independence of going online without her mother always looking over her shoulder. However, Taylor soon finds herself the victim of betrayal and bullying while visiting a social website, and afraid to face her peers at school, including her best friend (Kay Panabaker), she is pushed to a breaking point. Taylor's mom, Kris (Kelly Rowan), reels from the incident and takes on the school system and state legislation to help prevent others from going through the same harrowing ordeal as her daughter.
tt0475293
Comedy,Drama,Family
It's New Years Eve, and two students from separate lives are celebrating with their families at a ski resort. Gabriella Montez (Vanessa Hudgens) is blackmailed by her mother (Socorro Herrera) into attending the teen party by holding her book hostage, while Troy Bolton (Zac Efron) is stopped halfway through his basketball practice with his father, the high school basketball coach, Coach Bolton (Bart Johnson) by his mother (Leslie Wing), who has party plans, and also makes Troy attend the kids party. Troy and Gabriella both walk into the party uncertainly, as neither want to be there. Gabriella settles down with her book, until she and Troy are randomly picked to sing karaoke ["Start of Something New"]. They start slow and shy, but after a moment, with the crowd roaring behind them, they lose themselves in the music, blowing everyone away with how beautiful they sound together. After the song, they walk outside to watch the snow fall, where they tell each other that neither have ever sung professionally before. Sparks are obviously flying, so as the midnight countdown ends, they exchange numbers and part to wish their families a happy new year. Sometime later, Troy is shown arriving at his high school, East High in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Troy is East High's primo boy; attractive, popular, and the star of the basketball team. As Troy settles into his Homeroom, we see Gabriella and her mother being shown around the school by the principal, Principal Matsui (Joey Miyashima). We learn that Gabriella's mother's company has transferred her to New Mexico, and that Gabriella was known at her other schools as the freaky genius girl. With a kiss, her mother sends her off to class. Gabriella happens to walk into the same homeroom as Troy, though she doesn't notice him until he, catching barely a glimpse of her, calls her cell phone. Gabriella sees that the call is from Troy, right before Miss Darbus (Alyson Reed), their eccentric Homeroom teacher/Drama club president reprimands her for her cell phone, welcoming her to East High with detention. Hearing a cell phone go off, the rich, spoiled, self-centered, narcissistic, privileged and powerful Drama-Nazi Evans twins, Sharpay (Ashley Tisdale) and Ryan (Lucas Grabeel) naturally assume it's one of their phones ringing, pulling them out and earning themselves detention, also. When Chad Danforth (Corbin Bleu), Troy's best friend and fellow basketball star. objects to Troy's punishment by saying he'll miss basketball practice, Miss Darbus awards him 15 minutes of detention as well, and another 15 are handed out to Taylor McKessie (Monique Coleman), Chemistry Club, Scholastic Decathalon team president and general brain, when she makes a snarky remark about Chad not being able to count high enough to count his 15 minutes. Homeroom lets out, and Troy confronts Gabriella, saying that he can't believe she's here of all places, and warning her that his friends know about the snowboarding he did on vacation, just not the singing. As the two walk around, they end up in front of the sign-up list for the spring musical. Sharpay shows up and tries to flirt with Troy, before signing up on the audition list so largely that there's barely room for anyone else. She makes a condescending remark to Gabriella (There are a lot of *supporting* roles in the show. I'm sure we can find something for you.), who walks away. After another failed attempt to flirt with Troy, Sharpay walks away, and Troy takes another longing look at the sign-up sheet before heading to free period basketball practice. While Troy struggles with his desire to sing against the expectations of his friends, who see him as only The Basketball Guy ["Get'cha Head in The Game"], Sharpay confronts Gabriella in Chemistry, telling her that it's not like Troy to associate with new students. While Sharpay is talking, Gabriella corrects their chemistry teacher's (Irene Santiago) complex equations, which doesn't go unnoticed by Taylor and Sharpay. Afterwards, Sharpay and Ryan do a little research on Gabriella. They find online articles about Gabriella leading past school's academic teams to multiple victories. Ryan refers to her as an Einstein-ette. Sharpay isn't concerned with her interest in the musical auditions, but to safeguard the situation, she prints out the articles and sticks them in Taylor's locker. At detention, all students are subjected to helping the stagehands prepare for the musical, by building sets and painting props. Taylor runs up to Gabriella, telling her that she's accepted and that with her on Scholastic Decathalon team, they'll surely win. Gabriella rejects this, saying that she needs time to adjust before she joins any clubs or teams, but Sharpay walks up and encourages her to participate, though only for her own selfish reasons. Meanwhile in the gym, Coach Bolton sees that his two star players are absent, and finds out from the rest of his players that they're in Detention, Darbus style. He goes and fetches them, which angers Miss Darbus. Coach Bolton pleads with Principal Matsui, saying that if they have to serve detention, they can do it after basketball practice. Miss Darbus argues that they shouldn't receive special treatment simply because they're athletic stars, and that if they were theater performers, they certainly wouldn't have allowances made for them. This is apparently an argument that has been ongoing; since the two started working at the school. Principal Matsui claims impartiality, but clearly favors Coach Bolton and the near-championship basketball team. Back in practice, Coach Bolton reinforces that the team doesn't exist unless every single member is 100% focused on the games, twisting Troy's mind even further. During this time, Gabriella asks Taylor about Troy, and she insists that the intellectuals live in a completely separate world from 'Troy the Basketball Boy'. Back at home, Troy and the Coach are practicing yet again, and when Troy asks about doing something different but being afraid of what his friends might think, Coach tells him that if that happens, they're not really his friends, which seems to comfort Troy for a moment, before Coach goes on to say that he needs to stick with the team. The next day in homeroom, Miss Darbus reminds the class about the musical auditions during free period. Chad meets up with Troy in the hall and mentions that the team is planning a free period practice. Troy however, skips out with the excuse that he's behind on homework. Chad doesn't believe him, stating that they've only been back two days, and that he's not even behind on homework yet, and he's been behind on homework since preschool. Troy laughs it off, and walks away, but Chad, not giving up that easily, follows him on a wild goose chase through the school, eventually getting thrown off his trail. Troy ends up at auditions, hiding in the very back of the auditorium behind a janitor's cart. He watches as several people audition, with various levels of mediocrity. Gabriella sneaks up on him, and they both admit that they want to audition and sing, but they're too scared. They both take refuge in the very last row and watch as Ryan and Sharpay perform a jazzy, upbeat, incredibly over-the-top rendition of the audition song ["What Ive Been Looking For"]. Its clear that they're miles above everyone else, and the twins are well aware. Kelsi Neilson (Olesya Rulin), the show's timid and shy composer tells Sharpay that she wrote the song as a slow ballad, and Sharpay snaps at her, reminding her that shes been in 17 school productions, and this is the first time anyone has ever acknowledged Kelsi's writing, therefore she is "not to offer direction, suggestion or commentary, and that she should be thankful that Sharpay and Ryan are there to lift her music out of its current obscurity". Kelsi, of course agrees, terrified of Sharpay. Sharpay and Ryan, confident in their performance, leave the theater, and Miss Darbus calls for any last-minute auditions. Gabriella, in a moment of confidence, steps up to audition. Miss Darbus says that she doesn't have a partner and that singles auditions are long over. Troy also steps forward, willing to audition with Gabriella to give her her shot. Miss Darbus refuses, however, saying that free period is over and leaves the auditorium. Troy and Gabriella see Kelsi trip over the piano onstage, sending her sheet music flying everywhere. They both rush to help her gather her things and make sure she's okay. Troy shows her kindness and courtesy, something Gabriella didn't expect from the school's star. Kelsi offers to show them how the duet should sound, and they sing along, just listening to the music and having fun ["What Ive Been Looking For (Reprise)"]. Suddenly, Miss Darbus shows up and tells them that she's accepting them for a callback, telling Kelsi to work with them to prepare them. Troy looks at the music he's given in disbelief, not fathoming that he actually just auditioned for a musical. The next morning, Sharpay is left squealing as she reads the callback list, shocked at the competition. Chad and the rest of the basketball team, including the flighty, empty-headed Jason Cross (Ryne Sanborn), and the tall, Sharpay-infatuated Zeke Baylor (Chris Warren) walk up to revel in Sharpay's anger, but when they see Troy's name on a musical list, they themselves are shocked and disbelieving. At lunch that day, students from all kinds of cliques, inspired by Troy's courage to pursue singing, confess that they have hobbies outside their pre-determined personas ["Stick to The Status Quo"], or as Chad explains, "people suddenly think that they can do other stuff; stuff that's not *their* stuff". A skater confesses that he plays the cello, Martha Cox (KayCee Stroh), a brainiac reveals that she loves hip-hop dancing, and even the basketball team's own Zeke comes clean about his own secret passion; he bakes. Sharpay and Ryan are horrified that the entire school is changing, and as Sharpay walks over to confront Gabriella, Gabriella slips on spilled milk and ends up throwing her chili cheese fries on Sharpay, much to everyone's horror. Sharpay tells Miss Darbus that Gabriella and Troy have teamed up with the intention of ruining the musical. Chad expresses his disgust over Troy's desire to sing, claiming that they've got a championship play-off game in a week, and Troy's got his head stuck in the theater. Miss Darbus warns Coach Bolton that giving every student a fair chance is tradition in theater, so she's allowing Troy to go through with his callback, but is skeptical of underlying intentions. Coach Bolton simply laughs, saying "Troy doesn't even sing". Taylor reveals to Gabriella just how competitive Sharpay is; nobody has beaten her out for an audition since preschool, and that if she could figure out how to play both Romeo and Juliet, Ryan himself would be screwed out of a job. Later that day, Troy invites Gabriella up to the science club's secret rooftop garden, where they discuss how happy they feel singing together, and that regardless of what everyone else thinks or how they feel, they both want to go through with the callbacks. Troy and Gabriella start regularly practicing with Kelsi, and they also regularly help out with stagehand duties, causing Troy to miss basketball practice. Troy shows up in the gym just as practice lets out, but stays behind to work on his free throws. Gabriella joins him shortly, and they flirt back and forth, until Coach Bolton makes her leave, calling her Troy's detention buddy to her face and telling her that it's a closed practice until the last player leaves the gym. Gabriella leaves, feeling the cold front from Coach Bolton. But Troy defends her, telling his father that she's a nice girl, just a girl, to which the coach replies that Troy's not just a guy; he's the playmaker, not a singer. Troy responds angrily, saying that he can be both, and storms out, not seeing the whole team huddled outside the gym listening. Chad pushes the issue on Troy while they're in the library, reminding him that he is Troy's most loyal best friend (while also blaming the loud speaking on Troy when confronted by the librarian), and that the road of a basketball star will land him on cereal boxes, while being a musical star will someday plunge him into obscurity. While Chad sees Troy gradually drifting away from the team, Taylor assumes that Gabriella is too preoccupied with the callbacks to focus on the Scholastic Decathalon team. They team up to pry Troy and Gabriella apart. Chad stages an intervention for Troy, who, unaware that he's being filmed and watched by Gabriella and the Scholastic Decathalon team, tells the boys that the callbacks and Gabriella are not important, that he'll forget about them and focus 100% on their upcoming game. Gabriella sheds a tear watching Troy, which immediately strikes guilt in Taylor, who excuses the Scholastic Decathalon team, leaving Gabriella alone. She looks out the window to see Troy laughing and smiling at a lunchtime pep rally. She walks through the school, berating herself for thinking Troy was her miracle ["When There Was Me and You"]. When Troy (oblivious to the scheme) walks up to her with a smile, she explains that she doesn't want to do the callbacks, either, and that now they've both got their teams. Troy is confused about her sudden change of heart, but when he tries to get her to explain, she just hands him her copy of their callback song's sheet music and walks away. In the days that follow, Taylor and Chad see Troy and Gabriella drifting apart from their teams, not eager to talk to anyone and even eating lunch at secluded tables by themselves. They decide to confess. Zeke, Chad and Jason tell Troy that they're gonna change their attitude and support him in whatever he wants to do, offering him fresh-baked cookies before telling him the truth about why Gabriella refuses to speak to him. Taylor and the Scholastic Decathalon team tell Gabriella the truth, but she hears none of it, still upset by Troy's betrayal. Troy goes to Gabriella's house to apologize, but Gabriella refuses to see him. In a last ditch effort, Troy calls Gabriella and quickly explains that he was only saying what he knew would shut the team up, that he didn't mean any of it and that he was more himself on vacation than in school. Gabriella is still reluctant to agree to do the callbacks, saying that it's throwing the whole school out of whack. Troy admits that he doesn't care about what anyone else thinks: his friends, the other students, or even his father. He tells Gabriella that she's gotta accept the pairs audition, because he's delivered it personally. Gabriella turns around to see Troy has climbed his way up to the balcony of her bedroom. He sings a line of "Start of Something New" to her, and with a soft smile, she takes the sheet music from his hand. The next day at school, Troy and Gabriella are both back in their element, only this time with unconditional support from their respective teams. They both run from their practices to meet up and rehearse with Kelsi, where they're overheard by Ryan and Sharpay. The twins, appalled at how amazing Troy and Gabriella sound, use their positions as co-presidents of the Drama Club to convince Miss Darbus to switch the callback time to Friday at 3:30, coincidentally the same time as the championship game and the Scholastic Decathalon. Kelsi overhears this, and reveals their plan to Troy, Gabriella and Co., who all agree to work together to sort this out and make it work. That Friday, the excitement is in the air for everyone. Showing their support for one another, Zeke has baked a Pi cake for the Scholastic Decathalon team, who trick the basketball team into thinking their gift is an equation before showing them a mural and bombarding them with stuffed basketballs. The basketball team bring Sharpay and Ryan into the hall to show them their surprise (They've spelled "Go Drama Club!" With their t-shirts). Miss Darbus looks on in amusement, saying that it's sure to be an interesting afternoon. The Drama Club meet in the auditorium for the callbacks, Sharpay and Ryan performing a song about doing whatever it takes to succeed ["Bop to The Top"], while the Scholastic Decathalon team start out their competition on an excellent note, with Gabriella solving the first equation, and the basketball team working hard against their cross-town rivals, the West High Knights. About halfway through the game, Taylor and Gabriella send a signal through the electrical system that sends the lights and scoreboard in the gym into overdrive, letting Troy slip out unnoticed, followed by his team when an evacuation from the gym is ordered. A signal is also sent to a hot plate in the Decathalon space, boiling a chemical and producing a noxious gas, allowing Gabriella and her team the same escape. Miss Darbus calls for Troy and Gabriella to perform twice, but they're late to their callbacks. Kelsi runs offstage in disappointment, moments before Troy and Gabriella rush in. Miss Darbus is adamant about refusing to let Troy and Gabriella sing, until she sees the crowd they've drawn to see their audition. Kelsi comes back and stands up to Sharpay, getting in her face after Sharpay tries to make her step down as Troy and Gabriella's pianist. Miss Darbus, impressed by Kelsi's sudden courage, allows the audition after all. As the music begins and Gabriella looks out at the kids, she freezes, until Troy tells her to keep her eyes on him and only him. They make it through their song ["Breaking Free"], moving the entire school, Gabriella's mom and Troy's dad, who have all turned up to watch them sing. The scene cuts to the final seconds of the basketball game, where Troy steals the ball and runs it down court to score the winning shot. Gabriella hugs him afterward, announcing that the Scholastic Decathalon team won their meet, as well. Just as they're about to share their first kiss, Chad presents Troy the game ball, to Troy's annoyance. Chad then grabs Taylor and asks her to the afterparty, which she squeals about with Gabriella. Sharpay walks up, saying that she's accepted that she's been cast as Gabriella's understudy, and even wishes her good luck in the show. However, she's still cold to Zeke when he tries to give her some cookies, which Ryan accepts for her. Troy turns his game ball over to Kelsi, who looks a little nervous and misplaced by suddenly being in the spotlight, until Jason walks up, tosses off her hat to let her hair down and assists her in a free throw. Afterwards, everyone sings together and dances, a song about sticking together and relying on each other ["We're All In This Together"]. After the credits roll and the gym is mostly deserted except for Zeke, Sharpay runs in with a cookie in her mouth, telling Zeke they're the best things she's ever tasted and begs him to make her more, running after him and nearly tackling him in a bear hug. His response is that he might even make her a créme brulée, and she giggles.
tt1510938
Drama
Set in a New York tenement apartment, the story focuses on two very different men a deeply religious black ex-con (Samuel L. Jackson) who thwarts the suicide attempt of an asocial white college professor (Tommy Lee Jones) who tried to throw himself in front of an oncoming subway train, The Sunset Limited.
tt1679235
Comedy
Johanna "Jo" Mitchell is a 17-year-old tomboy, who lives with her father, who works as a race car driver for NASCAR. The first day of school, she explains that she wants to avoid high school drama, and already knows some of the mean-spirited cliques to expect when going to North Shore High School. Then she introduces the school's most popular clique, "The Plastics" (from the first Mean Girls movie). This time "The Plastics" consist of Amanda "Mandi" Weatherly, a rich snobish girl who lives down the street from Jo; Chastity Meyer, a seemingly slow-witted blond with a raging libido who is known to randomly hook up with guys (even those less popular than she); and Hope Plotkin, a snobbish hypochondriac who seems to suck up to Mandi the most. (These "Plastics" despite the original members who wore sexier clothes and dressed "sluttier". The new "Plastics" are more preppy and wear more floral outfits). Jo is set to pretty much avoid The Plastics and she then meets Abigail "Abby" Hanover, a tortured artist who is actually neighbors with Mandi (they have been competing since they were little kids because Abby is a lot richer than Mandi's family). Abby tells Jo she is apart of the very small welcoming committee and then a teacher trips, accidentally throwing his shake on Abby. Jo at this point feels very sorry for Abby. Jo takes a shop class with a boy named Tyler DuPont, and she begins to have a small attraction to him despite his slight sexism, so she proves she can really be one of the guys by taking over the project. Mandi wonders about Jo's status as the new girl in school. Abby later makes her situation worse by parking in The Plastics parking space, and then Mandi and the rest of The Plastics do stuff like smashing lunch in her face, and paint balling her sports car. Later, Jo gives Abby a ride home and she meets Abby's father, info-mercial king Sydney Hanover. Sydney offers Jo college tuition for being a friend to his lonely daughter. Jo accepts and begins to become closer to Abby. She and Tyler also go on a date, where they kiss, but the car is bugged by a voice recorder and Jo's revelation of how she hasn't had any boyfriends despite moving around alot and also being a virgin is heard. Jo gets angry at Tyler, and a trio of girls who aren't as popular reveal they had sex with the same guy and they wish they waited for sex like Jo has. Abby also tells Jo that Tyler is actually Mandi's step-brother. After Jo and Tyler are labeled "hottest couple", a dissaproving Mandi begins pranking Jo by messing with her project which affects her acceptance into her dream college, Carnegie Mellon University. Then Mandi goes too far by filling Jo's dad's racecar with coffee and "skinny and sweet" (a type of artificial sweetener "The Plastics" use). Jo then decides to get revenge on Mandi by having a party at Abby's house the same night of Mandi's birthday party. More people show up to Abby's party and Quinn, a nerdy fellow outcast student, shows some disdain to how un-fancy the party is as opposed to how Mandi would have a party. The Plastics find out about the party and Hope uses some ipecac to put on the pizza served to make the guests throw up. Abby and Jo quickly get rid of the tainted pizza and she serves one slice to Nick, Mandi's boyfriend. Then Jo challenges Mandi leading her to make out with Nick and he vomits all over her dress. One week later. Jo, Abby, and Quinn start a new clique called "The Anti-Plastics" and The Plastics wage war on them. But in the process Jo's whole look changes, and she becomes almost as shallow and conceited as Mandi. Jo then tries to break up The Plastics by exposing Chastity's make-out spots, making it seem Mandi did it due to only her knowledge of the specific areas. Then the girls scare Hope by sneezing all over her and she decides to go to the spa over the weekend except The Anti-Plastics put green dye in her seaweed facial mask causing Hope's face to stay green for a long period of time and also causing Mandi to not want to be near her, explaining "I don't pick up ogres". Jo campaigns for homecoming queen and Mandi, in anger, shoves a cupcake in Chastity's face. Tyler later tells Jo if her rude behavior doesn't change, he may break up with her. Jo then tries to give back the money Sydney Hanover gave her to be friends with Abby. While Jo speaks with Sydney, Mandi overhears of this secret, and she reveals it to the whole school. As a result, Jo loses Abby's friendship, loses Tyler as a boyfriend, and suffering betrayal by Quinn. Jo is then questioned by the principal, Mr. Duvall, about some charity money stolen which was found in Jo's back shed. But it was actually stolen by Mandi and Nick who put there to frame Jo for the theft. In a rage, Jo escalates the war by challenging Mandi to powderpuff football, and it helps when the rest of The Anti-Plastics and Tyler offer to help her and prove her innocence with the help of Elliot Gold, a computer hacker and geek, who hacks into the computer system of Jo's grouchy neighbor, who installed cameras to monitor what happens across the street at her house. The powderpuff football game is won by The Anti-Plastics, and Mandi and Nick are arrested for theft when the images of them planting the money in Jo's shed is shown. At the school's homecoming dance, it is announced that Abby and Elliot have been elected as king and queen (won due to Jo rigging the voting). Jo and Tyler dance and they get back together. In the concluding scenes, Mandi and Nick have been sentenced to do community service, yet Mandi is allowed to graduate from school since her mother donated a library (as a bribe) to North Shore High, but Mandi was never popular again. Quinn became the new leader of The Plastics and made a peace deal with Jo and Abby to disban the Anti-Plastics and leave the students at peace until graduation. Chastity ended up joining an abstinence club after learning the meaning of her name. Hope braves her fear of germs only to be sneezed on by a jock while getting water from a drinking fountain and she catches swine-flu. Abby and Elliot became boyfriend and girlfriend and she ends up going to college as an art major. Tyler goes to a close-by college to be near Jo. To this day, Tyler and Jo are still romanticaly together, and Jo and Abby remain close friends.
tt1055366
Comedy,Family,Music
Mitchie Torres (Demi Lovato) wakes up on her last day of school before summer. She really wants to go to a summer camp called 'Camp Rock'. Her mom tells her she can't afford it so she can't go. At school she's by her locker and her friend comes and starts speaking in Mandarin. She goes home and her parents say she is going to camp rock. This is because her mom got a job as a cook. Shane Gray (Joe Jonas) along with other band members Nate (Nick Jonas) and Jason (Kevin Jonas) arrive at Camp Rock to make Shane go to the camp and make himself behave, as Shane is a real jerk. At camp, Mitchie meets Caitlyn (Alyson Stoner), who she later befriends. She also meets 'camp diva' Tess Tyler (Meaghan Jette Martin), Peggy (Jasmine Richards) and Ella (Anna Maria Perez de Tagle). Mitchie is caught up in the world of Tess and her drama. During the film, Mitchie started to become a friend to Shane. Tess gets jealous of this friendship and keeps trying to break it up. Shane, while being stalked by fans, falls outside a room where Mitchie is practising a song. Mitchie doesn't know he's there and he doesn't know who is singing but loves it. Tess makes sure that Mitchie doesn't perform her song to Shane and others at the 'Final Jam', as they are a double act. They manage to anyway and then Shane find out that he was trying to find Mitchie all along. The kinda fall for each other but don't kiss.
tt1499249
Action,Adventure,Comedy
Lake Placid 3 is set at the same fictional Black Lakein Aroostook County, Maineas the first two films. The film opens up with a truck labeled "Dimitri's American Market", where the owner is driving and two teenagers are re-kindling their romance in the back. The man says to the driver to stop the truck and leave them to relax down by the lake. The man and woman are seen having sex with each other on shore very close to the water, when something attacks the man and drags him into the water. It is estimated that four baby crocodiles have attacked and killed the man then swarm in and kill the woman as well. Back at the house of Sadie Bickerman, her son, Nathan (Colin Ferguson), his wife, Susan and little boy, Connor, have finished gathering all of Sadie's belongings and decide on whether or not they are going to sell the house. A pet lizard that has escaped from its cage is loose and Connor follows it all the way outside to the lake where the baby crocodiles are. Revering them as his new "pets", Connor secretly begins to feed the baby crocs with products such as beef jerky and frozen meat that Connor has stolen from the supermarket. Meanwhile, Nathan is out searching for a missing elk, only to find its severed head and wondering if it could've been the act of a cougar lady, Reba (Yancy Butler) or something else. Nathan calls for Sheriff Willinger (Michael Ironside) to help track down whatever it was that killed the elk. In a local bar, a teenager, Brett, has come to Reba for some assistance. To find his girlfriend, Ellie, who is somewhere on the lake. Reba agrees to help and brings in her two hunting partners along with her for the search. However, without warning, the crocodiles have been growing bigger and becoming more aggressive. One of the crocodiles attacks Reba's boat, killing one of her hunting partners and the three are stranded in the woods. Another crocodile attacks two high-school teenagers, leaving their two friends left out to fend for themselves. Back at Sadie's house, Connor is found by his mother who notices blood on his shirt and that his babysitters' right arm has been brutally bitten. Connor comes in and tells his family the truth, that he's been coming to Sadie's house with his bike and feeding the crocodiles food, that explains the reason why Connor tried to steal meat from the supermarket because, as he claims, "I couldn't feed them enough." Realizing what they're up against, Nathan suggests they should try to hunt down and kill the crocodiles before anymore people get hurt. Unfortunately, the crocodiles have grown smarter and kill Vica, the babysitter as well as Willinger who was dragged by the crocodile into the lake while sitting in the Bickermans' car. Meanwhile, Reba and her hunting partner, Jonas, are able to shoot and kill one of them, before another crocodile comes in and bites Jonas' head off and attacks Reba. Brett tries to shoot it, but accidentally shoots Reba instead. The two take Reba's boat and head for the Bickermans' house. Brett, who is very anxious to find Ellie, pulls out a shotgun to Nathan and takes his boat to go and find her. Brett succeeds, but not until another crocodile comes in and kills him, leaving Ellie out in the woods, alone. Meanwhile, another crocodile has broken into the house, but Reba is able to cut its head off with her knife. The five (Nathan, Susan, Connor, Ellie and Reba) leave the house and get onto Reba's boat where they head into town. There, they find that yet another crocodile has found them and they decide to take shelter in the supermarket. When the alarm has gone off, the store's manager, Dimitri, comes with his truck and is eaten by the crocodiles. The crocodiles then come into the supermarket to attack. Reba is able to slice one of the crocodiles with her knife but gets killed in the process. One crocodile is killed when a whole shelf of products comes down and falls right on top of it. With just one crocodile remaining, Nathan takes Dimitri's truck to the gas station where it crashes, but Nathan is able to pour gas on the crocodile until it begins to consume the whole gas pump. Connor throws Nathan a lighter, presumably Vica's cigarette lighter, where he tosses it into the crocodiles' mouth and explodes, with the remains of its body scattered all over the place. In the end, an ambulance comes in and helps take care of Ellie, Nathan, Connor and Susan. The next morning, Nathan, speaking in front of a group of tourists, announces that the main river crocodile has gone extinct, and takes them on a tour around the lake. The scene cuts to where we see a baby crocodile swimming as another giant crocodile jumps out of the water and attacks the camera. The film ends from there and the credits roll.
tt1845866
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
Amber Pollock, a mean, snobbish, virgin and popular high school senior, dies after being named Prom Queen at her senior prom when her crown ends up electrified after an accident with her boyfriends car. While in limbo, an angel named Supervisor J-3 gives her the task of returning to her high school as a ghost to arrange that the school's least-popular student Lisa Sommers becomes Prom Queen in her place within one week at the makeup prom. When Lisa becomes Prom Queen, Supervisor J-3 will have Amber forgiven of her past actions and send her to Heaven. Supervisor J-3 also tells Amber that if Lisa doesn't become Prom Queen by the deadline, Amber will be on the next shuttle bus to Hell. Amber is sent back to Earth as a ghost where she materializes at her memorial service and appears to Lisa afterwords who at first refuses to believe that Amber is appearing before her (Note: the running joke is that no one, except Lisa, can see or hear Amber). Amber manages to inform Lisa about her situation but things do not go as planned. Lisa explains that she doesn't want to be crowned Prom Queen and has no desire to be popular or be noticed in any way. After Amber convinces Lisa that she can get her attention from her crush, Nick Ramsey, Amber insists they should go shopping to get Lisa some new outfits for school and the prom. During their shopping spree, Amber learns that she can magically change her own clothes just by wishing for the outfit she has on. Their plans for Lisa running for Prom Queen becomes complicated as Amber's former friend, Carlita Cache, decides to run and starts dating Nick. When Carlita decides to throw a house party, Amber and Lisa decide to mess with Carlita's plan by changing the party's date and sending this change in an email from a school computer to everyone's phone at their high school. With Carlita's party plans ruined, Amber and Lisa plan a party at Lisa's house the same night since her parents are away at a spa treatment. During the party, Amber gets Lisa up on stage to sing "Typical" which attracts the attention of Nick. Lisa and Nick talk after her performance and the two end up sharing an unexpected kiss and Nick then tells her he will break it off with Carlita. Amber and Lisa soon find out from Vice-Principal Richardson that Lisa's friend, Raj Kurkuri, who was trying to buy a used calculator online, accidentally forgot to log off on a school computer before Lisa sent the changed party date message, and Raj is held responsible for the damages at Carlita's house. Lisa ends up passing on her friends' plans for finishing a 'claymation' pig film now that she is popular. Meanwhile, Amber's younger sister Clementine feels her mother is too busy mourning the death of Amber to pay any attention to her. Seeing this for herself, Amber helps guide her mother into paying more attention to Clementine now that she has died. Lisa's friend, Selena, learns about the ghost Amber's involvement with Lisa's popularity and decides to use black magic to tell Amber to leave Lisa alone, but Amber tells her she needs to right what she did wrong in order to get into Heaven. Selena is understanding but still pleads for Amber to help Lisa return to normal. Amber confronts Lisa and, realizing that she has unintentionally ruined her life by making her popular, jumps into her body to drive her out to Oak Springs on Highway 7 (out in the middle of nowhere) so she would not make it back to town in time for the prom that evening. After stumbling onto Floyd's Gator Jerky Shop, and calls all her friends on a pay phone, Lisa is unsuccessful in getting a ride back into town until she reaches Selena. When Selena (along with Raj and Collin) make it to pick her up, Lisa learns being popular isn't what it is cracked up to be. She also learns Raj was suspended and has to perform community service to fix Carlita's yard. Meanwhile, Amber reports her failure to Supervisor J-3 and takes a ride down to Hell in a flaming prison shuttle bus. After just making it to prom night, Lisa confesses to her vice principal and the rest of the school that it was her that sent the mass email about the change to Carlita's party, not Raj. She then makes a speech on stage that everyone should break down the class barriers between the popular and unpopular by voting Raj as Prom King which almost all of the students agree upon. After Raj is elected Prom King, Amber is transported off the shuttle bus to Hell to get her wings to enter Heaven as the least popular student was voted Prom King. She appears to Lisa one last time and the two share a hug with Amber promising to watch over Lisa from Heaven before she goes. Carlita (angry that she didn't get crowned Prom Queen) tries to stop the music by pulling wires from the stage's control box electrocuting herself in the process. Then Supervisor J-3's voice can be heard saying "Here we go again."
tt0844330
Drama,Romance
Before the events depicted in the film, Anne Elliott (Sally Hawkins) fell deeply in love with handsome young naval officer Frederick Wentworth (Rupert Penry-Jones) at the age of nineteen. But with neither fortune nor rank to recommend him, Anne's godmother, Lady Russell (Alice Krige), and family were against the match and persuaded her to break off the engagement. Eight years later, Anne's family is in financial difficulty and has been forced to rent their home, Kellynch Hall. Their tenants, Admiral Croft (Peter Wight) and Mrs Croft (Marion Bailey), are brother-in-law and sister to Captain Wentworth. While Anne's father, older sister Elizabeth (Julia Davis) and her companion Mrs Clay (Mary Stockley) travel to Bath to take a luxurious apartment, Anne is sent to stay with her younger sister, Mary (Amanda Hale) - a woman who perpetually fancies herself as ill and is as conscious of rank as her father and eldest sister. During her stay at Uppercross, Anne again comes into contact with Captain Wentworth, but although her feelings for him remain the same, he seems determined to avoid contact with her. Anne is devastated to watch his apparent courtship of Louisa Musgrove (Jennifer Higham). During a trip to Lime to visit some fellow naval officers, Louisa Musgrove falls and seriously injures herself. It is Anne who takes control and Wentworth realises that, although he has been angry and resentful, he has never stopped loving her. Unfortunately, many people believe that Louisa and Wentworth have formed an attachment and an engagement is expected. Wentworth is no longer free to pursue his interest in Anne. In an effort to extricate him from the situation, Wentworth goes to visit his brother, hoping that Louisa's feelings and the family's expectations will diminish during the time he is away. Anne travels to Bath to stay with her father and Elizabeth. When she arrives, Anne learns that Mr Elliot (her cousin, and her father's heir) has reconciled with the family. He is spending a lot of time at Camden Place. Mr Elliot shows a great deal of interest in Anne, much to Elizabeth's disgust. Lady Russell, however, is delighted; she envisions Anne taking her mother's place at Kellynch Hall as Lady Elliot. While Anne is in Bath, a letter comes from Uppercross informing Anne that there is soon to be a wedding; she grieves, assuming the match is between Louisa and Wentworth. A visit from Admiral and Mrs Croft soon informs her of the mistake. Louisa is to marry Captain Benwick, one of Wentworth's friends. Wentworth comes to Bath to stay with Admiral and Mrs Croft. It seems like Anne and Wentworth will finally sort their relationship out, but then Wentworth hears about the anticipated engagement between Anne and Mr Elliot and gets jealous. Mr Elliot does, indeed, propose to Anne, but she does not answer. Things come to a head when Wentworth is charged by Admiral and Mrs Croft to tell Anne that she may live in Kellynch Hall on the event of her marriage to Mr Elliot. Anne is able to tell Wentworth that he is mistaken about the engagment, but they are interrupted before they can speak their true feelings Wentworth leaves. Anne chases him, but is stopped by her old school friend, Mrs Smith, who reveals Mr Elliot's true character to Anne. She says that he planned to marry Anne and set Mrs Clay up as his mistress in town in order to prevent Sir Elliot from marrying Mrs Clay and producing a new heir. Anne thanks her friend for the news and resumes her chase. When Anne arrives at the Croft's house, she receives a letter from Wentworth declaring his love for her. She runs through Bath until she find him. They kiss. For her wedding present, Wentworth presents her with Kellynch Hall.
tt1079959
Adventure,Comedy,Family
The Discworld - a magical realm quite unlike, yet hauntingly familiar to, ours - has got it's first tourist. Rincewind (David Jason), an inept ex-student wizard is given the task of guiding Twoflower (Sean Astin) through the city state of Ankh Morpork. Rincewind has two problems: firstly, as an expert coward, he doesn't feel he's the best person to guard a naive - and extremely rich, by local standards - tourist through one of the roughest cities in the multiverse. And secondly, the world is coming to an end. Never rains, eh? The film of The Colour of Magic combines Terry Pratchett's best-selling fantasy novels The Colour of Magic and The Light Fantastic. Oh, and a well-known author appears in a cameo role.
tt2308733
Comedy,Crime,Family
When the Baxter Family relocates from sunny California to Maine, 8-year-old Finn Baxter is convinced the new house is haunted by notorious gangster/bootlegger, Jimmy "Deadleg" Gravano, who passed away inside the residence while being asphyxiated in his own bed. Terrified and stricken, Finn decides to set up traps to capture this "christmas spirit," which prove to be useful against three bumbling art thieves (Malcolm McDowell, Debi Mazar, Eddie Steeples) who target the household in search of a highly valuable painting previously owned by Gravano. Now home alone with his sister (Jodelle Ferland) while his parents are stranded across town attending a holiday party, can Finn acquire the courage to protect his sister and domicile while matching wits with a trio of determined thieves?
tt0810900
Comedy,Drama,Family
It's the last day of school, and the Wildcats are counting down the seconds until they're free. When the bell finally rings, they throw their papers in the air and celebrate with a song [What Time Is It?]. While walking through the halls, the Wildcats all reveal what their Summer goals are: Jason (Ryne Sanborn), Zeke (Chris Warren), Martha (KayCee Stroh) and Taylor (Monique Coleman) all want Summer jobs to save up for college, whereas Chad (Corbin Bleu) wants to work to save up for a car (to take Taylor on a proper date), Kelsi (Olesya Rulin) just wants to write music, Ryan (Lucas Grabeel) wants to relax, Sharpay (Ashley Tisdale) want redemption for her Winter Musical (and she also wants Troy), and Troy (Zac Efron) and Gabriella (Vanessa Hudgens) just want to spend time together. Troy gives Gabriella a necklace with a T on it as a promise. After a game of basketball with the Wildcats and Coach Bolton (Bart Johnson), Troy gets a call from Mr. Fulton (Mark L. Taylor), the GM at Lava Springs country club, and is offered a job for the summer. With a little persuasion, he gets Fulton to allow all his Wildcats to join him. Ryan and Sharpay roll up to Lava Springs in Sharpay's pink convertible, where they're just as pampered and bowed to as in school, and its' revealed that Sharpay arranged for Troy's hire. As Sharpay, Ryan and the Sharpettes, Sharpay's back-up girls in every sense (, Tanya Chisholm and Kelli Baker) relax by the pool, Sharpay expresses her disgust at having lost her part in the musical, her hope for the club's summer talent show, the Star Dazzle show, and above all, her need for all things luxurious [Fabulous], ending the song when she sees Troy walk through the gates. However, her joy is short-lived when she sees that he's not waving at her, but at Gabriella, who has taken the lifeguard position. Enraged, Sharpay falls into the pool. When she confronts Fulton about the Wildcats, he tells her that the Lava Springs Board approved the hiring, meaning that their parents knew about it, as their parents are the owners of the club. Sharpay brings the issue to her spacey, yoga-loving mother (Jessica Tuck), who thinks it will be beneficial for her to spend the summer with her school chums. Sharpay, however, hears none of this, and demands that Fulton get rid of them, demanding that "if he can't fire them, make them want to quit". Fulton joins the Wildcats in the kitchen, handing out tasks as rudely as possible, even reprimanding Gabriella when she clocks out for lunch 3 ½ minutes early. It's near-unanimous that the Wildcats are unhappy with the jobs they've been given, but Troy rallies them to charge the mountain [Work This Out]. After their shift, Troy invites Gabriella out to the golf field for a picnic, where Troy reveals his concern for his future, while Gabriella expresses her joy at what will be her first summer in five years in one place, glad that she's here with Troy of all people. They dance around the golf course, unaware that theyre being watched by Ryan and Sharpay, the latter of which makes up an excuse for maintenance to turn the sprinklers on Troy and Gabriella, which gets them caught by Fulton, earning them both a strike (three strikes and their employment is terminated). Sharpay seems to not be worried or threatened by their relationship, as she clearly has something up her sleeve. The next day, as Troy and Gabriella walk into work, they overhear Kelsi singing a song she wrote for the staff's performance for the Star Dazzle show. Troy, is initially reluctant to sign up to perform (stating his singing career began and ended with the East High Winter Musical), but after singing a love song with Gabriella, written specially for them by Kelsi [You Are the Music In Me], he changes him mind. Ryan, who at Sharpay's request, had been spying on the Wildcats, tells her about the song, and Sharpay admits that Troy's participation in the talent show could be fantastic, though not beside Gabriella. Chad and Troy are requested as caddies for the Evans family, Sharpay bragging up Troy as soon as Mr. Evans (Robert Curtis Brown) joins them on the green (by helicopter). Mr. Evans is a University of Albuquerque Alumni (where both Chad and Troy hope to attend), who is extremely impressed with Troy's basketball and golf skills. At Sharpay's suggestion, Troy is excused from the rest of his shift to join the Evans family for dinner, along with more U of A Alumni. Sharpay offers him up to sing, but when he refuses she makes him promise in front of everyone to sing with her another time. Troy is excused from dinner, only to be intercepted by Fulton and brought to a secret stage where Sharpay, Ryan and the Sharpettes perform an elaborate, over-the-top song for him [Humuhumunukunukuapua'a]. Troy slips off to join Gabriella for the date they planned earlier in the day. They go for a moonlit swim, only to get caught once more by Fulton and receiving a second strike. At home, Troy expresses his guilt at his special treatment to his father, who tells him that though they're all friends now, and that's good, when they graduate, all his teammates will be chasing the same scholarships and opportunities as him, and that there's nothing wrong with working toward what he wants. He also gifts Troy the keys to an old, beat-up truck the pair have been repairing, stating "You didnt think I was gonna drive this heap, did you?". The next morning, Troy is told by Fulton that hes been promoted, as the Evans family thinks he has untapped potential. Troy is awarded a $500 a week job, a locker full of fantastic, designer clothes (including Italian golf shoes), full use of membership facilities, his own set of clubs, and his own golf cart. Taylor worries that Troy is falling right into Sharpay's hands, telling Gabriella that "she's basically offering him a college education just to sing with her in the talent show". Gabriella and Chad have faith that Troy is stronger than that, though when Troy snubs Chad, who is serving lunch to him, the Evans family and a bunch of U of A basketball players, Chad begins to agree with Taylor. Sharpay walks into a rehearsal room where Ryan and Kelsi are talking about ideas for the show, and demands Troy and Gabriella's duet, snatching it out of Kelsi's hands when she refuses to give it to her. She tells them that she and Troy will be performing it in the talent show, which angers Ryan, as he was planning on performing Humuhumunukunukuapua'a with her. Sharpay coldly announces the change in plans, but demands that Ryan still spy on the Wildcats for her, telling him she'll find him a spot somewhere in the show... or the next one. Ryan walks away in anger. Afterwards, Gabriella sees Troy playing basketball alone, adorned in a U of A Redhawks jacket. He promises to spend some time with her after his game with the Redhawks, and Gabriella tells him that "promise is a big word", reminding him that the staff has a baseball game after work, one he promised he'd play in. Jason, Chad and Zeke all walk out, eager to play with Troy and the Redhawks, but Troy refuses, saying it's a closed practice. Though Chad expresses his annoyance, Troy leaves with the Redhawks. As Gabriella and Taylor are on their way to the staff baseball game, they come across Ryan, walking through the club grounds alone. They ask if he's going to the game, but he says that he's "not staff; wasn't invited". The girls invite him, and he joins them in the golf cart to the game. The general consensus amongst the male Wildcats is that since Troy bailed on them, they don't want to do the show anymore, but the girls do, asking Ryan to put his amazing choreography skills to good use and help them. Chad tells Ryan that "if [Ryan] wants to play ball, then grab a mitt, but he [Chad] doesn't dance". Ryan steps up to him, with a remark of "You don't think dancing takes some game?". Ryan takes the pitcher's position, playing a fierce game against the Wildcats [I Dont Dance], and just barely losing. As he goes to walk away, Chad calls him back, telling him that he's "not saying he'll dance in the show, but *if* he did", asking what Ryan would have him do. Ryan smiles to himself. Troy is then shown playing in the Redhawks' gym with their star players, watched by the entire Board of Directors, who admit that they like what they're seeing. During a break, Troy tries to call Gabriella, who's abandoned her phone in her bag as she celebrates with the Wildcats, including Chad and Ryan, who have switched clothes in a gesture of friendship. Chad asks him about where the ball skills came from, to which Ryan reveals that he was on the Newport, Rhode Island Little League World Series championship team when he was younger. The next day, as the sun is setting, Ryan and Gabriella talk about the show, and though Ryan says that he knows "everyone thinks he's Sharpay's poodle", but Gabriella tells him that "if they were thinking that, they're not thinking that today". Ryan shows her a dance step, and Troy walks up, misreading their linked hands. Ryan tries to show that he harbors no will will toward Troy, but when he brings up Gabriella's mother's brownies, Troy coldly cuts him off, saying "Yeah, I know. I've had 'em". Ryan walks away, and after a look at Gabriella, so does Troy. The next morning as Troy walks into work, everyone makes comments about him bailing on their 2-on-2, and Troy defends himself, saying that Mr. Evans set everything up, not him. However, he and Chad explode on each other, Chad telling him that Troy's losing himself, and Troy denying it. Later that day, Troy and Sharpay rehearse their song for the Star Dazzle show, an up-tempo, jazzy, ridiculously over-the-top song complete with back-up singers, pyrotechnics, and bedazzled microphones [You Are the Music In Me (Sharpay Version)]. Sharpay tells Troy that the entire Scholarship Committee will be there to see him perform. Troy suddenly has a vision of Sharpay in a wedding dress, and excuses himself for some air. Troy is shown playing basketball alone the next day, but follows the music he hears to a rehearsal room, where all the Wildcats are dancing and having fun, rehearsing for the Star Dazzle show and being coached by Ryan. Sharpay also stumbles on this scene. The Wildcats file out after the song, but the only thing Troy sees is Ryan and Gabriella hugging before Gabriella leaves, too. Troy walks away, and Sharpay storms into the room to scold Ryan, telling him that she said to keep an eye on them, not turn them into the cast of Grease (1978). Ryan doesn't care about losing the Star Dazzle award (which he and Sharpay have won several years running), and Sharpay asks when he became "one of them", which Ryan takes as a compliment, and sarcastically tells her and Troy to have a good show. Sharpay, annoyed at Ryan's betrayal, tells Fulton that all employees need to work on show night, that she doesn't want any employees in the show. Fulton advises her to think about this, reminding her that the Wildcats are not just employees, but her classmates. Sharpay doesn't care, telling him to do it anyway. Fulton give the flyers with the announcement to Taylor to distribute, who immediately tries to protest, but Fulton hears none of it, telling her that in the world of adults, "sometimes, we have to perform tasks, however unpleasant, that are necessary for that all-too-important paycheck to land in our all-too-empty pockets!". Taylor offers him some calming tea before showing the flyers to the Wildcats, who know immediately that it's Sharpay's doing. Gabriella goes to confront Sharpay, telling her that Wildcats or not, she's ruining something Ryan worked extremely hard on. Sharpay doesn't care, claiming that Gabriella has been interfering with Troy's future by getting him written up twice, and that she "had to step in just to save Troy's job". She tells Gabriella that she's just jealous that Sharpay won, to which Gabriella replies "What's the prize? Troy? The Star Dazzle award? You had to go through all of this just to get either one?". Gabriella then quits, before warning Sharpay that she's doing serious damage to Ryan and their relationship and that she's too preoccupied with her reputation to notice or care. Sharpay leaves, offended, and Troy runs up to Gabriella, having heard most of their conversation. Gabriella tells him that hes changing, and its better that she knows this now. She quits and breaks up with Troy [Gotta Go My Own Way], giving him back her T necklace in the process. That night, Troy asks his dad if he seems different, telling him that none of his friends will talk to him and that he's been too focused on the scholarship. Coach hands him a picture of himself in his basketball uniform, telling him that "he's absolutely sure he's gonna figure out the right thing to do". The next day at work, all the Wildcats ignore Troy, some even walking away when he sits at a table with them. Kelsi silently shows him one of the flyers about the employees not allowed to participate in the show, which he crumples up in anger. He goes outside and reflects on everything he's done and how he's been acting [Bet On It], telling himself that hes gonna turn it all around. He tells Sharpay that he's not doing the show, as he's asked Fulton for his kitchen job back and therefore, is not allowed participation. He tells her that he doesn't like the way they've both been treating his friends, so he's doing something about it. Sharpay tries to change his mind, telling him "we can all hold hands around the campfire some other time! Right now, weve got a show to do", to which Troy replies, "No, you've got a show to do. I got a kitchen to clean", and walks away. Sharpay reverts back to Ryan, telling him Humu Humu is back on, but Ryan refuses, telling her that he took her advice and sold his Tiki Warrior outfit online, and that she's "always wanted the spotlight. Now you've got it". Kelsi had witnessed the entire scene between Troy and Sharpay, and told the Wildcats what Troy had done, who forgive him when he walks into the kitchen. Troy tells Chad that brothers fight, and Chad says that they're still brothers. Troy apologizes to Ryan for all his hard work wasted, and Ryan says that he doesn't "really want to see his sister crash and burn... at least he *thinks* he doesn't", and that he wants Troy to sing with her. Troy tells Sharpay that he'll perform with her on one condition; the Wildcats get to participate, too. Sharpay reluctantly agrees. When Troy returns to the kitchen to tell the Wildcats, Ryan tells him that Sharpay wants him to learn a new song, and he and Kelsi immediately run to the rehearsal room to practice. Just before Troy goes onstage, he asks Sharpay why she switched songs, and Sharpay is confused, stating that she didn't learn a new song, and Ryan brushes past her with a smug "Exactly". Sharpay is horrified. Troy walks onstage and begins singing, expecting Sharpay's accompaniment, but to his shock, he hears Gabriella. She walks through where all the Wildcats have gathered at the back of the show audience, joining him with a hug. They sing about making memories last and celebrating their friends and being young [Everyday], and are eventually joined at a chorus by all the Wildcats, who join them onstage. Gabriella grabs Ryan and brings him onstage, and Troy does the same with Sharpay. They finish the song by joining hands, and Fulton walks up to award the Star Dazzle award to Sharpay, but she grabs the mic at the last second, announcing that the winner is Ryan, for his choreography of the final number. After the show, the Wildcats, including Sharpay and Ryan all converge on the golf green, smiling and laughing. They see a shooting star and start dancing around the golf course. Gabriella toasts to the future, to which Troy replies, "No, here's to right now". The two share their first kiss (something they've been trying to do the entire movie, but kept getting interrupted) as the sprinklers turn on, soaking all the Wildcats, who keep dancing. The last scene is a staff pool party, where Troy, Ryan, Chad, Gabriella, Sharpay and Taylor perform a song about finally getting the summer they wanted, and finally having some fun [All For One].
tt1743360
Drama,Romance
A woman's imaginary friend from childhood returns as a handsome adult. Based on a novel by James Patterson.
tt2008633
Comedy,Drama,Family
High school student Tara (Debby Ryan) is so painfully shy that she dreads speaking to anyone in the hallways or getting called on in class. But in the privacy of her bedroom she does pod casts and rocks out as an anonymous radio host with her listeners. When her stepfather finds she is "Radio Rebel" he hires her on Seattle's best FM radio station, SLAM FM. Tara surprises herself by blossoming behind the mike into confident, "Radio Rebel" -- and to everyone's shock, she's a hit! Gavin, Tara's secret crush, raves about the mysterious DJ's awesome taste in music. The whole school ends up hating her when Principal Morano cancels prom and demands "Radio Rebel" to reveal her identity to be punished. "Radio Rebel" changes everybody's minds by calling on a "morp", (prom spelled backwards) so everybody can express themselves the way they truly are! "Radio Rebel" is nominated as morp queen and wins! To prevent Principal Morano from expelling Tara the whole school stands up for her by chanting "I'm Radio Rebel!!!".
tt0079844
Horror
A brief prologue shows a man and a boy in a Mexican town. They are collecting holy water inside a Catholic church, and one bottle seems to glow with a strange supernatural light, a signal that "they've found us again." This event is shown out of chronological order, taking place after the main events of the film. The man is Ben Mears (David Soul), a writer who grew up in the small New England town of Salem's Lot, Maine. Ben has returned to Salem's Lot to explore the traumatic roots of his childhood. He intends to write a novel about an ominous house that overlooked the town of Salem's Lot, visible from all areas of the village and shrouded in a history of death, murder, and mental decay. The main resident of the house was Hubie Marsten, a bootlegger who was suspected in the mysterious disappearances of several local young boys. As a child, Ben was haunted by the idea of what could have occurred in the house; as a young boy, he went into the abandoned house on a dare, and imagined that he saw Hubie Marsten's corpse, which opened its eyes and looked at him. Ben hopes to rent the house itself and stay there, but he finds that another newcomer to Salem's Lot has beat him to the punch; a stark looking man named Straker (James Mason) has already rented the abandoned house as a home for himself and his "business partner", a certain Kurt Barlow (Reggie Nalder). The beginning section of the film deals with Ben's return to Salem's Lot and the people he meets. Finding the Marsten house unavailable, he rents a room in a boarding house run by Eva Miller. Ben reconnects with an old teacher of his from high school, Jason Burke, who remembers Ben fondly and is glad to see him. The rest of the town seems suspicious of Ben, not only because he is from the city, but also that his wife has recently died in a motorcycle accident where Ben was driving. By chance, Ben meets Susan Norton (Bonnie Bedilia), a young schoolteacher, and begins a romance with her. Susan has an estranged boyfriend, Ned Tebbets, and she tells Ben that Ned will not leave her alone, even though she has ended their relationship. Ben has a strange encounter with Straker when he approaches the Marsten house one day and comes face to face with the man just outside the grounds. Straker gives him a strange look and simply says "Good evening" before leaving. The man who has rented the house to Straker, Larry Crockett (Fred Willard) knows nothing of Straker's business partner, Barlow, and in fact has never seen him. Straker and Barlow intend to open an antique shop, which they have also rented in the small business section of Salem's Lot. At the grand opening of the shop, Barlow is still nowhere to be seen, and Straker tells Ben that Barlow is off on a buying trip in Europe. Ben sees a teenage boy in the shop, Mark Petrie (Lance Kerwin), and this is the boy that was with him in Mexico in the prologue. As of yet they do not know one another, but they exchange a brief glance. Mark is a fan of horror fiction, monsters, and magic. Mark's father is concerned that his son's fascination with these dark subjects could signal a problem, but Mark seems to be a bright, studious boy. He has a part in a pageant that depicts the founding of Salem's Lot, and one evening he has two friends over, Danny Glick (Brad Savage) and his younger brother Ralphie (Ronnie Scribner). On their way home from Mark's house, the boys take a short cut through the woods and a mysterious wind blows up. They become separated and someone attacks Ralphie. Cully Sawyer is a trucker who has been hired by Straker to pick up a crate that is arriving by boat, and he is instructed to deliver it to the Marsten house. Instead, Cully hires two other men to do the job, Mike Ryerson (Geoffrey Lewis) and Ned Tebbets (Barney McFadden). Cully needs the night to himself in order to spy on his wife, Bonnie (Julie Cobb), who works for Larry Crockett. Cully has heard a rumor that Bonnie is having an affair with Crockett, and invites him over to the house whenever Cully is gone. As he lurks in the bushes outside their home, sure enough Bonnie calls Crockett and he arrives shortly thereafter. Cully waits a while and then bursts in on them with a shotgun, finding them half undressed and in bed together. He is enraged but icily calm, ordering Larry out of bed and into the living room with him. Bonnie babbles on about how Larry has raped her, and even though Cully knows better, he pretends to question Larry about whether he is a rapist or not. Cruelly, he has Larry place the barrel of the shotgun in his mouth, then pulls the trigger--and the chambers are empty and unloaded. Terrified and humiliated, Larry bolts from the house, but he is intercepted at his car by a shadowy figure that grabs him, unseen by Cully or anybody else. The parents of Danny and Ralphie Glick phone Mark's house when the boys don't return home. While Mr. Glick is on the phone with Mr. Petrie, Danny stumbles into the back yard of the Glicks and collapses. Ralphie is nowhere to be found and Danny is incoherent. Susan has Ben over to the house for dinner, where her mother reveals in a private moment that she is suspicious of Ben because of his reputation as a "radical" and also because of the death of his wife. She also tells Susan that she wishes she would give Ned another chance. Ben seems to get along well enough with Susan's father, Bill (Ed Flanders). Mike Ryerson and Ned Tebbets have a strange experience while making their delivery: the crate they were assigned to pick up seems to move all on its own, slowly sliding forwards in the truck until it is right up against the window of the cab. The crate also seems impossibly cold, as if it's frozen. Ryerson and Tebbets are nervous about delivering the crate to the Marsten house; Straker has left instructions that the crate is to be carried into the basement of the rundown mansion, but neither man wants to venture down there. After the crate is deposited, the men hear footsteps from upstairs in the house, and they both run in terror. Straker had requested that the door be locked with a chain and padlock, but Ned is too terrified to go back into the basement; he tosses the chain and padlock into the basement and both men flee the premises. The figure that enters the basement from upstairs is Straker, carrying a small package wrapped in black plastic. He places it on a table and unwraps it, revealing the body of Ralphie Glick. Susan and Ben are sharing a romantic night in a secluded place near a lake when they unexpectedly hear a vehicle pull up nearby and another speed off. When they investigate, they find Larry Crockett sitting behind the wheel of his car, dead. The next day brings an organized search for Ralphie Glick, of which Ben willingly participates, despite the fact that he knows he is considered a suspect because he is a stranger. While combing the woods near where Ralphie disappeared, Ben finds a small swatch of black clothing on some shrubbery. Straker, who always wears a black suit, is immediately under suspicion. Constable Gillespie (Kenneth McMillan) visits Straker at the antique store and questions him, particularly about the elusive Mr. Barlow. Gillespie requests Straker's black suits for forensic purposes and Straker agrees. That night, Danny Glick awakens to find a dense fog outside his bedroom window. From out of the mist, the figure of his brother Ralphie materializes, now looking pale and evil with glowing eyes, hovering through the air and scratching at the window with his long fingernails. Entranced, Danny opens the window and Ralphie floats inside, hovering menacingly over him. The next day, Danny is admitted to the hospital with "pernicious anemia", due to a sudden loss of blood. Things rapidly degenerate in Salem's Lot, as various townsfolk disappear or take ill. Danny Glick is victimized once again in his hospital bed by Ralphie, who hovers through the window at night the same way. This time we see Ralphie bare his sharp teeth and bite Danny on the neck. The next day, a nurse finds Danny dead in his bed. The townspeople attend his funeral, during which Mrs. Glick faints from grief. Ben and Mark see one another at the funeral and exchange glances once again. As the mourners leave and Mike Ryerson fills in Danny's grave, the sun fades behind clouds, and Mike responds as if in a trance. He leaps down into the grave and opens the coffin, revealing Danny's body, the eyes wide open and glowing. As Mike looks up at the sky, Danny sits up and bites him on the neck. Ben discusses the nature of evil with Jason Burke as they have dinner in a tavern. He feels as if the Marsten house itself is the personification of evil, and that it has attracted evil men to itself once more. Jason is skeptical of Ben's theory. Their conversation is interrupted by Mike Ryerson, who suddenly falls onto their table, behaving erratically. He seems dazed and ill, and barely coherent. He complains of bad dreams, and admits that he fell asleep in the cemetery and stayed there all night. As Mike talks, Jason notices two puncture wounds on his throat, the telltale mark of vampires. Mike cannot remember where he got the wounds. Jason invites Mike to stay the night at his house, and puts him to bed in a guest bedroom. In the middle of the night, Mark Petrie is visited by Danny Glick, now a vampire himself. Unlike Ralphie, Danny speaks to Mark, whispering "Open the window, Mark!" while clawing at the glass. Mark becomes entranced, too, but being a horror fan, he understands the ways to ward off a vampire. Breaking the spell, Mark grabs ahold of a crucifix and holds it up to the glass. Danny recoils from it and fades away into the night. The commotion awakens Mark's parents, but Mark says nothing to them about what he has seen, instead telling them he had a nightmare. At Jason's house, Jason suffers a nightmare and imagines that he feels a presence in the next room where Mike is sleeping. He awakens and phones Eva's boarding house. Eva summons Ben to the phone, and Jason begs him to come over right away, and to bring a crucifix. Ben, who is an atheist, does not have any religious icons, but he gets a cross from Eva. Eva is perplexed by this; "Mr. Burke's people aren't Catholic, they're Lutheran!" By the time Ben reaches Jason's, the sun has risen. Together they go into Mike's room and find him dead. The window is wide open, and Jason insists that it was closed and locked. Ben isn't quick to embrace the concept of vampires, but the fact that Jason believes it seems to suggest to him that it's possible. He tells Jason that they would both be ruined if they approached others with the idea that vampires had come to Salem's Lot. When Ben returns to Eva's boarding house, Ned Tebbets is waiting for him and attacks him in a jealous rage. Ned beats Ben so badly that he is taken to the hospital, while Ned is taken to jail. That night, Jason is alone in his house and he hears someone in the guest bedroom. Carrying a crucifix, he slowly goes upstairs and looks into the room, and he sees Mike Ryerson sitting there in a rocking chair, now a vampire. Suddenly he looks up at Jason and begins to menace him, speaking in a way that was utterly unlike Mike in life. He commands Jason to look into his eyes, but Jason resists and frightens Mike away with the cross. Jason immediately suffers a heart attack, managing to summon an ambulance before collapsing. When Ben comes to in the hospital, Susan tells him that Jason is in the hospital with him. Additionally, several bodies have disappeared, and Mrs. Glick has died of "anemia". Ben sets out to prove to others and himself the existence of vampires. He gets Bill Norton to accompany him to the coroner's office so that they may view Marjorie Glick's body and watch for signs of resurrection. Before they leave, Ben tells Susan that about the threat of vampires, and she reacts with shocked disbelief. Bill, who is a doctor, simply refuses to accept the idea that vampires could exist, but he goes with Ben to the coroner anyway. Ben forms a makeshift cross using tongue depressors, and as he recites the only passage from the Bible that he knows, Psalm 23, Marjorie Glick begins to show signs of life. While Bill is in the next room, she begins to shake and then sits up, moaning Danny's name and hissing when she sees Ben. Bill walks into the room and Marjorie attacks both of them; Ben manages to ward her off with the cross, which burns into the flesh of her forehead, and she vanishes. Ben returns to the Norton house with a very stunned Bill Norton, who now realizes that the threat is real. Susan has followed Ben's instructions and draped the outside of the house with Hawthorne, thought to be a talisman against vampires. He tells Susan he wants her to take her mother and go to Boston immediately. Meanwhile, Ned Tebbets is lying in his cot at the jail when a figure cloaked in black enters the locked cell. Ned is terrified by what he sees; the figure is Barlow, revealed at last as a hideous, centuries-old vampire with inhuman bluish skin and glowing eyes. Barlow attacks him immediately. The Petries are conferring with the local Catholic priest, Father Callahan (James Gallery), at their home. It appears to be a counseling session for Mark, who seems to have gone to his parents and told them about seeing Danny Glick at his window after all. The Petries do not believe this and think Mark imagined it because of his obsession with horror movies. While they are talking, a paranormal experience occurs; the house begins to shake for no apparently reason, and the windows implode. A small dark shape hurtles through the kitchen window and lands on the floor, slowly enlarging until it becomes Barlow. He lunges at the Petries and kills them instantly by breaking their necks. Straker enters the house and confronts Father Callahan. Mark runs to his parents and finds that they are dead, and blindly goes to attack Barlow. Barlow instead grabs Mark and holds him at bay, threatening to cut his throat with his sharp fingernails. Barlow seems to be completely mute, communicating instead through Straker. Straker offers Father Callahan a trade; Barlow will spare Mark's life tonight if Callahan will surrender to Barlow and put down his crucifix and face Barlow based solely on the priest's faith and will. Barlow keeps his part of the bargain and releases Mark, who curses him and promises to kill him for murdering his parents. Barlow then easily overpowers Callahan, whose faith has been shaken by Straker's words. The cross he is holding loses its power as Callahan's faith weakens, and Barlow crushes it. The next day, Ben tries to round up help to fight Barlow, but numerous people have either fled town or have died. Constable Gillespie even abandons the Lot, fleeing with his family in a station wagon. Before he leaves, he gives Ben his gun. Susan is supposed to leave town with her mother, but instead she goes up to the Marsten house, seemingly entranced by the idea that there could be something supernatural going on in Salem's Lot. She sees Mark Petrie lurking around the grounds, and she follows him into the house. Mark tells her that he's going to kill Barlow, but Susan pleads with him to leave. Suddenly, Straker appears and subdues Mark, glaring menacingly at Susan. When Mark regains consciousness, he finds himself bound tightly with ropes by Straker, who intends to keep him tied up until sundown, when he will surely become a victim for Barlow. Susan is nowhere to be found, and Straker tells Mark he took Susan "to meet the man she came here to meet". Left alone, Mark manages to escape from his bonds and runs from the house, running into Ben and Bill Norton in front of the Marsten house. They have come to destroy Barlow and Straker; instead, Mark stays with them and goes back inside to help. Straker appears and kills Norton by impaling him on a large sculpture of antlers. Ben shoots Straker with his gun and Straker finally dies. When they go into the basement to search for Barlow's coffin, they realize too late that the stairs have been removed, and they fall into the cellar, hurting themselves in the process. They find Barlow's coffin inside a root cellar, surrounded by some of the vampires who used to be residents of the Lot. Mike Ryerson and Larry Crockett are here, and a few others. They are dormant because the sun is still up, but after Ben and Mark drag the coffin out into the basement, the sun has gone down. The vampires begin to rise, and Mark is only able to hold them off by temporarily locking them in the root cellar. Barlow awakens, too, but Ben is able to struggle with him and hammer a wooden stake through his heart. Barlow immediately disintegrates into dust, but seems to laugh at Ben as he wonders aloud about Susan. Ben and Mark pour gasoline on the Marsten house and set it ablaze, burning the vampires inside and hoping that the flames carry into the near-deserted town itself. The final segment of the film repeats the opening sequence; Mark and Ben are now in Mexico, presumably on the run from vampires. A glowing bottle of holy water signals that one of them has found them again. As Mark and Ben return to their bungalow, Ben seems to expect what is waiting for him inside, and he goes in alone. Susan is lying on the bed inside the hut with her eyes closed. "You were so difficult to find!" she whispers. When she opens her eyes, they glow; she is a vampire. Ben knows this already and when he leans down to kiss her, he impales her with a wooden stake. From here, Mark and Ben move on, presumably still pursued by the vampires of Salem's Lot.
tt1196339
Comedy,Drama,Family
When Princess Rosalinda Demi Lovato is about to become queen of her country of Costa Luna, the country is invaded by an evil dictator. She is put into the Princess Protection Program, a secret organization funded by royal families that looks after endangered princesses. Rosalinda is taken under the wing of Mason Verica, an agent in the PPP from rural Louisiana. While there, she meets his daughter, Carter Selena Gomez,who works at the local bait shop. Carter dreams of going to the school dance with her crush, Donny, Adamson, the school hottie. In becoming a normal teenager, Rosalinda takes up the name Rosie and soon becomes popular at school; which Carter must learn to handle. Although through the ups and downs, the two form a tight bond and become close friends, with Carter teaching Rosie to become a normal American girl, and Rosie helping Carter to find her inner princess. At the end, Carter realizes what a jerk Donny is and goes to the dance with Ed Braun, who is her best friend and has had a crush on her for a long time. Rosie becomes Queen of Costa Luna in the end and Carter and Ed cheer, "Long Live Queen Rosie!" and Rosie walks down the aisle with Carter proud and smiling. [D-Man2010] Princess Rosalinda (Demi Lovato) of the small Spanish-speaking nation of Costa Luna, is about to be crowned queen upon reaching maturity. Mysteriously, General Kane who the dictator of a neighboring country Costa Estrella, is able to massively infiltrate her palace with his agents during her coronation rehearsal, and attempts to assassinate her while effecting a coup d'etat against her regime. Luckily, Joe Mason who ia an agent of the Princess Protection Program, (a secret organization funded by royal families that looks after endangered princesses) is able to whisk her away to safety via helicopter because Gen. Kanes agents failed to secure her rooftop helipad. They succeeded in capturing her mother, the Queen Sophia, but unfortunate for the general his coup severely alienates him from the international authorities. To keep Princess Rosalinda hidden, the Princess Protection Program places her in Mr. Masons home in rural Louisiana because she refuses to trust anyone else. There she meets his daughter Carter (Selena Gomez), an insecure girl who works at the local bait shop and dreams of going to the school dance with her crush Donny (Robert Adamson). In becoming a normal teenager, Rosalinda takes up the name Rosie and soon becomes popular at school, which Carter must learn to handle. The two become close friends. Carter teaches Rosie to act like a normal American girl, and Rosie shows Carter how to disarm those that scorn them and put them in their place by behaving as a princess. Meanwhile, General Kane plots to marry Rosalindas mother in order to legitimize his rule, but also to draw Rosalinda (the late Kings legitimate heiress) out of hiding so that he can ambiguously marry her, place her on the throne as a puppet, or kill both her and her mother to wipe out the royal family. Joe Mason understands that if Rosie knows General Kane is forcing her mother into marriage, then she will want to give herself up in order to placate his need to secure his rule. He also knows that Gen. Kane is likely to simply kill Rosie if he can get his hands on her. Unfortunately, Mr. Mason fails to recognize the threat posed by the popular girls at school, who want Rosie to drop out of the election for Homecoming Queen. After discovering that Rosie is actually a princess, they tell Rosie about Gen. Kanes plan to marry her mother and try to encourage her to leave by destroying her and Carters homecoming dresses. Rosalinda is distraught and makes up her mind to leave without anyone knowing besides Carter. Carter knows what will happen if Rosie goes back, so asks her to do her one last favor and stay until after the Homecoming. Rosalinda agrees to wait to return to Costa Luna until after the dance. To acquire new dresses, Carter calls Rosalindas dressmaker Mr. Elegante, and asks him to send some as part of a plan to save Rosie, the Queen, and Costa Luna. To carry out their plan Mr. Elegante sends the dresses and pretends to betray Rosalindas whereabouts to Gen. Kane in order to lure him to Louisiana. Carter's plan is to use herself as bait to get Gen. Kane to expose himself. She knows that her father "will always be there for her", and that there is no way a rogue foreign dictator can enter U.S. airspace and land unnoticed by the authorities. In the meantime, Rosie and Carter help a bunch of girls by making them look good for the dance, which includes wearing masks to help Carter stand in for Rosie. Gen. Kane flies to Louisiana with only a few men in order to try to abduct Rosie. As part of her plan, Carter poses as Rosie by wearing a dress of the same color that Gen. Kane was informed that Rosie would be wearing, and is taken away to the Gen. Kane's helicopter. Again, Gen. Kanes agents fail to actually secure the helipad on top of the school. Mr. Mason and his Princess Protection Program agents bribe and sneak their way into Gen. Kanes helicopter and arrest the General while his men offer no resistance. Although the agents promise to turn him over to the international authorities, this would be the first time in history that a ruling head of state has been arrested on foreign soil, but it is also the first time a ruling head of state has personally traveled to another country to abduct someone. At the end, Carter realizes what a jerk Donny is and goes to the dance with Ed, who is her best friend and has had a crush on her for a long time. In the ends, Rosie is crowned Queen of Costa Luna. Carter and Ed cheer, "Long Live Queen Rosie!" and Rosie walks down the aisle with Carter smiling proudly. One year later, Carter and Rosie are seen as fully-fledged agents of PPP, and are being assigned a new assignment. ~BatzinMabelfry~
tt0085404
Drama,Sci-Fi
While the movie contains significant exposition to explain the onset of the war, the plot lies in the human struggles of the characters. The film follows several average citizens and the people they encounter after a nuclear attack on Kansas City, Missouri. The chronology of the events leading up to the war is depicted entirely via television and radio news broadcasts. The Soviet Union is shown to have commenced a military buildup in East Germany with the goal of intimidating the United States into withdrawing from West Berlin. When the United States does not back down, Soviet armored divisions are sent to the border between West and East Germany. During the late hours of Friday, September 15, news broadcasts report a "widespread rebellion among several divisions of the East German Army". As a result, the Soviets blockade West Berlin. Tensions mount and the United States issues an ultimatum that the Soviets stand down from the blockade by 6:00 A.M. the next day, or it will be interpreted as an act of war. The Soviets refuse, and the President of the United States puts all U.S. military around the world at DEFCON 2. On Saturday, September 16, NATO forces in West Germany invade East Germany through the Helmstedt checkpoint to Free Berlin. The Soviets hold the Marienborn corridor and inflict heavy casualties on NATO troops. Two Soviet-built MiG-25RBs cross into West German airspace and bomb a NATO munitions storage facility but also hit a school and a hospital. Through a radio broadcast, viewers learn that Moscow, USSR is being evacuated. At this point, people in major U.S. cities are shown to begin mass evacuations, foreshadowing the impending doomsday. There follow unconfirmed reports that nuclear weapons were used in Wiesbaden and Frankfurt, West Germany. Meanwhile, in the Persian Gulf, naval warfare erupts, as radio reports tell of ship sinkings on both sides. Viewers then learn that the Soviet Army and other Warsaw Pact armies have reached the Rhine river having captured most of West Germany in less than six hours. Not wanting Soviet forces to invade France and have the rest of Western Europe fall, the United States halts the Soviet advance by airbursting three low-yield nuclear bombs over advancing Soviet troops. Soviet forces counter by launching a nuclear strike on NATO headquarters in Brussels. In response, the United States Strategic Air Command begins scrambling some of its nuclear-armed B-52 bombers in preperation of further nuclear first strikes or retaliations. After the initial nuclear exchange in Europe, the United States is shown to enact its "launch on warning" policy: it launches a full-scale nuclear attack on the Soviet Union if and when the United States receives indication that the Soviet Union is preparing to do the same. The Soviet Air Force then destroys a BMEWS (Balistic Misssle Early Warning Station) at the RAF Airbase in Fylingdales, England and another at Beale Air Force Base in California with low kiloton nuclear weapons. Meanwhile, on board the EC-135 Looking Glass aircraft, the order comes in from the President of the United States to launch a full nuclear strike against the Soviet Union. Almost simultaneously, an Air Force officer receives a report that a massive Soviet nuclear assault against the United States has been launched, stating "32 targets in track, with 10 impacting points." Another airman receives a report that over 300 Soviet ICBMs are inbound. (It is deliberately unclear in the film whether the Soviet Union or the United States launches the main nuclear attack first.) Dr. Russell Oakes (Jason Robards) is a doctor who lives in the well-to-do Brookside neighborhood of Kansas City with his wife (Georgann Johnson) and works in a hospital in downtown Kansas City. On the day of the nuclear attack, he is scheduled to teach a hematology class at the University of Kansas hospital in nearby Lawrence, Kansas, and is en route from Kansas City to Lawrence on a jammed highway when he hears an alarming Emergency Broadcast System alert on his car radio. He pulls off the crowded freeway, attempts to contact his wife from a nearby phone booth, but gives up due to the incredibly long line at the booth. Oakes then heads back down I-70 toward Kansas City to find his wife, although he is the only eastbound motorist on the freeway at the time. The first salvo of the Soviet nuclear attack on the central United States (as shown from the point of view of the residents of Kansas and western Missouri) occurs at 3:38 PM Central Daylight Time when a large yield nuclear weapon is air burst at a high altitude over Kansas City, Missouri, in order to generate an EMP (electromagnetic pulse) and disable any defensive weapons covering the nearby Minuteman III missile silos of Whiteman AFB. 30 seconds later, incoming Soviet ICBMs begin to impact military and population targets, including Kansas City. Sedalia, Missouri, all the way south to Eldorado Springs, Missouri, is blanketed with ground burst nuclear weapons. The nuclear attack is soon initiated and Kansas City is gripped with panic as air raid sirens wail. Oakes' car is disabled by the electromagnetic pulse, along with other motor vehicles and the city's electricity. Oakes is about 30 miles away from downtown Kansas City when the missiles hit. His wife, son, daughter, possibly many of his colleagues as well as countless other people are killed in the attack. After the explosions, Oakes walks ten miles the other way back to Lawrence and finds his way to the university hospital where he treats the wounded with Dr. Sam Hachiya (Calvin Jung), Nurse Bauer (JoBeth Williams) and other aid workers. At another part of the university, science Professor Joe Huxley (John Lithgow) rallies a group of his students together and utilizes a Geiger counter to monitor the level of nuclear fallout outside, which measures at more then 50 RADS per hour. They also build a makeshift radio to maintain contact with Dr. Oakes at the hospital, as well as contact any other broadcasting survivors outside the city. Billy McCoy (William Allen Young) is an Airman First Class in the United States Air Force stationed at Whiteman AFB near Kansas City who is called onto duty during the DEFCON 2 alert. He and his colleagues are among the first to witness the initial missile launches signaling the start of a full-scale nuclear war. After it becomes clear that a Soviet counterstrike is imminent, the unit panics and becomes involved in a heated argument; several Airmen stubbornly insist that they stay on duty while the others, including McCoy, point out that any further action by this stage is essentially futile and that they would almost certainly die if they remained at their posts. McCoy attempts to drive away on a truck, but is forced to abandon it when it is disabled by the EMP blast from the Soviet missiles. He then manages to find an abandoned bunker to hide in and barely escapes the oncoming nuclear blast. Afterward, he emerges from the bunker and walks towards a town, only to find it abandoned; he enters an abandoned store, taking a large amount of candy bars for food and then continues walking in hope of finding other survivors. He befriends another man, traumatized from the events, with whom he shares his candy bars. Soon, McCoy and the other man both begin to suffer from the effects of radiation poisoning. They learn that the closest hospital still functioning is the one in Lawrence and decide to trek there. They eventually reach the hospital, only to succumb to radiation sickness shortly thereafter. Jim Dahlberg (John Cullum) is a local farmer whom he and his family live in rural Harrisonville, Missouri, far outside Kansas City, but very close to a field of missile silos. While those near the impact zone die or become sick quickly, the Dahlbergs develop symptoms of radiation sickness slowly, as they had prepared their basement as a makeshift fallout shelter. They also face the looting and chaos that come after the explosion. During the initial attack, the Dahlbergs' son accidentally stares directly at a nuclear explosion and becomes flash blinded. The family also reluctantly accept a University of Kansas student named Stephen Klein (Steve Guttenberg), who had been hitchhiking to his home in Joplin, Missouri, from school at the time of the attack. After several days, the eldest daughter, whose marriage had been scheduled for the day after the attacks occurred, runs outside panicking into the fallout infected wasteland. Stephen goes after her and manages to bring her back into the house. After this ordeal, the family decides to go out and look for survivors. They discover a church and eventually they figure out that their daughter is contracting radiation sickness. The son is also not doing too well; his blindness does not recover and he does not heal well. Stephen decides to take them both to the hospital at the University of Lawrence. At the hospital, the daughter starts to exhibit the symptoms of radiation sickness and begins to lose her hair. To comfort her, Stephen removes his cap and reveals that he too has lost the entire top of his head of hair. It is indicated that they all have terminal radiation sickness and will die. When the daughter's parents try to return home, they encounter food-seeking people. The angry people shoot and kill Jim as he asks them to leave. While there are no specifics given, it is strongly suggested in the film that America's cities, military, and industrial base are largely heavily damaged or destroyed. Eventually, the unseen American President gives a radio address in which he declares that there is a ceasefire between the United States and the Soviet Union, which suffered similar catastrophic destruction. Several days later. Dr. Oakes wakes up and discovers that Nurse Bauer has died of meningitis. Being almost completely broken, Oakes decides to ask Dr. Hachiya to come with him back to Kansas City where he says he will "see my home one last time before I die". Hachiya shudders and refuses. He knows that he must help the patients and cannot risk dying. Oakes then reluctantly resolves to return to Kansas City on his own. He travels an uncertain distance on foot before managing to hitch a ride on a U.S. Army National Guard truck, where he witnesses US military personnel blindfolding and executing looters without a trial. He then makes his way to the former site of his home, where he finds the charred remains of his wife's wristwatch, as well as a family huddled in the ruins of the house. He angrily orders them to leave. The man in charge of the family does not speak, but offers Oakes food, causing him to withdraw and collapse in tears. The film fades out with Oakes and the unnamed occupant of his "house" crying in an embrace and Professor Huxley forlornly calling into his makeshift radio: "Hello? This is Lawrence, Lawrence, Kansas. Is anybody there? Anybody? Anybody at all...?"
tt1019454
Drama,War
I'm a Marine Vietnam Veteran and this movie had me in tears. This is a movie that should be viewed by all services and by all Americans. God bless all our troops!
tt0800328
Action,Adventure,Comedy
When mischievous teenaged cousins Bo Duke (Jonathan Bennett) and Luke Duke (Randy Wayne) are arrested (Bo for reckless driving during his drivers ed exam, and Luke for setting off fireworks at a carnival), both boys are paroled to the care of their Uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson) in Hazzard County, Georgia sentenced to a summer of hard work. Jesse is carrying on the family tradition of producing the best moonshine in the county since his grandfather began doing it more then 80 years ago during the age of Prohibition. Bo and Luke quickly tire of farm work and take an interest in some of the local girls of Hazzard. One day, in attempting to visit the Boar's Nest, the town's hangout bar, they see Jesse meeting with J.D. 'Boss' Hogg (Christopher McDonald). Jesse is arranging for his regular bribe to the County Commissioner to look the other way from his illegal moonshine operation. In the course of this meeting, the Duke boys inadvertently allow Hogg's prize pig to escape. The pig climbs onto the roof and is injured in the attempt to get it down. Furious, Boss Hogg demands a sizable amount of money from Jesse, due in two weeks, or he will foreclose on the farm. Jesse believes his only recourse is his moonshine operation, but he cannot deliver enough shine in two weeks. Bo and Luke volunteer, and set off to find a fast car to do the job. The boys enlist the help of their cousin Daisy Duke (April Scott), who has just turned 18 but is somewhat of a wallflower who wonders why boys don't notice her. She takes them to the high-school shop class, where they meet perennial senior Cooter Davenport, who gives them a fast engine. After comandeering a go-cart and race through the school and end up being chased by the hall monitor Enos, and a horde of irate scantly-clad girl whom they anger by driving through the girls locker room, the escape from the school. Bo, Luke and Cooter go to the town's junkyard to find a suitable car for their engine, but don't like what they see. On their way home, they find some girls sunbathing next to a local pond. Bo knocks Luke in to try to impress the girls, but upon learning from Cooter that most people who jump in end up either "crippled, on life support, or brain damaged." Bo then jumps in to save him but Cooter ends up saving Luke. While underwater, Bo discovers an abandoned 1969 Dodge Charger and believes it would be the perfect car. They extract the car from the pond, add the engine and some new paint, and the General Lee is born. The moonshine deliveries go well. However, just as it seems they will be able to pay off Hogg, the Boss announces Hazzard is now a dry county, and offers a $25,000 reward for anyone who uncovers an illegal moonshine operation. He will turn the Boar's Nest into an ice cream parlor. Meanwhile, Daisy falls for a new Boar's Nest bartender, Hughie, and applies for a job at the bar. He says she's not the type of girl who should work there, so she undergoes a makeover, cutting the pants off her jeans, to impress him. When she shows up wearing almost no clothes, with her hair let down, Hughie hires her immediately, and agrees to take her on a date. Jesse then holds a large party to raise funds for the farm, but Boss Hogg and Sheriff Rosco arrest Jesse for illegal moonshine sales, and seize Jesse's assets. Daisy, Bo and Luke visit him in jail, and he tells them that Boss is as corrupt as anyone, and the best way to get Jesse off is to find evidence of this. Bo and Luke soon discover Hogg's plan. He wants to convince all the county commissioners in Georgia to ban alcohol, thus paving the way for a thriving ice cream business. More importantly, with all the ridge-runners in jail, Hogg will then be free to make a fortune selling his own illegal shine, turning the Boar's Nest into a speakeasy. His secret? He wants the Duke family still, which produces the best shine in the County. It turns out Hughie is his nephew, and during his date with Daisy convinced her to tell him about the family secrets. Daisy is devastated. At the climax, the Dukes crash the campaign fundraiser, and kidnap Boss Hogg and ride off in the General Lee with the police in tow. They threaten to drive into Hogg Ravine unless he tells them his plan. He is too scared not to tell, and his confession is broadcast over the CB thanks to Daisy's manipulation of Enos at the station. The Dukes then jump the ravine anyway (their first jump), and catch Hughie delivering illegal moonshine into Hazzard. The Dukes then make Boss pay them the $25,000 reward, which they use to buy back the farm. Fed up with Hogg, the citizens demand he reverse his moonshine policy and free all the ridgerunners. However, just as it seems the 112-year-old candidate who always runs for county commissioner will finally win, he dies, leaving Boss as the only candidate, and he is re-elected anyway. Hogg summarily pardons himself for his misdeeds.
tt1295085
Biography,Drama
From Amazon.com: Oscar winner Cuba Gooding Jr. (Actor in a Supporting Role, Jerry Maguire, 1996) stars in this true story about a renowned brain surgeon who overcame obstacles to change the course of medicine forever. Young Ben Carson didn't have much of a chance. Growing up in a broken home amongst poverty and prejudice, his grades suffered and his temper flared. And yet, his mother never lost her faith in him. Insisting he follow the opportunities she never had, she helped to grow his imagination, intelligence and, most importantly, his belief in himself. That faith would be his gift - the thing that would drive him to follow his dream of becoming one of the world's leading neurosurgeons.
tt1131749
Drama,Thriller
Danielle "Daisy" Brookes is an orphan who leaves her ranch and her boyfriend to pursue her school degree. She is "tapped" by the Ivy Society because the leader of the Ivy Society wants an internship that Daisy is in line for. Later she finds out that they have a killing history that was covered up by the dean, who is also an Ivy. The girls attempt to make Daisy one of them fully, but they fail. She then teams up with the dean's son Blake, to take down the Ivies once and for all. She finally takes them down by taping the leader (Azalea) admitting to her murderous behavior and her attempt to set up Daisy. A fight ensues in the pool, where Daisy pretends to drown and then overpowers Azalea once Azalea thinks she has won.
tt0329200
Comedy,Crime,Family
Peter is about to get divorced from Kate and announces that he's living with his new girlfriend, Natalie. He tells his three children, including Kevin, that they are hosting the visit of a royal family and invites everyone to spend Christmas with him and Natalie. After initially refusing, Kevin takes his father up on his offer after being tormented by his older brother Buzz. Kevin enjoys life at Natalie's mansion, until he goes into the security room, where he runs into Mr. Prescott. While Natalie and Peter are away, Kevin notices his old nemesis Marv and new sidekick Vera (taking the place of Harry) outside the house. Kevin drives them away by flooding the house, but Peter and Natalie arrive while Kevin is cleaning up and Peter doesn't believe Kevin's explanation. He attempts to use the security camera footage to prove himself, but discovers that the camera had been turned off and is caught by Mr. Prescott, who Kevin now believes to be Marv and Vera's ally. At a party for the royal family, Kevin notices Marv and Vera dressed up as caterers. Kevin has them fall out and break his bedroom window, then has Mr. Prescott frozen in ice. The royal family are unable to attend the party because their flight was cancelled so Peter and Natalie instead announce their engagement. When Kevin breaks his promise not to mess up the special occasion, Peter gets mad and believes that Kevin is trying to end his relationship with Natalie. Since no one believes him about the heist, Kevin decides to deal with matters himself, and sets booby traps for Marv and Vera and locks Mr. Prescott in the basement. But then he discovers Marv and Vera's real ally is actually Molly the maid, who turns out to be Marv's mother. Kevin gets locked in the basement; after apologizing to Mr. Prescott for misjudging him (and vice-versa), Kevin manages to escape through the dumbwaiter. He then runs to the bedroom and plays a recording of Marv, making it sound like he's insulting Vera, which causes her to break up with him. He also gets Molly trapped in the elevator. Marv and Vera end up swinging from a chandelier, fall and are knocked unconscious. Molly, having escaped, grabs Kevin, but Mr. Prescott knocks her out with a serving tray. As Peter, Kate, Buzz and Megan arrive, they and Kevin chase Marv and Vera out of the house and trip them up. The royal family and Natalie arrive and Natalie is confused when she sees Marv, Vera and Molly getting arrested. Prescott resigns and the royal family choose to spend their Christmas with the McCallisters instead of Natalie. Peter then breaks up with her and Natalie hyperventilates. The McCallisters embrace as the film ends.
tt0319970
Drama,Horror,Sci-Fi
Based on Stephen King's classic, 'Carrie' tells the story of a teenage girl with telekinetic abilities. But Carrie White does not have a happy life; she's an isolated, lonely girl who is either ignored or harassed by her classmates at school; she has no social life; and is excluded from the rest of the world by her ultra-fundamentalist, fanatical Christian mother at home. With graduation just around the corner, Carrie suffers a humiliating incident at school; she has her first period in the shower, and because her demented mother has kept these things a secret, she thinks she is bleeding to death. Her classmates start taunting her in the shower until the teacher puts a stop to it, but the harassment does not end there. The girls, led by Chris Hargensen fill her locker up with tampons and write a nasty message on the door. Carrie's teachers stick up for her & the girls are sentenced to a week's detention in the gym. When Chris skips detention, she is suspended and expelled from the upcoming prom. But Chris & her boyfriend, Billy Nolan, devise a nasty plan to humiliate Carrie when they discover Tommy Ross - one of the school's football players - is taking Carrie to the prom. Through some help from one of her friends, Chris manages to have the election results for King and Queen rigged, to get Carrie & Tommy up on stage. Carrie has finally got her moment in the sun - only to have it come crashing down around her when Chris and Billy drop a vat of blood on Carrie's head. Chris's friends again start to taunt Carrie with mocking laughter. Then, the doors slam shut, fire breaks out - and only a few people will survive... Derek O'Cain
tt1579247
Comedy,Family,Music
The film opens with a clip of popstar Christopher Wilde (Sterling Knight) singing the title song "Starstruck". Then we follow Jessica Olson (Danielle Campbell), a down-to-earth girl from Michigan, as she and her family visit her grandmother in Hollywood, California. Her sister Sara (Maggie Castle) is obsessed with Christopher Wilde- a major popstar and celebrity sensation. She takes Jessica to "Club under 21" in the hopes of meeting Christopher, then forces her to wait in the car and ends up leaving her for several hours. Finally fed up, Jessica leaves the car and goes to search for Sara in the club, but literally runs into Christopher as he tries to leave without being spotted by the paparazzi. He has been offered a movie role (his first) and therefore must remain out of the tabloids in order to prove that he is mature and serious enough about the movie.This run-in with Christopher starts things off wrongly with the two teens. Jessica is convinced Christopher is a shallow, spoiled celebrity. Although she likes his music, she feels he is fake and doesn't know how to just be real. After taking Jessica to the hospital to check out her bruised face from her run-in with him at the stage door, he then takes Jessica to his house because the director in charge of his movie deal is expecting him to remain home, avoid trouble, and stay out of the tabloids. Later, Christpher takes her home but soon realizes he is being tailed by the paparazzi despite his best efforts. As a result, he hides his car in her garage and spends the night in his car without her parents or sister finding out. She then lets him take an old fishing hat of her grandfathers to use as a disguise when he leaves the next morning. Throughout all these mishaps, Jessica finds herself being pulled towards him and his seemingly sincere charm, but convinces herself it is all a show and he just wants her to adore him like all his other fans. The next day Jessica and Sara head to Venice beach, but Sara changes directions and goes to Malibu because the tabloids report that it is where Christopher comes to hangout and surf. Sara sets out to find Christopher, but Jessica sees him in her granfather's fishing hat as he tries to lay low without being recognized. In an attempt to avoid the paparazzi and simply escape for a little while, Christopher decides to take her around L.A. They spend a great day together, just acting like 2 normal teens. However, this comes to a harsh end when they end up sinking Jessica's grandmother's car in a mud hole as they attempt to lose the paparazzi by taking a side road. Dirty and upset, Jessica calls Christopher's life "not real" and "fake", and by extension calls him fake too. After they both cool off (both figuratively and literally), Christopher confides that just hanging out with Jessica was nice, because she wasn't actually asking for anything from him, and they bond again. Here, we see Jessica begin to fall for Christopher and starts to finally realize who he really is and that the demands of being a celebrity aren't as simple and easy as she first thought.They work their way back to Malibu Beach, holding hands and talking. As soon as they arrive in the "real world" though, Christopher fears being seen by the paparazzi and tells Jessica she can't tell anyone about their day or that they know each other. He asks for her camera so she can't share their pictures. He tires to tell her it is to protect her from the madness of the paparazzi, but Jessica believes he is just ashamed of her and not willing to be seen with a normal girl since he is a star. She is extremely hurt and leaves to call a cab. Meanwhile Christopher is spotted and surrounded by fans. one of the paparazzi notices Jessica crying and walking away from Christopher. Jessica's pictures are soon released and everyone is talking about the mystery girl. The director of the movie calls Christopher and his parents and demands for the story to go away- he instructs Christopher to give a interview with the woman who is talking about Jessica and spreading the tabloid gossip, and tell everyone that he doesn't know Jessica and she was only an obsessed fan. Later, when Jessica returns to Michigan, her house is surrounded by the paparazzi and she realizes what Christpher was trying to protect her from. However, she then sees Christopher on TV and hears him deny meeting her or spending time with her. Angry and fed up with the way the paparazzi have forced Christopher to lie and hide himself from the real world, she confronts the paparazzi camped outside her house, and tells them that she "never met the Christopher that they were all so obsessed with."Christopher sees the interview with his best friend Stubby (Brandon Mychal Smith). Stubby knows how he likes Jessica and always admired her honesty. He questions Christopher about everything that happened saying it was ironic that he made her lie when he had always admired her honesty. When Christopher replies with a nonchalant attitude, Stubby grows angry and starts to walk out, saying that Christopher had changed and wasn't himself anymore. Christopher realizes he is right. Whiel in the studio, Christopher's actress-girlfriend Alexis (Chelsea Staub) dumps him, he realizes he is free to pursue Jessica and his own life (following the advice Jessica and Stubby gave him) and not making up the perfect star story to please the press. He fires his parents as his managers and turns down the movie role that made him lie and lose himself in the tabloids, and that on the flip-side would have made him even more famous. Later, Sara's equally Christopher-obsessed friend A.J. insults Jessica for what she said on TV and calls her pathetic for "making up the story about meeting Christopher". Jessica overhears and his hurt, but her seemingly opposite and argumentative sister Sara sticks up for her, sends A.J. home and invites Jessica to the school dance with her. Jessica reluctantly accepts, and Sara helps her get ready for the dance. Later at the dance, Jessica enters nervously and sees people whispering and gossping about her. You hear in the background, people saying negative things about how she made the storysuddenyl appears on stage and says there were things he didn't get to tell her back in California. He then sings her an apology song he has written just for her. After the song, he goes to Jessica and asks for forgiveness. She is still reluctant to trust him again but suddenly the paparazzi appear. He grabs the mic and speaks into the camera, telling everyone he had lied, he did know Jessica and he was crazy about her and would never hurt her again. She slowly smiles and accepts his apology, and moves into his arms to dance. He tells the paparazzi to get lost and they do for once. As they start to dance, he then invites her out for a "real" date, and of course she accepts. As they continue dancing, Christopher's friend Stubby sings a fast paced song and gets the place moving. Christopher and Jessica continue to dance slowly and look into each others eyes as everyone around them dances and has fun.
tt0118178
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
Wish Upon a Star is about two high-school-age sisters with extremely different personalities, who magically exchange bodies with each other for a while, and come to realize what an incredibly bad idea it is to be anyone other than oneself. Alexia (Katherine Heigl) is older and taller. She is socially popular, but she is also dishonest, vain, extravagant, lazy, an "airhead", and a bad student. She hangs out with a clique of obnoxious, cruel, arrogant, and snobbish friends -- Kazumi (Jacque Gray), Talley (Kari White), and Sabrina (January Sorensen). Her breakfast table reading is Self Magazine. She has a boyfriend Kyle (Donnie Jeffcoat) who is actually a decent guy. Hayley (Danielle Harris), the younger one, is a geek and a good student, interested in science and math. She has for some time been working on a science fair project, a lantern that uses discarded fruit as its energy source. She and her friend Caitlin (Ivey Lloyd Mitchell) are both very shy. She has no boyfriend, and secretly covets Alexia's boyfriend Kyle. Her breakfast table reading is Scientific American. But she and Caitlin are not blameless -- They like to read Alexia's diary, and try on her expensive and stylish clothes, after school when Alexia is out with Kyle. Their father Ben (Scott Wilkinson) and mother Nan (Mary Parker Williams) are both practicing clinical psychologists. In spite of the wisdom that this ought to have conferred, they are both comically and utterly clueless and oblivious about their daughters' behavior. They decide early on that taking a "hands off" attitude is the way to deal with the girls' sibling rivalry and Alexia's provocative clothing. If there are no rules, misbehavior will be impossible. Because of this detachment, they never figure out what is going on when the girls switch personalities. Their breakfast table reading is things like Psychology Today or Nature Conservancy. One night, while Hayley is out on the porch stargazing with a telescope for her astronomy homework, she glances down at Alexia and Kyle in the hot tub. A meteor (shooting star) crosses the sky. Hayley makes a wish to be Alexia. The next morning, they wake up in each other's bodies and each other's bedrooms. They stumble around a bit in their unfamiliar rooms, and go into their bathrooms. Alexia, now in Hayley's body, notices it first. She sees herself in the mirror and screams. Hayley, now in Alexia's body, comes in. They both scream at each other. When they are able to talk, Hayley-in-Alexia's-body says: "Man, oh, man, it worked!" "What worked? You did this?" "I made a wish when I saw a shooting star. I didn't think it would work." She brings her hands up to feel her now-larger breasts. (It's completely decent; they are both wearing night clothes. But the Disney broadcast cut out a couple of seconds here.) Alexia-in-Hayley's-body slaps the hands away. She demands that Hayley switch back, which Hayley can't do (it's daytime) and wouldn't do in any case. Alexia leaves the room. Hayley, now in Alexia's body, looks at herself in the mirror. She is delighted. Alexia has no choice but to go to school as Hayley. Hayley has an astronomy test, which Alexia can't possibly take because she is such a bad student. They decide that Alexia-in-Hayley's-body will faint and be taken home, and make up the test the next day after they have presumably switched back. Hayley nearly trips and falls while coming downstairs; she isn't accustomed to her taller body. They drive to school as usual, except that Hayley doesn't know how to drive, so Alexia has to. When they arrive, the principal Ms. Mittermiller (Lois Chiles) sees what appears to be Hayley in the driver's seat, and chews them out for this. During the astronomy test, Alexia-in-Hayley's-body faints, as planned, and is taken home by her mother. At lunch, Hayley-in-Alexia's-body invites Caitlin (her actual friend) to join her and her clique for lunch. Caitlin is astonished at being let into this clique. The other people don't see anything wrong, except for the strange invitation to invite Caitlin. It then comes out that Alexia had split up with Kyle the previous night in the hot tub. These people have an arcane set of rules, one of which is that one is not allowed to go out with any one boy for more than three months, and the clock was up last night. She was supposed to call Kyle a "sick puppy" and send him on his way. Hayley-in-Alexia's-body is horrified. She runs over to where Kyle is. Kyle is hostile. She says "Whatever I said last night I didn't mean. I wasn't being myself." She wants to go for a walk with him after school. He says "I'm not interested in going with someone who calls me a sick puppy." She finally persuades him to get together after his basketball practice, and they can talk, and she can give him a ride home. Meanwhile, back home, Alexia is eating ice cream and watching music videos. Their new neighbor Simon (Matthew Barker) comes over to give her some cookies. He has noticed Hayley and likes her. But this is actually Alexia, and she doesn't know who he is. He is puzzled by this. The time has come for Hayley-in-Alexia's-body to give Kyle a ride home. She has an extremely hard time driving; she never learned. After she goes up on the curb and nearly has some accidents, Kyle takes over the driving. They arrive at Kyle's house. She tells him that he is the most gorgeous guy she's ever met. He tells her that he really likes her, and thinks that she is beautiful, especially now that she isn't wearing so much makeup. She wants him to say that he loves her. He doesn't want to do that, but he says that he really really likes her, and wants them to be together. They do a lot of kissing, over Mozart's sensuous Elvira Madigan Concerto on the car radio (Hayley likes classical, Alexia likes rock.) This is a first for her; she has gotten her wish. When she gets home, Alexia-in-Hayley's-body is already eating dinner. Hayley sits down, and Alexia notices that she has a hickey on her neck from the kissing. She drags Hayley into the kitchen. "That's a hickey, you tramp! Who did this?" "Kyle. We were kissing." "I broke up with Kyle last night." "Well, you got back together with him this afternoon." Alexia drags Hayley into the backyard and yells at her. "You mean to tell me that I'm stuck in this measly little body for another day, while you just parade around, ruining my reputation?" "Looks that way, doesn't it?" "That's it. This is war!" The next morning, the war begins. Alexia-in-Hayley's-body has hung a threatening note over Hayley's bed. When Hayley comes downstairs, she sees that Alexia is wearing an extremely provocative dominatrix outfit. Their parents make no attempt to stop this. Hayley goes back upstairs and dresses as a complete slob. She goes out to drive to school, without taking Alexia. Simon asks for a ride, and she gives it to him. Her driving skills are improving very slowly. Meanwhile, Alexia-in-Hayley's-body goes to school with a boombox and a tape of seductive music. At various times each of them writes an insulting graffito about the other on the restroom wall: "Hayley/Alexia Wheaton is a wench." The photographs of the candidates for Queen of the upcoming Winter Festival are taken that day. Alexia is in the running, and she (that is, Hayley) deliberately "bombs" the picture. It's time for Hayley to make up the astronomy test. It's really Alexia, and she is willfully rude and uncooperative, to the disgust of the teacher, Mr. Frauenfleder (Dane Stevens). At lunch, Alexia-in-Hayley's-body gets up on a table, takes off her jacket to reveal the dominatrix outfit, puts on the boombox, and performs an incredibly raunchy and risque song and dance. (This was almost completely censored in the Disney version.) Caitlin is horrified to see her friend acting this way. To retaliate, Hayley-in-Alexia's-body grabs Kyle, brings him right in front of her sister, and starts violently kissing him, saying "Oh Kyle, you're such a good kisser. Give me another hickey, baby." Ms. Mittermiller arrives and puts a stop to everything. She takes the girls into her office. They are totally unrepentant and disrespectful. She tells "Hayley" that this is grounds for disqualification from the science fair, threatens "Alexia" with suspension, and says that she will meet with their parents the next day. She then takes them both into the ladies room and tells them to clean up the graffiti. After Ms. Mittermiller leaves, Hayley-in-Alexia's-body says: "I can't believe you would do that. I've been working a year on that [science fair] project." "If I could have, I would have had you expelled too. I mean at first you come home with a hickey on your neck. Next you're practically mauling my boyfriend in the cafeteria. What next, Hayley? Are you going to lose my virginity too?" "You--You're a virgin?" "Yes, I'm a virgin!!! I have morals, Hayley! You obviously don't know very much about me." "Wow. I mean, Caitlin and I were sure that you and Kyle were---Well, I didn't do anything like that, except kiss. A lot." "You didn't?" "I can't believe you actually thought I would do that." "What am I supposed to think?" "I'm sorry, Alex. I'm really sorry." They both see that what they have been doing is wrong. They reach an understanding that they will help and support each other, and will switch back as soon as possible. That night, they plan to see a shooting star and reverse the wish. Before doing that, while lying on a blanket in the backyard, they talk. Alexia-in-Hayley's-body assures Hayley that she, Hayley, is good-looking and can get a boyfriend; she just needs social confidence. She should approach Simon. They agree to put off the switch one more day, so that Hayley can gain more social confidence in Alexia's body, and Hayley can use her intellect to show Alexia's teachers that she is not an airhead. The next day, the threatened conference between the school principal and the girls' parents takes place. Ms. Mittermiller tells them in no uncertain terms how shocking the girls' behavior had been in the cafeteria. The parents explain their "hands off" theory of upbringing, that they are allowing the girls to do anything they want, and that they consider this a positive innovation in parenting. Ms. Mittermiller is left speechless. After the parents leave, she mutters to herself "Those poor girls." In a math class that both sisters are taking, the teacher Mr. Watson (Mark Hofeling) asks for a volunteer to work out a practice problem for an upcoming test. Hayley-in-Alexia's-body volunteers. Mr. Watson is initially skeptical, because Alexia is such a bad student. He finally lets her come to the whiteboard and do the problem, which she (Hayley) does superbly. Hayley-in-Alexia's-body goes to hang out at Kyle's basketball team practice. Kyle is very happy; he will be starting on the team for the next day's game, and then Alexia will be crowned Queen of the Winter Festival, and they will dance the night away. He tells her that he loves her. Hayley is in an impossible position. She says "You shouldn't have said that to me. I've got to go home. The next time you say it, you know, the 'L' word, if you decide you still feel that way, pretend like it's the first time." She runs off, leaving Kyle bewildered and heartbroken. She goes out to the parking lot, where Simon asks her for a ride home. He gives her a box of chocolates, and gives her a quick kiss on the cheek. They drive off. Kyle sees the whole thing from behind the door. While they are driving--Hayley's driving skill has significantly improved by now--Simon apologizes for the kiss, and tells Hayley-in-Alexia's-body that he really likes her. Not for her looks, but for her personality. He says that he had had a crush on Hayley at first, but that he and "Alexia" are personally compatible. "Wait. You're talking about Hayley? You think Hayley's attractive?" Simon tells her "It's what's inside that really matters." She is absolutely delighted. Simon likes Hayley, body and soul, for who she really is. She says "Look, Simon. I think you need to get to know Hayley better. We're sisters. We're a lot more alike than you think." That night, the weather is clear, and they plan to stay up and do some star-gazing. But they both fall asleep in the living room, and their parents find them and put them in their beds. But in the middle of the night Hayley-in-Alexia's-body wakes up, realizes what she has to do, goes out onto the balcony to watch. She sees a shooting star and makes a wish to be Hayley again. Unfortunately, the next morning, nothing has changed. Hayley realizes that the change is apparently irreversible. She is ruined. She will spend the rest of her life as someone other than who she is. She doesn't tell Alexia what happened. Adding to her grief, today is an important day for both of them. Her sister will be making the presentation, for the science fair committee, of the project that she had worked on. And the admissions committee of Felder College, that Alexia wants to get into, will be interviewing her, as Alexia. That evening will be the big basketball game and the Winter Festival. At lunch, Hayley gives Alexia some last-minute coaching on how to explain the workings of the distillation process in the lantern. Then they see some flyers that are being distributed, inviting the whole school to a party at Caitlin's house. They are sure that Caitlin would never have done that. It was perpetrated by Kazumi, Talley, and Sabrina. Caitlin had thought they were her new friends, and had simply invited the three of them over for dinner. Alexia and Hayley both go to confront them. Caitlin is in tears. Alexia-in-Hayley's-body takes Caitlin away, while Hayley chews the the three of them out, and demands that they apologize to Catlin. They refuse to do so. Hayley-in-Alexia's-body says that, if they exploit gentle people like Caitlin that way, they are not worthy of being her friends any more. She leaves. She then has one more difficult encounter with Kyle, reminding her of how totally she has messed up her life. Alexia gets through the science fair presentation successfully, and Hayley gets through the college interview successfully. The home team wins the basketball game. Before the Winter Festival itself, Alexia-in-Hayley's-body goes searching for Hayley, and finds her, brooding by herself, in the grandstand of the swimming pool. Alexia shows off the new dress she has bought. She of course got it for Hayley herself, for after they have switched back. Hayley asks: "Do you like it?" "Of course." "Could you live your life like that?" "Sure, but that's irrelevant. We're going to switch back." Then Hayley tearfully explains that the change is irreversible. They can't switch back. She tells Alexia that she had gone out on the balcony the previous night, seen a shooting star, and made a wish. And nothing happened. Alexia then explains that, back when she was in the hot tub with Kyle, she had seen the same shooting star, and made a wish to be Hayley. "Why would you wish that?" "There I was, this C-minus student, about to break up with my boyfriend over some self-imposed rule. I felt totally bored with myself, and my friends, and everything. I realized that I didn't have much of a shot at getting into college. And I look up on the balcony and I see my brainy, adventurous little sister, with all these interests, like conserving energy. And I knew you would never make the same mistakes I made." They come to the realization that the wish only works when both people make it. They run out to the athletic field for some star-gazing. The heavens oblige them, they make the wish, and they switch back. They go back inside, where the Winter Festival is going on. Alexia's three friends come by, and tell her that they have decided to abolish all the funny rules, except for number 9, the one that says they will be friends forever. She then finds Kyle, and says "Just give me one more chance, please?" "What about that other guy I saw you with?" He is referring to seeing Simon kissing her, but she knows nothing about this; she wasn't there. She says "There's only one guy for me. I love you." "I love you too, Aly." Alexia almost misses the announcement that she has won the vote to Festival Queen, because she and Kyle are kissing. Then Hayley finds Simon, and says "Look, Simon. I know you haven't gotten the best impression of me so far. So let's start over." Simon replies "Alex did say I should get to know you better." The two sisters are finally in the right bodies dancing with the right boyfriends.
tt0349747
Biography,Drama
Based on the true story of Prince John, the youngest son of England's King George V (Tom Hollander) and his wife, Queen Mary (Miranda Richardson), who suffered from epilepsy. When he is diagnosed with the condition, along with learning difficulties, John's situation is so poorly understood by medical experts that the Royal Family heed their advice and send John to live on one of their countryside estates far from public view. From this unique position, the "lost prince" is able to watch the downfall of the Old Order as the First World War sweeps away his powerful cousins from their thrones in Germany, Austria and Russia. It is also a story of John's personal growth and the very different love offered to him by his repressed but honourable mother the queen and his impulsive, emotional nanny (Gina McKee.)
tt0461872
Crime,Drama,Mystery
A teenage girl is roughly herded through a non-descript apartment by a man named Andrei (Mark Antony Krupa). He sells one hour with the girl to an obese man, but as the man forces her to her knees and drops his pants, the girl scrambles to the window and jumps to her death. Investigating the girl's death is Russian-American police officer Kate Morozov (Mira Sorvino). Kate estimates the victim's age at 14 or 15, and finds a name tattooed on her neck in Russian; someone the girl loved back home. She disagrees with her partner's estimate of the girl being a local who fell in at a young age. The victim is the third eastern European girl found dead in a month, no ID, nobody knowing her. Kate is certain the girl is a human trafficking victim and decides to call it into Immigrations and Customs Enforcement. Prague, Czech Republic: Single mother Helena (Isabelle Blais) is at home, doing figuring with her computer and adding machine. Her young daughter, Ivanka (Alice Morel-Michaud) sits nearby. Helena steps outside her house where her aunt (Dawn Ford) arrives to take care of Ivanka while Helena goes to work serving drinks at a pub. A handsome young man, Frederick (David Boutin), asks if he might see her later. She smiles over her shoulder as she continues on her rounds. Frederick walks Helena to the bus stop after her shift ends. They make small talk about each other until Helena's bus arrives, and Frederick asks to take her on a proper date. Kiev, Ukraine: two adolescent girls, Nadia Taganova (Laurence Leboeuf) and her best friend, Tanya (Pascale Bélanger, uncredited), are coming out of school. Nadia is holding a brochure for a model scouting agency. The two girls are heavily excited as they rush out of school to where the agency is holding auditions. In a rest room, they change out of their school uniforms into street clothes, register for the audition and take their seats among a number of hopefuls. The founder of the agency is introduced as Mr. Sergei Karpovich (Robert Carlyle), who tells the hopefuls that his scouting agency represents over 200 models, many of whom are famous and earning a lot of money. The auditions are run smoothly and professionally, girls taking turns posing and smiling for several photographs. One photograph of each girl, including pertinent data on them, are posted on a board. Nadia is chosen for recruiting. The chosen girls remain in the studio and are briefed on the next steps by Titania (Bjanka Murgel, uncredited), one of the people running the agency for Karpovich. Nadia changes back into her school uniform before returning home where her father, Viktor (Rémy Girard) is preparing dinner. Nadia realizes she's still wearing the lipstick she put on for the modeling audition and wipes it off with a napkin, but Viktor sees her reflection in a foyer mirror. The two fall to arguing over what has been sore spots between them for some time: Nadia wants to work to help both herself and her father. Viktor insists on her finishing school, even though he's hard pressed to pay for it. Nadia finally lashes out at her father regarding the death of Viktor's wife and Nadia's mother, who encouraged Nadia to try and live her dreams as soon as possible. But Nadia realizes she's gone too far and stands embarrassed and remorseful for several seconds before Viktor quietly tells her to sit and eat. Manila, the Phillipines: The Gray family from America is on vacation: Samantha (Emma Campbell), her husband and their twelve-year-old daughter, Annie (Sarah-Jeanne Labrosse). As Annie calls her grandmother, a young boy on a bicycle stops across a nearby street and smiles at her in a friendly manner. Annie smiles back and waves at the boy, prompting her parents to look over their shoulders at him. Department of Homeland Security, New York City: Kate is visiting a supervisor in ICE, agent Bill Meehan (Donald Sutherland), telling her about the latest European girl to die in America with no known family or next of kin. Agent Meehan has identified the girl as Lena Sanova (Catherine Bérubé, uncredited), a 14-year-old from an orphanage in Russia. Her fingerprints were on a tourist visa eight months ago. Kate reveals that she wants to work for Meehan as an ICE agent. She hands him a dossier of her own credentials and work history in law enforcement, and her fluency in Russian. Meehan is tough to impress, but Kate says she's been focused on these three teenage European girls more than any other case she's worked on for six years. She's infuriated at the people responsible for Lena's death and wants to nail them. Meehan smiles at her moxie and agrees to her undergoing ICE training. Kate promises he won't regret hiring her. Prague, Czech Republic: Helena arrives at a riverside restaurant for a dinner date with Frederick, who has been treating her like a princess. As he pours champagne, Helena shows him that she's gotten a passport, that will allow her to travel with Frederick for a weekend vacation together in Vienna. Later that evening, Helena arrives home, and looks in on Ivanka. Helena says aloud that she thinks Frederick really likes her. Kiev, Ukraine: Late evening. Nadia packs a traveling bag and looks fondly at a photo of herself and her late mother. She puts the photo in her traveling bag and tiptoes to the living room where her father sleeps on a sofabed. She puts a note written in Russian on a table before quietly stepping out of the house. Vienna, Austria: Helena steps off a train and meets Frederick inside the station. She kisses him hello and he tells her how glad he is that she's here. Helena looks pleasantly surprised at the stately manor he drives her up to; a much nicer looking place than her apartment in Prague. The manor looks curiously unfurnished as Frederick brings her into the foyer. But Helena is still thrilled at what she sees; not noticing that Frederick's face now shows a set, purposeful expression. They pass a man near the upstairs landing, leaning against a door as he talks on a phone. Helena gives him a simple hello in passing but doesn't take his presence seriously. But as Frederick leads her into what looks like a spartanly furnished upstairs office, Andrei is seen at a desk. He asks Frederick for Helena's passport. Helena starts to become aware that there are other men in the office, not looking overly friendly. As one of them comes up directly behind her, Helena looks to her right and sees a number of young women, some still teenagers, sitting on mattresses and looking frightened and unhappy. Andrei hands Frederick a generous bundle of cash. The other men in the office are now blocking Helena from backtracking through the doorway. Helena finally realizes to her shock and horror that Frederick has sold her to these men to be their captive and slave. Frederick quickly leaves the manor as Helena is roughly seized by her new captors. Andrei bashes Helena across her jaw, knocking her down onto one of the mattresses. Straddling her, he warns her that he and his network now know where she lives and will harm, even kill, her daughter if she tries to run or disobey them. Helena screams in despair as Andrei rapes her. One of the captives, a young woman named Ludmilla (Sarah Allen), forces herself to look away; her face streaked with tears and etched in terror. Manila, the Philippines: Annie and her mother are shopping in a street fair. Samantha turns away to try on a few dresses at a clothing stall, and just as her back is turned from Annie, the girl looks back into the crowded street and sees the same young boy on the bicycle, shaking a home-made charm bracelet invitingly. Annie walks over to the boy, taking a closer look at the bracelet, which he lets her hold in her hands. The hum of a a small Daihatsu motor van comes up the street. The van pauses just long enough for two men inside to seize Annie from behind and haul her into the vehicle. In the bustle of the street fair, Annie's frightened cries of protest are lost and nobody seems to notice as the Daihatsu drives off with her. By the time her mother hears Annie's cries, the Daihatsu has disappeared into Manila's crowded streets. Samantha and her husband are at the Manila police station where Inspector Roy Filipo (Edouardo Castillon), tries to assure them that they're doing everything they can, although it's difficult to track the Daihatsu without its license plate number, which is probably a fake, anyway. Arriving just then to assist the Grays is Tom Halloran (Terry Haig) from the Department of Homeland Security. They are grateful and hopeful at his arrival, feeling lost in Manila and believing that Annie was the victim of a random terrorist attack. But Halloran is sure that Annie was targeted by sex traffickers. Annie's disappearance fits the pattern, and in a poverty-wracked country like the Philippines, there are plenty of people ready to exploit such a lucrative market. New York City: Kate is at home with her brother, Mischa (Michael Sorvino), who she's putting up while he attends Columbia University. As she's helping him get settled in, they start to watch a news broadcast covering the ICE investigation into Annie Gray's disappearance. Bill Meehan delivers an impassioned address to a full news crew about the incomparable difference in profit between selling drugs and selling people. Manila, the Philippines: Annie is being held in a trafficking 'safe house.' The terrified child cries as the local ringleader, Tommy (Vlasta Vrana), pulls roughly at her clothing and manhandles her body underneath. JFK Airport, Queens, NYC: Nadia the the other girls selected by the model scouting agency go through customs. As the girls head out of the terminal, Titania is seen meeting up with Andrei. The girls all pile into a minivan. Helena already sits in the van, and Nadia takes a seat next to her. Excited at being in the United States, Nadia tries to strike up some small talk with the Czech woman. The van pulls up to an alley in Newark, New Jersey. Helena takes an increasingly nervous Nadia by the hand as the girls all enter the alley and go into a non-descript building by a back entrance. What the young women are really here for, starts to become clear to them as they are ushered through back hallways, down a stairway and into a cluttered room with bunk beds and dressing tables, and their 'escorts' start to become much rougher and harsher. Nadia cries fearfully as she begins understanding the fate awaiting her; the slavers lining the girls up in front of the bunks and ripping off their tops to expose their bras and cleavage. The newly conscripted sex slaves' 'home' is shown to be in a sleazy strip bar called Kimmy's. Sergei Karpovich steps out of a chauffered limo and walks into the strip club. Karpovich, by now, is seen to be the kingpin of a very extensive and world-wide sex trafficking ring; Andrei is one of his lieutenants who travels around the world overseeing conscripting hubs. Inspecting his new 'merchandise,' Karpovich gives the girls the run down. They all wanted to come to America, and he got them there, but it all cost a lot of money: each girl now is in debt to him for over 10,000 American dollars. Karpovich's speech is expertly worded, suggesting to the girls that they will eventually work off their debt to him in a few years, and that he and they are 'all in this together.' But he also warns them that each girl, until she works off her debt, now belongs to him, and if any of them runs away, he knows where they all lived, and the names of all their family members, as well as how to reach them, and if necessary, harm them severely. He tells Andrei and Titania that he wants Nadia and Helena taken to Washington D.C. Karpovich, in the bar room of the strip club, is watching a news program that says that contrary to popular belief, the disappearance of Annie Gray is not the work of Anti-American radicals, but sex traffickers. He calls Tommy to warn him about this, demanding he make sure there is no heat on him. At that moment, Nadia is brought upstairs in a skimpy outfit and made to stand at a dancing pole. Karpovich orders her to strip naked, and with one look at her body, knows that she's a virgin, meaning the first time she's sold, it can be at a significantly higher price. Karpovich is not the only one with Nadia on his mind at the moment; back in her apartment in Kiev, Viktor looks grimly at the note, paces around the apartment, and remembers his arguments with Nadia over letting her do some traveling away from home. He knows that something bad has happened. Nadia and Helena have been moved to a house in Washington, D.C. which appears to be a very ordinary suburban residence only a block away from a children's playground. During a quiet period, the two are allowed to play cards to pass time and talk to each other about themselves, both of them desperately needing a friend. Helena is summoned upstairs to Karpovich's office. Having learned of Helena's aptitude for bookkeeping, he's put her to work handling some of his financial records. Because she's older than the other girls enslaved there, she's also become a den mother to them, a relationship that Karpovich and his lieutenants exploit to keep them in line. Karpovich decides to entrust Helena with a delicate task doing bookkeeping on some of his more private financial records recording profits from the sex trafficking ring. Trusting her with this means reinforcing her fear of him, and he shows her photographs that he's had taken of her aunt and Ivanka in Prague. Karpovich also offers Helena a sizable bribe if she does this bookkeeping job well... the privelege of visiting her daughter soon. Meehan goes to see Kate at her office. He's put her in charge of an investigation into a nearby beauty parlor that is believed to be a front for prostitution. A number of the women there appear to be Russian, meaning Kate's fluency will be invaluable. Kate begins staking out the beauty parlor with other agents, looking over photographs. Among the men being photographed going into and out of the beauty parlor are Andrei and Karpovich himself. Kate and her team have one lead: a store owner near the beauty parlor blames them for his business' stagnancy. Kate speaks with the store owner, who suspects something funny about the beauty parlor because a great many patrons there are men. He also gives Kate a lead: two Russian women from the beauty parlor had come into his shop a few times and took a liking to the gummy bears he sells. Northern Luzon, the Philippines: Farmers are tending to a rice paddy. A farmer named Manong is struggling to make ends meet and keep his family fed. A young Filipino man, Rico (Von Flores), arrives in a pickup truck. Manong speaks to him warily about a deal they've made. Manong lets Rico take his youngest daughter away to a poolhouse that doubles as a child brothel owned by Tommy. As Tommy and Rico herd the frightened girl and a young Filipino boy through the brothel, Tommy takes a phone call and tells Rico that a ship will be ready to transport all the children they're holding. Rico brings the girl to a cellar which doubles as a makeshift cell, where a large number of young children are being kept. One of them is Annie Gray, who immediately tries to comfort the new conscript. Annie's mother, Samantha, is becoming unglued at the seams at Annie not having been found yet. But Inspector Roy has brought in someone who he believes can help: a woman named Ellen Baker (Lynne Adams), who operates a group devoted to stopping human trafficking. Roy has been able to make many arrests through Ellen's organization. Frustrated as she is, Samantha sees she has little choice but to work with Ellen in the hopes of getting Annie back. Tommy is seeing to the building of a large cargo crate. The crate needs to be able to hold all the children so a ship can smuggle them to the Middle East alive and healthy. Kiev, Ukraine: Viktor pleads with Tanya to tell him anything she knows about Nadia's disappearance. She tells him about the model scout agency where she and Nadia went to audition. At that moment, Titania is arriving at an expensive mansion with several young women, including Nadia and Helena. Inside the mansion is a party being thrown by a number of wealthy men, who pay Titania generously for the services of the young women. The party has been going on for several hours, many of the wealthy men are drunk or high on drugs. Slipping out of her shoes, Nadia sneaks to a window and tries to run away. Titania notices and runs after her. Nadia is almost at the gate, screaming for help, when Titania catches up and shoves her to the ground. Titania lashes out at her underlings for the close call, and looks around with extreme worry as Nadia is dragged back to the limo. Back at the house where they are kept, Nadia still hopes to escape and turns to Helena as the only friend she can trust for help. But Helena sharply reminds Nadia that she has a very young daughter who is being watched closely by Karpovich's men to ensure Helena's continued obedience. Helena is summoned upstairs, presumably to be seen by Karpovich. The white-haired slaver who failed to catch Nadia is trying to explain to Karpovich that he fell asleep in the limo. Karpovich, unforgiving, picks up a ballpoint pen and jams its writing point into the burly man's jugular vein. The slaver collapses, bleeding to death. Nadia sees this, but gets back downstairs without being seen by Karpovich. Karpovich tells Helena that she's being sent to another location that same night. Grabbing the Czech woman by the chin, he sternly warns her, under pain of Ivanka's life, not to breathe a word of the underling's death to any of the other girls. Back in the Philippines, Ellen has brought Samantha Gray to her organization's Manila branch office. She shows her a video of herself confronting an American-looking man with a young Filipino girl, who Ellen suspected of being a trafficked child slave. She explains to Samantha that these patrons can be any person's neighbor or best friend or even a family member, and they pay lots of money that keeps the trafficking business going. Although she tries to listen, Samantha's nerves are badly shot. Ellen invites Samantha to stay with her at the organization headquarters. Another child is thrown into the makeshift cell at the child brothel and Annie sits up, pulling at her hair in anger and fear. Not only for herself, but for all the other children. Carlina's beauty parlor is raided by an ICE team led by Kate. They rescue a number of trafficked women; including Helena and Ludmilla. As Kate announces they are being brought to a place of safety for protective custody, Helena runs up to her and begs to speak to her on an urgent matter, although she backs off and shakes her head no when Kate asks if Helena wants to talk right away. Karpovich hears of the raid and furiously orders Andrei to call operatives in Prague immediately; they need to seize Ivanka to ensure Helena's silence. Helena tells Kate her story, how her daughter is now in danger. She knows that Karpovich can have men in Prague hurrying to her home within an hour's time. Kate gives Helena her phone. Helena calls her aunt and warns her of the danger. Two of Karpovich's men are seen getting out of a car in front of the building, but Helena's aunt hears their approach and slips past them, carrying Ivanka out of the building into an arriving police vehicle. Kate arrives at the ICE safe room to bring Helena the good news. Despite Helena's overwhelming relief to hear that Ivanka is safe, she tells Kate that she's too frightened of Karpovich to testify against him. The most Kate can get from Helena is an agreement to testify once Ivanka is with her. Of course, this doesn't sit too well with Meehan, who cautions Kate that all they have right now is a group of smuggled prostitutes. If Kate can't get something more out of any of the women, there is no way to positively link them to a human trafficking ring. Although he can tell that Kate is reticent, he tells her that she has to tell Helena whatever Kate thinks it is that Helena wants to hear, even if it's untrue. Just then, Meehan gets a phone call. Taking it, he tells Kate that she has a visitor. A slick, weaselly attorney, Richard Sapperstein (Joe Cobden) is pressing for Helena's immediate release. He has her passport to positively verify her identity, and insists on proper legal grounds being provided, in writing, to justify protective custody. But Kate finds the proper riposte, asking Sapperstein who hired him to demand Helena's release; she knows Helena didn't do it. Kate snatches Helena's passport and promises to return it to her, and then promises Sapperstein that she'll discuss Helena's release soon as he provides her written documentation of who hired him to even know that Helena was being held in protective custody, much less petition for her release. Kate tails Sapperstein through the streets of New York and sees him being admitted to a cordoned off area where Karpovich's legitimate model agency is giving a presentation. Karpovich is furious at Sapperstein's failure, warning the attorney that he has until tomorrow to see Helena out of protective custody. Helena has seen too much of the inside of Karpovich's organization to be left as a loose end. As Sapperstein leaves, Andrei reports more bad news to Karpovich: police in Prague have Ivanka and Helena's aunt. Kate shows photographs of Karpovich to Helena. ICE has seen his face and knows he's involved, but they don't have his name yet. She promises that arrangements are being made to bring Ivanka safely to Helena's side. When Helena still won't talk, Kate finally loses patience and tries playing hardball, escorts her out of the building, returning her passport and telling her that she's free to go. Meanwhile, back in Kiev, Viktor has learned the name Sergei Karpovich as the head of the model scout agency, and suspects Karpovich of orchestrating Nadia's disappearance. He starts planning a risky bid to infiltrate the organization and rescue Nadia himself. A contact helps arrange for Viktor to visit the mansion in Vienna run by Andrei. He manages to pass scrutiny and bond with Andrei through their both having fought in the war in Chechnya. Andrei tells Viktor that if he hires him, he'd need to be available to leave for Mexico city immediately. Kate and Helena are talking on a rooftop, and Helena manages to let go of a lot of her pain and anguish. She blames herself for falling for Frederick's charm. She also talks about the bond she formed with Nadia. Kate tells a dark story from her past that even Mischa doesn't know about, that explains her ferocity in fighting sex trafficking: When Kate was twelve, her favorite uncle raped and sodomized her during a family gathering. Kate and her team research Karpovich's background. He has a master's degree in computer science from a Russian university, and he runs a fully legitimate modeling agency and internet dating service that make him a lot of money. Helena, while keeping Sergei's records, saw that the brothel house in Washington brought in a quarter of a million each month. Kate knows he operates such brothels all over America and all over the world. Having put together this much intel on Karpovich, Kate quietly begs Meehan for the plane tickets to bring Helena's aunt and daughter to New York, and Meehan now agrees without hesitation. Helena quickly becomes more talkative once she hears this. There's one more person on her mind now that she hopes Kate can help with: Nadia. Helena only remembers that the Washington DC brothel was on a quiet street, but she remembers seeing a yellow bus ride by one day: Kate smiles, knowing it's a school bus, meaning a school and probably a children's park are nearby. Helena also remembers the sound of a train every thirty to forty minutes. Kate tells Helena that she's going to be moved to a safe house, and her aunt and Ivanka are on a plane to the United States as they speak, and will live with her at there. But perhaps the house is not so safe after all: Sapperstein is seen on the phone with Karpovich, telling him that Helena is being moved to a safe house at 1 pm, although he doesn't know where. An unmarked black minivan transports Helena and Kate to the safe house. As Helena looks it over, Kate's cell phone rings. The call is unclear, and Kate has to step out into the hall. Helena glances outside a window and spots a billboard for Destination Airlines. The name rings a bell with her, and she remembers seeing such a billboard before. Seeing Kate occupied with her phone call, Helena opens the door leading from Ivanka's room out onto the terrace-- something she'd been warned she must never do without ICE assistance. Kate happens to look over her shoulder and calls for Helena to come back into the house quickly. A flat, firecracker-like noise rings out. Kate runs to Helena's side, but she's already dead to a sniper's bullet. Part one of the miniseries closes with Kate weeping in grief over Helena's body. Part Two begins in Karpovich's lavish New York City townhouse apartment. Titania arrives to find the apartment being swept for bugs. Karpovich scolds Titania in the belief she didn't see federal agents outside his apartment, staking it out. He's changing his way of conducting business, telling Titania he can't afford to be seen together with her and Andrei any further. Karpovich is sure that the feds are going to try and slip a mole into his organization to get close to him, as he allowed Helena to do. Grabbing Titania's arm, he warns her ominously that anyone who becomes a liability in his eyes will not be retained. Kate is seen at the airport. She has the sad task of meeting Ivanka and Viktoria and telling them that Helena is gone. Back at ICE headquarters, Meehan is trying to snap Kate out of her funk. Hoping to shift the odds back in their favor, Meehan plays a new card. Going back on orders he'd previously given to Kate, he now wants her to talk to the other girls in protective custody. Hopefully one of them will be angered enough at Helena's death open up a little more and start to trust Kate. He warns her, however, not to let any of the other women see her personal feelings of guilt. Unfortunately, Kate runs into a brick wall with Ludmilla. Her fear of Karpovich's reach and influence is so great by now that she takes every word out of Kate's mouth with contempt, including that at some point, ICE will be unable to hold them much longer and will begin deportation procedures, and Karpovich's men will be waiting back at their homes. Viktor has gotten into Karpovich's organization. He's arriving at Mexico City helping to escort a group of trafficked young women. Although he's loathe to treat them roughly, he also knows he can't afford to be too gentle with them, either, and discreetly helps push them forward from time to time. The girls are loaded into two trucks which drive off through the Mexican mesas. The trucks stop at a police checkpoint, and the officers there take 'bribes' in the form of sex with girls of their choosing. In the Philippines, Annie is helping the young Filipino girl feed a couple of birds on the other side of an air vent in their prison. The child looks and acts unwell. Concerned, Annie feels the girl's forehead and notes that she has a bad fever. Ellen arrives back at her organization headquarters to find Samantha anxiously packing her belongings. The long, slow process of trying to find Annie is taking a toll on her marriage and the family's savings. Ellen tries to counsel Samantha as best she can; holding her as she breaks down and cries. Kate, Meehan and Tom Halloran are meeting with a presidential Undersecretary. Halloran must announce that the trail is growing cold on Annie Gray. The Manila police chief is short on staff, and as Halloran notes, many of them are probably on the take. The lead Secretary is having a meeting with the president in a week and they need to come up with somethiing for him to say. The undersecretary asks about the investigation into Helena's death, which Meehan says is all speculation at this point. Knowing that Karpovich tries to demonstrate that he's smarter than the ICE by displaying a squeaky-clean public face, Kate asks the Undersecretary for clearance to bring Karpovich in for questioning. She wants to try and shake him up, make him sweat a little, believing that, upon feeling he's been challenged, Karpovich will want to fight back as a sign of being untouchable. This, Kate hopes, will lead to a mistake on Karpovich's part which they can exploit. Meehan also says that Karpovich must have an extremely large supply of cash from all his prostitution houses, and it must lead somewhere, giving them a trail to follow. At the prostitution house in Washington DC, Andrei and Titania are showing the girls there a newspaper article about Helena's death, using it as a warning to reinforce their fear of Karpovich and further cow them into submission and silence, lest they suffer the same fate. Nadia, still kept at the house, cries freely as she looks at the photo of Helena's face. A client arrives at the house, having purchased time with Nadia. Nadia begs for a moment to use the restroom. Once inside, she starts to fall apart. She spots a carrying case under the sink and fumbles through its contents, swallowing a large number of different pills. As the man is taking her, the pills start to take effect, forcing her to rush madly back downstairs to throw up. Kate goes to a medical office at ICE headquarters. Ludmilla has tested HIV positive. In her homeland, this is as good as a death sentence. Kate says this is more reason why she needs to stay in America, which of course, means Ludmilla needs to play ball with the ICE. Ludmilla is disgusted, thinking Kate is using it as leverage to get her to cut a deal. As the med tech starts to draw blood, Ludmilla suddenly shoves her aside, grabs the needle and then grabs Kate by the throat, brandishing the needle in front of her face, lashing out at Kate as self-righteous. Kate disarms Ludmilla but then quickly backs off, telling Ludmilla that she's going to stop Karpovich, with or without her help. Back home, Kate has come up with an idea. She asks Mischa to help her procure a Russian email address. She wants to market herself as a mail order bride to slip into Karpovich's operation as an abducted sex slave. Mischa knows that Kate is turning to him for help because her ICE team, and Meehan, would never let her go forward with such a bold plan. At the poolhouse/child brothel in the Philippines, Tommy argues over the phone with a contact about delays in shipping the child slaves, Annie sits in the room, dizzily drawing a sketch on paper, as a half-full glass of milk and an open bottle of pills sits on the table in front of her. Tommy carelessly throws down the phone on the bed and leaves the room. He goes out on the pool deck to deal with a client who wants an older woman, feeling that the children are too young for his tastes. Annie glances out after Tommy, grabs up Tommy's phone and places a call to her mother's cell phone. Ellen is driving Samantha to the airport when Annie's call comes through. Ellen hits the brakes and tries to guide Samantha into asking Annie questions that might lead to her whereabouts. Unfortunately, Annie is only half in control of herself due to the pills she'd been forced to take, and she only knows she's somewhere in Manila. Glancing over her shoulder, Annie sees that Tommy is returning to the room, and she stuffs the phone under the blanket so hastily that she forgets to close it back up. Tommy puts a hand on Annie's shoulder, asking in a lecherous tone for her to show him what she's been drawing. Samantha overhears because the phone call is still connected. The lewd tone of Tommy's voice pushes Samantha over the edge, and she pours out all her bottled-up rage, screaming viciously into her phone at Tommy that she's going to kill him. Tommy hears and finds the phone under the blanket, clicking it off abruptly. Only now, Samantha realizes the horrible mistake she's made, revealing to Annie's captor that Annie had sneaked in the phone call while his back was turned, and now he was going to punish Annie severely for this. Ellen tries to comfort a sobbing Samantha, telling her that now they know for certain that Annie is alive. Mischa is helping Kate register for Karpovich's internet dating site, 'Catch my Love.' She has her age put down as 21, believing she won't be desired if she's too old. She and Mischa decide to list her profession as a kindergarten teacher and that she's into gymnastics, believing this will give the impression that she has a slim, attractive body. As Kate and Meehan await Karpovich's arrival, Kate says she thinks Meehan should do the interview. Needing to hide from Meehan that she can't let Karpovich see her face because it would nip her little secret undercover operation in the bud, Kate butters Meehan up by suggesting that Karpovich is too macho to take kindly to being questioned by a woman, and also she knows Meehan is the heavy hitter in the department, and she'd like to watch him at work. Meehan sees through Kate's story enough to know that she's hiding something from him, but he can't put his finger on what. Karpovich denies ever having seen Helena when shown a photo of her before she was killed. He admits having been at the brothel/beauty parlor where she was taken into custody, but says he went there as a john seeking pleasure, and the last time he was there must have been before she started working there, as he'd never seen her before. Taking a good, hard look at Sapperstein, Meehan slyly drops the revelation that Sapperstein, aside from being Karpovich's representative attorney for the interview, was also the same attorney petitioning for Helena to be released from protective ICE custody. A careful back and forth game of cat and mouse ensues between Meehan and Sapperstein. Meehan smiles in anticipation as Karpovich, over Sapperstein's protests, insists he will address Meehan himself. The two lock eyes like alpha bighorn sheep about to butt heads, neither backing down from the other. Karpovich challenges Meehan to arrest him if he's sure Karpovich murdered Helena. Meehan gives a soft chuckle and tells Karpovich that he's on their radar and it's only a matter of time. But he knows as well as Karpovich does, he has nothing solid to pin on him, meaning the whole interview, in Karpovich's opinion, is a waste of time. He curtly tells Sapperstein that they're leaving. Although safely on the transparent side of a two-way mirror, Kate can almost feel Karpovich's eyes squarely upon her. Later that evening, Kate is in her cubicle at the ICE building, checking for responses to her profile on the dating site. She has three responses. Printing one up, the page has a photograph of the responder, named Jeff Templeton. She compares it to photos taken outside Carlina's beauty parlor/brothel and knows that one of Karpovich's spotters has bitten at her bait. Down in Mexico, the truck is stopping a few miles south of the US border. The trafficked girls are warned that they will be led on foot, marching by night and sleeping by day. Any of them who tries to run, or who doesn't have enough stamina to keep up with the hard march, will be killed. Viktor and Walter (Richard Zeman, uncredited), an overseer in Karpovich's organization, march the young women through the mesa and through the border fence, where they're met by two SUV's, which transport them to a gas station/rest stop. There. Walter tells Viktor that he's leaving the escort convoy to take care of business in Boston. Viktor remains with the girls who are transported in another SUV to the brothel in Washington DC. Andrei pays Viktor well for his work and says he's taking another girl to another location. Viktor looks over his shoulder, locking eyes with Nadia. As Nadia stares in amazement and shock, Viktor makes a sudden plea to Andrei, offering to transport Nadia in Andrei's place. But Andrei points out that Karpovich himself doesn't know Viktor yet, and therefore wouldn't trust him with such a task. Viktor can do nothing as Andrei carts Nadia off to the waiting car. Nadia continues to stare at her father in stunned, tearful silence, but knows to keep quiet. Andrei herds Nadia into a studio where she is to be hardcore-raped and roughhoused by two big men in leather harnesses in front of a camera for a hardcore-porn video. A team of ICE agents is researching all of Karpovich's legitimate financial transactions. The news they have for Kate isn't good. One trail led to a dead end, cash payments made every month. Karpovich's operations are proving to be handled with fearsome intelligence and craftiness. Kate is handed a folder with a photo taken of Helena just after her murder on the safe house terrace. Remembering Helena's last words before she was killed, about a plane, Kate goes back to the crime scene. Standing on the terrace, she looks out all around at the view, hoping to spot and recognize whatever attracted Helena's attention. She sees the billboard for Destination Airlines and immediately calls their offices, asking about their flights to New York and Washington. Driving through heavy rains down the streets of Washington, Kate locates the brothel where Helena had been kept; positively identifying it through its proximity to another Destination Airlines billboard, a children's playground, and the train Helena mentioned hearing. She sees a man take a young woman outside toward a car. Suddenly the woman rushes over to Kate's vehicle, slapping her hands frantically on the window, tearfully begging for help. The man grabs her and hands Kate a deadly glance, and Kate promptly averts her eyes, driving away, trying to act frightened. Kate calls Meehan, who lambastes her on driving out alone for unauthorized surveillance. But his anger is quickly curbed when Kate tells him she's positive beyond a doubt that she's located the brothel where Helena had been kept. She asks that the house be raided ASAP because Nadia might still be there, and from what Helena told Kate about Nadia, Kate feels she might be a potential witness toward Helena's murder. In Manila, Tommy and Rico come into the makeshift cell and check on the Filipino girl. Annie tells them she's sure the child has the flu. Rico examines the child and determines that it's much worse than influenza; the girl is afflicted with bacterial meningitis, which is often fatal, and contagious. Annie begs the two men to take the girl to a hospital. Tommy appears to relent, and Rico carries the girl out of the cell. But when Annie climbs up to peer out of the air vent, she sees Tommy kill the child. Annie cries in fear and horror as she looks on. The camera shifts to the office of a physician in New York City, Dr. Smith (Larry Day). He is on the phone with his wife, and the camera pans in to show a photo of him with his wife and their two adolescent daughters. Dr. Smith tells his wife that he loves her before ending the call. But as soon as he's off the phone, Dr. Smith taps a few keys on his computer to bring up a website dedicated to hardcore child pornography. Dr. Smith stares at the screen with a leering look before his secretary pages him to tell him of his next appointment. That next appointment is Karpovich. The consultation seems routine enough, but when making the next follow-up, Dr. Smith casually mentions he's going to be out of town in two weeks, for a vacation with some old school buddies in the Philippines. Dr. Smith asks Karpovich if he knows where one can have 'a good time' in the Philippines, and Karpovich slips him the phone number for Tommy's child brothel. The Washington DC brothel is raided by Kate and an ICE team. Viktor narrowly escapes through a window and races for the train. Kate spots him and pursues. Although she lands hard from a jump from the second-floor terrace and sprains her ankle and knee, Kate still manages to catch up to Viktor on the train platform. Viktor, desperate, takes a chance in explaining that he's the father of one of the trafficked girls and has infiltrated the organization in an attempt to rescue her. When Kate hears Viktor say Nadia's name, she finds she believes his story and lowers her gun. Viktor nods gratefully to Kate as the train pulls into the station and he hurries to board it. Karpovich is furious when he hears about the raid. The raid on Carlina's in Queens, where Helena was rescued, and now the ICE raid narrowly missing rescuing Nadia, shows a deliberate pattern to Karpovich. He's sure there's a mole in his organization, although Andrei insists that all the men under his command are clean. Alone in the studio, Nadia sits naked near the bed upon which she'd been gang-banged. Her face is bruised and cut. Aching for some measure of solace, she sings a song to herself that her mother had sang to her when she was a child. Samantha is joining Ellen in her crusade, confronting American-looking men walking the streets of Manila with Filipino children. Samantha is also showing posters of Annie in the hopes that someone might say they'd seen her. Samantha calls a brief stop to pick up some bottled water for the two of them. Ellen happens to turn around and sees another American man step onto the street with a teenage Filipino boy, and she quickly starts her camera again to film another confrontation. As it happens, they're right in front of Tommy's child brothel, and Tommy quickly rushes out to take up the confrontation himself. He punches Ellen out and stomps heavily on her camcorder to destroy it. Returning from the supermarket, Samantha sees Ellen sprawled in the street. Back at her headquarters, Ellen manages to repair the camcorder enough to replay the recordings. When the film plays back Tommy rushing out at Ellen, Samantha recognizes his voice. Tom Halloran is being driven through the streets of Manila toward the police office in a squad car. He hears from Inspector Roy Filipo that Ellen has identified one of the men involved in Annie Gray's kidnapping; a man with an Aussie accent. Halloran doesn't notice the squad car driver glancing at him through the rear-view mirror. The driver is on the take; working for Tommy. When Tommy has been identified as owner of a strip club and a poolhouse, the driver calls him to warn him that a search warrant has been issued and a raid is forthcoming. The cop doesn't know when. Tommy wastes no time. He and his underlings rush to gather all the children being kept in the cellar and start herding them out. As he warns a female overseer about what's happening, Dr. Smith is seen climbing out of the pool with a young boy, laughing happily. The Manila police raid storms in, as Tommy and Rico herd the children through the back hallways toward an underground garage. Annie, sensing that possible rescue might be near, tries to run toward the commotion, but Rico's pull on her arm is too firm, and Annie is too scared to try and scream. The children are herded into an SUV and Tommy drives off with them, escaping the raid with all of the children. But Halloran bags an important prize: Dr. Smith. Tommy and his men have made it to a shipping port where the crate has been finished to transport the children to Saudi Arabia. He gives each child an injected sedative so they will be able to sleep until the crate has been placed on the ship and the ship is on its way. Annie struggles with Tommy and Rico, her bracelet (from the young Filipino girl) falling to the ground. But Rico notices the dropped bracelet and pockets it. As they walk away, Tommy tells Rico that the ship will arrive in the morning, and they need to be at the docks very early. At the culmination of the raid, Halloran and Roy have found the cellar where the trafficked children were kept. Halloran sees the chalk drawings Annie made, and tells Roy to have Samantha brought over immediately. Kate, back at home, is checking another email from 'Jeff.' She notes that Jeff seems to like her, but hasn't yet asked her if she'd like to come over to see him. Mischa suggests she take initiative and 'pop the question' herself. As Kate turns back to her computer, Meehan comes in to her apartment. He's here because he saw right through Kate's report on the Washington DC brothel raid. He knows that Kate let Viktor go instead of simply failing to catch and arrest him. Kate finally tells Meehan that he had told her to trust her instincts, and she believed Viktor's story that the traffickers had his daughter. Those instincts then spur her to tell Meehan the whole truth, including about her plan to infiltrate Karpovich's organization as a trafficked mail order bride. Samantha Gray cries as she looks at the chalk drawings Annie made of her and her husband, and their house under a warm sun. Back upstairs, Tom Halloran interrogates Dr. Smith. He vows to plaster a mug shot of Smith all over American TV news for his wife and children to see. Terrified of what the future holds for him, Dr. Smith says he found the brothel through a patient of his. Halloran peers close into his eyes and asks, "Who's the patient?" Meehan is delighted when Halloran reports that an American doctor nabbed in Manila raid named Sergei Karpovich as the one who gave him the phone number for the child brothel. And Kate has good news: She's gotten 'engaged' to Jeff; he's invited her to New York. Meehan is deeply concerned about this plan of Kate's, knowing it can go awry on any number of factors... among them, Karpovich knows of the pressure they're exerting on him, and second, Kate doesn't look as young as her profile claims. But Kate is still hopeful that 'Jeff' will see her as attractive enough that he'll bring her before Karpovich. She begs Meehan to let her follow through on the plan, feeling it's their best shot to positively put all the pieces together in a way that will stand up in court. Viktor is at Kimmy's in Newark, helping with the overseeing of the girls there. He strikes up small talk with another overseer named Jimmy (Andreas Apergis), looking to find out a little about other houses in the network. But Jimmy says that Karpovich only trusts a very select few with this information, in case any of the local overseers are caught. One of the dirty Manila cops calls Karpovich to discuss the raid. He assures Karpovich that Annie Gray was among the children that Tommy successfully escaped with. Karpovich then calls Tommy to grill him on the raid; the Manila brothel is yet another link in a very troubling chain that Karpovich feels is being gradually followed right to his own doorstep. Tommy gets noticeably nervous as he recalls having roughed up a woman (Ellen) who'd been causing him trouble. Karpovich's expression changes knowingly as he listens, and his assurance that he trusts Tommy like a brother doesn't sound overly genuine. The crate with the trafficked children is being prepared for onloading onto the ship. Annie awakens and peers through an air vent, seeing the crane backing away. She pounds frantically on the metal wall of the crate, yelling for help, but in the bustle of the docks and the noise from the crane itself, nobody hears her. In the bar room of Kimmy's, Jimmy starts to watch a video replay of the gang-bang video that Nadia was forced to star in. He tells Viktor that he should see it. Viktor looks at what the two men are doing to his daughter and becomes violently nauseous, having to run out of the room. A dark-haired girl Viktor helped bring in through Mexico, pours a cup of coffee for Titania and quietly asks about working her way up to an overseer role in hopes of avoiding Nadia's fate. Tommy is on the phone while walking through the docks with Rico when he is suddenly shot and killed. Rico hides behind the shipping crates and runs off. Halloran and Roy are later investigating Tommy's murder and realize the children he helped smuggle might still be somewhere on the docks. Viktor sees Andrei bringing Nadia back into Kimmy's. Andrei calls for Jimmy, with whom he is heading out to tend to another operation elsewhere. Andrei tells Viktor that he's heading to the airport to pick up new arrivals, and that Karpovich is coming soon, meaning Viktor will finally get to meet 'the boss.' Viktor leans in close and quietly asks Andrei if he can have an hour alone with the girl Andrei just brought in; who was in the video. Viktor goes to the girls' quarters and roughly orders Nadia upstairs. Despite the tone of voice he uses, and calling Nadia a 'bitch,' the dark-haired girl notices the way that Viktor and Nadia look at each other. Once in one of the private rooms upstairs, Viktor tries to reassure Nadia that he's working on a way to get her out. As Viktor comforts his crying daughter, neither of them are aware that the dark-haired girl has put her ear to the door, listening. In Manila, the crate in which Annie and the other children are locked cannot be loaded due to incomplete paperwork; the dockworkers and supervisors are unaware of Tommy having been murdered. The crate, aside from air vents, also has a water tank so the children have water to drink. But without anyone knowing as of yet that the children are locked inside, their lives are still in jeopardy. A crane moves the crate elsewhere on the docks, and the fate of the children is starting to look grim. Annie appears more worried about the fate of the other children than she is about herself. Kate is making herself up to look like the Russian mail order bride she's posing as. Even Mischa is quite surprised at the difference once Kate is done. He notes, however, that by looking into her eyes, he sees a lot more self-confidence than Kate should be showing. Kate pauses, refocuses and projects the proper demure, shy look. Meehan comes in then to bring her to the airport, and is stunned at the sight of her. Kate introduces herself as Katya in flawless Russian; while Meehan doesn't speak the language, he thinks that she sounded plenty real. As Annie, starts to suffer from the heat and stuffiness inside the crate, Rico sits at home. A girl in his family comes up to him and finds Annie's bracelet in his pocket. Rico holds the bracelet and looks at the child thoughtfully. He opens his cell phone and makes a call, asking to speak to Captain Javiere. Kate is driven to the airport. Meehan has all of the paperwork Kate needs for customs declarations. Plainclothes ICE agents will be in the crowd, watching her back. One of the technicians pins a small hair brooch with a listening device in Kate's hair, and a code-phrase is arranged as her 'panic signal' if things start to go wrong. Kate goes to the docking port of the plane to be handed her luggage, appearing to 'debark' from a flight from Moscow like all the other passengers aboard. She goes through customs and is greeted by 'Jeff,' who turns out to be Jimmy. He makes some small talk with her while they head out of the terminal. He brings her to an SUV with Andrei at the wheel and a number of young women in the middle and rear seats, their faces streaked with tears and looking scared. Kate dutifully acts bewildered and frightened at she 'starts to realize' what is going on. The ICE van quickly makes note of the red SUV carrying Kate and tails it to Kimmy's strip club in Newark. Andrei tells Viktor to take the girls downstairs through the back stairs to the girls' quarters. He and Kate very briefly glance at each other in recognition. It's raining heavily outside as Meehan's ICE van parks outside the back alley used to smuggle the trafficked girls in. Listening to Jimmy's voice as he hustles the girls toward their destination, Meehan is deeply concerned; even much more so when his agents say they've completely lost Karpovich's trail. Jimmy yanks away one girl's purse. Kate leans forward to try and plead for him to show some mercy, and Jimmy grabs her hair roughly, warning her never to touch him. Jimmy's grip causes the bugged hair brooch to slip from Kate's hair and fall to the ground beside her. Meehan and his agents note the transmission go dead. Kate puts on a good show of acting terrified, crying in fear as Jimmy roughly manhandles her. At that moment, Viktor tells Jimmy that Andrei wants him upstairs right away. Meehan and the ICE technicians, busy trying to figure out from their end why Kate's brooch has stopped transmitting, are only vaguely aware of a motorcycle pulling into the back alley leading to Kimmy's rear service entrance. Andrei starts to tell Jimmy that he didn't call for him to come upstairs, when he opens the rear service door. The helmeted motorcycle driver is Karpovich. Kate notices that her brooch has fallen from her hair. Seeing it on the floor beside her, she tries to reach for it, but is stopped by one of the trafficking overseers. Meehan tells an ICE response team to take advance positions. He gives a set amount of time for a location to be made on Karpovich before they go in without his presence. The gray van that had pulled in to a small parking area beyond Kimmy's lets out combat-geared agents who quickly mobilize all around the strip joint. Karpovich looks over the new girls and happens to look closely at Kate/Katya. With one look at her face, he knows that she's too old to be part of the group of trafficked girls. Karpovich leans in close and asks in Russian why Kate lied about her age. In the tension of the unfolding scene, Nadia has started to ease toward Viktor. She's just gotten behind him when the dark-haired girl, looking to establish a base of loyalty toward Karpovich in hopes of a 'bump upstairs,' quickly gives Karpovich and Andrei a warning that she believes Viktor and Nadia know each other from Nadia's homeland. At that moment, in the ICE command van, one of the agents tells Meehan that the last known report on Karpovich said he might have left the parking lot where they'd lost sight of him, on a motorcycle. Meehan remembers the motorcycle that quietly drove into the rear alley and realizes that Karpovich is in the building right now. He orders the forward raid teams to storm in. As the one who recruited Viktor, Andrei confronts him personally, threatening to force Viktor to watch Andrei cut Nadia up. Karpovich, in the meantime, is more focused on Kate, saying he doesn't believe her story either. With Andrei's back still to Kate, she takes a demure step forward before suddenly grabbing Andrei's revolver from his back waistband and pointing it point-blank at Karpovich's face, warning all the overseers that she will shoot him dead if any of them make a move. Karpovich puts his hands up to show he's unarmed, but quickly grabs a 9mm from one of his overseers to shoot Kate. Kate gets the drop on him, however, wounding him. Andrei quickly grabs a power switch and cuts the lighting to the room to help Karpovich get away. At that moment, the ICE agents burst in. Andrei fires at one of them and is hit by return fire. Meehan, coming in behind the agents, sees Karpovich emerge from a secret escape into the alley where a team of ICE snipers hit him with several volleys of fire. Although severely wounded, Karpovich manages to turn around where he sees Kate still in the escape tunnel, and tries to shoot her. Kate shoots first, killing Karpovich. Kate delivers a moving address before a packed news conference in the Department of Homeland Security's headquarters lobby. Behind Kate, a large screen monitor shows photographs taken of the work she helped accomplish. As Kate speaks, camera views show Annie Gray being rescued and rushed to a hospital for medical care, and Annie being reunited with her profoundly relieved parents. Kate is seen arresting Titania at an airport terminal. ICE raids more brothels and frees more girls. As Kate tells the news conference about the need to create a climate of hope for trafficking victims, she is seen distributing resident alien 'green card' papers and visas to the girls in protective custody from the original raid on Carlina's. Even Ludmilla breaks down in tears, touching her forehead to Kate's hand in a sign of gratitude. Kate is seen bringing a gift to Ivanka, now living at the safe house in America with Viktoria. In the final scene, Kate is seen looking in on the protective custody area, where Viktor is giving Nadia a pair of earrings that once belonged to his late wife. Human Trafficking closes with images of people walking through crowded city streets, as a closing title caption announces that human trafficking is the third-most profitable criminal business in the world, with as many as 800,000 victims each year.
tt0106104
Crime,Drama,Mystery
[Part One] As Vera Reynolds (Peter Capaldi) performs at a gay cabaret, we see pictures of Martin Fletcher (Danny Dyer) being chased by James Jackson (David Thewlis) and of fire breaking out at the flat where Colin Jenkins (Greg Saunders) is sleeping, all characters who we will learn more about later. As Bill Otley (Tom Bell) and other police arrive at the scene and start the investigation, we also see Jake Hunter (Michael Shannon), an American, giving a talk on serial killers as promotion for his book on the subject. Jane Tennison (Helen Mirren) is in the audience, and when they drive off to a hotel together we learn that they were lovers many years ago and have recently started seeing each other again even though Hunter is now married. Hunter is going on a book tour and wants her to come with him, but she is starting a new job and rejects him, just as she rejected him many years ago. At a police station we see the vice squad waiting for their new chief inspector, and we hear Superintendent Halliday (Struan Rodger) speaking on the phone with Commander Chiswick (Terrence Hardiman). Tennison arrives late on her first day, and Sergeant Otley and other staff have already begun the day's work. Halliday instructs her to focus her efforts on Operation Contract, a long-running programme to clean up vice crimes that failed under Tennison's predecessor. Tennison calls her team together to learn about their progress and the connection of the recent fire to the vice squad. When Otley is late for the meeting she calls him into her office and demands his full cooperation in spite of their history. Jane meets with Jake Hunter at the first class lounge at the train station shortly before he is scheduled to leave. He wants to convince her that they should be together, but she says they should not see each other again. Instead, she asks his opinion on the case. Meanwhile, the dead boy from the fire has been identified as Colin Jenkins, a possible prostitute also known as Connie. Otley visits a local advice centre run by an Edward Parker-Jones (Ciarán Hinds) to speak to some of the young boys who might have known Connie. One of the boys he talks to is Martin Fletcher. At a dinner for retiring deputy commissioner John Kennington (Terence Harvey) we hear Chiswick and Halliday talking about sweeping things under the carpet and keeping them there. Also present is Superintendent Kernan (John Benfield), Jane Tennison's former boss, who gives a speech for the retiree. We also see a Judge Syers (Lewis Jones), first at the dinner, then at the night club Bowery Roof, where he first talks to drag performer Vera Reynolds, then to some other men in suits about the death of Colin Jenkins, which they seem very worried about. That same night Otley and another officer, Larry Hall (Mark Strong), bring in Martin Fletcher for questioning. The next day a complaint is filed by a social worker because Martin is only 14 years old and was questioned without a lawyer present. Tennison gives them hell about it, but it also becomes clear that Martin could be a good witness against James Jackson, a local thug who lures young boys and girls into organized prostitution, and who the vice squad has hitherto been unable to bring to court. Apparently, Jackson had been looking for Connie on the night of the fire and beat up Martin trying to find him. Tennison visits the scene of the crime, and the tech team concludes that the fire was not accidental. Remains of money and some paper and photographs have been found on the burnt body. Chiswick comes to see Halliday in his office, urging him to make sure Tennison hands over the case to the homicide department rather than investigate it herself. Tennison and Otley interview Vera Reynolds; it was her flat that burned with Connie inside. She tells them what she knows about Connie, which isn't much. It is indicated that Tennison has received information from her in earlier cases. The police also bring in Martin Fletcher again; he retracts his previous statement about Jackson and refuses to help. Jackson, on his side, denies any involvement in Connie's murder or Martin's bruises and provides an alibi for the night of the murder. Halliday tries to get Tennison to give up the case, but she convinces him that she should keep going. She then overhears him on the phone explaining to somebody how it would seem suspicious to remove her from the case now. Commander Chiswick soon turns up with several officers assigned as backup for the murder investigation, including Detective Inspector Brian Dalton (Andrew Woodall). The police try to confirm Jackson's alibi, which depends on several street kids as well as centre manager Parker-Jones. Otley brings Dalton along to some street-kid hangouts, and Dalton behaves more confrontationally than Otley likes. One kid, Billy Matthews (Andrew Dicks), bites Dalton in the hand. Jane Tennison visits Edward Parker-Jones to learn more about the night in question, and he confirms Jackson's alibi in detail. Back at the police station we see Brian Dalton in Halliday's office. Halliday is telling him the direction he wants the investigation to take, and it becomes clear that Dalton is not an ordinary investigator. Added to the team are also investigators Lillie (Philip Wright) and Haskons (Richard Hawley), both Tennison's former colleagues, as well as Ray Hebdon (Mark Drewry). Tennison begins to suspect that something is up when a cassette tape goes missing from her office, and she is suspicious of Dalton. However, she is sympathetic towards him when she finds out that the kid who bit him has AIDS and she tells him to get tested. She also asks her own doctor (Eric Deacon) about the risks of HIV infection when she is there for some routine tests. Meanwhile, fag jokes are the order of the day at the station. That same day, Martin Fletcher is found dead from alcohol and drug poisoning. We also see Jackson pick up another boy, Alan Thorpe (Richard Cadman), in his car; Alan later turns up bruised and battered. Tennison meets Halliday in his office, and he tells her to stay away from Edward Parker-Jones. She also goes to see the social worker, Margaret Speel (Alyson Spiro), who had met with Martin the day before. Tennison learns from Hall that the department had also been warned about staying clear of Parker-Jones back when her predecessor, Lyall, was still in charge. Otley calls Lyall to get some information. Lillie and Haskons go to the studio of a photographer, Mark Lewis (Steven Crossley), who does model shots for teens; at first he is very helpful, but then they discover a cabinet full of video tapes including one with Connie, and they find Lewis trying to destroy evidence. They watch the videos of Connie and interrogate Mark Lewis about his business, and he tells them about when he filmed Connie and about the older man who had accompanied him. Billy Matthews appears on one of the videos; the police go to interview him, but find him weak and ill and have to take him to hospital. A journalist named Jessica Smithy (Kelly Hunter), who has been calling the station for days, turns up at Tennison's home with a microphone and camera. It turns out Smithy also has information about the case as she had interviewed Connie, who had agreed to give the names of men he had performed sexual favours for, including a member of parliament and a high-ranking police officer. Meanwhile, the squad go to search Mark Lewis's studio and home, but they have already been emptied of evidence. Tennison complains to Halliday and Chiswick that her investigation is being tampered with, but when she leaves Chiswick expresses concern that Tennison is shedding too much light on the case. The squad listens to Smithy's tapes and interrogates her; they do not learn the names of Connie's clients, but they do learn that Edward Parker-Jones was aware that Connie was about to reveal their names to Smithy. Tennison has also discovered that Parker-Jones' credentials are less than he makes them up to be; the university he has a degree from doesn't even exist. Jane Tennison goes to see the doctor again. He has the results of her tests, and he tells her that she is pregnant. [Part Two] At the police station, Tennison has a staff meeting. Otley has dug up that an Edward Parker has been investigated for crimes against minors in other parts of the country years ago. Tennison says she'll take the trip to interview the accusers. When Ray Hebdon shows himself unusually knowledgeable about the local gay scene he admits that he is a homosexual. Tennison shows him confidence, but most of his colleagues shun him. Dalton seems most stunned by the revelation, and he and Hebdon have a confrontation. Meanwhile, Tennison speaks to Halliday, who tells her to charge Jackson rather than spend time on Parker-Jones and more elaborate theories. The squad track Jackson down and tail him to a house where they also find Billy Matthews, who has checked himself out of hospital. Tennison and Dalton travel to Manchester and talk to a young man called Anthony (Jonny Lee Miller), who tell them about the sexual abuse he suffered by Parker-Jones as a kid, and also by a police officer when he tried to report it. Tennison also meets with David Lyall (Christopher Fairbank), her predecessor, who gives her additional information. Back in London, Lillie and Haskons go undercover at the Bowery Roof Club in drag. This upsets Vera, who fears for the consequences. In the street, she is approached by an angry Jackson, but convinces him that she is not to blame. Instead, he seeks out the two drag police officers and attacks them, but they overpower him and bring him in. Otley gets some of the street kids to point out a house where kids were brought to make films and perform sexual favours. It belongs to retired deputy commissioner Kennington. In Cardiff, Tennison interviews Jason (James Frain), another victim of Parker-Jones's, who has suffered mentally from the years of abuse. When Tennison and Dalton leave the estate where he lives he jumps from several floors up and injures himself severely. Later, Tennison asks Dalton straight up about his loyalties, and Dalton confesses that he is to report to Chiswick whenever Tennison's investigation crosses an ongoing investigation of blackmail connected to John Kennington's possible links to a paedophile ring. Tennison also finds out that Jason's social worker in Cardiff was the same as Martin Fletcher's in London, Margaret Speel. They interview her, and she confirms that she has had a longstanding relationship with Parker-Jones, which may have cluttered her judgement. Back at the station, Halliday is angered by recent events and yells at the squad. Tennison and Dalton go to the home of John Kennington and ask him questions about the murder, but he refuses to answer. Tennison also drops by to see Mike Kernan, who tells her that she is unlikely to get anywhere with a case against Kennington. She also asks him about a job opening as superintendent and implies that she would be interested. Back at the office, Dalton apologizes about his role in the investigation and becomes emotional when he tells her how much he fears that he might be HIV positive. Otley tells Tennison that he's brought Parker-Jones in for questioning. She would have preferred to wait, but interrogates him as well as Jackson while the unit are busy breaking their alibis and uncovering new details. The next day Tennison is called to a meeting with Halliday and Chiswick, who demands that she drop her investigation of Parker-Jones. She refuses, but she does agree to leave John Kennington out of it in return for being put forward for the superintendent position. Tennison interviews Vera Reynolds again, promising that Jackson will go to jail for a long time. This time she tells her about Connie and how he tried to blackmail Kennington and sell his story to the papers. Connie got Martin Fletcher to steal photos and documents from Jackson. Tennison again interrogates Jackson, who claims it was Parker-Jones who wanted to get back the evidence from Connie. Meanwhile, Margaret Speel goes to see Edward Parker-Jones and yells at him about what he's done. Later, the police are called to the Kennington house where John Kennington is dead. Mrs. Kennington (Rowena Cooper) tells Tennison that he shot himself that morning after a phone call from Edward Parker-Jones. In her office, Jane calls her doctor. She arranges to have her pregnancy terminated. She cries. Tennison calls in Vera for questioning again, angry with her: Jackson has claimed to have seen Vera at the advice center on the night of the murder, and Vera confirms it. She also tells Tennison that Connie was not alone when Vera left him at the flat that night, a journalist was there. Vera returned home to pick up something she had forgotten and discovered Connie showing the journalist Vera's photo album. After the journalist left, this made Vera so angry that she hit Connie with an ashtray, thinking she killed him. When Vera told Parker-Jones and asked him to call an ambulance, he said he would take care of everything. Vera tells Tennison she was too afraid of going to prison to tell her the truth sooner. When Vera goes to the lavatory she cuts her wrists; she is taken to hospital, but it is never confirmed if she survives. Tennison talks to Jessica Smithy, who had withheld the information that she was in the flat on the night of the murder, but now confirms the story. The squad go to the advice centre to pick up Edward Parker-Jones once again, and Tennison interrogates him. She shatters his alibi and establishes that due to a delay on ambulances it would have been possible for him to call emergency and then go to set Connie and the flat on fire before the ambulance arrived. But she doesn't succeed in getting a confession, and with no hard evidence she has to let him go. Superintendent Halliday tells Tennison she has the new job. Jessica Smithy returns with some pictures Tennison had instructed her to bring in. Tennison decides that it would be unforgivable if Parker-Jones were allowed to continue his work with children. She gives Smithy a file of Colin Jenkins's case so she can write the story.
tt0106356
Biography,Comedy,Drama
This first appeared on www.realmoviereview.com This Emmy-winning made-for-TV movie takes a humorous look at actual events in a big 1980s takeover war. It falls somewhere between a light drama and a comedy, but the seasoned professional acting (particularly lead James Garner) and experienced direction is far above usual TV standards. There is a pretty good story about excess and the battle for big bucks. James Garner is F. Ross Johnson, who has gone from being a hardworking paperboy in Winnipeg, Canada to a jet setting, big spending CEO in NYC. When Johnson is faced with an expensive project that seems headed for failure, he chooses to deflect shareholder backlash by trying to raise the money to buy the company himself. It might have worked, but when a couple other green sharks get the whiff of possible profit, the bidding war is on. What follows is corporate juggling, scrambling, and general skulduggery in a world where all the numbers have nine zeroes. Imagine a Wall Street where Gordon Gekko is a charming, nice guy (but greed is still good) and with a comedy slant, and you will have some idea of what to expect here. All in all, this is a pretty fun way to learn the difference between a corporate takeover and a hostile takeover. Admit it. You have always wanted to know.
tt0113483
Adventure,Biography,Drama
The Old Testament story of Joseph, favorite son of Jacob (Martin Landau) and great-grandson of Abraham, who was sold into slavery by his brothers, but who rose to become prime minister of Egypt. Joseph (Paul Mercurio) governed the country during a seven-year famine, during which his brothers visited Egypt seeking grain, only to encounter their brother, whom they had long presumed dead. Also features Ben Kingsley and Leslie Anne Warren.
tt0105462
Biography,Crime,Drama
Siberia, 1917. Russia is mired in the third bloody year of the First World War, fighting against Germany. The brutal war and the Tsar's inept, autocratic rule have created an atmosphere ripe for revolution. Josef Dzhugashvili (Robert Duvall), a 38-year-old Georgian using the revolutionary nickname of "Koba," has been exiled to Siberia yet again for his violent activities including bank robberies, kidnappings, and killings. In his writings, he has begun using the name Stalin- Man of Steel. Stalin is drafted into the Tsarist army but fails his physical due to a damaged left arm and a deformed foot. A devoted follower of Vladimir Lenin (Maximilian Schell), Stalin is present when the exiled Bolshevik secretly returns to Russia. Stalin meets his future wife, Nadya (Julia Ormond), while in Siberian exile. She is only seventeen and the daughter of a revolutionary friend. Stalin employs her as a personal secretary but soon takes her as a mistress. After the Tsar is toppled and murdered, Stalin's ruthlessness is fully unleashed in the service of Vladimir Lenin. He confines two dozen "unreliable" former Tsarist army officers on a prison barge and orders it sunk, enraging his chief rival for Lenin's favor- revolutionary Leon Trotsky (Daniel Massey). Stalin and young Nadya are married in 1919. Nadya serves as Lenin's personal secretary while Stalin agrees to serve as Party General Secretary. His fellow Politburo members look down on him as an uneducated, unsophisticated thug, but it is a fatal mistake. Stalin's sheer ambition and ruthlessness make him a supremely dangerous adversary. Shortly after the birth of Stalin and Nadya's first child in 1921, Lenin suffers a debilitating stroke. Lenin's worried followers cannot help but notice the look of steely resolve on Stalin's face. Stalin stays close to Lenin as he recuperates, but they quarrel over Stalin's ruthless tactics and ambition. Stalin is also hated by Lenin's wife, Nadezhda Krupskaya (Miriam Margolyes). In Lenin's prolonged absence, an anti-Trotsky power troika of Stalin, Zinoviev (Andras Balint), and Kamenev (Emil Wolk) is formed. When Lenin dies in 1924, Stalin plays the loyalist, directing that his body be embalmed and permanently displayed in Red Square. Stalin seeks to inherit Lenin's mantle, but It turns out that before his death Lenin had dictated a letter to the Central Committee condemning Stalin for his cruelty and encouraging his removal as General Secretary. Lenin's damning political testament is later suppressed at Stalin's orders. Fearing a conspiracy between Trotsky and the other Central Committee members, Stalin decides to strike first. He has Trotsky purged from the party and eventually exiled. Stalin's extreme paranoia leads him to systematically purge his ranks of other old comrades who might be potential competitors, first replacing Zinoviev. The unscrupulous and sexually perverted Georgian, Lavrentiy Beria (Roshan Seth), becomes Stalin's right hand man. Nadya begins to recoil at her husband's increasingly vindictive and sadistic personality. Stalin cements his iron grip on even the most remote parts of the Soviet Union, jailing or killing all who oppose him. Stalin's monstrous nature is increasingly revealed through his relationship with his son from a previous marriage, Yakov. Stalin's first wife had died from typhus at a young age, and Stalin had subsequently abandoned the young boy. When Yakov arrives in Moscow seeking a relationship with his estranged father, Stalin is cruelly contemptuous of him. Later, when Yakov asks permission to marry a Jewish girl, the harshly anti-Semitic Stalin refuses. His distraught son flees to another room and shoots himself. Stalin, seeing that the boy has only succeeded in wounding himself, sneers, "Idiot! He can't even shoot straight." It is the last straw for Nadya, who leaves Stalin and flees to her parents' home in Leningrad. Receiving little moral support from them, Nadya returns to Moscow, witnessing mass deportations and evidence of widespread starvation along the way. She publicly confronts and shames her husband at a banquet celebrating the fifteenth anniversary of the Bolshevik Revolution. Stalin responds by burning her with a cigarette. In the morning, Stalin is awakened after a night with his mistress to discover that Nadya is dead- ostensibly from appendicitis, perhaps a suicide, but most probably murdered on Stalin's orders. Now the sole parent of two small children aged eleven and six, Stalin once again declines to be a father. A new rivalry draws the attention of Stalin in late 1934. Sergei Kirov, a loyal Stalinist and head of the Communist Party in Leningrad, has become increasingly popular, to Stalin's dismay. Under suspicious circumstances, Kirov is killed by a lone assassin in Leningrad. Though Stalin's involvement is widely suspected, no direct evidence emerges to implicate him. Stalin's wholesale purges are just beginning. Despite Stalin's assurances to the contrary, Zinoviev and Kamenev are soon liquidated in Lubyanka Prison by Beria and the NKVD. Upon reporting the executions to Stalin during a dinner gathering, Beria amuses the bloodthirsy attendees with a ghoulish imitation of the condemned men's last moments. Another of Stalin's old comrades, Bukharin (Jeroen Krabbe) soon fears that his turn has come when the NKVD comes for him at his home. Stalin "just happens" to place a phone call to Bukharin as he is being arrested and feigns surprise at the police intrusion. Stalin calls off the secret police, but a terrified Bukharin gets the message. Stalin soon attempts to coerce another old ally, a man named Sergo, into betraying Bukharin. When Sergo refuses and makes the mistake of threatening Stalin, Stalin makes it clear that suicide is his only option. He will be given a hero's burial within the Kremlin walls. Sergo complies. Bukharin is soon framed and put on trial in one of the infamous "show trials" of 1938. The verdict is a foregone conclusion. Like the others, Bukharin is taken to a dark prison cell and shot by Beria. Stalin also orders the murder of exiled Leon Trotsky, who is now living in Mexico City. After Stalin cynically concludes a 1939 non-aggression pact with Hitler, the massive German invasion of the Soviet Union in June 1941 comes as a nasty surprise. Stalin is panicked and angry, accusing his generals of gross incompetence. General Voroshilov (John Bowe) reacts angrily, accurately charging that Stalin's purges of the Russian military leadership during the 1930s were responsible for the failure of the Russian defenses. Stalin seemingly has a nervous breakdown, disappearing from view for ten days. When he finally recovers his wits, he takes complete charge and predicts in a radio address, "Hitler will go the way of Napoleon...to defeat, to despair, and to his death." Stalin's son, Yakov, is soon taken prisoner by the Germans. When informed of his capture, Stalin callously replies, "I have no son Yakov." Yakov is later killed trying to escape from a German prison camp. Stalin ruthlessly leads the Soviet Union to victory over the next four brutal years. Twenty million Russians die during the conflict. Fearing infection from Western political ideas, Stalin sends hundreds of thousands of returning Russian POWs to Siberian prison camps after the war. Stalin's sadistic sense of humor continues until the very end. A 1953 dinner gathering includes Beria, Molotov, Kruschev, Voroshilov, and Stalin's grown daughter Svetlana. Stalin, increasingly frail and suspicious (even of his doctor), notices that Beria refuses his soup. He insists that Beria taste the soup first, apparently suspecting it is poisoned. Beria tries to beg off, but Stalin forces the issue. After his guests have eaten their soup, Stalin poses a question: who will follow him as Russia's leader? In response to the stunned silence, Stalin suggests that since none of them are worthy of succeeding him, he wishes to be rid of them all. He points out that he didn't eat his own soup, since he had the soup poisoned. His horrified guests giggle nervously and uncertainly while Beria rushes from the room to throw up. After Beria leaves, Stalin chuckles, dips his spoon into his soup, and begins eating. The relieved diners laugh heartily, but none of them doubt that it could have been true. Dinner ends abruptly when Stalin grabs at his temple, having suffered the first of many strokes. Soon after, Stalin is on his deathbed, surrounded by Beria, Molotov, Kruschev, Voroshilov, and his doctor. He is suffering from congestive heart failure after years of smoking and stress. At one point, the doctor tearfully points out that he is struggling to breathe. Beria replies, "Let him suffer- the murdering bastard!" To Beria's horror, Stalin opens his eyes and stares at him. Beria drops to his knees, kisses Stalin's hand, and begs his forgiveness. When Stalin fades out again, Beria spits scornfully on the floor. Svetlana arrives just in time to bid him goodbye, then faints. In another room, Kruschev and Molotov quietly discuss Stalin's legacy. Kruschev bitterly condemns Stalin's atrocities and their effect on Russia, but Molotov rebukes him. He points out Russia's modernization and industrialization under Stalin, and argues that Stalin allowed Russia to take its place as a great nation. "Our history required Stalin."
tt0105604
Biography,Crime,Drama
At the Wabash Ave. Police precinct in Chicago, a man, Marko Miklovich, reports his 19-year old son missing, and urges the officer taking the report to call the construction company his son worked at, LPW. The officer sends the man away with instructions to wait 48 hours before inquiring again. A few months later, a woman is reporting her 18-year old son missing to police in neighboring Des Plaines, IL. The officer assures her he will likely show up sometime soon. December 11, 1978. 15-year-old Chris Gant is working at the Austin pharmacy, and has just asked his boss, owner Vincent Austin, for a raise. He is disappointed when his boss refuses, in spite of wanting to give him a raise for his hard work. Nearby, a burly contractor and owner of LPW Construction, John Wayne Gacy, overhears the conversation and states he starts his staff off at twice the rate the pharmacy pays. Chris overhears Gacy and thinks about talking to the contractor. He buys a gift of perfume for his mother's birthday and then gives co-worker Cindy Beck a roll of film for development. She puts the receipt in his parka - an act that will prove important later. Chris discovers that Gacy has left behind a workbook while talking to Mr. Austin about putting in shelves, and when his mother comes to pick him up he tells her he just wants to speak to the contractor who left the book, as he may offer Chris a job. As closing time approaches, there is no sign of Chris. His mother looks out in the parking lot and calls out to him but gets no reply. Cindy and Mr. Austin check through the store but there is no sign of him. Mr.Austin decides to phone Gacy just in case, but gets a recording. As the recording is playng we see Gacy's Oldsmobile parked outside, indicating he is, in fact, at his home. Next morning, Des Plaines P.D. Chief of Detectives Lt. Joseph Kozenczak is reviewing the Chris Gant missing persons file with a colleague, when the desk sergeant comes in and tells him that the family is outside. Kozenczak reviews the details of their son's disappearance with them, and finds out the details of Chris' apparent meeting with John Gacy. The lieutenant then asks to speak privately to Chris's sister, Lorna. He asks if Chris could have run away; Lorna tells him that they were informed of a 48 hour waiting period before police could act (according to department policy), and also that Chris had disappeared on her mother's birthday. Kozenczak is now convinced that Chris Gant is NOT a runaway, and orders his colleague, Det. Williams, to work full time on Chris Gant's file until the boy is found. Williams protests, but Kozenczak insists on carrying on. He also calls in 2 other men to help. Gacy eventually returns a call to the police and tells them he had been seeing a sick uncle, which delayed his visit to the police. Later on Kozenczak pays a visit to Gacy at his home,and is brushed off by the contractor. After the lieutenant and 1 other officer leave the house (and a 2nd officer sits outside), we see Gacy climb the stairs to the attic and shine a light on a big bag that has been trussed with rope and weighed down. Not long after, the company van, driven by Gacy's foreman Ted Koslo, leaves the house and the officer follows. Gacy soon emerges from the house, looking out into the empty street. Next day, Kozenczak approaches the City Attorney regarding a possible search warrant for Gacy's home, after another detective discovered that Gacy had assault complaints against him pending in Chicago. Showing the violent nature of the assault to Attorney Carlson, she urges caution but has a colleague help Kozenczak with a request for a warrant. In the meantime, Gacy has shown up with his business lawyer and starts making a statement to Kozenczak's colleagues. Kozenczak takes the application to a judge, who has met Gacy personally and is stunned by the nature of the kidnapping complaint contained in the warrant. The judge asks Kozenczak if he thinks Gacy has, in fact, 'grabbed a kid' ; Kozenczak replies, 'Yes, sir'. The judge only pauses a second before signing the search warrant. When Kozenczak returns to the police building,he asks Gacy for the keys to his house, and hands Gacy's lawyer the warrant. The lawyer orders Gacy to hand over the keys, but asks how the warrant was obtained. Kozenczak replies simply, 'talk to your client' , and Gacy reluctantly hands over the keys. Arriving at the house, Kozenczak and his men start their search. They find several things that point to a possibly chilling end for Chris, as well as several items implicating Gacy in the possible disappearance of several other young men; hundreds of pieces of jewelry (too small for Gacy), numerous pairs of underwear (also too small for Gacy), wallets minus the ID, male pornographic magazines, and handcuffs. But Kozenczak himself finds the most chilling thing: a board with a set of handcuffs at either end. Another officer finds a trap door in the closet, which leads to a crawlspace under the house. The door is opened but the officers see nothing in the crawlspace. After returning the keys to Gacy Kozenczak informs him that the company van and Gacy's car have been impounded for inspection under the warrant's terms. Gacy curses at the lieutenant and his lawyer drives him home. The lieutenant approaches his boss, Chief Wally Cameron, about having Gacy placed on 24-hour surveillance. The chief reluctantly approves, but Kozenczak still has to get the cooperation of the department's Delta Unit commander, Mike Paxton. 24-hour surveillance is commenced, and the officers see Gacy committing numerous drug offences and driving recklessly, but do not arrest him. While processing the evidence obtained from the house, Kozenczak and the other officers discover that a ring found in the house came from a boy who attended the same high school as Kozenczak's son, and when Det. Williams visits the boy's parents he is informed that their son has been missing for 2 years. They also find out from their surveillance teams that Gacy's foreman, Ted Koslo, owns a car that matches the description of the car that belonged to the boy whose ring was found in Gacy's house. Koslo is interrogated and reveals that Gacy sold the car to him for $350. He also reveals that Gacy has been 'hitting' on some of the young men who work at LPW Construction, and also that Gacy could not be at his father's funeral as he was in Iowa under unclear circumstances. Kozenczak instructs Det. Williams to find out the reason, and it is discovered that Gacy was incarcerated in Waterloo, Iowa for a sodomy conviction dating back to 1968. As no one currently at the department knows the details behind that conviction, Kozenczak contacts Waterloo's Chief of Police the following day at his fishing spot. The chief tells Kozenczak that Gacy brutalized and raped a young man multiple times, keeping him prisoner in his garage. Gacy was paroled after only 18 months, after which time he returned to Chicago and apparently resumed his criminal behavior. Gacy's former wife, Helen, visits Kozenczak and informs him that during their marriage Gacy was taking boys into the garage. She also tells him that a father called about his missing son - a John Miklovich - and wanted John to call him back. Gacy reportedly said he 'had better things to worry about than some dumb kid who had quit on him'. Kozenczak visits the Gant family & advises Mr. Gant that he has arranged for an Illinois State Police search team to start looking in the tree belt & along the Des Plaines River. He also states the search team will need pieces of clothing that Chris wore, so the dogs can pick up the scent. Mr. & Mrs. Gant now realize that Chris is most likely never coming home alive, and Kozenczak promises to continue to look for Chris and find him, dead or alive. Gacy begins to sense the net of the law closing in around him, and files a lawsuit against Des Plaines Police & Kozenczak to shut down the investigation, taunting the lieutenant, 'Don't you know a clown can get away with murder?', referring to his alter-ego as Pogo the Clown. Kozenczak is undeterred by this threat, and continues with drawing the net ever closer to his prime suspect. City Attorney Carlson is made aware of the lawsuit, and that it is only a short time before it enters a court of law. Also, she believes a judge will grant the restraint order and that she will not fight it as, 'besides, Don tells me most of your men are fed up anyway.' Det. Williams informs Kozenczak that Lester Trask's mother informed him that Lester had carried a small portable TV set in his car, and when Kozenczak looks over the photos taken in Gacy's house during the search warrant he discovers a TV in the room that matches the description exactly. He decides that his men will have to try to find a way to track down the serial number, and Det. Williams speaks to Mrs. Trask again about locating the papers with the serial number. The State Police search of the tree belt & Des Plaines river area reveals little of significance, but the sergeant in charge does tell Kozenczak that evidence was uncovered of tire tracks leading to the river's edge, and drag marks - possibly a body - leading to the water. The sergeant also states that the river is frozen solid and there is no way to search for the body until spring. As Kozenczak instructs his CSIs to check the tire treads again, something catches his and the sergeant's attention: one of the police dogs has assumed the 'death pose' at the trunk of Gacy's car. Unfortunately, it isn't substantial enough to be accepted as evidence. Det. Williams visits John Miklovich's father at his meat packing plant, and is informed by the father that Gacy was uncooperative in his efforts to find his son. Even more chilling was the way Mr. Miklovich described the way Gacy looked at his son when he came to pick the boy up from work. When he visits the Gants again, Mrs. Gant asks when Gacy will be arrested. Her husband gently replies, ;that's police business'. Mrs. Gant comments that her son took so many lovely photos, but they had so few of him, and speculated there may be some in the roll Cindy was getting developed. Kozenczak immediately asks when the roll was put in for developing, and a quick call to the Austin Pharmacy reveals it was entered on December 11 - the night Chris disappeared, and that Cindy Beck had entered it. As Kozenczak locates the photo receipt from the evidence room, Det. Williams calls the high school, only to be told that she is away at a swim meet but will be back later that afternoon. Kozenczak & Williams catch up to Cindy at the school, and they inform her that the receipt was found in the house of a man they believe has killed Chris Gant. Cindy states that she had put the receipt in the coat Chris was wearing the night he had disappeared. Kozenczak goes to City Attorney Carlson to apply for a 2nd search warrant, but the overly cautious City Attorney, afraid of stepping on legal toes, does not think it is enough to justify a warrant. She pawns it off on her deputy and runs out the door to a basketball game. Kozenczak & Williams angrily turn on the deputy, stating a 2nd search warrant MUST be obtained before a restraint order is obtained. Gacy starts inviting surveillance officers into his home, and during 1 of these visits an officer tries to get the TV serial number. As he does so, under the pretext of using the bathroom, he notices a strong, foul smell coming from the heating vents in the house. When he emerges, Gacy violently evicts the men, threatening them as they leave. The officer, however, is successful - but got the model # instead of the serial number. Later, that officer states to Kozenczak that he had smelled that nasty scent from Gacy's house before; from his days in Chicago P.D. He states it was exactly the same as the smell from the dead bodies at Cook County Morgue. Kozenczak & the officer head for the City Attorney's office. Gacy, meanwhile, has showed up at his lawyer, Jake Burns, office, violent, angry, and high on drugs. Burns takes Gacy into his office, while the surveillance officers remain in the lobby. Gacy is in the office for several hours, and Burns emerges the next morning just as the officers' surveillance relief arrives. Burns informs the officers grimly, 'Whatever you do, DON'T let him go. Shoot out the tires of his car if you have to.'. The officers are stunned, but follow Burns' instructions as Gacy emerges from the office. Burns suggests calling a doctor, but Gacy reacts violently to Burns' suggestion. The officers follow Gacy out to his car & start tailing him again. In a meeting with Carlson, Kozenczak lays out all the evidence uncovered so far. First, is the photo receipt put into Chris Gant's jacket the night his disappeared, and was found by Kozenczak during the search of the house. Also, the officer who smelled decomposition of flesh, coming from the heating vents in Gacy's house. In addition, there is the car sold to Ted Koslo, which previously belonged to a missing boy whose ring turned up in Gacy's desk; there is also the still-missing John Miklovich; and the surveillance team's report that even Jake Burns does not want Gacy escaping. Carlson is finally satisfied there is enough for a warrant, and Kozenczak returns to his office to start preparing the affidavit and evidence. During the warrant preparation, surveillance officers pursue Gacy toward Chicago's O'Hare Airport, where Koslo told officers Gacy would try to fly out from. The officers call in Mike Paxton, the supervisor, and he soon joins the pursuit and catches up to Gacy. He signals Gacy to pull over, but the contractor continues to drive recklessly. Kozenczak is informed of the developing situation and authorizes the arrest to stop Gacy from leaving. Carlson does not think Gacy should be arrested, but she is unaware that Gacy had supplied Koslo with illegal qualuudes in front of officers. Paxton & the other 2 officers finally force Gacy off the road & arrest him for posession & distribution of an illegal substance. As Gacy is being brought in, Kozenczak & the evidence technician, armed with the 2nd search warrant, enter Gacy's house. The foul stench is immediately obvious to the 2 men as they enter. Kozenczak goes to shut off the furnace while the evidence technician goes to work in the crawl space. As the lieutenant walks back towards the front door, the evidence tech calls up to him; 'Lieutenant, you'd better call the medical examiner. I think there's parts of 2, maybe 3 bodies down here'. That night, the street in front of Gacy's house is cordoned off with yellow crime scene tape. It is also swarming with police cars, ambulances & crime scene vehicles. Officers are emerging from the house with basket stretchers containing the skeletal, decomposed remains of 25 boys kidnapped, tortured & then killed by John Gacy over a 6-year period - and found buried in the crawlspace of his house. A 26th body was reported found under the concrete floor of the garage, and a 27th under the recreation room's floorboards. Chief Cameron congratulates Kozenczak on putting a stop to John Wayne Gacy. Inside the house, most of the walls & floors are stripped as more bodies are removed. It is revealed that Chris Gant's body was not among them, although his blue down jacket was found behind the furnace. That spring, Joe Kozenczak continues to hunt for Chris Gant's body. 4 months later, at the junction of the Des Plaines & Illinois rivers, he is found. As Kozenczak drives off to break the horrible news to the family, the final disposition of the case is revealed; John Wayne Gacy was tried & found guilty of Chris Gant's murder as well as 32 other murders of young men & boys. He was sentenced to die and as of filming was awaiting execution (the real John Wayne Gacy was executed by lethal injection in May of 1994). The methods Kozenczak & his men used to ultimately prove Gacy's guilt became the FBI's template for training state & local police forces in detecting - and arresting - serial killers.
tt0314097
Biography,Drama,History
The film opens in 1934 with Winston Churchill (Albert Finney) being driven through the lush forests and countryside of southeastern England by his son Randolph (Tom Hiddleston). Churchill steps out of the car, strides to the top of a tall hill and gazes out across a broad valley. He vividly imagines his famous ancestor, the Duke of Marlborough, heroically leading a British army in battle on the verdant plains below. Returning to Chartwell, his Kentish estate, Churchill is in denial about the family's precarious finances. The upkeep on the estate and the maintenance of a sizable household staff are draining his bank account. The Wall Street crash of 1929 did serious damage to Churchill's investments. Accompanied by his wife Clementine (Vanessa Redgrave), Churchill is driven into London to speak to a half-empty Commons chamber at Parliament. He warns the few members present against allowing the loss of India, describing Mohandas Gandhi as a "seditious Middle Temple lawyer" and a "half-naked fakir." Churchill is in the political wilderness, unpopular with his more liberal colleagues who view him as an embarassing relic of a declining British Empire. Once the First Lord of the Admiralty, Churchill now fears that his illustrious career, stretching back to the battle of Omdurman, is at an end. While Churchiill addresses Parliament, his wife secretly visits a London banker to discuss their finances and explore household economies. Churchill soon receives a visit from Desmond Morton (Jim Broadbent), an intelligence advisor to the British Foreign Office. Morton is greatly concerned about the massive military build-up in Germany, where 8,000 pilots are in training. Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin (Derek Jacobi) and the British people are in the grip of pacifism, being only twenty years removed from the Great War horrors of trench warfare. Morton begins to recruit Ralph (pronounced "Rafe") Wigram (Linus Roache), a fellow Foreign Office official, to quietly monitor the Nazi rearmament threat and secretly report to him and Churchill. Wigram and his wife Ava (Lena Headey) are raising a mentally-challenged son named Charley, to whom they are completely devoted. Wigram is well aware how the Nazis treat the disabled. Churchill continues to beat the drum in Parliament about German rearmament, but he is ridiculed, needing hard facts and figures to substantiate his claims. The British government is downplaying Nazi strength in order to keep the peace and in hopes of reaching an accommodation with Hitler. Wigram is worried about German intentions and approaches Morton for advice. Morton tells Wigram that he requires detailed (and therefore classified) information to bolster Churchill's efforts. Wigram nervously begins passing top secret Foreign Office documents to Morton, who passes them along to Churchill. Armed with the new information, Churchill addresses Parliament again and begins to gain traction. Wigram and his wife are subsequently invited to Chartwell for a visit. Wigram confesses his fear of being caught while helping Churchill, but he receives reassurance that his involvement will be kept in confidence. Upon returning to work, Wigram receives a blunt warning from Foreign Office Under-Secretary Robert Vansittart (Tom Wilkinson) that Churchill uses people for his own ends. Adding to Churchill's woes, Clementine soon announces that she is joining a family friend on a four-month expedition to Komodo Island. Churchill is appalled and accuses her of selfishness. A huge fight ensues, for which Churchill is forced to apologize. Nevertheless, she embarks on the lengthy trip and Churchill finds himself at loose ends. He forces himself to "keep buggering on." His constant hectoring about Germany has galvanized his enemies in the government, who now seek to force him from office. Churchill's uncanny command of German rearmament details and his friendship with Wigram has aroused suspicion. Ava Wigram receives a surprise visit from Baldwin henchman Ivo Pettifer (Hugh Bonneville), who threatens to reassign her husband to a remote posting, where the special care required for Charley would likely be unavailable. He wants her to pressure Ralph into discontinuing his collaboration with Churchill. Incensed at the crude blackmail attempt, Ava rebuffs him. Clementine's prolonged absence and frequent written references to Terrence Phillip, a wealthy and dashing art dealer who is with her on the expedition, worry Winston. He fears that she has fallen in love with the man. Although her affections were tested, she eventually returns to an elated Churchill. Wigram becomes increasingly despondent over Germany's march to war. He worries that his assistance to Churchill may have been a mistake, that perhaps appeasement was in fact the right course. As he prepares for a scheduled defense meeting, his secretary reluctantly informs him that his presence isn't required. He wasn't invited. When Ava and Charley return home that evening, they encounter a melancholy Ralph. The following morning, Ava awakens to a beautiful overnight snowfall and a beloved husband who has died during the night. At his funeral, a devastated Ava tells Churchill, "Ralph's life was very precious to me. Please tell me that it wasn't wasted." Churchill reassures her that she should be very proud of him. Ralph understood the dangers facing him and acted bravely in spite of them. The inexorable slide into the abyss continues. Churchill soon hears Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain's ominous announcement that a state of war now exists between Great Britain and Nazi Germany. Churchill is summoned to London to join the War Cabinet as First Lord of the Admiralty. He and Clemmie bid farewell to Chartwell to begin their new life in London. Before he exits the car to report at the Admiralty Office, he emotionally thanks Clemmie for being rash enough to marry him, for staying with him through the years, and for loving him in a way that he never thought he would be loved. Winston Churchill steps out and walks alone into the Admiralty, embarking on the fateful course that eight months later would elevate him to Prime Minister during the war years. He is informed that a signal has already gone out to the British fleet: "Winston is back."
tt0759612
Biography,Crime,Drama
From HBO.com: LONGFORD [Jim Broadbent] is a thought-provoking story inspired by real events in the life of British Lord Frank Pakenham, the 7th Earl of Longford, and his controversial headline-making friendship with one of England's most notorious criminals. Longford, a devout Catholic, often visited prisoners because of his passionate belief in forgiveness and society's need for prisoner rehabilitation. In 1965, he begins visiting Myra Hindley [Samantha Morton], a young woman serving a life sentence for murdering children with her lover Ian Brady [Andy Serkis]. Though Longford encountered public outrage, discouragement from his wife Elizabeth [Lindsay Duncan], doubt from his family, and criticism from his colleagues and the press, he continued to visit and exchange letters with Hindley. After learning that she once converted to Catholicism, Longford encourages her to return to the church and ask for God's forgiveness. After the Prime Minister removes him from the House of Lords, he devotes his time to crusading for Hindley and other prisoners. His wife eventually joins the crusade after reading Hindley's letters, meeting her and seeing the horrible prison conditions. She suspects that Hindley is receiving harsher punishment because she is a woman. Longford takes Hindley's cause public, talking to the press about her case and defending her as an accomplice corrupted by Ian Brady. At first, Hindley is grateful for Longford's efforts and seems to make progress in her return to the church. Later, she unexpectedly rejects his help and shocks him with the news that she lied to him about the murders. Once this information is made public, Longford's good name is damaged even further. Longford begins to question his religious beliefs, but reaches a deeper level in his Catholic faith when he is able to forgive Hindley for her transgressions against him. Many years later, she asks him to visit her once again and he complies. He shares with her the importance of their friendship to him. Until the end of his life in 2001, Longford continues to visit prisoners, crusading for prison reform. Hindley dies in prison in 2002 after serving 36 years, even though the average life sentence is 12 years for men convicted of similar crimes. To this day, Ian Brady continues to serve his life sentence.
tt0094754
Comedy,History
In a small Moustache Shop in England, resides Ebenezer Blackadder (Rowan Atkinson), and his assistant, Mr Baldrick (Tony Robinson). Ebenezer is one of the nicest men there ever was, generous and giving to a fault (so generous that the majority of his profits are given away to charities). On Christmas Eve, Ebenezer is visited by the Spirit of Christmas (Robbie Coltrane), who just happens to have accidentally stopped by Blackadder's place by mistake. Even so, Ebenezer offers him some respite from his busy evening of helping miser's to change their ways. The Spirit tells that Ebenezer is ok, but in his past, there are other Blackadders who are quite miserly. Curious, Ebenezer asks to know more, and the Spirit goes into several flashbacks. The first vision shows how Lord Blackadder managed to con his way into great fortune and entitlement by tricking Queen Elizabeth (Miranda Richardson) into executing Lord Melchett (Stephen Fry). The second vision shows Edmund Blackadder tricking Prince Regent (Hugh Laurie) into giving up his valuable worldly goods to the poor. These visions intrigue Ebenezer, and he also wishes to see the future. However, the Spirit shows him two futures: if he becomes bad, his future descendant will become ruler of the Universe. If he stays good, he'll become the slave to the future descendant of Mr Baldrick. The Spirit of Christmas then attempts to leave, hoping that none of what Ebenezer has seen will cause him to stray from the side of good. Ebenezer claims he won't, and the Spirit departs. The next day however, it becomes apparent that Ebenezer has lied. Every single person he encountered the previous day shows up for hand-outs or to take advantage of him, but Ebenezer is crass, rude, and ill-tempered towards almost every single one of them, including Baldrick. Two strangers soon come to call, but Ebenezer tells Baldrick to have them go away. When they refuse to do so, he insults the two strangers. Tucking into a dinner-for-one (though Ebenezer does give Baldrick the wishbone from one of the turkeys he's having), Ebenezer remarks that the two people looked a bit like Queen Victoria (Miriam Margolyes) and her Prince Consort, Albert (Jim Broadbent). Baldrick explains that it was the real Queen and Prince, who were going to give Ebenezer 50,000 pounds and the title of Baron Blackadder. Ebenezer scoffs at this, saying that if it really was the Queen, she would have presented them with her royal seal...which Baldrick pulls out of his coat (the Queen had given it to him at the door when he answered it).
tt0082114
Drama,History,War
An American captain wants to see the infamous bunker of Hitler. The Russian guard lets him head into the bunker. Water covers a good deal of the floors. Here is where Hitler lived his last 105 days. Flashback. January 16, 1945. The Americans are at the Rhine River in Germany. Hitler goes to his bunker in Berlin. Bormann checks the place out and comments, "What have we come to? Reports come in that the Russians are raping all German women. Goebbels arrives. Reichsminister Albert Speer, Hitler's architect and industrial production man, arrives. Speer wants to try to talk Hitler out of his plan to destroy all Germany. Speer gets his private audience, but Hitler is absolutely committed to his plan of utter annihilation of Germany as a punishment for betraying him. Speer talks with Dieter Stahl, Chief of the Munitions Division, about the possibility of assassinating Hitler by introducing into the bunker a new poison gas that is said to be able to penetrate any air filter. Stahl tells him that it is too risky of a gas and that mustard gas would be better. Speer asks Stahl to get him some of the gas and Stahl agrees. Hitler is in conference with his generals. He is furious with them saying that the generals have let him down. One of the generals strenuously objects and the only thing that Hitler does to him is to tell him to go on six weeks of sick leave. Bormann speaks with Speer and asks him why he has not carried out Hitler's plan for total annihilation of German towns and villages. Speer says that there have been administrative problems. He then has to speak with Hitler about the subject. Hitler tells him that he has read Speer's long memorandum on the subject but says there will be no reconsideration of his policy. He becomes extremely mad at Speer when the architect dares sits down: "How dare you sit in my presence?" Speer is then dismissed. He later learns that he has been replaced with Bormann as head of the annihilation plan. The next time Hitler speaks to Speer he tells him that he must believe that the war is not lost. But Speer says the war is lost. Then Hitler retreats a bit and says "If you could just hope we will win" that would be enough to satisfy me. Speer feeds Hitler some other lines and Hitler announces his victory with "I knew I could rely on you". Goebbels reports to Hitler that the American president, Franlin Delano Roosevelt, has died. The minister of propaganda is absolutely ecstatic. That happiness, however, is offset by the message that Vienna has fallen. Eva Braun, Hitler's mistress, arrives. The head of the German Air Force, Goering, arrives followed by head of the secret police Himmler. Himmler is secretly negotiating with Count Bernadotte of Sweden about peace. Berlin is now closed on three sides. Hitler tells his generals to send General Steiner in with his Panzer corps, but Steiner only has 11,000 men. Hitler demands to know who was responsible for not stopping the Russians in their latest move. It's the 56th Panzer of General Wielding. Hitler tells his staff to have the general executed. Hitler goes outside and praises the kids who are now serving as German soldiers. Goebbels calls his wife and tells her that the time has come. That is code for the situation is so bad that it is time to bring the children to the bunker to commit suicide with Hitler and Eva. The Goebbels believe that a world without Hitler would be simply unbearable. Bormann asks Hitler to move to greater safety in Bavaria, but Hitler answers with a definite no. Two of Hitler's secretaries come in to tell Hitler that they want to stay with him through the bombardments. Hitler nods in agreement. Magda Goebbels and her six children arrive. Conferring again with his generals, Hitler learns that General Steiner has been captured. Hitler goes into a rant saying that the army has betrayed him, that his orders have not been carried out. He finally admits: "I'll die in Berlin. The war is lost." Eva Braun's brother-in-law Colonel Fegelein is brought by force into the bunker. The man has been absent for three days and was about to leave Berlin. Hitler chooses to be lenient and tells his staff to release him. But then Hitler is told that Himmler has offered to surrender the western German armies to Eisenhower. Hitler then even gets madder when he learns that Goering in a message to von Ribbentrop said that he will take over in Germany after Hitler's death. Speer has come to say good-bye to Hitler because he is leaving, but Hitler is too angry to give him much notice. But Hitler has time enough to tell Bormann to execute Fegelein. Hitler and Eva Braun have afternoon tea and crumpets. Hitler is distracted with his worries, so Eva asks him if they can tell the secretaries the good news. She gets the okay and she tells the women that they will be married. There is only about 48 hours left until the arrival of the Russians at the bunker. Hitler asks General Mohnke, who is in charge of the defence of Berlin, if he can hold out until May 5, the anniversary of Napoleon's defeat. The general tells him that he can give no assurances as to any particular date. There is a farewell dinner for Dr. Goebbels. Hitler learns that Mussolini and his mistress have been executed and their bodies hung upside down in the public square. The end has come. Hitler and Eva Braun say good-bye to their staff. They then retire to their private chamber where they both bite down on cyanide capsules. Almost simultaneously Hitler shoots himself in the head with his revolver. Their bodies are taken outside the bunker and burned. Now it is the turn of the Goebbels. In their beds, Magda makes all six children bite down on cyanide capsules. They are quickly dead. Magda and Joseph go outside and repeat the actions of Hitler and Eva Braun. The staff now leaves the bunker with the exception of the engineer in charge of operating the electrical generator. Only six of the staff that left were able to avoid capture by the Russians. Two of Hitler's secretaries were captured by the British. Bormann's body was finally discovered in 1972, a suicide committed at the time of the fall of Berlin. Albert Speer was captured and served 20 years in prison.
tt0337824
Biography,Drama,History
Mexico, 1912. Mexican revolutionary Pancho Villa (Antonio Banderas) finds himself without adequate funding to finance his war against the military-run government. He also finds himself at odds with the Americans because of the Hearst media empire's press campaign against him. To counter both of these threats, he sends emissaries to movie producers in Hollywood to convince them to pay to film his progress and the actual battles. Producer D.W. Griffith (Colm Feore) is immediately interested and convinces Mutual Film Studios boss Harry E. Aitkin to send a film crew. Aitkin's nephew Frank Thayer is initially a mere errand boy for the studio, but he makes a good impression with Villa, who demands that Thayer be placed in charge of the project. Thayer and a camera crew team arrive in Mexico and film Villa leading his men to victory in battle. Despite the failure of this initial footage (which draws derisive laughter from potential backers) Thayer convinces Aitkin to invest even more money in a second attempt, and also convinces Villa to participate in making a more narrative film. Over a year later in 1913, Thayer returns to Mexico with a director, actors, producers, cameramen and screen writers, and begin to film Villa's previous exploits using a younger actor. The filming goes well, although Villa becomes angry that the screenwriters and the director have changed history to make a more dramatic film. Another few months later, Villa then assembles an army to attack a Federal held fort at Torreon. Thayer and his team go into film the action. After a skirmish on the way to the fort, Villa's army arrives at Torreon and lays siege to the fortress. Villa orders an attack and personally leads the charge. Villa's army is initially successful, but they suffer heavy casualties and are forced to withdraw. That night, Villa orders his army to bombard Torreon into submission, and, after a long, brutal bombardment, Villa's cavalry finish off the last of Torreon's Federal defenders. However, Thayer and his camera crew team witness Villa personally shooting a Mexican widow in cold blood with his handgun during the aftermath of the battle. Disgusted, the team leaves. In 1914, the silent feature film, 'The Life of General Villa', is shown in theaters in America, and to great box office success, although Thayer and his camera crew members regret making the film. Nine years later in 1923, the recently retired Villa is driving his 1919 Ford Dodge roadster with an associate and two of his bodyguards through the large town of Parral, Chihuahua. His car is flagged down by a Mexican civilian, when several civilian-clothed Federalies suddenly pop up with machine guns. Villa reaches for his pistol, but is shot several times and is killed.
tt1543920
Animation,Action,Adventure
The 2003 Ninja Turtles find their 1987 originals captured and held hostage by Hun. The 2003 Turtles defeat Hun, and the Purple Dragons and rescue their classic originals and escape to the modern Turtles' Lair. Meanwhile, the Technodrome from the 1987 TV series along with Shredder, Krang, Bebop and Rocksteady are together again and fight both versions of the turtles. Meanwhile the classic Shredder, transports the Utrom Shredder back from the ice asteroid that he was sent to after the "Exodus" episode. The classic Shredder and Krang had no idea that the modern Shredder would turn against them and sets out to erase the entire Ninja Turtle Universe, starting all the way back to the 1984 Mirage Comic series to where the Ninja Turtles are as of today, including the 1987 TV series Turtles, the live-action turtles, all the comic book turtles, and the modern TV series Turtles.
tt0963207
Documentary,Comedy
The 14th Standup comedy special of George Carlin to be performed live at Santa Rosa, CA
