tt0079308
Action,Comedy,Crime
In Miami, Florida, veteran policeman, Ernie Fortunato (Dom DeLuise), works the burglary task force with fellow officers, Doug (Jerry Reed) and Ramon (Luis Avalos), and is due to retire in less than two months. When supervisor, Captain Geiberger (Ossie Davis), informs the group that the task force's funds are being suspended due to a low rate of convictions, the officers are frustrated. They argue that they apprehend plenty of the criminals, but the liberal judges release the outlaws. For the team's final weeks, the captain assigns police sergeant Louise Webster (Suzanne Pleshette) to the unit. After arresting Hymie (Sydney Lassick), the owner of a disreputable pawnshop, and two of his customers, for trafficking stolen goods, Doug conceives an idea for the task force to establish an undercover fencing operation. Using their remaining departmental budget, they can take over Hymie's shop, buy contraband, and catch thieves without searching for them, all without violating entrapment rules since the crime occurs before the arrest. Louise, who is experienced with surveillance, suggests videotaping the transactions, which will help ensure convictions in court. The captain is intrigued and obtains approval from the police chief, but on condition that Miami police will deny the scheme if the media finds out. As the first order of business, the team arranges for Hymie to take an extended vacation. Next, Louise sets up a hidden camera behind a two-way mirror to videotape customers at the counter. As a way of encouraging repeat business, Ernie and Doug pay top prices for stolen goods, while Ramon handles the accounts and keeps track of customer names and addresses. Furthermore, to enhance their reputation among criminal sellers, the team gives the impression of being members of organized crime. One night, three holdup men enter the shop pointing guns and steal all cash on hand, but the officers are unable to react because they do not want to expose the operation. After the incident, Ernie obtains a watchdog, named Jaws, who looks friendly, but happens to be a trained killer. The team buys a variety of stolen loot, ranging from harmonicas to chickens, and keeps track of the inventory in the back warehouse. Soon, a steady stream of petty thieves frequents the pawnshop. After the captain remarks that the customers should look more directly towards the camera, the team decorates the border of the two-way mirror with nude pictures of women. Unaware of the scheme, Lieutenant Kiley (Barney Martin) from the Miami Police Organized Crime Unit stops by and says he will investigate the shop unless he receives a weekly payment of $1,000. When he leaves, Louise is satisfied that she captured the corrupt officer on camera. Another day or two later, Florida mafia boss, Carmine (Marc Lawrence), arrives with two of his henchmen. He advises Ernie and Doug to cease claiming that they are part of the mafia "family" and orders them to shut down the business. Ernie declares they are members of a powerful out of state crime syndicate that is expanding, but Carmine remains suspicious and threatens to return. During a risky deal with weapons dealers, Doug and Ernie are taken by boat to a construction site and shown a truckload of machine guns for sale. They wear wires, while Louise and Ramon follow close behind and record the conversation. When the dealers demand immediate payment, Ernie and Doug reveal their police badges and weapons. A gunfight ensues, but the team finally outwits and apprehends the crooks. Back at the pawnshop, a boy delivers a dead fish, which Ernie interprets as a mafia death threat, and, later, the team is nearly the victim of a bomb that Carmine disguises in a Cuban cigar box. With their spending budget nearly exhausted and the warehouse stacked with stolen goods, the task force and the captain prepare to end the operation. To make arrests without arousing suspicion, they throw a party and invite all their criminal customers. During the festivities of food, drinks, and dancing, the captain plays the role of the team's mafia boss, and guests are required to walk through a metal detector before entering. As everyone is enjoying the party, Ernie announces to the crowd of petty thieves that he and his colleagues are police officers and everyone is under arrest, but the guests do not believe him and laugh. As he tries to convince the crowd, Carmine and his thugs barge into the party. Carmine declares that he will not tolerate encroachment into his territory, and Ernie and Doug are knocked to the ground. The action sparks a fight as the petty thieves enter the fracas. Screaming that he only has two days left until retirement, Ernie backs away from Carmine, who is pointing a gun at him, but the bullets miss, and Ernie is only soiled by ketchup. As Miami police units finally arrive on the scene, the petty thieves and the mafia men are divided into separate groups and transported to prison. Later, at Ernie's home, the captain reports to the task force that the operation resulted in 250 arrests and 231 convictions. The captain also happily announces that, instead of retiring, Ernie will be promoted to assistant director for the new burglary task force. As everyone goes home for the evening, a burglar sneaks out of Ernie's house with a television set.
tt0139615
Drama
Ray Joshua is a young, drifting African-American from Southeast Washington DC who is into both small time drug-dealing (marijuana) and hip-hop versifying, his gift of gab on call for special occasions from friends like Big Mike, a big shot in a tough neighborhood called Dodge City. When Mike is shot with Ray beside him, cops who saw the hit arrest Ray, who--while not the shooter--is still clapped into D.C. Jail for possession of marijuana. Ray's introduction to the world of incarceration is stark and unfeeling: he is hounded by a mouthy inmate, lectured by stern guards, and told by a public defender that his plea options--as a poor black guy from Southeast--are all bad. Psychologically and physically, every part of him wants to break out, and Ray finally does break out verbally, spilling a cascade of poetry into the jail yard which stops the homies in their tracks. His performance is witnessed by Lauren Bell, a literature teacher at the jail who wants him to join her poetry class. She, however, has to cancel the class due to lack of funding, but she still asks him to look her up on the outside. When one tough inmate Hopha befriends him, Ray is able to make bail and look up Lauren. The two come to share their poetry passion and more, but Ray still must face his upcoming charges and his dilemma about admitting his crime--and ultimately doing time. Ray revisits Dodge City in the role of a peacemaker for the beleaguered community, and, with Lauren's help, he carries off a triumphant slam riff at a downtown DC club, a success that signals the possibility of a different future. The film ends ambiguously, with Ray slowly approaching a ghostly Washington Monument.
tt0093175
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
Lacy Chadman (Shelley Long) is a Long Island housewife and day-care center volunteer who feels inadequate as she dresses for a black-tie dinner hosted by doctors at Knickerbocker Hospital in New York City, where her husband Jason Chadman (Corbin Bernsen) is a plastic surgeon. Jason, who specializes in doing noses, reminds Lucy they must attend the party as he is one of the candidates being considered to become chief of plastic surgery. However, once at the party, few people will talk to Lucy once they learn she is merely a housewife, and she embarrasses herself and her husband with her klutzy behavior. The next day, Lucy laments about the situation to her sister, Zelda (Judith Ivey), who runs the metaphysical bookstore, Cosmic Light Books. Zelda casts a spell invoking master magicians into Lucy's life. Later, Lucy throws a garden party catered by her eighteen-year-old son, Danny (Thor Fields), who has been accepted at Columbia University, but would prefer to be a chef instead. Lucy's longtime friend Kim Lacey (Sela Ward) attends the party and offers to help Lucy buy a more sophisticated wardrobe. Kim, whose third husband recently died, and Lucy were rivals for Jason's affections in college. After the party, Lucy worries she is not stimulating enough for Jason and suggests they have another child. Jason says he is perfectly happy with Lucy and will enjoy having the house to themselves. A few days later, after going shopping for clothes with Kim, Lucy stops by Zelda's store. She eats a South Korean chicken ball and begins choking. She unsuccessfully tries to perform the Heimlich maneuver on herself, then collapses. An ambulance rushes her to the emergency room at Knickerbocker Hospital where Dr. Kevin Scanlon (Gabriel Bryne) tries to revive her. Lucy opens her eyes long enough to see Scanlon's face, then dies. One year later. Zelda receives a shipment of books from the estate of a white witch. One of the books contains a spell for conquering death in people who died before their time. Zelda goes to the cemetery and chants the spell over Lucy's grave and soon Lucy appears to her. Zelda faints, while Lucy, who does not know she died a year earlier, wonders how she got to the graveyard. When they return to the store, Zelda tries to explain what has happened, but Lucy dismisses the idea of her death. She takes $20 from Zelda's purse and goes home to Long Island, only to find that someone else is living in her house. The next morning, Lucy goes to Knickerbocker Hospital asking to see her records. Scanlon informs her that Lucy Chadman died a year ago and that Jason Chadman is now head of plastic surgery. Scanlon performs some tests on Lucy, all of which match the hospital's records from a year ago. Later, Lucy goes to the high-rise apartment building where Jason now lives and is stunned to find Jason and Kim are married. After the initial shock wears off, Jason tries to comprehend how Lucy could come back to life. He takes Lucy to see their son, Danny, who is now the head chef at Felicity restaurant. Danny is also shocked to see his mother alive, but introduces her to restaurant owner Felicity Glick (Madeleine Potter), who is his new bride. Danny warns Lucy they cannot let the news of what Zelda did get out. Knowing someone can come back from the dead would change people's view of life. Meanwhile, Dr. Scanlon questions Zelda about Lucy and her spell. Zelda informs him that the spell has a footnote stating the resurrected person must find true love before the first full moon or she will die again. Scanlon thinks Zelda is trying to act as a matchmaker and advises her not to tell Lucy, otherwise she will wear herself out looking for true love. The next day at the hospital while Scanlon runs more tests on Lucy, Jason sees her and worries that others will recognize her. He advises her to start a new life somewhere else. Lucy reminds him they are still married, but Jason responds that she is legally dead. Lucy takes off her wedding ring and later Jason gives their dog, Flippy, to her. Scanlon wants to study Lucy more closely, suggesting that she can offer insights into death. The two spend many hours chatting and laughing. Lucy tells him she never laughed while married to Jason. Lucy wants to open a day care center at the hospital, but Scanlon warns the hospital board will never agree. Lucy and Zelda go to see billionaire Hastings Lacy, Jr. (Austin Pendleton), the son of Kim's late husband. Hastings Jr. is immediately attracted to Zelda and agrees to fund the day care center. When Lucy begins fixing up the day care center space, one of the doctor's wives recognizes her and calls the newspapers. At a press conference when a reporter asks if Lucy has anything to say to the people of the world, she replies, "Hello again." Over the next several days, the press follow Lucy everywhere as they describe her as "the woman who came back to life". Meanwhile, business is booming at Zelda's bookstore and at Felicity's restaurant thanks to their connection to Lucy. However, with the press creating chaos trying to interview Scanlon, the hospital administrator puts him on leave of absence. A few days later, Jason comes to Lucy saying he wants her back. She replies that she has moved on and gives him a goodbye kiss. However, Kim sees this kiss and becomes angry. She calls a press conference and announces that Lucy faked her death a year ago. Kim says as a doctor's wife, Lucy had access to drugs that lowered her metabolic rate to simulate death. Soon, all the parents take their children out of Lucy's day care and the hospital administrator fires her. Meanwhile, people on the street scorn Lucy and business is down at the bookstore and the restaurant. Another few days later, Lucy's arrival at the opening of the new plastic surgery wing upsets the guests. Zelda then appears and casts a spell calling for Hastings Lacey, Sr., Kim's late husband, to come to them. Lucy begins speaking in Hastings Sr.'s voice. Hastings shares intimate details about his life with Kim, who admits that Lucy did die and did come back to life. With that information, Lucy announces she was merely pretending to be Hastings. The hospital administrator gives Scanlon his job back. Scanlon says he loves Lucy and wants to be with her. Zelda says it is true love. Lucy and Scanlon embrace and kiss.
tt0079639
Action,Comedy,Crime
Reverend Michael Hill (Edward Herrmann) and his two children arrive in a mid-sized California city as the new minister at North Avenue Presbyterian Church. The secretary/music director for the church, Anne (Susan Clark), is wary of the changes Hill intends to implement. Hill wants to get people involved, and asks the elderly Mrs. Rose Rafferty (Patsy Kelly) to handle the church's sinking fund. On his first Sunday, Hill learns from Mrs. Rafferty that her gambling husband Delaney (Douglas Fowley) bet all the sinking fund money on a horse race. Hill delivers a sermon less than 15 seconds long, then rapidly escorts Mrs. Rafferty out the church as astonished worshipers watch. She leads him to the bookie, hidden behind a dry-cleaning shop, and meets Harry the Hat (Alan Hale, Jr.), who recommends that Hill let the bet ride. Hill's horse loses and he is thrown out of the betting parlor. Hill summons the police, but the booking joint has been skillfully removed. That evening, Hill delivers a tirade against the organized crime in the city during a local television broadcast. He is chastised by his presbytery superiors for the tirade, and is urged to go out and build church membership in the area. His only success is with a rock band called Strawberry Shortcake, who he recruits to "jazz up" the music at church. As a result, Anne resigns as music director. A few days later, two treasury agents for the US government arrive: Marvin Fogleman (Michael Constantine) and Tom Voohries (Steve Franken). They want Hill to help them close down the town's gambling racket by recruiting some men from the church to place bets that the agents will watch. Hill cannot find any men to help, but hits upon the idea of using women. Hill calls together five women from the church whom include; Rose Rafferty; single mother Vicki Simms (Barbara Harris); man-hungry divorcee Claire Porter (Cloris Leachman); bride-to-be and career woman Jane Adams (Karen Valentine); and Cleo Jackson (Virgina Capers), who's husband owns a mechanic garage. Over the next day, the five women attempt to place bets in the company of the Treasury agents, but with disastrous clumsiness as their covers are blown due to their ineptness and bad luck. The team changes tactics to try to go after the "bank" that the gangsters use, tailing the mob's deliverymen through town while Hill coordinates using a map at the church office and keeping in touch by CB radio in the ladies cars. Delaney is forced to dress up as a woman to accompany his Rose since his wife does not drive. But after a few days of loosing the delivery car, two gangsters subsequently appear at the church during services and identify the women. Anne discovers the operation, even as Hill defends the Irregulars as keeping the gangsters off balance. After Hill refuses to back down from calling off the operation, Anne resigns from the secretary position. Later that night, the gangsters bomb the church. Hill is shocked at the gangsters' act, and seems ready to give in, but to his surprise, Anne wants to join the fight. They do so, and continue to hammer the gangsters' movements around town. Meanwhile, Hill receives word that the pulpit has been declared vacant and North Avenue will be discontinued as a church entity. Dr. Victor Fulton (Herb Voland), a representative from presbytery, arrives to discuss the closure with Hill. Anne picks up two more presbytery representatives at the airport whom are Dr. Rheems (Ruth Buzzi) and Rev. Samuels. But while driving them to the church, she recognizes one of the mob's deliverymen in a passing trailer and realizes she may be able to find the bank. She tracks the deliveryman to an isolated warehouse compound. Within minutes, all the Irregulars besiege the place as the gangsters attempt a frantic escape with their bank. A "demolition derby" ensues, the crooks are stopped, and the evidence is seized. The following Sunday, Hill's congregation gathers outside the gutted church while he delivers news of the indictments against the mob and of the closing of the church. However, Dr. Fulton steps in to proclaim that North Avenue has a new lease on lifeit will be rebuilt. The youthful band starts the music again as everyone rejoices.
tt0090065
Animation,Action,Adventure
In the year 2985 on a planet called Trinia, human slaves have lived underground for millennia mining crystals for a god named Zygon and his robot minions. One day, Orin, a young miner, finds a jeweled sword embedded in the rocks. Hopps, grandfather of Orin's girlfriend Elan, recognizes the sword and gives his life to keep the sword a secret. When Orin later takes the sword into his hands, it ascends into the air and buries itself in the cavern's floor. A projection of an old man appears from the blade, telling those present above the caverns is a magnificent universe that the people may find. The blade then disappears, leaving only the hilt. Forced to leave Orin's young, blind brother Calli behind, Orin and Elan set out to discover this universe and find the blade to the sword. Chased by Zygon's robots, they emerge into an industrial complex where they meet Zygon, who reveals the face of a human man beneath his mask. Zygon strangles Elan to death, but Orin escapes this fate when Zygon is distracted by the sword hilt. When Zygon's robots fire on a crystal deposit by chance, Zygon presumed Orin dead in the resultant explosion and cave-in. Orin digs a tunnel to the surface of Trinia, where he is later captured by Man-Droids, a group of decaying half-organic, half-robotic beings who intend to tear him apart and use his body parts to replace their own. Unexpectedly, his sword's hilt produced what is apparently an invisible blade, killing two of the Man-Droids and helping Orin escape. Orin subsequently runs into a human smuggler named Dagg Dibrimi, who takes Orin (whom he dubs "Water Snake" for his outrageous take about human slaves in the mines) along on journey to smuggle crystals. Eventually, Dagg seizes a load of crystals from a hovering freighter, but is driven away by Zygon and his robotic guards. During the fight, Dagg seizes a Fembot named Silica and uses it as a shield from laser blasts. Subsequently, reprogrammed by Dagg, Silica becomes attracted to him. At the same time, a mysterious Starfly appears and attaches itself to Orin. Dagg flies his spaceship, the Starchaser, to a city called Toga-Toga on the planet Bordogon, where he abandons Orin and gives Silica to a slave auctioneer. Orin wanders through the city, trying to find a clue that will lead him to the location of the hilt's blade. After a meeting a fortune teller who tells him to visit a place called Novaluna, Orin sees Silica offered for sale, whereupon he offers high prices to buy her. When the auctioneer finds that Orin has no knowledge of local currency, he takes Orin's freedom in addition to Silica's; but moved by his own conscience, Dagg frees them. Dagg and Orin later visit the home of two desert-dwelling merchants, to whom Dagg sells the stolen crystals. Because Zygon placed a price on Orin's dead, the merchants offer to but Orin as well, but Dagg refuses. In response, the merchants place a time bomb in Dagg's payment. Orin is forewarned by the Starfly, whereupon Dagg and Arthur, the Starchaser's intelligent computer, throw the bomb into their enemies' camp. Thereafter, Dagg agrees to take Orin to Novaluna, but they are shot down by Zygon's robotic soldiers. Dagg is captured and the ship is rendered inactive; Orin is thrown clear out of the ship but is rescued by Aviana, the daughter of Bordogon's Governor. Upon waking up and meeting Aviana, Orin tells her his story, whereupon Aviana's computer reveals that the hilt has historically been used by a group of legendary guardians called the Kha-Khan to vanquish threats to humanity. Among these threats was a tyrant named Nexus, after whose defeat the hilt vanished before Orin's discovery of it. Aviana takes Orin to Trinia, where he again faces Zygon. Orin attempts to kill Zygon for Elan's death and thereby exposes him as a robot. Zygon reveals that he is Nexus, seeking again to rule over humanity with his army of robots. Zygon takes Orin's hilt and begins to coordinate the attack, while Orin and Aviana are imprisoned in the cell block wherein Dagg is also captive. Just as Orin and Aviana confess their feelings toward each other, Aviana is taken aboard Zygon's flagship as a hostage. Orin is again approached by the Starfly, who brings him the hilt, which he uses to free himself and Dagg. They board Zygon's flagship and take control of it, using it (again aided by the Starfly) to destroy the enemy fleet. They are rejoined by Silica, who has restored the Starchaser. Orin and his friends penetrate Zygon's base, but are attacked by his remaining troops. While Dagg and Silica stay behind to fight off their pursuers, Orin enters his original cavern home and begins to denounce Zygon, but is interrupted by Zygon himself. They fight, resulting in Orin dangling over a chasm while Zygon gloats over him. As Orin hangs over the chasm, three Starflies appear and merge into one; but instead of giving the hilt at his request, it states that he has no need of the hilt adding there was never a blade. Orin therefore realizes that the power to create a cutting force came from himself. At this, he pulls himself up, generates such a force, and uses it to destroy Zygon. Orin's people subsequently rise in revolt and win their freedom. Above, Silica fires a laser bean from the Starchaser by mistake into the accumulated crystals, causing them to explode and triggering a chain reaction which threatens to collapse the mines. Orin uses the hilt to open a fissure by which his people ascend to Trinia's surface, where Orin uses his newfound power to heal Calli of his blindness and Dagg, Silica and Aviana join them. Moments later, several Starflies reveal themselves to be spirits of the previous Kha-Khan, including the elder man of the hilt's projection. They invite Orin to join them; but he refuses for the time being of living with his friends and his family. The other Kha-Khan respect Orin's choice and leave him as they fly into the starry beyond. The film's ending credits roll over a constellation of the blade-less sword's hilt.
tt0075614
Mystery,Thriller
Dover, England, October 12, 1959, 11:45 AM. A distraught young woman (Elizabeth Turner) drives to a scenic cliff-top overlooking the English Channel and throws herself off. At exactly the same time in Florence, Italy, the woman's young daughter Virginia (Fausta Avelli) has a vision of her mother's gruesome fall. Italy, 1976. A grown-up Virginia Ducci (Jennifer O'Neill) happily bids farewell to her new husband Francesco (Gianni Garko) as he leaves their house for a business trip abroad. After dropping him off at a small airport and driving home, Virginia experiences a number of confusing, fragmented visions while driving through dark road tunnel; a broken mirror in a dimly lit room; a lamp; a yellow cigarette burning in an ashtray; a magazine with a young woman on the front cover; a stuffed bird; the blood soaked corpse of an old lady; a fresco of The Madonna and Child; the footfalls of a man with a limp; a blinking red light; a yellow taxi; and someone being walled up in a dark hole. Virginia turns to her friend Dr Luca Fattori (Marc Porel), who has an interest in the paranormal, and she describes to him what she has seen. Afterwards, Virginia drives over to a rambling villa owned by her husband. The recently married couple intend to redecorate and move into the dusty building, which Francesco hasn't used for four years. Alone, Virginia experiences a mounting unease as she removes the drapes of the living room to discover items from her vision. Recalling a hole in the wall, the finds traces of a plaster over recess, and attacks with a pickaxe and uncovers skeletal human remains. The police are curious as to how Virginia found the body, which was very well concealed. She describes her vision to them, but they remain skeptic. The police maintain that the dead person was a young woman killed between January and June 1972, and she was only 25 years old when she died. Back at the villa that evening, Virginia sees what she takes to be an apparision of the dead woman from her vision (Veronica Michielini) standing outside. When Virginia gives chase, the old woman runs away into the dark. Francesco returns from his business trip where Virginia updates him on everything that has happened. He urges her to dismiss the matter from her mind, but she instead grows more and more obsessed with learning this mystery. The police led by Commissioner D'Elia investigate further and they identify the entombed victim as Agneta Bignardi. Virginia recognizes her from a photograph; she's the girl on the cover of the magazine in Virginias vision. Francesco, already a suspect, can only provide an alibi for himself in half the possible murder period. After he admits that he did have an affair with Agenta back in 1972, he gets arrested. Virginia discusses the case with Francesco's sister Gloria (Evelyn Stewart), and Melli (Riccardo Parisio Perrotti), a lawyer friend of Glorias. Virginia notices that Gloria smokes distinctive yellow cigarettes which are a French brand called Gitanes, identical to the one in her vision. Virginia accepts an extra pack from Virginia to smoke, and the two women go to the old house to investigate. Gloria says that her brother left for a business trip to America in April 1972, and that she was the one who changed the furniture of the place. The room with the walled-in corpse had been Franceso's bedroom, but was the Gloria whod bought the furniture that Virginia saw in her vision, after Francesco's departure. Luca's secretary, the resourceful Bruna (Jenny Tamburi) discovers that there were only 16 yellow taxies operating in Rome in 1972. Luca and Virgina make contact with a driver (Francesgo Angrisano) who remembers taking a girl in the police photo to a picture gallery, and that her gentlemanly chaperone has a pronounced limp. At the gallery, Virginia recognizes a Vermeer painting from her vision. The superintendent of the gallery, Emilio Rospini (Gabriele Ferzetti) watches them as the leave. He is the man in Virginia's vision. A few days later, Virginia buys a magazine which runs a picture of the murdered woman on the front cover, the exact same magazine from Virginia's vision. When Luca notices that the magazine has only existed for a year, it becomes apparent to him that Virginia has experienced a premontion, not a vision of past crimes. Virginia and Luca find more evidence that appears to clear Francesco, allowing him to get released on bail. Gloria, in the meantime, gives Virginia a watch, one that plays a haunting tune on the hour. Details from the promotions start to occur in front of Virginia with greater and greater frequency. Virginia takes a yellow taxi, with a blinking CB radio light, from Luca's office to her home. The mysterious old woman calls Virginia, leaving a message on her answering machine, offering information about the case. When Virginia arrives at her house, she finds her dead (in the same position from Virginia's vision). Rospini appears and Virginia flees in panic. Grabbing a vital letter featured on a coffee table in her vision, Virginia escapes down the road to a neighboring church that is undergoing repairs. Virginias hiding place is given away when her wristwatch chimes go off. Rospini tries to reach her on a wooden scaffold, but slips and falls to the marble floor, many feet below. Virginia runs back to her husband's old villa nearby, and phones him at his office to come see her right away. When he arrives, Virginia is alarmed by his limp, which he claims to have twisted his ankle just a few hours before. They go inside to the fateful room. Francesco puts down a copy of the magazine with Agneta on the cover, right on the table as described in the vision. Growing more nervous, Virginia starts smoking one of Glorias yellow cigarettes, and places it in an ashtray also featured in the vision. At the hospital, the police talk to the badly injured Rospini, who can barely gasp out his explination of the events. Back in 1972, the old woman, Signora Casati, had an illicit buyer for a valuable painting in a nearby gallery. Francesco, Rospini and Agneta Bignardi had all bee involved in stealing it. Rospini killed a guard, a fact mentioned in a letter Agneta wrote to Casati. Rospini was not trying to kill Virginia, but only trying to retrieve the letter. Casati was already dead when he arrived, having been killed by Francesco, who sustained a twisted ankle after jumping out of a window. It was Francesco who murdered Agneta all those years ago after she enraged him by trying to make off with the painting alone. Alone with her husband, Virginia becomes more and more frightened by the gradual confluences of elements from her vision. The last crucial link in the chain occurs when Francesco sees the incriminating letter on the dresser. Virginia claims that she hasn't read it, but he refuses to believe her. He suddenly attacks his wife with a fireplace poker. His first blow misses as she ducks and it smashes a mirror. The next blow strikes her dead on the head. As she lies on the floor, bleeding profuesly, he prepares to wall her into the excavated hole in the wall. Finally, all the details of room fit with the vision: Virginia was foreseeing her own death. A little later, Luca figures out from the magazine cover about the real location and time which Francesco could have murdered Agneta Bignardi. He then races over to the Ducci villa, while being chased by two motorcycle cops who are trying to arrest him for speeding. He manages to keep their fingers off his collar long enough to elaborate his suspicions. Francesco invites them all into his house and into the room, expressing concern at his wife's dissapearance. Despite a war of nerves, Luca cannot break the sociopath Francesco's bland of self control. As Luca turns to leave, escorted by the police, everyone hears a haunting tune, like a music box chime, emerging from the wall....
tt0098184
Crime,Thriller
After Arthur "Buck" Taylor (Judd Nelson), son of a deceased police officer, is turned down by the police academy as psychologically unfit for the force, he telephones Todd Arthur (Patrick O'Bryan) and leaves a message on his answering machine, threatening to kill him that night. Todd goes to the police, only to be told they are short on staff and to leave the machine's cassette tape. Todd returns home, where Buck kills him with a steak knife. The murderer leaves a note reading, "Catch me." The next day, Sam Dietz (Leo Rossi) arrives at the station as a newly promoted detective. He and his partner, Bill Malloy (Robert Loggia), are assigned to Todd's murder case. At the crime scene, Dietz figures out what transpired, but Malloy warns him to wait for laboratory reports before making any conclusions. Meanwhile, at the firing range, Buck remembers how his alcoholic and abusive policeman father, Ike Taylor (Beau Starr), took him shooting when he was a small boy, and beat him for missing the target. Buck was also forced to run an obstacle course while his father fired bullets over his head. No matter how well Buck did, Ike would beat him for being too slow. Buck goes home and picks Angela Taylor's (Harriet Hall) name from the telephone book and prowls on her roof. Hearing a disturbance, she telephones police as he crashes through a skylight. Angela hides in a dryer machine, but Buck finds her and garrotes her with piano wire. Later, Dietz and Malloy find a note at the crime scene that reads, "What's taking you so long?" Dietz begs Malloy to let him investigate the crimes instead of waiting for laboratory reports. Malloy refuses and Captain Blakely (Ron Taylor) orders Dietz not to talk to the press about the case. Dietz acquires a psychological profile of the killer from police psychologist Doctor Park. The next night, Buck strikes again and kills Arthur Taylor, a movie producer, with a corkscrew. As he leaves, he hears Arthur's mistress calling him and strangles her. When Dietz and Malloy arrive at the scene, they find another taunting note, and Malloy notices the similarity in the victims' names. The next morning, Malloy telephones Dietz to report two more murders of people with the name "Arthur Taylor." The newspapers learn of the multiple murders and label Buck "The Sunset Killer." It is reported that Dietz and Malloy are the detectives in charge of the investigation. Dietz and Malloy canvas all the "Arthur Taylors" in the telephone book to warn them they may be in danger. In a rundown weekly motel, Dietz and Malloy meet Buck. Malloy recognizes a picture of Buck's father, and realizes he knew Buck as a boy. Dietz finds a revolver and suggests Buck keep it close until they catch the serial killer. After they leave, Buck puts his revolver in his mouth, but decides the police must kill him. That afternoon, Buck goes to Malloy's home and shoots the cop to death. Dietz thinks Malloy's death is unconnected to the serial killer, until he opens his front door and finds a page from the telephone book with Malloy's name and a message that reads: "If I'm so sick, why can't you catch me?" He orders his wife Carol (Meg Foster) to take their 10-year-old son, Corey, to her mother's house. With Dr. Park's consent, Dietz leaks a phony psychological profile of the killer to the press, stating that he suffers from impotency. Hoping that he will go after Dr. Park, Dietz cons a police lieutenant into assigning him four men, and they stake out the doctor's home. When Buck arrives at Park's house, he spots Dietz's car and walks away. An officer named Terrell telephones Dietz and plays him the answering machine tape from the first victim, Arthur Todd. Dietz recognizes Buck's voice. When he and another policeman go to Buck's hotel, they find a telephone book missing the page with Dietz's address. Dietz tries to call home, but the telephone is off the hook. Dietz rushes home to find Buck pointing a gun at his family. He screams for him to drop the weapon, but Buck hallucinates that Dietz is his father and raises his pistol. Dietz empties his revolver into the man's chest. As Buck bleeds to death, he pulls out a note that reads, "Thank you."
tt0096203
Comedy,Crime
In this 1980s remake of 'His Girl Friday' (with elements of the play and film 'The Front Page') set in Chicago, Illinois, Satellite News Network (SNN) news director John L. "Sully" Sullivan, IV (Burt Reynolds), tells his best reporter and ex-wife, Christy Colleran (Kathleen Turner), to go on a vacation to get away from her stress-full job. As she checks into a Canadian resort for a three-week stay, Christy accidentally moves a candlestick, setting a credit card on fire. She apologizes to card owner, Blaine Bingham (Christopher Reeve), owner of the sporting goods company, Bingham Industries. A day or two later, Blaine rescues Christy after she loses her canoe paddle in the lake. Over the course of her vacation, Christy and Blaine fall in love. Later, Christy returns to Chicago with Blaine. Arriving at SNN studios, Blaine waits in the lobby as Christy reports to Sully, who orders her to go to the downtown jailhouse where convicted murderer Ike Roscoe (Henry Gibson) is awaiting execution by electric chair. Christy accuses Sully of always focusing on the news, like the volcano that erupted during their honeymoon. While Sully laughs, Christy announces she is quitting the TV station and marrying Blaine the day after tomorrow in New York City. Not wanting to let Christy leave him right away, Sully insists on meeting Blaine for an in-person interview. In the lobby, Sully says he would like to treat Blaine and Christy to lunch. Christy insists they need to leave to catch their flight to New York in just a few hours from now. However, Blaine says they could purchase tickets for a later flight and accepts Sully's lunch offer. Christy heads back to get her laptop, but Sully offers to go instead. Finding junior reporter, Siegenthaler (George Newbern), Sully orders him to purchase all available airplane seats departing Chicago for New York to prevent Christy and Blaine from leaving town. At the restaurant (a sports bar themed place complete with a boxing ring), Sully receives a call from Siegenthaler about the airline bookings. Not to let Christy become aware of his plan, Sully says into the receiver that Christy's replacement, Karen Ludlow (Laura Robinson), is doing a great job. Christy insists she is a better reporter than Karen Ludlow, but Sully affirms that Ludlow, not Christy, will cover Ike Roscoe's 12:01 a.m. electrocution that very night. When Blaine asks who Ike Roscoe is, Christy tells him that after Ike's son, Anthony, died from a drug overdose, Ike shot and killed the drug dealer. However, the dealer turned out to be an undercover police officer. Blaine asks why the Governor does not issue a pardon, but Sully and Christy believe the execution is a political issue, related to the Democratic primary contest between the Governor and Roy Ridnitz (Ned Beatty), the State's District Attorney who convicted Ike at trial. Sully suggests that if Christy were to have a poignant interview with Ike and for it to air on the evening news, the Governor might pardon him. Blaine sides with Sully in which he tells Christy that she needs to do the interview to save the man's life. Touched by Blaine's selflessness, Christy agrees, but on condition that Sully purchase equipment from Blaine's company for an SNN gym. Christy leaves the sports restaurant and meets her camera crew at the state prison. Warden Terwilliger (Ken James) denies her interview request, but Christy informs him she knows about the bribes he receives from prisoners to use his office for conjugal visits. Reluctantly, Terwilliger agrees. Meanwhile at SNN, Sully purchases exercise equipment while Blaine calls for airline tickets. Shocked that all flights are sold out, Blaine suggests he could get tickets on the 11:00 train. Determined to keep Christy in town, Sully finds Siegenthaler and tells him to book all the train tickets, as well as seats on helicopters and all other forms of public transportation. Afterward, Sully calls the mail room and orders that next week when the Bingham Industries shipment arrives, they should return it. Christy telephones Sully from the prison waiting room, letting him know that she got the interview with Ike. Blaine gets on the line with her and tells Christy he managed to purchase train tickets. Realizing he is too late, Sully calls Siegenthaler to stop the bookings. Afterward, Sully notices a book titled, 'You Can! You Will! Cure Your Height Phobia in 10 Easy Days,' in Blaine's briefcase. Blaine tells Sully and he has decided to get a picnic dinner with silver candlestick holders for the train. Now working on a new plan to keep Christy in town, Sully offers Siegenthaler as a guide for Blaine to the silver store, but tells Siegenthaler to take Blaine to a city skyscraper (aware that his acrophobia will trigger a reaction). Sully further orders SNN's front desk security officer, Abigail (Jackie Richardson), to thoroughly search Blaine if he ever returns. Siegenthaler takes Blaine downtown. Blaine gets on the glass elevator with Siegenthaler, but as the elevator rises, Blaine has a crippling anxiety attack and places his foot on the emergency stop button. Meanwhile, State's Attorney Roy Ridnitz arrives at his campaign headquarters and learns about Christy's interview with Ike Roscoe. He orders Warden Terwillger to cancel the interview. However, Terwillger catches up to Christy, who tells her cameraman to start filming. Terwillger relents and lets them inside the cell block. During Ike's interview, he mentions that today is Harold Houdini's birthday, and when he was a practicing magician, he would perform Houdini's tricks with his son. Upon Christy's request to perform Anthony's favorite trick, Ike makes Christy's pen disappear from his hand, then reappear in her pocket. Later, Ike is escorted into his cell and pulls Christy's pen cartridge from his mouth. Outside the prison, Christy walks to the nearby criminal courts building, followed by fellow rival television reporters Zaks (Barry Flatman), Tillinger (Ted Simonett), and Carvalho (Anthony Sherwood). Arriving in the newspaper press room at the courthouse, Christy greets newspaper reporters Morosini (Joe Silver), Obregon (Allan Royal), and Jessica (Monica Parker). Ike Roscoe's attorney, Pamela Farbrother (Fiona Reed), arrives at the news office and tells the reporters that Ike did not receive a fair trial, but they ignore her. Pamela leaves crying, and Siegenthaler telephones Christy to inform her that Blaine is stuck in an elevator. Christy rushes to the building and learns that Sully told Siegenthaler to get Blaine onto the elevator. To distract Blaine into releasing the emergency stop, Christy kisses him. Returning to SNN, Christy, Siegenthaler, and her crew run into the newsroom with Ike's interview, but Abigail the security guard stops Blaine, and thoroughly searches him. After giving Sully a heated argument about his scheming to keep her in town, Christy goes on-air to introduce her exclusive interview with Ike Roscoe. After the interview, the Governor is inundated with calls from citizens asking him to pardon Ike Roscoe, and decides to issue a pardon during the 11:00 news. One of the Governor's aids, Crannock (Grant Cowan), sneaks away and telephones Ridnitz about the pardon. Determined to see Ike executed to improve his political image to the public, Ridnitz orders Warden Terwilliger to move up the execution to 10:00 pm, under the pretense of ongoing riots and bomb threats. Ridnitz further decides to invite the media to televise the execution live. At SNN, Sully turns on the television to see if other stations are reporting Christy's interview. However, the first story reported is on the record amount of "no-shows" for flights to New York. Sully receives a call from Ridnitz's associates, informing him that Ike Roscoe will be electrocuted earlier than scheduled, and his execution open to reporters. Blaine arrives, reminding Christy of their train. Christy says goodbye, and leaves with Blaine. At the prison, reporters crowd the execution chamber. Before Ike Roscoe is escorted to the chamber, his lawyer, Pamela Farbrother, arrives and kisses him. Afterward, the guards guide her away. As Ike is blindfolded and strapped into the chair, Ridnitz and Warden Terwilliger stand by to press the buttons that will send the electrical currents. However, when the buttons are pressed, the power goes out due to a power surge resulting from all the TV cameras being plugged into the chamber's one outlet. After flicking their pocket lighters on, everyone discovers that Ike has escaped. Meanwhile, Christy sees Ike as Blaine's limousine passes the jailhouse. She gets out and tells Blaine she will meet him at the station. When she catches up to Ike, Christy tells him to go to the second floor courthouse press room. Christy telephones Sully from the press room and tells him she found Ike. After she hangs up, Ike hides inside the press room photo copier as other reporters arrive. When Obregon goes to use the copier, he hears the machine groan. Christy offers to fix it, and unhooks Ike's shirtsleeve caught inside the machine. Just then, Ridnitz arrives with armed police, and announces that Ike was seen on the third floor. After the others disperse in search of Ike, Christy lets him out of the copier. Pamela arrives and hugs Ike, but pushes him back into the copier as reporters return. Obregon attempts to fix the copier himself. To distract him, Pamela jumps out a room's window to the courthouse lobby. Just then, Sully arrives with Siegenthaler and Christy's camera crew. As Christy gestures to the copier, Sully orders SNN reporter Karen Ludlow to interview Pamela about her jump. After the reporters run downstairs again, Ike gets out of the copier and records an interview with Christy about his escape. Afterward, Ike hides in the copier once again when the reporters return. To get the copier out of the courthouse, Sully offers to buy the copier, and Obregon agrees at first. Blaine arrives and Christy convinces him to wait five minutes. Having second thoughts, Obregon asks for the copier back. Instead, Sully offers him a job at SNN in exchange for the copier. After Sully and Christy leave for the elevator, reporters Zaks, Tillinger, and Carvalho conclude that Ike is hiding inside of the copier. The elevator arrives with Ridnitz and police. Sully and Christy stand in front of the machine, but officers pull them aside and shoot. Ridnitz opens the copier, and finds it empty. Ordering police to continue their search, Ridnitz asks Sully and Christy where Ike is. Warden Terwilliger arrives and announces that the Governor has just pardoned Ike Roscoe. Unseen by Ridnitz, Christy turns on a news camera, and tricks Ridnitz into confessing that he wanted Ike executed in order to win the election. Just then, the Governor arrives and reiterates that he has pardoned Ike Roscoe. Christy assists Ike as he climbs down from roof of the elevator car, then informs the Governor that she has Ridnitz's confession on bribery, attempted murder, and other charges on tape. Sully hands the tape over to Siegenthaler and tells him to run the story. Sully and Christy return the newsroom, and Blaine tells Christy that her true loves are the news and Sully. After Blaine leaves, Sully tells Christy they are going to Hawaii for their second honeymoon. Later in the final scene, as they lie on a beach enjoying their trip, a volcano erupts. Christy is shocked, but Sully laughs.
tt0187819
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
Doug Funnie (Tom McHugh) and Skeeter Valentine (Fred Newman) discover a monster (Frank Welker) that lives in Lucky Duck Lake. Believing the monster is evil, they are scared of him at first, but later on, they find him to be nice. Despite this, however, the monster is proof that their friend Beebe Bluff's wealthy father, Bill Bluff (Doug Preis), owner of Bluffco Industries, is polluting the lake, which was what created this monster. The monster almost eats the book Moby Dick, but Skeeter stops him and says, "Stop! You almost ate Herman Melville! You don't eat books, that is a NO!" and the monster returns it to them as an apology, so they name him Herman Melville after the author of the book, and the monster takes a liking to the name. Unfortunately, all of this commotion with the monster makes Doug forget that he was supposed to meet Patti (Constance Shulman) at Mr. Swirly's (Bruce Bayley Johnson), the owner of the local ice cream factory. When he remembers this at the last minute, he runs to Swirly's as fast as he can using the quickest shortcuts that he knows. Once he gets there, Patti is nowhere to be seen. He asks Mr. Swirly if he's seen her, and he says the she was here for a while and looked very upset, and then left with a guy who kept talking about his big plans for a dance. When Doug heard this, he knew that this guy was no one else but Guy Graham (Guy Hadley), a snobby upper class man who wants Patti. Meanwhile, Roger (Chris Phillips) and the AV nerds are building a robot (Eddie Korbich) to kidnap Herman, but when they build the robot it acts like a babysitter to Roger, much to the latter's dismay and annoyance. Doug then rushes to the Funky Town night club, where Guy and Patti are working on the dance. He apologizes to Patti there and she accepts his apology, but Guy cuts in and says that Doug is "just a stupid little kid." Doug, very angry now, says that he has proof that Mr. Bluff is evil and is polluting the lake. Guy then calls Doug a liar. Doug then invites them both to the report that is being held in front of his next-door neighbor Bud Dink's (also played by Newman) house about Herman and the pollution. Doug then leaves, but the picture of the monster falls out of his pocket without him knowing. Guy picks up the picture and realizes that Doug was telling the truth; however, he calls Mr. Bluff, whom he has connections to. At the reporting, Doug sees that a news reporters camera is inflatable. He then realizes that the news company is a fake, that it is supporting Mr. Bluff, and trying to capture the monster. Doug then has to tell everyone that there has been a mistake, Patti gets mad at him, thinks that he is a liar and walks away with Guy. That night, Mr. Bluff finds the boys with Herman and kidnaps the monster. The next morning, Doug knows that this is his last chance to save Herman. He goes to the school newspaper room, hoping to find Guy who can lead him to Mr. Bluff. Guy isn't in the room, but Doug sees a newspaper article that says that Mr. Bluff and his men blew a monster to smithereens at a school dance. Doug is at first sad and believes that Herman has died, but he then realizes that the school dance isn't until tonight and that this is what is being planned, so Doug and Skeeter call the Sleech twins Al and Moo (also voiced by Korbich) to help. At the school dance, Doug has to make the biggest choice of his life: going after Patti or saving Herman. When he does the latter, Mr. Bluff catches Doug and Skeeter in front of Lucky Duck Lake after Herman escapes into it and plans to enslave them, but is stopped by Beebe and Mrs. Dink (Doris Belack). Beebe forces her father off of the scene to defend her friends, while Mrs. Dink hints at Mr. Bluff facing the wrath of the federal government if he does not clean up Lucky Duck Lake. Doug then finds Patti in front of the woods and Doug tries to tell her he is in love with her, but is interrupted by Herman. With the return of Herman and a copy of the newspaper, Patti sees that Doug had been telling her the truth all along and dumps Guy. Also, Skeeter gives Herman the Moby Dick book for something to eat in the lake and Herman also gives Doug a flower to give to Porkchop (also played by Newman) to which Porkchop comes running out of the woods into Herman's arms (earlier in the film, Porkchop was opposed to Herman, but softened up when the Monster gave the dog a gift). The kids say goodbye to Herman; after Herman jumps back into the lake, Doug tells Patti he likes her and Roger almost becomes friends with Doug, but is interrupted by the robot. Doug starts dancing with Patti and Skeeter dances with Beebe as the music continues in the background, ending the film.
tt0098230
Comedy
In 1969 New York City, two hippies, Fred Wook (Eric Roberts) and Jess Monteya (Cheech Marion), flee the USA to avoid arrest by the FBI and hide out in the jungles of Central America. Fred is an idealist, working on an underground newspaper with his friend Sammy, while Jess is a stoner whose brain has been fried after being given huge amounts of LSD by researchers (the theory being that acid and appropriate visual stimulation can turn pacifist hippies into committed soldiers; Jess proves their failure by wishing them 'peace' as he leaves the lab.) The two flee the inner-city commune they are living in, leaving behind Sammy (Robert Carradine) who feels it is important that he keep writing and publishing their message, and Fred's girlfriend, artist Petra (Julie Hagerty). 20 years later, Fred and Jess are still living in the jungle of Central America in an commune getting stoned from marijuana, when they find a dying man who has been shot by local soldiers that invade their isolated compound. The dying man reveals that he is a CIA agent and gives them some documents and tells them it is vital they get the papers back to the US government. The documents imply that the US is planning to invade the country, and outraged, Fred and Jess decide to return to the US to get the action stopped. Having been living in isolation (and by implication, stoned the entire time) for the last 20 years, upon arriving back in New York City, they find the 1980s, entrenched in the yuppie ethos, to be something of a shock. Their former coffee house den mother Ronnie Sommers (Louise Lasser) has turned their hangout place into a retro jazz club to remember the 1960s hippy culture. Eric and Jess soon find that both Sammy and Petra have both embraced the materialistic culture. Sammy is wealthy yuppie married to an uptight businesswoman named Julie (Cindy Williams) whom they have a 15-year-old activist son. Petra is a single and wealthy commercial and film producer trying to get by the best she can. It takes considerable persuasion from Fred and Jess (including a memorable speech where Jess makes numerous profound points, ending each one with 'That's all I got to say', before launching into another ramble) before Sammy and Petra agree to help them expose the covert CIA plan, but not after Jess and Fred force themselves into Sammy's apartment to ruin a deal between him and his wife to charm another yuppie couple the Stools (Buck Henry and Andrea Martin) to let them settle in a new high-priced co-op. At the climax, Fred, Jess, Sammy, and and Petra take over a building at NYU where they stage a sit-down protest for the upcoming war in Central America, until an FBI agent (Cliff De Young) who had been searching for Jess and Fred for the last 20 years, tracks them down and arrests all of them. The results of a sit-in at the university to protest the planned invasion leave the group despondent; the student body is indifferent and the documents turn out to be a theoretical exercise and not genuine invasion plans. However, the controversy brought up by their publication implies that Americans would welcome a war 'we can win' and so the invasion actually happens. Fred is broken by the idea that he started a war, and gives up all hope. He decides to leave New York once again, with Jess tagging along, to an unknown destination to plan his next move, while Sammy and Petra decide to stay behind in New York, not willing to abandon their new yuppie lifestyle. Fred sits on a sidewalk crying until some college students track him down to ask for his help in mobilizing action; they are concerned by the numerous ecological and social problems they see around them. Fred now stops crying and agrees to help the students. Fred finally sees that despite the fact that the "establishment" (U.S. government) always wins in the end, as long as there are liberal students out there that speak out, there will always be hope for the world. The final shot shows Jess having another acid flashback where he talks with the magical talking fish that he encountered earlier at the commune in Central America.
tt0086593
Drama,Mystery
Susan Selky (Kate Nelligan) is a well-known English professor at Columbia University. She lives in a Brooklyn brownstone with her six-year-old son Alex (Danny Corkill). One March morning, Susan sees Alex off to school, which is only two blocks away. Alex turns to wave to his mother, then disappears around the corner. Susan returns home after a day of teaching, and becomes increasingly alarmed when Alex is late coming home. She calls her friend and neighbor Jocelyn Norris (Stockyard Channing), whose daughter is a classmate of Alex's, and finds out that Alex never got to school. The NYPD is immediately called and officers descend on the townhouse, led by Lieutenant Al Menetti (Judd Hirsch). Susan is questioned closely on all aspects of her life and her son's, and police zero in on Susan's estranged husband Graham (David Dukes), a professor at NYU who hasn't been seen for hours. When Graham finally turns up, he produces an alibi, ruling him out as a suspect. Susan's case generates a lot of attention from the New York City media, with citizens helping in the search by distributing posters. Susan is initially criticized for allowing her son to walk to school by himself. Susan also takes a polygraph test that clears her as a suspect. Numerous leads are checked out, including several reports that Alex may have been seen in the back seat of a blue 1965 Chevy. A psychic is also called in, but each lead fizzles. Over the next few months, the investigation drags on and Graham is at odds with Menetti after budget cuts force Menetti to dismantle the command center in Susan's apartment and run the case from the precinct. Menetti's attention is soon diverted to other cases, but the Selky case is always a priority. At one point, Graham takes matters into his own hands after he gets a ransom call. He heads to a location the caller directs him to, but is cornered and beaten, prompting a hospital stay. A break in the case finally happens on the Fourth of July, when Susan's housecleaner, Philippe (Keith McDermott), is arrested as a suspect. A pair of Alex's bloody underpants was found in his apartment, where the gay Philippe was picked up with a male prostitute. Susan visits Philippe in jail, and he tells her that the bloody underpants came about when he used them to stop bleeding after he cut himself washing dishes in Susan's house. Convinced Philippe is innocent, Susan tries to persuade Menetti to drop the charges, but he refuses, citing physical evidence he won't discuss. The renewed media coverage generated by Philippe's arrest dies down, and Susan is facing increased pressure to drop the matter and accept that Alex could be dead. Susan's feelings come to a boiling point when a magazine cancels an article she wrote about Alex (because a gay man was arrested) and even her friend Jocelyn tells her it's time to give up. Susan tries to resume her normal routine, although she never loses faith that her son is alive. One day, she receives a phone call from a woman in Bridgeport, Connecticut named Malvina Robbins (Louise Stubbs), who says Alex is alive and living with neighbors. Menetti tells Susan that he has also heard from Robbins, but Bridgeport police told him the woman is just a crank, or in Menetti's words, "a lonely old booby". The investigation is closed, he says, and Philippe goes on trial within weeks. On a day off, Menetti is taking a drive with his son (David Simon). When he sees a sign for Bridgeport, Connecticut, he decides to check out the lead personally. He recruits his young son as his partner on the case. Once he is sure that the lead is false, Menetti hopes to browbeat Robbins from ever disturbing Mrs. Selky ever again. When Menetti arrives at Robbins' address, he is shocked to see a blue Chevy (in which witnesses had reported seeing Alex) parked in the driveway of the neighboring house. Realizing that Robbins was telling the truth, he uses her phone to contact the Bridgeport police. They find Alex alive and unharmed. It turns out that Alex's kidnapper is a desperate man who took the boy off the street to help him care for his elderly and disabled mother in the house. Menetti drives Alex back to New York with a huge police escort, and the New York media is tipped off that he's been found, converging on Susan's Brooklyn house. Susan returns from grocery shopping in time to see Alex stepping out of Menetti's car. In front of delighted bystanders and reporters, mother and child are reunited.
tt0080139
Comedy,Drama,Mystery
On board his millionaire father's tanker ship, Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) phones his lover, Yvette Malone (Belinda Bauer), and leaves a message on her answering machine. Just then, a family associate named Keifetz (Richard Boone) arrives on the ship by helicopter with a man wrapped in bandages. Inside a doctor's office, the injured man, Arthur Fletcher (Joe Spinell), mutters a confession as an orderly transcribes; Fletcher had assassinated Nick's half-brother, the President of the United States, on February 22, 1960. Fletcher claims that he and one other gunman were hired by a man named Casper, Jr., for the job, after which Fletcher hid his rifle in Room 903 of the Engleson Building in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Fletcher did so because he waned to be able to prove that he was the real killer. Nick inquires about Willie Arnold, the assassin who was determined to be the lone gunman by the Pickering Commission. However, Fletcher dies before he can answer so Nick heads to Philadelphia to look for the rifle. At the Engleson Building, Nick uncovers the weapon, but, just as he and his companions prepare to leave, a young woman on a bicycle (Barbara Richert) rides past their vehicle and pops her chewing gum. In an instant, Nick's associates are shot dead by an unseen sniper. Panicked, Nick runs to call his father, Pa Kegan (John Huston), but instead is connected to John Cerruti (Anthony Perkins), the mastermind behind the Kegan empire. When Nick reports the incident and his whereabouts, Cerruti promises to send help, but the vehicle and the rifle inside are stolen by an unseen person as Nick waits. Sometime later, Nick is chauffeured to Pa Kegan's desert estate, where he is greeted by the Japanese butler, Keith (Toshir Mifune). Later that evening, Nick sees his emotionally unstable mother, Emma (Dorothy Malone), and is rebuked by his father for leaving the ship. When Nick reports Fletcher's confession and the incident in Philadelphia, his father storms away. However, Pa wakes Nick in the morning with a plan to expose the assassination conspiracy. Sometime later, Pa sends Nick to meet his former political rival and one of the richest men in the U.S., Z. K. Dawson (Sterling Hayden). Driving into Dawson's Tulsa, Oklahoma, ranch, Nick is cornered by WW II tanks. Dawson surfaces from a hatch, arguing that he was not involved with the assassination and implicating the Philadelphia Police Departments Captain Heller and his sidekick, Ray Doty (Michael Thoma). On an airplane to New York City, Nick receives a call from Pa, who reports that they no longer have witnesses to Fletcher's confession; Keifetz was killed and the ship's orderly broke his neck in a fall. Sometime later, Nick meets Doty, who remembers that the man implicated in Fletcher's confession, Casper, Jr., was connected to the Philadelphia police through a club owner named Joe Diamond (Eli Wallach). According to Doty (in a long flashback sequence to the 1950s), Diamond bribed Captain Heller (Brad Dexter) for access into the police station so he could kill Willie Arnold after the presidential assassination. Gangster Gameboy Baker (Ralph Meeker) arranged the assassination because the president did not return favors for the mafia's $2 million campaign contribution and Arnold was their scapegoat. Sometime after his meeting with Doty, Nick returns to New York City and makes love to Yvette. In the throes of passion, the young woman agrees to marry him but later retracts her promise, claiming that Nick is more intimate with her answering machine. When Nick returns home to his apartment, he is attacked by his maid, but he gains the upper hand and has her detained. At lunch the next day, Nick asks Yvette to help him track down Diamond through National Magazine, the magazine for which she works. Soon, Yvette directs Nick to a Cleveland, Ohio, diner, where he meets gangster Irving Mentor (Irving Selbst) and bribes him for information. Mentor reports that Casper, Jr., figured in the assassination because he was connected to a Hollywood studio that lost $50 million when one of their stars killed herself over an affair with the president. Just then, the same woman on the bicycle who popped her gum before the shootings in Philadelphia brings a dead cat into Mentor's diner and Nick chases after her as the restaurant explodes. The unknown woman again gets away. Nick returns to New York City, where Pa debunks Mentor's story and orders Nick to meet with imprisoned gangster Frank Mayo (Tomas Milian), who was given special leave for the interview. When Mayo suggests that Nick is being misled, Nick heads to National Magazine headquarters and learns that Yvette is not actually an employee. Later, the hostile doorman (Joe Ragno) at Yvette's apartment insists that she does not live there. Returning home, Nick finds Keifetz, who admits that he faked his death and encourages Nick to use Cerruti's intelligence connections to find Yvette. At Pa's financial headquarters, Cerutti tells Nick that Yvette was kidnapped by Casper Jr., and recounts a new version of the assassination. According to Cerruti (in another flashback sequence), a Washington, D.C. madam named Lola Comante (Elizabeth Taylor), who obliged the president's fondness for sex, offered him a $2 million campaign contribution from Mayo and his mafia associates. When the president discovered that Pa was behind the deal, he ended their relationship, leaving Pa financially and emotionally devastated. Changing the story yet again, Cerruti confesses that he arranged for Nick to meet a fraudulent Z. K. Dawson in Tulsa. The real Dawson and his daughter, Yvette, were the true perpetrators of the assassination; Yvette, formerly known as Maggie Dawson, was the president's mistress. Nick discounts Cerruti's story and insists on learning Yvette's whereabouts. As Nick fractures Cerruti's arms with a baton, he breaks down. Cerutti claims that Pa spent millions of dollars to support his son's presidency because it benefited him financially, but he was displeased by the president's liberal politics and so it was Pa who had him killed. Pa created an elaborate hoax to confuse Nick, including the employment of an actress named Jenny O'Brien to play the role of Yvette. When Cerruti says that Jenny is "tied up" at Kegan Medical School, Nick leaves... only to find her body in the morgue. Sometime later, Nick confronts his father in his office, but Pa claims that Cerruti masterminded the assassination to augment the Kegan coffers and blackmailed Pa into keeping quiet. When Nick attempts to call the police, Keifetz and an officer break into Pa's office and Nick thinks the men are there to back him up; however, Pa announces that Keifetz is an assassin with orders to kill Nick. Defending himself, Nick grabs the officer and uses his gun to fire at Keifetz, who shoots back at the officer as he dies. Nick chases his father onto the high-rise balcony and finds Pa clinging to the rail of an enormous American flag. As Nick reaches for his father, Pa falls to his death, tearing the flag in half with his body as he calls out to Nick: "put my money in South America!". Nick staggers away, but tells the secretary that he will return because he cannot escape his family ties. Sometime later in the final scene, Nick calls Yvette's answering machine to hear her voice one last time.
tt0092641
Action,Crime,Drama
A group of masked gunmen steal evidence from a police evidence storage unit, killing several officers in the process. Officer Dennis Meechum (Brian Dennehy) is seriously wounded after stabbing one of the robbers. He survives and publishes a book titled Inside Job based on his experience. Years later, Meechum has been promoted to Detective, and is working on his next novel. He now suffers from writer's block, and is a widowed father raising his daughter, Holly (Allison Balson). On a case at the docks, a suspect runs as Meechum gives chase. A man named Cleve (James Woods) joins the chase. The suspect hides in an overhead crane and attempts to shoot Meechum, but Cleve kills the man, then disappears. Cleve arranges a meeting with Meechum, and tries to convince to write a book about his history as a paid assassin for a corporate empire, Kappa International. Cleve intimidates Kappa's founder, David Madlock (Paul Shenar) about Meechum's next book, and promises Meechum to show evidence to back up his claims. They proceed to take trips to New York and Texas where Cleve tries to convince Meechum of his history of hits. While they are in Texas, it is revealed that Cleve was the injured masked gunmen that Meechum had stabbed years earlier. Madlock, through his legal representatives, tries to bribe Meechum but fails. When an enforcer tries to steal a manuscript of Meechum's novel and attempt to kill Holly, Cleve intervenes by killing him. When Cleve attempts to keep Holly safe by sending her to Meechum's agent, Roberta Gillian (Victoria Tennant). Madlock, however, manages to kidnap Holly. Meechum decides to have a meeting with Madlock at the latter's oceanfront estate. Cleve storms into the house, and guns down all of Madlock's bodyguards. Cleve then sacrifices his own life to save Holly from Madlock. Meechum arrests Madlock, before comforting a dying Cleve. At the end of the film, it is revealed that Meechum has published the book titled Retribution: The Fall of David Madlock and Kappa International.
tt0092897
Comedy
In Palm Beach, Florida, ne'er-do-well gambler Winslow Lowry lives at the palatial estate of his millionaire uncle, wheelchair-bound Albert Dennison, who is near death but being cared for at the estate. When Albert dies, Winslow will inherit his fortune, but in the meantime, Albert's nephew has accumulated $640,000 in debt to loan shark Luis Montana, who wants his money back. Winslow convinces Montana to give him three weeks to pay, then steps on Albert's oxygen tube, causing his uncle's condition to rapidly deteriorate. However, orderlies attend the old man and quickly stabilize him. Winslow decides the orderlies are too good, and sets out to find the worst orderlies in the country. After reading a newspaper article about the worst nursing home in America, Winslow travels to Brooklyn, New York where he hires the fat and bumbling Markie, Kool and Buffy. When the three orderlies arrive at the estate, Chauncey, the Doberman pinscher guard dog, barks furiously at them. Then George, the butler, shows them the mechanized pill dispenser they will use for all of Albert's medicines. Initially, the three prove inept. When they attempt to use a mechanical lift to move Albert, the lift malfunctions and he is thrown into the swimming pool. Albert demands the new orderlies be fired, but Winslow insists they be given another chance. Deciding Albert needs a change of scenery, the three "fat boys" take him for a ride around town one evening, but Albert sleeps throughout. They pick up three party girls on the street and go to a roller rink disco. Albert wakes up, likes the sudden attention of the ladies, and enjoys it as they push him around the roller rink in his wheelchair. When they return to the estate, Albert is perky and even able to walk on his own. Winslow is upset, but Albert lies, telling his nephew they went to an all-night drug store. While Albert sleeps, Winslow tries to inject him with poison, but orderly Kool comes into the room before Winslow is able to carry out his plan. Winslow throws the syringe out the window, but it hits Chauncey, the guard dog, who dies. Another evening later, when the three orderlies play poker, they empty the pill dispenser and use the various pills for poker chips. However, when George, the butler, comes in, they hide evidence of the poker game in the tablecloth, which nurse Carla then throws away. When the pill dispenser signals it is time to give Albert his medicine, there are no pills to give him. The orderlies telephone for a refill, but the pharmacy is out of the medicine. The next morning when Albert does not wake up, everyone worries he is about to die. Winslow feigns despair, then telephones the funeral parlor to make arrangements. However, Albert wakes up and seems better than ever. After performing an examination, the doctor announces that Albert was being over medicated and is in good condition. Grateful that the orderlies' blunder helped him get well, Albert promises never to fire them. He also teaches them how to play polo and promises to take then on safari, on a yachting cruise and out chasing women. Albert also starts jogging and going to the gymnasium. None of the orderlies have the stamina to keep up with him. When Albert goes to his walk-in vault off the cabana and gives the orderlies some of his treasury bonds, a jealous Winslow and his valet, Miguel, start plotting to murder Albert. Another evening later, the orderlies finds a secret security panel hidden behind Albert's gun rack and start making a music video ("Baby, You're a Rich Man"). However, the electricity goes out, forcing them to stop. When power is restored, the camera resumes recording just as Winslow comes into the room to telephone Luis Montana saying that he will have his money in a day. Winslow instructs Miguel to give the entire staff the day off, but the orderlies stay behind. Markie shows the video to nurse Carla, while Miguel lets two of Luis Montana's men into the house. Meanwhile, Kool and Buffy climb atop the estate wall and watch the girls next door swim naked, but they fall off the wall and rush back to the estate, just as the police drive by and call on their loudspeaker for them to give themselves up for peeping. Meanwhile, Montana's hit men are about to shoot Albert when they hear the police on the loudspeaker. In a panic, the hit men accidentally fire a shot into the wall, before escaping. Police search the house, find the bullet hole in the wall and arrest Kool and Buffy. After the police leave, Albert, Carla, and Markie return to the den where the homemade music video still plays on the television. Just as they enter the room, the videotape plays the portion where Winslow was making his telephone call. Realizing the video will clear his friends, Markie takes the tape, but trips and accidentally throws the videocassette into the fireplace where it burns up. In jail, Kool and Buffy will not talk, so the racist police threaten to use a "Florida Lie Detector," a 300-pound white man with a baseball bat. After being hauled away in a police car, Buffy unravels a wire coat hanger, sticks it through the bars separating the front seat from the back seat, and pushes the gas pedal, crashing the police car into another vehicle. When the cops get out to investigate, Kool and Buffy use the coat hanger to steer the car away, and escape. Meanwhile, Winslow orders Albert to open his cabana vault at gunpoint. When he refuses, Winslow knocks Albert unconscious, then uses dynamite to blow open the vault. Once inside, Luis Montana and his man take all the cash, then leave. With Albert tied up nearby, Winslow sets a bomb to go off at the cabana. Winslow lights the extra-long fuse, then leaves. After getting away from the police, Kool and Buffy dress up in police uniforms taken from the squad car they escaped with and commandeer another car from an unsuspecting motorist and drive back to the Lowry estate to rescue their friends. After sneaking around and shooting up a grandfather clock with a sub-machine gun, they defeat Winslow and a few of Montana's henchmen. When Kool and Buffy see the fuse burning. They jump into the swimming pool and create a large splash wave which douses the fuse. They rush to save Albert. However, a spark remains and the fuse reignites. Albert, Kool and Buffy escape just before the cabana explodes. Hearing the explosion, Winslow thinks Albert is dead. He has Montana shoot him in the butt to make it look like a robbery. However, Albert arrives in time to witness this and has Winslow and Montana arrested. Winslow and Montana serve seven years in prison, then commit another crime together and serve another twenty years. Kool becomes a lifeguard and trains to swim the English Channel. Buffy goes to medical school and becomes a heart surgeon. Markie becomes a sex therapist. Albert marries a young nurse and has five children.
tt0095037
Drama,Music
This film follows no rigid plot as it has a strong dreamlike quality and flicks between different memories. Songs are sung in the pub on many occasions and these happy moments of solidarity serve to contrast with the strong strains we see the characters facing.
tt0077942
Drama,Romance
John Travolta plays Strip Sunset, the ultimate female man-toy! If you are a fan of sexy fun on the beach, May-December romance, foot worship, muddy dogs, and awkward, boner-killing PG-13 psuedo-sex scenes, look no further. This is the brownest film ever made. This is the 70's, with a large side of 70's. Contemplating suicide? Do it. Contemplating John Travolta's sexuality? I'M NOT. He got 2 (count em, TWO) HJ's from Lily Tomlin. HE'S STRAIGHT AS FUCK DOG. Go kill yourself. But watch MbM first!
tt0069792
Action,Crime,Drama
From shoe-shine boy to top mafia kingpin, the story of a Harlem youth's rise and fall in New York City's crime underworld. (Josiah Howard, "Blaxploitation Cinema: The Essential Reference Guide.")
tt0075754
Drama,Thriller
This is a modernizing of the classic Mr. Smith Goes to Washington with the only major exceptions being that it includes a bit of karate and that it bears the undeniable anti-nuke sentiment and even includes much of the original script and original words in full and names of the characters, sometimes borrowing heavily on the original musical score. As with the original, the Hero wishes to build a camp and is wanting to put it in the way of huge power plant being built to fulfill a graft in the home state and in the process is framed for owning the land for the two projects and filibusters to be heard "back home" and pushes for a "national innitiative" to get a vote from everyone on every issue instead of a Congressional and Representative Republic.
tt0069729
Action,Adventure
Time marks in brackets are from the MGM/UA Home Video (1993) as 'Naked Warriors' - MGM; when different, New Horizons Home Video (1999) - NHHV is indicated. Bodicia (MARGARET MARKOV), priestess of the Great Goddess, wearing a white dress and the hew crown of the tree worshipers, has a slender, well defined body, pale skin, and silver blond hair down to her waist, and her beautiful face brightens with light blue eyes. She is in her homeland, Brittany, performing the initiation ceremony of a young boy, with streaks of red dye across his forehead, cheeks and chin. They are surrounded by his family and tribe, in the middle of a serene wood of large trees. (02:00 - end of title credits) The peaceful rite is disrupted by an attack of Roman soldiers, who quickly and mercilessly, slay men and women who are not quick enough in escaping. Bodicia runs away, leading the boy, trying to protect him, but as he falls, she stays behind for him, and his cornered by four soldiers. Unarmed, she attempts to fight back with a wood pole and her bare hands, is beaten to the ground, and about to die speared through by a soldier, when an officer says, "She's a nice piece. Save her for the market." The soldiers handcuff her. She's enslaved, , but not her spirit. (04:10) Mamawi (PAM GRIER) is a beautiful, big breasted young princess, with an Afro-hairstyle and sculptural body she moves in a rhythmic dance to attract her lover, to the music of two drums and one flute, under the palm trees of her free Nubia. Instead of being taken by the man swirling with her to the music, she is taken by the Roman invaders. The soldiers kill her man and two musicians with certain arrow shots, and her big brown eyes open wide in shock, as she sees the last of her faithful men die in agony, his stomach open by a Roman gladius, while two men hold his arms apart. Her thoughts of peace ended then, but the soldiers are too many, they overpower her on the ground. She looks up in defiance at the officer who presses her down, with his sandal on her breast. (06:40; NHHV 05:40) The soldiers take the prisoners to the town of Brundisium, and Bodicia, Mamawi and two other girls, stand on a wood platform at the main street. The slave merchant is shouting to the crowd: "Four women, each a man's delight!... Young, and not so young... strong, and not so strong... Some have talents on their head (touches Bodicia's tresses with his whip), some have talents here (touches Mamawi's crotch inserting the whip under her short panther fur skirt) Time for bids on the Nubian." The crowd seems to be interested, but a mannered blond man gets out of a travelling chair, and offers forty Egyptian cesterces of gold for the whole lot. The slave merchant sees the crowd is discouraged by such a high price, and declares, "They're yours! Handle them with care!" The effeminate Priscium (SID LAWRENCE) comments, "I won't handle them at all." He bought the girls for his master, Timarchus (DANIEL VARGAS), proprietor of the town's gladiatorial arena. The women are forced to march on foot to Timarchus's household. There, the women are instructed that their jobs will be to serve and entertain both the spectators and participants of Timarchus' gladiator extravaganzas. (07:00) "Cornelia! Take care of these creatures," says Priscium on arrival. Haughty black haired Cornelia (SARA BAY alias ROSALBA NERY) is Timarchus housekeeper, who is not happy to have those new girls at her charge. "We have enough kitchen help!" She asks the girls' names, and tries to suppress the girls' defiance, namely Bodicia's, and she slaps her hard. The Winekeeper (SALVATORE BACCARO) is a plump man, with a big, black hairdo and beard; he is doing kitchen work and does not participate in the reception of the newcomers. .The women introduce themselves... Deidre of the North (LUCRETIA LOVE), a frail looking, curly reddish brunette; Livia daughter of Scipion (MARIE LOUISE), a very beautiful and haughty blonde, who's reminded that "No one cares who your father was, or you wouldn't be here!" Then, Bodicia of Brittany, and Mamawi (who will later declare she's from Nubia). Cornelia asks the women "to get out of those filthy rags, strip!", to which again Bodicia rebels, "I'll not!" Marcus (VASSILI KARAMENSIS aka VIC KARIS aka VIC CARIUS aka MARCOS VICCARIO?), a virile gladiator with black curly hair, in a red loincloth, laughs at Cornelia: "Hi, Cornelia! Can't you control your silly geese?" The matron turns to him, and his blonde companion, Wulfstan (IVAN GASPER), in a green loincloth, and demands: "Would you like to pluck them for me?" "Can we expect them for dinner tonight?" asks Wulfstan, assuming the custom of gladiators being entitled to sleep with girls the night before an arena fight. "Ah, we haven't cleaned them yet," answers Cornelia. The two young men come forward, and rip the women's clothes. The more reluctant ones are Bodicia, whom Marcus must wrestle to the ground, profiting to rub his body against her nude breasts; and Deidre, who suffers the same fate under Wulfstan. The male gladiators were about to rape the girls if Cornelia didn't stop them, sending them away, and leaving the girls to be brutally washed by two kitchen helpers. (10:20) The next morning. The women are receiving new instructions on the patio adjacent to the arena, while the sounds of fighting, and the crowd, are heard over the walls. (Both video editions lack the arena duel between Marcus and Wulfstan, a fight to which the crowd remains aloof, even when Marcus runs Wulfstan through with the sword. Since these were inserted between the women's dialogue, so did the dialogue disappear, but for the last sentence.) "Our patrons expect good service!" Two kitchen maids are plucking a chicken, and washing the blood into a bucket full of hot water. (Missing in both versions: the quick transition to the arena, where Wulfstan falls onto his back, groaning, with Marcus' sword sticking up from his belly.) Timarchus' gladiator spectacles are not as popular as they used to be. It appears that the people of Brundisium have grown bored with the redundancy of two men fighting to the death. Timarchus is leaving the arena with his friends Lucilius (PAUL MLLER), Lucan (ANTHONY VERNON), and Rufinius (DICK PALMER). Rufinius says it was a miserable act again, and the lanista laments the difficulty to find good gladiators those days. "What can I do - find another Spartacus?" wails Timarchus. The question is rhetoric, and Lucilius reacts promptly: "Gods forbid! I lost a small fortune in that revolt." Rufinius insists the crowd is fed up with the games as they are. Timarchus agrees: "I need something new, something... really exciting!" The four new girl servants enter the arena to clean the arena's mess, and Bodicia sees Wulfstan, one of the men she had seen the day before, who's dying a slow death from Marcus' sword. She caresses his head as he expires, and Marcus approaches her, pulls his sword free: "One of us had to die. It is the rule!" Bodicia shouts at him, "Who's rule?" Marcus retorts, "The rule of the arena. We are gladiators!" Bodicia stands up, and shouts back at him, "Slaves!... That's what you are!..." Meanwhile, others are pulling Wulfstan's corpse out of the arena. (12:20; NHHV 12:50) That evening, Timarchus is offering an orgy to his friends. Food and drink are aplenty, the women and the men lay on comfortable seats and cushions, fondling each others, and eating. Aemilius (CHRISTOPHER OAKES), an effeminate young man, keeps close to Priscium. (A man fondles a standing nude female servant. - NHHV only.) A couple of black musicians are playing, and now he presents his surprise for the evening: a big bird cage made of gold is carried into the large room by four male slaves. (The cage enters from the right side; in NHHV the scene is filmed from different angles.) Mamawi comes out, in a blue silk bra and her crotch and back ornate with feathers of tropical birds, followed by Bodicia, in a simple white tunic. Mamawi's luscious body can't resist the rhythm of the drums, even touching her crotch lightly as her hips roll all by themselves. Bodicia watches disapprovingly, employed as wine servant. A burly man, already drunk, fondles Bodicia, and she slaps him. Lucilius can't stand the sight of Bodicia, and throws himself at her. "I'll teach the bitch!" There's a confused struggle, while he dominates and strips her, and strips his clothes. Soon, his hairy chest is upon her, as he rapes her right there in front of everybody, despite her continuous and useless attempt to fight him back. Mamawi watches disapprovingly, her dance forgotten... (15:30; NHHV 16:20) The slave girls are watching the morning training of the gladiators. Septimus (PETER CESTER), a bald, strong, and experienced gladiator, is the trainer, and he corrects the positions of a square shouldered, Tall Gladiator (PIETRO TORRISI), and Quintus (JHO JENKINS), a black man. The Winekeeper doubles as gong man, using a sword on a bronze shield... (16:30; NHHV 17:10) The games master announces a special gladiatorial game, devised to liven things up in the small-town arena: a duel of two versus one, and Septimus is chosen to take on Quintus, and Marcus, the winner of the previous gladiatorial fight. Lucinia (MARY COUNT), a curly blonde, hears the announcement when she was busy on the stalls, her 5 year old child by her side; she looks worried for the sake of her man, Septimus, the father of her child. The women know the three men have the right to chose a slave girl for their special night, and Mamawi taunts Bodicia about it: "Which one do you wish to warm your bed tonight?" The blonde does not answer, but her eyes are riveted on Marcus, who in turn stares at her. Livia's reaction: "Oh Gods! Do you mean we have to satisfy their animal heat?" Priscium, followed by the always silent Aemilius, visits the women in the evening, saying that the gladiators want "fresh blood", and announces their choice: Deidre, Bodicia, and Mamawi - to be paired respectively with Septimus (despite his long relationship with Lucinia), Marcus, and Quintus. (18:40; NHHV 19:20) Bodicia visits Marcus in his cell, and finds him in grief for having killed his companion, and now he expects to die soon. He sends the blonde away, but she calms him down, gives him courage: "You might well win, I'll pray for you." They end up making love. Mamawi goes to the room of Quintus, a fellow Nubian, and immediately upon her entrance, he attacks her. He forces her onto her back on the wood table, but she grabs a ragged piece of clay dish, puts it to the husky black man's throat, and thus subdues him. She shouts at him, "Quintus, the Romans have taught you to live like an animal, have they also taught you to forget your past?" She slaps him, he looks remorseful for about a minute, then she proceeds to teach him how to make sweet love. Their love scene in the nude is filmed in parallel with Bodicia's. (Septimus session with Deidre is omitted from all film versions.) (23:00; NWHP 24:00) Mamawi, Bodicia and Lucinia watch the special fight, while serving drinks to the spectators on the stalls. Deidre drinks as much as she serves... Marcus fights as a Thracian, with small round shield and a short sword, and Quintus as a retiarius, with the classic trident and a fishermen's net. Septimus is also armed as a Thracian, no extra protective armor, but he is quick and strong enough to sustain a double attack, as he shows more than once. Septimus throws Marcus away with a brutal shove, and turns round swiftly, going inside Quintus' defense. With the shield, he deviates the net to his far left, and quickly thrusts his sword arm low under Quintus' shield. The black man gapes in awe, and Mamawi suspends her action in disbelief. The powerful black gladiator falls to his knees, and rolls aside, his belly open, dying. Septimus sword is already clanking on the small bronze shield Marcus presents to defend himself. It is a quick thrust and parry game, but the young man has not enough strength to keep the big man away for long. Step by step, Marcus finds himself pressed back against the wood wall of the arena, his sword engaged with Septimus' in an ultimate test of strength. Septimus is taller, too, and his sword presses down on Marcus' sword, between their bodies, until he can simply deflect his movement - forward instead of downward. Septimus impales his blade deep through the curly haired man's stomach (off camera), and pulls it off quickly. Marcus remains a moment up against the wall, holding his vitals with his hands, than his knees buckle, and then he falls flat on his face on the sand, dead. Lucinia is relieved, Deidre tipsy, and Bodicia in shock. (24:20; NWHP 25:40) In the sauna, the Roman nobles are considering other possibilities to enliven the shows, possibly nude gladiators, or fights with strange animals, such as snakes, and elephants... In Timarchus' kitchen, the slave girls are talking about the show. Cornelia is all praise for the great show. Bodicia says in a rage, "Blood thirst animals!" The matron advises her: "The gladiators wouldn't like to hear that." Bodicia's retort brings laughs among the other girl slaves: "I meant the spectators!" Livia, always proud of her ancestry (though her father had certainly sold her to pay his debts) intervenes: "Those are Roman citizens, they own the world!" The black panther retorts: "Romans are pigs!" and she throws each word into Livia's face. Livia steps back, and answers with composure, "I admit it was a bit undignified... After all, the first one Septimus killed was only a... black." The racist hint is the last drop in Mamawi's cup. For the sake of Quintus lovemaking, and his dignified combat, the Nubian jumps at the blonde's throat. Bodicia tries to stop her, holding the furious woman by her shoulders: "Leave her, she's only one of us!" Mamawi, in a short blue tunic, vents her repressed rage on Bodicia, in a long white tunic. They fight hand to hand in the middle of the kitchen, clamp on strong headlocks, and grind away at each other, while the other girl slaves and kitchen maids throw flour pots and other kitchen implements at each other. Cornelia, in a dark blue dress, tries to intervene, but Deidre trips her, and the beautiful matron sprawls on the dirty ground, smearing her face. Deidre is showered by chicken dung while hidden under the table. Chairs, tables and food are strewn everywhere as the women ruthlessly brawl. As Bodicia answers Mamawi tit for tat, at a point dueling with big wood spoons and pan covers as shields, the violence communicates itself to the older maids and the other women slaves. [The fight is mostly off camera, in the middle of a great confusion that completely wrecks the kitchen. TV format reduces the spectator's ability to follow the simultaneous action in the large kitchen, possible in the theatrical version.] Maid #1 fights Tall Brunette (ANNA MELITA), in a fight as long and fierce as the black vs blonde fight; Maid #2 fights Tall Blonde, and Maid #3 fights Curly Blonde. Livia, in light pink dress, lovingly wipes Cornelia's face, both hidden under the table now. Lucinia and Deidre keep out of the brawl too, and Deidre finds some wine to drink. The house master calls for Aemilius (mispronouncing the last syllables, as in "lie/yous" instead of "lee/yous") who appears with Priscium and Rufinius, but neither of them are men enough to dare go into the middle of ten brawling women. Septimus appears from his holiday, with flowers for Lucinia. Timarchus tells him that for all he knows, she may be dead in the kitchen brawl, and Septimus goes in, grabs Mamawi and Bodicia by the neck, and pulls them apart. Their fierce mutual headlock had depleted both girls of the last of their energy, and they slump to the ground at the same time, knocked-out. Rufinius puts forward an idea: seeing the way the raging she-cats fought, why not presenting them as female gladiators? It would be, he says, "the return of the Amazons, barbarian women pitted against each other in the ultimate test of the arena." Timarchus accepts the suggestion, admitting it could have some degree of success with the jaded crowd. (29:30; NHHV 30:50) Next day, the girls find themselves in the arena to be trained in armed combat by Septimus, side by side with their male companions. Bodicia and the Tall Brunette, the Tall Blonde vs Curly Blonde (too briefly in video, then the camera pans to) a longer engagement between Livia in white tunic vs Mamawi in red tunic. (NHHV is a different version, filmed with different clothes, but the same script.) With dexterity, Livia disarms Mamawi, and trips her. Mamawi looks up at her, still unable to understand how it happened so fast, and Livia puts her sandal on the black's bosom, looking around the arena for the applause of her 'victory'. Mamawi was not playing to gladiators' rules, she twists under Livia's leg, and bites her, then pulls her quickly down on top of her, and tangles with her in an all-in fight, pulling hair, punching and kicking, until they are separated by Septimus. "Mamawi! What sort of conduct is this?" demands the trainer. Mamawi recalls the Romans treacherous attack on her peaceful tribe, and answers, head high, chest shivering with emotion: "Roman!" (31:10; NHHV 32:40) The Tall Gladiator, fighting as a Thracian, dispatches his Murmillo opponent in a short fight, and the spectators are booing, voting death to the defeated, despite his courageous performance. (scene missing from both video versions) The corpse of the myrmillo is dragged out of the arena, still with his closed helmet on, with holes for the eyes only. The first pair of gladiatrixes is called: Bodicia and Deidre, with long swords. An ill omen... Bodicia is reluctant to attack, as she sees that Deidre is drunk, but after some feints and a few twinkles of the swords, Deidre trips and falls, loses her sword, and Bodicia waits for her to pick it up, and return to the (mocked) fight. Deidre plunges forward, saying, "Common Britty, fight!" and as Bodicia simply steps aside, she falls flat on her face. Bodicia had vowed she would refuse to execute a death sentence, preferring to die by the soldiers' arrows. But she puts up a happy smile, puts her sandal on Deidre's rump, and lifts up her sword. Crowds are unpredictable, and because they had seen a fun show, gladiatrixes in short tunics and half-bare chests, they were rolling in laughter and asks for clemency. Timarchus, nonchalantly, and to Bodicia and Deidre's relief, gives them the thumbs up signal. (34:30; NHHV 36:10) Bodicia refuses to be acclaimed as female gladiator champion by her comrades, saying graciously that "Deidre fell victim to Bacchus, not to me." Cornelia announces, with obvious relish, that next week, "The special attractions will be Mamawi, and... Livia!" The night before the event, Lucinia wakes up with a nightmare (topless in bed), and tells Septimus that she is afraid she will die in the arena, in the coming fight. He dismisses her fear, for she has not been chosen to fight. (38:00; NHHV 39:50) The opening male combat is a classic Thracian vs Myrmillo fight. The men fight longer than usual, both sustain several wounds, and keep on fighting, bravely. They are too tired, and losing so much blood from their wounds, and neither is able to finish the other. They teeter on their legs, sway apart, and fall onto the sand, groaning and dying slowly of their wounds, but without a clear decision of the fight. Too bad for the betting, and for the crowd's state of mind, when Mamawi and Livia, each a perfect epitome of beauty, walk to the balcony overlooking the arena, to salute the noble Romans. Mamawi has her breasts encased in a thin white bandage firmly crossed around her chest, a leather cinch belt, and the left arm protected by chain mail, a red loincloth, a trident and a small round shield. Livia is in a white loincloth and similarly bandaged breasts, holding her bright silver myrmillo helmet by her left side, the gladius on her right. (38:40; NHHV 40:40) Rufinius stands up, already drunk, and shouts at the women: "Name yourselves!" Mamawi intones clearly, in her slightly deep voice, "Mamawi of Nubia!" Her big brown eyes are serene. Livia claims, in her high tone voice: "Livia, child of Scipion...and a daughter of Rome!" Her big blue eyes travel around the arena, taking in the complicity of her white co-citizens. After a heated, shouted debate, the majority asks Timarchus, "Get another!" A quick substitute is to be provided. Priscium is at a loss, all the other gladiatrixes are occupied, distributing wine in the spectators' stalls, too difficult to bring them down in a hurry... Then he thinks of Lucinia, she is a bit older than the other girls, but she is no less attractive, and strong. Lucinia goes through a quick process in her dark slave chamber, to dress her up as a gladiatrix, in front of her five-year-old girl. Stripped (seen from the waist up), dressed in fighting white bandages to form a top, and a loincloth, leather belts, arm and shin protectors, and a helmet with gay bird feathers that will prevent anyone from recognizing her - except for Septimus, who is familiar with her body, and watches in despair from behind an iron grid, as Lucinia enters the arena. Mamawi has excelled as a retiarius, and she fights Lucinia, who is armed with a short gladius and a small, round shield. They put up a good fight, but the crowd is still riled with the poor result of the men's duel and wants to see blood. When Lucinia is disarmed, and beaten down with the pole section of the trident, she falls sideways, and lays supine. Mamawi presses the three-pronged fork to her opponent's heaving breasts, and looks up - hoping for the games' master favor again. Lucinia plays for the crowd the last of a defeated gladiator's crowd, she takes her helmet off, exposing her anguished, beautiful face for all to see, and have mercy. Mamawi understands that almost no one paid attention to her game of death - most spectators, in the stalls and in the stand, are drunk, betting, petting, and the few that were paying attention want to see blood. As much as Timarchus may wish to spare a gladiator's life, and he enjoyed her performance and her looks, he dares not oppose the verdict of the crowd - thumbs down. Mamawi refuses, thus enraging the crowd, and Timarchus, who repeats the order, and then orders the archers to enforce it. The first arrow wounds Mamawi in the upper arm, and a second arrow will not miss her chest. More intent to live then to abet by ideals of friendship, she pushes the trident down with her full might, finishing her comrade as quickly as she could. Then Mamawi walks out, her eyes lowered, struggling not to cry out loud her physical and emotional pain. (43:30; NHHV 45:50) In the women's quarters, Livia accuses Mamawi of murdering Lucinia, to which Mamawi replies, tearful: "I didn't murder her, she was armed and she tried to kill me!" Livia, cynically: "She wasn't armed when you killed her..." Mamawi begs the forgiveness of her comrades, recalling how she did it only to save herself, after the soldiers started shooting arrows at her. Priscium enters then, and announces a new special, the winners of the first two combats, Bodicia and Mamawi. Bodicia surprises everyone when she demands her right to chose a man for her last night, like a male gladiator would. "Who's going to be the lucky man... or woman?" Priscium asks her. "Septimus," the girl answers, surprising the others even more. Deidre objects that it makes three fights in the same week, more than the usual, and Cornelia tells her they should thank their Roman patrons who asked to see more of them fighting. Then, Cornelia takes off her leather belt, and whiplashes Deidre severely, as the other women get out for their chambers. (NHHV filmed differently) Septimus is crazy with grief, and Bodicia sympathizes with him, "She gave you a child..." then leads him further in that mind track with her conservative speech: "That men should fight and die seems only natural. But women?..." She finds no difficulty to enlist his help in organizing a break-out of the female slaves through the underground tunnels between the wine cellars and the distant shore, where they would get a boat to leave Brundisium. Her last words are: "Do it for Lucinia!" Next night, Mamawi surprises Livia in her bed: "One sound and you're a dead Roman." Mamawi puts the blonde in a strong head and arm lock, and forces her to go with the escaping girls to the entrance of the wine cellar, and explains, "She's less dangerous if she is with us." They set in the darkness, waiting for Septimus. However, instead of just taking some weapons and meet the girls as arranged, Septimus tries to murder Timarchus, breaking into his bedroom. (Cornelia discovers his intention, and prepares an ambush for him with the centurion (JANN FOX) - a scene omitted in both video editions.) Septimus is arrested. (53:30) Cornelia is happy when she announces to Bodicia and Mamawi, while they are stripped, about to put on their armor, that the master escaped a death attempt the night before, and will consider giving freedom to the winner of the women's fight, if - and she underlines it briskly - "if it is a good fight!" First, Deidre tries to make a joke of it, claiming with her gladius raised: "Those who are about to die, salute you!" Then, suddenly somber, and very much in control, she says: "Only the loser will be free." Mamawi has the last word, "I'll be free, my way!..." Meanwhile, the Centurion escorts Septimus with a handful of soldiers to the main road, and a new post is erected to crucify him. He pleads with the captain of the guard, "A man should die as he lived!" and the loyal soldier gives his gladius to the courageous man, who falls upon the sword, taking his own life in honorable fashion. (55:50; NHHV 58:20) The initial duel between men ends, another lifeless body is carried out of the arena, and the two beautiful gladiatrixes are still discussing what they should do in case of victory, without Bodicia being able to convince Mamawi that it was wrong to kill. "What do you suggest then, that we kill each other?" Mamawi ripostes, "It may come that it will be you to decide who shall die!..." Bodicia, counters coldly, "Alright, we'll do it your way." Another match is called, matching very distinct weapons, gladiatrix vs retiarius, idealist vs materialist, blonde vs black - wearing distinct loincloths - green for Bodicia, red for Mamawi - but ultimately beauty versus beauty, slave against slave. They salute the Emperor in the person of Timarchus, and he signals the beginning of their end by letting his delicate white handkerchief fall. (56:40; NHHV 59:30) They stare at each other, circling slowly, then they engage, and both fight hard, and well. Their blades meet, echoing three, four, five times as they attack and parry their mortal thrusts. Then, Mamawi takes the offensive, and six times the trident hits the small leather shield, with a dull sound. Bodicia knows she can not hold much longer the impact of the powerful Negress's strikes, and she counter-attacks, three thrusts that Mamawi takes again on her small bronze disk. The short gladius forced the blonde to come close to the retiarius, and quickly danced aside to prevent being trapped by the long reaching net. Bodicia elected to go in on the left side, exposing herself to the trident, rather than the net, and Mamawi had assumed the contrary, usual escape. Therefore she threw her net to the right, too far, and lost it. She promptly beats the shield away from Bodicia's left wrist, with a strong downward stroke of the trident. The women face each other without protective weapons either than their sandals, leather belts, and Mamawi's left arm chain mail. The blonde attacks in despair, and the Nubian is forced to her knees. The peaceful priestess, in the heat of the battle, disengages her gladius and strikes to the black woman's chest, but Mamawi strikes low with the pole hand of the trident and the blonde stumbles back, hurt. The black panther is swiftly up and goes after the blonde, who trips and defends three successive attacks with her gladius, until her hurt wrist can't hold her bronze blade any longer, and she loses her weapon. She ramps back on her rump, looking up at the savage Nubian, until she has her back against the wall - like Marcus in his last fight. There is no pleading in her eyes, only resignation. There is no scorn in the black woman's eyes, only rage and frustration, as she presses the tridents' deadly fork to her opponent's chest. The thumbs down comes, and Mamawi relives in a second the moment of her first kill. Now, she decides she can not massacre such a loyal girl as the blonde. She shouts, "Freedom!" Timarchus tells Rufinius to give the order to the soldiers, and he does. But the archers have been overpowered by the wine-servant girls, and now they shoot Rufinus, instead. (A few guards had been drugged with wine provided by the tricky Deidre, and their positions had been taken by slave girls in disguise. - Not shown in the video editions.) Deidre plays her last trick, shoving Timarchus off the platform, making him break his head on the sandy arena. (60:00) All hell breaks lose, in the arena, and on the stand. The spectators became an enraged mob, eager to see blood, incensed by too much alcohol, and demand that the master fights. Bodicia offers Timarchus her sword, so he can defend himself against Mamawi, and he abjectly refuses, sobbing like a child, on his knees. Mamawi impales the man through the chest with all her might. Timarchus collapses on his face, when Mamawi pulls her weapon off him, and Cornelia screams at the loss of her man (their sexual bond had been established earlier, in the conversation about the escape attempt, missing in both video versions). (62:20) A riot starts in the slaves quarters, and some enter the arena. Several soldiers come into the arena to get the two gladiatrixes, and four are taken down by the certain arrows of the Tall Brunette and the Tall Blonde, and two other women in soldier's uniform, except for their helmets and red togas. These women now descend to the arena, to give a hand to the male gladiators. In the arena, a number of individual duels are taking place and, as in a battle, each victor soon finds him or herself facing another opponent. Bodicia guts two soldiers in quick succession. (One only in NHHV.) Deidre is not faring badly, tripping one soldier, then seating astride him, and strangling him with the aid of a trident across his throat. Cornelia, in a purple dress, descends to the arena, and cries over her husband's body. A number of excited citizens jump from the stalls into the noble's stand, and grab Priscium and Livia, who were trying to escape. Bodicia engages and kills another soldier with the gladius. Lucan, in a yellow toga, jumps to the arena, and tries to make himself scarce - but Mamawi stops his escape with the trident. He offers her a purse with money, and she crushes his testicles with a swift hit of the trident's shaft. Priscium is thrown down to the arena (not to be seen again in any version of the movie). Aemilius escapes to ask for reinforcements from the army detachment that had gone out of the town to crucify Septimus. (65:00; NHHV 68:00) The Tall Brunette gladiatrix and the Tall Gladiator are doing particularly well. Mamawi spits her trident through a soldier's throat. Cornelia kisses her dead husband on the lips. (These three scenes are missing in both video editions.), Cornelia arms herself with a gladius lost by her dead man, stands up, her eyes dry, her stance determined for revenge. The Tall Blonde in soldier's uniform dispatches one soldier and turns around, just as Cornelia slashes downwards at her chest. The blonde staggers, dead on her feet, and collapses. Cornelia walks to Deidre, to take her from the back as she is engaged in a sword duel with a soldier. Mamawi kills Cornelia, impaling her through the back with her trident. Deidre never knew how she had escaped, as she makes her first arena kill, besting the soldier she was fighting... Mamawi kills another soldier. Bodicia and Mamawi kill the last two soldiers - but there are not many slave survivors of the arena carnage. On the balcony, Livia screams, while one Roman rapes her (only in NWHP, although shortened and without the soft-core close-ups of the theatrical showing), while three other men hold her head and arms. (67:00; NHHV 70:00) The survivor slaves escape from the arena to a patio where the wine-cellars are. The are hunted by a few Roman knights, and prepare a ambush for them with three gladiator nets. The first three horsemen are thus trapped. The Tall Gladiator jumps onto one, and strangles him (NHHV only). Bodicia and Mamawi kill their men with their respective weapons, the sword, and the trident, and take command of their horses. The Tall Gladiator kills two more knights in quick sword play (missing in NHHV). A Roman archer kills the Curly Blonde gladiatrix with an arrow between her breasts. (69:00; NHHV 72:00) Bodicia impales two other soldiers, and Deidre kills another man, than stops for a drink. Mamawi guts one soldier, and the Tall Gladiator slashes a soldier across the chest. (Deidre kills her second man in the patio. - not shown in NHHV) The Tall Gladiator goes down with a spear impaled through his back. The Tall Brunette guts a soldier, too. She is the last survivor to enter the wine-cellars, after Mamawi, Bodicia, and Deidre. The Winekeeper stood behind at the entrance to the cellars, and one soldier dispatches him with a sword thrust to his stomach, despite he was unarmed. The girls barricade the door from inside, then go down into the deep catacombs. (70:10; NHHV 73:10) Lucilius, the Centurion and a handful of soldiers, arrive. "Bring the hounds!" orders Lucilius, who knows the catacombs are too dark and tricky for a man to find his way in or out. Underground, Deidre is suddenly afraid of the darkness: "There are dead in there!" Bodicia calms her down: "The dead don't harm you." When the first four soldiers catch the fugitives, these were hiding under white blankets, but Deidre was shaking so much in panic that she gave them away. They fight with swords, Deidre manages to kill her opponent, Bodicia and Mamawi each takes one man down, but the Tall Brunette is gutted by her opponent, whom she just wounds (scene cut from both video editions). Her killer doesn't live long though, as Mamawi dispatches him next. Lucilius is getting impatient: "Are you coming?" The Centurion explains, "My forces are expected in Rome." He shows the written marching orders to Rome, so it is up to Lucilius to quench the revolt until next dawn, if he wants to have the soldiers with him. (72:40; NHHV 76:10) The three fugitives make their way through the darkness. Bodicia leads the way, and almost falls in a deep crevice from wall to wall. She is held up by Mamawi and Deidre, then they have to jump across, as the sounds of Lucilius, soldiers, and their dogs, are heard. Deidre is afraid to jump, and when she does, she misses, and hangs on from Mamawi's hands. The soldiers are finally behind her, and they throw spears and arrows. Deidre is wounded by an arrow, then dies impaled with a spear in her back. Bodicia, wounded in a leg, can't stand, but she grabs some rocks and throws them at the soldiers, ineffectually. The black warrior picks up a lost spear, and sends it across the crevice, taking the archer full in the chest. (The spectators are not shown what happens on Lucilius' side of the tunnel, but apparently the soldiers, the dogs and himself are gone, for the sounds die away.) (74:20; NHHV 77:50) The two women survivors run away, tired, wounded and barely able to carry their gladius - but they think they are left alone at last. There is even light at the end of the tunnel... Lucilius the rapist, left alone by his soldiers, catches up with them and, in a surprise attack, almost severs Mamawi's right arm with a swiping sword thrust. Mamawi engages the hated Roman alone, in her last duel. He is too good for her tired arm... Soon he disarms her, she falls, he grins, and slashes hard at her, so hard, and so high, that his sword breaks against the wall. He roars, picks a big rock, and stands above Mamawi, ready to bash her head with it. Bodicia is too hurt to stand up, but she manages to stand just to waist level, against the wall, crawls behind him, and sticks his broken sword through his ribs. The rock rolls on the ground, and he crumples forward, dead. The two women fell into each other's arms in a moment of tenderness. Mamawi applies make-shift bandages to Bodicia's right upper arm (and not on video, left leg), then they walk to the end of the tunnel, out into the wood overlooking a beach, empty but for a rowing boat with two fishermen. Helping each other to keep upright, they march forward. On reaching the sand, Bodicia asks Mamawi, signaling the fishermen: "Think you can handle them?" Mamawi smiles back at her former rival, and together they march slowly to the boat, against the sunset. (The End, end credits roll.) (78:00; NHHV 82:00)
tt0087054
Comedy,Drama,Romance
During the mid 80's Alan Rudolph became one of the most interesting ensemble cast filmmakers since Robert Altman. His quirky boutique dramas had style and flair and a touch of the 80's hip angst. This is my favorite of that time. The art direction and camera movements are as much story tellers as the dialogue. Pay attention to the paintings and posters in the scenes. They almost always have a subtext comment to the exact scene being spoken by the actors. And Rudolph loves to let his actors act! There is a brilliant scene where Mickey (Keith Carradine) is eating breakfast with Nancy/Ann (Genevive Bujold). The camera pulls back, zooms in and pans like a tennis match as the actors go thru an unbroken 3 plus minute dialog scene. I haven't seen a scene go that long since the opening of Rope! This film is full of great dialog, style and fun!
tt0072354
Horror
John (Brian Deacon) and Harriet (Ally Faulkner) are a young couple driving through the English countryside in their camper. It is getting dark and they have not found a place to park their camper for the night. They pass two mysterious women in the road and pull up beside a deserted castle where they intend to pass the night. For the next few days they camp there, not knowing that during the days the two women, Fran (Marianne Morris) and Miriam (Anulka), are a lesbian vampire couple. They lie asleep in the cemetery during the day while at night they pick up men and take him to their castle. There, they feed them wine, have passionate sex, and then stab them to death while drinking their blood. The only exception is Ted (Murray Brown), who manages to survive for three nights in a row. One of Fran and Miriam victim's is a local playboy (Michael Byrne) they invite to their mansion one evening where they tease him with their come-ons, give him fine wine, and kill him by slashing his neck and draining his blood for them to drink. (Note: Fran and Miriam do not appear to have any fanged teeth as other literacy vampires). One evening Ted escapes. He runs to the camper to enlist John and Harriet's help. When John goes to start the car, Fran and Miriam get him. When Harriet goes to check on John, the girls capture her and take her into their basement lair and kill her and drain her blood. Ted apparently gets away by driving away in John and Harriet's car. The next morning, a real estate man shows a young American couple the mansion where Fran and Miriam continue to lurk telling them that many years ago two unknown women were murdered there and that their bodies later vanished. The film ends here, implying that Fran and Miriam will continue their killing spree against trespassers on their domain.
tt0074226
Horror,Thriller
In a secluded cabin near Los Angeles, California, photographer Frannie Scott (Richard Crystal) entertains his friends by singing a Frank Sinatra tune. Inadvertently, one of the party goers pulls off Frannie's wig, revealing a peculiar baldness. Everyone stares in shock, and Frannie, appearing possessed, runs out of the cabin. As the party disperses, Jerry "Zippy" Zipkin (Zalman King), a bright but aimless Cornell University graduate, stays behind and searches the surrounding woods for his friend Frannie. Soon, he hears women screaming from inside the cabin and returns to find that Frannie has killed them. Transformed into a deranged, powerful madman, the zombie-like Frannie leaps at Jerry and chases him outside. Along a dark road, Jerry pushes Frannie in front an oncoming truck, and Frannie dies. Jerry escapes from the scene, but is shot in the arm by one of the truck drivers who mistakenly thinks Jerry is a killer. During the police investigation, the detectives also believe Jerry is responsible for the cabin murders, despite a statement from his girlfriend, Alicia Sweeny (Deborah Winters), that he is innocent. At a hospital, Jerry waits in the office of his friend Dr. David Blume (Robert Walden) and notices the various diplomas on the wall, including one from Stanford University. Blume cleans the gunshot wound, but is skeptical about Jerry's story that the injury was accident. Taking aspirin for a headache, Blume appears unwell, but says he is just overworked. At a park, Jerry reunites with Alicia who says he appears guilty by running from the police. After Jerry explains that he needs to find out why Frannie become a monster, he sees a newspaper headline about a Glendale detective, John O'Malley, who killed his wife and two children. The man has the same bald, psychotic appearance as Frannie. At the O'Malley residence, Jerry connects similarities between the crimes and notices another Stanford diploma on the wall. Jerry briefly talks with a middle aged woman (Alice Ghostley) who was a long-term neighbor of O'Malley who describes how one day O'Malley went crazy and killed his family. Next, Jerry breaks into Frannie's studio and discovers a psychedelic photograph featuring Edward Flemming (Mark Goddard), who is now a prominent politician running for Congress. The caption underneath the photo reads "Blue Sunshine." While Alicia waits nearby, Jerry interrupts Flemming on the campaign trail to tell him that Frannie has died. Flemming remembers Frannie immediately, but claims no knowledge of the words, "Blue Sunshine." Meanwhile, Wayne Mulligan (Ray Young), the campaign manager, flirts with Alicia and mentions that he and Flemming went to Stanford together. Suddenly, Detective Clay (Charles Sibert), who is investigating the cabin murders by following Alicia, recognizes Jerry and pursues him, but during the car chase Jerry manages to slip away. When they rendezvous later, Jerry tells Alicia that Flemming is not being honest about "Blue Sunshine," which Jerry believes is somehow connected to Frannie's disease. As soon as Alicia realizes that Frannie, O'Malley and Flemming all graduated from Stanford ten years ago, Jerry remembers the diploma in Blume's office and rushes to the hospital. Through the window of the operating room, Jerry observes Blume as he becomes edgy while performing a surgical procedure. When Blume returns to his office, Jerry pulls his hair to see if it will fall out and explains that Blume might have a disease affecting Stanford classmates from ten years ago causing baldness and homicidal behavior. Although unacquainted with O'Malley and Frannie, Blume admits that he knows Flemming very well, after befriending him in college on account of Flemming's drug connections. Thinking back, Blume recalls the name "Blue Sunshine" because it was an LSD-like drug that he bought from Flemming, but never took. Unsure of the purity, Blume resold the dose to strangers for a small profit to help pay tuition. Calling it a time bomb, Jerry thinks "Blue Sunshine" is finally exploding in the chromosomes of those who took it ten years ago, but he needs a way to prove it. When Blume suggests obtaining a blood sample to test for genetic damage, Jerry says he needs a means of temporarily subduing the infected individual, who possesses uncommon strength. Although reluctant, Blume says he will try to obtain a tranquilizer. At a campaign event in the park, Mulligan runs into Alicia and continues to flirt. When a truck zooms past them, Alicia notices that Mulligan is easily agitated by the noise and holds his hair to protect it from the gust of wind. For the sake of Jerry's investigation, she agrees to meet Mulligan the following night during the campaign's final rally at a shopping mall. Later, Alicia contacts Lieutenant Clay and asks for his help in apprehending an individual at the mall, which might prove Jerry's innocence. Meanwhile, Blume nervously slips Jerry the tranquilizer drugs and tells him not to come by the hospital anymore, since he is a wanted man. Before Jerry leaves, Blume recalls Wayne Mulligan as a guy in college who always wanted LSD. Next, Jerry buys a gun, loads it with tranquilizer darts and learns from Flemming's staff that Mulligan will be at Shopper's World for the final campaign event. At a discotheque near the rally, Alicia greets Mulligan at the bar. Sweating, he says he does not feel well and goes to the bathroom. When Clay arrives, he finds Mulligan bent over the bathroom sink. As Clay pulls him up, Mulligan's wig comes off and he throws Clay against a stall. Marching through the disco, Mulligan pushes and hurls people across the floor. The crowd screams and starts running through mall. In the mayhem, Jerry grabs someone who tells him that a bald maniac has gone crazy in the disco. Alicia takes shelter inside the glass-enclosed DJ booth, as Jerry arrives and unsuccessfully tries to fight off the superhuman zombie. When Alicia turns up the volume of the disco music, Mulligan screams in agony and leaves the room. Jerry chases Mulligan through a closed department store. After Jerry shoots him with a tranquilizer dart, Mulligan staggers and collapses. The film ends with Jerry standing guard over Mulligan while waiting for the police to arrive so Jerry can present Mulligan to them and therefor prove his innocence of all the killings and have a living proof person of the after effects of 'blue sunshine'. A series of on-screen texts reveal that tests reveal widespread abnormalities in Mulligan's chromosomes as a result of the exposure to the "Blue Sunshine", and he is currently incarcerated in a sanitarium. Meanwhile, a government task force discovers that 250 doses of the drug "Blue Sunshine" that were manufactured back in September 1967 are still missing.
tt0078975
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
This movie, chiefly written by Bruce Lee, is about obtaining Enlightenment, so this synopsis also contains some Buddhist interpretation of "Circle of Iron." Many things happen in a very subtle manner, so I explain their significance, even though the movie does not. This movie is about finding the Buddha, within your own mind (and heart, and soul). And so, after Enlightenment, you become the manifestation of Buddha. Then, you can truly say, I AM the Buddha. (Of course, some lucky Christians also achieve Enlightenment. Then they can say, I AM the Christ, although a manifestation of Jesus as a human being, not as being God Himself.) Teachings (and Rules) are important for the Way toward spirituality, but they cease to teach you when you are Enlightened (or, on that last path to receive Enlightenment). At this point, every person decides what they will do to live their own spiritual life, and what they believe about the Supreme Being. Cord sets off to find "The Book." It is guarded by Zetan: "the Keeper of The Book." The Book contains the secrets of the Universe (and it really does), and gives you the information needed to become Enlightened. Along the way, there is a flute playing a haunting song (and his Spiritual Guide who plays that flute). Whenever Cord hears the music play, he is about to face a step on his journey (or, one of his 3 Trials). Cord tried to become the Seeker to Zetan by entering the Contest, offered at a local monastery. Many martial arts masters are there to vie in ritual combat to be awarded the Medallion. This is the prize. This Medallion proclaims its wearer as that monastery's Seeker (to face and defeat Zetan, so he is allowed to read The Book). Everyone sent in the past has failed to defeat Zetan. The movie opens toward the end of the Contest. We watch Cord quickly win 2 rounds of the Contest. The final round arrives; it is Cord versus Morthon. During their combat, Cord hit Morthon while he was down on the ground. So, Cord is disqualified, and Morthon wins the Contest. The medallion necklace is put around Morthon's neck. Cord objects to be required to obey every Rule . But the official proclaims that rules are Rules, and perfectly following them is an important trait of anyone in order to defeat Zetan. The next morning, Morthon sets off to find Zetan. Cord follows him for a day, but then runs off when he hears the inviting flute music, until he gets to where the sound is coming from. He witnesses a fight. A man with a flute fights, and quickly defeats, many angry men who attack him. Morthon left, so Cord leaves alone, on his journey. Along the way, Cord has 3 Trials. For the first 2 Trials he is forewarned about the situation. . . . . . . . The Monkey Trial: Don't turn your back on the attacker, even if he is just a Joker. Cord hears the music again. So he follows the music again, and meets the man playing it. Later this man will become Cord's Spiritual Guide. This Guide has a scene with a Monkey. The Monkey screams loudly, and keeps trying to get behind him. He constantly turns to face the Monkey. After the Monkey leaves, Cord asks if this is the secret of how to handle Monkeys. ... Yes, it is. Cord walks on alone and finds Morthon, bleeding and unable to walk. Cord asks: "Did Zetan do this to you?" ... Morthon moans: No, "I failed the First Trial." ... Cord asks, "What was that First Trial?" ... ... "Monkeys." As he dies, Morthon tells Cord to take the Medallion. Cord puts it on. Now, Cord is the "legal" Seeker for the monastery. Cord enters the nearby cave, full of monkeys. There he witnesses another Seeker with a Medallion (from a different monastery), fighting with the Chief Monkey. It rages on for minutes. (During this fight Cord hears his Spiritual Guide repeat the lesson: "Unmask his ego" and you will win against a Monkey.) The fight finishes. The Seeker is killed, and his medallion is yanked off from his neck (and added to a pile of medallions, from all of the other dead Seekers). Cord walks up. The Monkey says many things to belittle Cord, and make jokes of Cord's every answer, and keeps circling around him. Cord stays focused, and doesn't allow himself to forget why he is there -- to defeat the Monkey (and win his First Trial). Finally, Cord says: "I don't want to fight you"; so "let me just walk around you." The Chief Monkey replies: "That is not in the order of things" (you must fight me, in order to go to Zetan). The fight is ON. Cord hits and hits, the Monkey gets blocked at every blow. The Monkey stops. Then he tells Cord how to find Zetan: "Go to a wilderness, and find a rose there." ... Cord has survived his First Trial. Cord gets his next clue of the upcoming Trial. Cord meets a man standing in a barrel of oil. This man has been inside of the barrel for 10 years. He is trying to melt off his penis. His legs are like spaghetti, and his penis is just a wisp. He is doing this because he can't prevent himself from having affairs (after making 100 Vows of Celibacy over the years, and lacking the courage to cut his penis off). His wife (after earlier not liking the idea) supports him living in the barrel, and even brings him food to eat. When Cord tells him he's looking for Zetan, the man warns him that sex will get in the way, and that Cord will falter in his search because of his sex drive. Then he invites Cord to get in the barrel with him (because -- he thinks -- Cord will fail, just like the man did, and then Cord will want to melt his off ). Cord laughs, and walks off. Cord has taken a Vow of Chastity a year before, and he "knows" that he will remain faithful to his Vow until he attains Enlightenment. The man in the oil was weak about sex, but Cord is NOT weak. . . . . . . . .The Sex Trial (in 2 parts). . . . Part one. Cord arrives at an encampment, in celebration, with dancing and fireworks. He sees a veiled woman go by, with a rose on her robe (Find a rose in the wilderness). This is the Way to Zetan! He follows the woman into a tent. Changshaw invites Cord to sit next to him. He offers Cord whatever he needs for his journey. Cord says he wants to "Find a rose in the wilderness." She is Changshaw's 9th wife, "You may have her." Cord tells him about his Vow of Chastity. Changshaw laughs. "My wife would break her promise of fidelity to me, and you would break your promise to yourself." A man with another Medallion wants to fight Changshaw; Changshaw tries to talk the man out of it. The man insists. OK. The fight is on. Changshaw kicks him in the groin over and over. He dies with a crushing blow. (His medallion is yanked off and thrown into a box of medallions.) Changshaw announces that by dying, the man has finally found what he was looking for, knowledge and truth. Cord watches. That night, Cord decides to sleep with wife number 9. He has realized that sex is a beautiful thing. He falls in love, and asks her to come live with him. She agrees, but tells him to get some sleep for their journey. The next morning, Cord finds out that she is dead, and Changshaw has killed her (and left the area). Cord is filled with anger at Changshaw. Eventually, Cord discovers why the other man wanted to fight Changshaw -- in revenge for killing his lover, Changshaw's 8th wife. Cord meets with his Spiritual Guide: Cord tells him his understanding of the lesson: "Don't hold on too tight" to anyone else. Cord is told: "You can't even possess yourself, how can you possibly hope to possess someone else?"... Good lesson. Our minds wonder from second to second, so we cannot possess our own mind completely ... therefore, how can we control the mind of another person? ... Well, we can't. ... This lesson (later) gravitates inside of Cord to become: 'Don't hold too tightly to your feelings of revenge on Changshaw.' ... Don't let your journey for Enlightenment come to an end, just because of this betrayal by Changshaw. . . . . . . . Time for the Third Trial. It is a dark night. Cord goes to sleep. A scary noise awakens him. A growling panther arrives. Cord is afraid. Then Cord realizes what is happening: the panther is Death (incarnate). Cord was at first afraid, but then finds his center and says: "Come any time, welcome guest." ... Cord has passed the Third Trial. He faced Death itself, and didn't want to hold on to his Life. By offering his Life, he has saved his Life. Now, onward, to find Zetan. Cord asks his Spiritual guide to be his Teacher. He will only be teacher if Cord asks him no questions about anything Cord sees him doing. "Agreed." Then, Cord sees 3 separate incidents where he couldn't understand his Teacher's actions, 2 apparently angry and destructive to someone, and 1 other which seemed irrational. Cord fires his Teacher, and asks him "Why?" . . . and finds out how blind he was; the Teacher explained each situation to him, and Cord saw that his actions each time were absolutely what should have occurred. The former Teacher leaves. Now Cord is on his own for the rest of the way. The Sex Trial. Part 2, Cord arrives. Changshaw greets him, and then he kills a bull with a karate chop (maybe, to let Cord know this Trial could kill him, like the man before). Changshaw brags about killing his 9th wife with his own 2 hands, because Cord had slept with her. But Cord replies, "I killed her, with THESE 2 hands" (by his very act of sex, and asking her to leave her husband). Changshaw lets him know he has passed this Trial: (You are) "Not the same Cord" (I knew before). Now a final battle, to learn the secret of all the Trials. Cord blocks all of the blows. Then Changshaw suddenly becomes the Monkey he had fought before, Cord loses his center and gets hit. Then Death appears, growling, Cord gets hit. He hears the music, smiles a knowing smile (all 3 of the creatures in my Trials are the same man), Cord relaxes and finds his focus. He lands all of his blows, and gets none back. Changshaw pulls back from him. ... It's over. . . . Changshaw smiles, Cord smiles, and laughs. ... Cord hears the magic words: "You are the Chosen" (the one to meet Zetan). Zetan is on that island. A boat arrives and transports Cord across the water. Cord is ceremonially cleansed, and given a new robe to wear (the same one that everyone else is wearing there). Cord is now ready to face Zetan. Comment: Cord has faced the Monkey trial, in which he has resisted becoming shamed (and from losing his focus on the task at hand). Cord faced Changshaw, with love, instead of with hate and vengeance (after Cord's beloved girlfriend was killed because of his affair with her). Then, Cord invited Death to come and kill him whenever he wants to. Cord has conquered his fear of Death, his fear of obsession with sex (and revenge), and his fear of being shamed. These are 3 Trials which face all men, all of our lives. How we react to these Trials controls our actions (and our feelings, and our view of Life). While passing through Cord's 3 Trials he has transcended those blocks to living freely, and so, he is one of the lucky people who can now read from The Book, and find personal Enlightenment. Cord is led to a group of people. Cord asks to see Zetan. The group opens up, and there stands an old man, with a large image of 3 Roses on his robe (like the Monkey said: "Find a rose there" ... the 3 Trials). Then Zetan offers Cord a rose he picks off of a bush. Cord refuses. All he wants to do is to read The Book. Zetan walks him across the monastery. There are many people in the courtyard. They haven't read The Book, "They are called the Near Ones. They are studying the perfecting of perfection" (instead of finishing their journey, and reading The Book, after passing their own 3 Trials). Zetan has Cord sit, and drink tea. Cord asks, "When do we fight?" Zetan says, "About what?" ... "The Book." Zetan mocks all of those Seekers who come to read The Book. He invites Cord to just live there, in the monastery's perfect harmony. But Cord will not be deterred from his mission to become Enlightened. Cord again asks to see The Book. Zetan escorts him away, saying, they are on their way to perform the ceremony of "Your becoming the Keeper of The Book." ... What??? ... but Cord walks on. Zetan asks Cord to sit on the Seat of Knowledge (which fills Cord with the peaceful atmosphere of the monastery). Then, Zetan tries to convince Cord to take over Zetan's job, of being the Keeper of The Book. Cord refuses, and asks for The Book. It is brought to him, and is lovingly held by one of the Near Ones. Cord opens The Book. Page one appears, Cord is surprised and confused. ... Page 2 is confusing. Page 3, a knowing smile appears. Page 4, the power of Enlightenment hits. Cord closes The Book. All 4 "pages" are mirrors. All that Cord could see in each page was his own face. Cord now knows the secret to Enlightenment: It is all within Cord himself -- look within yourself, deeply into your soul (where all your pure thoughts and desires live), and that continuing to hold onto that deep look will bring forth Enlightened thoughts, one after another. Cord asks what happens to people who have read The Book. Zetan says that some of them become teachers, and provide the 3 Trials that Seekers must overcome. Cord says, "And one of them plays a flute that only I can hear" (his Guide). Cord laughs with his realization. Zetan again asks Cord to become the Keeper of The Book. Cord laughs. Zetan begs him to become the Keeper. Cord laughs more. Comment: All these many years, Zetan himself has been afraid to look into The Book. Good grief, for all these years, Zetan has failed to complete his journey. Zetan stopped just inches from success ... and instead, Zetan has to witness Seeker after Seeker who WILL look into The Book. Then, add to this, that he can't find anyone to take over his job commitment as the Keeper of The Book. But, Zetan is just another person who has turned away from his Goal, and who has lived to regret it. What they say (in almost any religion) is, don't start on a deep spiritual path half-heartedly, because stopping that journey before you finish it, may later leave you worse off than if you hadn't started it at all. Cord follows the music to his Spiritual Guide, who looks at him and says: "You've looked at The Book, Cord." ... "Yes." ... "And what did you see?" ... "Everything." ... Wow! Cord is in the club of Enlightened beings. They excitedly hug each other. Then, he hands his flute over to Cord, and Cord begins to play music (a different song), while his Guide dances. The journey ends. The new journey begins. The credits roll. Afterthoughts. Cord did not play by the Rules (of the Contest at the monastery). This very act of not blindly following Rules is the need of a Seeker, in order to find personal Enlightenment. These rule-followers are the many Seekers who die along the Way, or just get distracted from their Goal. So, it is important to follow the Rules most of your life. But, when the time comes to seek Enlightenment, rules just get in the way of progress toward your Goal. Enlightenment requires a different view of Life and events. Keep focused on the Goal, but be open to making all of the changes (in attitude and perspective) that you need to continue to go along your journey in order to achieve that Goal.
tt0070068
Comedy,Romance
40 carats is a diamond in the rough .... which centers around a 40's woman who goes on vacation in Greece finds love with a much younger man then abandons him to go back to her life in New York. However, she quickly finds out that her daughter is dating the same guy she left in Greece making for some awkward humorous and embarrassing moments . 40 Carats is not ha ha funny but the subtle adult humor in which it was handled makes it very funny. By todays standard, ullman would have just been passed of as silly sex starved cougar and the young male( albert) a stupid eye candy figure head. But 40 carats doesn't insult the audiences intelligence which would have been easy to do at that time. Instead it takes an intelligent and often funny look into age, gender double standards that still exist to this day to some extent. Gene kelly is so- so as Ullman's ex but the chemistry between liv Ullman and Edward Albert is what stands out. If you are into witty comedies with a dramatic flair 40 Carrats is definitely for you
tt0068649
Comedy,Crime,Horror
Nancy Weston (Amy Farrell), a reporter for The Globe, a local Chicago newspaper, approaches Abraham Gentry (Frank Kress), an obnoxious, crack shot private investigator, on behalf of The Globe, which offers him $25,000 to investigate the brutal murder of stripper Suzie Cream Puff (Jackie Kroeger) who was brutally murdered in her dressing room at the nightclub where she performed. They sweeten the deal with a $25,000 bonus for solving the case. Of course this comes contingent that The Globe gets the exclusive story. Gentry takes the case and begins the investigation of the murder with Weston in tow. At the strip club, Gentry encounters a waitress, named Marlene (Hedda Lubin), whose obnoxiousness rivals his. He neverless gets through to her so he can speak to another stripper and gets his first suspect whom is Joseph Carter, a local business man who frequented the club. Soon another stripper, named Candy Cane, gets murdered and Gentry expands his suspect list to Grout (Ray Sager), the club's bartender who turns out to be an unstable war veteran who took pride in crushing the heads of corpses he found when on the battlefields of Vietnam. Grout relieves tension by drawing faces on squashes and tomatoes then crushes them with his bare fists. Gentry also suspects the leader of a radical feminist group that riots in the strip club carrying banners with catchy phrases like "Lewd is Crude", "Quit with Tit", and "Women Right On!" That evening, the unseen killer strikes again by sneaking into another apartment and committing an over-the-top gory murder of another dancer, named Pickles, which included mutilating her buttocks with a meat tenderizer hammer and salt and peppering it. A badge with "Women Right On!" is found at the scene by the police which Gentry arrives shortly thereafter and thinks someone else might be doing the killing. The next day, Gentry buys Weston many drinks to keep her drunk and out of his way. During one of Nancy Weston's drunken episodes she admits that she's attracted to Gentry. Gentry ignores this and concentrates on the case. His investigation takes him to the owner of most of the strip clubs in town, Mr. Marzdone Mobilie (Henry Youngman). Gentry then coerces Mobilie into holding an amateur stripper contest with a $1,000 prize, which also works as the beginning of a plan for Gentry's trap. After having a few too many drinks, Gentry encourages Weston to perform the amateur stripper contest in which she goes all out by "taking it all off" and wins the $1,000 cash prize. Gentry accompanies Weston back to her apartment and lets her rest on her couch as he seemingly leaves. Soon, the killer arrives and Gentry, who anticipated that the killer would do just that, appears after hiding behind a door and takes off the killer's hood revealing Marlene. He also further reveals more when he pulls off her shirt revealing burn marks on her chest, literally obscuring her breasts. After a brief struggle, Marlene falls out a balcony window and lands on the street below where her head is crushed by an oncoming car. Gentry then reveals his case in a long monologue to Nancy Weston about following the clues which Gout told him earlier about Marlene being burned in a fire which her breasts were burned off. This drew the conclusion that she was killing all those strippers out of jealousy and hatred to their own beauty which Marlene's was now taken from her. Weston is somewhat angry that Gentry used her as bait to trap Marlene into revealing herself as the killer, but accepts for the risk was worth it. Gentry and Weston profess their love for each other as she tells him that the story will make a great contribution to the Globe and both of them get "down to business" (making out), before Gentry looks at the camera and tells the viewers that it's over and to leave them alone. The closing title card then appears reading: "We thankfully announce that this movie is over!"
tt0071200
Horror,Mystery
Millionaire Tom Newcliffe (Calvin Lockhart) invites a group of people to spend some time in his rural English mansion, along with his wife Caroline (Marlene Clark) where he reveals that one of them is a werewolf, and therefore must be killed. The group is composed of: Arthur Bennington (Charles Gray); a diplomat. Jan and Davina Gilmore (Michael Gambon and Ciaran Madden); a pianist and his ex-student, now wife. Paul Foote (Tom Chadbon); an artist recently released from prison. Prof. Lundgren (Peter Cushing); an archaeologist and a lycanthropy enthusiast. They all stay in the mansion where they are submitted to various tests to force them to transform into a werewolf. The entire house is under surveillance by CCTV cameras as well as motion sensors in the grounds around the mansion set up and overseen by Tom's associate Pavel (Anton Diffring), who doesn't believe in werewolves. The only way to determine the identity of the werewolf is submitting the one to the three nights of the full moon while the wolfsbane is mixed in the air. Tom makes them grab silver objects to provoke allergic reactions, but this proves unsuccessful. One night, while Tom makes a patrol around the mansion that picks up something moving, Pavel is killed by the werewolf, which makes Tom more and more obsessive in finding the werewolf, driving his wife crazy. Tom focuses his suspicions under Paul Foote, who reportedly was arrested because he has eaten human flesh. Foote denies he is the werewolf. The following night, Tom rents a helicopter and does an aerial patrol where he finds the four-legged werewolf running through the woods and he opens fire on it, but misses. Forcing the helicopter to land, the werewolf then attacks kills the helicopter's pilot. It then attacks and kills Caroline's dog, before making its way back to the mansion where it kills Arthur Bennington in his bed. (Note: The viewer is invited to unfold the mystery along with the characters. Near the ending, just before the final scenes, there's a 30 second break called "The Werewolf Break", where the audience is asked to guess who's the werewolf, based around the events of the movie.) Tom submits the remaining group to one final test: put a silver bullet in the mouth. He, however, is forced to take the test first to prove to to the rest of the group that he is not the werewolf. As Caroline puts the silver in her mouth, her hairy, clawed hand is shown and she immediately transforms into the werewolf. She (fully transformed) attacks Tom and he kills her by shooting her with a silver bullet, making him very distraught because Caroline was alongside him when the werewolf killed her dog. Prof. Lundgren deduces that she contracted the werewolf disease while taking care of her dog's wounds. Tom gets angry and promptly thinks Foote is the werewolf, but Foote is also found dead minutes later by the werewolf. To avenge his wife, he enters the woods surrounding the mansion to hunt the werewolf. He finds the beast and finally shoots and kills it. Once dead, the werewolf returns to it's human form and it is revealed to be Jan, the pianist. Tom returns to Prof. Lundgren and Davina, and he soon realizes he was bitten by the werewolf during the scuffle, thus making him the next victim. Not wanting to be another creature, Tom locks himself in the mansion where he goes to his study and shoots himself in the head with a silver bullet.
tt0075993
Drama
In a small Norwegian town, Catherine Stockmann, the wife of Dr. Thomas "Tom" Stockmann, prepares to entertain prominent members of the community, including the People's Daily Messenger newspaper editors, Hovstad and Billing. Tom returns home with his two young sons, Morten and Ejlif, as well as his friend, Captain Forster, who is included among the dinner guests. Before the event begins, Tom's brother, Peter Stockmann, arrives for a routine medical examination. As the town's judge and mayor, Peter also serves as chairman of Kirsten Springs, the community's new tourist destination and the foundation of its economy. Tom, who is the Springs' medical examiner, has recently conducted a study of the water and is awaiting its results; Peter is pleased to learn that Hovstad and Billing will publish Tom's findings before the summer season to promote tourism. Hovstad credits Tom with originating the plan to capitalize on the town's natural resources, but Peter claims that he alone had the wherewithal to establish the business and leaves the house in anger. As guests sit down to dinner, the Stockmann's eldest child, Petra, runs to the table with mail for her father. After reviewing the letter's report in his office, Tom returns to his family and friends with terrible news: Kirsten Springs is polluted with bacteria from a nearby tannery owned by his eccentric father-in-law, Morten Kiil. Before construction began, Tom warned that it was unsafe to build a pipeline so close to a mill that dumps waste into a nearby river, but Peter prioritized cost reduction and expediency. Although the town's water is now contaminated, Tom is convinced that conditions can change for the better with a new waterworks system. Placing the report and his article in an envelope, Tom has his maid, Randine, deliver the findings to Peter. Meanwhile, Hovstad and Billing insist on including the story in the following day's newspaper, even though the official report is in Peter's possession. Later that evening, Tom receives a reply from Peter, but tucks the report away before Catherine can see it. In the morning, her father, Morten Kiil, visits the Stockmann home, skeptical about Tom's findings. Later that day at a tavern, Tom meets Hovstad, who intends to portray the story as a scandal involving the town's corrupt bureaucrats. Just then, the People's Daily Messenger publisher, Mr. Aslaksen, joins the table and promises to galvanize the community with a public demonstration, but Hovstad suspects Peter Stockmann will try to cover up his brother's findings and turn the town against him. Upholding Peter's integrity, Tom gives Hovstad the report in good faith, promising that it is fit for print once he has discussed the data with his brother. Back at the Stockmann home, Peter antagonizes Tom and declares that the decontamination plan will cost 300,000 kroner. Peter appeals for Tom's "discretion" in revealing his findings, but Tom warns that the danger to human life could reach epic proportions if the truth is suppressed. He also reveals that Hovstad and Billing are preparing to print the report. Threatening Tom's career and family, Peter orders his brother to publicly denounce the article and endorse the Kirsten Springs board. Tom later visits the People's Daily Messenger and consents to the publication of his report. When he leaves, publisher Aslaksen suggests a moderate approach toward the article, since it could create a backlash against the newspaper. Shortly thereafter, Peter arrives at the office, claiming he will tax poor and middle-class townspeople to pay for the new waterworks, even though Kirsten Springs is a privately owned corporation. Peter claims that his brother fabricated the report to defy authority, and Aslaksen fears the town's economy will collapse under the new taxation. As Peter procures an alternate "report," the publisher agrees to cover up Tom's findings to save the town from financial ruin. Just then, Tom returns to the office and Peter hides to conceal his arrangement with the newspaper. When Tom sees his brother's walking stick, he realizes his allies have been swayed. He retrieves his report and insists on leading a town meeting the next day. By the time of the gathering, however, the townspeople have already been biased in favor of Peter's false report. The mayor declares that his brother is a threat to democracy, and promises that the springs will bring prosperity to rich and poor members of the community. When Peter argues that his brother should not have the right to read his report, Aslaksen calls for a vote. Realizing the town has turned against him, Tom declines to present his data. Instead, he warns that democracy is not foolproof, since the decisions of the majority can ultimately be wrong. As the crowd responds with rage, Aslaksen reads a motion to proclaim Tom an "Enemy of the People." With the exception of Captain Forster, all citizens agree to deny the doctor's civil rights. Upon returning home in a snowstorm, the Stockmanns are greeted with stones thrown through their windows and an eviction notice. Tom plans to move his family to the U.S. on Forster's ship, but Catherine does not want to leave. Meanwhile, Petra is dismissed from school for being a "radical." Just then, Peter arrives with news that Tom has lost his job, but he can re-establish his career by retracting the report. Tom also learns that his father-in-law, Morten Kiil, has spent the day amassing Kirsten Springs stock for half its original value. Noting that Morten is capitalizing on the repercussions of Tom's report, Peter threatens to punish his brother as a conspirator, but Tom refuses to give in. Sometime later, Morten visits his son-in-law with a fist full of Kirsten Springs bonds. Reminding Tom that the Kiil family has owned the polluting tannery for generations, Morten declares that he used Catherine's inheritance to purchase Kirsten Springs shares. In Morten's blackmail scheme, Tom must accept the bonds to retain his family's wealth. In doing so, however, he will own an enormous stake in Kirsten Springs, and is therefore obligated to recant his report to protect his investment. As Morten leaves, Hovstad and Aslaksen arrive to suggest a new approach to the crisis. Since Morten bought the Kirsten Springs bonds in the Stockmann family name, the People's Daily Messenger can publish articles that convey Tom as a hero, showing townspeople that he purchased the stock to implement his changes. In return, Hovstad requests payment from Tom to cover the newspaper's financial loses. Realizing that the only way to clear his name is to become corrupt, Tom declares that the community is as poisoned as its water. After chasing Hovstad and Aslaksen from his home, Tom announces that the family will stay put and fight for the truth. While the Stockmanns cover their broken windows, a barrage of rocks are hurled through the windows of Tom's office.
tt0070444
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
In London, wealthy housewife Ellen Wheeler (Elizabeth Taylor) arrives home with new rose plants and is surprised when her usually reclusive neighbor, Mr. Appleby (Robert Lang), a gardening enthusiast, offers to plant them for her. Appleby adds that his father used to own the Wheelers' house, but now he can only afford to live in the garden flat next door. Later that evening, Ellen and her husband John (Laurence Harvey) dine with Ellen's longtime friend, Sarah Cooke (Billie Whitelaw), who is visiting the Wheelers before going to Scotland to begin a new job. That night, Ellen is wracked by a recurring dream of a car crash that killed her former husband Carl (Kevin Colson) during a rainstorm. Waking in alarm, Ellen goes downstairs as, outside, a thunderstorm rages. When John joins her later and makes concerned inquiries, Ellen asks if they can go away together. Guilty over his long hours as a stockbroker, John evades a direct answer, prompting Ellen to declare that she has lost something in their marriage that she wants back. After John returns upstairs, Ellen stares out the window at an old, abandoned, dilapidated house across the way and, during a lightning flash, screams in horror. Frightened, John rushes to his wife who has collapsed on the floor claiming that she has seen a man with his throat slashed slumped in a chair by the window in the abandoned house. John telephones the police who arrive quickly and search the old house while Ellen, who has been provided with a mild sedative by Sarah, undergoes questioning by Inspector Walker (Bill Dean). Walker's partner, Sergeant Norris (Michael Danvers-Walker) returns later to report that the house is exceedingly run down, but there is no sign of a body. Frustrated and angered by the men's doubt, Ellen insists that she saw a body. The next morning, Ellen views a new row of trees planted by Appleby in his garden and telephones Walker to suggest that the area is the perfect size to cover a body. Meanwhile, unknown to Ellen, Sarah has a rendezvous at a hotel with a man (who is not shown). Later, Walker grudgingly returns to the Wheelers' and questions Appleby, who admits that he planted the trees after the storm, which is an ideal time for planting, but protests the inspector's suggestion that he dig them up. After Walker departs without taking action, Ellen finds a pair of cuff-links and a lighter in her private desk drawer. At his office, John arrives back from his lunch break and after taking a phone call from a client over a latest stock investment, receives a call from Walker who reveals that Ellen has telephoned him numerous times regarding their investigation of the "murder." At home that evening, Ellen responds angrily when John recommends that she speak with his physician friend Tony. When John suggests that perhaps it would be best for Ellen to take a trip as she proposed, she reminds him that she wanted them to go away together. Ellen then shows John the cuff-links and lighter, which she says belonged to Carl and which she has not seen in years, and demands to know how they got in her private desk. Offended by her inference that he placed them there, John departs for his local pub for drinks. John meets Sarah on his way out and the two talk quietly, unaware that they are being observed by Ellen. Later that night, Sarah brings Ellen hot cocoa and the women discuss Ellen's frustration that no one will believe her about the body. When Ellen refuses the cocoa, Sarah goes to get her a sleeping pill as Ellen gazes out the window at the old house. Spotting a dim light moving behind the house's ramshackle shutters, Ellen calls Sarah, who confirms seeing the light. Ellen telephones Walker, whose men arrive at the old house as John returns home. Discovering Appleby inside the old house, Walker and Norris take him into custody. The next morning, after digging up the back garden, the police find no body, and are forced to release Appleby without making a charge. Privately, Walker tells John the "case" of the murder is officially closed and expresses his hope not to hear from Ellen again. That afternoon, John meets with Tony (Tony Britton), a therapist friend of his, to ask him to see Ellen, but Tony insists that she must be convinced to see him on her own. At the Wheelers' that evening, Sarah admits to seeing her longtime boyfriend Barry, but avoids answering Ellen's question of how Barry will handle her move to Glasgow. When Sarah jokingly says she would rather go somewhere exotic rather than Scotland, Ellen grows distressed. While Sarah and John privately discuss their concern about Ellen in the dining room, they are interrupted by her scream from the living room. There, Ellen declares she has just seen the body of a dead girl in the old house. Dismayed, John telephones Tony. Ellen agrees to speak with him the next day and, during their conversation describes the car accident that killed Carl and his young mistress, whom she never knew. Admitting it was the deepest betrayal of her life, Ellen points out that the unexpected appearance of her former husband's private articles suggests she is purposely being driven into emotional duress. When Tony advises her to leave the house immediately and go to a rest home in Switzerland, Ellen wearily acquiesces. After John refuses to contact Walker, Ellen secretly telephones the inspector to plead for an investigation of the old house. Falsely promising to do so, Walker also suggests Ellen contact the owners and reveals that the house was purchased six months earlier by a private company, named DIPCO. After Ellen has packed for her departure that evening for Switzerland, John presents her with numerous financial papers to sign. Dryly noting the speed with which John had the papers drawn up, Ellen nevertheless signs them then is startled to notice that one of the companies in which the Wheelers own joint shares is DIPCO. When she asks John about the company, John claims not to remember purchasing any stock from it. Sarah joins the couple, and abruptly Ellen declares that she has discovered Sarah is going to Bermuda, not Glasgow after finding a plane ticket while searching though Sarah's purse. Embarrassed, Sarah admits she gave up the job to go to Bermuda with Barry, of whom she believes Ellen does not approve. Unappeased, Ellen shrilly accuses Sarah and John of having an affair, revealing that she has had Sarah followed. Turning on her husband, Ellen shows him one of his keys, which says DIPCO, and insists that he purchased the house to torment her. Both John and Sarah deny they are involved and continue to insists that Ellen is just imagining things. When John refuses Ellen's challenge to test the key on the door of the old house, Ellen runs out into the storm to the decrepit house. Alarmed, John hurries after her as Sarah beseeches him not to go. After some moments, Sarah follows. One of the large knifes from the knife rack in the kitchen is seen missing from its place. In the darkened house, Sarah, John and Ellen roam around the abandoned building looking for each other before Ellen manages to find the second floor room where she claimed to have seen the body. John soon finds her and a struggle ensues in the darkened room. After hearing Ellen scream, Sarah ventures through the maze-like hallways and stairwells of the house where she enters the parlor room on the second floor. Sarah is shocked to find John in a chair facing the window with his throat cut. Moments later, Ellen emerges from the darkness and savagely attacks Sarah, whom she likens to Carl's young mistress years earlier, and brutally kills her too. Sometime later that evening, Ellen contentedly finishes packing, then telephones Walker to plead theatrically with him to investigate the old house after she leaves, as she knows there are two bodies there. Chuckling as she hangs up the receiver, Ellen is startled when Appleby steps out from the next room. Praising her performance with Walker and also her dedication in punishing her unfaithful husband, Appleby assures Ellen that the inspector will not believe him either if he were to report the murders. Smiling, Ellen asks Appleby if he would like to look after his former home in her absence and Appleby happily agrees. She then leaves, while Appleby stands alone in the living room and watches the old house through the window... with John and Sarah's bodies still there... implying that he will bury them in the garden now that the police will not bother coming back to search it again.
tt0068457
Drama,Horror,Thriller
In Vietnam, US soldier Andy Brooks is shot by a sniper and falls to the ground. As he begins to die, he hears his mother's voice calling out, "Andy, you'll come back, you've got to, you promised." The voice becomes sinister and muffled as Andy's eyes close. Sometime later, his family receives notice of his death in combat. Back home, Andy's father, Charles, and sister, Cathy, begin to grieve, but his mother, Christine, becomes irate and refuses to believe that Andy has died. Hours later, in the middle of the night, Andy arrives at the front door in full uniform and apparently unharmed; the family accepts the notice of his death as a clerical error and welcomes him back with joy. Over the next few days, Andy displays strange and erratic behavior, dressing in an unusually concealing matter and spending his days sitting around the house listless and anemic. Meanwhile, local police investigate the murder of a local trucker, who was found with his throat slashed and his body drained of blood after telling diner patrons that he'd picked up a hitchhiking soldier. Charles attempts to confront Christine about Andy's erratic behavior, which only leads to tension between the couple as Christine insists that Charles was too withholding and authoritarian a father and Charles telling Christine that she's made Andy too sensitive by smothering him. Andy continues to display unusual behavior, attacking a neighborhood boy who attempts to demonstrate his karate skills and then attacking the family dog when it tries to protect the child. At night, Andy becomes inexplicably lively and animated, wandering the town and spending time in the local cemetery. It ultimately becomes apparent that Andy has returned as some kind of vampire, and has been draining people's blood in order to reinvigorate himself, injecting it into his own decaying body with syringes. On a double date at the drive-in with his high school sweetheart Joanne along with his sister and best friend, Andy begins to die from a lack of blood and attacks first Joanne, then his friend. They are both killed during the attack. The other drive-in patrons witness the last attack and panic. This causes Andy to flee before he can infuse himself with his friend's blood. The police pursue Andy, the chase ultimately ending at the graveyard where Andy has been spending his free time. There they discover Andy, finally dead and reduced to a skeleton, lying in a shallow grave that he has been progressively digging for himself beneath a crudely fashioned tombstone. Christine, looking at her son's body, gravely tells the police "Some boys never come home."
tt0071788
Action,Drama,Romance
The film begins with the following written statement: "This story is true. Only the names and places have been changed." In 1954 Louisiana, Chris Dixon (Alan Vint) makes love to a prostitute when his brother, Wayne Dixon (Jesse Vint), interrupts to warn that three men, including the woman's pimp, are pursuing them. Chris quickly follows Wayne out the apartment window, clothes in hand, and the brothers run across town, stopping only for Chris to dress. Upon discovering their car has been towed, they walk through the night to an impound yard and spend most of their money to collect the vehicle. Back on the road, the brothers stop at a diner, but when two redneck police officers come in to eat, Wayne escapes through the bathroom window. After Chris pays for his meal, he jumps in the car and the brothers race off, stiffing the waitress for Wayne's bill. Although the police give chase, Wayne has rigged their vehicles with a chain and the officers are left immobilized. Further along the highway, the brothers pick up 20-year-old Jenny Scott (Cheryl Waters), who is hitchhiking in a ball gown. Chris tells Jenny that he was accused of assault with a deadly weapon, but the judge offered him a choice between jail and military service. When Chris selected the armed forces, Wayne re-enlisted so they could remain together. Wayne explains that they are on a road trip to enjoy their last two weeks of civilian life before they report for active duty in the Air Force. Meanwhile, Macon County Deputy Reed Morgan (Max Baer) buys a rifle for his ten year-old son, Luke, to celebrate the first day of hunting season. When Chris and Wayne's car breaks down at the local gas station, Hamp (Geoffrey Lewis), the owner, says the brothers need a fuel pump but refuses to take a credit card. Brandishing a rifle, the brothers attempt to trade the weapon for a pump, but Hamp says he doesn't need the gun. Instead, the men negotiate a $5 temporary fix and Hamp says it will keep them on the road until they reach a station that accepts credit cards. As Chris and Wayne wait for Hamp to service the car, Jenny changes in a "white only" restroom and Deputy Morgan pulls into the station for a beer. Outside, two outlaws, Lon Hawkins (Timothy Scott) and Elisha Gibbons (James Gammon), nervously eye Morgan as Hamp pumps their gas. However, Morgan is preoccupied with the brothers, who are clearly out-of-towners. After noticing their Illinois license plates and checking their identifications, Morgan hassles the young men, explaining that anyone carrying less than $10 is considered a vagrant. When Chris promises to leave town as soon as the car is repaired, Morgan drives away but reports the brothers' vehicle to the police dispatcher. That night, as the three companions wait for Hamp to finish the repairs, Chris and Jenny kiss. Elsewhere, Morgan picks Luke (Lief Garrett) up from military school and praises him for being ranked Lieutenant. The boy explains he cannot go hunting with his father because he promised to play ball with his friends, but Morgan is displeased when his son acknowledges his African American companions. Meanwhile, Lon and Elisha break into the Morgan home. As Lon takes Morgan's wife, Carol (Joan Blackman, into the bedroom to rape her, he sees the deputy's uniform and becomes agitated, remembering how he was once tortured by police officers. At the same time, Chris, Wayne and Jenny get back on the road, but the car breaks down in front of Morgan's house. While Wayne sleeps in the car, Chris and Jenny cuddle in the barn and make love in a water tank. When Lon and Elisha drive away, they are pulled over for broken taillights, but Lon shoots highway patrolman, Deputy D. Van, dead. Deputy Bill gives chase and collides with the outlaws' vehicle. At the police station, Deputy Bill pressures the men to sign confessions and shoots Lon in the hand when he refuses. Meanwhile, Morgan and Luke return home and when Luke discovers his mother's body, Morgan fires his rifle at the brothers' car. After calling the police dispatcher for an ambulance and alerting Deputy Bill to the crime, Morgan leads Luke on a chase through the woods, hunting Chris, Wayne and Jenny, determined to kill all of them. When Jenny is shot and falls into a lake, Wayne returns fire and yells to Morgan that they are innocent. Pulling Jenny out of the water, the three companions barricade themselves in a boathouse, but as Chris slips into a boat to get help, shots fire and he disappears. When Wayne and Jenny call to Chris, the boathouse is barraged with bullets and they are both killed. Pursuing the trail of his colleague, Deputy Bill finds Morgan's dead body and discovers Luke in the boathouse, repeatedly cocking his empty rifle having accidentally shot his father while shooting at Wayne and Jenny. Meanwhile, Chris resurfaces and sees Luke crying in Deputy Bill's arms. Sometime later, back at Hamp's service station, Chris's car is repaired. As somber townspeople look on, Chris drives into the distance. The film closes with the texts: "On March 26, 1961, after one retrial and two stays of execution, Lon Hawkins and Elisha Gibbons were executed in the electric chair for the murders of Deputy D. Van and Mrs. Carol Morgan." "Chris Dixon is now a Master Sergeant in the U.S. Air Force and is stationed in Hawaii with his wife and three children."
tt0066982
Horror,Thriller
In a horse-drawn carriage Hilda (Yvonne Mitchell) forces teenage girl Elizabeth (Gillian Hills) to have a drink. Elizabeth remembers back to running through the woods to a small hut where a young man Carl (Paul Jones) is chopping wood. He looks after her and sees her locket containing a picture of her brother. She goes on to remember the two of them in a rowing boat on a lake and sleeping and living together, but then she is kidnapped and taken away in the carriage. They arrive at Elizabeth's father's house, the widower Baron Zorn (Robert Hardy). Locked inside the house is Elizabeth's brother Emil (Shane Briant) but the Baron keeps them apart, explaining to Emil that they must do what he says until they are well again. A local peasant woman Magda (Deirdre Costello) is walking through the woods when she is attacked and strangled by an unseen assailant. From inside the house the Baron and his servant Klaus (Kenneth J. Warren) watch a bedraggled priest (Michael Hordern) walking out from the woods preaching to himself. In Elizabeth's bedroom, Hilda makes some incisions on Elizabeth's side and collects a glass of her blood. When she goes to Emil's room he is upset about what is happening to himself and Elizabeth but Hilda and the Baron convince him to be patient and to wait for Dr. Falkenberg (Patrick Magee). In their coach on their way to the Baron's that night, Dr. Falkenberg discusses demons of the mind with travelling companion Carl. The priest appears on the track in front of the carriage; the carriage nearly knocks him over but doesn't stop. However, it soon hits a log and crashes, injuring the driver and the horses escape. Through the window of a village tavern, Klaus sees the innkeeper in bed with village girl Inge (Virginia Wetherell). The horses from the carriage run up followed by Carl so Klaus hides. At first the innkeeper and the villagers are reluctant to go into the woods to help Carl because of superstitions about evil in the woods, but eventually they go watched secretly by Klaus. Klaus emerges when they have gone, kisses Inge and tells her they will need her soon. When Carl and the villagers reach the carriage, Falkenberg has disappeared. There is a scream from the woods and another local peasant woman is murdered. Falkenberg arrives at the Baron's house on foot. The Baron is upset that he didn't arrive earlier. The Baron and Klaus retrieve the body of the dead woman from the woods and the Baron dumps her body in the middle of a lake. Back at the house, Falkenberg sits the Baron in front of some apparatus he has brought, telling the Baron it will make him reveal his secrets and cleanse his mind from evil. The Baron reveals he has nightmares and violent sexual desires and that after he was married and his children were born, he became impotent and his wife went mad and committed suicide. Falkenberg says Zorn must be freed of the evil in his blood. Carl watches the villagers enact an ancient ritual to ward off death but Inge is frightened by the chanting. The priest arrives and one of the village women reveals her daughter is missing in the forest. The priest says there is evil in the forest but the villagers shun his words. At the Baron's house Emil finds a secret locked door between his room and Elizabeth's. He whispers to Elizabeth to take the keys from the sleeping Hilda and when she unlocks the door they embrace and kiss passionately. Before they can escape, Hilda wakens and shouts to alert Baron Zorn and Klaus so Emil and Elizabeth are recaptured. Meanwhile the villagers search the woods for the missing women. Carl arrives at the Baron's house and the Baron takes him to see Elizabeth. The Baron's explains his fears that Elizabeth will inherit the madness and sickness and Carl deduces that Elizabeth is being bled to keep her weak. Out of the Baron's earshot, Elizabeth whispers to Carl for help. Downstairs Carl confronts the Baron and Falkenberg, disagreeing with their approach to curing Elizabeth and discrediting Falkenberg's methods before leaving to go back to the village. However, the Baron insists Falkenberg continue with his cure. Hilda expresses her fears to the Baron that in-breeding has made the Zorn blood impure and that the pure village girls' blood should have been a help. Falkenberg explains to the Baron and Hilda that despite their best efforts to help, Elizabeth and Emil's attraction for each other is a result of their mother's death, and Elizabeth fell in love with Carl when she visited Falkenberg in Vienna, all of which is natural given they have been stifled of love and fed with fear. He says there is one extreme and dangerous method which may be the only way to save them. Klaus collects Inge from the village to take her to the Baron's. As Carl sees the priest trying to chop down a tree, the villagers arrive and talk of demons and superstitions, then they head towards the Baron's house which they consider to be the source of the evil. At the Baron's, Inge has some of her hair cut off by Hilda and is given a elegant dress to wear, being told that she is to act the part in a play with one of Falkenberg's patients. Zorn and Klaus see the villagers approaching the house but Inge is ready and Falkenberg says they should continue. They bring Emil to Inge telling him it is Elizabeth, given the similarity in looks between the two girls. Emil sees Inge as Elizabeth, however Inge runs off in fright chased by Emil into the woods. When Emil catches her and realises it is not Elizabeth he strangles her. Sleeping in her bedroom, Elizabeth feels the trauma. Emil runs off and Klaus collects Inge's body. Back at the house Falkenberg explains to the Baron that his dreams of blood and his guilt over his wife's suicide have influenced his children and they now share his fantasies. Klaus returns and says Emil is no longer at the place in the woods where Inge was killed. The Baron realises there must be no more bloodshed. Carl and the villagers watch the Baron dump Inge's body in the lake, giving them their proof that he is the evil one. Emil awakes in the woods and runs back to the house in fear for Elizabeth but Hilda stops him from seeing her. Realising he has blood on his hands, Emil grows more frantic about Elizabeth's safety, kills Hilda with her keys and breaks down Elizabeth's door. Carl arrives and sees Hilda's body and Emil attacks him but is stopped by Elizabeth before he can kill Carl. Falkenberg continues to implore upon the Baron that it is his entire fault that this has happened. Klaus tells them that Emil and Elizabeth have gone. The Baron loses control, slashes a painting of his wife, picks up a shotgun and shoots Falkenberg. He leaves the house in pursuit of Emil and Elizabeth. The villagers pull the bodies of the women from the lake. The priest appears with a burning cross and they march together to find the Baron, no longer afraid of demons in the woods. The baron pursues Emil and Elizabeth through the forest. He shoots Emil and kills him but as he aims at Elizabeth, Carl catches up with him and tries to wrestle the gun away but is overpowered by the Baron. The Baron aims again at Elizabeth but cannot bring himself to shoot. The villagers and priest arrive and overpower the Baron. The villagers hold him down while the priest chops off his hand and then drives the base of the burning cross through his heart. As the Baron dies, Elizabeth goes mad and attacks Carl scratching at his face.
tt0079219
Comedy,Crime,Drama
Joe (George Burns), Al (Art Carney), and Willie (Lee Strasberg) are three senior citizens who share a small apartment in Astoria, Queens, New York City. They are three retirees who live off monthly social security checks and spend their summer days sitting on a bench in a nearby park, reading newspapers, feeding pigeons, and fending off obnoxious children. It is a dull life, and finally Joe is driven to suggest something radical to break the monotony. After making their monthly visit to their bank to cash and/or deposit their social security checks, out of the blue Joe asks them: "why not go on a stick-up?" Bored by their daily routine, Joe argues that the crime is not as risky as they may think. In the unlikely event that they are arrested, room and board will be free in prison and their social security checks will accumulate until they are released; and if they succeed, they will have extra cash to enjoy, instead of sitting on a park bench all day. Al likes the idea, but Willie is more skeptical. As they discuss details, Al offers to investigate the gun collection of his nephew, Pete, while Joe proposes that they scout a bank to rob in New York City. Al surreptitiously borrows some pistols from the collection of his nephew, Pete (Charles Hallahan) who lives just a few miles away with his wife and three obnoxious children, and whom are having money problems themselves. Pete tells Al that he wants to open up his own furniture store, but the stress of paying for their mortgage as well as utility bills is getting to all of them. Al decides to himself that the bank robbery will help his nephew out financially. The next day, the three men take the subway into the city and, without much deliberation, decide to hold up the Union Marine Bank at 36th Street and Broadway. As they indulge in hot dogs from a street vendor and participate in a sidewalk drum performance, the men are rejuvenated by the scheme. Al is confident that he can obtain the guns that afternoon, so the ringleader, Joe, suggests robbing the bank the next day. While Joe and Willie purchase three pairs of Groucho Marx-style glasses as disguises, Al stops by Pete's house. As soon as his nephew leaves for work, Al sneaks into the basement and takes three pistols from the gun case, as well as an assortment of bullets. The next morning, after finally determining which bullets fit the pistols, the threesome take a bus to another neighborhood in Queens to conceal their point of origin. From there, they hail an unlicensed cab, which does not keep records of fares. For $30, the driver agrees to take them into Manhattan and to wait outside the bank while they "sign a will." Upon entering the bank in disguise, Al detains the security guard at gunpoint, as Joe orders the teller to hand over the money. When the bank manager does not take the elderly men seriously, Joe fires a bullet at the wall, causing everyone to take cover on the floor. After filling their satchel with cash, the friends dash back to the waiting cab, ask the driver to drop them at a subway station and return to Queens on the train. When they count the money at home, the total amounts to just over $35,000, and Al suggest they hide the loot in his old suitcase, stored at Pete's house. Later, as the three men sit on their regular park bench and overhear a report on the radio about the crime, Willie suffers a heart attack and dies. Sparing no expense, Joe makes funeral arrangements. During the memorial service, Joe and Al decide to give $25,000 of the heist money to Pete, who tirelessly works two jobs to support his family. Pete is speechless as Joe explains that he and Al inherited a $25,000 life insurance policy from Willie, but they have no need for the money. In exchange for the gift, Joe suggests that Pete give them $20 per week to supplement their fixed income. After the funeral, the two friends decide to spend some of their money on a spontaneous vacation to Las Vegas, Nevada. Without making reservations, they take a cab to Kennedy Airport, buy a ticket, and board their first plane flight. At a casino hotel that evening, they try their luck at the craps table. Al is not familiar with the game, but Joe instructs him to simply roll the dice while he places bets. To their surprise, they accumulate $73,000 in winnings by the end of the evening. However, Joe realizes that their gambling luck will make them a target for thieves, as well as more conspicuous to authorities, so he suggests they collect the cash and fly back to New York that night. Arriving at their apartment exhausted from the whirlwind excursion, they immediately fall asleep. When Joe wakes, he hears a report on the radio that the police anticipate a development in the "amateur" bank robbery case. Joe tries to wake Al with the news, but is distressed to find that his friend has passed away. A few hours later that evening, Joe arrives at Pete's house, carrying the bag of money, and takes Pete aside to divulge the bank robbery, the Vegas winnings and his uncle's death. He adds that the police appear to be closing in and asks Pete to help hide the approximately $107,000 in a safety deposit box. Tearful over his uncle's death, Pete agrees and promises not to inform the authorities. The next day, Joe shaves and dresses for Al's funeral, but as he leaves the apartment, two FBI agents handcuff him and take him away. During questioning, Joe refuses to reveal the location of the money. Sometime later, Pete visits Joe at the state prison and reminds him that if he does not give back the robbery cash, he will receive a harsher sentence. Joe says he does not mind, adding that Al and Willie would not want him to return the loot. Joe explains that it no longer matters to him if he remains in prison for the rest of his life. For several years, Joe already felt like he was in prison with living a dull life. Joe explains that he no longer has to cook and clean for himself in prison. He gets three square meals a day, and generally is getting "treated like a king around here." Joe tells Pete not to visit him again to avoid being suspected in his bank robbery plan, and to "enjoy his inheritance" of living off the bank robbery and Vegas money. In the final shot, as Joe is being escorted back to his cell by a guard, he looks mischievously at Pete and says with a wiry smile: "besides... no tin-horn joint like this could ever hold me!"
tt0080917
Comedy
A naive monk, named Brother Ambrose (Marty Feldman), is sent by the abbot on a mission to raise $5,000 in order to save their monastery from closing. He goes to Hollywood where he encounters a number of eccentric characters. He is at first robbed and later befriended by con artist Dr. Sebastian Melmoth (Peter Boyle), and meets a prostitute named Mary (Louise Lasser) who lets him stay at her apartment. Mary grows to care for Ambrose and seduces him while he is taking a cold shower to try to alleviate his lustful thoughts about her. While he is in Hollywood, he visits several churches including a service at the Church of Divine Profit, performed by the televangelist Armageddon T. Thunderbird (Andy Kaufman) in which he sees the focus of the sermon being a request for money in exchange for salvation. Ambrose is angered by this message and tries to meet a number of times with Thunderbird, being ejected each time. Dr. Melmoth and Ambrose travel the city in a modified schoolbus, in which they hold church services for donations. During one service, the brakes of the bus release and the bus rolls downhill into a river. The passengers escape safely in the river and are shown on the local news being baptized by the pair, which catches Thunderbird's attention. He prays to G. O. D. for guidance and it tells him to work with Ambrose to make more money because Ambrose is an innocent and has a clean image. Thunderbird has his minions kidnap Ambrose and bring him to his office where he outlines a plan for his own brand of church on wheels. He says he will pay Ambrose the $5,000 the monastery needs if he assists him. While they are talking, Thunderbird mentions that G. O. D. (Richard Pryor) audibly talks to him when he prays to him and Ambrose is surprised because he himself has never heard from God in this way. Ambrose agrees to work with Thunderbird and they go across the country from town to town holding services in their own bus. One day at Thunderbird's headquarters, Ambrose overhears Thunderbird praying to G. O. D. in his private chamber and when he hears G. O. D. speak back to him, he is intrigued. When Thunderbird leaves, he sneaks into the chamber and discovers that G. O. D. (General Organizational Directivatator) is a sophisticated master computer, linked to all of Thunderbird's finances and operations. He talks with G. O. D. and reads the Bible to it, giving it morality and a conscience. G. O. D. decides to give all of Thunderbird's money away and tells Ambrose what to do to accomplish this, which results in bags of money being poured out of the office's window. Thunderbird discovers someone has been interfering with the computer and rushes back to headquarters where he tries to capture Ambrose and destroys the computer. Ambrose grabs the paid monastery mortgage certificate from Thunderbird's office and escapes in a chase through the city. While Mary and Dr. Melmoth look for Ambrose during his escape, she learns that Melmoth is the father that left her family when she was a child, due to a distinctive tattoo she sees on his leg. They eventually find Ambrose and rescue him from the people chasing him. Ambrose goes back to the monastery and gives the abbot the mortgage certificate, then leaves and marries Mary, who is pregnant from their single night together. The end titles show Melmoth's bus traveling down the road, saying they "all lived happily hereafter".
tt0076028
Action,Crime,Drama
Picking up where Part 2: Walking Tall left off, this movie begins with Buford (Bo Svenson) remembering the ambush that killed his wife. One year has passed, and Buford still has a hard time dealing with it. He goes to his wife's grave and breaks down, telling her that if he had listened to her about not being sheriff, she would still be alive. Buford then goes to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation wanting to know why John Witter (Logan Ramsey) (the mobster who ordered the ambush) is not in jail. Buford is told that there is nothing that can be done since they have no case against him. Pinky Dobson is paralyzed and his girlfriend retracted her statement implicating Witter. Buford then goes to see his friend, attorney Lloyd Tatum (Sandy McPeak) and asks if this is the case. Lloyd tells Buford that it's just the way the law reads, and he will have to be patient and let the TBI do their job. Meanwhile, John Witter is now living in New York City, and tells his boss (Morgan Woodward) that he will settle things with Buford once and for all. The boss tells Witter that he should face the fact that Pusser beat him, and let it be at that. There isn't any prostitution, stills or gambling left in McNairy County, and the boss doesn't want back in. Witter is told that due to his mistakes, he must cede 25% of his territory, which Witter says he doesn't have to accept, but the boss tells him he will. Back in Tennessee, Buford and Grady (Bruce Glover) are staking out a still being run by O.Q. Teal (Clay Tanner) and his brother Udell (Michael Allen Honacker). Buford witnesses O.Q. beating his son Robby (David Adams), and intervenes. He takes Robby to the car and tells Grady to entertain him while he deals with O.Q. Buford orders O.Q. to drop his trousers and proceeds to give him the same kind of beating he gave his son. They then depart, blasting the still as they leave. Buford takes Robby to a foster home, and returns to the office to find a telephone message from Luan Paxton (Margaret Blye) a prostitute who helped Buford get rid of the state line gang. Buford arrives at the motel and upon seeing Luan, asks her if she is still hooking. He is surprised when she tells him that she is on her way to the gulf coast and works in real estate. Buford arrives at home and his father, Carl (Forrest Tucker) tells him that his tax situation is bad due to all the expenditures he incurred while sheriff. Buford says he will ask the county for a raise after reelection. Carl asks Buford if he really wants to remain sheriff despite all the pain it has caused, and Buford says its the only thing he knows how to do. Buford arrives at his office the next morning to find O.Q. Teal's lawyer, French (Taylor Lacher) waiting. French shows Buford the pictures taken of O.Q. after the beating that Buford inflicted on him. French wants Buford to drop the charges against O.Q. and in return he will not file police brutality charges. Buford declines to which French reminds him that the office of sheriff is up for election soon. Buford has a meeting with Sheriff Clegg (Lecile Harris) from Hardin County. Sheriff Clegg wants Buford to check out a new club called the 3 Deuces. The club is in an area that no county claims, and Buford is reluctant to involve himself, since he will be up for re-election soon, but reluctantly agrees. As they are talking, some boys steal Buford's car and go for a joy ride. Buford and Sheriff Clegg give chase, and finally catch them. Buford takes them into custody, handcuffs them to each other and has them clean up the courthouse lawn. French sees this, and confronts Buford about their civil rights. Buford says that the alternative, detention hall and a police record would be a lot worse. One of the witnesses watching the boys at the courthouse places a phone call to John Witter filling him in on everything that happened. Witter believes he can use this against Pusser on election day. Pusser goes to the 3 Deuces bar, and is surprised to see Luan there. Angry that she is still a prostitute, he offers her money, which Bulow (H.B. Haggerty) the bar manager sees. After Buford leaves, Bulow confronts Luan, and tortures her. Witter's boss is angry that Witter opened the 3 Deuces without his consent, and orders him to shut it down. With the election coming up, Lloyd tells Buford that French has mounted a good campaign against him, and that there will be a citizens meeting, and wants Buford to attend. Buford is reluctant believing that his presence will prevent people from speaking their minds. Buford finally concedes, and agrees to attend. As the meeting is set to begin, Buford gets a radio call from Sheriff Clegg that they have found a dead body, Buford departs before the meeting starts. Lloyd speaks on behalf of Buford, reminding the residents that Buford put his life on the line to make McNairy County safe. French then speaks, and says that the time is passed for the type of law enforcement that Buford administers. Buford arrives at the scene, and sees that the dead body is that of Luan. He angrily leaves for the 3 Deuces. Once there, he storms in, orders everyone to leave, and starts busting up the place. Milo and his thugs fight with Buford, and defeated, they leave. Buford then goes back to his car, gets a flare gun, and fires shots into the windows, proceeding to burn down the 3 Deuces. Election day comes, and the next day Buford is informed by his dad that he lost in his bid for reelection. John Witter returns home elated that Pusser lost the election, and is ready to do business again. He is told that it might be hard to do. Buford has lunch with his secretary Joan (Libby Boone) and tells her that he will run for reelection in two years. She asks him what he will do in the meantime, and he says he has applied for the highway patrol. Buford's parents are beginning to worry about Buford's situation, and their own finances since the lumber mill they owned is no longer in operation. A year or two later in 1970, Buford is now earning some money fixing up old cars and selling them. While in town, O.Q. Teal and his brother, now out of jail, see Buford's car and finding Buford's stick in the front seat, begin smashing it. Buford confronts O.Q. and his brother and knocks them out. The new sheriff (R.D. Smith) arrives, and believes Buford is causing trouble. Since no one is willing to witness the confrontation, Lloyd does, and presses charges against the Teals. The sheriff apologizes, but tells Buford not to cause any more trouble. Carl has a talk with Buford and says that he had to borrow money from Buford's brother to help pay their bills. Buford then goes to his wife's grave and says that he doesn't know that to do. Buford's daughter Dwana (Dawn Lyn) shows up and reassures him that everything will be alright. Another year later, Mel Bascum (John Malby), a movie producer, sees a news story about Buford, and is impressed at what he sees. He goes to Buford with a movie deal, which Buford is reluctant to sign since it will require filming the ambush that killed his wife. Buford seeks Lloyd for advice, and signs the deal, seeing that it will solve his financial situation. Buford acts as technical consultant and when the movie premiers in 1973, Buford is nervous. When the ambush scene comes near the end, he is overcome with emotion and walks out of the theater. Witter is angered at the publicity that the movie has generated, and his boss tells him to leave it alone. Buford purchases mini bikes for his children, much to his mother's (Lurene Tuttle) dismay. She asks him if he plans to spoil his children, and he replies "I hope so". Two years later, Buford has dinner with Joan, and tells her that he still plans to run for sheriff. He also tells her that he did a screen test in Hollywood, and will play himself in the next movie 'Part 2'. With part of the money he gets, Buford buys himself a new car (Corvette). The children are going to the state fair, and Buford has to meet with the movie execs. That same night Buford returns, and as he parks his car, he is seen by Johnny (Robert Phillips), one of the goons from the 3 Deuces. Buford enjoys the evening with his daughter, telling her "good times are just beginning". Dwana asks to ride home with her friend, to which Buford agrees. Meanwhile, Witter calls his boss saying he is ready to do business again. The Boss hangs up, and orders a hit on Witter. While driving home, Buford's car suddenly goes out of control and runs off the road and crashes, Buford being thrown clear. The car then bursts into flames. Minutes later, Dwana arrives at the scene and breaks down at the sight of her father laying dead beside the burning car. The movie closes with a shot of the marker at the actual site where Buford Pusser died. The true nature of his fatal car accident remains a mystery.
tt0080903
Drama,Romance,Thriller
Espionage drama adapted from a Graham Greene novel. The directors of the British foreign intelligence service MI6 have determined that a double agent in the organization is supplying information to the Soviets. Suspicion falls upon the southern Africa office, headed by Maurice Castle, a former field operative who is married to a black South African woman.
tt0075651
Horror
Dora (Daria Nicolodi), is a woman who has suffered a nervous breakdown following the death of her husband Carlo, a drug addict who abused her. Carlo died under mysterious circumstances; he apparently committed suicide by throwing himself off a boat while at sea. After an year-long extended stay in a sanatorium, Dora is released into the care of her new husband Bruno (John Steiner). Despite the bad memories connected to her old house, Bruno insists that they, together with Dora and Carlo's young son Marco (David Colin Jr.), settle down there until a more convenient location can be found. Dora reluctantly agrees, and soon after resettling down into their home, mysterious events begin to happen. Marco strikes up a conversation with a unnamed, imaginary friend possible the spirit of his dead father. Later that night, Marco spies on his parents having sex on a couch in the living room. This voyeuristic scene unhinges the boy as he hisses "Pigs! Pigs!" When Bruno, a commercial airline pilot, goes away on business with the TWA Airline, Dora is left alone for a whole week. One evening, Marco asks if he could sleep in the bed next to her and she agrees. As she sleeps, Marco crouches over her body, and begins caressing her. Hallucinated, his hand takes on a putrid, rotting appearance. The next morning, Dora finds a pair of her panties, ripped to shreds, in Marco's dresser, and later catches him spying on her as she showers. The boy's behavior becomes more and more aggressive when he starts jumping out at her from the shadows, further unsettling his already nervous mother. Another day later, Dora notices a photo of her and Bruno is missing. Marco is shown with the photo, playfully cutting their images out of the photo with scissors and decapitating them. When Bruno returns, a fearful Dora tells him about whats going on. Bruno insists that shes only imagining things, and begs her to calm down. When this fails, he administers her sleeping pills to help her sleep. Dora begins to suffer from terrible nightmares which includes ghastly visions of her dead husband. In an effort to clear things up, Dora takes Marco to a psychiatrist (Ivan Rassimov). The doctor tells Dora that, based on his conversations with the boy, she has been neglecting her son and he is simply seeking attention. Dora insists that Marco is lying. A little later at home, when Marco accuses her mother of murdering Carlo, she comes to believe that the child is possessed by the dead mans spirit. Dora confides her fears to Bruno, who promises to take her away from the house as soon as possible. That night, Dora is awakened by sounds coming from the basement. She goes to investigate and finds Bruno tearing down a brick wall in the basement with a pickax. When Bruno notices her, he tells her to return to bed, but she demands to know the truth about what's going on. Finally, Bruno tells her that she did indeed murder Carlo after he beat and raped her. But she defended herself by gaping a utility razor and slashing him to death, before lapsing into some kind of coma. As he is in love with her, Bruno covered up the crime by pushing the dead man's boat out to sea to make it appear that he committed suicide by drowning, and then walled up the mutilated body in a false basement wall. It is for this reason that Bruno insisted that they return to the house for rather than someone discovering the body, he planed to use the time to dispose of it. But Bruno fails to realize that, by this point, Dora is completely out of her mind. She goes berserk and axes him to death, pushing his body into the same niche that hides the remains of her first husband. Soon after, Dora is assailed by a series of macabre hallucinations throughout the house by Marco who is using the power of the vengeful spirit of Carlos to use against her. In one of them, Marco runs towards his mother, only to transform into the ghastly corpse of Carlos. Dora retreats back to the basement where after seeing all the furniture in the house move toward her, she slashes her own neck with the same utility razor, imagining that Carlo's hands are controlling the blade. The next morning, Marco enters the basement where he moves his dead mother into the niche in the basement wall where his dead father and stepfather are, and walls it up himself. Marco then goes outside where he enjoys a cup of tea on the front lawn of the house with his unseen friend.
tt0080116
Comedy,Mystery,Romance
The story starts in 1950's Nevada with 13  year old Wanda Nevada (Brooke Shields) primping in front of a barber shop mirror while her current companion, Slade (Larry Golden) is in a heated poker game in the back room with gambler and con man Beaudray Demerille (Peter Fonda). Slade runs out of money and uses Wanda as a marker. Demerille wins the hand, but Slade claims that he cheated and a confrontation results in which Slade is shot. Demerille grabs his winnings, including Wanda, and takes off in his Studebaker. Wanda reveals that she a runaway from an orphanage with dreams of being a country-western singer. Demerille tells her he will not let her go until she pays back the money she was the marker for. The two stop overnight at a cheap motel with a suspicious front desk clerk (Teri Shields), but Demerille keeps a respectful distance from Wanda, though he makes her sleep on floor. In the next town Demerille is trying to sucker gangster Ruby Muldoon (Luke Askew) during a pool match at the local saloon while Wanda and Ruby's sidekick, a shifty looking character named Strap (Ted Markland), look on. In the middle of the game an elderly prospector, Texas Curly (Paul Fix), wanders into the bar claiming he had found gold in the Grand Canyon. Everyone laughs at him till he pulls out a bag full of gold nuggets. Wanda is waiting outside the bar when she sees Texas Curly leave and the bag of nuggets fall out of his back pocket. She picks it up and is considering if she should return it to him when she hears Ruby and Strap leaving the bar and hides. She then sees them follow Texas Curly and murder him in an attempt to find the location of the gold mine. Strap and Ruby then see Wanda has observed the murder and give chase. Strap and Ruby try to overtake Demerille and Wanda in the Studebaker, but Demerille manages to shoot out a tire on Ruby's car sending it crashing into a roadside sign. An examination of the bag reveals not only nuggets, but a treasure map. Demerille takes Wanda to a store near the canyon where he trades his car for pack mules, clothes and equipment for an expedition to find the gold. During the trip down into the canyon the two meet an old prospector (Henry Fonda) going the other way who tells them "Everybody knows there no gold in the Grand Canyon" a running gag line that is repeated throughout the film. The two follow the map and run into a number of strange characters on the trip. The first is an English bird watcher named Bitterstix (Severn Darden) who takes an unhealthy interest in Wanda and is subsequently killed by the of ghost of an Apache Indian that guards the treasure. They also run into a lady landscape photographer (Fiona Lewis) who takes a romantic interest in Demerill making Wanda jealous. Finally, they also run into the Apache Ghost himself (Geno Silva). Demerill and Wanda eventually find the treasure and bag it, but return to their camp to find it in disarray, littered with Indian arrows and lances. Realizing that the ghost will not let them leave with the gold, they throw it over the cliff. The ghost has scared off their mules so they try to walk out of the canyon only to meet Ruby and Strap who have been trailing them. A gunfight erupts and Wanda and Demerill drive off Ruby and Strap. When they run into the gansters again they find them dead, crucified by the ghost. Demerill and Wanda head down to the river where they are lucky to find the gold they threw over the cliff and a half buried river boat. Digging out the boat they float down the river with the gold until they beach it for the night. As Wanda sleeps, Demerill is shot by the ghost with an arrow. He manages to push the boat out into the current, then collapses. Wanda awakens and sees Demerill laying apparently fatally wounded in the bottom of the boat. Thinking he is dying, he finally tells her he loves her, and she respondes the she loves him as he falls unconscious. In the next scene we see Wanda back in her dowdy orphanage dress sitting in a hotel room. An orphanage administrator and two nuns have come to collect her and take her back. She bolts from the room to the lobby were she is surrounded by reporters anxious to get the story on her escape from the Grand Canyon. As she answers their questions standing on the hotel porch, a brand-new convertible pulls up behind her driven by Demerill who has apparently recovered from the arrow wound, though he still sports a sling. Wanda leaps into the passenger seat. As they drive away a reporter asks Demerill about the treasure, to which he replies, "Everybody knows there no gold in the Grand Canyon!" As they drive down the road Demerill points to a box in the back seat tied with a bow. Wanda opens it and finds a fancy, new dress. She changes out of her orphanage uniform in the back seat, and then joins Demerill in the front. Together they drive into the sunset and the film ends.
tt0087718
Comedy,Romance
Dudley Moore and director Blake Edwards are reunited in this laugh-packed romp about a lovable bigamist. TV reporter Rob Salinger (Moore) longs for a baby. But his career-minded wife, Micki (Ann Reinking), is too busy for motherhood. A romantic fling with a seductive cellist, Maude (Amy Irving), leads to her pregnancy. Rob receives another shock when Micki announces that she's also expecting! In love with both women, he marries Maude and starts leading a double life full of complicated and riotous situations. MICKI & MAUDE reaches the heights of hilarity when both women are delivering babies in adjoining rooms while Moore serves double duty as the frantic father-to-be!
tt0084351
Crime,Drama,War
Opening in the year 1943, inside an American Catholic church, John Flaherty (Christopher Reeve) is ordained as a priest and is included among a group of young men who will soon depart to serve as Army chaplains in Europe during World War II. In his first act as a priest, Flaherty officiates a Catholic marriage ceremony for his childhood friend, Lodo Varese (Joe Cortese), and dances with the maid of honor (Ritza Brown). The bride's father (Joe Spinell), compliments Flaherty's devotion, but quietly disapproves of him socializing with any woman. Some months later, in the war-torn Italian countryside, Flaherty crawls toward dying soldier, Musso (Joe Pantoliano), and blesses his soul for passage into heaven. After the man dies, Flaherty shakily grabs a .50 caliber machine gun and shoots at an incoming line of enemy German soldiers, stopping the attack. Another few months later, Flaherty is informed that he has been summoned to Vatican City in Rome, Italy. There, he meets Bishop Walkman (Robert J. Prosky), the liaison officer between the Vatican and the U.S. Army, who cites Flaherty's college education in accounting and hires him to work as the Vatican's financial advisor. Walkman advises the young priest to use his charming personality to his advantage, but to keep his head down and follow orders. The next day, Flaherty meets with Cardinal Secretary Santoni (Fernando Rey). Santoni, who holds out his hand for Flaherty to kiss his ring. Flaherty shakes his hand instead, explaining that he is unworthy because he sinned while committing murder on the battlefield. Impressed with the young man, Santoni extends his hand again, and this time, Flaherty kisses the jeweled finger. Three months later, Flaherty has his own office and Bishop Walkman instructs him to stay at Vatican after the news of the war being over in May 1945 arrives in Rome. When a cleric announces that Varese has arrived at the Vatican, Flaherty embraces his friend, relieved to find him returned from the battlefield alive. Varese drives Flaherty in his jeep to an army storeroom containing piles of supplies, many from the Vatican commissary, and explains that he sells them in black market dealings with the local Mafia. Later, Flaherty convinces Santoni to ease the Vatican's debt by cheaply purchasing the Vatican's supplies from American commissaries and then selling them for profit. He claims that the donations will help the church while diverting money from Italy's criminals. Although Santoni worries that the arrangement could hurt the Church's image, Flaherty offers to take full responsibility, and Santoni grants him complete control of the commissary. After Santoni adorns Flaherty with a pectoral cross, Flaherty bounds out of the office and runs into Cardinal Vinci (Adolfo Celi), who congratulates the priest on his achievements but reminds him of the power of choice. In the supply room, Varese warns his friend that the Mafioso, Don Appolini (Jason Miller), is a dangerous man. Together, they travel to Appolini's home in Sicily, where Flaherty proposes to sell him the Vatican's unused American cigarettes. The Mafia boss, however, refuses to get involved in a scheme that steals from the church. After mass that afternoon, Appolini reconsiders the deal and offers to split the profits, with Varese heading the operation. Removing the crucifix pins from his army uniform, Flaherty urges Appolini to call him "Finnigan" for all business dealings, and receives a briefcase containing $50,000. On the rainy drive back from Appolini's house, the two friends pick up a French nun and her students. Flaherty takes a liking to a postulate named Clara (Genevive Bujold), and tells her his name is Lieutenant Finnigan. Once in Rome, he returns to the Vatican and presents Santoni with the cash. The following week, Flaherty, dressed in his military outfit, finds Clara wandering in the ruins of the Roman Forum, and arranges to meet with her in an ecclesiastical bookstore later that day. Meanwhile, a priest claims to have seen Flaherty consorting with Varese in the black market, and reports him to Vinci and Santoni. Santoni agrees to promote the cleric, putting him in a post that will keep him from investigating further. That evening, Flaherty brings Clara to the bedroom attached to Varese's supply room. Swallowing a glass of champagne, Flaherty kisses her; before they make love, she admits that she has been a postulate for two years because the sisters doubt her commitment. Later, Flaherty confesses his carnal sins to a cardinal, revealing his priesthood and his romantic feelings for Clara. Over dinner with Appolini, Flaherty proposes to use Appolini's Swiss bank account to open legitimate businesses that will covertly support the Vatican's finances after the war. One afternoon, on a rooftop terrace, Clara and Flaherty confess their love for one another, but Clara suspects that Flaherty is keeping his true identity hidden. While participating in a ceremony for the Pope (Leonardo Cimino), Clara catches sight of Flaherty in his clerical robes and they lock eyes across the chapel. After Flaherty is appointed as monsignor, she scorns him for his deception and proclaims she will never forgive him, and thus walks out on him forever. Varese and the heartbroken Flaherty drunkenly cavort with prostitutes when Appolini barges in and instructs Varese to clean up his act. Feeling as if he has lost his way, Flaherty gives his necklace to Father Francisco (Tomas Milian), but Francisco insists that God will never lose faith in him. The film skips forward several years later in the 1950s. Flaherty has become a cardinal, but under his alias Mr. Finnigan, he continues to do business deals when out of his red clerical robe. Varese conducts a multi-million dollar business deal that puts him under investigation by various international banks; the cardinals of the Church convene with the Pope to inform him that Varese has absconded $40 million in cash and lost $600 million of the Church's money. Revealing that they have been secretly monitoring Flaherty's corrupt business dealings for the past six months, the clergy decide to remove him from the papal committee. Flaherty meets with the Pope privately, requesting time to devise a plan that will save the Vatican's finances and reputation before leaving the Vatican and renouncing his collar. Flaherty meets with the terminally ill Appolini, who agrees to front the Church with enough money to cover their debts, but claims that Varese fled to New York City. Appolini swears on the cross that he will allow Varese to live, and Flaherty flies to the U.S. to find his friend. In an apartment in New York, Varese admits that he stole the money because he was tired of helping Appolini become rich, while receiving no share of the profits himself. To keep him from being arrested by the government and causing further scandal for the Vatican, Flaherty forces Varese to promise to seek refuge in a New York City monastery; however, after Flaherty leaves, Varese books a seat on a flight. On his way out of the apartment, the ailing Appolini arrives with three mobsters and kills him. In the final scene, after many months working in a quiet Italian monastery, Flaherty returns to the Vatican and is offered a position by Father Francisco, who draws him into an embrace.
tt0084691
Drama
After appearing in a television interview, little-known U.S. Congressional candidate Patrick Dalton (Dudley Moore) hurries to a campaign fundraiser being held at a secluded Los Angeles, California, estate. Tardy and unable to find his way, he stops to ask directions from a 12-year-old girl named Nicole "Niki" Dreyfus (Katherine Healy), walking along the road. When he introduces himself as a politician, Niki questions Patrick's English accent, but he explains that he is a naturalized American citizen. Before he continues on to the party, he hands the girl an invitation and encourages her to attend as his guest. Later, after Patrick's humorous speech, Nicole introduces him to her mother, Charlotte Dreyfus (Mary Tyler Moore), the wealthy owner of a successful cosmetics company. Although he is unaware of her importance, Charlotte distrustfully accuses the politician of building a friendship with Niki purely to benefit from her wealth and status. However, Niki remains impressed with his virtuous political beliefs, and says she hopes to see him again. After the party, Patrick flies home to his teenage son, Jeff (Bill Calvert), and anxious wife, Peg (Shannon Wilcox), in Sacramento, California. While home alone, Peg constantly worries that her good-natured and charming husband is having affairs with other women, but Patrick assures her of his fidelity. One day, at his campaign office in Los Angeles, Patrick receives a telephone call from Charlotte, requesting a meeting at her apartment above her Dreyfus Cosmetics factory. On his way upstairs, he passes Niki's private dance studio and sees her performing in a ballet class. Charlotte leads Patrick to her office and explains that she is willing to contribute to his campaign if he agrees to let Niki work as a personal volunteer. When Patrick interprets the deal as an offer to "babysit" the girl, Charlotte distressed reveals that her daughter "won't be getting any older," but refuses to say more. Troubled by Charlotte's remark, Patrick returns to the Dreyfus factory later that evening and finds Niki again practicing ballet. She explains that she plans to travel to New York City to fulfill her dream of seeing 'The Nutcracker' performed onstage. In order to gain Niki's trust and convince her to share her secret, Patrick regretfully admits that he once cheated on his wife. Niki reveals that she is in her third relapse of leukemia, but has decided to avoid suffering by discontinuing her painful treatment. Over the next few weeks, Niki works as a devoted campaign volunteer by making telephone calls in Patrick's office and attending various events. Sometime later, he learns that Charlotte donated large sums of money to his campaign and has agreed to throw him another fund raising party. That night, the candidate meets Charlotte and Niki for dinner and takes them to play games at a beachfront pier. After putting Niki to bed, Charlotte cries about her daughter's worsening illness and invites Patrick to sleep on the couch. In the morning, Patrick returns home and explains his relationship with the Dreyfuses to Peg, causing his wife to jealously believe that he is having an affair with Charlotte. Patrick continues to visit Niki and Charlotte, and one night, after a candlelit dinner, Niki cheekily suggests that Patrick and her mother make love. After Niki goes to bed, Charlotte admits that she does love Patrick, but insists that they resist physical temptation in order to keep an emotional distance between them. Niki's matchmaking scheme is interrupted, however, when Peg and Jeff unexpectedly arrive in Los Angeles to attend Patrick's fund raising party. As a result, Charlotte suggests Patrick spend time apart from her and Niki once he brings his family back home to Sacramento. Sometime after his return, Patrick telephones Charlotte and asks when he can see them again. Charlotte reveals that they have pushed their Christmas trip to New York City up a few days earlier, but insists Niki is still healthy. The night Charlotte and Niki leave for New York City, Patrick surprises them at the airport and announces is plans to accompany them for the weekend. While gleefully viewing the city sights together, Niki reveals that she missed her chance to audition for the lead role in The Nutcracker while working on Patrick's campaign. Later, she reads Patrick a list of things she has never done in her life, including riding in a horse-drawn hansom cab. After treating the girl to a ride around the city, Patrick fulfills Niki's wish of having a father by "marrying" Charlotte in a mock ceremony. In their hotel suite, Niki pours them champagne and leads them in vows uniting them as a family. The next morning, Patrick reveals that he used his political status to secure Niki an audition for the The Nutcracker with the New York Ballet. Impressed by her talent, the choreographer agrees to let the girl dance the lead role of "Clara" in the run-through of that evening's opening night show. While she rehearses, Charlotte and Patrick spend the day decorating a Christmas tree. Following Niki's triumphant performance later that night, they ride the subway back to the hotel, but Niki collapses and dies in Charlotte and Patrick's arms. In the hotel, Patrick reads Niki's last wishes from a letter written before her death, and Charlotte announces that she plans to spend some time in France while she grieves. At the airport, Charlotte touches Patrick's shoulder and hesitates to say goodbye, but walks away without saying a word.
tt0082508
Western,Drama
A recent widow (Ferrell) and her daughter travel to Wyoming in 1910, to work as housekeeper for a stern rancher (Torn). Once there she decides to try and homestead a piece of land of her own, but the year that follows is full of harsh weather and isolation. A moving drama about life on the frontier based on the real-life frontier diaries of Elinore Randall Stewart.
tt0084156
Documentary,Comedy
The opening scene shows footage of a man speaking to a crowd in a movie screening, urging them to be quiet during the film. A woman screams, and the audience evacuates the theater, running from a giant blob. As clips display crowds running away from monster attacks, Cheech Marin, Thomas Chong, Dan Aykroyd, John Candy, and Gilda Radner explain that the film will showcase "B-movies" from the early-mid twentieth century. In a segment titled, "Gilda Radner presents Gorillas," Radner barricades the entrances to her house after hearing a radio broadcast about a dangerous gorilla escaped from the zoo. Meanwhile, Radner provides commentary for footage from motion pictures featuring attacks from oversized primates. In "Dan Aykroyd presents Aliens," Akyroyd plays Colonel Dan Gaiman, the lone survivor of an alien attack on Earth in 2023. He speaks into a recording device, describing his annihilated surroundings for future generations. Aykroyd then provides voice-over commentary for clips from films displaying alien invasions. In "Cheech and Chong present Giants and Tiny People," the comedians enter a movie theater. Chong purchases snacks from the concession stand as Cheech enters the auditorium and watches clips from pictures featuring humans who have shrunken or grown to unnatural sizes. Chong arrives carrying a garbage receptacle full of popcorn. In "John Candy Presents... A Salute to Edward Wood Jr.," Candy makes mocking remarks about the production of the 1959 film, Plan Nine from Outer Space, and 1953's Glen or Glenda. Dan Aykroyd arrives on a motorcycle, and gives his sweater to Candy, re-enacting a scene from Glen or Glenda. Candy, wearing a skirt, gets into Akyroyd's sidecar, and they drive through the studio. A man's voice reads a message on the screen, warning the audience to refrain from public demonstrations of affection while in the theater. In "Gilda Radner presents Music Memories," a motion picture camera crew films Radner sitting at a piano, explaining her childhood ambition to star in a Hollywood musical. She introduces various clips from films featuring musical numbers. In a movie theater, John Candy speaks to the camera and introduces himself as the manager, explaining that he attempts to keep the venue clean and free of profanity. Various motion picture trailers preview "coming attractions," including The Hypnotic Eye, House on Haunted Hill, I Married a Monster from Outer Space, The Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living & Became Mixed-Up Zombies, Black Belt Jones, and Attack of the Killer Tomatoes. In "Dan Aykroyd presents Troubled Teenagers," Akyroyd plays a police patrolman prowling the halls of a high school, and introduces clips from movies featuring adolescents. From their seats in the darkened theater, Cheech and Chong introduce the segment, "Cheech and Chong present The Animal Kingdom Goes Berserk," commenting on features containing oversized, mutated praying mantises, dinosaurs, wasps, and spiders. In "John Candy presents Technical Triumphs," Candy walks through a studio prop house and introduces clips from films with poorly-executed costumes, stunts, and special effects. In "Dan Aykroyd presents The Brain," Aykroyd dresses as a brain surgeon, explaining quirky, less-conventional uses of the human brain. Footage displays scenes featuring levitating brains attacking humans, and doctors performing unusual transplant surgeries. In "Cheech and Chong present Getting High in the Movies," the two smoke marijuana and laugh at clips displaying motion picture characters getting high on illegal drugs. In "Gilda Radner presents Monsters," Radner, clad in a dress, stockings, and pigtails, uses her stuffed animals to re-enact scenes in monster movies that frightened her as a young girl. She provides voice-over narration for film clips of grotesque creatures and humans with deformed faces. Next, Radner stands with a suitcase on the curb at the Paramount studio lot. After Aykroyd and Candy ride by in their motorcycle, Cheech and Chong arrive in an ice cream truck, inviting Radner to join them as they drive away.
tt0088765
Comedy
Jeff and his fellow students struggle with general culture shock, trying to understand lectures in Spanish, an unsettling daily pledge of allegiance, and energy swings as they take amphetamines before exams. One day President Madera sends the students, despite their lack of credentials, on a mercy trip to an outlying village to examine and treat peasants who have previously only experienced a medicine man, however they are not allowed to bring along medicines. In the village, Jeff and his friends encounter a jail full of prisoners who suffer from STD's, then Jeff and a friend must ride a burro to unsucessfully minister to a dying man, whose enraged son promptly shoots Jeff in the foot. Back at school, Jeff, wearing crutches, wants to drop out of school and return to the U.S., but is talked into staying by a female American student, who develops a relationship with him. Jeff in a pinch, successfully delivers a local woman's baby. In one funny scene, a group of students remove a very stiff cadaver (for dissecting) from a morgue, and nervously try to walk it back to campus at night without being noticed. President Madera coincidentally decides he wants to marry Jeff's girlfriend, but, uninterested, she flees from Madera while at a fine restaurant. She steals boxes of various medicines and supplies from the school's locked cabinets, and she Jeff and the others deliver them in a taxi to the village, reopening their mercy clinic for a day. Madera is puzzled at the students' disappearance, and after he learns they have stolen the medical supplies, he orders the school closed down. Jeff's curious father arrives from the U.S. just as his son and Madera are having an armed standoff, then the father develops an illness which Jeff treats. The film ends happily with the school remaining open and the American students staying.
tt0088395
Comedy
Four friends from Penmore College, Carole Singer (Lorna Luft), Laurie Jameson (Lynn Holly-Johnson), Sandra Roxbury (Wendy Schaal), and Jennie Cooper (Lisa Hartman), plan to spend spring break in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. Carole wants to take a separate vacation from her long-time boyfriend Chip (Howard McGillin). Laurie hopes to have a fling with a handsome man. Sandra, the elitist of the group, would rather visit Bermuda than join the "debauchery" in Ft. Lauderdale, but agrees to go with her friends and introduce them to her famous cousin, Camden Roxbury III (Daniel McDonald), a successful composer who will be performing a benefit piano concert there. Although Jennie has a term paper due for her classical music major, she is a fan of Camden Roxbury and decides to go. On the drive there, the women pick up a good-looking hitchhiker named Scott Nash (Russell Todd), who is traveling to Ft. Lauderdale to promote his band, Scott Nash and the Ramblers. Arriving in the city, the group navigates through the young crowd swarming the streets as one of them puts it "a supermarket of sex". Scott thanks the women for the ride and gazes fondly at Jennie, before leaving to rendezvous with his band mates. Checking into a low-budget beachfront hotel, the four girl friends are appalled by the lack of amenities and filthy room, but try to make the best of it. Sandra leaves a message for her wealthy aunt, Barbara Roxbury (Louise Sorel), who lives on an estate in Fort Lauderdale. Barbara, meanwhile, is at the airport to pick up her famous son Camden, who reminds his mother that he will be returning to St. Tropez, France, as soon as the concert is over. On the beach, police officer Ernie Grasso (Asher Brauner) flirts with the four young women, and Sandra advises her friends to concentrate instead on dating bankers, doctors, and lawyers. That evening, the foursome plans to see Scott and his band play at the City Limits nightclub. Sandra invites Barbara and Camden to join them, but the pretentious composer complains about the crowded rock scene as soon as he arrives. When the four friends see Scott waiting tables instead of performing on stage, he explains that the club owner canceled his band's gig at the last minute. Scott is annoyed when Jennie is dismissive of him in front of Camden. As she discusses piano concertos with the composer, Camden is intrigued and invites Jennie to be his guest at the benefit concert. After Barbara and Camden make a brief appearance at the club and leave, the four friends are determined to have a good time and order more drinks. Jennie apologizes to Scott, and he offers to walk her back to the hotel after his shift. As the women become more intoxicated, Sandra jumps on a table and begins taking off her clothes to the applause of the crowd. Laurie pulls Sandra from the club, but on the way back to the hotel, Officer Grasso arrests the two for reckless driving and disorderly conduct. At sunrise, Jennie and Scott walk on the beach and enjoy a brief kiss before Jennie returns to her hotel. Soon, she discovers Laurie and Sandra need $200 to post bail. To raise the money, Jennie persuades Carole, a former ballet dancer, to enter a "Hot Bod" dance contest. Carole's boyfriend, Chip, who has arrived in Ft. Lauderdale to spy on her, is shocked to see her gyrating on stage in a swimsuit. Although she tries to explain about the bail money, Chip suggests they break up. Amidst the scantily clad girls wearing bikinis, Camden arrives dressed in monogrammed boating attire and invites Jennie and her friends to a cocktail party the following day. Jennie gladly accepts, making Scott jealous. Carole's second place raises only enough money to bail out one, so Sandra and Laurie flip a coin to decide who leaves jail. When Laurie wins and walks out, Officer Grasso is sympathetic and releases Sandra as well. He tells her to call him Ernie and asks her out for coffee. After spending the day with the police officer, Sandra returns to the hotel room and tells her friends she has fallen in love, but with a married man. While smoking marijuana in their room, the friends laugh hysterically as Sandra practices kissing by using an inflatable life-size male doll named "Dave." The next day, the friends attend the Roxbury cocktail party. Meanwhile, Laurie arrives for a date with a gorgeous man she has nicknamed "Conan," after seeing him on the beach in a leopard-print swimsuit. However, she storms out when she discovers he is a male prostitute. After Scott advertises the location of the Roxbury party throughout Ft. Lauderdale, young party-goers ambush the estate. Scott searches the house until he finds Jennie upstairs, sitting at the piano with Camden. As the composer plays one of his works-in-progress, Scott offers advice and Camden is impressed. However, the two men argue when Camden asks to be left alone to work on his music. Scott calls him rude for dismissing Jennie as if she was the hired help. Annoyed by the behavior of both suitors, Jennie leaves the party. Scott runs after her to declare that he cares more for her than the arrogant Camden. The following day, the four friends convene on the beach, and Sandra is pleased after spending a passionate night with Ernie, while Jennie appears unsure about Scott and Camden. At the benefit concert that night, Barbara proudly introduces her son. Instead of joining her friends in the audience, Sandra stays at the hotel, waiting for Ernie. When he does not call, she drives to his house and learns he has "temporarily" reconciled with his wife. She ends their affair and arrives at the concert teary-eyed. After playing one of his familiar piano pieces, Camden introduces a new composition, "Suite for Jennie." However, in the middle of the performance, Scott appears on stage playing a synthesizer and also dedicates a song to Jennie. He and his band drown out Camden and the composer realizes that he has no choice but to accompany them. As the audience gives the performance a standing ovation, Scott runs to Jennie and kisses her. After the concert, Chip reconciles with Carole, and Laurie surprises everyone by propositioning Camden. In the final scene, as the four women drive back to Penmore College the next day, they find Scott hitchhiking and bring him along.
tt0096340
Horror
While praying in St. Agnes church in New Orleans, Father Dennis is confronted by a demon taking the shape of a seductive woman. The woman tears his throat open, killing him. Several years later at a New Orleans hotel, Father Michael is called to talk to a man named Claude who is threatening to jump from the top floor of the building. When he offers Claude a cigarette, Michael is pulled out the window and falls to the ground. Inexplicably, he survives the fall without injury. After the incident, Michael is appointed to the St. Agnes parish by the Archbishop Mosely; the parish had been closed after Father Dennis's unsolved murder. Upon moving into the rectory, Michael is notified by Lieutenant Stern that another priest was murdered there before Father Dennis. Michael finds mention of Millie, a waitress at the Threshold, a local black magic performance art club, in Dennis's journal; Michael goes to visit her, but she is evasive. She later comes to the parish, claiming to Michael that she saw Father Dennis for confession before his death; during the confession, she admitted to giving her soul to Luke, the owner of the club, whom she claims is the Devil incarnate. Luke visits Michael shortly after, claiming that the Satanic shows put on at the club are only gimmicks, and that he does not actually believe in them; however, he says he's been recently experiencing supernatural phenomena and begs for Michael's help. Michael agrees to spend an evening in Luke's apartment, where he witnesses furious poltergeist activity. When Michael brings the information to Archbishop Mosely, he is informed that Father Dennis was approached by Millie and Luke in an identical manner before being murdered. Father Silva, an elderly blind demonologist, informs Michael he has been "chosen" to fight the devil, but Michael dismisses the notion. Millie is incarcerated in a psychiatric ward after attempting to kill Luke, and Michael goes to visit her. In a fit of madness, she claims Luke tried to rape her, and that Father Dennis has been talking to her. That night, Michael has a nightmare of the Demon, and receives a disturbing phone call from Father Dennis, who claims he is "waiting for him in hell." Millie arrives in the middle of the night begging for help, and Michael agrees to let her stay in the rectory. While cleaning the church with the housekeeper Teresa, Millie is fascinated by a statue of the Immaculate Heart of Mary, which Teresa tells her was salvaged from a church in a foreign country that burned down. Lieutenant Stern warns Archbishop Mosely that Michael is in danger, suspecting Millie was responsible for the previous murders of the St. Agnes priests; Mosely assures him that Michael is safe. Meanwhile, Millie discovers a book in which she reads of a demon known as the Unholy, which seeks to corrupt and then take pure souls. To prevent herself from being a target, she propositions Michael to take her virginity, which he refuses. Convinced Luke planted the book, Michael confronts him, but Luke denies it. The next day, Michael finds Luke's eviscerated corpse hanging above the church altar in the pose of the Cross of Saint Peter. Seated in a pew is Claude, who begs Michael's forgiveness for pulling him out the window. Suddenly, Claude begins to bleed profusely from his eyes and mouth, and bursts into flames at the foot of the Immaculate Heart of Mary statue; Luke's corpse also ignites. Michael meets with the Archbishop and Father Silva, who warns him that the Unholy will manifest to Michael between Ash Wednesday and Easter, when it will try to tempt and then kill him. In the church, Michael is confronted by the Unhholy (taking form as the woman), and she attempts to seduce him, but he denies her. The Unholy reveals its true form-a monstrous creature-and two mutant creatures crucify Michael. Millie enters the church and is confronted by the creature, but before it can harm her, Michael calls upon God for strength, and damns the Unholy to hell. He collapses, and when he awakens, is blind. As Millie walks him out of the church, the Immaculate Heart of Mary statue begins to weep tears of blood.
tt0076319
Comedy,Musical,Romance
Set in Vienna, Austria in the year 1900, the film opens with a staged musical number by the Quintet. Their vocalizing becomes an overture blending fragments of "Remember," "Soon," and "The Glamorous Life," leading into the first "Night Waltz". The other characters enter waltzing, each uncomfortable with their particular partner. As the stage fades away, the opening exterior scene shows the aging and severe Madame Armfeldt (Hermione Gingold) and her solemn 15-year-old granddaughter, Fredericka Armfeldt (Chloe Franks). Madame Armfeldt tells the child that the summer night "smiles" three times: first on the young, second on fools, and third on the old. Fredericka vows to watch the smiles occur. Frederick Egerman (Len Cariou) is a middle-aged successful lawyer. He has recently married an 18-year-old trophy wife, Anne (Lesley-Anne Down), a vain girl who is in love with Frederick, but too immature to grasp the concept of marriage. The two have been married for eleven months, but Anne still protects her virginity. Frederick laments his inability to make love to his wife ("Now"). Meanwhile, Frederick's son Erich (Christopher Guard), a year older than his stepmother, is feeling extremely frustrated. He is a seminary student and everyone is always teasing him, never taking him seriously or letting him talk ("Later"). Anne is intrigued by him, but fails to understand his real meaning. Anne promises her husband that she will consent to have sex shortly ("Soon"). Anne's maidservant Petra (Lesley Dunlop), an experienced and forthright girl, slightly older than the teen herself, offers her worldly but crass advice. Elsewhere, Desiree Armfeldt (Elizabeth Taylor) is a prominent and glamorous actress who is now reduced to touring in small towns. Madame Armfeldt, Desiree's mother, has taken over the care of Desiree's daughter Fredericka. Fredericka misses her mother, but Desiree continually puts off going to see her, preferring, somewhat ironically, "The Glamorous Life". She is performing near Frederick's home, and he brings Anne to see the play. While there, Desiree notices Frederick; the two were lovers years before. Anne, suspicious and annoyed because of Desiree's amorous glances, demands that Frederick bring her home immediately. Meanwhile, Petra has been trying to seduce Erich. That night, as Frederick remembers his past with Desiree, he sneaks out to see her; the two share a happy but strained reunion, as they "Remember". They reflect on their new lives, and Frederick tries to explain how much he loves Anne ("You Must Meet My Wife"). Desiree responds sarcastically, boasting of her own adultery, as she has been seeing the married dragoon, Count Carl-Magnus Mittelheim (Laurence Guittard). Upon learning that Frederick has gone for eleven months without sex, she agrees to accommodate him as a favor for an old friend. At the country house, Madame Armfeldt offers advice to young Fredricka. The elderly woman reflects poignantly on her own checkered past, and wonders what happened to her refined "Liaisons". Back in Desiree's apartment, Count Carl-Magnus Mittelheim pays an unannounced arrival in his typical booming voice. Frederick and Desiree fool the gullible Count into believing that their disheveled appearance was entirely innocent as Frederick is washing his clothes in the wash, but the Count is still suspicious. He instantly dislikes Frederick and returns to his wife, Countess Charlotte (Diana Rigg). Charlotte is quite aware of her husband's infidelity, but Carl-Magnus is too absorbed in his suspicions of Desiree to talk to her ("In Praise of Women"). When she persuades him to blurt out the whole story, a twist is revealed: Charlotte's little sister is a school friend of Anne's. Charlotte visits Anne, who is talking with Petra. Charlotte describes Frederick's meeting with Desiree; Anne reacts with shock and horror. The older woman explains to Anne that such is the lot of a wife, and that marriage brings pain ("Every Day A Little Death"). Meanwhile, Desiree asks Madame Armfeldt to host a party for Frederick, Anne, and Henrik. Though reluctant, Madame Armfeldt agrees. She sends out a personal invitation; its receipt sends the women into a frenzy ("A Weekend in the Country"). Anne does not want to accept the invitation, but Charlotte convinces her to do so to heighten the contrast between the older woman and the young teenager. Meanwhile, the Count has plans of his own as a birthday present to his wife, the pair will attend the party uninvited. Carl-Magnus plans to challenge Frederick to a duel, while Charlotte hopes to seduce the lawyer to make her husband jealous and end his philandering. The day of the party dawns. Armfeldt's country estate is bathed in the golden glow of perpetual summer sunset at this high latitude ("Night Waltz One and Two"). Everyone arrives, each carrying their own amorous purposes and desires; even Petra, who catches the eye of Armfeldt's fetching manservant, Frid. The women begin to act against each other. Frederick is astonished to learn the name of Desiree's daughter. Erich meets Fredericka, and confesses his deep love for Anne to her. Meanwhile, in the garden, Frederick and Carl-Magnus reflect on how difficult it is to be annoyed with Desiree, agreeing "It Would Have Been Wonderful" had she not been quite so wonderful. Dinner is served, and the characters' "Perpetual Anticipation" enlivens that meal. At dinner, Charlotte attempts to flirt with Frederick, while Anne and Desiree trade insults. Soon, everyone is shouting and scolding everyone else, except for Erich, who finally stands up for himself. He shrieks at them for being completely amoral, and flees the scene. Stunned, everyone reflects on the situation and wanders away. Fredericka tells Anne of Erich's secret love, and the two dash off searching for him. Meanwhile, Desiree meets Frederick in his room and asks if he still wants to be "rescued" from his life. Frederick answers honestly that he loves Desiree, but only as a dream. Hurt and bitter, Desiree can only reflect on the nature of her life ("Send in the Clowns"). Outside, Anne finds Erich, who is attempting to commit suicide. The clumsy boy cannot complete the task, and Anne tells him that she has feelings for him, too. The pair begins to kiss, which leads to Anne's first sexual encounter. Not far away, Frid sleeps in Petra's lap. The maid thinks of the joy and freedom that she longs for before becoming trapped in marriage ("The Miller's Son"). Erich and Anne, happy together, run away to start their new life. However, Carl-Magnus is enraged by this and attempts to shoot the lovers, but Desiree and Charlotte prevent him, while lamenting both the pains of marriage and the strange behavior of married people ("The World Won't End/Every Day a Little Death (reprise)"). Carl-Magnus calmed, Charlotte confesses her plan to Frederick, and the two commiserate on a bench. Carl-Magnus, preparing to romance Desiree, sees this and challenges Frederick to Russian Roulette, at which a nervous Frederick misfires and simply grazes his own ear. Victorious, Carl-Magnus begins to romance Charlotte, granting her wish at last. After the Count and Countess leave, Fredericka and Madame Armfeldt discuss the chaos of the recent turns-of-events. The elderly woman then asks Fredrika a surprising question: "What is it all for?" Fredrika thinks about this, and decides that it "must be worth it". Madame Armfeldt is surprised, ruefully noting that she rejected love for material wealth at Fredrika's age. She praises her granddaughter and remembers true love's fleeting nature. Frederick finally confesses his love for Desiree, acknowledges that Fredrika is his daughter, and the two promise to start a new life together ("Finale"). Armfeldt sits alone with Fredrika. Fredericka tells her grandmother that she has watched carefully, but still has not seen the night smile. Armfeldt laughs and points out that the night has indeed smiled twice: Erich and Anne, the young, and Desiree and Frederick, the fools. The whole cast then ends the film in the same stage setting which book-ends the film with all the happy couples, Erich and Anne, Count Carl and Charlotte, Frederick and Desiree, as well as the old Madame Armfeldt sitting alone and the girl Fredericka singing solo of the "night music" and what life has to offer.
tt0091767
Comedy
Inner city youths with dreams of something bigger. After graduating high school three best friends get the opportunity of a lifetime when they inherit an old run down hotel in the country. Upon arrival at the hotel the three friends, accompanied by a young and stunning Marisa Tomei, realize that the task at hand is going to be more of a challenge than any of them had expected. Presented with the problem of overcoming the hostility of a small town towards their project the young folks have to persevere and work hard to strive towards their dream of creating their very own rock and roll hotel. Along the way they befriend memorable characters such as Rockerfeller who guides them with his experience and wisdom. Eventually faced with impossible odds our friends are forced to take on a shady chemical company in the most important game of Christopher Columbus they would ever play in their lives. This game comes down to one thing and one thing only, Whose Playing For Keeps.
tt0076271
Horror,Sci-Fi
Robert "Rack" Hansen (William Shatner), a veterinarian in the rural town of Verde Valley, Arizona, receives an urgent call from a local farmer, Walter Colby (Woody Strode). Colby is upset because his prize calf has become sick for no apparent reason, and brings the animal to Hansen's laboratory. Hansen examines the calf, which dies shortly afterward. Hansen tells Colby he cannot explain what made the animal so ill so quickly, but takes samples of the calf's blood to a university lab in Flagstaff. A few days later, Diane Ashley (Tiffany Bolling), an arachnologist, arrives looking for Hansen. Ashley tells Hansen that the calf was killed by a massive dose of spider venom, which Hansen greets with skepticism. Undaunted, Ashley tells him the problem is serious and that she wishes to examine the animal's carcass and the area where it became sick. Hansen escorts Ashley to Colby's farm. Moments after they arrive, Colby's wife, Birch (Altovise Davis), discovers their dog is dead. Ashley performs a quick chemical test on the dog's carcass and concludes that like the calf, it died from a massive injection of spider venom. Hansen is incredulous, until Colby states that he recently found a massive "spider hill" on a back section of his farmland. He takes Hansen and Ashley to the hill, which is covered with tarantulas. Ashley theorizes that the tarantulas are converging together due to the heavy use of pesticides, which are eradicating their natural food supply. In order to survive, the spiders are joining forces to attack and eat larger animals. Hansen and Ashley return to the Colby farm. As the scientists and the Colbys are walking past a barn, a bull stampedes out; it is being attacked by tarantulas. Ashley notes that the spiders likely will not be afraid to attack people either. Colby douses the spider hill with gasoline and lights it on fire, seemingly destroying the spider menace. However, many of the spiders escape out of a tunnel. Colby is attacked in his truck the next day, sending it over the side of a hill and killing him. Hansen happens upon the accident scene and helps the sheriff, Gene Smith (David McLean), examine the wreckage. Colby's body is found encased in a cocoon of spider webs. Meanwhile, Ashley is notified by her colleagues that a sample of venom from one of the spiders is five times more toxic than normal. Hansen is then told by the sheriff that several more spider hills have been located on Colby's property. Hansen, Ashley and the sheriff examine the hills along with the mayor of Camp Verde (Roy Engel), who orders the sheriff to spray the hills and the surrounding countryside with a pesticide. Ashley protests, arguing that pesticide use is what caused the problem to begin with and that the town would be better off using birds and rats (tarantulas' enemies in nature) to eradicate them. The mayor dismisses the idea, fearing that having a large number of spiders and rats all over the countryside will scare away patrons of the annual county fair. A crop duster is enlisted to spray the pesticide. Once the pilot is airborne, he is attacked by tarantulas, and crashes the plane before he can disperse the spray. The spiders begin their assault on the local residents, killing Birch and Hansen's sister-in-law, Terri (Marcy Lafferty). Hansen arrives at their home and rescues Terri's daughter, Linda from the spiders. Hansen and Ashley take Linda to the Washburn Lodge. They consult with the sheriff, who tells them that the spiders are everywhere and Camp Verde is cut off from the outside world. Smith drives into town, while Hansen and the other survivors at the lodge plan to load up an RV and escape. However, the spiders trap them in the lodge, and they barricade themselves inside. Meanwhile, Smith arrives in Camp Verde and finds the town under siege by the spiders. Smith tries to escape, but is killed when another car crashes into a support post under the town's water tower, causing it to fall on his vehicle. Back at the lodge, the power goes out, and Hansen is forced to venture into the lodge's basement to change a blown fuse. He succeeds, but is besieged by spiders who break through one of the basement windows, by using their combined weight. He makes it upstairs just in time to be saved by Ashley. The film concludes the next day, with the survivors rigging up a radio receiver and listening for news of the attacks. To their surprise, the radio broadcast doesn't mention the attacks, indicating that the outside world is oblivious to what has happened. Hansen pries off the boards from one of the lodge's windows, and discovers that the entire building is encased in a giant web cocoon. The camera pulls back, and all of Camp Verde is encased in cocoons as well.
tt0085236
Drama,Romance,Thriller
During the rule of brutal right wing military juntas in Paraguay and Argentina, Dr. Eduardo Plarr, half-English and half-Paraguayan medical doctor, returns from Buenos Aires to work in the small town of Corrientes, Argentina, where he first arrived after his escape from Paraguay years earlier. One night, Eduardo befriends the alcoholic British Honorary Consul, Charley Fortnum, whose beautiful Argentinian wife, a former high-class prostitute named Clara, Eduardo seduces. This turns into a passionate affair and makes Carla realizes that while she does love her husband, who is rather affectionate towards her, she also enjoys Eduardo's raw sexuality and a more passionate form of affection that her husband can not offer, since alcoholism and depression basically killed all of his potency, sex appeal and passion for living. Eduardo also re-establishes old friendships with Argentinian junta's Colonel Perez and Leon, a former priest turned rebel leader, who also happens to be Eduardo's childhood friend from Paraguay turned makeshift rebel leader. All of this comes together to create a serious problem for Eduardo when he is asked to help the rebels kidnap the US Ambassador, who's coming to visit Corrientes and whose kidnapping might force the US to force the Paraguayan junta that's receiving financial aid from the US to release several key political prisoners, including Eduardo's father who may or may not still be alive. Eduardo helps the rebels by getting information about the ambassadors route from Charley, but the amateurish rebels kidnap Charley instead of the ambassador by mistake and hide near Corrientes, that happens to lie near the border between Paraguay and Argentina. Eduardo becomes conflicted over whether or not to help incompetent Charley, since the Consul is not really that bad of a guy and Eduardo really is his only chance, since even the British Ambassador himself had already given up on him by openly stating that Charley is simply too small of a fish for anyone from the UK government, let alone the US, to actually bother rescuing him. On the other hand, if Eduardo simply washes his hands from the whole affair as well and let the rebels kill him, he gets to stay with Carla, who after so many passionate trysts with Eduardo actually got pregnant by him, even though everyone, including Charley, believe that the child is in fact Charley's. The only one who knows better is Perez, who shows to Eduardo that he's deeply concerned by all this and warns Eduardo not to get involved or he will have to kill him. Perez also finally reveals to Eduardo that his father is long dead, killed by the Paraguayan military during his escape attempt. Meanwhile, the rebels shoot Charley during his escape attempt but only graze him. Eduardo arrives to check up on him and Charley discovers both that Eduardo was involved in his kidnapping and that he's not the father of Clara's child. Perez, who followed Charley, surrounds the house where Charley is kept and gives everyone inside a ten minute deadline to surrender. Eduardo makes peace with Charley and goes outside to negotiate with Perez. The soldiers immediately shoot Eduardo. Leon goes to help him only to get shot himself. In desperation, the rest of the group tries killing Charley, but Perez's men take them down. Charley is rescued, only to witness Perez personally shooting wounded Eduardo in the head, execution style, just like Eduardo's father was killed. Charley is safely returned home where he makes up with Carla, agrees to be the father of her child and they decide to name her and Eduardo's child Eduardo instead of Charley.
tt0078227
Comedy,Romance,Sport
The Miami Florida professional football team earns a playoff spot on a last-second pass play from running back Billy Clyde Puckett (Burt Reynolds) to receiver Marvin "Shake" Tiller (Kris Kristofferson). The team celebrates their victory in the locker room under the watchful eye of team owner "Big Ed" Bookman (Robert Prestman) and his business manager, Phillip Hooper (Richard Masur). The next day at the airport, Billy Clyde and Shake pick up their roommate, Big Ed's twice-divorced daughter, Barbara Jane Bookman (Jill Clayburgh), as she returns from a trip to Africa. Bud McNair (Jim McKrell), a book publisher whom Barbara Jane met on the plane, gets a ride into the city with the three friends. In the car, McNair expresses interest in a tell-all book by Billy Clyde, exposing the drugs, gambling, homosexuality, and orgies that he presumes to occur in the world of professional football. Back at the trio's penthouse apartment overlooking Biscayne Bay, Barbara Jane is appalled by the mess. Shake speaks in pseudo-profound language about photographs Barbara Jane took in Africa and Billy Clyde tells her that Shake "found" himself while she was away. At football practice, Barbara Jane gets a lecture from her father, who asks her to stop living with Billy Clyde and Shake because the team is now in the playoff spotlight. When she claims she is not sleeping with them, Big Ed responds that that makes the situation even more "unnatural." Shake explains to Barbara Jane that he attended a Bismark Energy Attack Training (B.E.A.T.) seminar and that it is helping him live in the present. When Billy Clyde asks where they want to go to dinner, Shake says that he is taking Barbara Jane to a consciousness seminar. Later, on the flight to Green Bay, Wisconsin, for the playoff game, Billy Clyde notices a new intimacy between Shake and Barbara Jane. At the hotel, Barbara Jane and Shake turn in early and Billy Clyde takes a middle-aged groupie back to his room. The next day, Miami defeats Green Bay, 7-0, to advance to the next round of the playoffs. Back in Miami, Billy Clyde claims he is going to write a book. During a barbecue for the team at Big Ed's mansion, Shake introduces Barbara Jane to Friedrich Bismark (Bert Convy), the leader of B.E.A.T. Later, lineman T. J. Lambert (Brian Dennehy) dangles a woman by her ankles from the roof and Shake, using his newfound inner peace, talks him out of dropping her. Impressed, Friedrich asks Shake to be a B.E.A.T. trainer when he retires. Billy Clyde announces that a writer needs solitude and retreats to the house, but he is unable to get any peace, even in the bathroom. First, Hooper wants to ensure that Billy Clyde is not writing anything unflattering about the team. Then, Shake and Barbara Jane inform Billy Clyde that they are getting married. Billy Clyde is not pleased and visits Big Ed's office, only to find the team owner crawling on his hands and knees, practicing something called "Moviegenics." He orders Billy Clyde to get "pelfed," a combination of deep tissue massage and psychological abuse administered by an older German woman named Clara Pelf. Afterward, Billy Clyde goes for drinks with Shake, who expresses concern that Barbara Jane is rushing into the wedding. While the men are fitted for tuxedos at a department store, Barbara Jane picks out a dress. Billy Clyde confides Shake's trepidation and Barbara Jane wonders why she and Billy Clyde never made love despite being friends since childhood. The team defeats Denver for the conference championship to advance to the Super Bowl. Back home, Barbara Jane is anxious about the wedding and Shake attempts to reassure her. Later, Shake takes her to the 48-hour B.E.A.T. training at a hotel and waits for her. Locked in a ballroom and forbidden to use the restroom, the seminar participants are verbally abused by Friedrich and told to "experience" one another. Barbara Jane is surprised to discover Billy Clyde among the attendees. The participants writhe on the floor and are instructed to let out their emotions. Two days later, they emerge, wrecked. Billy Clyde claims he got "it," the wisdom B.E.A.T. proponents allegedly achieve, while Barbara Jane remains dubious. Prior to the Super Bowl, Billy Clyde is interviewed by sportscaster Dick Schaap on television alongside Dreamer Tatum (Carl Weathers), the captain of the Dallas team. When Billy Clyde quotes Friedrich, Tatum says that B.E.A.T. is "out" and Pyramid Power is "in." Afterward, Barbara Jane worries that she did not get "it" at the seminar and Billy Clyde tells her not to worry. Barbara Jane is also concerned that their friendship will be different after her marriage. At the wedding rehearsal, teammate Puddin Patterson tells Billy Clyde that he knows he is faking his affinity for B.E.A.T., so Billy Clyde admits he has feelings for Barbara Jane and plans to break up the wedding. On Super Bowl Sunday, Miami plays poorly in the first half, but becomes energized when placekicker Vlada Kostov (Ron Silver) boots a 63-yard field goal kick and the team mounts a comeback. With three seconds left to play, Billy Clyde runs for a touchdown and Miami wins. Prior to the wedding, Friedrich counsels Shake that the marriage can still work even if Barbara Jane does not have "it." Billy Clyde lays on the B.E.A.T. terminology while planting doubt in Shake's mind. During the ceremony, Barbara Jane hesitates and Shake tells her he cannot marry her. Big Ed becomes enraged and threatens to trade Shake. When Friedrich says that everything will be all right, Big Ed punches him, and a brawl ensues. Meanwhile, Billy Clyde admits to Barbara Jane that he thinks Friedrich is a fraud and she realizes that he orchestrated the whole collapse of the wedding. Billy Clyde tells her he does not want to get married and suggests they go to Hawaii.
tt0087666
Comedy,Romance
Spoiled and wealthy Palmer Woodrow is given an ultimatum by his father. Either graduate from prep school or get a job. He doesn't want to do either. Street-smart Eddie Keaton is on the run because he owes a large sum to his bookie, Dice. His only friend is Nicky, a hot dog vendor. While running from Dice's henchmen, Eddie ends up on the grounds of an exclusive country club. He takes refuge in the locker room, where he overhears a conversation between Palmer and his geeky friend Rand. They are discussing whether Palmer should hire someone to impersonate him at Hoover Academy. Eddie volunteers his services and Palmer agrees to pay him $10,000 upon graduation, plus his red sports car. Rand also demands to be paid, as Eddie can't make it through the year without his help. Eddie's arrival at Hoover is a disaster. He wears the wrong clothing and alienates preppies Biff and Skip, who consequently have it in for him. Rand takes him shopping for preppy clothes and gives him tips on how to act. Eddie spots a pretty girl driving by and promptly falls in love. She turns out to be Tracey Hoover, great-granddaughter of the school's founder. At a dance, Eddie manages to take Tracey away from her date. He amazes the crowd with his break-dancing and stops Biff and Skip from bullying Rand. A few days later, Palmer's stuck-up girlfriend Muffy stops by looking for him. Eddie gives his name as Biff and makes up a lie about not being able to find Palmer. Muffy leaves after promising to return. Eddie performs poorly at sports and makes a friend of Coach Wordman, who offers him a beer and tells him to do the best he can. Meanwhile Dice, his henchmen, and Nicky show up at Hoover. Nicky apologetically shows his bandaged hand, indicating that he was forced to reveal Eddie's whereabouts. Dice informs Eddie that his debt is now $10,000, the same amount Palmer is paying him. To make sure he doesn't run away, Dice and the others will be staying nearby. Palmer unexpectedly shows up, bored with Europe. He moves into Eddie and Rand's dorm room and promises to take care of Muffy. On the night of a fundraising dinner, Dice and his Dicettes throw a party in Eddie and Rand's room. Things get out of hand and the potential investors withdraw their support. Mr. Harriman, the headmaster, is furious and threatens to expel Eddie unless his father comes in for a meeting. Since Mr. Woodrow is in Europe, Nicky takes his place. He promises to build the school a new library if Eddie is allowed to stay. Dices poses as Mr. Woodrow's financial adviser and creates a scheme to embezzle money from the school. Tracey invites Eddie to go horse riding. He has never been on a horse but does his best. Afterward they make love in the tack room. As time passes, Eddie turns into a snob. He brushes off Rand and Palmer and acts like he's better than they are. Then Muffy pays another visit to Hoover, even though Palmer broke up with her. She still believes Eddie is Biff, so he tries to keep her away from Tracey. But she sees them together and breaks up with Eddie. She won't see him or accept his phone calls. Accompanied by Rand and Palmer, Eddie hot-wires Biff's car and they drive to her home late one night. It is no use. She tells him that he has become someone she doesn't want to know. Eddie cannot get the car started again so he leaves it on the Hoovers' lawn and they walk back to campus. Biff is expelled for leaving the school after hours, even though he protests his innocence. At last it is graduation. Before the ceremony begins, Dice is accosted by a man claiming to be the Woodrow family chauffeur. Coach Wordman, posing as Palmer's father, orders Dice to leave the state or be arrested. He promises to "take care" of the student posing as his son. They are driven to the airport and Dice is given an airline ticket. Diplomas are awarded and Tracey observes Eddie giving his to Palmer in exchange for an envelope and a set of car keys. Then the Hoover prize for the most outstanding student is given to Eddie. At first he accepts the plaque, then decides to tell the truth. He confesses that he is Eddie Keaton and points out the real Palmer. He also admits that his "father" is really Nicky and the Woodrow business manager is a bookie. Pandemonium breaks out and Mr. Harriman faints. During the confusion, Eddie slips away. He meets Palmer, Muffy, and Rand outside. Tracey pushes through the crowd, calling Eddie by his real name. Just as he is leaving, she catches up and gets into the car with him. They kiss and drive away together.
tt0085919
Comedy,Drama
A down-on-her luck single mom gets a new lease on life when her long-lost father returns with some shady money with the hopes of spending some time with the grandson he's never met.
tt0075200
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
In this sequel to the 1959 film 'The Shaggy Dog' now set 17 years later, the adult Wilby Daniels (Dean Jones) is now a successful attorney who is married to Betty (Suzanne Pleshette), and they have a 10-year-old son named Brian (Shane Sinutko). Returning to the town of Medfield from a vacation, the family discovers that they have been robbed of almost all their possessions, and Wilby blames the corrupt local district attorney John Slade (Keenan Wynn), who is reputed to have connections with organized crime, particularly with warehouse owner Edward "Fast Eddie" Roshak (Vic Tayback). After being robbed a second time later that night (along with their Navy admiral neighbor, Gordon C. Brenner), Wilby vows to run for district attorney to make his town safe again. Meanwhile, the two thugs who had robbed the Daniels', Freddie (Richard Bakalyan) and Dip (Warren Berlinger) (at the behest of John Slade), observe the cursed Borgia ring at the local museum and assume it might fetch a large sum, so they steal it. The ugly ring with a scarab on it can only be pawned off to local bumbling ice cream salesman, Tim (Tim Conway), who is the owner of a large Old English Sheepdog named Elwood. Tim figures he will give the ring to his girlfriend Katrinka (Jo Anne Worley), a local roller derby star and pastry assistant. While dressing himself in preparation for a live television broadcast to announce his candidacy, Wilby hears a report of the Borgia ring being stolen. He freezes in terror, then reveals his former shape-shifting secret to his wife, who is certain his story cannot be true; he warns her that if the Latin inscription on the ring ("In canis corpore transmuto") [I transmute into the body of a dog] is spoken by anyone aloud he will turn into a shaggy dog. Soon afterward, Wilby is moments before his live television debut as Tim discovers the inscription on the ring and reads it aloud, causing his dog Elwood to disappear - only to reappear moments later as he takes over Wilbys body. Moments before the cameras roll, Brian notices that shaggy hair is growing all over his father, who reacts in horror as he realizes he is turning into a dog. He rushes from the house and cameras in his dog form and briefly confounds Tim, who cant understand why his dog Elwood suddenly can speak. After a few minutes spell wears off, and Wilby is now in his human form again and determined to find the ring as he faces the prospect of being a candidate in the public eye who never knows when he might turn into a dog. Soon, Wilbys fears come true as Katrinka receives the ring and once again the inscription is read, just as Wilby is giving a public address at a ladies garden club (the Daisies). Betty warns him of his shaggy condition a split-second before his canine form would become apparent to all gathered and creates a near riot while trying to escape. Once again, Tim finds Wilby in Elwoods form and is convinced that his talking dog could make millions; when Tim wanders off momentarily, Wilby returns to his human form, leaving a silent Elwood to confound Tim further. Meanwhile, Raymond, an agent (Dick Van Patten) of Wilbys rival, John Slade, gets suspicious and wonders why Wilby keeps disappearing. Desperate to find the ring, the hunt leads to Katrinka, who seems to have lost it in a vat of cherry pie filling intended for a John Slade fundraiser. Offering a reward to whoever finds the ring, Katrinka and her colleagues go into a mad dash to find it, eventually escalating into a large-scale pie fight. In the pandemonium, the ring once again finds itself in the hands of the local thugs who this time attempt to pass it off to an undercover police detective. Once again in the hands of the museum, the inscription is read aloud as a point of reference; in the middle of the police station, Wilby (who had arrived to confirm the ring had been recovered) finds himself turning into Elwood once again. This time, Slades agent puts two and two together when he overhears the museums curator explaining the rings reputed power and how his predecessor (from the first film) told him a story of a young man that turned into a sheepdog years ago. Slade is informed of this weakness in his rival, is dubious at first, and then invites Wilby to his office to test out the theory. Slade invites Wilby to his office and advises him to withdraw his campaign. Wilby refuses and tells Slade that when he is elected, he will have him investigated regarding his criminal connections. Slade then reveals he has his ring. With a reading of the inscription, Slade is thrilled to see Wilby Daniels turn into the shaggy dog right before his eyes and makes a call to the local pound. Wilby escapes hearing Slade repeat the inscription several times, which guarantees that the spell will not wear off, and he will be trapped in a dogs form for some time to come. Slade ignores warnings from Wilby that reciting the incantation too often could cause the spell to transfer to him and keeps reciting the incantation over and over. Wilby eventually disguises himself as a female roller-derby competitor to elude Slade, who as district attorney has the entire police force and animal control at his disposal. Eventually, Wilby is caught and taken to the local dog pound where he is able to understand the other dogs, who band together to help him escape by stealing the dog pound truck. With the help of Brian and Tim (who still thinks his dog Elwood can speak until Wilby tells him the truth about what really happened), Wilby gets evidence that John Slade is connected to organized crime as well as responsible for the break-in at his house to drive Wilby and his family out of town. Wilby and Tim trick Slade into showing up at Roshak's warehouse, and Wilby uses a tape recorder to collect information that confirms Slade's wrongdoings. With the help of his dog friends from the pound, he also manages to retrieve the ring from John Slade, who unfortunately has read the inscription aloud so many times that the curse has now passed onto him, causing him to transform into a bulldog. At the end, Wilby gets elected district attorney, Slade is supposedly jailed (although it is never actually revealed), and Tim gets engaged to Katrinka. Together, they adopt Wilbys dog friends from the pound.
tt0087835
Comedy,Fantasy
In 1960 New York City, Arthur Shelton (John Doolittle) prays at the bedside of his young son, Bobby, who is sick with scarlet fever. On the street outside the apartment building, God (George Burns), dressed as an elderly man in a baseball cap and gray sweatsuit, writes the boy's name on a notepad and promises to watch over him. 24 later in Los Angeles, California, the same Bobby Shelton (Ted Wass) is a struggling singer-songwriter married to Wendy (Roxanne Hart), a supportive wife and social worker. After another record company flatly rejects his latest composition, Bob by agrees to play a wedding for $500. Dejected, he tells himself he would "sell his soul to the devil" to be a success in the music business. The Devil (George Burns in a dual role), who is disguised as a cigar-smoking talent agent named Harry O. Tophet, receives Bobby's message while driving back from Miami after a personal assignment, and notices on his car computer that God "watched over" Bobby in 1960. The Devil, however, declares he has priority if a person directly asks for him. During the wedding reception, the Devil/Harry O. Tophet appears and gives Bobby his business card, promising to book him at venues such as Carnegie Hall and Madison Square Garden. Although Harry claims to represent "all the big names... sooner or later," Bobby is not familiar with the agent. Nevertheless, he is impressed when Harry orchestrates a series of pratfalls among the wedding guests. Meanwhile, rock star Billy Wayne (Robert Desiderio) panics when he realizes his seven-year contract with the Harry the Devil expires at midnight. At Astral Records, Bobby and his longtime talent agent, Charlie Gray (Eugene Roche), arrive for an appointment with executive, Gary Frantz (Ron Silver). As they wait in the reception room, Harry arrives and forces Bobby to decide between the two agents. Bobby takes a chance on the determined elderly man and fires Charlie. When Harry proposes a $3.5 million recording deal for Bobby, Frantz and his colleague laugh. At the same time, Harry hands Bobby a seven-year representation contract. When the young musician hesitates, Harry agrees to a trial period and extends the contract to 12 years. As soon as Bobby signs, Harry magically changes the name on the signature line to "Billy Wayne," and Frantz suddenly agrees to the million-dollar contract with the famous rock star. Although Bobby still feels like himself, everyone else now recognizes him as celebrity Billy Wayne. Meanwhile the real Billy Wayne has been transferred to Bobby's body, without any awareness of his former life. When Bobby telephones his wife to tell her the good news about the recording contract, he realizes another man has replaced him and that Wendy is also unaware of the switch. By now Bobby has surmised that his deal with Harry was a deal with the Devil, who reveals after the meeting that he lied about the trial period. During his first concert, Bobby is initially hesitant in front of screaming fans, but soon becomes more comfortable on stage. As the tour continues, he relishes the experience of being a rock star with a private plane, female groupies and magazine cover photos. Back in Los Angeles, however, Bobby arrives by helicopter at his hillside estate and is surprised that he still feels like his former self rather than a celebrity. He stops outside the loft apartment he shared with Wendy and appears regretful. Five months later, Harry visits Bobby again and mentions that God has become a bitter man, who rarely makes personal appearances on Earth. That night, Bobby is stunned to find out that Wendy is pregnant, but is relieved the child was conceived before the deal with the Devil was made. Desperate to return to his wife, Bobby begs to be released from his contract, but the Devil refuses. When he consults a Catholic priest and a Jewish rabbi about the unholy arrangement with Harry O. Tophet, the two religious leaders consider the musician mentally disturbed. On the street, Bobby encounters a sidewalk preacher who simply tells him to look for God in the desert. With a sudden urge to visit Las Vegas, Nevada, Bobby tells Gary Frantz to book performances at Caesars Palace. After the first show, Bobby asks the casino operator to page "the Lord" for him. When God telephones the musician's suite, he reassures Bobby and mentions that he has been watching over him since 1960. However, the Almighty does not offer immediate help and hangs up. Waiting in his dressing room before the next show, Bobby attempts to free himself from Billy Wayne's life by committing suicide. He swallows a handful of pills with liquor. Meanwhile in the casino, God and the Devil meet face-to-face for the first time and play poker together for the soul of Bobby Shelton. If the Devil wins, Bobby Shelton will die as Billy Wayne and be remembered with other fallen rock stars, such as Jim Morrison and Elvis Presley. During the play, God raises the stakes and wagers the millions of souls he is currently watching over. If he wins, the Devil will never be allowed to interfere in their lives, even if a person directly asks for him. The stakes are too risky for the Devil and he folds, conceding Bobby's soul. As God presents his weak card hand, the Devil realizes his opponent was bluffing. In the dressing room, Gary Frantz finds Billy Wayne's body unresponsive on the floor, while Bobby Shelton rises and slips out of the room. After a doctor declares Billy dead, Bobby finally feels released from the rock star's life. A wise-cracking, elderly God, who bears a strong resemblance to Harry the Devil, presents himself to Bobby and explains that he promised to look after Bobby when he had scarlet fever as child, adding that Arthur Shelton's prayer for his son was very convincing. God orders Bobby to go back to his wife. Unaware that her actual husband has been away for the past few months, Wendy welcomes Bobby home that evening. He tells her he has had a life-changing experience. Five years later, Bobby rushes to the bedside of his sick daughter and sings to her. Suddenly, Bobby hears the voice of God reassuring him.
tt0068416
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
In a park somewhere in London, England, Enrico (Fabio Testi) and Elizabeth (Cristina Galbo) are making out in a rowboat when Elizabeth sits up and thinks she sees a girl running along the shore. She interrupts the kissing session again when she sees a knife being swung. Enrico, thinking she just wants an excuse to stop, angrily rows the boat to shore. Enrico and Elizabeth leave, and a pen is dropped. Enrico, at home with his wife, Herta (Karin Baal), hears a radio report of a murdered girl. On his way to school where he works as a teacher, Enrico stops by the crime scene. Inspector Barth (Joachim Fuchsberger) is at the school with the headmaster Mr. Leach (Rainer Penkert) and some teachers with Enrico walks in late. Enrico leaves, passes by a classroom, and sees Elizabeth (she's a student). He goes to gym class and tells his students that their classmate Hilda has been killed. Later, Enrico asks Elizabeth what she saw then they were together. She says she saw a shadow like a man and "something funny". Enrico asks her not to go to the police, for fear that they will ask Elizabeth who she was with. At home, an irate Herta asks Enrico where he was that morning (he had lied by saying that his car and broken down). She shows him the front page of the newspaper, with a photograph of the crime scene and Enrico pictured in the background. Inspector Barth talks to Enrico and asks him how he found such a obscure local in such a short time. Barth is shown a pen that was found on the victim's dress, and he talks to Hilda's parents, who say that their daughter went to confession the afternoon she was killed. Enrico calls Elizabeth at home and gives her an address for a place to meet. She tells her uncle that she is going to study with Brenda. She rides her bicycle and is followed by someone in a car. Enrico lets Elizabeth into a small apartment and two lovers kiss. Someone calls from a pay phone and hangs up. Some time later, Enrico is back at home grading test papers, and Herta asks him if he had sex with Hilda. The inspector arrives at the front door, and he slyly places Enrico's pen on the table. Enrico sees it. Herta leaves the room, and Barth states his belief that Enrico was a witness. The teacher admits to being there with Elizabeth and says she claims to have seen the killer. Janet (Pilar Castel) is at home with the maid when a man, saying he is Helen's father, calls and says that Helen needs to borrow Janet's Italian book. As she goes to the car outside, tape is slapped over her mouth and she is driven away. Janet is dragged out of the car and stabbed to death. Elizabeth wakes up in bed, thinks back to Hilda running and calls Enrico. Elizabeth runs to her car when Enrico arrives and tells him she remembers that the killer wore a black habit, like a priest. The next day, Elizabeth tells Mr. Bascombe she knows something about Hilda's murder. He leads her to a room of teachers (including Enrico) where she tells of the priest-like pursuer. Afterwards, Enrico thanks the girl for leaving him out of the story. Later, the killer walks into Enrico's apartment and takes the needle off of the record that is playing. Elizabeth is attacked and drowned in the bathtub while taking a bath. Outside, a bearded man sees the killer run away. Enrico is arrested for Elizabeth's murder, and Barth interrogates the other teachers at the school. At the police station, Barth receives the autopsy report that hair was found under Elizabeth's fingernails which turned out to be dead hair. The report also says that Elizabeth was not sexually assaulted and was in fact a virgin. The bearded man is brought in for questioning and later looks at a line-up of priests and says that the man he saw running away from the building had a beard. Barth is told that, because of the dead hair, it was probably a false beard. Barth tells Herta that Enrico did not kill anyone and that Elizabeth was a virgin, and the teacher seems happy. Enrico says he wants to find out who killed Elizabeth, and Herta offers to help. In Herta's class, Barth asks the girls if they know a bearded priest. Brenda says that Janet confessed to a priest with a beard at Hilda's funeral. Herta talks to the girls and learns of a secret society. She tells Enrico about the society and says that Hilda and Janet once dated university students, and she has a name. Enrico goes to see Phillip and asks him about Hilda and Janet; he talks about the girls hanging out with him and his friends. He says that, after a while, they no longer had sex with boys after what happened to Solange, a girl who used to go to the school and has suddenly disappeared. At the funeral for Elizabeth and Janet, a man hands something to Helen, who passes it on to Brenda. Enrico talks to the two girls and asks about Solange, whom they claim not to know. Bascome wants Enrico about "prying" with the girls. Herta calls some schools and learns about one Solange that did not return. Brenda leaves a note in Henry's mail. The next day, Herta goes to the school and Enrico goes to the address where Solange once lived' the woman who answers the front door says she did not know the previous owners. Enrico picks up his mail and drops Brenda's note. The killer calls and suggests he take a vacation or he will not see "her" again. Enrico calls the rental agents, but the offices are closed. Downstairs, Enrico is handed the fallen note, with the name Ruth Holden written on it. Enrico goes to her place and finds a dead dog, a bloody shovel, and Ruth dead with a sickle in her neck. Herta asks Helen and Brenda if they know Ruth, but they respond negatively. The inspector stops them and says that Brenda's mother told him Ruth was the girl's maid. Brenda says she forgot the woman's real name. Enrico, lying in the sun with Herta, says he thinks that the killer dressed as a priest and confessed the girls. A taciturn, teenage girl (Camille Keaton) stands near the couple and runs away and a woman calls after her: "Solange!" The killer phones Brenda and tells her to go somewhere, and the cops (listening in) set up a trap for the killer at a carnival. Brenda sees Solange on the merry-go-round and takes the mute teenage girl away. A cop dressed as a priest loses sight of the two girls, and they are seen being driven away by another priest. Bascombe comes into the station and says that his daughter, Solenge, is gone, and he shows a picture of her (the same mute teenage girl). The inspector tells an inquisitive Enrico that Solange is sick in the head and has experienced "infantile regression" and thus cannot speak at all. Enrico, Barth, and Herta go to Bascombe's house and the inspector sees a green pin by a photograph of Solange. Solange is in the next room with a restrained Brenda, and the killer tells her to explain everything. Brenda recalls the girls going to see Ruth, and Elizabeth and Hilda trying to talk to Solange out of going in and letting "nature take its course". But the others lead her inside and hold her down as Ruth gets a needle and performs a painful abortion on the pregnant Solange. Enrico and Herta to go Janet's place, and Enrico looks for her Italian book. He returns to Bascomb's place with Barth and another officer. When the man does not respond, Enrico kicks the door open and shows a second form Italian book (Solange did not get that far in school). Solange is at the door, and Bascombe returns and hugs his daughter. The men talk to him, and Solange pulls Herta away and leads her to a priest's habit. Herta calls Barth, and he and the cops run into the corridor and find the still-living Brenda. In his office, Bascombe pulls out a gun and shoots himself. Barth tells of the girls society (signified by green pins), their sex parties, and Solange's traumatic abortion. Solange sees her dead father and cries.
tt0079013
Adventure,Romance,Thriller
In December 1958, former British military officer and counter-insurgency specialist, Major Robert Dapes (Sean Connery), arrives in Havana, Cuba, as a mercenary. He has been hired by General Bello (Martin Belsam) on behalf of the military dictator General Fulgencio Batista (Wolfe Morris) to help the Cuban army defeat Fidel Castro's rebellion. Arriving on the same flight is American investor, Larry Gutman (Jack Weston), who is met outside the terminal by elegant businesswoman, Alexandra Pulido (Brooke Adams). Passing by, Robert thinks he recognizes her as a former lover, but her chauffeured car drives away as he calls out to her. Captain Ramirez (Hector Elizondo), Robert's military escort, informs him that she is married to a member of Cuba's oldest and wealthiest families, the Pulidos. From the airport, Alexandra takes Gutman to the cigar factory she manages. In her absence, Juan Pulido (Chris Sarandon), Alexandra's philandering husband, is involved in a continuing his affair with factory worker Therese Mederos (Lonette McKee), and when Alexandra returns to the office, she notices a flirtatious exchange between them. While Juan escorts Gutman through the plant, Alexandra fires Therese. To impress Gutman, Juan shows him the scope of his family's business, encompassing tobacco, sugar, and rum, and then introduces him to his father, the tycoon Don Jose Pulido (Walter Gotell). Don Jose informs Gutman that his daughter-in-law Alexandra is the real executive of the cigar factory while his son Juan would rather be a playboy. When Alexandra announces that she dismissed Therese, Juan appears unconcerned and promises to refrain from dallying with the staff. Gutman then leaves and meets with British executive Donald Skinner (Denholm Elliott) who is looking for Gutman's representation to buy up more sugar field land in Cuba to open a sugar factory. Meanwhile, Ramirez takes Robert to a luxurious, modern hotel, but Robert chooses to stay in less conspicuous, modest accommodations at a local seedy hotel. After settling in, Robert meets with General Bello and emphasizes that strategy rather than weapons will subdue the rebels. As the general grants him exclusive security clearance, Robert warns Bello that Castro will be difficult to defeat if the people are on his side. While visiting a military barracks, Robert sees the woman from the airport again and realizes that she is "Alex." Robert interrupts her tennis game to say hello, but she discourages his greeting, stating that she is married now. During a reconnaissance patrol, Robert helps capture a rebel soldier as well as enemy documents. Despite this small gain, Ramirez tells Robert that he might have arrived too late to help the Cuban army win the larger battle. That evening, the rebels ambush a formal dinner party hosted by General Bello and kill several high-society guests. Robert and Ramirez arrive immediately after the shooting and assist the wounded until ambulances arrive. Elsewhere in the city, Julio Mederos (Danny De La Paz), an ambitious young teenage rebel fighter, prepares to kill Juan Pulido for betraying his sister, Therese, but she tries to dissuade her brother. Meanwhile, at the Flamingo nightclub during a Christmas Eve party, Alexandra is angry with Juan for assuming that she would share a table with Gutman's companion, a prostitute. When Robert arrives, she joins him at the bar, recalling fond memories of their passionate affair 15 years ago. Robert is about to warn her of the recent massacre, but is interrupted by Juan's appearance. As Alexandra introduces the two men, Robert notices Julio aiming a gun at them, reacts quickly, and they dodge the bullet. Ramirez runs after Julio, but is unable to catch him. After assisting the police investigation, Robert returns to the nightclub and finds Alexandra waiting for him. As dawn breaks, the former lovers stroll through Havana and reminisce. After sharing a kiss, they return to Robert's hotel room and make love. Meanwhile, Juan is busy carousing with Therese. Elsewhere in Havana, Castro's intelligence agent, Nunez (Roger Lloyd Pack), criticizes Julio for attempting an unnecessary assassination on Pulido. The agent tells the brash rebel that if he wants to kill, he should target someone more valuable and shows a photograph of Major Robert Dapes. That morning, Rivero Agero, a candidate backed by Batista, is announced as the new President of Cuba. At breakfast, Alexandra informs Robert that Agero was not elected by the Cuban people, but was chosen by Batista in a rigged election. Recognizing that Alexandra is unhappy in her marriage, Robert invites her to leave Cuba with him. However, she reminds Robert that she has responsibilities at the factory and that she enjoys her luxurious lifestyle. As their conversation turns into an argument, she leaves. Meanwhile, rebels call for a nationwide strike on the radio, in protest of the rigged election. At the Pulido cigar factory, Alexandra is unable to prevent workers from leaving as the streets of Havana fill with protesters. Elsewhere, Cuban army soldiers detain Julio, along with other bus passengers, at a military checkpoint. As Ramirez and Robert arrive at the same barrier, Julio withdraws his concealed gun and fires at the soldiers. During his escape, Julio aims at Robert, but he accidentally kills Ramirez instead. Robert then goes to the deserted cigar factory looking for Alexandra and finds Julio with a gun to her head. Threatening to kill Alexandra, Julio orders Robert to drive the three of them to Castro's camp where Julio hopes to prove his worth as a revolutionary by handing over valuable hostages. Along the way, Castro's guerrillas intercept the car. Alexandra and Robert are taken to a gasoline depot that has just been captured by the rebels and are detained with Cuban army soldiers. Unlike the thug Julio, Carrillo (Tony Mathews), one of the rebel leaders, does not want to kill the captives, but instead wants to convert them and win the revolution through strategy. When General Bello and his army counterattack to regain the depot using an armored train, Robert, now fully alienated with the government that hired him, tries to aide the rebels, realizing that the revolution is on the verge of toppling Batista's corrupt government. In a climatic gun battle, Robert commandeers a government tank and opens fire on the government troops. Gutman even joins in on the fighting by manning a heavy .50 caliber machine gun. Gutman shoots up at a twin-engine plane, thinking that it's a government bomber, but it is a charter flight piloted by Donald Skinner, who manages to fly the damaged plane away from Cuba to land safely in Miami, Florida. The end result of the battle is the rebels defeat the Cuban military and capture many government troops, including General Bello. Later on New Years Day, Robert drives Alexandra home and tells Juan that he is taking her away from Cuba now that Fidel Castro will becoming to power. However, Alexandra argues that she feels like a pawn between the two men, and declares that she wants to remain in Cuba, asking Robert to stay with her. Frustrated, Robert leaves to make arrangements for departure, hoping that Alexandra will change her mind and meet him at the airport. As Alexandra drives her sports car to escape, Juan continues to indulge and behave as if nothing will change, but the teenage rebel Julio sneaks onto the property and shoots him dead in the swimming pool. Later, at the airport, Robert, Gutman, and other foreigners, wait in the departure lounge for the last flights out of Cuba and watch as Batista and Don Jose Pulido easily flee the country on private planes. Before boarding, Robert leaves a ticket at the gate for Alexandra. She arrives in time, but instead of joining him, she watches as his plane prepares for departure. Tearful, she returns to Havana alone to face an unknown future without Robert and her late husband Juan. In the city, a large crowd of cheering Cubans welcome Castro to power. The film closes with the caption 'Cuba, 1959' as the end credits roll over the Cuban flag.
tt0092585
Action,Drama,Thriller
In Washington, D.C., after a six-week leave of absence, Secret Service agent Jay Killian (Charles Bronson) returns to work on the day of President Calvin Craig's (Charles Howerton) inauguration. Killian is assigned to protect First Lady Laramie "Lara" Royce Craig (Jill Ireland), whom the Secret Service has given the code name "One Momma." A brash and smart-mouthed feminist who intends to push her husband to support the Equal Rights Amendment, Lara is dismissive of Secret Service rules, saying that no one has ever tried to kill a president's wife. She takes an immediate dislike to Killian, who is offended that he was not assigned to protect the president. While Lara rides in the inaugural motorcade in a convertible, a police motorcycle riding alongside her explodes. Killian pulls Lara down to protect her, but she insists she is all right. Killian does not think the explosion was an accident and he reports that the cop on the motorcycle looked like terrorist Eddie "Reno" Bracken (Erik Stern). Secret Service agent Charlotte "Charlie" Chang (Jan Gan Boyd) comes to the rundown Hotel Farragut where Killian has been living since his divorce was finalized ten days ago. He tells Charlie that his ex-wife, Imogene, was sleeping with many senators and looted their joint bank account. Although Killian and Charlie have been having an affair, he initially resists her attempts at seduction. However, later, they make love at Charlie's apartment in the Watergate complex. The first lady requests Killian be replaced, but when she leaves the White House without prior clearance, Killian is the only one available to go after her. She boards a private plane at Andrews Air Force Base, heading to her father's estate in Newport Beach, California, where she intends to take his yacht to Catalina Island. The yacht is being scrubbed for barnacles and repainted, but one of the workers plants a plastic explosive on the bottom of the boat. The yacht explodes in Newport Beach Harbor, but Lara insists it was not an assassination attempt. Killian gets Lara back to Washington, D. C., where an investigation shows that one of the men who painted the yacht was Pritchard Young, a terrorist connected to Reno Bracken. The White House Chief of Staff, Senator Hector Bunsen (Michael Ansara), orders Killian to take a week off at the first lady's request, but Killian's boss, Fitzroy (Stephen Elliott), orders him back to work. Lara takes a helicopter to give a speech at Washington and Lee University in Lexington, Virginia, but Killian forces the aircraft to land in a field. He transfers the first lady to a motorcade, where he believes she will be safer. As the helicopter takes off from the field, someone launches a bazooka at it and shoots it down, killing the pilot. Killian chases after the shooter, who runs into a barn. Killian fires a bazooka at the barn, causing it to erupt into flames, but the shooter escapes on a motorcycle. Killian believes the shooter was Reno Bracken. Lara concedes that someone is attempting to assassinate her and thanks Killian. Later, Killian follows her to a museum to which she is donating her inaugural gown, but she changes clothes, puts on a wig, and leaves the museum unrecognized. Killian chases after her and catches up to her at a gas station. Lara asks him to help her find out who is behind the assassination attempts on her life and takes him to hide out at a local motel, explaining that she is trying to disappear until they can find whoever is trying to kill her. However, Pritchard Young (William Hayes) has been following them and fires a machine gun at her motel room. Killian gets Lara to safety, then they take a bus to Kokomo, Indiana, where they buy two used motorcycles. While riding across the country, Lara confesses to Killian that she and the president, Calvin Craig, have an "arrangement." They met in college in Berkeley, California, but he was injured while serving in the Air Force and is impotent. Lara believed in him, but knew a bachelor would not get far in politics. Thus, they put on a show of a great romance and eventually married. They agreed that once Craig was elected president, Lara could do as she pleased and discreetly divorce him. Killian points out that a divorcee would never stand a chance of being re-elected, but a widower would. He wonders if the president is behind the assassination attempts. On back roads, a pick-up truck follows them and opens fire. Killian and Lara escape from the truck and board a train. However, as the train lunges forward, Lara falls into Killian's lap. Although both are aroused, they argue. When they notice a helicopter following the train, they get off and hitchhike into a small town where they buy a used dune buggy. Lara confesses that she told her husband where they are, which convinces Killian that he is behind the assassination attempts. Meanwhile, in Washington D.C., Chief of Staff Hector Bunsen secretly meets with Reno Bracken, whom he paid $1 million to kill the first lady. Bunsen reprimands Bracken for not finishing the job. Killian and Lara arrive in Lake Tahoe, Nevada, at the lakefront estate of her father, movie director H. H. "Harry" Royce. A man riding a jet ski pulls a boat loaded with explosives toward the lake house, but Killian spots him, and gives chase on a speedboat. The man ditches the jet ski and runs through the woods. When Killian fires at him, the would-be assassin fires back and Killian pretends he is shot. As the man approaches, Killian shoots him in the face, and recognizes him as Bracken. Killian and the first lady return to Washington, where they have Hector Bunsen arrested. It is revealed that Bunsen acted to preserve his job security, knowing a widowed president stood a better chance of being reelected. Lara is upset when Killian announces he is retiring from the Secret Service and going to work for her father, Harry Royce, as a personal bodyguard. After he says goodbye to Lara, Killian leaves the White House where he runs into Charlie Chang outside. Charlie tells Killian that she is also retiring and plans to join Killian. Charlie suggests they get married, but Killian wants to take their relationship slowly.
tt0102690
Comedy,Horror
Maggie (Jill Schoelen) has nightmares about a man, and tells so to Suzanne, (Dee Wallace-Stone). She's preparing a script about a girl named Sarah, so she doesn't have time for Mark (Derek Rydall). Mr Davis (Tony Roberts) will find his students' film with three Z-series films with surprises. The students agree: Tina (Freddie Marie Simpson), wheelchair-bound Bud (Malcolm Danare), Leon (Elliot Hurst), Joanie (Ivette Soler), Cheryl (Kelly Jo Minter) and Toby (Tom Villard). The films will be broadcast at the Dreamland, an old theatre destroyed by the fire. Dr. Mnesyne (Ray Walston) will provide all the props During the preparations, they find Possession, a film about Lanyard Gates (Mat Falls), a crazy mad who recorded his attempt to sacrifice Sarah. Maggie will discover he was his father, and Suzanne saved herself and her from the fire. Suzanne goes to the theatre alone at night because of some threatening calls she's been lately suffering. Mark goes with Joy (Karen Witter) that night to the cinema, but seeks Maggie. Somebody has killed Mr Davis, with the mosquito model. Disguised as Mr Davis, that person kills Tina. Then, disguised as Tina, that person kills Bud. Disguised as Leon, that person kills Leon himself. That person confronts Maggie. Suzanne is alive, but can't move and has a gun in her hand. Maggie discovers Toby is the killer. He was disfigured at the fire, and wants to recreate Gates' sacrifice. Mark talks to Toby's landlord (Will Knickerbocker), and runs back to the theatre to save Maggie. Cheryl and Joanie throw Joy and a bearded guy (Scott Thompson) out of the theatre, because they have quarrelled with Mark. They lock the door, so Mark has to climb the faade to enter-. Toby represents the film Possession while broadcasting it. The audience laughs when Maggie says "it ain't a film". Mark saves her by killing Toby with the sharp-tongued mosquito model. Toby and Maggie kiss each other while giving their evidence to the police.
tt0142240
Animation,Action,Adventure
The evil Dr. Kochin has gathered the Dragon Balls in the Tsumnisumbri Mountains where the ice never melts. Using the Dragon Balls to summon Shenron, Dr. Kochin wishes for Dr. Wheelo and their laboratory to be thawed from the ice. In response, Gohan and Oolong use the Dragon Radar to track down the Dragon Balls, however are ambushed by the Bio-Men. Piccolo, who has been training in the area saves them, but is then incapacitated by three unknown fighters. Gohan and Oolong are knocked unconscious in the ambush and wake up later to return home after Gohan promises Oolong to keep their trip a secret. Dr. Kochin and his Bio-Men show up at the Kame House, requesting the presence of Master Roshi, who is with Bulma and Oolong. The Bio-Men demand that Roshi come with them, but he refuses, easily defeating the Bio-Men that attack him in response to his refusal. Dr. Kochin then appears, revealing that he is looking for the world's strongest fighter, and when the remaining Bio-Men threaten Bulma's life, Roshi reluctantly agrees to go with them. A terrified Oolong makes his way to Goku's house and tells him what happened. Goku sets off on the Flying Nimbus to rescue Roshi and Bulma. Meanwhile in Dr. Wheelo's laboratory, Roshi is tested to see if he is the strongest fighter by facing Dr. Kochin's three Bio-Warriors, Kishime, Misokatsun and Ebifurya. Roshi manages to put up a good fight, however is ultimately defeated. A restrained Bulma then informs Kochin that Roshi is no longer the strongest fighter anymore and says that she knows someone a lot stronger than him, alluding to Goku. Kochin finally reveals his plan for Wheelo's mind to take over the body of the strongest fighter and enact his plan for world domination. Gohan also sneaks out of the house against his mother's wishes and follows Goku, who arrives at Wheelo's fortress. He is attacked by the Bio-Warriors, who he manages to defeat with the help of Gohan and Krillin who arrive shortly after. Goku then confronts Dr. Wheelo, demanding that he release Bulma. Suddenly, Piccolo, who has been brainwashed by Wheelo appears and attacks Goku, engaging him in a fight. Gohan becomes enraged and unleashes massive amounts of power, destroying much of the laboratory, as well as the brainwashing device on Piccolo's head. A shocked Dr. Wheelo breaks out into his robot body free from the wall, causing Dr. Kochin to fall to his death down an energy shaft. Krillin frees Bulma, and the real battle begins. Dr. Wheelo engages Goku, Piccolo, Master Roshi, Gohan and Krillin, defeating them all. A weakened Goku powers up and fires a Kamehameha, blasting Wheelo into space. Goku then forms a Spirit Bomb, while the others distract Wheelo as he shoots ki blasts towards the Earth in an attempt to stop it. Goku unleashes the Spirit Bomb, defeating Dr. Wheelo who is completely destroyed.
tt0116275
Comedy,Drama
Fifty-something Arkansas redneck Earl Pilcher Jr., learning that his biological mother was black and that his half brother, Ray lives in Chicago, drives his pickup to the windy city to meet Ray. Ray, who knows something about Earl's birth and other family, is not pleased to see Earl. Ray blames Earl's white racist father for his mother's death, and he harbors the same hatred for Earl himself. After a brief and unpleasant encounter with Ray, Earl is about to head home when his pickup is carjacked and he gets a nasty head wound from the jackers. Ray, a Chicago cop, reluctantly brings Earl to his home from the hospital because the doctor says Earl needs to stay awake and be watched, and that he should not travel for several days. Ray makes up a story about Earl and he being Korean war comrades for his Auntie T., the sister of Earl's and Ray's mother, Willa Mae, who raised Ray after Willa Mae died giving birth to Earl. But Auntie T., who is blind, sees right through Ray's story and knows who Earl is. When Ray's son, Virgil, returns home from his job as a city transit bus driver and finds Earl sleeping on the couch where Virgil usually sleeps, he demands to know who this white man is and why he's there. Then Auntie T. intervenes and insists that Ray tell Virgil the truth. Overhearing the quarrel, Earl decides to leave and find a motel. Ray goes after him and the two argue, then wrestle and scuffle in a vacant lot. The tussle almost turns out all right until Earl says he's not afraid of tangling "with you or any other nigger on the street." Although he makes a half-hearted, lame apology immediately after saying it, Ray is furious and drives away, telling Earl, "If you need any more help, don't call me. I'm through helping you!" That night Earl, after getting drunk and being thrown out of a bar, sleeps under a bridge where a bunch of homeless people are camped. Ray, regretting leaving Earl, and urged by Auntie T., goes looking for Earl but doesn't find him. He puts in a call to the police dispatcher asking that as a favor to him the cops keep an eye out for Earl. In the morning Virgil takes the call that Earl has been found. Virgil's ex-wife, Ann, brings Virgil's two daughters, Kindra and Danielle, over, and all seven members of the extended family go on a picnic. There Earl learns that Virgil, who had a promising future in football and started with Ohio State, in his freshman year destroyed his knee and the promise of the career he had longed for. Later Earl has a heart-to-heart talk with Virgil, telling him he needs to find something to look forward to, that he has an ex-wife who's a good woman and two beautiful daughters. At first resistant to even listening to Earl, Virgil takes what Earl says to heart. Back home, Auntie T. gives Earl a photo of his mama, and tells both Earl and Ray the story of what happened the night Earl was born. She tells Ray he took his newborn baby brother in his arms and said, "This is my baby." The next day, after Ray takes Earl to the police-impound lot to get back his stolen truck (which has been recovered little damaged except for a few bullet holes resulting from a gun battle the thieves had with police while using the truck in a bank robbery) the two brothers drive to Arkansas together in Earl's truck to visit their mother's grave.
tt0200469
Horror,Sci-Fi,Thriller
There is a biological emergency...so bad that the Center for Disease Control has interrupted Dr Sheila Casper's [Dina Meyer] field research in the bat caves of Skull Valley, Arizona to fly her to Gallup, Texas. Six days ago, two genetically-altered flying foxes broke free from Dr Alexander McCabe's [Bob Gunton] research laboratory. At first, they killed only animals, but now they've begun feeding on humans. Sheila Casper, a wildlife zoologist who specializes in bats (Chiroptera), has been called to help find the pair before they kill more humans or contaminate other bats in the area. Aided by Sheriff Emmett Kimsey [Lou Diamond Phillips] and CDC specialist Dr Tobe Hodge [Carlos Jacott], Sheila and her assistant Jimmy Sands [Leon] begin to search for the bats' roosting area. The first night out, Emmett and Sheila are attacked by a horde of them. They are able to capture one of them and plant a homing device under its skin. When they set it free, however, hoping that it will lead them to the roost, it is attacked and killed by the other bats, as though they knew it was a plant. Apparently, these bats have been bred for super-intelligence. Gallup must be evacuated, and the mayor is told to broadcast a warning to all residents to stay indoors and secure their houses. Unfortunately, no one listens. The bats invade the town and, within minutes, people are grabbing guns and shooting at anything that moves, cars are being smashed up and bursting into flames, and victims lay in the street dying. Tobe Hodge is one of them. More help is required. The military arrives and begins evacuating the town. They give Sheila and her bat hunters 48 hours before they start blowing things up. Sheila sets up headquarters in the most easily secured building in Gallup--the school. The military has promised to center the infrared cameras of a Chromo-B340 satellite on the area around Gallop to help locate the bat roost. Even when the roost is located, however, how are they going to annihilate every last bat? From the numbers they saw the other night, there are thousands of them. Bombing the roost will only scatter them, Sheila explains, leading to the creation of other roosts and potentiating the problem. Poisoning them is not an option, as the most popular bat poison (chlorofoccinol?) is only marginally effective against bats but highly lethal to humans. Sheila thinks the best solution is to put them to sleep by lowering the temperature in the cave. At 40 degrees F, bats begin to hibernate. At 32 degrees, they freeze to death. Jimmy arranges for an NGIC Industrial Coolant that uses freon, carbon dioxide, and oxygen to be dropped off as soon as the roost is located. When the spy satellite begins sending pictures of the bats, Emmett recognizes the area as that of the old Black Rock mine. Everything is set to begin at 0600 hours. Except that the government has other ideas, which don't include waiting until dawn. During the night, they wire the mine with explosives. Unfortunately, the bats kill them all then come for McCabe, their creator, who still has a modicum of mind control over them. The bats want their freedom. When Sheila et al arrive at the mine the next morning, they are informed by the military that they weren't able to turn on the coolant unit, so the plan now is to bomb and gas the mine starting in one hour. Sheila decides that one hour is enough time for them to get the coolant unit started, so she and Emmett suit up and enter the mine. Jimmy stays outside to monitor their progress and to blow up the mine entrance should it become necessary. Although they find themselves up to their waist in bat guano, they are successful at starting the coolant. As they make for the exit, the bats begin to pursue. Run, run, run! The moment they exit, Jimmy detonates the explosives. As they drive away, an escaped bat lifts its head out of the sand on the road. The car runs it over. Splat. [Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl]
tt0101412
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
In the land of Arok, the nomad warrior Dar (Marc Singer), known as the Beastmaster for his magical ability to control animals, is taken prisoner by the evil warlord, Arklon (Wings Hauser). Dar refuses to divulge the location of rebel forces and is sentenced to death. The executioner is interrupted by Dar's pet tiger, Ruh, while his ferrets, Podo and Kodo, chew through their master's bonds, allowing him to defeat Arklon's soldiers. When the warlord fights back with a magical laser device called the "Key of Magog," Dar's eagle, Sharak, tears at Arklon's face, enabling the Beastmaster to escape. Sometime later, rebel forces are led into a narrow gorge by a treasonous witch named Lyranna (Sarah Douglas). After Arklon's army annihilates the rebels, Lyranna offers to make him the most powerful man on planet Earth. Lyranna speaks in modern English slang which confuses Arklon and she tells him that she has been to a place where others imagine beyond space and time. Meanwhile, Dar encounters a deformed swamp creature who identifies herself as the sister of his late father, King Zed. She explains her appearance as the result of practicing "forbidden rituals," and informs Dar that he has a brother, who was raised by evil high priests. The creature predicts the end of the world at his brother's hands, unless Dar kills him before the autumn equinox. At Arklon's fortress, Lyranna reveals a portal leading to the modern day city of Los Angeles, California, which exists in a parallel dimension. In nearby Long Beach, California, is the Strategic Research and Development Center, which houses the "neutron detonator", a weapon so terrible that its possessor could control the world. Arklon reluctantly agrees to Lyranna's offer to secure the detonator in exchange for becoming his queen. In Los Angeles, Jackie Trent (Kari Wuhrer), the spoiled teenage daughter of United States Senator Herbert Trent, drives recklessly through the streets with two police cars in pursuit. Attempting to evade the officers, Jackie enters an alley, and all three cars pass through the portal to Arklon's fortress. Soldiers surround the two policemen, who assume they have stumbled into a science fiction convention. When the soldiers set fire to the police cars, the officers jump back through the portal and escape, while Jackie speeds away from the fortress. Hours later, her car runs out of fuel and she searches the wilderness for a gasoline station in the vast desert. After camping for the night, she is awakened by Dar and his animals. Jackie assumes Dar is a circus performer and joins him on his quest, hoping he can lead her back to the city. The next day, Arklon's soldiers kidnap Jackie and return her to the fortress. Arklon, who now hides his scarred face behind a partial leather mask, explains Jackie's presence in the parallel dimension, and promises to return her to Los Angeles if she assists him in acquiring the neutron detonator. Although Jackie knows nothing of the weapon, she falsely claims that her father can accommodate the warlord. Dar makes his way to the fortress and passes through the portal in pursuit of Jackie, Arklon, and Lyranna. The warlord notices the letter "A" embossed in the palm of Dar's right hand, indicating they are brothers. He ruptures a gas pipe, trapping Dar behind a wall of flames while Jackie guides the two villains through the city. Dar is hospitalized after police subdue him with a Taser, and his tiger is placed in a zoo. On the street, Jackie tells Arklon and Lyranna that their strange attire is drawing unwanted attention, and convinces them to shop for new clothes. When she flees her captors, the enraged Arklon wrecks the clothing store, and police release a composite sketch of the perpetrator. The next day at a police station, Detectives Coberly (James Avery) and Bendowski (Robert Fieldsteel)) question Dar about wanting to know who he is and where he comes from, but Dar refuses to talk. When Dar sees the wanted police sketch of Arklon, he manages to grab his sword and escapes through a window to continue his quest. Jackie happens by and drives Dar hide out in her Beverly Hills home. Meanwhile, Arklon steals the uniform of a drunken military officer and gains access to the Strategic Research and Development Center, where he is joined by Lyranna. Dar and Jackie see the uniformed warlord on a television newscast and follow him to Long Beach. Arklon and Lyranna break into the facility and steal the weapon, unaware that they have triggered its detonation timer. Using his mind reading skills, Arklon learns of Lyranna's plot to kill him and usurp his throne, so he abandons her in Long Beach and speeds back toward the portal in a stolen jeep. Jackie and Dar give chase, accompanied by Lyranna, who offers to help defeat the warlord. Upon reaching the portal, Lyranna agrees to apprise Senator Trent of the situation, motivated by her lust for powerful men. Arklon evades capture and makes his way to the zoo. Dar and Jackie follow, guided by Sharak. The warlord shoots the eagle out of the sky with the Key of Magog, then creates a flaming crevice in the ground. Ruh, the tiger, breaks free from his cage and assists the ferrets in relieving Arklon of the detonator and the key. The brothers engage in a sword-fight, which ends with Arklon falling into the flames, declaring "The world is mine!" While Dar attends to his wounded eagle, police escort Admiral Binns to the site, and he disarms the bomb with only a second to spare. When Dar and Jackie return to the portal, he bestows his ferrets on her and promises to return, now that he has possession of the key. Back in his own world, Dar encounters a group of pilgrims who gather to worship Jackie's abandoned car, and dance to music from its stereo system.
tt0102522
Horror
The film opens with a scene showing the protagonist of the first Nekromantik, Rob (Daktari Lorenz), committing suicide. The film then goes to a churchyard in the evening where Monika (Monika M) is searching for a way in. She finds her way in and after quite some digging she absconds with the remains of Rob. Once back at her apartment she unwraps her new found interest and sits and smokes a cigarette while watching him. A short vignette follows showing Mark (Mark Reeder), a future interest of Monikas attempting to catch his train to work but missing it. The film then jumps back to Monika attempting to have sex with the corpse by straddling him. She gives up, frustrated and unable to reach a climax the scene ends. Mark then is seen on the phone with a woman she is trying to meet for a movie. He states explicitly that he despises lateness and that she must be punctual. After he waits a few minutes in front of the theater he asks Monika if shed like to join him. She agrees and after the film, which consists of two people eating soft-boiled eggs naked on a roof top, they adjourn to his place for eggs. They meet again at an amusement park for a day out and get along very well. After their day out she decides to destroy the remains of Rob. After his dismemberment she decides to keep a few mementos of Rob: His head and penis. She continues her relationship with Mark but is disappointed after the first time that they have sex. This is due to the fact that he is moving and must be dominated in order for her to get any pleasure. Their relationship begins to take a weird turn when Mark awakes the next day. He discovers the rotting penis that belonged to Rob in the refrigerator and is perplexed to say the least. He returns the penis to the refrigerator and the film goes back to Monika who is having a dream. This dream consists of her singing a song in French next to a pianist (John Boy Walton) playing a piano. Soon after he is seen hanging upside down with Monika photographing him. After these events he begins to question her nature and whether it is perverse. He meets up with a friend at a coffee shop and he tells her about his worries about Monika in a very vague manner and she assures him that he is overreacting. He tells a man at a bar (Florian Koerner Von Gustorf) about his troubles as well. The man assures him that he is, again, overreacting. He then returns to Monika with a fresh pizza in hand for the two of them and is met by a group of women congregated in her living room. He arrives when she is watching a seal autopsy video with her friends. He does not see the video initially but after asking her what they have been doing all afternoon she tells him that they were watching a movie. He asks to see it and is repulsed after being shown it. Monika becomes defensive and he storms off. They talk on the phone later and she asks him to come over and talk it out. He does and in a burst of passion they begin to have sex. She then begins to ride him and pins his arms down. Unaware of his fate he closes his eyes and enjoys the experience. Monika then reaches under the bed and pulls out a bone-saw and slams it into his neck. He writhes in pain but it is too late. She begins to cut his head off and then secures his erection with a cock-ring and leaves the view of the camera. She quickly returns with the head of Rob which she places on the shoulders of Mark. The scene ends and the next shot that is seen is the back of an ambulance. The film ends with a doctor walking down a long corridor. He approaches the camera, in real-time, in a single shot and tells Monika that she is pregnant.
tt0101597
Drama,Thriller
A twenty-something innocent-looking woman is taken by force to an interrogation by a single male who is seemingly a government investigator. Her children's book, CLOSET LAND, is accused to contain subversive messages from some unnamed underground working against the government. The rooster character in the book is posited as the leader of a terrorist cell, for example. She maintains her innocence as the irony mounts from the questioner's continued belief that she has given hidden signals to fellow insurgents inside what she says is a simple children's story. Her questioning gets more brutal as she is strapped to a torture table, given drugs, and otherwise molested. During her torture, she reverts to her childhood-learned ability to withdraw mentally to an imagined world of fictional animal characters which assist her to cope with --in her childhood-- being locked in a closet and --in her torture-- she uses the same technique to survive with her sanity and her consistent denial of guilt. The interrogator, who may or may not be the man who molested her when she was a child, appears to eventually believe in her innocence but her refusal to sign a confession will apparently result in a chemically-induced lobotomy. Direction, writing, and acting are all brilliant. Extremely strong emotional content but no blood nor overt violence. Implied extreme violence. Definitely not for children.
tt0120318
Comedy,Romance
Sometimes you find out that the love you left is the only one you really want -- no matter what.
tt0100200
Drama
Walter and India Bridge are a married couple in late middle age living in Kansas City during the 1930s. Because he is a successful lawyer, they live relatively well, and India enjoys the freedoms of being a socialite housewife with grown kids. India does lament to Walter that he does not really know her, and he is conflicted about their oldest daughter Ruth becoming sexually active. One night he catches her making love on the living room floor, and thereafter he relents to let her move to New York City, for which he will provide her $1,000. The film proceeds through a series of other episodes in their lives that have little evident consequence. For instance, their son Doug becomes an Eagle Scout, and noticeably does not thank his mother at the ceremony. Thereafter, nothing is mentioned about this painfully awkward rebuke. Walter and India ride out a severe storm in a restaurant, during which he tells her of his plan to travel to Europe together. When they go on the trip, they see a lot of beautiful artwork, and they go to arousing can can shows that make Walter rather passionate toward India. Alas, after he buys her a reproduction of a painting she loves, the Nazis invade Poland and the war begins. Back at home one day later, India discovers a pin-up girly magazine in Dougs room. In response, she quietly gives him an old marriage manual, saying nothing. One day the Bridges daughter Carolyn tells Walter that she is engaged to a local man. Walter is furiously resistant, but later the fianc makes quite a forceful appeal to Walter and he relents, allowing the wedding to take place at the family home. One night Walters secretary asks to have a drink with him after work. She makes clear that she has repressed an attraction to him for the 20 years he has been her boss, and becomes emotionally upset. Walter shows certain discomfort but otherwise does not respond to her and tells her to take a few days off. One day Walter and India review some of the family stock holdings and insurance policies in a safe deposit vault at a bank. She asks him to tell her he loves her once in a while. One day Walter tells Doug that he has heart problems, and if he dies, India may depend on him. One day Indias friend Grace seems to be having mental problems, prompting India to ask Walter if she should try psychoanalysis. Walter dismisses the idea as foolish, telling India that she can just talk to him about her problems, or feel better by buying a new car. One day Carolyn laments that she is unhappy in her marriage, and India tries to console her. This motivates Carolyn to tell India that she thinks her father dominates her mother too much. After further concern about Grace, one day she dies from an apparent drug overdose. India is devastated, but Walter suggests it was inevitable. One day India tries to back her car out of the garage and it stalls between the doors, leaving her trapped. She turns off the engine and calmly waits for help despite an encroaching snowstorm. With her situation unbeknownst to Walter, he buys her flowers on the way home. When a local sees this, he suggests that Walter needs to celebrate more joy in his life. Walter flatly responds, I have known contentment. Indicating the simple contentment and lack of substantive drama in their lives, the end credits roll over home movies of the family, with captions revealing how they continued. The lives of Mr. and Mrs. Bridge did not become any more exciting: They went on as before for quite a few years.
tt0097911
Horror,Sci-Fi
20th July 1969 Sound of austronauts talking and sending information about their moontrip. Suddenly, there is only white noise. Neil Armstrong (Neil Armstrong himself via archived recordings) steps onto the Moon, saying "That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind." Title credits. Some astronauts talking to base. One of the astronauts asks about the weather, and base answers that the weather is perfect, sunny and dry. Col. Jason Grant (Walter Koenig) is recording himself saying bombastic things about their mission. Meanwhile, Ray Tanner (Bruce Campbell) falls asleep. Jason starts a bell to startle and wake him up. They have a good time and they share their nicknames. Suddenly, the radar contacts something approaching fast. It looks like another spaceship. Jason decides to get into the shuttlesuit and try to enter the ship, even though Chuck Koreman (Robert Kurcz) at ground control had chosen Ray. There are hieroglifics on the outside walls of the ship. There is a hole on the outer layer of the ship, and Jason picks up a container. A kind of dead corpse passes Jason by. Back to Earth, in a lab, the container and the corpse are brought and studied. They are 14,000 years old. Barnes (John J. Saunders) says that they can't open the container without destroying it because it's made of a strange alloy. Haskell (Reavis Graham) asks Barnes if the president should be informed. Haskell thinks it's a con so that the budget for NASA will get increased. When it's on its own, the container opens up, and a kind of metalic octopus appears. It smashes a mirror with its sounds and it makes the computers work under its domain. It looks as though they are feeding them information. The corpse looks like a human, and the place of origin is the Moon. There is a kind of overload, and everybody gets trapped on the lift. Haskell doesn't want to write a different report to his own. So Jason insists that there should be another trip to the Moon. The alien octopuss gets hold of some metalic instruments and uses them to give iself some arms. An assistant (Mariafae Mytnyk) enters the lab and sees the corpse missing from the isolation room. She calls security, but the alien robot kills her and then leaves. Jason and Chuck want Haskell to call George Beck (Tom Case) so that they will work together. A lieutentant (James A. Courtney) and two soldiers (Tony Abruzzo & Tom Whalen) arrive to the lab and find the assistant. They run after the robot, and they have it cornered, but Barnes wants to send a friendly message to it. It shoots Barnes on his arm, so Barnes tells everybody to shoot. The robot is unharmed, and it sends electric rays to kill people. Ray crawls through the air shaft and finaly shoots it on its head: the robot falls to pieces. Jason Grant's son (Doug Childs) lives in a futuristic mansion with his dad. He loves reading scy-fi comics. The son mentions that the mother is already going out with somebody else. Barnes and Jason meet at Joey's, a night club. Ray flirts with a waitress (Pat Carozzo) who won't serve him any more drinks. Jason arrives and he's drunk. Ray wants to get famous. Ray tells Jason their mission has been approved. Ray is childishly enthusiastic, but Jason is worried. Once on the Moon again, Jason and Ray moonwalk. Right as they leave their secondary shuttle, another robot appears and moves underground towards the shuttle. With its tentacles, it takes all its electric power. Chuck in Houston tells the astronaut left behind on the main ship, Beck, to be careful. Ray and Jason's moon car gets stuck in the sand. They crawl to a soft steep and they find an alien base. They approach it in their car and see a green light on top. Buried in the sand, Jason finds a human-like skeleton, so they carry guns with them. Behind them, the robot follows them. Inside the alien base, there are many more skeletons. They think it's a kind of ceremony hall. They open the door with a human-hand touchscreen. Everything lights up. They find a cryogenized woman who wakes up. She tries to shoot them, but Jason takes off his helmet and tells her that they are human. Mera (Leigh Lombardi) holds onto the bracelet in one of the skeletons. The robot lifts the secondary vassel up. Base advises the astronauts to go back to their ship as it's moving and sending strange info. Mera uses its own alien spacesuit to leave the place. A cocroach-like robot attacks them from the ceiling, but the two humans kill it. Beck directs the buggy to the new location of the shuttle, but it's gone when they arrive there. They follow the trail in the sand. The three find the alien ship, which looks as though it's leaving. The robot appears but Ray can kill it. Another robot appears. Beck's computer system is not working and the ship falls down to the moon. Ray dies. Jason and Mera walk to the car and they reach a spacetent. There, they kiss each other, and they make love. Outside, a robot takes Ray's corpse. Again in their spacesuits, Mera and Jason are about to leave, but the robot is using Ray's face. Mera shoots it. Two other robots appear, and they take Mera and Jason. They chain them to the wall in a dungeon-like wall. Jason realises that the robots need people as spare parts. Another robot appears and cuts a piece of cloth from Mera. Jason releases himself and finds a piece of tube and kills the robot, destroying it. He frees Mera. They get into their spacesuits and they find a way out. Meanwhile, the voices (B.K. Taylor, Jay Scott & Lani Castner) from Houston are sending to space another spaceship, commanded by a woman (Judy Levitt) and piloted by a man (Reuben Yabuku). Mera and Jason go up in zero gravity looking for the exit. Everybody stares at the alien ship; Jason and Mera see it as well. They try to float towards it. They find their secondary ship in perfect condition. The human ship approaches the alien ship, but the humans are attacked. Jason sets on a time bomb. Another container appears. On shooting it, Jason sends himself and Mera out to space, so they approach the human ship. The time bomb goes off, destroying the ship. The human ship picks up Mera and Jason. Jason and Mera are now married living in his luxurious home. She wants to stay on Earth, forever with him. Jason says that it's over, but somewhere on Earth, a capsule like the one at the beginning opens up. It starts to work and we can see that it's in the perfect location: a car-scrap shop. As the end credits finish rolling, a brief audio clip is heard of Grant talking to a [[NASA]] official on the phone about the possibility of any debris that may have fallen to Earth in the aftermath of the ship's explosion. The official denies such a thing and assures Grant that anything that would have crashed to Earth would have incinerated upon entry. --written by KrystelClaire
tt0104808
Action,Horror
Houngan, a voodoo-esque priest, recites a chant while surrounded by candles. As he stabs a decapitated human head, Matt Cordell, the so-called 'Maniac Cop', is lying dead in his coffin when he opens his eyes and punches though the casket. The next day, Detective Sean McKinney talks to Officer Kate Sullivan on a shooting range. She complains about being in trouble with her stiff superiors for using excessive force (she has been dubbed "Maniac Kate") Since it is her birthday, McKinney gives Kate a wristwatch and she thanks him since he is one of the few cops whom is casually nice to her. McKinney goes to a crime scene where a headless corpse is found with a dead chicken stuffed inside. The detective talks about Palamayumbe, a ritual which uses heads; the chicken is left inside the body to let the soul "take flight". That evening, Kate and her partner are at a scene where a crazy man named Frank is inside a store, shooting anyone who enters. Reporters Bishop and Tribble are nearby and listening to the police scanner for stories and they are exited to hear that the notoriously aggressive Kate Sullivan is at the scene. After Kate's partner is killed by Frank, she runs inside with an automatic rifle and shoots at Frank until he runs into the pharmacy (with bullet-proof glass) for refuge. At the same time, McKinney describes to Houngan (standing by a barrel of fire) a symbol resting next to the corpse, and Houngan says that it is the symbol of "anti-justice". Back at the pharmacy, Kate runs to the roof, loads hollow-point bullets into her revolver, and jumps through the roof and into the pharmacy. Frank holds the girl from the pharmacy as a shield, and Kate shoots him without hesitating. The girl says: "You shot Frankie!" Kate realizes that she had buzzed Frank into the pharmacy and they are both involved with the shooting spree. They both open fire and the girl is hit in the head and Kate is also hit as the two reporters are filming everything. Meanwhile, Cordell goes to see Houngan and the man tells the undead cop that he allowed himself to bring him back to life because his spirit is not at rest. Cordell hears the news of Kate on the radio (the video of the incident at the pharmacy has been edited by the dirty reporters to make it believe that Kate killed the pharmacist's assistant in cold blood and that the woman was innocent). Cordell is angry and leaves. At the hospital, McKinney asks Dr. Myerson about Kate and he tells the detective that Kate is brain head due to being in a coma from the shooting. Outside the hospital, a man says uncomplimentary things about Kate when Cordell arrives and throws him and shoots the man in the air. The next day, McKinney talks to his friend, Willie, and learns that the pharmacist Frank is using the police due to Kate using illegal weapons. Frank has been giving a six-month suspended sentence in exchange for dropping the lawsuit. McKinney goes to the hospital and asks Dr. Susan Fowler if he can talk to Frank. The detective tries to help Frank remember more about the shooting at the pharmacy by cutting off some of his oxygen. A comatose Kate dreams of walking down a church aisle to meet an ugly and decomposing Cordell at the altar. She opens her eyes and grabs a nearby McKinney when she sees Cordell behind him. The detective tells Susan about her movement and her heart monitor speeding up, but the doctor sees no change in Kate's physical being. Regardless, Susan tells Myerson what has happened and asks for another brain scan, but Myerson think that it would be a waste of time and money. Later, Myerson is enjoying some time with a woman in the doctor's lounge, and Cordell knocks on the door. When the doctor comes out, Cordell shocks him with defibrillator pads. He chases Myerson to the roof, where he places the pads on the doctor's face, killing him. Afterwards, Susan sees Cordell lurking around the hallways and follows him to the basement, but he disappears. Later, after the police discover the body of Myerson, Susan tells McKinney about seeing a cop leave Kate's room. McKinney goes to the basement and finds the old church altar with Houngang, who talks to the detective about resurrection. He says that McKinney and Cordell walk the "same path". Hank Cooney, a local police official, goes to the hospital to see Dr. Powell and tells him that by cutting off Kate's life support would save the city some trouble. Cooney shows that he has a letter of consent, signed by Kate's mother. Powell says that he can take care of it later that afternoon. A little later, Powell hears glass break in the X-ray room where Cordell grabs him and straps him underneath the X-ray machine for a fatal treatment with repeated blasts with high-powered X-rays. Cordell takes the letter of consent and crumples it. That evening, the dirty reporters, Bishop and Tribble, go to the scene of a drive by shooting (which sounds intriguing since it was reportedly a child shot). At the scene, Bishop callously interviews the brother of the young victim. He then looks for Tribble, finding him dead inside an ambulance with two dead attendants. Bishop is stabbed through the back by Cordell. The next day, McKinney watches the unedited version of the pharmacy shooting and sees that the girl killed by Kate had buzzed Frank in. Back at the hospital, Cordell places a gun by Frank's pillow, uncuffs him and leaves him the keys. As Cooney and Gina Lindey, Frank's lawyer, discuss clearing Frank's long criminal records (so he can get the benefits of film or literary rights), Frank and his two hospitalized criminal roommates escape and shoot and kill Cooney, Lindsey and the guard on the floor. Cordell then goes back to Kate's room where he picks her up and carries her away. McKinney arrives back at the hospital and seeing the dead bodies, hides under a hospital gurney and shoots and kills Frank's two criminal associates. He follows Frank to the women's restroom where he kicks a stall door, and is grazed by a bullet from Frank (hiding behind a woman on the toilet), and finally kills the trigger happy criminal. Susan bandages McKinney's arm and they kiss. The detective is told that Kate has been taken away. McKinney and Susan run to the basement church were Houngan is standing over Kate's comatose body and Cordell is standing behind him with a shotgun. Houngan says that Cordell has ordered him to resurrect Kate, but McKinney tells Cordell that Kate is now at peace since all the people responsible for her condition are dead and to "let her go". Cordell tells Houngan to "finish it". Houngan says that he cannot "recover" Kate because Kate will not allow him, and Cordell shoots Houngan, knocking over some candles which set fire to Kate's body. Cordell picks up Kate's flaming body and they burn together as McKinney and Susan run outside and avoid an explosion. McKinney and Susan get into an ambulance to get away as the whole building begins to burn. But as they are driving down a road, a flaming Cordell follows them in another car. The ambulance driver jumps out and McKinney gets behind the wheel as the burning Cordell tries to reach his hand inside and literally pushes cars out of the way. McKinney tosses an oxygen take in the backseat of Cordell's car, but the maniac cop latches his arm onto the passenger's side door. The detective drives by a road sign, slicing Cordell's arm off and the ambulance flips over. Cordell stops the car, turns around and slams it into drive, but the car explodes when the oxygen tank explodes. McKinney lights a cigarette with Cordell's flaming severed arm. In the final scene, the burned-to-a-crisp bodies of Cordell and Kate lie side by side on tables in the morgue, and Cordell lovingly touches Kate's still body.
tt0093476
Fantasy,Comedy
Jessie Montgomery (Ally Sheedy) is a spoiled heiress with no interest in her father's Charles (Tom Skerritt) philanthropy. She declines her widowed father's invitation to a Starlight Foundation fundraiser so she can party at a nightclub with her boyfriend, Bret (Jason Beghe), who insists this is the last time he is going out with her. Her other friends are more than happy to take advantage of Jessie's generosity in paying the bill. Or rather, her father's generosity, and he is not happy to see the extravagant amount on her credit card receipt. That night, Jessie is caught speeding through the Hollywood Hills, cocaine falls out of her purse and she is arrested. When her father gets the call, he is so disappointed, he wishes he never had a daughter. Suddenly, a star brightly twinkles in the sky and Stella (Beverly D'Angelo), Jessie's no-nonsense fairy godmother, magically arrives at the jail. Jessie does not believe the fairy godmother part, but is thrilled to learn that no charges are being pressed. Jessie is stunned, however, to leave the police station with no money or credit cards. Stella informs her that the old Jessie no longer exists. She has no past, no money and no family. Jessie does not believe Stella and goes home, but her father does not recognize her and drives off. Jessie breaks into the house and loses her shoes while being chased off by the dog, the staff and police. Jessie calls her father that night, but he insists that he does not have a daughter and hangs up. In the park, Jessie sees Stella and demands to know what is happening. Stella informs Jessie that while some maids deserve to be princesses, some princesses deserve to be maids. Stella tells Jessie that Charles wished that he never had a daughter, so instead of appearing before him and granting the wish, Stella has instead orchestrated it to appear that Jessie has never existed from Charles' life. Jessie's father is under a spell (all of his memories about Stella are gone) and it could be permanent unless Jessie changes, and she should start by getting a job. The next morning, a bedraggled Jessie fishes a pair of shoes out of a dumpster and goes to an employment agency, arriving just as the owner receives a request for a White live-in maid. Jessie balks, but she has no choice. She accepts the uniform and arrives at the Malibu mansion of ran eccentric music talent agent Stan Starkey (Dick Shawn) and his equally vain and shallow wife, Georgette (Valerie Perrine), who favors big wigs and incredibly over-the-top fashion choices. Jessie gets off to a bad start when she surprises the other maid, Maria (Begoa Plaza), and breaks Maria's Walkman radio in the process. Audrey James (Merry Clayton), who works as the cook, and Maria bet that Jessie will not last twenty-four hours, but even they are surprised when Jessie is fired an hour later for commenting on Stan's hair transplant bandages. Fortunately, Georgette talks Stan into giving Jessie another chance. Unfortunately, Jessie is a terrible maid. She also struggles to get along with the rest of the staff, including Nick McGuire (Michael Ontkean), the chauffeur who is an aspiring songwriter. Georgette and Stan want to promote a rock band named Loaded Blanks, so they decide to host a fundraiser for the Starlight Foundation. They invite Jessie's father, Charles, to discuss the event and he brings Stella (who is his new fiancee). Jessie privately confronts Stella and their argument ends with Jessie wishing Stella would leave her alone. Stella grants that wish, and magically keeps Jessie from talking to Charles before they leave. Jessie is heartbroken, and realizes she made a big mistake as now she is stuck in this living hell of being a maid and will never see her father Charles or Stella again. On Sunday, the Starkeys and their daughter, Brie (Rainbow Phoenix), leave for Las Vegas. Against Maria's wishes, Audrey invites Jessie to join them for Sunday dinner at Audrey's house. Jessie declines but eventually decides to go. On the way to Audrey's, Jessie buys a new Walkman for Maria, which helps mend their relationship. Jessie meets Audrey's family and learns Audrey James was once a famous singer, but an alcohol problem sidetracked her career. Audrey does not want to discuss it and is more worried about coming up with $10,000 for her daughter's college tuition. Jessie is surprised when Nick picks them up in the limousine to take them home; and, a few days later, Jessie is impressed when she asks Audrey to sing one of Nick's ballads. Suddenly, Jessie has a new attitude and it is reflected in her work and friendships with the rest of the staff, especially Nick. Romance blossoms for Nick and Jessie as preparations for the Starlight Foundation fundraiser progress. At the party, Jessie, Nick, Audrey and Maria take a moment to watch from an upstairs balcony. They each wish for something: Audrey wishes for $10,000 for her daughter's tuition; Maria wishes someone else would clean up after the party; Nick wishes everyone attending, especially the music industry heavyweights, could hear his music; and Jessie (still distraught and feeling that she has nothing left in this world) wishes that all their wishes would come true. Unbeknownst to Jessie, Stella happily overhears this exchange. Outside, the show is about to start when Stella works her magic and a falling coconut knocks out Dude, the lead singer of Loaded Blanks. Jessie, Audrey, Nick and Maria rush outside to help, but Dude wakes up with amnesia. Stan wants Loaded Blanks to go on without Dude, but they are just the back-up band. Jessie interrupts and announces that Audrey can sing. The Loaded Blanks band members recognize Audrey and know her music. Stan is amazed and the show goes on with Audrey fronting the band. She is a tremendous hit and, for her second song, Audrey pulls Nick on stage to play piano as she sings his song. By the end of the evening, Audrey has a check for $10,000 from an executive at Capitol Records who says Audrey and Nick are going to be very successful. Maria's wish also comes true and she is stunned to find the kitchen is completely clean. And the evening was a fund raising success. As Charles leaves, Georgette and Stan tell him that the event made $40,000 for the Starlight Foundation. Stella asks Jessie to step outside to say goodbye because Stella is moving on. Jessie claims to be Stella's first failure, but Stella disagrees and points at Jessie's feet. Jessie is suddenly wearing the beautiful shoes she lost when being chased from her home. And Jessie's father suddenly recognizes her again. They happily embrace before he leaves, saying he will see her at home later. Jessie thanks Stella for everything. As Stella drives off, her car turns into a bubble and flies into the night sky. Nick joins Jessie outside, they kiss... and live happily ever after.
tt0076704
Horror,Mystery,Sci-Fi
The film opens as Rose (Brooke Adams) is found drifting alone in a small rowboat. Two fishermen find the dinghy and pull her onto their boat, barely alive and in a horrible state. Her voiceover indicates she had been rescued from some terrifying experience. The film's events are flashbacks. Rose is seen previously as part of a small group of tourists aboard a small commercial pleasure boat. The Captain (John Carradine) seems to be having trouble with the boat. His mate, Chuck (Fred Buch), seems to share a mutual attraction with Rose. Also on board are Dobbs (Don Stout), who is the boat's cook; Keith (Luke Halpin), another tourist; and a bickering married couple named Norman (Jack Davidson) and Beverly (D.J. Sidney). After some trouble with the engine, the Captain and Chuck are faced with the fact that their navigation system is going haywire after they encounter a strange orange haze. The others sense that something is wrong and that they may be lost at sea. Norman in particular becomes very whiny about it, insulting the Captain and being generally abrasive to everyone. In the darkness of night, a hulking ship suddenly appears and brushes up alongside their boat, damaging it. The Captain sends up a flare, which momentarily lights up the eerie sight of a huge, rotting vessel wrecked nearby. The next morning, everyone wakes up to find the Captain missing. Realizing the boat is slowly taking on water, everyone evacuates in the lifeboat and makes for a nearby island. They also see the huge wreck in the light of day; it appears to have been there for decades, nothing more than a skeletal framework, and now seemingly immobile, stranded on the island's reef. The group is startled to find the body of the Captain, apparently drowned while he was trying to check the underside of the boat for damage. They explore the island and discover a large, rundown hotel. At first they think it's deserted, but they soon discover a reclusive old man living there (Peter Cushing). The man seems alarmed by their tale of the "ship" that rammed their boat, and he goes down to the beach to see for himself. Under the water, strange zombie-like men begin to gather, walking from the wreck along the ocean floor until they're at the island. The next morning, as Dobbs gathers items to help him prepare food for the castaways, the zombies corner him in the water and one of them attacks; before it kills him, Dobbs falls in a cluster of sea urchins and is horribly mangled. Rose comes out to swim and discovers the body. Back inside the hotel, their reluctant host tells them that he was a Nazi commander in charge of the "Death Corps", a group of zombified men created to live underwater and in any type of condition. The creatures were intended to be a powerful weapon for the Nazis, but they proved difficult to control and were "recalled". Just as the war was ending, the Commander was at sea with them awaiting orders on how to proceed. When Germany lost the war, he decided to sink the ship and live in exile on the nearby island. Realizing the zombies have returned somehow, he says they are doomed. The Commander goes down to the beach again and sees a few of the zombies off in the distance; they refuse to obey him and disappear under the water. They follow him to a secluded place and drown him in a stream. The others attempt to locate a boat that the Commander told them about. They find it hidden in some brush, and pilot it out through the streams to the open water, but the boat becomes stuck on a mud bank and must be pushed; pursued by the zombies and struggling to control the boat, it gets away from them and sails off, empty. Norman is drowned in a stream by zombies, and Rose tries to make her way back to the hotel. Chased by a zombie, it gets her, but she pulls off its goggles and it dies. Chuck, Beverly and Keith also return to the hotel. They decide to barricade themselves inside the hotel's large refrigerator unit for protection from the zombies, but the close quarters and stress start to make the survivors fight with one another. Keith freaks out once they're inside with the door locked, and he fights with Chuck. In the melee, he pulls out a flare gun and ends up accidentally shooting a flare inside the cooler, blinding Beverly. Chuck and Rose escape to an old furnace room, where they hide inside two metal grates. Beverly, who now can't see anything, hides in a closet. Keith is confronted outside by the zombies; they corner him in a swimming pool and drown him. The next morning, Chuck and Rose discover Keith's body. They also discover Beverly dead, drowned in a large fish tank. Now on their own, they try to escape in a small sightseeing rowboat with a glass bottom. The zombies attack, and although Chuck manages to defeat one by pulling off its goggles, a second one grabs him and drowns him just as the dinghy breaches the reef and drifts free. Rose sees Chuck's lifeless body pressed up against the glass bottom of the boat and screams. The film has come full circle, with Rose's voice-over returning. She is now in a hospital bed, seemingly writing in a journal. Her dialogue begins to repeat itself over and over, and we see she is writing nonsense in her journal, apparently insane and unable to tell anyone her story about what happened to her and about the underwater Nazi zombies whom still roam the water around the deserted island.
tt0093974
Horror,Thriller
On Christmas Eve, Ricky Caldwell (Eric Freeman) is sitting in a interrogation room and smoking a cigarette when an orderly enters and places a tape recorder on a table. Dr. Henry Bloom (James L. Newman) enters, puts a reel of tape in the machine, sets up a microphone and tells the orderly to leave. The doctor introduces himself and tells Ricky that he is his court-appointed therapist and is Ricky's last chance. Ricky is very hostile and belligerent, but Henry tells him to sit down and tell him how he came to be here for his crimes. Henry begins by asking Ricky a series of questions beginning with who killed his parents. Ricky tells him that it was Santa Claus. Ricky then tells Henry the story about his parents murders. In a flashback to 1971 (from the first 'Silent Night, Deadly Night' movie), Mr. and Mrs. Caldwell along with their children, five-year-old Billy and one-year-old Ricky are driving along a snowy highway and stopped by a hitchhiker dressed as Santa whose car has broken down. The man in the Santa costume shoots the father and drags the mother from the car where he stabs her while Billy watches from a distance. Ricky then talks about his stay at the orphanage (another lengthy flashback to the first movie), where he and Bill where "taught" by the abusive and sadistic Mother Superior about naughtiness and punishment. Billy was afflicted with nightmares about his parents murder, but Mother Superior only abused him more, believing that because he witnessed evil, Billy would turn out evil. As Henry switches the tape for a new one, Ricky then starts talking about 18-year-old Billy's job at a toy store and all about how Billy snapped on Christmas Eve in 1984 and went on a killing spree, murdering four store employees, two teenagers, as well as one teenage bully sledding before killing a policeman and going to the orphanage where he tried to ax Mother Superior but was shot and killed by the police before he could do so. The young Ricky witnesses the whole thing with the other orphans. Henry switches another tape again before Ricky then says that they closed down the orphanage afterwords, but that one of the more friendly nuns, Sister Mary, sent him to live with the Rosenburgs, a friendly Jewish couple that did not celebrate Christmas. While on the street with his foster mother shopping, young Ricky is frightened by two approaching nuns, which remind him of the abuse he and all of the other orphans suffered at the hands of Mother Superior and most of the other nuns. Ricky is also afraid of the color red, which reminds him of the Santa murders and of seeing his brother gunned down. Martha Rosenburg sees Ricky react to a car backfiring which reminds him of the gunshots that killed his brother and leads him away. Despite the incident, Sister Mary convinces Mr. and Mrs. Rosenburgs that they have to keep watching Ricky. Some years later, Ricky's foster father, Morty, dies. One summer day, 15-year-old Ricky (Darrel Guilbeau) is out for a walk along a rural road in a park. He sees a young couple, Eddie and Paula, lying in the grass on a blanket. Eddie is too forward with Paula and forces himself on her. While Eddie is attempting to rape Paula, he hits her. Ricky sees this and says "Naughty!" to himself. Paula stops Eddie from raping her by hitting him in his crouch. He gets up and goes to his Jeep which is the color red. Ricky gets in the vehicle first, starts it up with the keys still in the ignition and hits Eddie and roles over him back and forth. Paula witnesses the murder and actually thanks Ricky for killing her abusive boyfriend. Ricky walks away having secured his first kill. Dr. Henry Bloom writes down "red car" in his notes. Ricky then talks that when he graduated from high school three years later, he got a job as a dishwasher in a local restaurant. One evening, while taking out the trash, the grown-up Ricky witnessed a loan shark trying to collect from a deadbeat and beating the man in the alley behind the restaurant. The loan shark wipes the sweat from his forehead with a red handkerchief, and Ricky then attacked. The super-strong Ricky picked up the loan shark and shoved an umbrella through his stomach and opened it, leaving the dead thug behind as it started to rain. In the present, the increasingly worried Henry, wipes his face with his own handkerchief, but notices a red 'B' on it and puts it away before Ricky can see it. Henry realizes that Ricky has described two previous unsolved murders and finally figures out that the color red makes Ricky go violent. Henry suddenly angers Ricky when he asks him about a woman named Jennifer. Henry shows a photo of Jennifer, and Ricky calms down and says that Jennifer was the only person and thing he ever cared about. In another contemporary flashback, set a few years after the loan shark murder, Ricky first met Jennifer (Elizabeth Clayton) in a parking lot at a local grocery store when she accidentally bumps into his motorcycle with her car and knocked him over. She offered to pay for the damage and soon, it was love at first sight for both Ricky and Jennifer. They later ride on Ricky's motorcycle, and kiss and spend some personal time together. Ricky tells Henry that his intimate moments with Jennifer were the happiest times he had in his life. Later, Ricky and Jennifer go out to see a movie. Ricky is annoyed by an idiot seated several rows behind him making noise. As Ricky and Jennifer prepare to kiss, the idiot makes kissing sounds. Jennifer tells Ricky that the movie they are about see is about a guy who dresses up as Santa and kills people. Ricky, apparently inspired, stands and leaves. When Ricky is gone, another guy named Chip (Kenneth Bryan James) sits next to Jennifer and talks about their old relationship. She is mad because Chip cheated on her, but Chip mocks the muscular Ricky. In the back row, the idiot is still talking constantly, but finally shuts up when Ricky attacks and knocks him out. Chip tells Jennifer that he will be home all summer and to call him, but she refuses. Chip then goes back and sits down in his own seat with his latest girlfriend Roxanne. Ricky returns to Jennifer and she wants to leave, but he says that he is enjoying the film. A few days later, Ricky and Jennifer are walking down a sidewalk in a residential neighborhood, hand in hand, happy to be together. They pass Chip's house where Chip is working on his red car outside on the street. He approaches them and makes fun of both of them. He holds onto Jennifer until Ricky confronts him and orders Chip to leave him and Jennifer alone. Chip mentions having sex with Jennifer while they were together, and an enraged Ricky grabs him and shoves jumper cables into Chip's mouth and electrocutes him. Jennifer yells at Ricky that she hates him for killing her ex-boyfriend. But Ricky, jealous that Jennifer had sex with Chip before they did, rips off the car's antennae and chokes her to death. A local rent-a-cop arrives and points a gun at Ricky, but he turns the weapon on the rookie cop and shoots him. Ricky takes the gun and goes out on a shooting spree, killing a neighbor who comes outside asking about the gunshot. Having finally been driven to the point beyond insanity, Ricky then walks down the street and shoots and kills another neighbor who is taking out the trash. (Ricky yells "garbage day!" before shooting him.) A little girl riding a bicycle bumps into Ricky, and says "excuse me, mister!" in a polite tone. Ricky tells the little girl that it's okay and lets her ride off. He moves on down the street and shoots at a moving red car, which crashes and explodes. Another few minutes later, the police arrive and order him to put down his gun. With nowhere left to go, Ricky points the gun at his head, and gets a click. He is all out of bullets, thus allowing the police to arrest him. Ricky finishes his story to Henry and says that it was a shame that he was stopped before was finished, and says that he intends to continue his killing spree to end it where his older brother Billy failed. Ricky passes by the doctor, who is lying dead at his desk having been strangled with a reel of tape (apparently while Ricky was describing his murder of Jennifer). Ricky walks out of the room and attacks people outside. Sister Mary (Nadya Wynd) arrives at the hospital after Ricky's escape and tells a police lieutenant investigating Dr. Henry Bloom's murder that Ricky intends to kill Mother Superior. She explains that several years earlier, Mother Superior had a stroke and is retired having been confided to a wheelchair and having been suffering from cancer for the past year and also lives alone. On a street, Ricky kills a Salvation Army Santa and takes his uniform, as well as arms himself with a two-bladed ax, intent on killing Mother Superior for all the abuse and to finish what Billy was going to. Ricky then calls the wheelchair-bound Mother Superior from a pay phone and says "Santa's Back!" Mother Superior manages to call the police to come over to her house just as Ricky arrives. He axes his way through the front door and calls out for Mother Superior to get what is coming to her. She rolls her wheelchair into a room and slides a dresser in front of the door. As Ricky axes things around the house, she rolls out of the room and to the stairs where Ricky attacks her from behind and causes her to fall down the stairs. She gets to another wheelchair at the bottom and tells "Richard" to come out and face her. When Ricky finally shows himself, she says that she is no longer afraid and that Ricky is being naughty and needs to be punished. Ricky lifts the ax. The police and Sister Mary arrive at the house where they find Mother Superior sitting at a table. Her head falls off as Sister Mary touches her shoulder. Ricky appears with the ax in his hands and is about to strike Sister Mary but gets shot by several policemen and flies back out a glass back door. Sister Mary awakens from her faint where the police lieutenant tells her "it's over". She turns and sees Mother Superior's severed head lying next to her. Sister Mary screams. Outside on the back porch, the police surround Ricky who is probably dead. But in the final shot, Ricky weakly opens his eyes... still alive.
tt0096259
Comedy,Crime,Drama
Two Chicago gangsters go to Gino's shoe store and request that he meet them later by giving him a $100 bill. At that meeting, one of the gangsters tells Gino that an important man has been "mistakenly identified" as a killer, and shows him a picture of the man, who bears a striking resemblance to Gino. His chief, Mr. Green, explains that if Gino would serve 3-5 years in prison for confessing to the crime, they will pay him enormously, providing a boat for him to live in Sicily. Gino reluctantly agrees, and Mr. Green gives him an old Sicilian coin in gratitude. Jerry is another gangster assigned to take Gino away for a few days to train him on the story for his confession; if he does the job well, Jerry hopes to get off "probation" with his mafia bosses. After some time training in a hotel room, Jerry decides to take Gino to Lake Tahoe for two days of pleasure before he has to go to prison. Jerry bumps into an old associate and tries to impress him that Gino is critically important in the mafia, a ruse he carries on when they arrive at a resort, where they are given an elaborate suite and showered with fantastic service, all for not cost. The two men go to the casino with unlimited credit, where Jerry arranges for Gino to win a little on a rigged roulette table, but Gino accidentally wins $35 grand and Jerry is relieved when he loses it all on another game. He handles the loss graciously, saying, "Things change." The gamble gets Gino a lot of attention, including the services of two showgirls. Jerry is upset the next morning when he temporary thinks that Gino has left with the girls, then becomes more concerned when two unknown gangsters show up to invite them to lunch with a local boss, Don Giuseppe. Jerry tells him to not talk business during the meeting. At first Don Giuseppe suspects a problem, but when Gino shows him the Sicilian coin, they bond. The two men walk along the lake, bonding further, and Don Giuseppe invites him to spend the night. Jerry goes back to the resort, and is shocked to learn that Mr. Green is part of a huge mafia meeting at the home of Don Giuseppe that night. Jerry labors to get Gino out before they all cross paths, and steals a car to do so. The car runs out of gas and they don't have the money to fill it up, until Gino happens to see the two showgirls at a gas station and they give him some cash. With that, Jerry drives Gino back to their hotel in Chicago, and they talk about how they will fish together in a few years in Sicily. Jerry suddenly gets a pang of conscience and begs Gino to not go through with the deal. Gino insists that he's given his word, and must honor it. A gangster shows up to take them to court, but tells Jerry that their boss plans to have Gino killed, by Jerry. Meanwhile, Gino walks out to the shore of Lake Michigan, and Jerry beats down the gangster in distress. Gino suddenly gets the idea to call Don Giuseppe to ask for his help. At a court hearing, the judge sentences that other gangster-- disguised as his boss-- to life in prison. Gino and Jerry repair shoes back in his shop. They look at each other and shrug.
tt0091829
Fantasy,Horror,Mystery
Howard Hallenbeck (David Dukes) is an American professor who travels to Ireland to research items of religious significance. He goes to a rural church to photograph some graves. Meanwhile, three farmers are attempting to remove an ominous stone column from a field. Two of the farmers head home. A thunderstorm appears out of nowhere, and smoke pours from the ground. Lightning strikes the column. The monster Rawhead Rex rises from the dirt. Howard meets Declan O'Brien (Ronan Wilmot), who directs him to Reverend Coot. The curious O'Brien approaches the altar and places his hand on it. Images flash before his eyes. This experience apparently destroys O'Brien's sanity. Afterwards, Howard inquires about the church's parish records. Coot says he can arrange to have Howard look at them. Later, a man arrives at the home of locals Dennis and Jenny. He discovers a clearly traumatized Jenny. The police arrive at the scene and investigate. Meanwhile, Rawhead drags Dennis' dead body through the forest and comes upon a trailer park. A teenager named Andy Johnson is trying to make out with his girlfriend. The two teens head into the woods. Soon after, Howard sees Rawhead on top of a distant hill with Andy's head in his hand. Afterwards, Howard speaks again with Coot, who tells him the church's parish records have been stolen. Declan O'Brien destroys his camera. He takes his family on the road again. On the road, Howard's daughter needs to go to the bathroom, so Howard pulls over and lets her go by a tree. Hearing her suddenly scream, Howard and his wife rush to her; Howard's son stays in the van, alone. Rawhead kills Howard's son and takes the body into the woods. Infuriated by the police's unsuccessful efforts to track down Rawhead, Howard returns to the church. He discovers that there is a weapon shown in the stained glass window that can be used to defeat the monster. After Howard leaves, Coot curiously touches the altar but resists the temptations and images it shows him. Rawhead arrives at the church to baptize O'Brien by urinating on him. A bewildered Coot goes outside to investigate the noise and sees Rawhead. Horrified, Coot flees inside the church and into the basement while Rawhead destroys everything inside. Coot finds the missing parish records, showing what appears to be some kind of blueprint of Rawhead himself. The insane O'Brien catches Coot and forces him upstairs to be sacrificed to Rawhead. The police arrive at the church and prepare to open fire on Rawhead, but they hesitate because he is carrying Coot. The brainwashed inspector dumps gasoline around the police cars and ignites it just as they begin to shoot at Rawhead, killing all the police, including himself. Howard leaves his wife and daughter and goes back to the church where a dying Coot tells him that Rawhead is afraid of something in the altar. Howard goes inside where O'Brian is burning books and is overpowered by Howard. Howard, by using a candle stick, opens the altar and gets to the weapon. O'Brian retreats to Rawhead to tell him, leaving Rawhead displeased. Howard tries to use the weapon, but has no affect. In anger, Rawhead kills O'Brian by tearing out his throat, with Howard's wife watching in terror. As Rawhead tries to kill Howard, his wife picks up the weapon, it activates, stopping Rawhead from killing Howard. A ray of light comes out of the weapon and hits Rawhead, hurting him. Howard realizes that it has to be a woman for it to work. Then the form of a woman appears from the stone and shoots electric rays through the stones and into Rawhead's body, knocking him to the ground. After a few more blasts, Rawhead is drained and weakened to the point where he has no hair, has aged, ill and dying. Finally he falls through the ground with Howard's wife dropping the weapon in with him. Rawhead is smashed under giant stones and finished. Both Howard and his wife cry in light of it being over. In the final scene, the boy from the trailer park places flowers on Andy Johnson's grave. As he walks away, Rawhead emerges from the ground and roars....
tt0077834
Horror,Sci-Fi
A green-skinned man wanders through the desert with a laser cannon attached to his arm. A spaceship lands and two aliens emerge, one of whom shoots the man, which disintegrates his body. The aliens depart on their spaceship, leaving behind the laser cannon and a metallic pendant the man was wearing. Teenager Billy Duncan wakes up in his bed, seemingly disturbed, and learns his mother is leaving for vacation. He goes to visit his girlfriend Kathy, but her deranged grandfather Colonel Farley makes him leave before he can see her. As Billy drives around town, he is harassed by bullies Chuck Boran and Froggy, and by two police deputies who give him a speeding ticket. Billy wanders into the desert and discovers the laser cannon and pendant. He starts playing with the cannon, pretending to shoot things, then realizes he can fire the weapon while wearing the pendant. Meanwhile, on the alien spacecraft, the two aliens converse with their leader who shows them footage of Billy using the cannon, prompting the aliens to turn their ship around to head back to Earth. Later that night, Billy and Kathy attend a party where Chuck and Froggy attempt to rape Kathy. When Billy discovers them, a fight breaks out. Later that night, Billy uses the laser cannon to explode Chuck's car, and Chuck and Froggy barely escape the explosion alive. Government official Tony Craig arrives to investigate both the explosion and the desert where Billy found the cannon. Tony informs the local sheriff that the town must be sealed off. Feeling sick due to an unusual growth on his body, Billy visits Dr. Mellon, who surgically removes a metallic disc from Billy's chest. Mellon calls the police laboratory technician Mike London to arrange for the disc to be investigated. A green-skinned Billy opens fire on Mellon's car that evening, killing him in an explosion. The next day, Tony investigates the wreckage and recovers unusual material, which he brings to Mike London, who concludes it is an alien material that cannot be destroyed. The next day, Kathy puts the pendant on Billy's chest while they are laying together outside. Billy immediately wakes up with green skin and deformed teeth and attacks Kathy. Billy goes on a rampage, shooting random objects with the laser cannon. Law enforcement officials shoot at Billy from an aircraft, but Billy destroys the aircraft with the cannon, and later kills Chuck and Froggy by blowing up their car. While Tony questions Colonel Farley and Kathy about Billy, the two aliens land on Earth and begin searching for Billy. After killing a man and stealing his van, Billy travels into a city where he randomly fires at his surroundings. Kathy and Tony arrive in the city and locate Billy, as the aliens spot Billy from atop a building and shoot him, which kills Billy and destroys the laser cannon. The aliens depart in their spacecraft and Kathy cries over Billy's corpse.
tt0087247
Crime,Drama,Mystery
In a New York City club of erotic dancers, Matt Rossi (Tom Berenger) and Nicky Piacenza (Jack Scalia), owners of the Starlite Talent Agency, collect their weekly commission from the establishment's owner, Mike (Michael V. Gazzo). While Matt's former girl friend, Loretta (Melanie Griffin), performs onstage, another dancer, Honey (Ola Ray), is attacked and stabbed by a man in an alley, who dismembers two of her fingers. After Loretta's performance, Matt goes backstage to give her a birthday gift. However, he leaves when he sees Loretta's roommate and fellow stripper, Leila (Rae Dawn Chong), clearly flirting with her. Outside the club, Matt tells Nicky that he wants to rekindle his romance with Loretta. When Nicky learns that Honey was attacked, he and Matt visit the injured girl at the hospital. Honey tells them she did not see her attacker. Matt is later interrogated by detective Al Wheeler (Billy Dee Williams), who falsely assumes Matt is involved in illegal activities, thus perpetuating the attack. Sometime later, Matt drives Loretta home from the club, and she expresses how much she used to love him. Meanwhile, Leila is attacked in a subway station, and her face is slashed. The attacker then writes a detailed account of the stabbing in his journal. At the hospital, a doctor tells Nicky and Matt that Leila is lucky to be alive, and the attacker meant to cause both victims a slow death, based on the location of their stab wounds. Terrified dancers begin canceling their performances, and Matt and Nicky wonder if they are being targeted. Matt remembers his former profession as a boxer; he put a competitor into a coma, and the man later died. In time, Matt approaches fellow talent agent, Lou Goldstein (Jan Murray), and asks if he is behind the attacks. Goldstein claims to be a businessman and not a gangster. Meanwhile, Detective Wheeler concludes that the attacks may not be directed at the talent agents. Matt finally gives Loretta her birthday present, expresses his love for her, and they later make love at her apartment. Elsewhere, a third dancer named Silver Chavez (Maria Conchita Alonso) is stabbed, and dies from her injuries. The media begins to call the attacker the "New York Knifer." Later, Loretta visits Leila in the hospital, and sees her friend die from her injuries. Distraught over the tragedy, Loretta begins using heroin again after years of sobriety, and begins missing work. Sometime later, one of Goldstein's dancers is killed, and he and Matt work together to protect their girls and track down the killer. At a club, Nicky sees a man with a knife in his pocket, and, thinking he is the attacker, lures him into a kitchen, where a fight ensues. Matt joins the brawl, using his boxing expertise. In the midst of the fight, Nicky riffles through the man's wallet and discovers he has only just arrived in New York City, and cannot be the killer. When Matt goes to Loretta's apartment she is too drugged to answer the door. Matt continues to be haunted by causing the death of his opponent in a boxing match. In time, another dancer is murdered, and Matt is arrested for assaulting the man at the strip club. One night, as Nicky picks up his dancer girl friend, Ruby (Janet Julian), from work, he witnesses her being attacked. Nicky saves Ruby and fights the man on the street, but the attacker is skilled in martial arts, and beats Nicky before fleeing. Elsewhere, Matt is interrogated at the police station by Wheeler and put in jail. When he is released on bail, Matt learns that Nicky is in the hospital, suffering internal bleeding in a coma. Matt later visits a Mafia leader friend named Carmine (Rossano Brazzi) who advises Matt to find the attacker and kill him. Meanwhile, Nicky slowly recovers, and Loretta's drug use continues. When Loretta asks Ruby for money, Ruby gives her cab fare, and directs her to go straight home. However, Loretta takes the money to her drug dealer, Jorge, where she discovers his body hanging in an alley. The attacker, laying in wait, stabs Loretta in the leg before Matt arrives, and a fight ensues. Loretta goes for help as Matt takes several hits. When Matt exercises his boxing skills, he defeats the attacker. Police officers arrive to discover that Matt has beaten the man to death. Wheeler acknowledges Matt's heroism, and sends him home with Loretta.
tt0074706
Action,Crime,Drama
After a fight with a client, advertising executive Dinah Hunter (Yvette Mimieux) comes home to find her boyfriend in the swimming pool with a topless girl. Sick of his constant philandering, she calls a friend and gets her old job back in New York City. Driving cross-country from Los Angeles, Dinah picks up a young man, Bobby Ray (Robert Carradine), and his pregnant girlfriend Lola (Nancy Lee Noble). That night, they drive past an overturned truck of melons and see Coley Blake (Tommy Lee Jones), a man in his thirties, being arrested as his partner's body is being removed from the scene. Later, Dinah stops on a deserted stretch of highway to let Lola and Billy Ray out. Lola pulls out a gun. Bobby Ray orders Dinah out of car, then debates if he should kill her. Instead, he knocks her out with the pistol and steals her car and purse. Dinah walks into an empty bar and asks Dan Oldum, the bartender, to use his phone. After she cleans up in the ladies room, Oldum tries to rape her. She hits him with a ceramic duck and runs out front, right into the arms of Deputy Burt. Oldum tells Bert that Dinah came in all crazy and assaulted him. Bert asks for identification and Dinah explains that both her car and purse have been stolen. Bert arrests her and then thanks Oldum for supplying soda pop for a police picnic. The next day, Dinah is in a cell next to Blake. Sheriff Dempsey explains to her that Oldum is not pressing charges, but until he can get through to Los Angeles or New York to verify her identity, she has to stay in jail. He then tells Blake that he is to be extradited to Texas for a murder charge. That evening, the night jailer, Deputy Hobie, brings in the prisoners' meals. He asks Dinah if she is from Hollywood and then picks up a hot dog and says he heard Hollywood girls like wieners. Dinah says he's mistaken. He goes back to the office, but comes back later and rapes her. As Hobie pulls up his pants, Dinah grabs a stool and beats him to death. Blake reaches through the bars and stops her. Since Hobie is dead, Blake takes his keys, opens both cells, and drags Dinah outside to steal Hobie's pickup. Blake flies down the road and passes Dempsey, who gives chase. As the sheriff gains on them, a drunk driver misses Blake and smashes into the police cruiser. Both vehicles explode, killing both Sheriff Dempsey and the drunk driver. Dinah comes out of her shock and demands Blake go back and tell the police what happened. He explains she killed a cop and they will shoot her on sight. Instead, he takes her to a run-down barn out in the hills to hide out. There, he meets up with some friends who let Dinah clean up and give her a change of clothes. As Blake and Dinah are leaving, two officers from the Bakersfield police show up and tell everybody to surrender. Blake's friends pull out machine guns and hold off the police while Blake and Dinah escape in the pick up. After driving through pastures and dirt roads, they find an empty ranch house to hide in. Listening to the news, they discover that they are both wanted for Hobie's death. Dinah is determined to turn herself in, but Blake explains that it does not matter that she was raped; she killed a cop. She is either going to jail where rape is the norm or she will beat the charge, but the fight will change her forever. He says that, since she doesn't have a record, she could just run and no one will be the wiser. When she says she can't be a fugitive, he tells her to tell the police that he killed Hobie and kidnapped her. She says she can't do that, either. The next morning they are awakened by the shotgun-carrying owner of the ranch. Blake knocks the shotgun out of man's hand and the two crash through a window. During the fight, the rancher wounds Blake with a scythe and is about to kill him when Dinah puts a gun to the man's head. The fight has caught the attention of a police helicopter. Blake and Dinah jump into the pickup with Dinah driving. They barely avoid a head-on collision that forces a cruiser to crash. The helicopter radios the Fallsburg police who are all at a Bicentennial parade. The Fallsburg police chief orders his men to make a roadblock using a tractor-trailer. Dinah drives right into the trap and the police open fire, hitting Dinah in the shoulder. Blake tries to help Dinah to escape on foot, but she is too badly wounded. He tells her he has to go and she says they will kill him. He laughs and says he "was born dead." Blake and the police exchange gunfire as he runs through the town and into the parade. The police gun him down as he knocks over a standard bearer and Blake dies lying on the American flag. The Police Chief drives up with Dinah in the back seat and she stares at Blake's dead body.
tt0074611
Drama,Horror,Mystery
Julia Lofting (Mia Farrow), her husband Magnus (Keir Dullea), and their young daughter Kate (Sophie Ward) eat breakfast and Kate starts to choke on a piece of an apple. When the apple refuses to dislodge, Julia reaches for a knife and tries to perform a tracheotomy on Kate's throat, but fails and Kate bleeds to death. Distraught by the death of her only child, Julia leaves her husband and moves to a new house; a mysterious old row house in a low part of London. An upstairs room contains a child's possessions. As she unpacks, Julia finds a mechanical clown toy with sharp, clanking cymbals and accidentally cuts her finger on them. In a nearby park, Julia thinks she sees Kate, but the girl disappears. She hears strange noises in her house, blaming them on Magnus, who she believes is spying on her. When Julia takes photos of the child's possessions in the room, she is baffled when there is nothing in the frame of the developed photo and sees that the items cannot be photographed. A radiator in the house mysteriously turns on by itself. Later, Julia sees the girl in the park, but finds a mutilated turtle and a knife where she stood. Magnus' sister, Lily, asks Julia if her friends can use her house to conduct a seance. The medium, Mrs. Fludd, explains that spirits need to control someone to carry out physical acts. During the seance, Mrs. Fludd becomes frightened and tells Julia to leave the house immediately. Moments later, one of Lily's friends, Miss Pinner, falls down the stairs. While Julia is out, Magnus breaks into her house to find her. He sees something and follows it to the basement, but is killed after falling from the staircase - his throat cut on a broken bottle. A neighbor tells Julia the house once belonged to Heather Rudge, who moved away after her daughter Olivia choked to death (in a similar manner to Kate). Julia visits Mrs. Fludd, who has taken ill since the seance. She tells the medium she is convinced her house is possessed by Kate's spirit, but the medium tells her she saw a boy in the park, bleeding to death. When Julia finds an article about a boy, Geoffrey Braden, murdered in the park, she visits Greta Braden, Geoffrey's mother. Mrs. Braden tells her a vagrant was executed for the crime but that the other children in the park murdered her son. She says she and her companion have been following the lives of the children, now adults, and asks Julia to visit the remaining two, Captain Paul Winter and David Swift. Winter dismisses her after she says she's seen Mrs. Braden. Outside she sees Miss Pinner, who denies seeing anything frightening in the house. Julia next visits Swift, an alcoholic, who admits that Olivia had power over him and the other children. She made them each kill an animal, then made them watch as she murdered Geoffrey. He says he told only Mrs. Rudge. That night, as she sleeps, a child's hand caresses Julia's face and holds her hand. The phone rings and when Julia tries to answer it, a child's hand pushes hers away, causing her water glass to fall and break. Later, Swift is shown leaving his apartment. He slips on a broken bottle in the stairwell and he falls over the railing to his death. Julia tells her friend, Mark (Tom Conti) what she has discovered but he doesn't believe her. That evening, her heater won't turn off. She tries to unplug it and shocks herself. Mark is later electrocuted when a lamp falls into his bath. Julia visits Mrs. Rudge in a psychiatric home. Mrs. Rudge confesses that she killed Olivia after learning about the murder. As Julia rushes out in fear, she looks over her shoulder at Mrs. Rudge, who sees Olivia's eyes. Mrs. Rudge dies of a heart attack. At home, Julia sees the ghost Olivia in the bathroom mirror, then in the living room on the floor playing with the clown toy. She takes it from her, offers her a hug and asks her to stay. In the final shot, Julia is seen bleeding to death, her throat apparently cut on the sharp edges of the cymbals.
tt0093996
Comedy,Horror,Music
High school student Courtney Bates (Crystal Bernard) has recurring dreams about the "Driller Killer" (Atanas Ilitch) using his electric drill to kill the people she cares about. Courtney's mother (Jennifer Rhodes) tells her it is perfectly normal to have dreams of frightening experiences. Mrs. Bates realizes that the incident when Courtney was 12-years old and the Driller Killer attacked her sister, Valerie (Cynthia Eilbacher), certainly qualifies as a frightening experience, and offers to take her to a psychiatrist. However, Courtney declines, assuring her mother that she will be alright. Valerie has been a patient at a mental institution since the Driller Killer incident, but Courtney is too ashamed to tell her friends, so she lies and says that Valerie is at college in Northern California. Courtney is still a virgin and has never dated anyone seriously, but she is drawn to Matt Arbicost (Patrick Lowe), a handsome boy at school, and invites him to the rehearsal of her all-girl band. Matt is impressed by their sound and afterward kisses Courtney. Mrs. Bates agrees to let Courtney spend her 17th birthday weekend with her friends at a Desert Springs, California, condominium owned by band mate Shelia Barrington's father. Before leaving for the condo, Courtney has another nightmare about the Driller Killer, and of her sister, Valerie, warning her not to have sex. When the girls arrive at the condo, Courtney, Amy (Kimberly McArthur), Sally Burns (Heidi Kozak), and Shelia (Juliette Cummings) find the complex is still under construction. Few of the condos have been completed and only a handful are occupied. Nonetheless, they try to make the best of the weekend and break into the liquor cabinet. As they drink, they talk about becoming a successful band with a hit song. Eventually, the girls take off their bras and get into a pillow fight, as two of their friends, Jeff and T. J. (Scott Westmoreland and Joel Hoffman), watch from outside. That night, Courtney has a dream of the Driller Killer murdering her sister, Valerie, and proclaiming he wants to make love to her. The next day, Courtney has strange visions of things attacking her, which her friends dismiss as a hangover. When she takes a bath, she sees that blood is coming out of the faucet and flooding the bathroom. She rushes to get Sally, who shows her that it is merely water overflowing the tub, not blood. However, when Sally notices a pimple on her face, Courtney sees Sally's face explode. Matt and Jeff accuse T. J. of giving Courtney drugs, but he denies it. Courtney becomes nervous when Sally is missing and they hear a crunching sound in the trash compactor and fear it is Sally's body. They telephone the police who arrive moments before Sally returns to the condo from buying acne cream. Police warn them against making any more prank calls. Later, Matt brings Courtney a birthday cake and lights the candles. He knows about the incident with the Driller Killer and how upsetting that must have been to witness. They start kissing, but Courtney gets nervous, saying she has never had sex before. She imagines the Driller Killer running his electric drill through Matt. Courtney runs downstairs to get help and the Driller Killer follows. This time it is not Courtney's imagination; the killer is real and Matt is really dead. The Driller Killer wears a black leather ensemble and fancies himself a rock and roll musician, carrying a large guitar with an electric drill on the handle. The killer runs his drill through Sally, and cuts the phone line. The others run out of the house in different directions. However, Amy, Jeff, and Courtney go back to get the car keys and discover Sally's body. They rush to the car and drive away, but the Driller Killer is hiding in the back seat and drills through Jeff. The girls run back to the house. Meanwhile, T. J. and Amy go to the only other house that seems to be occupied, begging for help. However, before the owner can answer the door, the killer murders T. J. Courtney gets to another telephone and calls police, who think it is another prank call and warn them not to phone again. The killer drills through Shelia, then drills through the bedroom door to get to Amy and Courtney, who climb onto the roof to get away. He catches Amy and comes after Courtney. With a blow torch, she lights the Driller Killer on fire. He falls from the roof and is killed. When daylight comes, police and ambulances arrive to take away the dead, but then Courtney wakes up in bed beside Matt. However, a moment later she has another dream about the Driller Killer.
tt0092842
Drama,Horror,Thriller
In New York City on a cold day in early January, actress Katie McGovern (Mary Steenburgen) goes on an audition where she impresses Mr. Murray (Roddy McDowall), the casting director. Murray takes Katie out to eat at a local restaurant, explaining that the lead actress on a film, Julie Rose, walked off the set a week ago after many arguments with the director. The movie is currently shooting scenes in Canada which do not involve Julie, but they fear she will not return to complete her role. They are looking for an actress who looks similar to Julie to take over and Katie fits the bill. Murray offers to pay Katie $3,000 to go upstate and videotape an audition scene which will be sent to the director. If he likes what he sees, she will be cast and paid an additional $9,000. Although her husband, photographer Rob Sweeney (William Russ), is skeptical about the idea, Katie packs her bags for the overnight trip. Murray drives Katie upstate to the estate of Dr. Joseph Lewis (Jan Rubes), a psychiatrist who is also the film's producer. Lewis, who uses a motorized wheelchair, is pleased with Katie, gives her a script to study, and says they will tape the audition in the morning. Lewis reports he just got word that Julie Rose had a nervous breakdown and definitely will not be returning. The next day as a winter snowstorm begins, Murray and Lewis cut and dye Katie's hair to match Julie's, then videotape the audition. As the winter storm has gotten worse, Murray, who is Dr. Lewis' personal assistant, says the car will not start and the phone lines are down. However, that night, Murray starts the car easily and drives into town where he drops the videotape in the mail slot of a house. Evelyn, the woman living there, watches the tape, which also includes a taped message from Dr. Lewis, saying that this should be proof the Julie Rose is alive and they will contact her soon. Meanwhile in New York City, Rob Sweeney telephones the number Katie gave him, but finds it is out of service. When Rob contacts the operator, she informs him that the area code Katie gave him does not exist. Trapped at the mansion due to the fierce storm, Lewis and Murray try to make Katie feel at home, but she discovers her driver's license, bank cards and identification are all missing from her wallet. When she tries to make a phone call, she discovers the cord has been cut. Panicking, she rushes outside without a coat, but falls in the woods and Murray brings her back inside. When Katie confronts them about the missing identification and cut phone cord, Lewis denies everything and promises to have Murray take her back to the city in the morning. Nonetheless, Katie puts furniture against the door to her bedroom to keep them out before going to sleep, but during the night, Murray comes in through a secret passage behind a full-length mirror. When Katie wakes up the next morning, she finds that her ring finger on her right hand has been cut off. She discovers the passageway behind the mirror and goes to the attic where she finds a working telephone. She phones her husband, Rob, screaming that they are going to kill her. Rob says he is coming to get her, but she is too upset to give him coherent directions. Nonetheless, Rob and Katie's brother, Roland (Mark Malone), drive upstate trying to track her down from the rambling things she said. Meanwhile, Katie finds Julie Rose's dead body in the attic and is stunned by how much alike they look. However, Murray catches Katie before she can telephone the police. Dr. Lewis explains that they are blackmailing Julie's identical twin sister, Evelyn. Lewis says that Evelyn married for money, but later committed murder to keep the money. Julie witnessed the murder and came to Dr. Lewis as a psychiatric patient. Lewis suggested they blackmail Evelyn. However, Evelyn had Julie murdered and had the killer cut off Julie's ring finger as proof of her death. Mr. Murray found Julie's dead body and brought it back to the house. They start to sedate Katie, but two policemen come to the door. Katie tells police they are trying to kill her, but Lewis says that she is one of his delusional patients. Katie convinces police to go to the attic, but they do not find Julie's body. After they leave, the two sedate Katie and Murray takes her upstairs where she finds Julie's body in her bed. A little later when Katie awakens, she overhears Evelyn and Dr. Lewis negotiating for the blackmail money. Katie pretends to climb out the window and run away, but while Murray and Lewis go outside after her, she comes downstairs, pretending to be Julie, and confronts Evelyn. However, the ruse does not fool Evelyn who tries to stab her with a letter opener, but Katie fends her off and kills her, stuffing her body in the window seat. Meanwhile, Rob and Roland arrive in the small town and go to police for help. When Mr. Murray and Dr. Lewis come back inside, they find Evelyn going upstairs. Murray accompanies her, but he quickly realizes she is Katie, not Evelyn. Katie stabs Murray in the neck, killing him. Pretending to be Evelyn, Katie comes downstairs and tries to leave, but Lewis realizes she is not Evelyn. Katie rushes back upstairs. Lewis pulls himself out of his wheelchair and follows her using a cane. Lewis goes to the attic, finds Julie's dead body, and stabs it, believing it is Katie. However, coming from behind, Katie stabs him in the back. He lunges at her, but steps on a bear trap she set. With his leg ensnared and a knife in his back, Lewis collapses and dies. A little later, Rob and Roland arrive at the mansion and rush to the attic. A traumatized Katie can barely talk, but Rob hugs her tightly.
tt0070297
Action,Horror
Transylvania 1804: Kah [Shen Chan], High Priest of a temple in Pang Kwei in the Szechuan province of China, has obviously traveled a long way on foot to ask for Dracula's help. Kah's temple has fallen out of power. He requests that Dracula [John Forbes-Robertson] resurrect seven vampires in order to restore it. Dracula thinks about it, then agrees...and takes over Kah's body to do it. Chung King 1804: Professor Van Helsing [Peter Cushing] is lecturing at Chung King University about legends of ancient China. In particular, he mentions a village that becomes cursed by vampires each year during the 7th moon. He relates the story of Hsi Phen An(sp?), a farmer who attempted to fight against the vampires but was slain in the process. Before he died, however, Phen An placed on a wayside shrine one of golden medallions worn by each of the vampires. When the vampire tried to retrieve it, he was destroyed. After listening to Van Helsing's tales, all the students laugh and walk out...except for one. Hsi Ching [David Chiang] is grandson to Hsi Phen An and proves it by showing Van Helsing the golden medallion. Ching and his family have pledged to rid Pang Kwei of the vampire curse, but they require Van Helsing's help, so Van Helsing and Ching put together a group of vampire hunters composed of themselves, Van Helsing's son Leyland [Robin Stewart], Vanessa Buren [Julie Ege] (a Scandinavian heiress with money to burn), Ching's six brothers (the twins Sung [Fong Kah Ann] and San [Chen Tien Loong], Ta [James Ma], Kwei [Liu Chia Yung], Jin How [Liu Hoy Ling], and Bao Kwei [?]) and his one sister Mai Kwei [Szu Shih], each of them skilled in various martial arts. On the road to Pang Kwei, romance blossoms between Leyland and Mai Kwei, also between Ching and Vanessa. Meanwhile the six remaining vampires attack the village and carry off some of the maidens (true Chinese take-out?). As the group of vampire hunters near the village, it becomes apparent that the vampires know they're coming. One cold night, the troop takes shelter in some caves, although Van Helsing pronounces the caves to be 'malignant.' Sure enough. While the hunters sleep, they are descended upon by bats who turn into vampires, aided by dozens of their zombie renfields. Kwei manages to destroy the sixth vampire with a bow through the heart. One of the twins takes out the fifth vampire with his sword, and Van Helsing sets the fourth vampire on fire, leaving three vampires left. When the vampire hunters reach Pang Kwei, they devise a security system of wooden stakes and trenches filled with oil. That night, when the vampires and their renfields attack, the village is ready. They light the oil and pick up their stakes. The third vampire is consumed by fire. Unfortunately, he also takes one of the brothers with him. A second brother is stabbed to death. The twins die together. Vanessa is bitten by one of the vampires. She, in turn, bites Ching. Ching destroys Vanessa with a stake through her heart and then impales himself on the stake, too. The villagers join in staking the second vampire. Mai Kwei is captured by the last remaining vampire and taken to the temple where Dracula awaits. Leyland follows and tries to rescue her. Just as the vampire seems to be getting the best of Leyland, Van Helsing arrives and runs a stake through his heart. But there is still Dracula to contend with. Van Helsing gets him to leave Kah's body and return in his real form. A short, anticlimatic fight ensues in which Dracula leaps at Van Helsing who holds up a stake just in time for Dracula to fall on it. Thereafter follows a long anticlimatic scene in which Dracula slowly turns to dust. [Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl.]
tt0071212
Horror
BEYOND THE DOOR aka CHI SEI The film begins with a narration: the same voice we will hear for the devil (Robert Booth) later. It is explained that Dimitri (Richard Johnson) must locate Jessica Barrett (Juliet Mills) who is carrying the devils child. Jessica is shown naked, spread-eagled on an altar. It is as if she is looking at herself and is shocked and runs away. At one point we see her face transform into the face of Dimitri and back. Next we see Jessica and Dimitri in close contact. Jessica, frightened, runs away. Dimitri is seen driving his car when the voice speaks to him of finding the woman and her unborn child. He promises to extend the life of Dimitri for this. Unfortunately, the devil has other ideas. Dimitri drives off a mountain road to avoid hitting a van in the middle of the road. He is killed as the car falls into the sea. Jessica pulls up on a street in San Francisco with the children Gail (Barbara Fiorini) and Ken (David Colin Jr.) in the back seat of her car. She is picking up her husband Robert (Gabriele Lavia), who tries to hop in the car unsuccessfully. Jessica opens the door for him and off they go. He tells Jessica that they have a new record called BARGAIN WITH THE DEVIL. Gail is reading a copy of LOVE STORY and Ken is drinking pea soup out of a can with a straw. When he finishes the soup, the can is thrown out onto the street as they drive on. Gail asks Ken about the nickname he gave his father. Ken says it was a**hole. Both Robert and Jessica notice that the kids are speaking with profanities. Robert suggests a psychiatrist for the kids, but Jessica claims Gail draws her language from the book. Ken is seen carrying another soup can in one hand and a wrapped present in the other. Gail unloads several copies of the book from the car and is almost hit by a passing motorist. She curses the driver. Inside, discussion is ongoing about Ken's upcoming birthday party. Gail is making a cake from scratch. As she pours ingredients into the mixing bowl, she announces the names of each one as poisons and rotten fruits. Robert is reading a book about fish. Jessica, standing on a ladder, hangs decorations on the wall. She tells Robert that next time it will be his turn to decorate. She says she will have to avoid ladders by that time. He asks what she means and she tells him she is pregnant. It is definite. Next we see the party and candles on the cake. Barbara Staton (Elizabeth Turner as Elisabeth Turner) is helping out with the party. Robert comes in asking for Jessica. He hears retching coming from the bathroom and enters to find Jessica coughing up blood. She tells him she feels the baby is suffocating her, trying to kill her. He reassures her that everything will be all right. She says she doesn't want to have the baby. He replies that they will talk about it later. He leaves to rejoin the party and she tries to compose herself. Looking in the mirror, she sees Dimitri looking at her through a window. When she turns to look, he is gone. Jessica is talking to her doctor George Staton (Nino Segurini) who is also a friend of the family and the husband of Barbara. He confirms that the pregnancy is certain but that instead of seven weeks she is three months along. She is baffled by this news. Robert and Jessica are seen eating outside and discussing the pregnancy. She suggests names for the baby. He says we can draw a name out of a hat. Surprised, she insists that the name is important because it shapes the destiny of the child. Jessica is browsing through some old photographs. She is suddenly upset to find one of her and Dimitri. She turns it face down. Standing, she seems angry and picks up a glass ashtray. She throws it at the aquarium, breaking the glass and causing an outflow of water and fish. Ken is seen watching from another window. Jessica tells Robert on the phone about what happened, saying she wanted to break the glass. It wasn't an accident. That night an ominous voice and heavy breathing are heard in the bedroom. The covers are slowly pulled down from Jessica and Robert. Ken watches in the darkness. Jessica sits up and stands. Next we see her levitating and floating around the room. Later Robert is pensive. The floors are covered in wet spots. Jessica comes out of a door, drenched. He asks what happened to her and where she's been. She begins weeping softly on his shoulder. Robert meets for lunch with George, telling him what happened. The doctor confesses that he is worried about the pregnancy, which is developing at an unnatural rate. He says he has consulted with experts and can't recall any case like this one. Dimitri is seen observing them from another window. The doctor suggests someone close to Jessica should try to find out what's going on in her head. Barbara is suggested. Barbara and Jessica are driving and talking. Jessica complains that Robert has changed and she can't tell what he will do or when he will do it. She confesses she'd rather go away in a sailboat and escape from her troubles. Barbara asks about Dimitri but Jessica replies that she hasn't seen him since that one night they met and she walked off and left him standing there. That night a fire is seen breaking out in the bathroom. Ken screams and his sister asks what's wrong. She tells him to be quiet and go back to sleep. Robert demands Gail open the door which was locked. He tells her she is never supposed to lock the door. She denies locking it. Robert looks at Ken, noticing a strange bruising mark on his chest. As Jessica comes in the room, Robert tells her that Ken has a fever and he will call the doctor. Jessica kneels down by the bed and kisses Ken on the mouth. In the morning Dr. George examines Ken and concludes that he has a fever, nothing serious. Asking about the bruise, Robert is told it's nothing unusual. Gail doesn't like the implication that she had something to do with the bruise. George suggests Ken looks a little thin. Gail reveals that Jessica slips something to Ken. Jessica slaps Gail and is reprimanded by Robert. She says she is sick of Gail's lies. George tells Jessica in his office that her pregnancy is rapidly accelerating and that it is not unusual for her to have strange feelings. She confesses that she wants an abortion, saying she is scared of the baby. She's afraid she will go mad. He suggests that abortion be considered as a last resort. When she hears that he is for the abortion, her voice and character change, accusing him of being a murderer. She tells George that the child is hers and no one will take him away from her. Threatening to kill anyone who wants to harm the child, Jessica turns to leave. George tries to phone Robert but is told he is out. Jessica goes walking the streets. In a window she sees reflected the image of Dimitri watching her. When she turns to look, he is not there. She wanders into a shop and buys a doll. Walking on, she hears many voices talking and laughing in her head. At one point she looks down and sees a banana peel on the sidewalk which has obviously been there awhile. She picks it up and begins to eat it. In his room, Ken talks to an unseen friend, telling him to sit in the rocking chair. The chair is seen to rock back and forth. Gail enters and almost sits in the chair. She is told not to by Ken. She says his friend can only be seen by Ken, who twists a doll's head around backwards. Gail tells Ken to be quiet, saying he might disturb Jessica who is resting. The dolls seem to be coming alive and begin moving. Ken asks Gail if the dolls do things when they're gone out. She says they probably do things and go all over the house. She would like to see them walking around. Ken says he would not like to see that and tells her he is very hungry. She agrees to go get something to eat. In the kitchen Gail retrieves a cold dessert on a plate. Children's songs are heard involving the names of Gail and Ken. Meanwhile the dolls are walking and moving around. Gail returns to the room with the plate and sets it down. Ken licks his mouth to indicate he is looking forward to the sweet treat. Suddenly there is a roaring in the room. The plate is smashed on the wall and there is pandemonium. Dolls fly around and Gail and Ken struggle while the whole room quivers and shakes. Gail goes to Jessica's bedroom and calls for her. Jessica is lying face down. Her head turns unnaturally around backwards to look at Gail, who screams. Robert arrives home in the dark and unlocks the apartment door. Inside he finds a broken doll on the floor which he picks up. In the kitchen he asks Jessica what she is doing. She tells him that the children had a bad dream. He says it is only after eight o'clock. She seems surprised, but offers that they sleep sometimes in the day, being tired from playing. He asks what's wrong with her. She complains of being tired of what she sees every day. She tells him she sleeps to escape reality. When he shows concern, she angrily tells him to leave her alone and not to interfere in her personal affairs. She claims he gives her no room to breathe. He leaves the room in silence. Ken is seen watching. Robert looks in the children's room and sees all the furniture except the bed in the closet. Gail comes in and touches his hand, begging him to not leave her and Ken alone with mommy. On the street Robert buys a paper and looks at it. In the shop windows we see Dimitri watching him. Robert walks through a park and Dimitri is seen looking down from above. Then he is seen again in a glass elevator coming down as Robert walks by. Robert continues walking and Dimitri follows. All of a sudden Robert is almost run down by a large truck. He is pulled out of the way by Dimitri. Dimitri tries to persuade Robert to trust him, saying he can help with Jessica. He can explain what is happening with her pregnancy and the strange moods of her and the children. Robert tells him to leave them alone and stop following him. Dimitri pleads that he listen or face great suffering. He tells Robert that he may be able to save Jessica and the one to come. He asks that Robert listen and make his own decision. He tells Robert that Jessica should not leave the house or go away from it and that the child must be born. He promises not to follow Robert anymore, saying that with what is going to happen, Jessica will seek him. When Robert turns to look, Dimitri has vanished. Barbara is seen sitting with Jessica, asking how she is feeling. Jessica turns her head and one eye is seen rolling around unnaturally. Barbara takes a tissue and begins going over the face of Jessica. Jessica falls asleep and Barbara tries to talk to her. Suddenly loud noises are heard. The sound of large heavy footsteps is heard and a gate opening. Barbara trembles in fear. Suddenly a hand is upon her shoulder. It is Robert. He asks how Jessica is. Barbara says she mumbles occasionally and rolls her eyes in strange ways. She still has a high fever. Barbara leaves to get food for Robert. As he sits and watches her, Jessica opens her eyes. She remembers times from the recent past: driving with the kids, watching the sailboats, lunch with Robert. Dr. George is sitting with Jessica. The children are shown sleeping. George falls asleep. Heavy breathing and roaring are heard. The covers are shown rising and falling. George awakes to find the bed empty. Looking over to the chair, he sees Jessica perched there with demented eyes. She speaks in the demons voice, asking who are you? Then alternately Jessica's voice begs George to help her. As George looks on, the man's voice tells him to get out and curses him. Jessica asks George to help her, holding out her hand. Then the demon causes her to vomit green slime. She also speaks in a girls voice. The demon calls for Dimitri, saying he is waiting for him. Jessica whines and begs for help. This is seen by Robert, who has entered the room. Barbara is seen getting the children ready. Ken vomits and cries. Gail is seen packing a lunchbox for Ken, with 2 cans of pea soup. Barbara tends to Ken. Gail loads many copies of the book into a duffel bag. The children leave to stay with the Staton's and Robert kisses Ken. Barbara escorts them out the door. George tells Robert that Jessica can't remain at home. She is a danger to herself and others. He recommends hospitalization. Robert tells him about Dimitri and how she knew him before. He believes the man he met who was following him was Dimitri and that he can help Jessica. George insists that she be admitted to the hospital. Robert says maybe tomorrow. In a flashback we see Dimitri walking and Jessica telling about their relationship and how magnetic he was. She was drawn to his personality and the security she felt with him. Getting himself a cup of coffee at home, Robert sees Dimitri in the apartment. Suddenly loud laughing is heard. He asks how he got in. Dimitri tells him he was drawn there by Jessica, who needs him. Robert tells him she must be taken to the hospital. Dimitri angrily demands that she remain here and have the baby. He apologizes after calming down. Dimitri convinces Robert to allow him to remain for a few days alone with Jessica in order to save her and the child. If she goes to the hospital, he says, she will die. Robert is not sure whether or not to trust him. From the bedroom Jessica is heard telling Robert to go away and leave her alone. Between the two of them, Robert is convinced to leave and not to talk to George. As soon as Robert leaves, the demon speaks to Dimitri, shaking the walls of the house. He is told that his time is almost up. Dimitri begs not to be killed. He says he did all that he was told to do, but he feels like someone else. The demon tells him that he is someone else in his head, one whose name cannot be uttered. He tries to open the bedroom door with great difficulty while arguing with the demon. Inside Jessica is seen sitting up and watching. Dimitri collapses on the floor from exhaustion. Robert is seen approaching his car. George is waiting and wants to know why he left Jessica alone. He tells George that she is not alone; Dimitri is with her. He explains that she will remain at home and that he is convinced that Dimitri is the only one who can help her. George expresses his belief that Robert is out of his mind. Telling him that this is how it is going to be, Robert drives away. At home, Robert admits his doubts about trusting Dimitri. He is told that she will be all right as long as he trusts Dimitri. Finally he is told that Dr. George will be allowed to conduct a test on Jessica which will prove that only Dimitri can help her. George is seen connecting wires to Jessica's head for an EEG. The result is absolutely nothing. There are no brain waves detected. George suggests that she is already brain dead. Robert disagrees, saying that everything that Dimitri predicted is coming true. George says that Dimitri has fooled them both into trusting him but is crazy. Jessica speaks, cackling like a witch. She tells them that Dimitri is possessed by a demon who wants to steal her baby. The demon's voice speaks out, admitting this. The unborn boy's voice also speaks. She threatens to kill him and goes into a rant. George is seen giving her a sedative. George is seen going into a low-rent hotel and asking for Dimitri. The clerk points. At home, Jessica calls for Robert. Dimitri is seen sleeping in a chair. As Robert goes into the bedroom, Dimitri opens his eyes. Jessica says she was dreaming about the past and her parents. She asks about the children and is told they are fine. She begs Robert to release her from the strait-jacket. He tells her that she is a danger to herself and others. She convinces him that she is in agony and fears she will go out of her mind. Finally he begins removing the jacket. They embrace for a few moments. Suddenly the demon comes out and throws Robert to the wall. He calls out to Jessica, who sits and laughs maniacally as she throws him from wall to wall. Finally after jostling him around the room, Robert is thrown outside the door and lands at the feet of Dimitri. Dimitri explains how helpless Robert is trying to deal with the demon and says that tomorrow he will intervene and make sure the devil doesn't leave with the child. Meanwhile, George continues the search for Dimitri. He is directed to the waterfront where he confronts a woman on a small houseboat. She tells him she used to know Dimitri and that he was well-thought-of in some circles. They say he could heal those others could not. George asks about Jessica. She remembers that Jessica was bewitched by him, although she suggests it was the other way around. George is told that she never saw anymore of the girl after he died. She tells him Dimitri died years ago in a car crash but his body was never recovered. George says some have reported seeing him. She tells him that sometimes people come back from the past. As George is driving back, the sound of demonic laughter is heard. Dimitri is also plagued by the demon, who taunts him. He tries to splash his face with water as the demon tells him his time has come. The car is seen plunging over the cliff in a flashback. The demon, speaking through Jessica, tells Dimitri that soon he will possess the body of the newborn child. He appears at the bedroom door, which is shown open, then closed behind him. He is told to come in. Jessica sits up and breaks off the strait-jacket. Moving closer to him, she tells him to remove it from her. He does. She tells him that Jessica was chosen to bring him into the world because she was beautiful and innocent. Now the time for the birth has come and Dimitri must make up for having let her get away the first time. Jessica is levitated above the bed with her legs spread. Dimitri is told to come and plunge his hands into her and remove the child. As he reaches to do so, she vomits on his face and laughs. The demon tells him that he only pretended he would let him live; he was using him for his own amusement. Dimitri falls upon the body, crying out to be spared from his pain. The demon tells of his own pain of having no body of his own. Dimitri is damned to eternal destruction by the demon. He begins pounding on the stomach of Jessica, shouting: lies! George arrives and finds the apartment door standing open. He enters and finds Robert passed out on the floor. Entering the bedroom he finds Jessica lying asleep and appears in her natural face. Looking around the room he finds Dimitris overcoat covering up the still-born infant (who has no mouth). Robert, Jessica and the kids are seen on a cruise. Gail finishes reading her book and seems satisfied with the ending. Several other children are seen coming down from an upper deck. One of them smiles at Gail, who winks back. Ken finally opens the wrapped present, which is a model of Dimitris car. Holding it over the railing of the boat, he throws it into the water. At the same time, the car crashing into the sea is shown again. Ken turns around to look at the camera, revealing that the demon has possessed him.
tt0074225
Adventure,Drama,Family
In rural Russia in the mid 1800s, Tyltyl and his little sister, Mytyl, come home late, soaking wet. When their mother learns they have disobeyed her and were playing by the river, she sends the children to bed without supper. After her woodcutter husband comes home, she relents and gives the children porridge, but finds them sleeping. Later in the night, fireworks awaken the children. They sneak out of the cottage and go to a wealthy home to watch beautifully dressed people skate, dance and feast. Mytyl wants to join them, but Tyltyl stops her. Returning home, they hear a yell and turn and see humpback witch dressed in a red shawl. She demands they give her the bluebird. Tyltyl shows her that their pet bird is black but the witch demands they find her the bluebird so she can give it to a sick little girl. To help them, she gives Tyltyl a cap with a diamond on the front and explains that by turning the diamond to the right, it will allow the wearer to see truth and the souls of everything animate or inanimate. When Tyltyl puts the cap on, the witch turns into a beautiful woman dressed in a white gown. She explains that she is "Light" and will help the children in their search for the bluebird. She then animates the soul of "Flame" and a dancer in red leaps from the fireplace. "Water" leaps from a pitcher and becomes a woman in blue. Flame and Water dance about the room as Light gives human form to "Bread", the "Maiden of Spilt Milk" and "Sugar". Sugar hands Tyltyl some candy that he feeds to their dog, Tylo, who turns into a hairy man. When Tylette, the cat, becomes a young woman, she warns the children that it is dangerous to seek the bluebird. Light waves her hands and the group is transported to a sunny wooden glen with three paths from which the children must choose. Tyltyl picks the one to his left and Light says that the path leads to the Land of Memory and only children can go there. Tyltyl and Mytyl walk through the mists of time and come to the cottage of their deceased grandparents who are sleeping on a bench. The grandparents wake and explain that they always sleep until someone remembers them. After a meal and a dance, the grandparents give the children their bluebird. Back at the wooden glen, Tylette tells Tylo and the elements that if humans find the bluebird, they will know everything and enslave all creatures. She explains that they must sabotage the children's search, but Tylo refuses, proclaiming that he loves humans and will kill Tylette if she interferes with the children's quest. When the children return to the glen, they find the bluebird has turned black. They let the bird go so it can return to their grandparents. Light now leads them to the Palace of "Night," but she is unable to enter. Light explains Night cannot refuse them entrance and must reveal all her secrets, but they must look behind every door. However, Tylette has run ahead to warn Night about the danger of the children finding the bluebird, and Night decides to frighten Tytyl and Mytyl so they will not open all the doors. When the children arrive, Night takes them to the Hall of Secrets and warns there are ghosts behind the first door. Tyltyl opens the door and ghosts fly out, but with Tylo's help, they force them back into their cell. Night begs the children not to open the second door as it contains war, but Tyltyl says he has no choice. As he peeks in, Tyltyl sees soldiers fighting and slams the door shut before war can break out. The third door is the Garden of Dreams, where the children find exotic plants which take human form and dance as a flock of bluebirds circle them. The birds land on the children and they leave the palace to find Light. When they find her, they realize all the birds are dead and Light explains they are only illusions. The children are broken-hearted, but press on. Tytyl leads the way and he sees a bejeweled woman on a white horse, then accepts her invitation to ride and leaves Mytyl behind. The woman tells Tytyl that he is "Luxury" and takes him to a circus tent full of music, acrobats, and food. Luxury points out his fellow Luxuries, including the "Luxury of Doing Nothing" and the "Luxury of Loving Oneself." Tyltyl asks Luxury which luxury is she, and she tells him he will know when he grows up. Mytyl and Light arrive at the circus to see Flame and Water dance a ballet that ends in a steamy embrace. When the troupe dances maniacally, Light tells Tyltyl to turn the diamond, and a huge wind blows away all the luxuries. As the wind dies down, the children see their mother dressed in radiant clothes, standing in a meadow. At first they do not recognize her, but she explains this is her true self, noting that all mothers are rich when they have children to love. Their mother then points out a bluebird and tells them to follow it so they run into the woods. However, Tylette has gone ahead to warn the trees that the woodcutter's children are coming and begs them to frighten the children off. When Tytyl arrives, Tylette tells him the trees are his friends and suggests he turn the diamond. When he does so, Tytyl sees the trees take human form and their king, the Oak, steps forward with a bluebird on his shoulder, but he refuses to give it to the children. He claims that it is the first time the trees can judge man for their crimes of fire and ax and orders the elm, pine and cedar to kill the children. As Tylo attacks the Oak, Tytyl turns the diamond and the trees return to their inanimate state. Tytyl and Mytyl journey to the Kingdom of the Future where thousands of children play and Light explains that they are children yet to be born. Tytyl learns that each child has a "gift", including new medicines, interstellar empires and the secret to defeating death. Others will instill blindness, disease and crime. A boy runs to Tytyl and Mytyl and identifies himself as their new brother who will be soon born. They are interrupted by Father Time, who calls the children about to be born. Although one boy refuses to leave his lover in the fear they will be forever separated, Time explains they cannot change fate and tears the boy away. He then spies Tyltyl and Mytyl and banishes them by turning his hourglass. The children, Light, Tylo, Tylette and all the inanimate souls transport back to the cottage. There, Light announces the journey is over, but Tytyl says they cannot stop until they find the bluebird. Light tells them that the bluebird cannot be caged and must fly free. One by one, the elements return to their initial forms. Tylo begs to remain human so he can tell the children how much he loves them, but Light turns him back into a dog. Before Tylette transforms, Mytyl asks if she loves them, too, and Tylette replies that she loves them as much as they deserve. Light leads the children upstairs and tucks them into bed. When they beg Light not to leave, she explains they can always find her in the sunrise or in a lamp. As she vanishes, the children's mother wakes them and they hug her and tell her about their adventures. Mytyl reports a baby brother is coming, but their mother tells them they were dreaming. Tylo barks at the birdcage and the children discover that their blackbird is now blue. They take the bird to the ill girl in the village, who is overjoyed, but as they remove the bird from its cage, it flies away. Tyltyl tells the girl not to cry because he will catch it. Tyltyl asks villagers to return the bluebird because he and Mytyl will need it for happiness in the future.
tt0071361
Animation,Action,Comedy
In the South, Sampson and the local Preacherman plan to bust out their friend Randy from prison. As they rush to the prison, the two are stopped by a roadblock and wind up in a shootout with the police. Meanwhile, Randy and another cellmate named Pappy manage to escape from inside the prison and wait for Sampson and the Preacherman to help them get out. While waiting for them, Randy unwillingly listens to Pappy tell a story about three guys that resemble and Randy and his friends. Pappy's story is told in animation set against live-action background photos and footage. Brother Rabbit, Brother Bear, and Preacher Fox are forced to pack up and leave their Southern settings after the bank mortgages their home and sells it to a man who turns it into a brothel. The trio moves to Harlem, "home to every black man". When they arrive, Rabbit, Bear, and Fox find that it isn't all that it's made out to be. They encounter a con man named Simple Savior, a phony revolutionary leader who purports to be the "cousin" of "Black Jesus", and that he gives his followers "the strength to kill whites". In a flashy stage performance in his "church", Savior acts out being brutalized by symbols of black oppressionrepresented by images of John Wayne, Elvis Presley and Richard Nixon, before asking his parishioners for "donations". When Rabbit attempts to turn the crowd, Savior tries to have him killed. After Rabbit tricks his would-be murderers (in a paraphrase of the story of Br'er Rabbit and the briar patch), he and Bear kill Savior. This allows Rabbit to take over Savior's racket, putting him in line to become the head of all organized crime in Harlem. But first, he has to get rid of a few other opponents. Savior's former partners tell Rabbit that if he can't kill his opponents, then they'll kill him instead. Rabbit first goes up against Madigan, a virulently racist and homophobic white police officer and bagman for the Mafia, who demonstrates his contempt for African Americans in various ways, including a refusal to bathe before an anticipated encounter with them (he believes they're not worth it). When Madigan finds out that Rabbit has been taking his payoffs, he and his cohorts, Ruby and Bobby, are led to a nightclub called "The Cottontail". A black stripper distracts him while an LSD sugar cube is dropped into his drink. Madigan, while under the influence of his spiked drink, is then maneuvered into a sexual liaison with a stereotypically effeminate gay man, and then shoved into women's clothing representative of the mammy archetype, adorned in blackface, and finally shoved out the back of the club where he discovers that Ruby and Bobby are dead. Then, while recovering from his delirium of being drugged, shoots his gun around randomly, and is shot to death by the police after shooting one of them.[3] Rabbit's final target is the Godfather who lives in the subway with his wife and gay sons. The contract for killing Rabbit is given to his only straight son Sonny. Showing up outside Rabbit's nightclub in blackface and clothing representative of minstrel show stereotypes, Sonny winds up shot multiple times by Rabbit before dying in an explosion caused by a car crash. His body is cremated and taken back home, where his mother weeps over his ashes. Bear becomes torn between staying with Rabbit, or starting a new, crime-free life. Bear decides to look for Fox in order to seek his advice. Upon arriving at Fox's newly acquired brothel, Bear is "married" to a girl he, Fox, and Rabbit met during the fight with Savior's men. Under the advisement of Fox, Bear becomes a boxer for the Mafia. During one of Bear's fights, Rabbit sets up a melting imitation of himself made out of tar. As the Mafiosos take turns stabbing at the "tar rabbit", they become stuck together. Rabbit, Bear, Fox and the opponent boxer rush out of the boxing arena as it blows up. The live-action story ends with Randy and Pappy escaping from the prison while being shot at by various white cops, but managing to make it out alive.
tt0068424
Horror,Sci-Fi
Two horror movie icons team up for this bone-chilling 1973 film by Freddie Francis, a master of the genre. Peter Cushing plays a scientist who begins to believe that a skeleton he has brought back from New Guinea may be infused with evil. Worried that his family will be punished by this malevolent being, he scurries the pile of bones away. Unfortunately, his nefarious brother has other plans for the skeletal find. -Karen Nadeau Professor Emmanual Hildern returns from New Guinea with a skeleton which he believes will revolutionize mankind's theory of evolution, and perhaps win him the coveted Richter Prize. While having breakfast with his daughter, Penelope, Hildern reads a letter from his half-brother, James, which informs him that his wife, Marguerite, has died in James lunatic asylum. Hildern keeps this from Penelope, who believes that her mother died many years earlier. Hildern visits James, and questions him as to whether Marguerite's illness could be hereditary, and thus Penelope be at risk. James informs his brother that he has written a manuscript on that exact subject which he intends to submit for the Richter Prize. He also tells Hildern that he will no longer finance his expeditions. Hildern begins to clean the skeleton, but when he washes one of its fingers, the bones regrow a fleshy covering. Hildern severs the finger and keeps it in a jar. His books contain a New Guinean legend of an evil being buried in the earth which will come to life when it becomes wet. Hildern and his assistant, Wardelow, begin to experiment on the finger. They find that its blood contains strange black cells that attack and consume the cells in normal blood. Hildern hopes to produce a vaccine against Evil to protect mankind. He prepares a serum and inoculates a monkey, whose blood cells later seem protected against the evil black cells. Meanwhile, Penelope has stolen Hilderns keys and gone into her mothers old room, which she was forbidden ever to enter. There she learns that Marguerite was a Folies Bergere dancer, that she went insane, and was institutionalized. Hildern catches her; Penelope becomes hysterical. Terrified that he is seeing the seeds of her mothers illness in her, Hildern injects Penelope with his serum, hoping to protect her against insanity. Later that night, Wardelow finds that the experimental monkey has gone berserk, broken out of its cage, and wrecked part of the laboratory. Hildern rushes upstairs to his daughter, but Penelope has gone....
tt0069400
Comedy
In Trafic Mr. Hulot (Jacques Tati) is the designer for Altra, a Paris car company that has one new model van for camping. The annual auto show is being held and the company is desperately trying to finish the van and all the display items to pack up and take to the auto show in Amsterdam but the entire work force is a collection of haphazard workers doing their jobs without any real sense of expertise. The van has been completed but doesnt actually run yet so Hulot and his Mechanic (Tony Knepper) have to push the van up a ramp into a truck to transport it to Amsterdam. The Public Relations Representative (Maria Kimberly) tries to navigate the entire process consistently attempting to motivate everyone with her American spirit. Along the way from Paris through Belgium to Amsterdam they break down, run out of gas, get arrested by the Police, and cause a multi-car auto accident, but manage to get to the auto show. Hulot meanders through it all with his usual pluck just beyond the reach of the fickle finger of fate.
tt0073864
Drama,Thriller,War
In World War 2, a doctor is weary of the German army in his village and works to fulfill his duties as a doctor to help wounded resistance fighters despite the threat of retribution. As things get worse, he sends his wife and child out to his property, a remote castle, with intentions to follow shortly after and join them. The next act is where Noiret's character arrives in the village nearby his estate and finds the population missing with evidence of something wrong had happened. He soon encounters a German soldier and narrowly avoids death or capture. Suspecting the worst, he finds that his wife and daughter had been murdered by a small Nazi group who are holed up in his castle, while waiting for orders to return the the front. They are brutal as evidenced on how they killed Noiret's family. As he grieves of his loss, he finds that the Nazis are relaxing as much as they can while they wait to return to war, using his home furnishings and belongings to add to their comfort. The rest of the movie is pure vengeance, mixed with flashbacks of his loss, while he methodically takes down each soldier one by one, using hidden passages, secret rooms to hide in and, at one point, uses his old rifle. The Nazis ruthlessly pursue him only to be foiled at a disadvantage of not knowing their surroundings. The war in that area is ending soon, and as Noiret's character finally finishes off the last of the Nazis, the French resistance arrives to find the slaughter that had gone one. Alternate title: Vengeance, One by One.
tt0075144
Comedy
Gaetano Proclo (Jack Weston) is present with his wife's (Kay Ballard) family at her father's deathbed. Her father has never liked his son-in-law and before he dies, asks his son (Jerry Stiller), to kill him. Since theirs is a mob family, Gaetano takes the threat seriously and he runs, asking the cab driver to take him someplace where the Vespucci's will never find him. The cab driver's answer? The Ritz. The Ritz is a typical 70's gay bath house. Here you meet Chris ( F. Murray Abraham), a regular visitor who's on the prowl for the newest and/or hottest guy he can find. Also there's Claude Perkins (Paul B. Price), a chubby-chaser who takes a shine to Gaetano. Unfortunately for Gaetano, the cab driver was in the employ of his in-laws and so he tells them where he went. They send in Michael Brick (Treat Williams) who speaks with a very high voice. Also here is a really bad performer, Googie Gomez (played by the talented Rita Moreno) who is playing the bath houses for now and hoping to hit it big. She vascillates between looking for a producer that she was told would be in the audience (with whom she has a long and uncomfortable history) and decrying the belief of some that she is a drag queen. The result is a grand chase and a lot of laughs in very 70's style.
tt0071585
Drama,Romance
A 60-ish American art collector and former scientist (the Professor) lives beautifully and alone in Rome but his life is radically disrupted when the wife of a rightist industralist, the Marchesa Brumonti, her young lover, Konrad, teen-aged daughter, Lietta and her daughter's boyfriend, Stefano lease the upper apartment of the luxurious palazzo he has inherited from his Italian mother. Against his judgment, the Professor becomes involved in the affairs of these distasteful strangers who begin to hold a strange fascination for him. The Marchesa is beautifully dressed and coiffed, but her behavior is loud and vulgar. Konrad describes a leftist activist past in contrast to his degenerate present which may involve drug dealing. Lietta and Stefano are sexually precocious, and they are all very stylish. They encroach more and more upon the Professor's privacy and thoughts until they become like the family he wants to disown but can't because they are his kin. The Professor's memories of his mother and wife intervene and his art collection and bedside reading hold clues to the violent psycho-drama that ensues. The sumptuous interiors are ravishing.
tt0073133
Crime,Drama,Mystery
LA Police Lt. Phil Gaines (Burt Reynolds) and Nicole Britton (Catherine Deneuve), a high-priced call girl and the lieutenant's girlfriend, have their weekend plans dashed when Gaines receives a call that a dead woman was found on the beach. Before he leaves, the two plan a romantic trip to Rome, Italy. At the police precinct, Gaines and his partner, Sgt. Louis Belgrave (Paul Winfield), meet Marty and Paula Hollinger (Ben Johnson and Eileen Brennan), and ask Marty to view the deceased to see if it is his daughter, Gloria. Upon seeing Gloria's naked lifeless body, Marty punches Gaines in the face, screaming they should have covered her up. Sgt. Belgrave insists they charge Marty with assault, but Gaines apologizes for not covering the girl. Later, Gaines enters an interrogation room to find Belgrave and another police officer beating a confession out of an Albino man (David Estridge). Infuriated by their brutality, Gaines orders the prisoner released and given something to eat. Gaines then learns that Jerry Bellamy (David Spielberg), a murderer he arrested, was paroled after only serving five years of his two life sentences. Gaines goes to his office and stares wistfully at a seven-year old calendar showing the Roman coliseum. That night, Marty Hollinger lies in bed picturing his daughter, Gloria, as she grew from a toddler to teenager. His wife reminds him they "lost" Gloria a long time ago. Meanwhile, Gaines stands on his balcony overlooking Los Angeles, California, while Nicole has phone sex with a client. When Nicole hangs up, she complains her job is getting harder every day. Gaines suggests she quit, but is silent when she asks if he will take care of her. To lighten the mood, Nicole encourages him to reminisce about the love affair he had when he visited Rome. The next day, Belgrave and Gaines brief their boss, Capt. John Santoro (Ernest Borgnine), on the Gloria Hollinger case. Although the girl tested positive for semen, there was no sign of rape. Plus, blood tests indicate that Gloria died of suicide. After learning the girl's father is "a nobody," Santoro tells them to close the file. Meanwhile, Nicole entertains mob attorney, "Kingfish" Leo Sellers (Eddie Albert), on his yacht. Sellers goes ashore to make a telephone call. In Akron, Ohio, his call is answered by a man at a telephone booth. Three men leave a union meeting hall, and are killed when the car explodes. Afterward, the man tells Sellers "it is done", and hangs up. Back in Los Angeles, Gaines removes a picture of Sellers and Gloria Hollinger from the dead girl's wallet. Sgt. Belgrave snatches it from him and gives it to another officer to enlarge it and make additional prints. The Hollingers arrive to collect their daughter's personal effects, and Marty refuses to accept his daughter's death was a suicide. When Gaines tells him the case is closed, Marty threatens to find the killer and take care of him. After Marty leaves, Paula explains he has never been the same after his traumatic experiences in the Korean War and a sympathetic Gaines gives her his business card in case she needs his help. Gaines learns that Jerry Bellamy has killed two women and taken a third hostage while holed up in a downtown factory. When Gaines arrives at the scene, Bellamy threatens to shoot his prisoner unless the police lieutenant comes in alone. Inside, Bellamy orders Gaines to kneel, then, as the killer rants about the evils of women, Belgrave drops from a skylight, distracting the killer. Gaines pulls his gun and kills Bellamy. Later, Gaines and Belgrave are drinking in Gaines's office, when Belgrave insists they investigate Leo Sellers's connection to Gloria's death. He argues that Seller is a mob lawyer, and Gloria was carrying an envelope holding $2,000 in cash and had Sellers's picture in her wallet. Knowing Seller is one of Nicole's clients, a reluctant Gaines agrees. Meanwhile, Marty collects Gloria's things from Gloria's roommate, Peggy Summers (Catherine Bach), who shows him a much larger photograph of Gloria and Sellers. Learning Gloria was a stripper who dated Herbie Dalitz, the emcee at her club, Marty goes to confront Herbie. That night, Gaines confesses he is having trouble accepting Nicole's profession. When he refuses to marry her, she packs to leave him. Gaines slaps her and she hits him in the head with an ashtray. He throws her on the bed, and what starts as a violent kiss turns passionate and they make love. The next morning, a narcotics officer gives Gaines a tape recording of Sellers calling Ohio and the bomb blast that killed the union men. He explains that the telephone booth was "bugged" to catch drug deals, but the tape now belongs to homicide. Later, Gaines and Belgrave respond to a telephone call from Paula Hollinger and go to her home where they find a badly beaten Marty. Marty says Gloria was at a sex party at a home owned by a man named Leo. Gaines agrees to investigate Gloria's death, but only if Marty promises not to take any more chances. Gaines interviews Herbie Dalitz, who admits procuring Gloria for Leo after he saw her in a pornographic movie. When questioned, Leo Sellers admits partying with Gloria, but insists she left his house alive. When Gaines asks if Leo feels any responsibility for the girl's suicide, Leo answers she was screwed up before he met her. Gaines then reveals that police taped his call to Ohio. Leo's only response is to say that he knows Nicole and Gaines are living together and admires that Gaines does not let her profession get in the way of their relationship. Later, Gaines has drinks with Paula Hollinger and learns that Gloria was the result of an affair she had while Marty was in a veteran's hospital being treated for mental illness. Although Marty learned of the affair, he never suspected he was not Gloria's father. The next day, Gaines tells Marty that Gloria committed suicide. When Marty accuses Gaines of being paid off, the lieutenant shows him film of Gloria and Peggy Summers having sex with a man. Marty leaves in tears, goes to Peggy and beats her until she reveals Leo's last name. When he leaves, Peggy calls Belgrave. Carrying a loaded gun, Marty confronts Sellers at his house. Sellers ask why kill him, as there "were a lot of men who led Gloria astray?" Marty replies that he cannot kill everyone and shoots him between the eyes. Gaines and Belgrave arrive to find Leo dead and Marty slumped in a chair. Gaines tries to get Marty to understand the trouble he is, but Marty just repeats that he will have his day in court. After learning Marty bought the gun from a pawnshop without giving his name, Gaines takes the pistol and shoots Marty in the shoulder, then concocts a story that Sellers pulled the gun when Marty confronted him and, in the ensuing struggle, Marty was wounded and Leo killed. Belgrave protests, but Gaines explains that even though Leo did not kill Gloria, he was a murderer and there are times justice is served by "sticking up for the Marty's of the world." Gaines telephones Nicole and tells her to meet him at the airport so they can fly to Sausalito, California, and get married. After hanging up, Gaines walks into a liquor store, where an armed man attempts to rob the place. Gaines intercedes, but he is shot dead. Later, Belgrave finds Nicole at the airport and breaks the news. As they leave, an airplane headed for Rome takes off.
tt0107719
Family,Fantasy,Music
Marie, Fritz, Drosselmeyer's nephew, and the Prince are played by actual pre-teenage children in this production, as are all the other children. However, most of the actual dancing is performed by adults. It is Christmas Eve. A Christmas party is to be held in the home of Town Council President Stahlbaum and his wife. Their young children Marie and Fritz cannot wait to enter the living room and see the Christmas tree for the first time. Finally they are ushered in, all the guests arrive, and the party begins. Suddenly Drosselmeyer, Marie's godfather, enters with his young nephew, who is Marie's age. Drosselmeyer performs several magic tricks and then shows the children the wondrous life-size dancing toys he has brought, including a Harlequin and a Columbine. The toys dance and the children are delighted. Then Drosselmeyer produces a smaller gift, a Nutcracker made in the style of an old man. Marie is enchanted with the toy and claims it as her own, but her bratty brother Fritz snatches the Nutcracker away from her and deliberately breaks it out of jealousy. Marie is heartbroken, but Drosselmeyer comforts her. When Drosselmeyer's nephew brings Marie the doll bed so that she can place her broken Nutcracker in it, it becomes obvious that Marie is deeply touched, and that she and the nephew will become good friends. The party ends with the "Grandfather Waltz". The guests leave and Marie and Fritz go to bed. But Marie cannot sleep. She creeps downstairs, picks up the Nutcracker, and falls asleep with it on the sofa. Marie's mother enters and lovingly covers the girl with a blanket. Then Drosselmeyer appears, but we're never sure if this is a dream or not. He picks up the Nutcracker and repairs it, then he leaves. Marie awakens to see life-size mice invading the living room. The Christmas tree magically grows to giant size, as does the doll bed, and the toys come to life, including the Nutcracker, whom Marie awakens just as one would awaken a sleeping parent. The Nutcracker grabs his sword and joins the battle. He fights a duel with the Mouse King, and just as it seems that he is about to lose, Marie throws her slipper at the Mouse King, killing him, and faints. The dollhouse bed on which Marie has fallen in a faint then begins to move by itself as if by magic. The Nutcracker leaves and the bed finds its way into a snow-covered forest. The Nutcracker returns and suddenly turns into a Prince, who looks just like Drosselmeyer's nephew. He had been turned into a nutcracker by the evil Mouse King, and only by the King's death could the Nutcracker regain his human form. He goes to the dead Mouse King and with his sword cuts the crown off the King's head. Holding the crown, he goes to Marie, awakens her, and places the crown on her head. Hand in hand, the two walk off into the forest. The falling snowflakes now assume human form and come to life. They dance the "Snowflake Waltz". Marie and the Prince appear and walk hand in hand toward a star which resembles the Christmas star, as Act I of the ballet ends. In Act II, Marie and the Prince arrive at the Kingdom of Sweets, ruled by the Sugar Plum Fairy. The Prince explains to her what has happened in pantomime. In honor of Marie's bravery, a series of dances is performed by living candies - the Spanish Dance, the Arabian Dance, the Chinese Dance, the Trepak (Russian Dance), the Dance of the Reed Flutes, the Dance of the Clowns (performed by the giant skirted Mother Ginger and her children), and the Waltz of the Flowers. Then the Sugar Plum Fairy and her Cavalier perform a pas de deux containing the beautiful Adagio. As the festivities end, the Sugar Plum Fairy kisses Marie goodbye, the Prince bows to the Fairy, and he and Marie fly off in a reindeer-drawn sleigh as everyone waves goodbye. It is never explained in this version whether the fantasy events were a dream or not, but we may presume they were real.
tt0076574
Drama
Providence (no spoilers) CLIVE Langham (played by John Gielguld) is an old writer with health problems who still enjoys the gifts of life, as his gusto of his daily white wine. He is a storyteller and he tells us of his family, especially of his sons. He has two sons: one is CLAUDE Langham, the official one, a successful lawyer (played by Dirk Bogarde), the other KEVIN Langham or Kevin Woodford (played by David Warner) his illegitimate son, remembrance of some past relationship he is not sure of. But the way CLIVE, the author, changes several times in his storytelling the behaviors of his siblings makes us gradually suspect they are only characters in his story, the creatures of his writer's imagination, products of his writer's block, his hopes, his hesitations or angst, and finally tells us of the joys, humor and suffering of the whole creating process in writing a novel. Nevertheless CLIVE has to comply to one of the very few rules of dramatic writing which states there is no story without conflicts, and therefore feels compelled to give his characters antagonism, some educated aggressiveness, and the more often than sometimes sex-obsessed image of cynical people entangled in their neurotic denials with uneven bravados on the surface, the whole being spiced with insistence and English humor. In his storytelling, CLIVE acts as master of the world, but when his characters resist his demiurgic wanton caprices and vagaries, he complains they give him a hectic time and he rants it's them who build up his anger against them, so he is the one who has to change them. This is how, sometimes, after being told once, a scene turns out to be only a draft and has to be replayed. So we see it again, as CLIVE finds other behaviors and other dialogs over the same characters predicaments and commitments, that would fit his scheme and his pleasure. The same can happen to a background, a door, a passing extra. They can be altered, displaced, transformed, appear or disappear on sight, as the mood of the characters or of the scene changes, or as CLIVE's whims meddle in. As CLIVE's point of view is preeminent in the storytelling, Alain RESNAIS brilliantly stages CLIVE's complex behavior by using different parts of the house in a different way. The BEDROOM from which CLIVE speaks can be said to be his SELF with both CLIVE's doubts and certainties over his work. The back of the house, its BACK TERRACE, where most of the strange changes occur, is undoubtly his SUBCONSCIOUS, his backstage, subject to CLIVEs fantasy, to his fancies and whims, and logic uncommon. But the FRONT of the house will be back to REALITY and will cloture the story. Other different sets occur as backgrounds but they are inside the story being told and can be modified at will by CLIVE. But then, IN REALITY, his family finally arrives for his birthday, and CLIVE welcomes them on the FRONT lawn for lunch. They are perfectly normal and even quite sympathetic people, getting along with each other, and not the embittered, devious players CLIVE described earlier in his story. Peace at last. After all, this is a secret comedy about life, all in the way it is told - and John Gielguld's best experience as he stated it. ------------- Watch this wonderful movie! -------------
tt0069019
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
In the small Southern Italian village of Accendura, three local boys, Bruno, Michele, and Tonino are engaged in mischief and other activities. Guiseppe Barra (Vito Passeri) a local simpleton and peeping tom, who is seen spying on two rowdy swinging couples, is surprised when which the three boys appear behind him and yell out, "Giuseppe's a big baby!" which goads him into a state of bitter resentment. Meanwhile, in the hills surrounding the village, a reclusive Gypsy witch named La Magiara (Florinda Bolkan), is conducting sinister black magic ceremonies, first by digging up the skeletal remains of an infant, and then plunging pins through the heads of three tiny clay dolls. It makes it clear that these are the three youths taunting Giuseppe. When Michele returns home, his housekeeper mother urges him to deliver some orange juice to their employer, Patrizia (Barbara Bouchet) a young woman from Milan who is laying low in the village after a drug scandal. It becomes apparent that Patrizia offers undefined sexual favors to the local adolescents when she's shown sexually taunting Michele. When Bruno Lo Casio goes missing, a media circus begins as reporters from all over Italy converge on the town. One of them is Andrea Martelli (Tomas Milian) a sharp-witted journalist from Rome whose insights into the case are acknowledged by the regional police commissioner (Virginio Gazzolo) working with the collaboration of the village chief of police Captain Modesti (Ugo D'Alessio). Amid local hysteria, Giuseppe is soon arrested when he's found near the dead body of Bruno. But he protests his innocence for he claims to have only discovered the body of the boy and then phoned the parents in a feeble attempt to extract a pitiful ransom of six million lira. When another dead body of a young boy, that of Tonino is found, the police realize that he really is innocent. A few nights later, during a raging thunderstorm, Michele Spriano, sneaks out of his house to meet with someone he speaks to over the phone, and he too is strangled by an unseen assailant and his body is found the following morning. Martelli soon meets and befriends Patrizia whom he recognizes from newspapers where he used to work in Milan. Patrizia is considered a slut by rest of the insular villagers mainly because of her modern style of dress with halter-tops and mini-skirts. Martelli also meets with the amiable young village priest, Don Alberto Avallone (Marc Poreli) and his strangely reserved mother Aurelia (Irene Papas). Don Alberto runs a boys group at the church (which the murder victims came from) and he also encourages the boys to play soccer on the church grounds to keep them off the streets and out of trouble. Since he is the priest and connected with the powerful Catholic Church (which holds the real power in Italy), he is well known and respected by everyone in the village and surrounding area. But Aurelia is a dour mysterious woman. A villager confides in Martelli that, "she is only tolerated because she is the priest's mother." Elsewhere, Captain Modesti and his aide meet with Francesco (George Wilson), an eccentric old hermit living in a tumbledown stone hut in the hills overlooking the town, who practices black magic and offers charms and potions to the superstitious. He claims to the police that he has passed his knowledge of black magic to his disciple, Magiara, and also shares time with the causal thrill-seeking Patrizia. He is also rumored to have had (and then disposed of) a baby from a tryst with Magiara. Angered by Francesco's unwillingness to co-operate with the investigation, the police proceed to hunt down and arrest Magiara. Under interrogation, the fevered woman gleefully confesses to the murders. However, it transpires to Modesti and the Commissioner that she believes her voodoo dolls and incantations have merely brought about the deaths of the three interfering boys, and she profess to have no interest or awareness of the physical methods used. An alibi provided by a policeman sighting Magiara miles away from the latest murder scene clinchers her legal innocence and she is released the following day. Nonetheless, the hostile and superstitious villagers are not convinced and the so-called "witch" is set upon in a local graveyard by a small mob of men who savagely beat her with heavy chains and then leave her for dead. The bloodied and mortally wounded Magiara drags herself quite a distance to the nearby expressway where she futilely tries to flag down a car, and then dies on the shoulder of the road. The following day, another young boy is found murdered, drowned in a local stream, which further increases police frustration to the case. However, the unsophisticated and religious townspeople are beside themselves with silent fear... continuing to believe that "the witch" is responsible for the killings and she is doing so from beyond the grave with a curse over the whole town. Patrizia herself briefly becomes a suspect when Martelli finds her gold-plated cigarette lighter at the scene of the latest killing and while being interrogated by the police, she refuses to supply an alibi for those nights of each killing. But under the threat of incarnation, she's forced to admit that she traveled outside Accendura to buy marijuana for herself. With little to hold her on, the police let her go as well. Martelli and Patrizia become more determined to track down the killer on their own. During further meetings with Don Alberto, Martelli also learns that Don Alberto's mother has another young child, a six-year-old girl born mentally retarded. Martelli becomes convinced that the little girl is a witness to the killings after seeing that she compulsively pulls the heads off her dolls, as if doing an imitation to the strangulation's. One doll's head, that of Donald Duck, is found near the latest crime scene, which this leap of reason proves accurate. But Martelli and Patrizia wonder: is the killer the priest or his mother? When Aurelia disappears with her daughter, Martelli and Patrizia track her down to a remote shack on a hill overlooking the town and when they arrive, Aurelia is found barely conscious begging them to help her stop her crazy son. It is Don Alberto who is the killer. It turns out that he straggled those young boys not for their sins, but to PREVENT them from committing sin when they grow up, as well as save them from the "horrors of sexuality", thus (in his mind) sending them to heaven with clean souls. In an act contrary to even his sick rationale, he attempts to throw his little sister, a witness to the crimes, off a remote cliff. Martelli arrives in the nick of time, and after a long and climatic fistfight between Martelli and Don Alberto, the twisted priest looses his balance and falls of the cliff to his gruesome death.
tt0114113
Comedy,Romance,Drama
Cuban boat-lift refugees (Carter era) land in Miami, with different goals. The story focuses on relationships that develop under hard circumstances, with long lasting effects. Drama is real, story is clean and not predictable. Character development is adequate, actor list is 1st class. Good writing. Marisa Tomei is incredible, as usual, and her character was the most developed, but a bit predictable at some points. At times, however, it feels as though you are seeing the table of contents version only of a great novel. There was so much talent available, and so much more character development was expected. Could be editing issues. The politics both, national and international were glossed over, and made to seem insignificant, like another day in the park. The boat lift of political prisioners from Cuba, deserved way more development and insight and with the amazing cast, it was an oppurtunity lost. The end of the movie provides a twist but not so strange as to be unbelievable, but again, so much interpersonal drama was available but not included. The acting was excellent considering what the actors were given to develop.
tt0319728
Horror,Thriller
Grand Rapids, Michigan. A radio announces that a serial killer, responsible for the deaths of six teenagers at a holiday camp, has escaped from prison. A waitress closing up an isolated diner hears a noise, steps on a Haloween masked, and is stabbed again and again and Suddenly the face of an English man, Max Parry (Kevin Howarth), appears, declaring The film you borrowed from the video store, I recorded over it I think you'll find this more interesting and what follows is a homemade video of Max in London, murdering people, serving meals for his friends and family, shooting wedding videos for his day job (the best place in the world to meet women), trying to persuade his retiring camera assistant (Mark Stevenson) to take a more participatory rle, lecturing to camera on the moral underpinnings of his way of life, and murdering more people.
tt0376717
Comedy,Crime
National Lampoon's Gold Diggers is a black comedy about two losers in their twenties, Calvin Menhoffer (Will Friedle) and Leonard Smallwood (Chris Owen), who are out to get the good life without working for it. The two young men try to rob two 70-year-old sisters, Betty Mundt (Renee Taylor) and Doris Mundt (Louise Lasser). The two sisters beat the two young men up, and send them to jail. The ladies drop the charges, and invite the jailbirds to their Beverly Hills mansion. Cal gets an idea that they could marry the women for their money and live the good life. Hopefully, they will only live 6-months and at most one-year. It turns out that Betty and Doris are broke, and they have come up with a plan to marry the boys, kill them, and collect the life insurance money. After several unsuccessful murder attempts on each other, they join forces to rob Betty and Doris's rich uncle. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0106660
Drama
After a farewell dinner with his family in New York City, motion picture director Eddie Israel (Harvey Keitel) travels to Hollywood, California, to rehearse with actors Sarah Jennings (Madonna) and Francis "Frank" Burns (James Russo) on 'Mother of Mirrors', a film depicting the tumultuous marriage between a once successful breadwinner named "Russell," (played by Frank) and his newly religious wife, "Claire," (played by Sarah) who begins to reject their heavy drug habits and unconventional sex life. As tension mounts between the characters onscreen, Eddie begins an affair with Sarah and encourages Frank to use his struggle with drug addiction to better immerse himself in the role. While filming a difficult rape scene, Sarah reveals that Frank used his method acting approach to justify an attempted assault off-screen. One day, Eddie's adoring wife, Madlyn (Nancy Ferrara), unexpectedly arrives on location with their young son, Tommy. Madlyn quickly notices that Eddie is distracted, but is forced to return home when her father dies of a heart attack. Eddie remains in Los Angeles to complete a scene, using increasingly abusive methods to push Sarah into delivering a strong performance. Afterward, Eddie catches a red-eye flight in time to attend his father-in-law's funeral. In New York, Eddie confesses to a long-time string of infidelities, and Madlyn scorns him for the poor example he has set for their son. Distraught, Eddie returns to Los Angeles and overdoses on drugs and alcohol (his fate is unknown). Meanwhile in the final scene, Frank becomes consumed by his character's rage and drunkenly shoots Sarah in the head... killing her.
tt0322700
Drama,Mystery
But with fame and fortune comes sometimes unwanted attention. Convinced that the chance encounters that he has been having with fans are not all coincidental, he looks to his bodyguard and a video store clerk for help.
tt0100491
Comedy,Drama
Stevie (Robert Carlyle), a young Glaswegian just out of Barlinnie prison, comes down to London and gets a job on a building site -- a melting pot of itinerant labourers from all over the country -- where he has to contend with Mick the bossy ganger trying but usually failing to control his workers; three hilarious scousers, Shem, Mo and Larry (Ricky Tomlinson); and the other lads as they duck and dive through the rules and regulations of the building trade. In addition, Stevie has other problems to contend with: the wages are low, the site teems with rats, he has nowhere to sleep, and life in London isn't easy. One day on his way to work, Stevie finds a handbag in a skip. He returns it to its owner, Susan, a no-talent singer plagued by depression and neediness. As Stevie and Susan learn to live with the ups and downs of life on the edge, Riff-Raff builds a portrait, often funny, of life as it is lived in the margins. Ken Loach's camera follows the workers unobtrusively as they relax in the squats and pubs, revealing, in their gallows humour, the fatalism of those who feel they've been forgotten by the society they inhabit. An absolute classic, bittersweet comedy/drama from director Ken Loach whose political content is still as relevant now as it was in the Thatcher era. The music for the film is scored by Stewart Copeland of the Police.
tt0097662
Action,Crime,Drama
Jack Andrews (Val Kilmer) is a seedy low-rent private detective barely staying above ground, and in debt to Reno loan sharks. Fay Forrester (Joanne Whalley) and Vince Miller (Michael Madsen) drive up to a couple of crime gambling delivery thugs and steal a suit case full of $800,000 dollars, an amount that Vince thought would be a lot lower. Vince tell Fay that they need to leave the state because for such a large amount the gangsters will surely track them down, but Fay wants to go to Vegas, so she slugs Vince over the head and steals the money. When Fay approaches Jack with a request to help her fake her own death so that her abusive ex-husband cant find her, Jack is both eager for the work but is attracted to the woman apparently in trouble. Jack manages a feasible scheme by obtaining blood and staging a seeming murder in Fays motel room. When Jack returns to get paid he discovers that Fay has left town, and the Police are eager to know from him all the details of the murder. Jack catches up to Fay just as the crooks do and they escape and have a moment of real affection, but realize that the police are tracking them down. Fay suggests that Jack create a fake death for the both of them just as he did before, so they bury the cash in the desert and go into action. Vince however has tracked them down as Fay and Jack attempt to retrieve the money. The plan to escape faces additional challenges as Jack realizes his fate.
tt0105107
Drama
May-Alice Culhane (Mary McDonnell), a soap opera actress, is injured in a Manhattan street accident which leaves her paralyzed from the waist down. Bitter and self-pitying, she returns to her long-empty Louisiana home. There she spends her days and nights lying on a couch, watching TV and drinking wine. She runs through several live-in nurses, none of whom she gets along with. Finally the agency sends a new nurse, sullen and cold Chantelle (Alfre Woodard). Chantelle soon makes it clear she won't put up with May-Alice's drinking and laziness, and they have frequent arguments. Through all this a series of visitors to the house provide insights into May-Alice's life, while May-Alice learns from a vaguely menacing stranger that Chantelle is a recovering cocaine addict. May-Alice and Chantelle finally begin to warm to each other. May-Alice quits drinking, follows Chantelle's physical therapy regime, and takes up photography. Chantelle begins an affair with a local horse trainer, while May-Alice enjoys the increasing attentions of a married handyman she knew as a teenager. Eventually May-Alice finds out that Chantelle has a young daughter, Denita, who lives in Chicago with her legal guardian, Chantelle's father. He brings Denita down for a visit and, happy with Chantelle's progress, says he will send Denita down for the summer if Chantelle shows she can stick with the job. May-Alice, in the meantime, has been offered her New York job back, but the role is an insulting exploitation of her disability, and she turns it down. In the end, Chantelle and May-Alice decide they need each other more than they realized, and agree to continue their living arrangement.
tt0095274
Drama,Romance
In the 1930s at the estate Hetton Abbey, a relic of Victorian Gothic architecture, a very upstanding Brit Tony Last (James Wilby) maintains the traditional image of his class and heritage by his marriage to wife Brenda Last (Kristin Scott Thomas) and their son John. When one of his lower-class friends John Beaver (Rupert Graves) invites himself for the weekend, Tony and Brenda put on a good face and accept him as he is well-connected, albeit without real wealth. Beaver is a mammas boy and his mom Mrs. Beaver (Judi Dench), who makes money in real estate rentals, sees Brenda Last as a positive revenue stream. Beaver and Brenda begin an affair with clueless Tony paying for an apartment in the city that Mrs. Beaver rents to the adulterous wife. When son John is accidentally killed, Brenda asks for a divorce, and chivalrous Tony, attempting to prevent Brenda from the shame of the legal actions, makes plans with private detectives to be caught with another woman so Brenda can have proper legal grounds to proceed. When Brendas lawyer comes forward to ask for 40 times the initial settlement, Tony realizes he will have to sell Hetton Abbey, something he is not willing to do. Tony calls off the divorce, leaving Brenda with nothing and heads to Brazil on a scientific expedition, but falls ill and is saved by an old jungle recluse named Mr. Todd (Alec Guinness) who agrees to nurse Tony back to health on the condition that the displaced English gentleman read the entire canon of Dickens to him.
tt0098073
Adventure,Comedy,Crime
Penn & Teller (playing themselves) appear on a local New York television show called 'Weekend Live' where they perform one of their famous upside-down gags. Penn & Teller are the so-called "bad boys of magic" where they perform shock and gore illusion tricks for recongition. Teller never talks, while Penn never stops talking. When the gag is over, Penn jokingly comments to the TV host that he wishes someone were trying to kill him. Teller again shows off another shock gag when he "slices" Penn's throat on the air with a trick knife complete with splirting blood. Carlotta, Penn & Teller's booking agent and manager, watches the show with her ususal frustration at the guys attempts to show off. Soon after, the two magicians are off to a scheduled show in Atlantic City. At the airport, a religious zealot confronts the aethiest Penn about his comments from the television show the night before and produces a fake gun. Teller and Carlotta play a prank on Penn while going through security when Teller keeps planting a steel ball in one of Penn's coat pockes which makes him cause a scene with the security guards. Afterwords, Penn gets back at Teller by planting a toy gun on him while at the airport and having him detained by security. Penn, Teller, and Carlotta arrive in Philadelphia and take a van to Atlantic City where they check into the Trump Hotel and begin their first show that very night, with the final illusion being Teller strapped to a table and being "drilled to death" by overhead power drills. While having dinner with Carlotta at the hotel's restaurant, she tells Penn about her wealthy Uncle Ernesto who is dying from a tumor. After Penn and Teller expose fraudulent psychic surgery to Uncle Ernesto by performing their "abdomal tumor removal" gag, they are kidnapped the next day while at the beach by a group of angry Filipinos wishing revenge for damaging their reputation. Penn and Teller are taken to a warehouse where Penn tries to stall for time while Teller tries cutting through his restraints. Immediately before being brutally tortured, the situation is revealed to Penn as a birthday prank played by Teller, Carlotta and Uncle Ernesto. Soon after, while leaving the theater from their nightly performance, someone opens fire on Penn, shooting him in the arm. Teller is accused of hiring an assassin as a joke, but as time goes on it becomes clear that Teller is not part of the joke. Teller chases a man who looks very much like Penn, but the mysterious shooter gets away. Penn and Teller hide out in a sleazy Atlantic City motel where one day they are visited by certain Officer Celia MacNamara who vows to keep Penn safe from snipers. Officer MacNamara takes Penn and Teller away from their seedy motel room to hide out on a boat docked at the marina. Penn however sends Teller away to presumably spend some alone time with the female police officer. A dejected Teller wonders around Atlantic City alone. He goes to a theater and watches a collection of the Three Stooges best comic segments. He spots the mysterious stalker who shot Penn earlier and attempts to follow him, but the stalker gets away again. Teller then purchases a gun at a local pawn shop for defense against Teller. While walking under the AC boardwalk, Teller gets mugged by two street gang members, but does not use the gun, instead hoping to find the man stalking Penn. Teller returns to the boat the next morning where Officer MacNamara announces that a nameless villain, a supposed vehement Penn & Teller fan (David Patrick Kelly) who dresses and acts like Penn, has been arrested. Penn and Teller get to tour his bizarre apartment which has been turned Penn & Teller shrine. Teller innocuously disposes of his gun in a trashcan of the apartment. Shortly after MacNamara departs, Penn is stabbed in the stomach by an assailant on the street. Penn rushes off to hospital where, once Teller is out of sight, he appears perfectly fine. Teller proceeds to pursue the would-be assassin in a peculiar chase scene back to the apartment. The madman, dressed as Penn, forces Teller to enact a Penn & Teller routine with him, hanging in gravity boots in front of a camera. He then uses duct tape to secure the hapless Teller to the gravity boot rig. Officer MacNamara returns and reveals that she and the assasin have been working together to kill both Penn and Teller. The assassin leaves the apartment to finish off Penn while the dirty police woman stays behind to look after the captive Teller. MacNamara confesses to Teller her contempt of Penn & Teller. The confused Teller is able to grab the gun from the wastebasket and threatens MacNamara with it as the real Penn walks into the apartment. Teller shoots and kills him with one shot. MacNamara laughs, thinking that it's a new joke. She then reveals herself as Carlotta complete with a fake wig, teeth, and contact lenses. The implications of what have just happened suddenly catch up with them: The whole event of the stalker had been a joke on Teller who turned everything around on the players. Speaking for the first time, Teller immediately thinks they switched the gun for a replica, but then realizes that he just shot his partner. Teller turns the gun on himself. Carlotta, stricken with grief, throws herself out the window. Upon returning to his apartment and finding everyone dead, the "hired assassin" shoots himself. Two police officers, responding to reports of shots from one of the apartments enter and unable to stand the sight, shoot themselves. Others who come into the apartment and find the carnage shoot themselves. The film ends with a pull-out from the apartment building with a view of Atlantic City, as more gunshots fire in the distance, while the Bee Gees song "I Started a Joke" plays in the background.
tt0104892
Comedy,Drama
Late one night as former filmmaker Marvin Landisman (Robert Wuhl) is watching his own personal 16mm copy of Jean Renoir's Grand Illusions, he gets a call from film producer Jack Roth (Martin Landau) who believe he may be able to get funding to make the film of the script Marvin had sent him years ago called "The Darkness and the Light". Marvin, who is producing instructional videos, is apprehensive as he has gone cold on the film biz after a tragedy occurred on one of his films years ago when lead actor Warren Zell (Christopher Walken) committed suicide on-camera bringing an abrupt halt to Marvin's career. Roth was formerly an exec at Universal and claims he can get the script made and can attach Marvin as director. Marvin agrees to take a meeting and Roth brings with him a young enthusiastic writer Stuart Stratland (Jace Alexander) to do some script doctoring. The trio begins meeting with potential backers and discover that each has his own ideas for the movie, and each has a girlfriend' they want cast in the movie. Marvin attempts to stay true to his story, that of a downtrodden painter who kills himself rather than compromise, but like his own hero character, Marvin begins to realize that his film can get made if he is willing to compromise.
tt0104812
Adventure,Drama,Romance
This 1993 film is a love story about a young eskimo boy, Jason Scott Lee, and a metisse (French for half breed) girl, Anne Parillaud, set in Arctic Canada. The story begins pre WWII with the main characters as children and the beginning of their love, continues through WWII with their love truly and fully blossoming, and ends sometime after the war with the eskimo boy, now an old alcoholic man meeting a young woman. What sets this apart from most love stories is how it ends, rather how it doesn't end. It doesn't end with your typical "and they lived happily ever after" finale. SPOILER ALERT: don't read on if you haven't yet seen it. It finishes with love at the final end being unfulfilled, never really resolved. Although I'll have to say that there is a parallel ending - probably insisted upon by the producers - that shows the audience what it would've been liked had everything worked out. That scene notwithstanding, the story unfolds quite innocently, midway becomes joyful as the two young people, the boy and the girl now a young man and young woman in their prime of their life, consumate the relationship that was always meant to be although there is an outside force which threatens and ultimately thwarts their "happy ever after" scenario. Toward the end, the film turns a bit depressing, the story showing us how disappointing things turned out. The young woman, the alcoholic old man meets, is very special in his life (not a love interest) and the timing of his meeting with her makes it all more tragic. Although other reviewers thought this film corny I credit it for being closer to life than a lot of other Hollywood big budget movies. Things didn't work out - how many times has that happened in our own personal lives? This of course with the tacked on alternative pseudo ending aside. It's a long film but well worth the sit. Don't expect to leave it uplifted but moved. Beautiful cinematography and well paced direction. The scenes of the polar animals and night bombings of Germany are quite compelling. The love scene on the blimp will stay forever in one's mind. Out of 5 stars I'd give it a 4 simply because it did get slow at times and because of the phony happy ending toward the end. Cameo appearances from John Cusack and Jeanne Moreau.
tt0091934
Adventure,Comedy,Crime
In 1938 Shanghai, China, during the Japanese occupation, British Salvation Army missionaries, Mr. Burns (Michael Aldridge) and Gloria Tatlock (Madonna), enlist the aid of Glendon Wasey (Sean Penn), an American traveling salesman who speaks fluent Chinese, to help them find Wu Ch'En She, the father of a wounded soldier. Gloria Tatlock is not impressed with Glendon's sloppy appearance, salty language, and dependence on alcohol, but he knows the local customs. However, when Glendon makes inquiries, a mob of Chinese men react with hostility. Glendon and Gloria are chased by a European gentleman named Justin Kronk (Philip Sayer), but they flee in twin rickshaws. Kronk claims that he can help find Wu Ch'En She, who is known to owe many gambling debts. For a fee, Kronk takes them to Ho Chong (Victor Wong), a friend in the insurance business, who knows Wu Ch'En She's whereabouts. Ho Chong accepts bribes from Glendon and Gloria, then leads them onto a fishing vessel, pushes them into a watery cargo hold filled with live fish, and disappears. As Glendon washes himself off at the communal baths, Justin Kronk tells him that Wu Ch'En She has no sons, and the fish was a message from the Red Society. Glendon confronts Gloria, and she admits that he might not have agreed to help if he knew the truth. Gloria desperately needs morphine to administer to wounded soldiers and wants to buy back some of the opium Wu Ch'En She stole from his boss, opium king Walter Faraday. Glendon knows that Faraday was murdered by local criminals, and does not want to get involved. However, Gloria reminds him that Mr. Burns is storing Glendon's supply of glow-in-the-dark neckties, and they walk to the mission. Mr. Burns apologizes for Glendon's misadventures, hands him a one-way ticket to Los Angeles, California, and cash to buy some new clothes. Gloria invites Glendon to a duck dinner before he leaves. They barely sit down when Justin Kronk asks to join them, and Gloria introduces journalist Willie Tuttle (Richard Griffins), a known expert on the dealings of Walter Faraday. Willie recounts how he was with Faraday on the night he died, and saw five crates of premium opium. Willie offers to arrange a meeting between Glendon and Faraday's concubine, "China Doll." Glendon agrees to go, then changes his mind, but when Gloria threatens to rip up his ticket to Los Angeles, he is forced to reconsider. After a night of lovemaking with China Doll, Glendon returns to his hotel room, where Gloria is eager to know what he learned about Faraday. When she discovers that his encounter has yielded no information, she orders him to return to China Doll. Justin Kronk has been eavesdropping and offers Glendon valuable information for a price. Instead, Glendon leaves Gloria, but is kidnapped by gangsters dressed as police. A corrupt police officer, Mei Gan (Kay Tong Kim), is eager to get his hands on Faraday's thousand pounds of opium, and tortures Glendon for information. When Glendon wakes up in his hotel room. Gloria wants him to return to China Doll, then notices the torture marks on his body and cleans his wounds. When Glendon refuses to see China Doll again, Gloria undresses, climbs into bed, and seduces him. Afterward, Gloria is wracked with guilt, cries, and releases Glendon from his obligation. However, he confesses that China Doll arranged for Wu Ch'En She to sell the stolen opium to a business tycoon named Joe Go after Wu Ch'En She saved China Doll from rival gangsters. Upon meeting with Joe Go, Gloria and Glendon learn that someone switched the crates of opium for common building bricks and a small ball of opium. Based on China Doll's recommendation, and their mutual love of American baseball, Joe Go agrees to put Glendon and Gloria in touch with Wu Ch'En She. When they find Wu Ch'En She, he supplies them with a clue about the last Phoenix. As Gloria and Glendon ask journalist Willie Tuttle about the significance of The Phoenix, Justin Kronk interrupts and, once again, announces that he has information for a price. Glendon and Gloria are annoyed by his arrogance and leave, only to be questioned by Joe Go, who claims the clue makes no sense and leaves. Gloria and Glendon part, but back at the hotel, Willie and Kronk reveal that Mei Gan is a grave robber who plundered China Doll's illustrious family vault. Faraday recovered China Doll's family treasures, setting up Mei Gan's desire for revenge. Soon, China Doll gives Gloria and Glendon precious jewels they can use to purchase opium. Although Joe Go tries to rescue them, Mei Gan and his men chase Gloria and Glendon until they are trapped at the waterfront. An officer confiscates Glendon's money belt, and searches all the compartments looking for the jewels, but finds nothing. When he hands the belt to Mei Gan, a delayed timer sets off an explosive that kills the corrupt officer. Joe Go remarks that it is a shame the jewels were destroyed but Glendon claims that they are safe. He retrieves them from a hiding place in a rowboat tied to the dock. Before Gloria can rejoice, Joe Go steals them and runs away. Gloria and Glendon chase after him, and knock his bodyguard unconscious. Gloria kicks Joe Go in the groin and reclaims the gems. When they return to the mission with their treasure, Mr. Burns is thrilled. However, Willie and Kronk appear and demand the jewels. With a few strategic moves, Faraday, who has been disguised as Mr. Burns, parts Willie from his gun and sends the would-be thieves tumbling down stairs. Faraday explains that he was rescued from death by a fisherman's net, recuperated for a year in Osaka, Japan, and plotted his return. He needed help to recover the jewels after China Doll refused to return them, and picked Glendon because he resembled China Doll's former lover. Walter Faraday points a gun and demands that Glendon hand over the ticket to Los Angeles. Before he escapes, Faraday imprisons Gloria and Glendon in separate wicker trunks. Gloria and Glendon thrust themselves down the staircase, and are set free by the real Mr. Burns, who has just returned from Peking, China. They find Faraday aboard a ship, and intend to reclaim the jewels, but Faraday announces the gems are fakes, and China Doll has tricked them all. Faraday offers to share his cabin so that they can return to America. However, Gloria decides to stay in Shanghai, while Faraday boasts that he will make Glendon rich. Glendon decides that his future is with Gloria. He orders a crewman to return Faraday's three wicker trunks to the dock. As the ship sails away, Glendon reunites with Gloria, while Faraday waves and stomps furiously on deck once he discovers his trunks are missing. On the dock, Glendon opens a wicker trunk and discovers opium hidden beneath his supply of glow-in-the-dark neckties.
tt0104321
Drama,Romance
In the rural desert town of Laramie, New Mexico, 16-year-old "Shade" Evans (Fairuza Balk) spends her free time at the local movie house, obsessed with melodramatic Mexican romances starring her favorite actress, Elvia Rivero. One day after a matine, Shade meets her 18-year-old sister, Trudi (Ione Skye) , at the diner where their divorced mother, Nora (Brooke Adams), works. Nora sighs as Trudi insults the busboy by calling him a "wetback" after he accidentally spills her drink on their table while serving Trudi and Shade. When the busboy quits in protest, Shade, embarrassed by Trudi's racist behavior, announces that she does not like diner food and storms out. That night, Shade contemplates Nora's numerous failed relationships. Inspired by an Elvia Rivero movie, the adolescent girl decides to play matchmaker. However, as much as Shade would like to "find a man" for her mom, she remains curious about her biological father, John Evans. She telephones him, but hangs up as soon as he answers. Nora returns from a late shift, dismayed to see Trudi's empty bed. At 2:30 a.m., Trudi sneaks back, and Nora chastises her daughter for behaving irresponsibly. Shade covers her ears in an attempt to block out the argument. The next day, Trudi takes a job waitressing at the diner, intent on making enough money to move out. Shade goes to the movie theater to watch another Spanish-language Elvia Rivero picture, but in the middle of the movie, the screen goes blank. Shade wanders to the projection room, surprised to see Javier (Jacob Vargas), the busboy from the diner, now working as projectionist. He makes a biting remark about Trudi's racist behavior at the diner, but Shade retorts that he should focus on his new job, rather than hold a grudge against her sister. Javier laughs, charmed by Shade's fiery spirit. That night, Nora fends off the romantic advances of Raymond (Chris Mulkey), a local man with whom she had an affair years earlier. She returns his passionate kiss, but warns him that she has no intention of getting involved with a married man. Elsewhere in Laramie, Shade hangs out with her moody friend, Darius (Donovan Leitch). Her eyes widen as he interprets the lyrics to an Olivia Newton-John song. Meanwhile, Trudi sits alone in the diner after being rejected by the boy she has been dating. Her sniffling draws the attention of an English geologist named Dank (Robert Knepper), who offers to give her a ride home. En route, she makes scornful remarks about men, unaware that Dank finds her tirade amusing. The next day at the laundromat, Shade borrows change from a man named John (James Brolin), oblivious to his sidelong glances at Nora. Later that evening, Trudi joins Dank as he explores desert caves looking for phosphorescent rocks. After an intimate evening together where Trudi and Dank have sex in the cave, she confides she was gang raped the first time she had sex a few years ago. Afraid to report the crime, she decided to take a carefree attitude toward sex, becoming involved with any boy who showed interest. Trudi confesses that she never had a meaningful sexual experience until she met Dank. Later, the geologist announces that he needs to leave town for a few days. He assures the suspicious Trudi that she is special to him. When Trudi returns home the next morning, she and Nora get into another argument over Trudi staying out all night again. As Nora storms away, Hamlet Humphrey (David Lansbury), the local satellite dish installer, offers to listen to her problems, but she dismisses him. Meanwhile, Shade tells Trudi about her friend Darius, uncertain if she should reciprocate his "crush" on her. When Trudi advises making a bold move, Shade dresses up like Olivia Newton-John and attempts to seduce Darius, but he reveals that he is not attracted to her (implying he might be gay). Feeling foolish, Shade leaves and runs into Javier, who teases her about her appearance. That night, Shade arranges a blind date between Nora and Raymond. The two adults do not let on that they know each other, and struggle to keep from laughing during the awkward dinner. The teenager goes to bed disappointed in her day. A few weeks later, Trudi realizes that Dank is not coming back when he has not called or wrote to her. Then another week later, Trudi learns that learns that she is pregnant from her one-time sexual encounter with Dank at the cave. When Nora advises Trudi to get an abortion, she becomes outraged by her mother's insensitivity. Trudi decides to move to Dallas, Texas, and give the baby up for adoption. Sometime later, in an attempt to cheer up Shade, Nora suggests they get cable television. Hamlet Humphrey comes over to talk about the installation, but Nora changes her mind when she hears what it will cost. He flirts with her, and they make love. Meanwhile, Shade attends a party at her friend Tanya's (Julie Condra) house. A disc jockey musician visiting from Los Angeles, California, pressures Tanya to make out with him. Shade breaks up the tryst, but the boy and his friends refuse to leave. Meanwhile, the man from the laundromat drives past and notices the altercation. He stops and threatens the musicians, before offering to escort Shade home. On the way, he reveals that he is John Evans, her father. Shade is stunned, and in the morning confronts Nora with the news. A few days later, Shade locates her father at his house outside of town, and asks for money. The request provokes an outburst from John's girl friend, and Shade leaves, embarrassed. John follows and presses a roll of cash into her hand. Shade stops by Javier's house, curious to meet his family. Javier welcomes her with a few good-natured jokes, and later whispers passionately in her ear in Spanish. They kiss. In the ensuing weeks, Shade and Javier spend long afternoons together in the desert. As the teenagers fall in love, so do Nora and Hamlet. Shade is unimpressed with her mother's boyfriend until he reveals an admiration for Elvia Rivero. Several months later, Nora, Hamlet, and Shade go to Dallas to support Trudi through the delivery of her baby. Shade wants her sister to return to Laramie, but Trudi says she is looking forward to starting a new life in Dallas. Driving home, Shade notices a roadside business selling phosphorescent rocks. She asks Hamlet to drop her off and leave her while he and Nora drive back to Laramie. Confronting the vendors, Shade learns that they acquired the rocks from Dank, who died in a mine cave-in months earlier while collecting specimens. In the final scene, Shade walks back to Laramie through the desert, reflecting on the relationships between lovers, mothers, and daughters. Shade realizes that Dank always loved Trudi and vows to eventually tell her the truth of what happened to him someday.
tt0088961
Horror,Sci-Fi
In the film's prologue, two geological researchers for the American multinational corporation NTI, named Ted and Howard, encounter an ancient alien laboratory on Titan, the largest moon of Saturn. In the lab is an egg-like container which is keeping an alien creature alive. The creature emerges and kills Ted. Two months later, the geologists' spaceship, piloted by Howard, crashes into the space station Concorde in orbit around Earth's moon destroying himself and most of the space station. One year later, NTI dispatches a new ship, the Shenandoah, to Titan. Its crew, consisting of Captain Mike Davison (Stan Ivar), Susan Delambre (Marie Laurin), Jon Fennel (Robert Jaffe), Dr. Wendy H. Oliver (Annette McCarthy), David Perkins (Lyman Ward) and Beth Sladen (Wendy Schaal), is accompanied by the taciturn security officer Melanie Bryce (Diane Salinger). While in orbit, the crew locate a signal coming from the moon the distress call of a ship from the rival German multinational Richter Dynamics. Their own landing turns disastrous when the ground collapses beneath their landing site, dropping the ship into a cavern and wrecking it. When radio communication fails, a search party is sent out to contact the Germans. In the German ship, they find one of the containers from the prologue breached, as well as the dead bodies of the crew. The creature appears and kills Delambre when she lags behind the escaping group. Fennel enters a state of shock at the sight and Bryce sedates him. When they return to their own ship, the Americans find that one of the Germans, Hans Rudy Hofner (Klaus Kinski), has snuck aboard. He tells them how his crew was slain by the creature, which was buried with other organisms as part of a galactic menagerie. He proposes returning to his ship to get some explosives, but the crew are unwilling to risk it. It becomes apparent that the creature's undead victims are controlled by the creature through parasites. Unsupervised in the medbay, Fennel sees the undead Delambre through a porthole and follows her outside. She strips naked, and he stands transfixed while she removes his helmet. He asphyxiates, and then she attaches an alien parasite to his head. Now under alien control, Fennel sends a transmission to his crew mates, inviting them over to the German ship. Hofner and Bryce are sent to get some air tanks for the Shenandoah and stand guard over it, while the rest of the crew go over to the Richter ship. Hofner and Bryce stop over at the menagerie on their way, and are attacked by Delambre, who has had a parasite attached earlier. The rest of the crew go over to the Richter ship, and find Fennel with a bandage on his head to conceal his parasite. Davison insists that medical officer Oliver examine his head, so Fennel has her accompany him to the engineering quarters to feed her to the creature. Davison and Perkins notice Fennel doesn't sweat and go check on them. They are too late to rescue Oliver, who is decapitated by the creature, but Perkins blows up Fennel's head with his pistol. Soon afterwards, Sladen runs into an infected Hofner. She escapes the ship, and in her haste, only puts on her helmet after exiting. Perkins spots her outside and opens the airlock. Now unconscious, Sladen is carried in by Hofner to lure the others. They fight, and Davison manages to defeat Hofner by ripping off his parasite. The three survivors formulate a plan to electrocute the creature with the ship's fusion modules, which can only be accessed by going through the engineering quarters. Alarms suddenly sound as a creature makes its way through the ship, committing sabotage. Sladen and Davison go through engineering to construct an electrocution trap, while Perkins goes to the computer room to monitor the creature. Sladen finishes rigging the trap just in time for the creature's arrival, and they apparently electrocute it to death. However, when Davison leaves, it captures Sladen. Davison and Perkins follow her screaming and find her locked inside engineering. Studying the ship's blueprints, they find another entrance to engineering and sends Perkins to lure away the creature while Davison retrieves Sladen. On the way, Perkins locates one of the bombs Hofner had mentioned, just before the creature jumps him. Dying, Perkins manages to attach the bomb to the creature and set off the countdown so Davison can jettison it through the airlock. The creature climbs back aboard, however, so Davison tackles it, throwing himself out the airlock in the process. When the bomb fails to explode, Bryce (whom they thought was dead) appears and shoots it, which sets it off and kills the creature. She recovers Davison and dresses his wounds. The three survivors of Davison, Sladen, and Bryce finally launch the ship to return to Earth.
tt0093828
Action,Comedy,Sci-Fi
This is a fully detailed synopsis which does contains spoilers. The movie opens with a secret U.S Agent walking through a forest holding a map and a glass of water. He is shot and the government thinks it was an inside job and without the agent to meet the requirements, the person with the package the government wants will be out of their reach. This is because the person who was shot is the only one who they will trust. The captain says there is only one other man who can help but they don't like him because he is a loose cannon. The action cuts to a market where the man that they are speaking about Nick Pirandello is in working on the fish stall. During his undercover work, he spies a rival agent who he chases after and traps him in truck. The rival agent is impressed that Pirandello has caught him trying to flatter Pirandello to let him go. Pirandello doesn't fall for this and tricks the agent by saying he has swallowed a poison pill and he'll be dead in 2 mins if he doesn't tell Pirandello where the stolen map is. The agent finally cracks and tells him that the map is at the room 505 at the Highway Hotel. Pirandello then walks and the agent begs him for the antidote. Pirandello shouts back that the agent didn't swallow a pill at all, what he did swallow was a button from his shirt before punching him unconscious. While Pirandello is in the room at the hotel, the KGB pull up outside the room armed with shotguns. Pirandello finds the map in an alarm clock. Pirandello manages to evade the murderous KGB by using his shoelaces to make a crude version of a rope to swing from the fire escape and through another window. A KGB agent kicks down a door and sees a man and woman having sex. The man cannot be seen as he is under the covers. It turns out to be Pirandello who turns around and shoots the KGB agent through the shoulder. Pirandello finally gets the map to his captain named Cunard but it is intercepted at the last moment by an assistant of the captain who throws it out of the window and it gets picked up by another rival agent. The assistant briefly says that he is with the other side before being carried away. Once he has gone, Pirandello tells captain Cunard that the mole didn't just throw the map out of the window but a note saying to the rival agents to give themselves up. Cunard tells Pirandello that a look-alike of the original agent who was shot in the forest is sought after. They want the look-alike to pretend to be the dead agent and make the exchange in the forest like what was supposed to be done originally. Cunard says to Pirandello that his job is to convince the look-alike to accept the mission. A job that isn't going to be so easy. The look-alike is named Bob Wilson. Wilson is driving his car and nearly collides with a passing milk truck. The milkman gives Wilson a sly wink and drives off. Wilson pulls into his garage, gets out of his car and set a bunch of ducks/ swans on the lawn back to their rightful places. He walks in the house to find himself confronted by his wife and children. His wife tells him that their daughter and son have been bullied. The daughter has had foul abuse screamed at her and the boy has had his bike stolen. Wilson goes down to the place where his son's bike is supposed to be and finds a group of delinquents spray painting it. One of the youths says to Wilson that the bike is going to be sold on at a profit and if Wilson is prepared to pay for it, then he can have it. Wilson asks to inspect the bike as it says a unique serial number on it that will determine whether or not that is, in fact, his son's bike. The youth confronts him as do the rest of the gang. He tells Wilson to give him $250 and he can have the bike. Wilson tries to take the bike and is hit in the face by one of the gang whose name is Oaf with his elbow. The leader Buddy asks Wilson if he wants a hand, after which Buddy steps on Wilsons foot and pushes him over into an empty box filled with Styrofoam. He returns a broken man and falls asleep on the sofa in his house. The white noise from his TV wakes him up and he pulls himself from the sofa. He hears a noise in his house. He thinks it's a burglar. He goes into his garage and picks up a rake. Seeing a light on the other side of the door, he bursts in and flails around with the rake, knocking things over as he searches the cupboards. Pirandello eventually makes himself known and tells Wilson that he needs his help. Wilson waits until Pirandello turns his back to him before trying to hit him with the rake. He fails however when he can't pull it out and falls to the floor. Pirandello turns around and gives him his gun to prove that he can trust him. Wilson takes the gun and tries to shoot Pirandello again while his back is turned but Pirandello is no fool. He made sure that the bullets were not in the gun when he gave it to Wilson. Pirandello then playfully threatens Wilson with his own loaded gun. He tells him that the house is surrounded by men wanting to kill Wilson. Pirandello says that they have to be in Washington by 8.00am on Monday as time is of the essence. Wilson says he doesn't want to go. By now Pirandello is getting enraged with Wilson, wondering why he won't go. Wilson says he has a lot of work to do and that his boss won't let him go. Pirandello tells him that he will square it away with Wilson's boss when he returns from the little trip. Pirandello makes a nail gun from some items in Wilsons garage before both he and Wilson sprint outside to cover after taking out the guy with the machine gun hiding up a tree. Pirandello tells Wilson not to worry about his family as he has already left them safely with the neighbours. The rest of the men shoot and destroy Wilson's beloved ornamental ducks which Wilson is furious about. One of the men shoots at Wilson with a rocket launcher, luckily it misses Wilson and makes a large hole in his garage. The man then repeats the shot several more times and completely misses Wilson. However he does not miss the house and the rockets proceed to blow it up. Having had enough of the shooting, Wilson screams to the men that he isn't with Pirandello. They don't care about his pleas and continue to shoot at Wilson. Wilson runs away and is clotheslined at an agent, knocking him to the ground. The agent is then shot by another pair of rival agents over the road upon a roof. Pirandello manages to scare off the other rogue agents and picks up Wilson from the ground. Wilson is having difficulty speaking as the agent smacked him in his throat. Pirandello tells him that he was brave drawing the other agents' fire. He leads him into another house. Pirandello helps himself to a snack and finds 3 day old milk in the fridge. Pirandello tells Wilson that his fridge was full of milk and not just one or two cartons. He tells Wilson that the milkman has been making extra stops at his house to have sex with Wilson's wife while he is out slaving the day away at work. Wilson is upset by this and again tries to hit Pirandello. Foolishly he has chosen to tango with one of the best agents in America. Pirandello counters Wilson's punch and punches back right back, knocking him into the kitchen top. Pirandello then jumps on top of Wilson and restrains him. Seething with anger, Wilson squirms under Pirandello's grip. Pirandello then goes into detail about what the milkman and his wife are doing while he is at work before helping Wilson back up. Wilson again tries to punch Pirandello and yet again Pirandello counters it with a gut punch, winding Wilson. Pirandello then asks if Wilson has got the notion of punching him out of his system. Wilson nods and they walk out of the house. Pirandello helps Wilson through a wire fence but Wilson repays the favor by simply running away. However Wilson is greeted by an agent with a sharp knife. Though luckily for Wilson, Pirandello sneaks behind the agent and hits him over the back of the head with his gun, knocking him unconscious. Pirandello says to Wilson that he was selfish for not holding the fence open for him rather than trying to distract the agents. He also tells Wilson that he is doing a good job before hitting him on the head with his gun to stop him running away again. Wilson wakes up to broad daylight as he is lying in the back of Pirandello's car. The screen read LAS VEGAS Tuesday. Wilson pulls himself out of the car seat. Winking in the sun, he looks around for Pirandello. Seeing that the coast is clear, he gets out of the car to again make another run for it. He runs down the street and gets to a pay phone. He calls up his daughter and tells her that he is in Las Vegas. The family think he is in a mental hospital because that was what Pirandello told his family in order to throw them off about Pirandello taking Wilson. Wilson tells his family that he has been kidnapped by Pirandello. He turns around to find Pirandello looking straight at him with an annoyed look on his face. He takes the phone off of Wilson pretending to be a doctor and tells Wilson's wife that he shouldn't be talking to anyone yet and that he is fine and should be coming home soon. Pirandello then tells him that they had to change cars, this is due to the fact that the other agents are looking for Pirandello's car. Wilson then tries to steal a car but it wont start. The reason for that is because Pirandello has taken out the main cable to the engine. Pirandello tells Wilson nicely to get out of the car and Wilson tells him that he isnt going anywhere with him. Pirandello says fine and walks to the boot of the car. He pulls it open and pulls out a can of Gasoline which he starts to tip all over the car. Pirandello tells Wilson that he knows that he's upset about the mission but he will feel much better when they finally arrive in Washington D.C. Wilson still doesn't want to go so Pirandello puts the gasoline can on the hood of the car, showing Wilson what he just covered the car in. Pirandello strikes a match and Wilson quickly gets out of the car and blows the match out. Pirandello then tells Wilson about the mission that they have to get the big gun from the aliens before its too late. Wilson doesn't believe him and tells him to drive him back home. To convince Wilson, Pirandello shows Wilson a gift he got from the aliens, a special pen that works as a beacon for the UFOs. Pirandello hammers the pen into a baseball. Wilson finally understands and believes that what he saw was real but just as he is about to agree to the mission, a shot takes out the cars back windscreen and Pirandello pushes Wilson to safety. Wilson and Pirandello run into a house and several men are shooting at them. Pirandello throws Wilson to the floor to protect him while he reloads his gun. Wilsons asks Pirandello who is trying to kill them. Pirandello replies its the KGB who want the map so they can get the sacred big gun from the aliens and they would kill just to talk to the UFOs. The men outside surround the house block any means of escape the two of them. Pirandello asks Wilson if he has any special abilities that might help them in this situation. Wilson tells him that he was an alternate on the debating team in the high school. Pirandello then makes a quip about going out there to argue with them. The car that Pirandello was going to take to escape in is unfortunately blown up leaving the escape plan void. Suddenly a black car pulls up outside the window. Pirandello says the KGB is sending in their top negotiator to draw them out. Pirandello greets the Russian negotiator and calls her Dolly. Dolly tells Pirandello that not even his own government will allow him and Wilson to arrive at Washington D.C alive. Dolly insults Wilson and Pirandello tells him to pay no notice to the insult once he tells him what it means. Dolly says that if Pirandello hands over the map then both he and Wilson will get to walk away alive but they'd need a guarantee that Wilson wouldn't talk to the police or government about them. Pirandello asks her what guarantee she wants. She tells Pirandello that they want Wilson dead therefore their original bargain was a lie. Pirandello asks her what the terms of the surrender of Wilson are. She tells him a million dollars in cash and other compensations. Pirandello takes her into the back room to talk while a hysterical Wilson stays out in the firing line of the front of the house. After what seems like hours, Pirandello emerges from the back room with a smile on his face. Dolly emerges and tells Pirandello that the stock he bought is going to crash and they are going to crash it. Pirandello says that it will cripple him financially if that happens. Pirandello tries to find a way out and gets ambushed by the KGB hanging out in the backyard. He runs back to Wilson and asks Wilson if he wants the good news or the bad news first. Wilson asks for the bad news first to which Pirandello tells him they won't make it out alive. Wilson then asks whats the good news to which Pirandello replies that it don't look like they will survive for long. Pirandello tells Wilson they only have one chance but Wilson will have to stay close to him and do whatever he does. Pirandello shoots an agent and Wilson tries to do it with his hand as an imaginary gun. He shoots an agent and kills him. What he didnt know was the agent slipped and fell back onto a piece of sharp wood sticking out of the tree which impaled him in his back. Wilson then thinks that the little men in the UFO are helping them. Pirandello says that's good because they are going to need all the help they can get. He runs to a phone box and Pirandello takes out the remaining agents. Pirandello asks Wilson if he has a quarter for the phone to which Wilson tells him no. Pirandello then runs out towards some ground to try and find one that he thinks he sees lying on the ground. He is shot at and finds out that the quarter he thought he saw was an aluminum bottle cap. A couple of shots from the rogue agents obliterates the coin box in the pay phone, showering Wilson with change. He shouts to Pirandello that he has a quarter now. Pirandello runs back screaming for Wilson to cover him and takes the quarter from Wilsons hand. He shouts at Wilson about not covering him. Wilson shouts back that he only has two hands. Pirandello places the coin in the payphone and calls his friend telling him to sell his stock as quick as can. He sighs that he out of bullets and looks to see no-one is on the rooftops. Wilson asks him where they have all gone to which Pirandello tells him they have gone to lunch. Wilson stares at Pirandello in disbelief, the agents have gone to lunch? Pirandello tells Wilson that the KGB isnt as dedicated at their job as the Americans are as they have no incentives or motivation to finish a task. They run away and Pirandello helps Wilson over a high wooden fence. Wilson asks Pirandello what are the aliens negotiating with the Americans to get the big gun, that if he is going to agree to the mission just what is he risking his life for. Pirandello asks him to write down what he about to tell him. Wilson asks Pirandello if he has something to write with. Pirandello tells Wilson that he used to have a pretty good pen (the pen that he used to convince Wilson in the first place). Wilson pulls his own pen from his pocket and begins to write. He basically tells Wilson that all life on planet earth will be dead in five years if they dont succeed with this deal. He tells Wilson they need a safe place to go and Pirandello takes Wilson to his own mother's house. Pirandello introduces Wilson to his mum. Mrs. Pirandello asks him to help her in the kitchen, leaving poor Wilson alone in the hall. Wilson encounters a beautiful woman coming down the stairs who takes an instant liking to Wilson. The woman tries to make out with Wilson on the sofa but to his horror finds out that the woman is, in fact, Pirandello's Dad who has had a sex change. Pirandello asks his mother if he may borrow the car which she allows. They stop off in NEW MEXICO on Wednesday and buy some items from the petrol station. Wilson points out a copy of the National Enquirer which has the headline Earth dead in Five years. That was exactly what Pirandello was talking about in Vegas. Reading through it while they are driving, Pirandello points out that half of the news in the paper is top secret information that CIA have tried to keep secret. Pirandello drives the car down a corn field encased road because he needs to pee. Getting out of the car, Wilson tells Pirandello that he has changed his mind about the mission. Pirandello tells Wilson that if he walks away now that he will have no choice but to shoot him because of the secrets he now knows. Pirandello goes in the corn field to pee and once again Wilson tries to run away. He falls down and pulls the note he wrote on from his pocket. But it isnt a note at all, it's the real map. Wilson runs out of the field to find Pirandello has gone with the car. He sprints up the road looking for the car. Finally collapsing from exhaustion, Pirandello appears above him. Wilson is now very furious. He screams at Pirandello about where he has been. Pirandello smiles and says he just moved the car to a spot it cant be found. Wilson argues with Pirandello calling him an imbecile and that he has jeopardized the whole mission by giving him the map. Wilson orders Pirandello to get in the car, teeth gritted as he does so. Pirandello does what Wilson tells him and walks back to the car. They drive to Indianapolis for Thursday and stop off behind an old warehouse. Pirandello reaches under a dumpster and pulls out the glass with the White house insignia that the CIA agent who looked like Wilson was carrying at the start of the movie. They are about to walk out of the alley where the dumpster is but they get ambushed by clowns. Well, actually they are the top agents gone rogue disguised as clowns to hide their identities. But Pirandello knows each and every one of them even with the makeup on. Wilson starts crying because the whole mission and these clowns is really getting to him. Pirandello tells Wilson to stop crying. To stop him crying Pirandello tells Wilson that he is an undercover Russian agent working with the United States. Wilson doesn't believe him and Pirandello says that he was hypnotized to remain undercover but one word would reenact him back to the duty of the United States. Believing this Wilson rushes at the clowns, only to be knocked unconscious by one of them. Pirandello fights off the rest of them and Wilson awakes from his sleep. Pirandello lies down on the ground and pretends to have been beaten in the fight. He tells Wilson that he took on all the clowns and survived. Wilson can't remember anything and after some boasting, Pirandello tells him that he is no Russian agent and that he lied to him to make him man up. However, Pirandello does tell Wilson that he still did fight and win against the clowns. This gives Wilson the confidence boost he needs. Then as he is talking, the clown who knocked him out go to hit him again but this time Wilson punches the clown in the face and knocks him out. Pirandello cant believe what he just saw. Wilson punched out a top agent with one punch. They arrive at Pittsburgh that night. They stop off at a bar as Pirandello thinks they deserve a little fun before arriving in Washington D.C on Friday morning. Pirandello sees a good looking blonde woman with glasses and goes over to chat her up. While he's gone Wilson finds his seat at the bar taken by some redneck. Thinking he still has the power to knock a guy out, he foolishly confronts the man sitting in his seat. However, this works in his favor as his eyes scare the men who take off. Pirandello tells Wilson that he has scored with the woman and that he is going back to her place to have sex. However, for the first time, the joke is on Pirandello because the woman turns out to be a dominatrix who enjoys S&M. Pirandello doesn't like this one bit. Wilson outside, takes out a few shifty men while he is at it. Pirandello tells Wilson that he has fallen in love with the dominatrix. Pirandello says that he should get off the mission. Wilson tells him to get out of the car and that he has an important job to do. The roles are now reversed instead of Pirandello telling Wilson what to do, now its Wilson who is telling Pirandello what to do. While shopping Wilson finds a note in the windscreen. It's from Pirandello and he has chosen not to go through with the mission as his new love for the woman has now made him change his reckless life. Wilson drives to Washington D.C by Friday morning. He takes a gun from the glove box and walks up a hill. He is startled by a clown who he thinks is one of the clowns he encountered earlier. He pulls the gun on him but it turns out to be a clown at a kids party who proceeds to walk away back to the party. While walking in the forest Wilson hears a noise and drops all his bullets on the ground. As he is picking them up, he sees a foot stepping on a branch. He looks up to find Pirandello looking down at him. Wilson asks what he is doing there. Pirandello tells Wilson that he was worried about him and sorry for running off. He also tells him that Wilson should never hold his weapon in his left side of his pants just in case his right arm is shot off and that he must always carry a loaded weapon in case he is shot at by someone else. They both venture deep into the forest but are shot at by more rogue agents. A friendly agent tries to help them but is shot down before he can truly help them. Pirandello then shoots the branches of the trees causing the rogue agents to fall out of them and thud onto the ground. They then have to find a tree that gives the water they need for the glass. Pirandello finds the perfect tree. It has a cool water tap in it. Pirandello fills up the glass with the water from the tree and walks on with Wilson to the designated spot where they are rendezvousing with the aliens. Pirandello is shot in the arm by an unknown assailant which turns out to be Captain Cunard. He tells the two to throw their weapons to the ground. They do so unwillingly. Pirandello knew that Cunard was behind the operation the whole time. Cunard orders Wilson to go to the point and rendezvous with the aliens for the big gun. Wilson tells Cunard to pretty much go to hell as he will comply with Cunard's order. Cunard warns him if he doesn't do what he is asked, he will kill Pirandello. Wilson calls a bluff and tells Cunard to shoot Pirandello. Pirandello is horrified by what Wilson has just said and tells Cunard that Wilson was kidding. Wilson says that Pirandello can take it and Pirandello says back because he is now in love that his reckless streak is over. Cunard says to Wilson that he thinks he's bluffing. Wilson snaps back that he doesn't care what Cunard thinks. So Cunard shoots Pirandello again in the arm. Wilson tells Cunard that if he kills Pirandello then he still won't get the big gun. Pirandello pleads with Wilson to stop the mind game with Cunard. Luckily the agent who came to help them earlier shoots Cunard just as Wilson shoots him with his handgun. Cunard is shot in the chest and falls into a tree truck before sliding to the floor. Pirandello can't believe what he just saw. He thinks Wilson took out Cunard with his handgun. Pirandello asks Wilson how he did that. Wilson tells him not to make a big deal out of it. Suddenly a big white light shines down on the spot for the meet. Pirandello tells Wilson to go and make the exchange. Wilson walks off towards the light but not before giving Pirandello a friendly pat on the arm, too bad it was the one he was shot in twice. He walks into the light with the glass of water in his hand. He is met by one of the aliens who smiles at him. The alien looks like a human being. Wilson tells the alien that it is amazing how they are just like the human race. The alien tells him that all life in the universe is like the human race. He asks Wilson does he want the good package or the big gun. Wilson decides on the good package instead of what he was ordered to get. The alien tell him that on behalf of the human race that was a wise choice to make. He hands him a white package and Wilson hands the alien the glass of water. The alien drinks the water while Wilson stares at him in awe. The alien says to Wilson that they got the baseball that he sent them (he is referring to the baseball that Pirandello hammered the pen into to convince Wilson about the mission) and that they are learning to play the actual game of baseball. He tells Wilson that they love the game and to think Pirandello for it. The alien give Wilson his very own pen and hands him Pirandello original pen too to give back to Pirandello. The alien tells Wilson thank you and the ship takes off leaving a bewildered Wilson looking up at the night sky. Wilson tells Pirandello that the encounter was amazing and Pirandello tells them you never forgot your first time you save the world and the thrill that comes with it. Upon arriving home in the presidential Limo, Wilson steps out a new man having just saved the world. He is greeted by his wife and kids and the house is completely rebuilt. He walks into the house and then into the living room and tells his wife that he has been thinking that they have been getting too much milk lately. The wife confesses that she can't stop the milkman to stop delivering to their house. She wasn't having an affair with the milkman after all. She then tells him that the milkman has been making a lot of sexual advances and suggestive remarks. Wilson tells her that he will take care of the situation. She begs him not to do anything violent and Wilson tells her that only a word or look is all it takes to right a wrong. He walks with his kids to Buddy's house to get back his sons bike that they stole. Buddy tells Wilson that he has decided to pay for the bike after all. Wilson tells him that he hasn't come to pay for the bike but to take it back. Oaf gives him some abuse and Wilson beats up the thugs. He even hits Oaf with his own elbow exactly the way Oaf hit him earlier. Buddy finally decides to get his son the bike back and Wilson repeats what Buddy did to him earlier by stepping on his toe and sending him into the box of Styrofoam. He also says that Buddy will have to pay to get it re-sprayed the original colour. The kids are now proud of their Dad. Wilson asks Pirandello if he was a little too forceful. Pirandello tells him that he used the right amount of force and it was also well controlled. He tells Wilson that he has to go because he has a date. A rope ladder descends and Pirandello gets on it. It turns out his new girlfriend is flying a helicopter just above them. She smiles down at them in her glasses she was wearing in the bar when Pirandello picked her up. He says goodbye and is hoisted into the air still hanging onto the rope ladder. Pirandello shouts down that Wilsons house looks great from where he is standing. The sleazy milkman returns to Wilson's house to deliver yet more milk. He opens the gate only to be caught out by Wilson hiding behind it. He punches the milkman who falls to the ground. Wilson looks down at him and tells him to "try and be more sensitive".
tt0095756
Comedy,Horror,Sci-Fi
During one Los Angeles, California night, a humanoid alien (Arthur Roberts) from the planet Davanna leaves his spaceship wearing a dark suit, sunglasses, and carrying an aluminum briefcase. He walks to a parked car where a man and woman are on a date. Killing the man by strangling him, the alien removes his sunglasses, revealing two bright blue lights in place of his eyes. As he stares into the woman's eyes, she dies. Opening the briefcase, the alien attaches a device into the woman's neck to extract blood. Days later, the alien arrives at a medical clinic. He introduces himself to attending nurse, Nadine Story (Traci Lords), as "Mr. Paul Johnson" and tells her he needs a blood transfusion. Nadine informs him he needs to take a blood test, but the alien refuses. One of the clinic's doctors, Dr. Rochelle (Ace Mask), ushers Johnson into his office. Johnson tells the doctor he is dying and shows his body's lack of blood by cutting his wrist. Shocked, Dr. Rochelle insists he is unable to perform a transfusion without a blood test. Johnson hypnotizes Dr. Rochelle and telepathically tells him he may perform the test, but is forbidden to share the results with anyone. After Dr. Rochelle obtains a blood sample, he orders Nadine to begin Johnson's transfusion. Afterward, the doctor informs Nadine she will move into Johnson's house and assist him with daily transfusions. Nadine walks Johnson to his car and sees a police officer writing a parking ticket. Recognizing the officer as her boyfriend, Harry (Roger Lodge), she convinces him not to give Johnson a ticket. Harry asks her out for a date later in the week, to which Nadine tells him maybe. Johnson arrives at his mansion and informs his chauffeur and bodyguard, Jeremy (Lenny Juliano), that Nadine will be moving in. In the kitchen, Johnson removes a bottle of blood from his briefcase and puts the bottle inside a cellar freezer. Later, as Nadine arrives and settles upstairs, Johnson goes to his study and activates a transport machine hidden behind the paneling. From beams of light, another alien from Davanna appears. Conversing telepathically, Johnson is informed his mission is in five phases: study the Earth humans; transport quantities of blood to Davanna; transport an Earth human to Davanna as a living specimen for research and vivisection; observe the effects of human blood circulating in his own body; and if he survives, the Earth will be conquered to supply blood to save the beings of Davanna. After Nadine assists Johnson with his transfusion the following day, she goes outside to relax by the pool. At the front door, a man selling vacuum cleaners (Michael Delano) rings the doorbell. Johnson invites the salesman inside and leads him to the cellar. Downstairs, Johnson removes his sunglasses and kills the salesman by looking into his eyes. Afterward, Johnson disposes of the body in the furnace and returns upstairs. Outside, Nadine sees smoke coming from the chimney and goes to the cellar. Before opening the furnace, she hears a car horn and runs upstairs to see her boyfriend, Harry, and Dr. Rochelle arrive. Harry sees Jeremy and recognizes the chauffeur as a local petty criminal. In the study, Dr. Rochelle informs Johnson that his blood is breaking down and evaporating, and offers to continue to look for a cure. In the dining room, Harry tells Nadine he will come back that evening for their date and leaves with the doctor. Jeremy drives Johnson around town, and honks the car horn at a trio of prostitutes. Irritated by the high decibel level, Johnson reminds Jeremy not to make loud noises around him. Seeing the women, he orders Jeremy to invite them to the mansion. After returning, Johnson orders Jeremy to go to bed and leads the women to the cellar, where he removes his glasses, killing them with his light infused eyes, and draining their bodies of blood. Afterward in the study, Johnson transports a case of the prostitutes' blood to Davanna. Later at the station, the police chief reports to his force that another body has been found drained of blood, making a total of eight victims. At the mansion, Johnson opens the door to a woman introducing herself as his "Birthday Girl," (Becky LaBeau) and wearing a sash with "Happy Birthday" written on it. Johnson informs her she is at the wrong house, but he hypnotizes her to follow him to his study and transports her to Davanna as a live specimen. The following morning, Nadine sees Jeremy with Johnson's breakfast tray and notices the water in the drinking glass is red. Jeremy confides to her that three prostitutes came to the mansion last night, but never left. Worried, Nadine goes to the clinic to test the red liquid. Harry calls Nadine and asks her out for dinner that evening. After she agrees, Dr. Rochelle tells her he will have the test results that night. At Johnson's mansion, a female alien (Rebecca Perle) wearing sunglasses arrives in the study. Johnson asks about the Earth woman he transported. She informs him that she was crushed to death by the planet's gravity upon arrival. Telling him she needs blood to survive, they break into the clinic. That evening, Dr. Rochelle interrupts Nadine and Harry's date with the test results, revealing it contains a large number of unknown vitamins. Nadine tells Dr. Rochelle she took the substance from Johnson and asks about his condition. However, under Johnson's hypnotic spell, Dr. Rochelle is unable to tell Nadine anything. At the clinic, Johnson hooks up a large bottle of blood to the female alien. However, the blood in the bottle is infected with rabies. Afterward, he tells her to hide at a hotel. Weakened by the tainted blood, she stumbles into four punk rockers in an alleyway. As the punks threaten her, the blood causes her face to breakout with blisters and her mouth to foam. After she attacks the men, she makes her way back to the clinic and passes out in the waiting room. Dr. Rochelle returns and orders nurse Mary Oxford, to carry the woman into his office. When he pronounces her dead, he removes her sunglasses and notices her eyes are hollow. He instructs Mary to call the police. Nadine returns to the mansion and receives a telephone call from Harry. He tells her he is at the clinic, and a woman died there wearing one of Nadine's dresses. Believing Johnson is behind the woman's death, Harry suggests Nadine leave. However, she and Jeremy decide to stay and search the mansion. They find the red vitamin supplement and transportation portal in the study. Nadine orders Jeremy to search the cellar. Downstairs, Jeremy finds human remains in the furnace. Upstairs, Nadine picks up the ringing telephone. On the line, Dr. Rochelle informs her the dead woman's blood had been evaporating, but her death was caused by rabies. He continues that the reason her blood was vanishing was due to living in an environment experiencing extreme nuclear warfare. When Nadine asks if Johnson has the same blood ailment, the doctor is unable to respond due to Johnson's mind control. After hanging up, Johnson appears and attempts to hypnotize Nadine. Jeremy fires a gun at him, but Johnson removes his sunglasses and stares at Jeremy, killing him. Nadine runs away and calls Harry from a telephone booth in a park. Harry sets out on his police motorcycle. Johnson catches up to Nadine and telepathically orders her to return to the mansion and enter the transportation portal, as she will be the new research specimen. After she walks away, Johnson gets into his car and drives away to kill Harry. On Sea Cove Bridge, Harry turns on his motorcycle siren. The high-pitched noise causes Johnson to drive off the bridge. The car explodes, and Johnson is killed. As he dies, Nadine and Dr. Rochelle are released from his mind control. Later at a cemetery, Nadine and Harry stand by Johnson's gravestone, which is inscribed, "HERE LIES A MAN WHO WAS NOT OF THIS EARTH." As they leave the grave site, a man wearing a dark suit and sunglasses, walks towards the grave carrying an aluminum briefcase.
tt0075936
Comedy,Crime,Fantasy
In an affluent Baltimore suburb, all hell is about to break loose in the home of the Gravels. Bosley Gravel (George Stover) has a discussion on the front porch with Dr. Evans (Al Strapelli). Gravel has had his wife Peggy (Mink Stole) released from a mental institution; Evans feels she should have stayed for a while longer, but Gravel says that Peggy's breakdown is "part of the past now". However, inside the house, Peggy is in hysterics. Her young son and his friends are playing baseball in the front yard, and one of them accidentally hits a baseball through Peggy's window. She immediately starts shrieking and views the accident as an assassination attempt. She begins screaming at the children, then is driven even further insane when the phone rings and it's a wrong number. She viciously berates the caller and goes downstairs. Grizelda Brown (Jean Hill) is a very large black woman who works as a maid for the Gravels; she is doing housework when Peggy appears in her frantic state. Grizelda assures her that everything is alright and she's just upset, but Peggy tells her that someone just tried to kill her. Peggy goes off looking for her two youngest children and finds them naked, playing an innocent game of doctor; horrified, she screams at them and calls them "sodomites", ranting that her daughter Beth (who appears to be about 8 years old) could be pregnant. Meanwhile, Bosley finds Grizelda drinking from his liquor cabinet, and they argue about it. Grizelda is defiant, but Bosley finds his savings account book, his lottery ticket, and two rolls of toilet paper in Grizelda's purse. Before he can call the police, Peggy appears and confronts Bosley in a deranged way, ranting about her paranoid delusions before disappearing upstairs. Bosley goes upstairs to administer an injection for Peggy, and leaves Grizelda alone in the kitchen. Upstairs, Peggy refuses the injection and reacts with hostility to Bosley, who says "Peggy, I might have to commit you again!" In response, Peggy smashes glass over his head and screams for Grizelda, who rushes upstairs. Grizelda, who appears to weigh well over 300 pounds, sits on Bosley and kills him. Horrified, the two of them run from the house and leave in Peggy's car. In the car they have an argument; Grizelda announces that they are going to sleep in the woods overnight to hide out from the police, and Peggy takes a haughty attitude with her. As a result, Grizelda forces the car to a halt and drags Peggy from the driver's seat outside the car. "I ain't your maid anymore, bitch, I'm your sister in crime!" she tells her, and Peggy seems to suddenly fear for her life. Before the altercation can go any further, a very strange looking policeman (Turkey Joe) pulls up on a motorcycle. The cop immediately knows who Peggy and Grizelda are, saying that the authorities have already learned of the murder they committed and are looking for them this very minute. Instead of arresting them, the policeman assaults them, removing his uniform to reveal women's lingerie underneath. He forces the women to remove their panties, which he then puts on, and kisses them lewdly (something that is made even more disgusting by the fact that the policeman's gums are constantly bleeding). The cop makes a brief reference to a place called Mortville; Peggy and Grizelda have never heard of it, but he tells them that it is a place where killers can live scot free. In exchange for their cooperation, he lets them escape to Mortville, and they run off through the woods for their destination. When they find Mortville, they realize it is a ramshackle village built entirely out of garbage. The place is populated by bizarre, degenerate characters. Grizelda accepts it for what it is, but Peggy remains haughty. The two of them find a house that offers a "room for rent", and they are greeted by an extremely abrasive woman named Mole McHenry (Susan Lowe). Peggy tries to ingratiate herself to Mole, who immediately sees through her, but Grizelda makes a decent impression and Mole offers to rent them a room, stealing Grizelda's purse as payment. Inside she finds six dollars cash, which Mole considers a large amount of money, and the lottery ticket Grizelda stole from Bosley. Mole takes this as well, announcing "I'll take this, and I'LL win it." Then she invites Grizelda and Peggy to dinner, telling Grizelda "You look like you got a big appetite!" Inside Mole's house, they meet Mole's girlfriend, Muffy St. Jacques (Liz Renay). Muffy is a sexpot type, and Mole derides her for being "lazy" by sleeping late; she also jealously accuses her of having sexual dreams about men. When Muffy makes a flippant comment in response, Mole violently impales her hand with a large fork. When Grizelda and Peggy see that the "dinner" Mole has prepared is a dead dog, they try and back out of eating, but the borderline violent Mole tries to force them to eat it. Before they can, strange looking goons who wear costumes that resemble S&M bondage gear break into the house and kidnap Peggy and Grizelda, ushering them into the back of a truck and driving off with them. Before they leave, Mole tries to console them "Don't worry, it's standard procedure in Mortville!" In the back of the truck, Grizelda tries to kiss Peggy romantically; the icy Peggy reacts with shock and disgust. They are taken to a castle on the border of Mortville, where they are brought before Mortville's facist dictator, Queen Carlotta (Edith Massey). Carlotta is carried around by her goons, as she seems too large to walk on her own. She intimidates the women, telling them that she knows they are on the lam for murder and that she expects them to live in a constant state of "mortification" in Mortville. The goons force them to eat live roaches and Carlotta makes them watch the execution of a prisoner, whose only crime seems to be defying the Queen. She sends them off to see the "ugly experts", where they will get a humiliating makeover. When they've gone, Carlotta drops her theatrical attitude and has one of her goons sexually stimulate her by stripping and dancing nude. Carlotta then has her goons take her to see her daughter, Princess Coo-Coo (Mary Vivian Pearce). It seems Coo-Coo has been acting defiant, sneaking out of the castle to rendezvous with her lover Herbert, one of Mortville's garbage men. Carlotta scolds Coo-Coo and tells her that she disapproves of her relationship with Herbert. As punishment, Carlotta grounds Coo-Coo to her room for several years. Unbeknownst to Coo-Coo, Carlotta orders her goons to assassinate Herbert on sight. Back at Mole's, Peggy and Grizelda return wearing outrageous clothing and makeup. Mole and Muffy laugh at them, and Peggy tries to insult Mole, causing her to threaten Peggy physically. Muffy tells a story about how she ended up in Mortville, and we see a flashback to the night Muffy's life went wrong. Muffy and her former husband are seen arriving home after a party to find that their teenage babysitter is having a wild party in their home. Drugs and alcohol are rampant, and Muffy's husband (Roland Hertz) chases all of the kids out of the house. Muffy finds the babysitter upstairs in their bed naked with a boy; when she demands to know where her baby Freddy is, the babysitter (Pirie Woods) tells her that she thinks she left him in the kitchen. Muffy finds the baby boy inside the closed refrigerator and goes berserk, whacking the babysitter on the head with a frying pan and shoving her face in a large bowl of dog food, suffocating her. When Muffy's husband sees what happened, she runs away and takes off in their car; the husband tries to stop her, but Muffy rolls up the window on his neck, choking him to death and dragging his body along as she drives off. Mole tells her own story immediately after, revealing that she was a female wrestler who went berserk at a match and murdered her male opponent. After the stories, Mole reveals that she is betting on the lottery ticket she took from Peggy and Grizelda to bring them some much-needed cash to get them out of their hopeless situation. Peggy is indignant, shrieking that the lottery ticket belongs to her; she further enrages Mole by saying "We need money, we're not trash like you!" Grizelda defuses the situation by taking Peggy back to their 'room', which is a small shed behind the house with a bed in it. Both couples then have sex, although Peggy does so begrudgingly, performing oral sex on Grizelda. The next day, Carlotta's goons walk through the streets of Mortville delivering a "royal proclaimation" from Carlotta declaring the day "Backwards Day". All residents of Mortville are to walk backwards and wear their clothes backwards or face immediate execution. Muffy and Mole are extremely agitated by this, coupled with the fact that they are hungry from a lack of food. A cat brings a dead rat in and Mole reacts joyfully, cooking the rat and planning on eating it. They later leave the house and head off on an errand; Peggy and Grizelda appear and beg to tag along. Mole's errand is to collect a current newspaper (which is considered contraband) so she can check the lottery numbers. They stop at Mortville's nudist colony to find out where they can score a newspaper, and they are immediately joined by Princess Coo-Coo; when they all fall their knees as instructed by the Queen, Coo-Coo urges them not to. "I'm not like my mother," she claims. Coo-Coo has come to visit Herbert, who is also a nudist, but the goons appear and shoot Herbert dead. Panic ensues, and Peggy, Grizelda, Mole, and Muffy all hurriedly leave the nudist colony and head for a lesbian bar. Inside the bar, a stripper named Flipper (Cookie Mueller) is dancing and beating a bound man to death while the audience cheers her on. Peggy makes a detour to the ladies room, and she is approached for sex by a deranged-looking woman (Pat Moran). When she returns to the table, she begs Grizelda to take her home; Muffy and Mole wonder why she was so adamant to go with them in the first place. Mole and Muffy visit Flipper's girlfriend, Shotsie (Sharon Niesp), and get a contraband newspaper from her. They discover that they are holding the winning lottery ticket after all. Back at the house, Peggy and Grizelda find Coo-Coo in their shed, in a romantic embrace with Herbert's dead body. Grizelda tries to comfort her and Peggy reacts wtih both disgust and jealousy. Peggy opens the door and screams for Carlotta's goons, giving away the location of the Princess; a fight ensues, and Grizelda attacks the goons inside the shed. Although she overpowers them, the small structure collapses and kills her. The goons kidnap Coo-Coo and Peggy and take them before the Queen. The Queen disowns Coo-Coo, who is now blind with rage over the murder of Herbert, and Carlotta orders her to be imprisoned and raped by the goons. Carlotta rewards Peggy for her loyalty by making her the new Princess, grooming her to become the next tyrannical monarch of Mortville. She gives Peggy the task of infecting the citizens of Mortville with rabies, starting with Coo-Coo; Peggy injects her with rabies and throws her out into the streets to spread the disease. Meanwhile, Mole goes into Baltimore to collect her lottery winnings; once she has the cash (which totals about $1000), she visits the John Hopkins hospital and demands an immediate sex change. When the nurses and doctor don't cooperate at first, Mole holds them at knifepoint until they comply. When she returns to Mortville, she showers Muffy with presents, including a new bra and a fur coat. She also shows Muffy a large cache of firearms that she has purchased, with which they can rebel against Queen Carlotta and her goons. Mole's final surprise, her sex change, causes Muffy to react in horror; when Mole tries to have sex with Muffy using her new penis, Muffy vomits and insists that Mole cut it off, which she does. Muffy sews up the wound dutifully, saying that she only pretended to want a man to make Mole jealous, and she vows to stay by Mole even though she now has no sex organs. Shotsie and Flipper appear with the now very ill Coo-Coo, and they hatch a plan to overturn Carlotta. Muffy acts as a decoy and seduces the castle guard, who is ambushed and murdered by Mole and the others. As Carlotta and Peggy gloat in Carlotta's bedroom about the success of their rabies plan, the rebels go into the castle and execute Carlotta's guards, confronting Peggy and Carlotta at gunpoint. They force Carlotta to kiss Muffy's ass, then let Coo-Coo bite her, infecting her with rabies. Peggy tries to act as if she's been forced to do what she did, but everyone sees through her and Mole executes her as well. They decide to cook and eat Carlotta, emerging from the castle with Carlotta's body roasted and dressed out like a roast pig. As Coo-Coo convulses and dies, the citizens of Mortville all appear and help eat the evil Queen in celebration (implying that they will all be infected with rabies as well).
tt0090556
Drama
Jessie Cates, an unemployed epileptic with a failed marriage and a deeply troubled son, tells her mother, Thelma, that she plans to kill herself before the night is over. Thelma tries to convince her daughter life is worth living, but Jessie remains resolute. Directed by Tom Moore, this gripping film was adapted from the Pulitzer Prize-winning play by Marsha Norman. A dark, tear-jerking drama, this film stars Anne Bancroft (Thelma), who was nominated for Best Actress in a Motion Picture (Drama) for "'night, Mother".
tt0096149
Action,Adventure,Romance
Set sometime in the distant future the intra-galactic space-colony-ship Southern Sun (which bears a strong resemblance to the Battlestar Galactica) is on a multi-generational trip to a new settlement. Tired of his fate to live and die on the ship, Kalgan (John Philip Law), the head of the Enforcers who are tasked with the ship's security, causes an explosion in the Southern Sun's docking bay just as a fighter is landing there. The decorated fighter pilot, Dave Ryder (Reb Brown) survives the crash via an emergency teleportation system, but his passenger, Professor Spooner is killed in the the crash, which causes serious damage that puts the docking bay out of commission. Ryder is taken to see the Southern Sun's commander, Alex Jansen (Cameron Mitchell), who accepts Ryder's account of events, though his daughter Lea (Cisse Cameron) flies into a rage at Ryder and accuses him of abandoning the Professor to die. Despite this less than harmonious introduction, the two quickly become friends, and it becomes clear that Lea is strongly attracted to Ryder. Just before the docking bay accident, a group of witchcraft-practising female aliens named Bellerians are brought on-board. While they never interact with the main characters during the course of the film (aside from a brief scene in which their leader Jennera consults with Commander Jansen), it is implied that they influence the actions of the lead protagonists, and also covertly help them by seducing Enforcers, which causes Kalgan to execute them for their seeming incompetence, thinning out his own forces. Meanwhile, Kalgan meets with his main co-conspirator MacPhearson (James Ryan), the ship's chief engineer who feels unappreciated for his part in an incident in which he prevented a major disaster, but was severely injured and left unable to walk without aid. MacPhearson informs Kalgan that it will be several weeks before any ship can land or take off from the Southern Sun, which will give Kalgan and his forces time to take over the Southern Sun and force her to land; to that end Kalgan has also enlisted the aid of space pirates from the nearby Corona Borealis system. MacPhearson then consults with his engineering crew, and all bar one of them agree to join the mutiny. The sole dissenting engineer, Parsons, accuses them of treason and threatens to report them to Commander Jansen, which results in the other engineers quickly turning on and killing Parsons. Shortly thereafter, a maintenance engineer named Codell discovers evidence that Kalgan caused the explosion in the docking bay, and after informing a bridge officer, Lt. Lamont of this, begins making his journey to the bridge to inform Jansen. Kalgan intercepts him on the way however, and offers him a choice - join the mutiny, or be put in the "deep freeze." Codell instead chooses to commit suicide. That night, Lea is flirting with Ryder in the ship's disco, when a pair of Enforcers arrive and ask for Lamont, who is also at the disco. She leaves the disco and is immediately shot dead by Kalgan, who leaves the scene in an electric kart. Ryder and Lea both overhear the whole thing and chase Kalgan down in another kart, eventually arriving at the "deep freeze." This turns out to be a room in which troublesome officers are stored in cryogenic suspension; when Kalgan takes over the Southern Sun they will be thawed out and given one further chance to join Kalgan's forces, or be ejected into space. Kalgan and more Enforcers then arrive, and Ryder and Lea are heavily outnumbered and forced to flee, but now have solid evidence that there is a conspiracy and that Kalgan is the ringleader. Ryder is thusly promoted to being the ship's new security chief, just before the Southern Sun encounters the space pirates. Thanks to Ryder's leadership, the Southern Sun easily defeats the pirate ships (which look uncannily like Cylon Basestars) without taking any serious damage. Knowing that he cannot now rely on outside help, Kalgan abducts Lea and threatens to kill her if Commander Jansen does not voluntarily give up control of the Southern Sun. Not wanting to rely on Jansen giving into his demands though, Kalgan begins torturing Lea for information by using a laser-like device on her teeth. During this MacPhearson arrives and gives Kalgan a progress report, causing Lea to realise that he too is a part of the conspiracy. Acting on his own authority, Ryder goes into the bowels of the Southern Sun and knocks out an Enforcer, taking his uniform. Lea, meanwhile, has been left under the supervision of a single security guard who she pretends to seduce, then she knocks him out and steals his uniform just as Ryder arrives. After a few more encounters with Enforcers, Ryder and Lea escape and return to the bridge. An infuriated Kalgan realises that with his main bargaining chip lost and the command crew now aware that MacPhearson is involved in the conspiracy, he has no option but to take control of the ship by force. The mutiny begins in full, with both sides taking heavy losses - in particular, many officers fall to their deaths over the various railings dotted throughout the ship. Eventually Ryder sets off an explosion that traps most of the mutineers in that section of the Southern Sun, but both Kalgan and MacPhearson escape. MacPhearson isn't able to get very far and resorts to hiding in a gas expulsion sump. Ryder (implied to be under the influence of the Bellerians) fills the sump with methane gas which he then ignites, causing a fire which burns MacPhearson to death. With Kalgan the only mutineer still at large, Ryder and Lea pursue him into the ship's bowels in an electric kart. Lea gets knocked out of Ryder's kart, which she then accidentally disables by shooting it in an effort to take out Kalgan, who in turn rams Lea with his own kart, causing her a slight injury. After getting his kart working again, Ryder aims it at Kalgan's kart and drives toward it at full speed, diving out of it at the last second. Kalgan is unable to dodge it, and is apparently consumed in a massive explosion. The mutiny seemingly thwarted, Ryder and Lea apparently make preparations to get married. Later however, it turns out that Kalgan survived the explosion, ending the film on a cliffhanger.
tt0071233
Horror
Count Dracula [Udo Kier] and his renfield Anton [Arno Juerging] travel to Italy in search of a virgin's blood. They are invited to stay at the di Fiori estate where there are four unmarried girls. Perhaps the Count will choose one of them? Highly unlikely. The two middle girls -- Rubina [Stefania Casini] and Saphiris [Dominique Darel] --are screwing the hired hand Mario [Joe Dallesandro]. Dracula drinks their blood and promptly throws up. Mario gets wise to the vampire and rapes the youngest girl Perla [Silvia Dionisio] so she won't be of interest. The oldest girl Esmerelda [Milena Vukotic] is still a virgin and gives herself to Dracula. Dracula is staked by Mario after Mario chops off both Dracula's arms, one leg and few other parts. Esmerelda throws herself on the stake, too.
tt0073190
Drama,Romance
After former studio head Mike Wayne (Kirk Douglas) is told he is too old to be a producer, he receives word that his 20-year-old daughter, January (Deborah Raffin), is about to undergo her fifth surgery. Mike flies to Switzerland, but is told that he will be a distraction during her recovery and to go home. Meanwhile, as January is anesthetized, she remembers two years earlier when she suspected her father of having an affair with his leading lady. Hoping to catch Mike in the act, January and her date raced on a motorcycle toward the hotel, only to crash into a stone wall. In the present, Mike flies to Italy, where he woos a wealthy widow, Deidre Milford Granger (Alexis Smith). Months later, Mike welcomes a healed January to New York City with champagne and a personal message in lights on the side of the Goodyear blimp. That night, January is unable to sleep, and she awakes to find Mike sneaking Deidre into the suite. He informs January that Deidre and he are married, and explains he married her so he could keep January living in luxury style. When January asks what Deidre gets out of it, Mike claims he dresses up her table. The next day, Mike is playing backgammon with Deidre's younger cousin, David Milford (George Hamilton), when January returns from shopping. After introductions, Mike informs January that her old school friend, Linda Riggs (Brenda Vaccaro), called. January visits her friend and does not recognize her. Linda brags about how much plastic surgery she has undergone and how she slept her way to being the youngest editor of Gloss magazine. Later that night, after dancing and drinking, David propositions January, but she turns him down. The next day, Linda is flabbergasted to hear that her friend rejected David until January admits she is still a virgin. Insisting that January has "daddy issues", Linda convinces her to move out on her own and hires her to work at Gloss. A few days later, Deidre is outraged to learn that David is dating Karla (Melina Mercouri), an aging Greek actress, and that January is moving out. When Mike stands up for January, Deidre emasculates him by reminding him he is a kept man. Hoping to please Deidre, January goes to David's apartment and they make love. Later, David is disturbed to realize he took January's virginity. On the ride home, January tells him that although she likes David, she does not want a relationship. The next day, Deidre travels to another apartment building where it's revealed that she is having a lesbian tryst with Karla. After making love, Deidre tells Karla about the fight with Mike and mentions she put $3 million in a trust fund for January. Afterward, Deidre meets Mike, January and Linda for drinks. They are interrupted when Tom Colt (David Janssen), a middle-aged, alcoholic famous writer, staggers to the table and demands to fight Mike for making a lousy movie out of his book, but Mike declines the offer. Later, when Tom and his friend, Hugh Richardson (Gary Conway), offer to buy January and Linda a drink, Linda invites them to her apartment. Hugh leaves, but Tom is game. At the apartment, January excuses herself so Linda and Tom can be alone. As Linda slips into her lingerie, Tom sneaks out the fire escape and goes to Januarys, where he apologizes for treating Mike so rudely. January kisses him, and tells him to call her when he is sober. Hours later, he calls to say he is sober. January and Tom begin dating. One night, she goes to Tom's hotel and realizes it is the same suite her father always rented when she came home from boarding school. She tries to seduce Tom, but he wants to wait until they are not in the room that January was raised in. Later, when January tells Mike about Tom, he begs her not to date older men like himself and reminds her that Tom is married with a six-month old baby. January goes to Linda for advice, who theorizes that January's hang ups are due to her oedipal cravings and suggests she sleep with Mike to get it out of her system. That weekend, Tom and January visit the Hamptons and, after they make love, Tom confesses he has been impotent for years and his wife was impregnated by artificial insemination. Tom explains his wife and he have their freedom, as long as they are discrete. The next morning, Tom gets an offer to go to Hollywood, California to adapt one of his books into a screenplay. He asks January to accompany him, but she has promised Mike she would go with him to Palm Beach, Florida. Tom talks her into telling Mike she is writing a story on Tom, and has to go to the west coast. A few days later, Mike arrives in California to find Tom and January in bed. Mike beats up Tom, and gives January 30 minutes to pack; but Tom tells January that, if she goes, she can never come back. Mike returns to Palm Beach alone and asks Deidre for a divorce, explaining that when he married her, he lost his daughter. Deidre complains she will be all alone, but Mike notes that she has Karla and that he is returning January's trust fund money to her. The two decide to split on friendly terms and board a plane to New York, however, the plane crashes (off-camera) killing both of them. After the funeral, January learns Tom is in New York. She finds him in a bar, where he explains he is breaking up with January because he is old and regrets getting between her and her father. Tom acknowledges they had something special once, but January pleads that once is not enough. Tom asks her to leave. January returns to her apartment and finds Linda in hysterics because, after sleeping with her boss, he fired her. January calms her down and gets her to bed, then wanders the New York City streets all night, thinking of Tom and Mike. In the final shot, January sits down on a bench and watches the dawn as it slowly rises over the George Washington Bridge, aware that this will be a brand new and hope-full new day.
tt0070468
Crime,Drama,Thriller
The Offence begins with the police station in a panic, an officer running for help in slow motion, his expression indicating that something terrible has happened. We find Sergeant Johnson (Sean Connery) in an interrogation room, fighting with fellow officers who are attempting to restrain him. He looks around in disbelief, perhaps realizing what he's done, saying "God, Oh my God." We then flash back to Johnson and some fellow officers staking out a schoolyard hoping to catch a glimpse of a child abductor/rapist. Johnson walks the area while his other officers wait in a car. He catches suspicious glances from parents waiting outside the fenced in yard to claim their children. They aren't aware that he's a cop, only that a strange man is lurking near the schoolyard. A group of kids walking home is escorted a safe distance away, although one of the girls is shown leaving the group to head towards her own house. Getting in the car with the other officers, Johnson establishes very early that he's frustrated and isn't satisfied with police efforts. One of the girls is abducted nonetheless, a short time after leaving the safety of the group. She is quickly reported missing and a search party is organized. It's Sgt. Johnson who finds the girl in the woods. She screams when he finds her, still in shock, screaming. She's been raped, as suggested by her torn clothes and the mud all over her. Johnson comforts the girl, quieting her down, and wraps her in his coat. He seems to visualize the abductors actions almost putting himself in the criminal's place. He's panicked when the moment is broken by the search party finding them, acting startled for a moment, as if he himself is the rapist. He insists on escorting the girl to the hospital, snapping at Lieutenant Cameron (Peter Bowles) who tells him the girl is not in any state to handle questions. He's furious when a possible witness comes in to file a report, twenty hours late. Officers are directed to search everywhere for the rapist. Other officers later pick up Kenneth Baxter (Ian Bannen) for the crime when they find him covered in mud and scratched up, wandering around town, barely coherent. When Cameron's questioning goes nowhere, they decide they can't charge him. Johnson is somehow 100% certain that Baxter is their man, although Cameron reminds him that "you can't be certain. Even you can make mistakes." Johnson gets agitated convinced that Baxter is laughing at them. He takes the opportunity to question the suspect himself (although he is completely unauthorized to do so) Johnson has decided that this man is the culprit and can't bear to think of him going free. Johnson brings Baxter a cup of tea and finds his attitude has become more resistant to questioning. He begins pressuring Baxter, manhandling him and intimidating him in any way that he can. Cameron is directed to charge him or let him go, unaware that Johnson has started his own questioning. Johnson starts hitting Baxter and Baxter, tries to get to another door to escape the room angering Johnson even more. Cutting between the station and the questioning we find Baxter more bloody and beaten each time. The officers respond to screams and we find Johnson called out to sign a statement, then suspended and directed to go home until he's called. Cameron mentions that it's unlikely Baxter will live. Johnson drives home. and his mind starts recalling graphic and bloody images from past cases. We see him in beat cop uniform uncovering a particularly gory murder, which expands to include many other brutal scenes including a man falling from a rooftop and a body hanging from a tree in the woods. At home he heads straight for the liquor and starts drinking. His wife Maureen (Vivien Merchant) wakes up due to the noise he makes. She's initially angry that he's drunk and has broken her China doll. He remarks on seeing her in her bathrobe "You're a mess! What happened to you? You never used to be such a mess." He tells her he may have killed a man, and explains that pain was the only thing the man understood. He talks about the girl who is also in the hospital, and when Maureen says "at least she's alive" He starts recalling other cases saying "I've seen them dead too you know." Maureen reminds him that he's not on his own. He says "Why aren't you beautiful. You're not even pretty." She continues attempting to help him, but he says he's always made a point of not talking to her." "Who will you talk to then?" she asks. He starts rambling about the images in his head that he can't stop, going into graphic detail about victims of brutal crimes, his anger building with each detail. Maureen can't take the details and runs off to be sick. Angry that she couldn't listen after offering, he holds her down telling her "You promised to make me happy and you didn't" revealing his frayed sanity by implying that Baxter was the person she made happy. Fortunately for Maureen, the outburst is interrupted by the Cameron, who tells him he has to return to the station as Baxter has died in the hospital. Johnson meets with Lt. Cartwright (Trevor Howard) at the station, who is charged with performing an inquiry into the murder and obtaining the truth. Johnson attempts to describe the interrogation, but is cautioned by Cartwright when he starts describing what was going on in Baxter's mind. Johnson loses his temper several times with Cartwright, which doesn't seem to intimidate him in the least. Cartwright insists that Johnson can't know that Baxter was guilty. Johnson insists that he does know, and recalls his own handling of the girl in the woods to calm her down. "What's happening to me?" he asks Cartwright, describing all the disturbing pictures in his mind, revealing that he can vividly see the incident through Baxter's eyes. He grabs Cartwright's arms roughly but Cartwright forces him off and gets him to attempt to recount the scene. Johnson implies that Cartwright can deal with things more easily, because he doesn't get his hands dirty, having subordinate officers find the bodies. Cartwright takes offense reminding him that they've all had to do these things. Johnson keeps visualizing the girl again as is he were Baxter (with his own face) imagining her happy as he approaches in the woods and touches her face. Cartwright concludes that he has what he needs and as he's escorted down the hall, we see a flashback to the full interrogation scene. Johnson asks about Baxter's marriage, complaining that his own wife in bed seems like she's "doing him a favor" Baxter explains that in his marriage there are other things that are more important. Baxter then refuses to discuss his wife, threatening to report Johnson and talk to his lawyer. When Baxter stands up offended at a comment. Johnson starts handling him, comparing his handling to how he handled the girls. He makes Baxter very uncomfortable reaching his hands beneath Baxter's jacket in a clearly intrusive way. He tells Baxter that he'll make him feel like the little girls. He strikes Baxter and tells him to get up. Baxter tells him he's mad. Johnson's explanations of Baxter's actions, make it increasingly clear that his own repressed desires are angering him more than what Baxter may have done. Baxter exclaims "You sad, sorry little man." prompting Johnson to strike him again. Baxter realizes that Johnson won't let him leave, Baxter starts speaking personally telling Johnson that he's always felt alone. He recounts a bully from high school, and the feeling he got from being bullied, that the bully "needed him" saying that this gave him pleasure and the bully never knew that Baxter was "having him." Johnson starts laughing hysterically when Johnson segues from the bullying into asking if his father was a big man. When he can't stop laughing Johnson says "Do you think you're having me?" Baxter calls him pathetic which prompts another beating. Baxter exclaims "I know you!" When Johnson begins thrashing him again Baxter says "Nothing I've done can be half as bad as the thoughts in your head. I wouldn't have your thoughts." Johnson calms down momentarily as if he's had a realization while listening to Baxter. Baxter puts on his coat as if to leave, but Johnson asks Baxter to help him with the thoughts in his head, recounting some of them as he squeezes Baxter's hand. He sobs "Help me." but tired of having his hand squeezed, Baxter yells "Help your bloody self!" which prompts the final beating. Johnson recounts the scene as he waits saying "He knew. I had to kill him." We then arrive back at the beginning seeing Johnson fight off his fellow officers and coming to his senses saying "God, oh my God."
tt0089816
Drama
In 1943 in German-occupied France during World War II, 18-year-old British courier Susan Traherne (Meryl Streep) waits in the woods for a message to be dropped by parachute from a British plane. After experiencing airplane trouble, a fellow British operative named Lazar (Sam Neill) parachutes down, and Susan explains how things are run at her post. When they are nearly caught by German troops, Susans tough exterior cracks, and she cries on Lazar's shoulder. Soon after, the couple returns to Susan's home and make love. Two years later, after the war ends in 1945, while traveling through Europe with Susan, a man named Tony Radley drops dead of a heart attack in a hotel lobby in Brussels, Belgium. Raymond Brock (Charles Dance) from the British Embassy arrives to oversee Radley's funeral, and consoles his widow, Susan. Sometime later at the embassy, Susan confesses to Raymond that she and Radley were not really married, but only posed so during the war, and asks him to tell Radley's real wife that the man died while traveling alone. After returning to England for the first time in two years, Susan and Raymond begin a relationship, and he travels from his post in Belgium to visit her in England every weekend. Susan takes a job as a clerk in a small shipping firm in the East End. Susan's friend and co-worker, the spunky 18-year-old Alice Park (Tracey Ullman), moves in with her, and they engage in a bohemian lifestyle, visiting nightclubs together. Susan is restless in her post-war life, and expresses frustration with her job at the shipping office. During the winter of 1945-1946, she quarrels with Raymond, and suggests they separate for the winter. Skipping forward to 1953, Susan is now working as a member of Queen Elizabeth's coronation committee. She has moved into a larger apartment, and Alice is still her roommate. One day, Susan asks one of Alice's former boyfriends and a fellow working-class lover, Mick (Sting), to father her child. He reluctantly agrees to conceive a child with her, but is discouraged that she would want to raise the baby without him. When her job in the coronation committee is done, Susan begins working in advertising, but leaves within months, finding the work unsatisfying. Over time, Mick tries to court Susan, but she refuses to consider having a real relationship with him. After eighteen months of trying and failing to become pregnant, Susan ends their involvement which leads to a confrontation between her and Mick in her apartment which ends with Susan firing a gun above Mick's head to make him leave. Alice telephones Susan's former boyfriend, Raymond (who is still working in the diplomatic corps), to report that Susan has suffered a nervous breakdown. He arrives to visit her in the hospital, and in time, Raymond and Susan get married. In a jump-forward to November 1956, Susan remains frustrated with her life despite that she is married and now living in a fancy row house in the West End. Susan's unstable mental state becomes apparently to everyone, including Alice, when Susan is moody and is insulting to Raymond and their friends during a party attended by Sir Leonard Darwin (John Gielgud), which prompts him to walk out and announce to everyone that he has resigned from his position due to Great Brittan's involvement in the Suez Crisis. Skipping forward three or four years later, Susan and Raymond have moved to Jordan, where Raymond has been assigned a diplomatic post. Alice pays them a visit, and is alarmed by Susan's subdued demeanor. Although Susan claims to be happy, Alice questions her and Raymond about their sedate lifestyle, and worries how her friend could stay in Jordan for another two years. When word travels of the death of Raymond's colleague, Sir Leonard Darwin, Susan uses the excuse to return to England for the funeral, and Raymond blames Alice for putting the idea in Susan's head. Back in England, Susan insists they not return to Jordan. Sometime later in 1962, Susan meets Raymond's employer, Sir Andrew Charleson (Ian McKellen), and questions him about her husband's stagnant career. The meeting soon turns ugly when Susan threatens to commit suicide if Raymond does not receive a promotion within six days, which prompts Charleson to have Susan removed from the building. Charleson then informs Raymond of his wife's visit and threats and dismisses him from all of his posts and forces him into early retirement. When the distraught and somber Raymond returns home, he finds Susan decorating the house, seemingly oblivious to her actions earlier that day. Raymond insists Susan see a mental health practitioner, but she refuses and claims to have no idea what he means by that. As the couple argue, Susan slams a door in his face, and Raymond is knocked unconscious. She nurses his bloodied face before packing her things and leaving. Soon after, Susan rekindles her wartime love affair with Lazar, meeting him at a seaside hotel. After they make love, Susan shares her mental instability with Lazar. When she falls asleep, he leaves. In the final scene, Susan recalls her idealistic youth in the French countryside, following the end of the war where news about Germany's surrender reaches the French village where Susan is at. Susan talks with a local French dairy farmer about the end of the war and agrees to accompany him to a party with his family in the village to celebrate the end of the conflict. In the ironic final shot Susan proclaims: "there will be days and days of like this for many years to come!" Fade out.
tt0077921
Horror,Sci-Fi
Chaos and destruction are all around as crews continue the clean up from an airliner crash city center last night. Tonight, we find ourselves in writer John Morlar's (Richard Burton) apartment, as he intently watches TV coverage of a NASA space mission going awry. As his intense eyes stare at the impending doom for the astronauts, his chair is suddenly spun around and his head is repeatedly and brutally beaten by an attacker from behind camera. Just prior to the beating, Morlar's eyes look right into the attacker's and he calmly says "a response at last". An investigation into the beating death has the detectives shocked to find that Morlar has survived barely, and they rush him to the hospital. He has his head totally bandaged (except for eyes and nose) and is plugged into multiple machines and monitors, hoses, tubes, etc. Obviously he is in the ICU, and here he stays for the rest of the movie. We follow the detectives' investigation into the beating at Morlar's apartment; how he lives, gets along with neighbors, his traits; his artwork, furnishings, his writings, etc. His writings are cryptic, obscure, dark and ominous, dealing with many past catastrophies and disasters. The detectives find that Morlar had been seeing a psychologist. They find the psychologist, Dr. Zonfeld (Lee Remmick) and try to discover what's up with Morlar. They find that he felt like he had some kind of power to create catastrophe. Zonfeld doesn't give much to the detectives other than to state he was delusional, so they go back to the apartment and hospital to dig up some more info. Morlar's hand trembles and he's given a pencil...he writes a warning about the old cathedral wall, which had been cracking lately, causing much worry about a collapse. Detectives think there is more to learn from Zonfeld. From this next visit to Zonfeld, the story is told through flashbacks from Zonfeld's and Morlar's points of view while she was interviewing, analyzing Morlar. She reveals that he felt he had caused the deaths of many people that had wronged him in the past. His nanny, his parents, his school professor, his estranged wife and her boyfriend. He felt that he learned that he could cause almost any type of catastrophe. She still claimed to the detectives that she felt it was all in his head, a delusion. She seems disinterested in his case and makes the police feel that there was no worry from her about the validity of his claims. Morlar's almost flatline brain activity ocasiionally gets a blip or two when his hand wants to warn of the collapse of the wall, so the detectives really watch him close. A bit more pressure on Zonfeld, and she accompanies the police to the hospital. Seing Morlar causes her to confess that Morlar's claims had begun to seem possible, and he had actually gotten her to come to his apartment. She witnessed him stare at the airliner as it took off, and watched it fly straight into the city center as he stared it to it's death. The detective believes now that Zonfeld has more to do with this, and goes back to her place the next day, to find her dead, from a self-induced injection. She left a taped confession that she had tried to kill him, to prevent the space disaster, but had failed. She has now convinced the detective that Morlar could cause these disasters. As police watch morlar in the hospital, the cathedral wall begins to crumble just as the Queen is arriving for a visit. Police rush all around trying to prevent death and destruction, but only our detective knows what is the cause. He rushes back to the hospital to remove the life support from Morlar. As Morlar's little jiggles and wiggles on the brain monitor fade, the falling cathedral catastrophe wanes and we sigh relief that it has all ended. The police look at Morlar's flatlined body, and are about to leave when the EEG monitor begins to make creepy squeaky sounds, and the flatline becomes very active. Then we look at Morlar's bandaged face, as his intense eyes open wide.
tt0093091
Comedy,Horror
These sexy little toilet monsters are back for more in this hit sequel to the original film Ghoulies. But this time, there reeking awesome havoc at a local carnival. The bodies are piling up left and right, and carnies are eating them for breakfast. After the hero's boldly try to kill the evil little monsters, the ghoulies go on a mad rampage through the entire amusement park, killing and EATING anyone who gets in there way. Its doomsday for anyone who dares to go on these rides!
tt0106827
Family,Comedy
That lovable know-it-all knucklehead Ernest P. Worrell (Jim Varney), who is working as a janitor at a local college, meets a history professor named Dr. Abner Melon. After discovering an antique metal plate near a construction site, Ernest shows it to Dr. Melon who believes that it came from a giant American Revolutionary War cannon called "Goliath", (named after the legendary biblical giant). Dr. Melon had previously been ridiculed by his peers for theorizing that the real Crown Jewels of England were stolen during the Revolutionary War and were actually hidden inside the long-lost cannon. Ernest and Dr. Melon begin to search for the artifact near the construction site and eventually locate it inside an abandoned mine. Unfortunately, they are ambushed by historical antiquity collector and Dr. Melon's colleague Dr. Glencliff whom they then lead on an action-packed chase through the countryside. Things become more complicated for them when British authorities hear about the incident and send a team of secret agents after them to retrieve the jewels. Dr. Melon's wife, Nan, on the other hand is only after him and Ernest for the jewels. While everyone is hot on their trail, Ernest develops a deep friendship with Dr. Melon. After crashing the cannon into a forest, Ernest locates the jewels, not in its barrel as the legend describes but in the gunpowder kegs. After putting the crown on his head, he finds himself unable to get it off. Dr. Glencliff shows up, abducts him, and takes him to his clinic in an attempt to surgically remove it and kill him at the same time. Dr. Melon meets up with Nan and convinces her to help him save Ernest. While at the clinic, Ernest manages to escape from the surgery room and lead Dr. Glencliff on a chase through the building. When he has nowhere else to hide, he and Dr. Glencliff have one last fight to get the crown before Dr. Melon arrives with the police. At the last minute, Dr. Glencliff takes an axe off of the wall and attempts to behead Ernest. Just as he is moments away from death, Dr. Melon bursts through the door and hits Dr. Glencliff over the head with the same antique metal plate Ernest found, knocking him out. Ernest realizes that Dr. Melon has saved his life and they both realize that they have gone from being adversaries to friends. At the same time, British authorities arrive and explain to Ernest that the crown must be taken back to its rightful home. He explains that it won't come off his head and the authorities declare that whoever wears it is King of England. Fortunately for him (and England), Dr. Melon removes it for him by joking him about what is on his shirt, flicking him in the face. It causes it to fall off his head while everyone laughs. This is followed by him giving Dr. Melon a noogie while they argue about who would make a better king of England. The film ends here with a not-so-subtle moral, being that friendship is more valuable than status or material wealth.
tt0102493
Drama,Western
The film begins with a scene of a bull-riding event at a rodeo in Rock Springs, Texas. H.D. Dalton (Scott Glenn), a former champion bull rider, is filling in for a friend as a barrel man. As a contestant bucks off the world-famous bucking bull 'Thunderbolt', H.D. escapes the barrel to try his hand at bullfighting. Thunderbolt sets his sights on H.D. and promptly runs over the bull rider-turned-bullfighter. H.D. receives several lacerations to his back and injures his kidneys, forcing him off the rodeo trail. H.D. returns home to Tulsa, Oklahoma, only to find that things have drastically changed. His family farm is abandoned, his high school sweetheart, Jolie (Kate Capshaw) is now a widowed mother with a fourteen-year-old son, Jud (Balthazar Getty), and his sister Cheryl (Tess Harper) has relocated their father, Jesse, (Ben Johnson) to an assisted-care facility. H.D. visits the nursing home to bring his father back to the farm, much to the chagrin of his sister. While H.D. is in town visiting Jolie, his father calls upon Cheryl to take care of him for the afternoon. This action infuriates Cheryl, who threatens H.D. to sell the farm and return their father to assisted living. Still injured, H.D. seeks a high paying job to purchase the family farm. With the Bull-mania event coming up at the Lazy E Arena in Guthrie, Oklahoma, H.D., and his father begin relentless physical training, from first light to last light. After H.D.'s body is healed, they begin to work on the mental side of bull riding. Following his father's advice, H.D. sits high atop the roof of their barn all day long, free arm raised high in the air, riding a two-story bull. One rainy night, while practicing on a makeshift mechanical bull, H.D. slips off the barrel. The forward momentum of H.D. falling sends the barrel backward at high speeds, which crashes into Jesse's head. While H.D. is waiting for the news of his injured father at a local hospital, Deputy Sheriff Virgil (Clearance Williams III), informs him that Cheryl and her husband have placed a restraining order against him. However, H.D. has no time to fight the restraining order; Bull-mania is the following weekend. Jolie and Jud are in attendance to support H.D. in his first competition since his injury. H.D. successfully rides his first three bulls, which launched him into first place, but injures his left leg while dismounting his final opponent. H.D.'s father, who drove out to the event to watch his son, pushes him to get on the bonus bull 'Thunderbolt', the same bull that injured H.D. the previous summer. H.D. grits his teeth and lowers himself onto the back of the 1,800-pound Brahma bull that has never been bested. All the training that H.D. and his father have put in all comes down to the next eight seconds. Thunderbolt busts from the chute and begins with a counter-clockwise spin, away from H.D.'s riding hand. At the five-second mark, with H.D. still perched high atop his back, Thunderbolt reverses and turns back into H.D.'s hand, to the right. The seconds climb up - six, seven, and finally, eight. H.D. has ridden the undefeated bull and wins the $100,000 prize. The Rocky-style ending to the film teaches the lesson that hard work, determination, and perseverance will pay off in the end. My Heroes Have Always Been Cowboys is a true western sports film classic.
tt0071613
Comedy
Due to a female passenger falling out of her top whilst running for the bus Stan is distracted and crashes the bus resulting in the depot managers car being written off. As a result Stan, Jack and Blakey are fired. Stan and Jack soon get new jobs as a bus crew at a Pontins holiday resort but discover that Blakey has also gotten a job there as the chief security guard. Stan, realising that he can get a cheaper rate for his family gets them to arrive at the resort for a holiday, but things don't quite turn out the way all three new employees wish.
tt0069796
Thriller
In 1835, on the island of San Cristobal in the British West Indies, former London Soho prostitute Lady Susan Walker (Anouska Hempel) has achieved wealth and power through her multiple marriages, and now runs her Blackmoor sugar cane plantation with ruthless severity. Susan's favorite possession is her whip, which she calls a "black snake." Also fond of whipping the slaves is her sometime lover, an older Irishman named Joxer Tierney (Percy Herbert). Susan's private army of mercenaries is led by the snobbish, homosexual Capt. Raymond Daladier (Bernard Boston), who, because he is a French soldier, disdains the slaves even though he is also black. The disgruntled slaves look to their hot-tempered compatriot Joshua (Milton McCollin) for leadership, and although he urges them to revolt, Joshua's Bible-quoting father, Isiah, counsels patience. Meanwhile, in England, Sir Charles Walker (David Warbeck) asks his patron, Lord Clive (Anthony Sharpe), to help him obtain employment at Blackmoor. Charles explains that he will pretend to be a lowly Cockney bookkeeper in order to investigate the presumed death of his brother Jonathan, Susan's most recent husband, who he believes was murdered by Susan. Charles soon arrives at San Cristobal, where, with his upper-class accent disguised and using the name Ronald Sopwith, he obtains the desired position. On the day of Charles' arrival, Joshua helps fellow slave Barnaby attempt to escape, but an informant alerts Joxer and Barnaby is pursued by the overseer and Raymond's men. Surprised by the violence, Charles tries to help Barnaby, who, terrified of the mercenaries, swims into the ocean, where he is eaten by a shark. On the beach, Charles meets Susan, who approves of his good looks and intimates that she will replace Joxer with him. Disgruntled, Joxer takes Charles to his lodgings and gives him Cleone (Vikki Richards), a pretty slave who is to serve Charles in every way. Joxer hopes to undermine Charles' position with the racist Susan, as he knows how she hates it when her lovers sleep with the slaves. Later the next evening, Charles is having sex with Cleone when he questions her about Jonathan, whom she calls a "duppie," or zombie, explaining that sometimes after a man dies he continues to walk the earth. Their tryst is interrupted by Raymond, who tells Charles that he has been summoned by Susan. Despite Cleone's pleas that he not go, Charles proceeds to the main house, where Susan flirtatiously tells him about her deceased husbands and shows him the grand mansion. She offers herself to him but cautions that he must choose between her and Cleone. Scoffing at Charles' Cockney accent, Susan then reveals her own humble origins, and Charles, assuming his real accent, concocts a story of leaving his English estates because he impregnated his gamekeeper's daughter. Their lovemaking is interrupted by the drunken, ranting Joxer. Joxer knocks Charles out and is raping Susan when the duppie appears and tosses Joxer aside. After Charles jumps on the doper, he realizes that the groaning, unkempt behemoth is his brother. Upon hearing his name, Jonathan runs away, with Charles in pursuit. Raymond finds the two men and, as Jonathan swims away, the Frenchman warns Charles to forget what he has seen and promises not to tell Susan that Jonathan is his brother if he will not reveal that Raymond failed to kill him. The next day, Charles and Joxer clash when Joxer is brutalizing a slave in the fields and Charles rips the whip from his hands. They are about to fight when Raymond appears and reprimands them for disagreeing in front of the slaves. Joxer laughs at Raymond's infatuation with Charles, and their quarrel is heightened when Joxer threatens to whip Charles for preventing him from beating an injured Isiah. Susan interferes, stating that no white man can be whipped unless she does it. Susan orders Charles to whip Isiah or be fired, and after Charles reluctantly picks up the whip, Joshua steps forward, insisting that he be punished instead. When Charles attempts to stop Susan from lashing both men, Joxer knocks him down. Later that night, Susan tells Charles that the black snake will become an extension of his arm as he grows accustomed to the island's violence. As they talk, Joshua sneaks in and puts a large snake into her bathtub, although Charles and Raymond rescue her before she is injured. Susan then orders that Joshua be crucified as a lesson to the others, although Joxer warns her that the heinous punishment will make him a martyr. Susan ignores him and soon after, the slaves watch as Joshua is nailed onto a wooden cross marked like an X, with Charles begging Susan to free the youth. Three days pass as Joshua clings to life, increasing the tension on the plantation. Charles is jailed when he again tries to free Joshua and Susan berates him, telling him that she is the only one who cares for him. Unable to contain his fury, Charles attempts to strangle her through the bars and reveals that Jonathan is his brother. Susan retorts that upon her orders, Raymond cut out Jonathan's tongue and also castrated him as revenge for his infidelities with the slave women. Susan was unaware, however, that Raymond had failed to complete her instructions by killing Jonathan. When Susan threatens to have Charles similarly mutilated, Raymond protests, reminding her that she promised to give him the Englishman when she was through with him. Susan acquiesces, then goes to the fields, where she orders Joxer to whip Joshua. Joxer protests, claiming that the insensible Joshua will not feel the lash, but relents when Susan promises to resume their sexual relationship. Reviving, Joshua recites some Bible verses and dies, and Joxer is forced to whip his corpse to prove that he is dead. After Susan rides away, the slaves, led by Isiah, capture Joxer, while in his rooms, Raymond attempts to seduce Charles. After his efforts prove unsuccessful, Raymond handcuffs Charles to his bed and departs. When Raymond searches the house, he discovers that his men have been hanged from the upper balcony. He is then attacked by the slaves, who hack him to death with their machetes. After Susan finds Raymond's dismembered body in her bathtub, she discovers that Joxer is tied to the front gate, where the slaves are taking turns whipping him. Armed with her own whip, Susan rushes outside but is overwhelmed by the slaves. Meanwhile, Jonathan frees Charles, who pleads with the slaves to stop, assuring them that they have earned their freedom but should end their rampage. Isiah insists that Susan must be punished, although Charles will be spared due to his previous kindnesses. When the slaves are distracted by the appearance of Jonathan, Susan escapes, grabs a shotgun and kills her rampaging husband. The slaves then carry Susan and Charles away, leaving Isiah to kill Joxer with a machete. While Charles is held back, Susan is tied to the same X bearing Joshua's body and is burned alive. After the carnage subsides, freedom sweeps through the islands, and Charles, who has stayed to live with Cleone, witnesses the abolition of slavery and the prosperity of those who work together peacefully.
tt0070868
Horror
The movie begins with 5 strangers entering an elevator. It takes them to the basement and they exit to find 5 chairs a table and 5 glasses of brandy. The elevator, on that floor has no call button, so they decide to sit and wait for it to return on its own. One of the men, Rodgers states that his nightmares are quite frightening. After some coaxing he shares one of them. The nightmare begins with him speaking to his private investigator in his apartment. The P.I was hired to find Roger's sister. As soon as he gives Rodgers the address, Rodgers shows his gratitude by murdering him to cover his trail. Then, rRgers promptly travels to his dear sister's town. Before he murders her, he stops at a restaurant across the street from her. It is sunset and the restaurant is closing and the owner tells Rodgers that "they" come out at dark and that is why they are closing. Rodgers thinks it is odd but leaves and goes to his sister's house because she has just inherited everything. He fixes that by stabbing her. Then, of course he leaves and sees that the restaurant is open and "people" are going in to be seated. The food and beverages are unusual and Rodgers is soon about to learn why and meet "them", the vampires. His ending is also the end of this segment. The next man to share his dream is Critchet, an older Englishman. In his dream he is a neat freak that gets remarried in " A Neat Job". His new wife can't seem to put anything in it proper place. He scolds her until the pressure makes her rearrange everything, including their future. And yes, everything is in it's proper places. It is all neatly labeled as well and Critchet learns that he taught her a bit too well. Then come the ghostly tale form the third man, Sebastian. In his dream he and his wife are magicians traveling to India looking for a new act. He finds and older local man, at a market performing a trick. Of course the arrogant Sebastian shows everyone that the trick is a fake. The lovely Indian assistant is upset and decides to practice a different trick. She shares it with Sabastian none the less, and he and his wife will kill to learn and own it. The problem is that the rope involved in the trick is possessed by a spirit that does not like betrayal. They accidentally found a way to play "The Trick That Will Kill You" on themselves. Next is an even more gruesome tale perhaps the best of the five. Mailin tells of a deal "in bargain to death" that he and his friend Alex devise. It is a dishonest scam to make them both a lot of money. But the untrustworthy choose friends that are the same as them. A double cross leads to double death. Then in our final tale "Drawn and Quartered" is told by an artist (Tom Baker aka Dr. Who) who has been wronged. He finds a new power from a voodoo priest to get revenge.He learns that one should always beware that the voodoo that you do, may just be what will undo you. After he uses his gift for the wrong reasons he finds himself out of time and back to his new friends in the basement discussing their fears. Suddenly the elevator that brought the five of them to this destination, comes back for them and opens.This time it takes them to their final destiny...the truth that evil deeds are no dream, but a reality that they must face, forever!
tt0070898
Drama,Romance
This bittersweet movie centers around Dr. Matt Younger (Sidney Poitier) recently widowed, who travels to England on a month long holiday with his charming young daugther Stephanie(Yvette Curtis). While there, his meets a beautiful and mysterious stranger Katherine(Ester Anderson). She elicits his help to avoid a man who is following her. It turns out that this gentleman is her bodyguard. Katherine is the niece of a prominent African diplomat, and they are in England on official business. Katherine also has a medical condition which necesitates her being watched closely by her bodyguard to prevent harm from befalling her. Dr. Younger begins to get to know her and quickly falls in love with her, but she keeps her medical "problem" to herself, preferring to disappear whenever she feels sick. While on a vacation trip to the English countryside with Katherine and Stephanie, Dr. Younger discovers her little secret. He wants to marry her regardless. In the end, she must make a choice between having a family , even if only for a short time, or continuing her life as it has been.
tt0071519
Horror,Sci-Fi
Simon Helder (Shane Briant) spends his nights piecing together body parts from cadavers for his research but is brought before a judge and sentenced to 5 years in an insane asylum where he is tortured by the orderlies. Little does Helder know but Baron Frankenstein (Peter Cushing) has been hiding out in the asylum and when he discovers the young doctor he enlists him as an assistant to help in the tending of the medical needs of the other inmates but ultimately to help with the creation of a new monster he is bringing to life. The monster (David Prowse) is a compilation of body parts taken from the dying inmates in the asylum, many of whom Frankenstein euthanizes for his purpose. Helder is uneasy with the Barons utilizing of the inmates to further his research and tells the Baron his feelings, but the Baron confides in Helder a secret that is the cause of his lovely young assistant Sarah (Madeline Smith) a mute who is the daughter of the lecherous Asylum Director (John Stratton). As the experiments progress and the monster is created it becomes apparent that there is an incompatibility of body parts, driving the monster homicidally insane and aggressively vicious.
tt0072189
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
Transylvania, in the 1800's, at Count Dracula (Dan Meaden)'s castle, the Count is attacked by a man we can't see, helped by Igor (Skip Martin), a dwarf man. He's put garlic in his mouth. Merlin (Ringo Starr) laments and cries out that he should have helped him, as Dracula was the Kind of the Netherworld. Countess Dracula (Lorna Wilde) is sleeping and heavily pregnant with Dracula's child; Merlin will educate this child to become the new kind of the Netherworld when it's born, but it'll take long for the baby to be born. 100 years afterwards, a funeral car carries a coffin and crosses the English Channel. It's the rock years, and a couple is making out in a messy bedroom. She gets money from the chauffeur (David Bailie), who leaves immediately. She has been waiting for the person in the coffin to appear; she is happy, but Bill (John Coleclough) has already died bitten by the vampire. She enjoys being bitten by Dracula's son. At Merlin's, he learns that the vampire is on his way. Baron Frankenstein, usually called the Baron (Freddie Jones) gives the news to Merlin. He is t old that the crowning must happen in the next 72 hours. Count Downe (Harry Nilsson) also visits Merlin for the occasion - he's not been studying music recently. Down goes to Piccadilly, Hyde Parks, Leicester Square, and wonders at all the shiny placards. He goes to Tramp, 40 Jermyn Street, a music pub, where a woman (Rachelle Miller) immediately offers him a cigarette, which he rejects. He goes to the stage to play and sing. Later that night, Downe stalks a woman who's wearing a bouquet of flowers and defends her from the attack of a monster (Morris Bush). Sher offers herself to be bitten by Downe. At a museum, the exhibition is about death and torture. An old man in a wheelchair follows Downe. Van Helsing (Dennis Price) is the administrator of the museum. Downe's room has been prepared especially for his rest and coronation day. He plays the piano and sings there. Downe chooses his coffin. Merlin worries that Downe didn't become a vampire the normal way, as he was born. The housekeeper (Shakira Baksh-Caine) hypnotizes the Baron by means of the eyes of a cat. In his casket, Downe dreams of his father's death and of him as a child, and how a woman offered her neck to him but she was wearing a cross which burnt him in his hand and let a scar for all eternity. In the morning, he closes the window - light seems to disturb him, but not kill him. Downe will miss the human world and emotions, and he tells so to his valet and chauffeur. He visits Merlin in the day, in a limousine with tainted windows. Merlin tells him that his mother was human, and that he's inherited qualities from her as well. However, only Downe can take that decision. At Harley Street, Baron Frankenstein will perform an operation in his brain so that he can become king, and immortal in human life. But they don't have a lot of time. A machine is needed for the operation, which must take place at the following day during the night. The Baron calls for Igor and prepares a plan: to kill Downe during his operation. However, Merlin hears the plan from a magic mirror. The Baron wants to become the king himself. Downe sees his future throne. Van Helsing's assistant, Amber (Suzanna Leigh) happens to be the woman who had the crucifix as a necklace. She is preparing the coronation. They have dinner together. Downe sings a nonsensical song. Amber and Downe are in a bed tother, but she has tattooed a crucifix in her chest [it's more like a non-suntanned part of her skin]. He beomes a cartoon bat. Downe opens the coffin. Van Helsing has tea with Downe and tells him that love would only bring him total sadness. Van Helsing can perform the operation himself. He dreams of Van Helsing taking away pieces of viscera from him. The Baron complains to Merlin about not having the machine. Merlin tells him that Downe has decided in favour of Van Helsing implanting on him human love. The Baron goes frantic. At the Thornton Medical Institute, Igor and Van Helsing pretend to be staff and steal the radioactive thing they need. The police run after them although they have run in an ambulance; finally, they let them go. The chauffeur and the Baron talk. Merlin says that the former has always been a loyal servant. The Baron speaks to some ghosts about humanizing Downe. The valet interrupts Amber and Downe, as the latter needs to talk to the council. Guests arrive and want to have a piece of Downe. The Monster attacks Amber and the chauffeur. Merlin sends the cat to wake up the valet as the allies of the Baron attack. Nilsson's renown song Without You while Amber and Downe are holding hands on a bed and the operation is performed. Downe tells to all the crowd that he doesn't want the crown; people get mad at him and the gobblins try to attack. The valet discloses a cross in the ceiling through which sun enters, killing everybody, except for the valet and Downe. Merlin finally faces the Baron, who wants to become the new Overlord. Merlin makes the Baron disappear with billiards balls. Downe joins Amber in the daylight. They hold hands and leave together, in love. The End over the shining sun. Suddenly, the caption Or is it? appears over-imposed, and then the face of Merlin appears.
tt0072198
Drama,Western
One day, three farm boys come upon a wounded outlaw named Harry Spikes. They take him to one of the boys' barn, nurse him back to health, shield him from a sheriff's posse, and let him go on his way. Later, to escape the tyrannical discipline of their parents, the three boys run away from home in search of adventure and excitement. In the first town they come to, they bungle a bank robbery, and shoot and kill a state senator by accident. Then, with the law in hot pursuit, they flee across the Texas border into Mexico. Upon arriving there, they happily reunite with Harry Spikes. He takes the boys under his wing, teaches them the outlaw's trade, and the four of them cross the border back into Texas. After careful preparation, they attempt a bank robbery that goes horribly wrong. Tragically, the boys discover that Harry Spikes is not the genuine hero that they thought he was. Lee Marvin, Gary Grimes, Ron Howard, and Charles Martin Smith star in this thrilling Western tale that examines the tragic consequences of hero worship and the loss of youthful innocence.
tt0071647
Sci-Fi
Karen Braden (Kelly Bohanon) is brought by her father George and her sister Isa into a government project stationed near the Craters of the Moon lava fields in Idaho. The project has been commissioned to develop matter transference, but has made a greater leap: the scientists have developed a pair of time machines, and have discovered that a mysterious impending ecological catastrophe will wipe out civilization. Other government entities seek to shut down the project as the idealistic scientists attempt to keep the nature of their discovery a secret. The use of the transfer devices has deleterious effects upon the health of the travelers. Adults "not much older than 20" are unable to survive the journey for long, as apparently their kidneys will begin to hemorrhage. Thus, the scientists have decided to send young people 56 years into the future in order to build a new civilization. On the return trip from her orientation transfer, Karen accidentally kills her sister. She then flees to the future again, where she becomes withdrawn despite the sympathies of the arriving young researchers. After the time machines are taken offline by the government, the young researchers hike toward Portland, Oregon, but certain revelations do not bode well for the project's goals. Increasingly disheartened, Karen hikes back to the transfer station, where she is attacked by another researcher who has been driven mad by what she has discovered. Karen uses the time machine to escape and returns to a point farther in the future, where she encounters the residents of that time...
tt0076044
Adventure,Comedy,Drama
While en route to a vacation in Greece with his family, a passenger "borrows" Benji for just long enough to tattoo a mysterious message on his paw. Separated from family in Athens, Benji finds himself on the run from an assortment of international spies searching for the message in another exciting Benji adventure.
tt0078231
Drama
On September 30, 1955 in Conway, Arkansas, University of Central Arkansas student Jimmy J. (Richard Thomas) watches the film 'East of Eden' in a movie theater alone. The next day at football practice, Jimmy J. hears that the actor and star of the film, James Dean, has been killed. He runs to the local radio station and confirms that the actor died in an automobile crash in California the day before (around the same time he was watching 'East of Eden' in the opening scene). Jimmy J. calls his friend Billie Jean Turner (Lisa Blount), a working-class girl who also admires Dean, to commiserate. He then leads his girlfriend Charlotte Smith (Deborah Benson), his roommate Hanley (Tom Hulce), and another college couple, Frank (Dennis Quaid) and his girlfriend Pat (Mary Kai Clark), on an off-campus adventure. They order a takeout barbecue meal and Jimmy J. steals a few bottles of liquor from a store. They evade the police and have a party near the Arkansas River, where Jimmy J. grows upset that his friends do not understand the depth of his grief. When Frank asks how Jimmy J. can care so much about someone he has never met, Jimmy J. explains that he has seen 'East of Eden' four times, and Billie Jean claims to have seen it 22 times; they were anticipating the releases of James Dean's other two films, 'Rebel Without a Cause' later in October and 'Giant' the following year, Jimmy J. and Billie Jean met seeing 'East of Eden' a few months earlier, and though Charlotte claims Billie Jean presents no competition, she has asked Jimmy J. not to see her. Later that afternoon, Jimmy J. sculpts an Academy Award statuette out of mud, strips to his underwear, smears himself with mud, and conducts a ceremony to summon Dean's spirit. A dog barks in the distance and Jimmy J. perceives the bark as a sign. The police arrive, but the group escapes and heads back to town. When Frank and Pat are dropped off, they tell Jimmy J. that he is disturbed. When Jimmy J. asks Charlotte if he can continue the sance at her house since her parents are not home, she invites him and Hanley to visit once Jimmy J. is cleaned up. Returning to the dormitory, Jimmy J. is surprised to see his mother (Collin Wilcox), his Aunt Ethel, and his little brother, Dickie, who have come to take him to a show in Little Rock. Jimmy J's mother is disappointed by his dirty appearance and worries that he will end up a loser and deadbeat like his father. In the dormitory, as others prepare for a fraternity dance that evening, Jimmy J. calls Billie Jean and invites her to Charlotte's for the sance. Coach Haynes (Ben Fuhrman) awaits Jimmy J. in his room and disciplines him for leaving football practice that morning. A classmate named Eugene (Dennis Christopher) asks Jimmy J. and Hanley if he may accompany them to Charlotte's house for the sance and the three escape out a side door as the state police, called by Frank and Pat, arrive. The three young men escape from the building just as a college dance is starting to be held. They drive to Billie Jean's house and once inside, Jimmy J. finds Billie Jean in her room dressed like the character Vampira, wearing heavy makeup and a black cape. She attempts to seduce Jimmy J., and when he rebuffs her, she tells him that James Dean would not have pulled away. Charlotte is not pleased when the three young men arrive at her parents house with Billie Jean. Despite Charlotte's protests, Billie Jean darkens the room, lights candles, and clears the furniture. When Charlotte and Jimmy J. are alone, she says she suspects that something is going on between him and Billie Jean. Jimmy J. admits he is untrustworthy, like his father, but he has not had sex with Billie Jean. Later, the group uses a Ouija game board to contact Dean, but only Jimmy J. and Billie Jean feel his presence. Charlotte goes to another room and Billie Jean kisses Jimmy J. passionately. Hanley suggests he join in, and Jimmy J. is outraged that his friend would show such a lack of respect for the moment. Jimmy J. realizes that the college dance is over and Frank and Pat are likely parked by the cemetery. He suggests they take revenge on the couple by going to the graveyard and scaring them, so they paint their faces with ghoulish makeup. At the cemetery, the group wreaks havoc, frightening Frank and Pat, as well as another couple. When the police arrive, Billie Jean drops a candelabrum and her cape catches on fire, leaving her badly burned. Jimmy J. is arrested. The film then jumps forward three weeks later at the homecoming parade. Jimmy J. arrives on a motorcycle, sees Charlotte riding a float, and climbs aboard to speak with her. Although she claims her mother forced her to write Jimmy J. a letter and to break up with him, he is unconvinced and kisses her before climbing off the float. Hanley spots Jimmy J. and greets him warmly as Frank and Pat ride past in the parade, with Frank yelling that he thought Jimmy J. was kicked out of school. Later, Jimmy J. visits Billie Jean, who has come home from the hospital and has not spoken since the accident. She is covered in bandages except for the right side of her face. When Jimmy J. speaks to her, she does not reply and he says it reminds him of the last scene in East of Eden. Jimmy J. confesses that he went to Memphis, Tennessee, the previous night and watched James Dean in the film 'Rebel Without a Cause' four times so that he could tell Billie Jean about it. He recounts how the movie parallels his own life and explains that he is responsible for Billie Jean's injuries the same way James Dean's character is responsible for Plato's death in the film. Jimmy J. apologizes and says he needs her forgiveness because he is leaving for California to visit the spot where James Dean died. When Billie Jean does not answer, he pleads with her, warning her that her mother plans to send Billie Jean to a clinic for shock treatment. Billie Jean blurts out, "Stop it!" and tells him that she does not want to hear any more. She asks him to break all the mirrors in the room because her face is scarred for life. Her mother, Melba Lou Turner (Susan Tyrrell), comes upstairs responding to the noise and becomes upset when Billie Jean reveals that Jimmy J. told her about the shock treatment. Uneasy, Jimmy J. claims his words conjured a scene in a movie; "when life is feels like a movie, it is more real than at any other time". When he tells Billie Jean that she once agreed with him, both she and her mother tell the young man that life is not a movie and he leaves. At the football game, Jimmy J. watches Charlotte's coronation as football queen from behind a fence. In the final scene, Jimmy J. rides away from campus on his motorcycle through town and past the movie theater marquee that reads: Marilyn Monroe in 'The Seven-Year Itch.'
tt0080808
Comedy
A homeless man (Brian O'Mullin) performs a spontaneous song and dance routine for Chuck Barris, host and star of the television talent contest "The Gong Show," who is stopping at local Winchell's Donuts on his way to work. Barris dismisses the man's showmanship and spills coffee on his own shirt. At the television studio, Barris ignores an elderly violin player (Jack Bernardi), the singing group Satisfaction, a trumpet-playing comedian (Harvey Alpert), and dozens of other acts that accost him. When Barris arrives at his office, Buddy Didlo (James B. Douglas), network vice president of programs, says that the show's ratings have dropped slightly, making Barris ineligible for a raise. However, Barris carries on, auditioning 68 acts, which include strippers, folk singers, comedians, body-part playing musicians, street poets and human spiders. Later in the steam room, Barris' friend, Bernie (Harvey Lembeck), says that Barris looks tired and should pay more attention to his health. The next day, Barris tapes five "Gong Show" episodes. One act, Melvin Presar, a chicken-clucking singer, has a heart attack after being called on stage for several encores. At the hospital, Barris tells his girlfriend, Red (Robin Altman), that he feels guilty about making Melvin sick. However, Melvin is so happy to see Barris, he pulls off his oxygen mask and auditions his new act as a budding gingko tree. Barris leaves before Melvin finishes, but Dr. Jerry Queasley (David Sheiner), Melvin's doctor, auditions his "singing chef" act, which ends with Barris drenched in a bowlful of batter. As Barris and Red leave the hospital, Melvin performs until he is dragged back to his room. Red warns Barris to quit the show while he still has his sanity. She suggests he hire a substitute host, but Barris tells her the job beats working in a bank. To unwind, Barris plays guitar and sings with a group of friends called The Hollywood Cowboys. One night, the disgruntled sons of a failed contestant with plans for revenge approach Barris as he returns home. He persuades them to create an act instead of killing him. They later appear on the show and are eliminated by the same judge, who gonged their mother. Later, Didlo announces that ratings have improved, but too many television stations are canceling the show because of its offensive content. At a meeting at Matteo's restaurant to discuss the situation, Barris and Red are seated at a special table in the kitchen, as a cook auditions his singing act. When Didlo arrives, he complains that "The Gong Show" has turned into "The Goon Show." As Barris leaves for the men's room, Didlo follows, citing Barris' various offenses. Barris promises to behave, but then he pees on a man in the adjacent urinal after he is recognized. The next morning, Red fixes Barris breakfast in bed. However, Didlo barges in and insists that Barris sign a statement, agreeing to produce a tasteful show. Afterward, Barris meets with "Gong Show" judge, Jaye P. Morgan, who pledges to put an end to her double entendres. When Barris arrives late to work, multiple acts are waiting to audition and his secretary, Mabel, is worried that he looks tired. Nevertheless, Barris sits through auditions, reminding contestants to stay upbeat even if they are "gonged." Later, Red worries that Barris is on the verge of a nervous breakdown and sends him to a psychiatrist, Dr. Betsy Nolan (Cloyce Morrow), but the doctor determines that Barris is only suffering from exhaustion. He admits he is tired of the show and being known as a buffoon. He wants to do something meaningful. Dr. Betsy urges him to take time off and Red agrees. However, Barris cannot bring himself to stop, and suggests that he and Red end their relationship instead. As she walks out, he stares at photographs on the wall, documenting their love. Barris phones Mabel to announce that he is taking a hiatus and does not know when he will return. The next day, after buying a one-way ticket to Morocco, Barris walks aimlessly through the Moroccan desert until a helicopter appears and lands. A cloaked figure disembarks from the helicopter and approaches. It is Didlo with good news: the affiliate stations want Barris back, and so does Red. The whole entourage of the Gong Show appears to sing Barris "Don't Get Up". In the final scene, Barris returns to "The Gong Show" and receives a standing ovation. The audience is treated to acts like The Vatican Four, The Siamese Connection, Count Banjola, the Unknown Comic doing his impression of an Eskimo urinating, and the show goes on.
tt0079083
Crime,Drama
The Third Generation was once regarded as a highly controversial film in Germany. The Film opens in a high rise overlooking Berlin, Germany, as the sound of a heart beating and the T.V. are heard. Peter Lurz (Eddie Constantine), a well to do and established man in his 60s who sells computers, is looking out the window as his secretary Susanne Gast (Hanna Schygulla) is on the phone behind him. A man in his mid 50s wearing a putty colored trench coat and a hat, Officer Gerhard Gast (Hark Bohm), who's there to pick up Susanne, his daughter in law, engages in a conversation with Lurz. Officer Gast tells Lurz that he is being watched and is under police protection. In route of taking his daughter in-law home for dinner they both have a sexual experience at a hotel room. While having dinner with the whole family, Grandpa Gast (Claus Holm) tells the husband of Susanne, Edgar Gast (Udo Kier) that every generation needs a war. In all this we see visuals pop up of reported headlines of racial and hateful graffiti in public places. Susanne makes her rounds to other contacts. She approaches Hilde Kriger (Bulle Ogier), a school teacher, and tells her "The world as will and idea," a common code phase that is used amongst the terrorist. This is when sound takes the floor in this movie. Characters are introduced sporadically. August Brem (Volker Spengler) approaches Rudolf Mann (Harry Baer) in a record store where he works. The phrase "the world as will and idea" is spoken to him almost like a calling. Petra Vielhabor (Margrit Carstensen) who argues with her husband Hans (Jurgen Draegon) constantly gets the calling. During this time, when all of the characters are introduced, they are surrounded by noise from music, T.V. and radio. They are all extremely paranoid and tense. Their are to meet at Rudolf's apartment so they could meet Paul (Raul Grimenez), their so called leader of the terrorist group. While at the apartment they almost agree to kick out Ilse Hoffman (Y So Lo), a drug addict. They feel that she is a threat. August mentions it first to Rudolph who does nothing because he has compassion for her. Paul arrives and their so excited to see him for the first time. He makes forced arrangements to stay with Hilde in her apartment and rapes her. Two visitors come to see Ilse, Franz Walsch (Gnther Kaufman) and Bernhard Von Stein (Vitus Zepichal). Franz is a long time friend and lover of Ilse. They decide to stay with her and help her drug problem. The others find books in Von Stein's suitcase and start tossing it around as Von Stein cries for it back. They act like children playing in a field. Times are tense and get even worse when Paul is gunned down at a restaurant in front of Edgar who's faced by his father at the site. They are all afraid and decide to change their identity. August gives out paper squares to the group. Some have a mark and some don't. Petra, Rudolf and Hilde got the mark and had to break into the post office. Rudolph peed in his pants, he was so scared. The others laugh when they get back but not for long when Franz finds Ilse dead. Petra and some of the other terrorists rob the very bank that Petra's husband works in. While they are escaping, Petra shoots and kills her husband. They frantically change their looks and names and flee from their homes. Von Stein is seriously interrogated by Officer Gast as to their whereabouts. Von Stein genuinely doesn't know but gets curious and follows August undetected. He sees Lurz give August money to fund terrorism at a Chinese restaurant. August sets up Franz by telling him where Ilse is buried. He then calls the authorities and gets him killed. August does the same to Petra when she is instructed to place a bomb and gets intercepted and killed by police. Von Stein is caught by Officer Gast at the cemetery when he tried to warn Franz that it was a setup and not to go to Ilse's grave. Von Stein tells Officer Gast of what he saw at the Chinese restaurant and mysteriously falls down a long flight of stairs and is killed. Paul Lurz is willingly kidnapped by the remaining terrorists and videotaped in a basement as he slates his name and his position in the state.
tt0396171
Crime,Drama
The film begins with the sentencing of Jean-Baptiste Grenouille (Ben Whishaw), a notorious murderer. Between the reading of the sentence and the execution, the story of his life is told in flashback, beginning with his abandonment at birth in a French fish market. Raised in an orphanage, Grenouille grows into a strangely detached boy with a superhuman sense of smell. After growing to maturity as a tanner's apprentice, he makes his first delivery to Paris, where he revels in the new odors. He focuses on the scent of a kindly girl selling plums (Karoline Herfurth) and startles her with his behavior. To prevent her from crying out, he covers the girl's mouth and unintentionally suffocates her. After realizing that she is dead, he strips her body naked and smells her until the scent fades. Afterwards, Grenouille becomes haunted by the desire to preserve the woman's scent forever. After making a delivery to a perfume shop, Grenouille amazes the Italian owner, Giuseppe Baldini (Dustin Hoffman), with his ability to create fragrances. He revitalizes the perfumer's career with new formulas, demanding only that Baldini teach him how to convert scents into perfume. Baldini explains that all perfumes are harmonies of twelve individual scents, and may contain a theoretical thirteenth scent. He also tells a story about a perfume discovered in an Egyptian tomb that was so perfect that it caused everyone in the entire world to briefly believe they were in paradise the moment the bottle was opened. When Grenouille discovers that Baldini's method of distillation will not capture the scents of all objects, such as iron chains and dead animals, he becomes depressed. After receiving a letter of presentation written by Baldini, Grenouille leaves to learn a different method in Grasse. En route to Grasse, Grenouille realises that he has no scent of his own, and is therefore a cipher. He decides that creating the perfect smell will prove his worth. Upon arrival in Grasse, Grenouille catches the scent of the naive Laura Richis (Rachel Hurd-Wood), daughter of the wealthy Antoine Richis (Alan Rickman) and decides that she will be his "thirteenth scent", the linchpin of his perfect perfume. Grenouille finds a job in Grasse under Madame Arnulfi (Corinna Harfouch) and Dominique Druot (Paul Berrondo) assisting with perfumes and learns the method of enfleurage. He kills a lavender picker and attempts to extract her scent using the method of hot enfleurage, which fails. After this, he tries the method of cold enfleurage on a prostitute and successfully preserves the scent of the woman. Grenouille embarks on a killing spree, murdering beautiful young girls and capturing their scents. He dumps the women's naked corpses around the city, creating panic. After preserving the first twelve scents, Grenouille plans his attack on Laura. During a church sermon against him it is announced that a man has confessed to the murders. Richis remains unconvinced and flees the city with his daughter. Grenouille tracks her scent to a roadside inn and sneaks into her room that night. The next morning, Richis discovers Laura lying dead in her bed. Soldiers capture Grenouille moments after he finishes preparing his perfume. On the day of his execution, he applies a drop of the perfume over himself. The executioner and the crowd in attendance are speechless; the perfume endows Grenouille the essence of innocence and beauty, and they declare Grenouille "innocent" before falling into a massive orgy. Richis, still convinced at Grenouille's guilt, threatens him with his sword, before being overwhelmed by the scent and embracing Grenouille as his "son". Eventually, the town awakens and decides that the godly Grenouille could not have been the murderer. Druot is convicted for the murders and hanged, since it was his backyard where the clothes and hair of the victims were found. Walking out of Grasse unscathed, Grenouille has enough perfume to rule the world, but has discovered that it will not allow him to love or be loved like a normal person. Disenchanted by his aimless quest and tired of his life, he returns to Paris. Back in the city, Grenouille returns to the fish market where he was born and dumps the perfume on his head. Overcome by the scent and in the belief that Grenouille is an angel, the nearby crowd devours him. The next day, all that is left are his clothes and the open perfume bottle, from which one final drop of perfume falls.
tt0386588
Comedy,Romance
The movie opens with Alex Hitchens (Will Smith) talking about how men just need that little push to get the woman of their dreams and how he helps them do that. All he needs is three dates and usually after that third date its love - he pretty much can guarantee that. We then see a flashback to when Alex was in college. He is definitely not the coolest person on campus (go back to Fresh Prince era with glasses). He meets a girl and they instantly click and we see them kissing and Alex explains to her how he is in love with her and we think she feels the same (maybe not as much as him), but he finds her in a car with another guy making out. Alex is upset and screams that he just wants to know why this has happened" and all she can say is she is sorry. That basically explains why he wanted to start the secret "date doctor" business. The only men he will help are ones that are referred to him. We also see in the beginning a woman named Sara Melas (Eva Mendes) going back to work from a short vacation with big news about a man who cheated on an heiress named Allegra Cole (Amber Valletta). While Sara was on vacation she spotted the cheating man on the same beach she was at and had to come back to work to write the article for her gossip column in the New York Standard. This pleases her boss and he praises her for her hard work, but questions that she may be working too hard at her job and not at her personal life. She doesn't seem to concerned and blows the subject off. That evening we see Hitch out at a bar with a pal playing pool. Hitch has to prove to his pal that he can get any girl to come over and talk to them and he seems very confident. At this same time we see Sara at the same bar talking to her friend Julie( Julie Ann Emery) Julie is explaining to Sara about a guy she met at a lingerie store and how he said he was there buying something for his mother and they exchanged phone #'s. Sara doesn't buy it and says that the guy was definitely not there to buy something for his mother, but Casey seems desperate enough to believe the guy. The next day we see Hitch standing outside of a building watching an overweight man who is very clumsily eating a hot dog. Hitch is amused at how awful this guy seems and introduces himself to the man who's name is Albert. (Kevin James) Albert explains that he needs Hitch's help in getting to know a woman who he is head over heels for. It turned out to be Allegra Cole (the heiress whose boyfriend was caught cheating on her). Albert also works for Allegra as one of her financial advisers. Hitch is highly amused that Albert would even go as far as to liking a woman like Allegra, but he agrees because he can see that Albert is sincere and does seem to have true feelings for Allegra. Then begins the training that Albert has to do to get close to Allegra. Hitch tells him the first thing he should try to do is something over the top impressive to Allegra. We see Albert in a business meeting with his fellow colleagues and Allegra. Allegra has a suggestion for how she would like to spend some of her fortune and explains that she has a friend named Maggie that is wanted to start a fashion line and she would like 1/2 million dollars to invest in this. The lead adviser says that he thinks it can be worked out, but he wants a month to make arrangements. This disappoints Allegra because it is something she really wants now. Albert speaks up and begins to take sides with Allegra, saying that this is her money, she should do what she wants with it and since she is an adult she shouldn't have to ask what she should to with it. The lead adviser is shocked by Albert's reaction, but in the end Albert said he would just quit this job. He goes back in his office where Hitch is. Albert is so uptight about what happened and takes out his asthma medicine. Hitch and Albert have a scuffle so Albert can calm down. During the scuffle Allegra knocks on the door and tells Albert she is shocked about what just happened, but wants to get with him this week to go over some things about the plan for her friend's fashion line. He nervously agrees while Hitch is never seen behind the door. That night Hitch is back at the bar we saw him before, as is Sara. We see a man coming on strong to her and she politely says she isn't interested but he won't go away. Hitch sees what is going on and comes over and acts like he is with Sara. He asks her how her meeting was and she plays along and the man takes the notion that they are really together. Hitch and Sara have a flirty conversation about dating and they introduce themselves, but Hitch leaves the conversation short, leaving her extremely interested and impressed. The next day we see Sara get a package at her work place. It ends up being walkie talkies and Hitch is on the other line he asks her to go out on jet skis with him. She turns him down once, but he is persistent and she agrees to and then she receives another package from him with a wet suit inside. The date ends up horrific. Will kicks her off her jet ski, he digs up some information about her family history which he thinks she will be impressed with, but it also turns out to be bad, but she isn't too upset in the end and we think they will see each other again. We also see Hitch help Albert plan a day with Allegra. This time they are going to a fashion event to meet her friend Maggie. Hitch helps him learn how to dance properly, but he doesn't get it. The date isn't perfect by no means. Albert meets Maggie, who ends up being a man, so he is a bit tongue tied as to what to say. He also dances awful and reporters capture it with their cameras, but Allegra seems to be having a good time with him. The twist now comes into play. Hitch meets a prospective client named Vance. (Jeffery Donovan) Vance says he just wants to get in bed with someone he met a lingerie store (Sara's friend Casey) and thinks Hitch will be able to help him to that fast. Hitch doesn't like this guy at all and tries to leave, but Vance thinks money can change his mind. Hitch explains that this job isn't to help men like him and leaves. We then see Sara and her boss discussing gossip that got out about Allegra being at an event with an unknown man (Albert). He is upset that Sara didn't get the scoop and wants to know what is going on. Sara finds out that Hitch is the one who got the tickets to this event for Allegra and Albert. She asks him how he knows them. He says he doesn't know them and tries to deny it. Later, Sara asks him to dinner and her boss ends up being there and they both try to get more info on Allegra and Albert. While they are eating Hitch begins to have trouble swallowing and begins to have an allergic reaction to the food. He swells up like a balloon and gets drugged up on Benedryl. Sara again tries to get more info out of him, but he doesn't really budge, but does tell him that the two are going to the Knicks game tomorrow night. Sara ends up going to the game to get photos of them for her column. The next day we see Casey upset about her date last night. She slept with the guy at the lingerie store, but he had left her in a hurry. She said she would like to kick the date Dr. that so called helped the man she went out with. Sara finds the jerk that Casey went out with to see who this date Dr. is. All he can tell her is where she could find him he doesn't know his name. So, she sets this date Dr. up to meet a guy friend of hers on a fake meeting. She finds out that the date Dr. is Hitch and is upset but runs off instead of asking him what is going on. She is so upset that she ends up writing a gossip article on him exploiting the situation without getting the right facts. She also includes Albert and Allegra in this so Allegra thinks that everything was an act. Albert is crushed and Hitch is ruined. Hitch is upset that Sara didn't get the facts before writing the article. She ends up learning the truth and apologizes to Hitch, but he is too upset to accept this and blows her off. Later, we see Hitch preparing to move out of his apartment and Albert comes in to ask Hitch if he can fix this situation. Hitch is bitter about everything and thinks love is over rated. Albert tells him that Hitch was a liar for what he did to all the men he helped. He shouldn't help men out with love if he doesn't believe in it. Albert leaves upset and Hitch begins to think about everything. He decides to help Albert and runs to meet Allegra to tell her that Albert wasn't acting about how he feels for her. that all the dorky things he did on their dates was really him. Allegra believes him and she takes Albert back. Hitch then goes to Sara to tell her his feelings, but he has a difficult time. Now, he is the one needing a date Dr. to get his words right. Sara isn't buying it and tries to tell him to leave, but he doesn't. He ends up telling her how he feels about her, but Sara opens the door and there is another man there. Sara says its to late and starts to leave with the man. Hitch goes after them and he jumps on their car and she finally stops. The man ends up being her brother in law and she takes Hitch back. They have a sweet reunion and in the end we see Albert and Allegra at their wedding. Everyone's happy.
tt0094737
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
Idiotic twelve year old Josh Baskin is in line to go on a ride at a carnival. Directly behind him is a cute girl he knows from school, who strikes up a conversation with him. When he gets to the front, he is smaller than the wooden cutout used to determine whether one is big enough to go on the ride, and he is extremely humiliated. Moments later, he puts a coin in a fortune telling machine and is told to make a wish. In the wake of his embarrassment, he, innocently enough, wishes that he were big. To his astonishment, when Josh awakes the next morning, his wish has been granted. Though still a twelve year old child in every respect but physically, he is no longer recognizable to his mother, he must leave home and, once he learns that resolving his problem will take a long time, has no choice but to try to make his own way This means getting a job and mingling in the world of adults. As it turns out, the job he gets at a toy manufacturer is perfect for him, as his insight into what toys kids will like greatly impresses senior management, and leads to an executive position. Handsome with an understandably youthful exuberance, Josh is attractive to a female executive in his company, and the result is a romantic interlude which, due to his inexperience, he is largely incapable of handling. Eventually, he shares his secret with her, but, at first, she doesn't believe him. As she gets a closer and closer look at his behavior, however, she comes to understand. Finally, Josh finds the arcade machine that had granted his wish, and wishes to have the original wish undone, returning to his mother after weeks away form home. The real beauty of the movie lies in the realization that an adult that manages to maintain the exuberance of youth is one to be greatly envied, and while the means by which this message is conveyed is highly unconventional, the message is delivered with insight and clarity.
tt0316396
Adventure,Family,Fantasy
At the end of the nineteenth certury the Darling family live in a townhouse in London. Father works for the Bank of London. Mother stays home and cares for the children with some help from the family St Bernard/nurserymaid, Nana and occasional visits from Aunt Millicent. Father has ambitions to be promoted and to move up in the social ladder but his hopes are dashed by his imaginitive children's antics. This is not a cartoon but a live-action film. Wendy Darling, the oldest of the children regales her two brothers with tales of the pirates, Captain Hook and his nemisis--Peter Pan. Wendy is to be barred from the nursery when a misunderstanding with her prudish teacher leads her to a detention at school. In her effort to explain to her father she races to his bank followed by her brothers and, of course, Nana. Nana's inability to find traction on the slippery bank floor leads to a crash into not only the children's father but also his superiors. That night a humiliated Mr Darling announces that Wendy must leave the nursery and take instruction from her stuffy but well-meaning Aunt Millicent, who is the only one who can see that Wendy, like her beautiful mother, has a hidden kiss in the corner of her mouth. In an effort to regain face at the bank Mr and Mrs Darling leave for the evening to attend a social event held by the bank president. On this, her last night in the nursery, Wendy tells her most thrilling tale of Peter Pan and Captain Hook unaware that Peter and his fairy companion, Tinkerbell and Peter are outside the nursery windonw listening intently. Tink approaches the window too closely and accidentally alerts Nana of their presence. In the ensuing confusion Peter's shadow is torn off and locked in a hallway dresser. Later, after the children are asleep, Peter and Tink sneak into the house to locate the errant shadow. The find it, but Peter is unable to reattach it. Frustrated, he breaks down in tears waking Wendy. Unable to understand the attraction she feels toward this strange boy, Wendy offers to sew his shadow back on growing more and more interested in his tales of adventure in Neverland. First she offers him a kiss but when he is clearly unaware what the word means, she give him her thimble receiving an acorn from him in exchange. Then she offers him a "thimble" this time placing a gentle kiss on the confused boy's cheek. Even if he doesn't understand Wendy's actions, Peter knows her to be a first-class storyteller and eagerly offers to teach all three children to fly. They joyfully follow him out the window of the nursery and off to the Second Star on the Right and Straight on till Morning. As it happens, whenever Peter is away Neverland become locked in a freeze and nowhere is it felt more than off the coast aboard the Jolly Roger--the home of Captain Hook and his crew. A sudden thaw alerts all on board that the boy is back! They prepare to once more resume their endless war with Peter's crew, the Lost Boys. But first, Tinkerbell selflessly drinks the poison that that Hook tried to leave in Pan's medicine cup for him to drink. With tears streaming from his eyes, Peter carries the lifeless fairy outside and starts to say, over and over, "I do believe in fairies! I do! I do!" Before long the entire cast (including the pirates) are saying it too! Tink wakes up and flies about, casting fairy dust in every direction. Wendy and Peter finally kiss and Wendy calls it a thimble. They fly home on the pirate ship that's full of fairy dust and take back Wendy, John and Michael to their parents who have missed them so terribly. All the Lost Boys get adopted by the Darlings and Nibs by Aunt Millicent! And what of the boy who never grew up? Well lets just say he still listens to Wendy's stories even now when she's a woman, and he always returns to Never Land, destined to never grow up...
tt0959337
Drama,Romance
The movie begins at a house party, where Frank Wheeler (Leonardo DiCaprio) eyes April (Kate Winslet) from across the room. They go to the corner, introduce themselves and chat. She says she is learning to be an actress. Next scene we jump immediately to the end of a play, as the curtain is about to come down. We see April on stage upset, and Frank in the audience with a huge frown on his face. Some people clap and cheer and some are really disappointed with the play, walking by Frank as they go on about how terrible it was. Mrs. Helen Givings (Kathy Bates) walks by and compliments Frank that his wife was terrific in the play. Frank smiles and walks away. Frank goes backstage looking for April. On the way he sees Milly Campbell (Kathryn Hahn), who was also in the play. She tells Frank that she and her husband Shep (David Harbour) are ready for a drink. Frank agrees and goes to the private dressing room where he finds a devastated April changing. She asks Frank to tell Milly and Shep they cannot go out for a drink, using their nanny as an excuse. Frank and April argue a bit but Frank obliges. We then see a far shot of Frank and April leaving in the hallway of a high school with obvious distance between the two of them, not saying a word, even when they are in the car. While driving, Frank turns and tells April that it wasn't her fault that the play was bad, it was because it was unprofessional with lousy scripts and amateur actors and actresses around her. Not only does April not appreciate his comments, she asks Frank not to talk about it. They argue some more and Frank pulls the car over. Frank tells April that it's not his fault the play sucked -he is being very supportive and he is not going to put up with anymore of the bullshit she is giving him. April gets out of the car and Frank follows angrily. They scream at each other about how Frank is always trying to talk things out while all she wants to do is have peace and quiet to deal with it herself. The argument gets heated and April insults Frank about trying to be tough and manly. Frank makes a fist and looks like he is about to hit April but he controls his urge to hit her and starts to pound the hood of their car instead, hurting his hand. April asks Frank to take her home. They drive off. Now the title Revolutionary Road comes to screen. We see Frank getting ready to go to work. Dressed in a grey suit and a hat, he drives to the station and takes the train into the city. The setting is suburban Connecticut in the 1950s. We now see April stopping to stare at the neighborhood as she is taking out the trash. She flashes back to sitting in the car with Frank while Mrs. Givings, their realtor, is driving. Throughout the drive Mrs. Givings keeps mentioning how the two of them are so different from anyone else in the neighborhood. This is a recurring reference, people mentioning Frank and April Wheeler as the model couple of the town. They pull up to the house they eventually buy and we see how delighted April is with it. Flash back to present day. Frank is within hundreds of other people heading to work - his face shows just how miserable he is with this everyday routine. While riding the elevator a cute young secretary gives him a glance which puts a smile on Frank's face. On his way to his cubicle Frank trades pleasantries and miseries with his coworkers. He is called into the boss's office for a discussion regarding a bad job he did. (We realize Frank works in Knoxx as a salesperson like his dad did all his life.) He is ticked at being yelled at by his boss so he revises his work with a half-assed, joking attitude that could very well cost him his job. Frank then goes to the cute secretary he saw in the elevator earlier and asks her to type the revised edition for him and asks her out for lunch. During lunch they drink martinis and he calls the office to tell them that he needs the secretary for the day to help him do research. After he hangs up they both laugh. During their conversation, Frank tells the secretary a joke; the joke is that his dad worked all his life at the same company as a salesperson and he thinks that he was the most miserable man he has ever known and swore he would never be like him. Years later he is doing the exact same job his dad did all his life. To top that off, today is his 30th birthday and he is miserable. Frank and the secretary go to her apartment where they have sex. He then leaves in a hurry with a very casual good-bye, leaving the secretary feeling used. Frank gets home and is greeted with a kiss by a dressed up April. He is then surprised with a birthday cake by April, their son Michael (Ty Simpkins) and their daughter Jennifer (Ryan Simpkins) who sing Happy Birthday to him which bring tears of joy to his eyes. Around this time of the movie April is flipping through old pictures and finds a picture of Frank and his buddies standing in front of the Eiffel Tower. April has a flashback of the first night she slept with Frank when he told her if he has a choice he would live in Paris where people actually have lives. April tells him that he is the most interesting person she has ever met. At night after a shower, April asks to talk to Frank. She proposes the idea that between their savings and selling their house they would have enough money to survive without work for six months and wants them to move to Paris. She believes that they pay secretaries so well that Frank can finally have the time to enjoy his life and all and they can get away from this misery they are in right now. At first Frank just laughs off the idea but then begins to buy into it. They agree and hug. They break the news to their friends Shep and Milly Campbell who are shocked but supportive as Frank and April are so serious and so convincing of how their lives in Paris would be. At night, Shep and Milly laugh at this idea but Milly also cries, maybe at the notion of friends leaving or that the friends are on to better lives than theirs. April invites Mr. and Mrs. Givings and their troubled son John (Michael Shannon), who currently resides in a psychiatric ward, to a gathering (actually a favor to Mrs. Givings, who believes meeting the perfect couple will do her son good). John is a very blunt man and has no sense of manners at all. Frank and April are patient and allow John to ridicule everything they have to say. Frank and April mention they are leaving their lives here and starting a new one in Paris. This causes John to laugh at everything his mother believed, that the perfect couple couldn't even stand this place. Frank and April ask John to go for a walk with them afterwards. During the walk, Frank and April learn that John gets electroshock constantly for his mental problems, and in some ways, they bond during the talk. John asks why they are leaving here and Frank's answer is to leave this place of helplessness. John agrees and says it takes a wise man to see it, but a brave man to admit this sense of helplessness. In the next couple of weeks the Wheelers are preparing for their new lives; April gets their visas and all of their traveling documents taken care of and Frank continues going to work but with so much more joy. They seem to be happier now, no more arguments and definitely very loving. Frank is called into the boss's office one morning with the chief executive inside as well. Frank is so sure he is going to get fired (which he doesn't care about) for the half-assed work he did a couple of weeks ago. Turns out his half-assed work hit the jackpot and got great reviews within the company which leads them to offer Frank a promotion working with the chief executive on a new project: computers. Frank doesn't take the job yet, nor does he mention it to April. They are so happy that they are taking this step at a new life that they make love right there in the kitchen. After a while the chief executive calls Frank in for a fancy dinner to talk about the promotion. The chief executive really wants Frank in and he is tempted but not fully willing to take the job. Frank asks if he knows his father, who worked at the company for 30 years, the chief says no. The chief tells him that a man only gets a couple of chances in life so when the opportunity comes, he better grab onto it as tight as possible because there just might not be another one coming. This gets Frank thinking. Later, April tells Frank that she is 10 weeks pregnant and they both are worried. She says there are options as long as it is before the 12th week. They agree that a child would not be an option for them to take to Paris as it changes the whole plan. Frank is not supportive of the idea of abortion. Next we see the Wheelers and the Campbells at the beach enjoying the sunshine and the water. Frank, knowing April can hear the conversation, speaks loudly to Shep about what a great opportunity it is and how much more money he is being offered for the promotion. April notices Frank is starting to lean away from their idea of a new life in Paris and they argue at the beach - Frank jumps into the water to cool off. At night, while they argue some more, Frank goes to the restroom and as he is getting a towel he notices an abortion kit on the shelf. He is furious and starts to scream at April. During the argument she mentions that the reason they moved here was because of an unplanned pregnancy and that she doesn't want to decide another part of their lives for the same reason. She said she has no plans to use the kit for sure but she got it just in case. They argue some more and April understands that Paris is no longer an option. The next day Frank takes the promotion and while staying late, he goes out with the young secretary again. Another night Frank, April, Milly and Shep go out dancing. Milly and Shep are happy that the Paris trip is not going to happen, everyone is happy except for April. Frank asks April to dance but April says no so he dances with Milly instead. At the end of the night when they are leaving their cars are blocked in so since both of their nannies are waiting, April stays with Shep to wait for the car to be moved while Frank takes Milly home to relieve the nannies. April and Shep go back into the bar and start to dance with a lot of flirting and implications which leads to them having sex in his car. Shep tells April that he loves her and April tells him not to talk. The next day Frank sees how unhappy April is and worries that they haven't slept on the same bed ever since the Paris trip got canceled. He decides to tell April how much he loves her and how he wants to make her happy here at home. He goes so far as to tell her that he had an affair but he ended it. April is not even mad hearing it. She says she feels nothing, because she no longer loves him. Just then, Mrs. Givings stops by along with her husband and her son John. As they eat dinner they mention that Paris is no longer an option and that April is going to have a baby. This gets John upset so he starts to insult Frank and April saying that he is not a man anymore because he is eating his own words about the helplessness and all that. Frank starts to get mad and impatient while John goes on to say Frank only feels like a man because he knocked April up. This gets the Givings kicked out of the house, and on the way out, John jokingly apologizes but says he is happy about one thing, that he is not that kid that is going to be born into this miserable family. When the Givings leave, April and Frank get into another heated argument. Frank is so emotional and angry that he slams the door, punches the wall, throws lamps, breaks chairs and is completely out of control. April says that if Frank touches her she will scream, Frank holds her hand and she screams and runs out of the house. Frank chases after her into the woods. April tells Frank to leave her alone, that she doesn't want to talk things out; she just wants to be alone to think it through. Frank complies and leaves her in the woods. While in the house, Frank sits in a chair in the living room, drinking and worrying about April and her safety but when she comes back she does not come into the house, she just keeps smoking right outside the door while Frank stays in the house with the lights off. The next morning Frank is ready to go to work and he sees a beautiful and 'rejuvenated' April preparing breakfast, asking Frank politely how he wants his eggs. Frank is caught off guard but is relieved that the whole drama is done and they go on to have breakfast. During breakfast, he talks about his work and the new computer to April who appears interested in every word he has to say and tells him he should take pleasure in what he does. They have an awkward goodbye at the door with a kiss and wavery smile from April. Frank asks if she still loves him and she replies with a calm yes. Frank leaves in his car. Back in the house, April's fragile demeanor cracks and she cries while doing the dishes. She calls Milly to ask her to tell her children that she loves them very much. She boils a pot of water and lays down some towels on the bathroom floor while she holds the abortion kit in her hand as she closes the door. We then see April gently walk down the stairs to the living room where she looks out the window; she bleeds all over the carpet and her skirt, then calls the ambulance. At the hospital, Frank is worried and crying while Shep comforts him. He talks about broken capillaries and other stuff the doctor told him that he couldn't understand. He finishes with "she did it to her herself." Shep leaves to get Frank some coffee and is seen crying at the vending machine. He returns to see Frank get news that April did not make it because she bled out too much before the ambulance got to her. Frank runs down the street. The next scene we see Milly and Shep with a new couple in their house and they are sharing the tragic story of the Wheelers. Milly mentions that Frank moved back into the city with the kids and he was the most devoted father there is, spending all his time with them. Shep walks out to the backyard and Milly follows suit. Shep tells Milly that he no longer wants to talk about the Wheelers and she says okay, both subdued for a minute with memories. They hug and kiss and walk back inside the house. We see a scene of Frank sitting on a park bench watching his children on the swings, looking sad and thoughtful. When one of his kids calls him, he looks up and smiles softly, looking wistfully a little happier. In the final scene, Mrs. Givings is sitting on the couch talking to her husband Howard (Richard Easton). She talks about the neighborhood and what it has become. When Howard mentions the Wheelers, Mrs. Givings starts to criticize them as being somewhat neurotic and difficult, neglecting the house. As she is going on and on about it, he begins to turn down his hearing aid, and smiles faintly with the new silence.
tt0099348
Adventure,Drama,Western
During a US Civil War battle in Tennessee, Union Army Officer Lieutenant John J. Dunbar (Kevin Costner) learns that his injured leg is to be amputated. Seeing the plight of fellow soldiers with amputated legs, Dunbar refuses amputation and steals a nearby horse. He attempts suicide by riding a horse across the line of fire, between the opposing Union and Confederate positions, who have been in a stalemate for days. His action has the unexpected effect of rallying his comrades, who storm the distracted Confederates and win the battle. After the ensuing battle, an experienced general's surgeon saves Dunbar's leg. The commanding officer recognizes Dunbar as a hero and gives him Cisco, the horse who carried him in battle, and offers Dunbar his choice of posting. Dunbar, anxious to see the American frontier before it disappears due to mass settlement from the East, requests transfer west. After meeting with Major Fambrough (Maury Chaykin), who has slipped into delusions of grandeur (apparently believing he is a king and Dunbar a medieval knight), he is paired with a drayage teamster named Timmons (Robert Pastorelli), who conveys Dunbar to his post. Immediately after Dunbar meets leaves with Timmons, Fambrough commits suicide with his pistol. After a scenic journey, Dunbar and Timmons arrive with fresh supplies at the desolate Fort Sedgwick, finding it deserted except for a lone wolf that Dunbar later befriends and dubs Two Socks, because of the coloring of its front legs. Dunbar, while waiting for reinforcements to arrive, sets about bringing order the deserted post, left in complete disarray by its previous occupants. Meanwhile, Timmons, while returning to their point of departure, is ambushed by Pawnee Indians and scalped. Timmons' death and the suicide of the major who sent them there prevents Union officers from knowing of Dunbar's assignment to the post, effectively isolating Dunbar. Dunbar remains unaware of the full situation and its implications. He notes in his journal how strange it is that no more soldiers join him at the post. Dunbar initially encounters Sioux neighbors when the tribe's medicine man, Kicking Bird (Graham Greene), happens upon the fort while Dunbar bathes out of sight, and, assuming it abandoned, attempts to capture Cisco. After a naked Dunbar scares off Kicking Bird, he is confronted by an aggressive warrior named Wind in His Hair (Rodney A. Grant), who declares that he is not scared of the white man. Wind in His Hair and his compatriots' attempt to capture Cisco ends in failure when the horse throws off his would-be thief. Eventually, Dunbar establishes a rapport with Kicking Bird, but the language barrier frustrates them. Believing that he should take the initiative in establishing communication with the tribe, Dunbar dresses himself in his Army uniform and rides out to meet them. On the way, Dunbar interrupts the suicide attempt of Stands With A Fist (Mary McDonnell), a white woman captured by the tribe as a child and recently widowed. Eventually Kicking Bird and Wind in His Hair visit Dunbar at the fort and realize that the lieutenant wants to know where to find herds of buffalo, the first word that they share. Dunbar finds himself drawn to the lifestyle and customs of the tribe, and becomes a hero among the Sioux and accepted as an honorary member of the tribe after he helps them locate a migrating herd of buffalo, which they depend upon as a source of food, material, and clothing. Dunbar further helps defend the settlement against a Pawnee raiding party, providing the Sioux warriors with surplus rifles and ammunition which he'd buried near the fort. He eventually is accepted as a full member of the tribe. After members of the tribe witness him playing with Two Socks, he is named Sugmnitu Taka Ob'wahi ("Dances with Wolves"; ugmnitu Taka means large coyote, the Lakota word for wolf). Dunbar falls in love with Stands With A Fist, a relationship forbidden by the recent death of her husband in battle but consummated in secret. The two eventually win the approval of Kicking Bird, who takes on the role of her father, and marry. Dunbar subsequently spends more time living with the tribe than manning his post at Fort Sedgwick. Wind In His Hair, his last rival, acknowledges him as a friend. Dunbar's idyll ends when he tells Kicking Bird that white men will continue to invade their land in "numbers like the stars." They tell Chief Ten Bears (Floyd 'Red Crow' Westerman), who shows them a Conquistador's helmet that had been in his family for generations. The chief decides it is time to move the village to its winter camp. As the packing finishes, Dunbar realizes that his journal, left behind at the deserted fort, is a blueprint for finding the tribe, revealing that he knows far too much about their ways. Wearing Indian clothing, he returns to Fort Sedgwick to retrieve the journal but finds it is has suddenly been occupied by newly arrived Army troops. They see Dunbar and initially assuming he is an Indian, kill his horse Cisco and capture Dunbar. When they recognize Dunbar as a white man, they treat him as a deserter, punishable by death. Dunbar tells Lt. Elgin (Charles Rocket) (whom Dunbar met earlier in Maj. Fambrough's office) that he has a journal containing his orders for his posting to Fort Sedgwick. Spivey (Tony Pierce), one of the first soldiers to arrive at the fort, denies the existence of the journal, which he had found and has in his pocket. After further beating, Dunbar declares in the Lakota language that his name is Dances With Wolves. Army officers and a few troops set off to deliver Dunbar to Fort Hayes for execution. When they happen upon Two Socks, they shoot at the wolf, who refuses to leave Dunbar. Despite his attempts to intervene, Two Socks is fatally wounded, Dunbar is hit in the head again and the convoy moves off. Soon after, Wind In His Hair and other warriors from the tribe attack the column of men, rescuing Dunbar. Smiles A Lot (Nathan Lee Chasing His Horse) retrieves Dunbar's journal floating in a stream. After returning to the winter camp, Dunbar realizes that as a deserter and fugitive, he will continue to draw the unwelcome attention of the Army and endanger the welfare of the tribe if he stays with the Sioux. Under the protests of his Sioux friends, Dunbar decides that he must leave the tribe, saying he must speak to those who would listen. His wife decides to accompany him. As Dances With Wolves and Stands With A Fist leave the camp, Wind In His Hair cries out that Dances with Wolves will always be his friend, a remembrance of their first confrontation. Shortly afterward, a column of cavalry and Pawnee army scouts arrive to find their former camp site empty.
tt0120347
Action,Adventure,Thriller
On the border region of Russia, a large bazaar of illegally obtained weapons are being sold to international terrorists. Far away, in an observation room, M, her assistant, Charles Robinson and a British admiral, Roebuck, are watching the operation through cameras placed by an agent they've sent into the area. They identify many of the weapons and several of the buyers. Over M's protests that her agent has not finished his reconnaissance, the officers agree to launch a guided missile into the area believing that they will eliminate half of the world's most dangerous criminals. The missile is launched from a British frigate and speeds toward the target just as the command center receives a radio call from their agent on the scene. Among the camera images is a plane holding two powerful soviet nuclear weapons which may be triggered by the guided missile, or at least cause a horrific environmental disaster with the plutonium they contain being scattered throughout the area. An attempt to abort the missile attack fails and the agent, who is revealed to be James Bond, rushes into the area to steal the plane and the bombs. The attack causes most of the terrorists to flee the area. Bond reaches the plane and knocks the pilot in it unconscious. He successfully escapes the valley before the missile hits but is pursued by another of the surviving terrorists in a plane identical to his. He evades the 2nd plane, however, the pilot he knocked out awakes and throws a heavy cord around Bond's neck. Bond keeps control of the plane, flying under the second one and activates the rear ejection seat of his own plane, throwing the man up into the other plane, causing it to explode. Bond contacts the command center and tells them he is flying home with the nukes, asking the admiral where he wants his bombs delivered. In the South China sea, a British missile frigate, the HMS Devonshire, is on patrol and is being threatened by Chinese MIGs. They are supposedly far off their course and in Chinese territorial waters, despite what their satellite position tells them. Nearby, an odd-looking boat, equipped with stealth technology, launches a sea drill into the water and punctures the hull of the British ship. It continues into the ship causing much damage and the ship sinks. The boat's commanding officer, Richard Stamper, contacts his boss, Elliot Carver, a British media mogul, to tell him the 1st part of the operation is complete. Carver approves and gives Stamper the go-ahead for the 2nd part: many of the sailors aboard escape and are swimming towards the stealth ship. Stamper proceeds to shoot the survivors with the same type of ammunition that would've been used by the Chinese. Back at his own command center, Carver is writing the headline for his international newspaper, "Tomorrow", trying to decide if the words "British Soldiers Murdered" will generate the proper outrage. In London, Bond is called back to duty during a romantic tryst. He is ordered to investigate Carver's involvement in the Devonshire incident. Besides the critical details of the incident being released hours before they became known in the latest edition of Tomorrow, MI6 has traced the mysterious signal that interfered with the communications with the Devonshire to one of Carver's satellites. Bond's lead-in to get to Carver will be a past relationship with Carver's wife Paris. Bond travels to Hamburg, Germany where Carver is scheduled to hold a big unveiling of his new media center. At the airport, he meets Q who provides him with a cellular phone and his car, a BMW 750 that can be remotely driven by the phone. Bond attends Carver's gala party and reconnects with Paris Carver and meets a new woman, Wai Lin, who claims to be from the New China news agency. During the gala party, Bond is apprehended by a few of Carver's thugs who take him to a sound proof room to beat him senseless. He overpowers them and shuts down Carver's broadcast. He returns to his hotel room to find Paris Carver waiting for him. The two sleep together and she tells him a way to infiltrate Carver's Hamburg media headquarters. The next day, Bond breaks into the headquarters of Carver's media company and finds the office occupied by Henry Gupta, Carver's communications specialist and known techno-terrorist. In Gupta's safe, Bond finds a CIA decoder device, the same one Gupta took from the arms bazaar Bond infiltrated earlier. It is believed that the device may have been used by Gupta to guide the Devonshire off course. Bond takes the decoder and is leaving the building when he is discovered by the guards. While escaping the factory, Bond spots Lin leaving as well. Bond is able to leave the factory in his car, which he drives to the parking garage of his hotel. On the way, he gets a call from Carver, who has been tipped off about his wife's involvement with Bond thanks to Gupta enhancing surveillance footage, and the theft of the decoder. Bond activates the security system of his car and goes to his room. There he finds Paris, dead on the bed. A videotape playing nearby shows a completed Carver broadcast saying Paris will be discovered murdered with an unidentified man, who will be found dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. The murderer, the sadistic Dr. Kaufman, promptly appears and takes Bond hostage at gunpoint. He is going to shoot Bond and make it look like a murder-suicide, showing Bond the videotape that will be shown on Carver's network. He is about to shoot Bond when he suddenly is informed over his earpiece by Stamper that the BMW's security system makes it impossible for Carver's men to get the decoder. Dr. Kaufman is told to torture Bond to find out how to get into the car. Bond hands over his cell phone and gives a code to punch in which will unlock the car. The phone sends a powerful electric shock into Dr. Kaufman and Bond turns the doctor's gun on the man and shoots him, completing the Carver media image of Paris' death. Bond returns to the parking garage and activates his car with his phone. He jumps into a rear window and pilots the car from the back seat. Carver's men have set up several traps for him but the car's defenses and weapons allow Bond to escape them. He pilots the car to the top level of the garage, jumps out and allows it to drive off the edge and plummet to the street where it lands directly in the Avis Rental office he got the car from. Bond reports to the South China Sea where he meets with American and British military officials and his CIA contact, Jack Wade. Bond shows the group how the decoder works and was used to change the location of the Devonshire. Now that they know were to find the sunken ship, Bond will explore it to prove that the ship was deliberately set off-course. Armed with a parachute and scuba gear, Bond must "HALO" jump into the wreck site, opening his chute a short distance above the water to avoid radar detection. Moments before Bond jumped, military officials discover that the site of the Devonshire is not actually in Chinese waters but those of Vietnam, making Bond's HALO jump more dangerous. Bond reaches the wreck and finds Wai Lin there already. The two discover that two of the Devonshire's guided missiles have been stolen. They surface before the ship sinks deeper into the sea and are promptly captured by Stamper on a Vietnamese fishing boat. They are taken to Carver HQ in Saigon, where they reveal they've been working together on the case for months. Carver orders Stamper to torture them both. Bond and Lin, though handcuffed together, start a gunfight and escape the building. They steal a motorcycle and are chased through the streets until cornered by Carver's helicopter. They grab a cable and are able to throw it into the tail rotor of the chopper, which crashes. Shortly after, while cleaning up, Lin unfastens her handcuff and refastens it to a pipe and leaves Bond behind. He quickly frees himself and tails her to her hideout. She's attacked by several thugs but Bond intervenes and they beat them. They decide to search for Carver's stealth boat together and re-arm themselves, Bond taking a Walther P-99 pistol as his new sidearm. The two search several areas large enough for Carver to hide his stealth craft and get lucky on the last cove. The board the boat and plan to plant explosive charges to disrupt it's radar cover and make it visible to the British fleet. Lin is captured and Bond sneaks inside. Carver reveals his ultimate plan; he will launch one of the stolen British missiles into China, provoking a war. The new conflict will be covered by his media group and he will bid for exclusive rights to media coverage in China when his secret partner General Chang takes control of the Chinese government and miraculously ends the conflict. Bond is able to take Gupta hostage; Carver kills Gupta openly after the tech-expert tells his boss that the preparations are complete. However, a grenade planted by Bond with a small triggering device goes off near several flammable gas tanks, causing a huge explosion. The boat, now visible to radar, is attacked by the British navy, while the Chinese Air Force is ordered to stand down, unless the boat turns towards China. Carver orders Stamper to go ahead with the missile launch. Bond goes to deal with the missile, while Wai Lin heads to the engine room to disable the engines to make it easier for the British navy to destroy the boat. With the boat disintegrating around them, Bond fights through several of Carver's henchmen and corners the villain. Bond activates the sea drill hanging nearby and forces Carver into its path, killing him, while Wai Lin is captured by Stamper. Stamper has chained Lin and dangles her over the indoor pool; when she passes Bond some detonation fuses to sabotage the missile, Stamper drops her in the water. Bond and Stamper fight briefly and Bond traps the thug's ankle under the missile. With Stamper holding him in front of the missile's engines, he hopes that Bond will burn and die with him. Bond is able to cut the straps on his pack and he plunges into the water just as the missile launches and the detonators destroy it and Stamper. Under water, he rescues Lin, breathing air into her lungs with a kiss. The two surface just as the stealth boat sinks. They are later picked up by the British Navy while sharing a romantic moment in a lifeboat.
tt1763303
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Dave and Aubrey meet on a Friday night in an alley outside a party and Dave asks Aubrey for advice about a girl that Dave likes, Jane. When the cops arrive, Dave and Aubrey evade the party and walk to her house. When they get to Aubrey's house, she invites him inside. Aubrey randomly asks Dave if he's had sex yet, to which he replies that he hasn't. When he asks her the same question, she refuses to answer. After their conversation, they fall asleep together in her room and when they wake up the next morning, Dave escapes through her bedroom window. Talking to his friends, Simon and Big Corporation, about Aubrey, they think she lied about having a boyfriend and tell him to text her, only for Dave to discover he doesn't have her number. They decide to call a guy who has access to Aubrey's high school student database, who gives Dave Aubrey's home number. When Dave calls Aubrey asking her what her plans are for the night, she says she's going to the movies with her boyfriend Ronny, to which Dave responds that he is also going with his friends. At the cinema, Dave bumps into Jane and her friends and discover they are seeing the same movie. When Aubrey bumps into Dave, she introduces him to Ronny. Aubrey and Ronny then go see the same movie as Dave and Jane. When Aubrey leaves during the film, Dave follows her into the lobby where she apologizes for being rude to him on the phone earlier and making him jump out the window that morning. Dave forgives her by finally getting her cell phone number and invites her and Ronny to a get together at Jane's friend, Brianna's, house. They then go back inside and continue watching the rest of the movie. At Brianna's house Aubrey and Jane have a chat where Jane reveals that Dave is her best guy friend who always listens to her about her relationships. After hearing what Dave says about Jane over the past days, Aubrey begins to suggest Jane go out with Dave but then stops half way through her sentence. Ronny reveals to Dave that after waiting a long time, he is going to have sex with Aubrey in his van that night. Dave then finds Aubrey and asks her not to lose her virginity to Ronny claiming that he isn't the right guy for her. Aubrey then declares that there isn't anyone right for her and that she wants to get it over with. Dave doesn't believe this and claims that she likes him. As they are about to share a kiss, Ronny interrupts wanting to leave immediately. Dave and Ronny get into a small fight and Aubrey leaves with Ronny. Dave is then alone with Jane, and whilst tending to his wound from his fight with Ronny, Jane begins talking about her relationships. Upon realizing his growing feelings for Aubrey, and that whenever Dave and Jane have their chats, all they ever do is talk about her, Dave leaves. On his drive home, Aubrey texts Dave asking him to pick her up. On their drive around town she reveals that she broke up with Ronny, and they share a kiss. The next night, Aubrey's parents go out for the evening, and Aubrey invites Dave over. Dave decides against bringing a condom in case they do have sex. He rebels against it, and goes to her house. When he arrives, they start making out, but Dave stops it claiming that this has been the best weekend of his life and he doesn't want to ruin it. They then state that not having sex is the better option and is much better for their relationship. They then decide to have sex anyway, despite what was just said. However, it doesn't go as smoothly as they planned, leaving them both confused about their relationship. Dave then seeks advice from Simon and Big Corporation, and whilst Simon tells him to move on as their relationship was never going to last, Big Corporation says to be a man and not to bail because of one little mishap. The next day, Dave comes to Aubrey's house and says that he wants to be in a relationship with her in spite of what happened the previous night. Dave then drives Aubrey to school. When they arrive and Aubrey walks to her first class, despite saying to Dave when they first met that she hates public displays of affection, she runs back to Dave and kisses him.
tt0497465
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Vicky (Rebecca Hall) and Cristina (Scarlet Johansson) visit Barcelona for the summer, staying with Vicky's relative Judy (Patricia Clarkson) and her husband Mark (Kevin Dunn). A Narrator (voice of Christopher Evan Welch), present throughout the film, describes the two friends: Vicky is practical and mainstream in her approach to love and commitment, and is engaged to the reliable yet even-more-mainstream Doug (Chris Messina). She is in Barcelona doing research for her masters in Catalan Identity, a project spawned by her love of the works of Gaud and Miro, and is emotionally moved by Spanish guitar. Cristina, on the other hand, is spontaneous and unsure of what she wants in life. She is just out of a relationship and wants to get over the bad time she had making a 12-minute film about love. At an art exhibition, they notice artist Juan Antonio (Javier Bardem). Cristina is impressed with him at first sight, and grows intrigued when Judy and Mark tell the girls that he had a violent relationship with his ex-wife, Mara Elena (Penlope Cruz). Later that night, the pair notice him across the room at a restaurant. He and Cristina exchange glances, and he approaches their table, asks Cristina her eye color, and abruptly invites them to accompany him to Oviedo, where they will sight-see, drink wine and, hopefully, make love. While Cristina accepts at once, Vicky is skeptical and refuses. She is eventually convinced, and the pair accompany Juan Antonio to Oviedo in his friend's private plane during a storm. In Oviedo, after some sight-seeing and a good deal of wine, Juan Antonio invites both women to his bedroom. While Vicky refuses to sleep with him, Cristina agrees, but suddenly falls ill with an ulcer and food poisoning. For the remainder of the weekend, Vicky and Juan Antonio are compelled to sight-see alone. During their jaunts, he tells her about his ex-wife and their passionate yet violent relationship. After more wine over dinner and a guitar concert in a park, Vicky succumbs to Juan's charms and the two make love. The next day, Juan takes them back to Barcelona. Feeling guilty, Vicky does not confess the incident to Cristina, and the two begin to grow apart, Vicky throwing herself into her research and Cristina experimenting with photography and poetry. Juan Antonio calls Cristina back, and they begin to date. Doug suddenly suggests to Vicky that they get married in Spain in a civil ceremony, assuring her that their blowout wedding will still take place as scheculed in the States. She agrees, with some misgivings, and he flies to Barcelona from New York. Cristina and Juan Antonio grow closer and Cristina moves in with him. One night, Juan Antonio receives a call that Mara Elena has attempted to kill herself. Since she has nowhere else to go, he brings her home, and she moves into the guest room. Though initially Mara Elena distrusts Cristina, she soon develops a liking for her and encourages her photography, which improves as a result. Cristina soon realizes that the ex-spouses are still in love, and Mara Elena confides that their relationship was always loving yet unstable because they were missing something, a mystery element neither of them figured out. Mara Elena now suggests that the missing link is in fact Cristina, and the three indulge in a consensual sexual triangle, as Cristina begins making love to Mara Elena as well. Cristina discloses the events of her life to Vicky, who appears secretly jealous of her friend's freedom, and to Doug, who disapproves. As the summer winds to a close, Vicky realizes that she is unsatisfied in her married life, and is still attracted to Juan Antonio. She spies Judy cheating on myopic Mark, yet understands why Judy can't leave her husband, and confides in the older woman. Judy, who sees Vicky as a younger version of herself, and in a vicariously motivated move, takes it upon herself to "make Vicky and Juan Antonio happen". Meanwhile, Cristina realizes that she can't live in a threesome for the long term, and announces that she's leaving Juan Antonio and Mara Elena. Maria Elena does not take the news well and breaks down. Needing out, Cristina goes to France to spend the last week of her summer. With their "missing link" gone, Juan Antonio and Mara Elena break up once again. In a final attempt to pair up Juan Antonio and Vicky, Judy arranges for their "chance" meeting at a party. Juan Antonio begs Vicky to to meet him the next day, her last day in Spain. After lying to Doug and against her better judgement, Vicky goes to Juan's home for lunch, after which Juan tries to seduce her again. She is about to succumb when Mara Elena enters with a gun and begins firing wildly. As Juan Antonio takes the gun away from the hysterical Maria, it accidentally fires, shooting Vicky in the wrist. Vicky screams at them both, calling them insane, and insisting that she could never live like this, leaves. When Cristina returns from France, Vicky confesses the entire story to her, while Doug is never told the true version of events. As the three return to the US, Vicky goes back to her mainstream life and Cristina remains where she began, not knowing what she wants, but knowing what she doesn't want. As Vicky chooses to live her planned, perceived ideal life and Cristina chooses to live with no plans for life, they end where they began.
tt0319343
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
Thirty years prior to the events of the film, a baby crawls into Santa's sack at an orphanage. Santa unwittingly takes the baby back to the North Pole, where it is decided that Papa Elf will raise him. The baby, named Buddy, is raised unaware that he is actually a human, until his enormous size and poor toy-making abilities cause Papa Elf to tell him the truth. The old elf reveals that Buddy was born to Walter Hobbs and Susan Wells and placed up for adoption, that Walter never knew Buddy was born, and that he now works at a children's book company in New York. From Santa, Buddy learns that his father is also on the naughty list; nevertheless, Buddy sets out for New York to find his father. Once in the city, Buddy displays his navet in several ways, as he crosses the street at the wrong time, chews discarded gum on the street, and takes a coffee shop's claim to have the "world's best cup of coffee" literally. Buddy eventually finds his father in the Empire State Building, but an incredulous Walter Hobbs has him thrown out. Buddy takes a security guard's sarcastic suggestion to "get back to Gimbel's," where he is mistaken for an employee and meets the lovely but unenthusiastic Jovie. The next morning, Buddy is shocked to discover that Gimbel's Santa is not the genuine article, and a fight ensues between them. Buddy is arrested and Walter reluctantly bails him out and takes him to a pediatrician for a DNA test. Once it is proven that Buddy is in fact Walter's son, he takes Buddy home to meet his wife Emily and son Michael. Walter is clearly put off by Buddy's immature, innocent behavior (he slathers his pasta with maple syrup and can't seem to understand that Walter isn't interested in playing with him), but Emily insists that they take care of Buddy until he "recovers." Buddy befriends Michael after the former defeats a gang of bullies single-handedly in a snowball fight, and Michael encourages Buddy to ask Jovie out. The next day, Walter reluctantly takes Buddy to work with him, and uses Buddy's navet to send him down to the mailroom. Buddy gets drunk on a coworker's whiskey, thinking it's syrup, and ends up throwing a party in the mailroom. That night, Buddy has a successful date with Jovie. Walter, meanwhile, has been trying to save his floundering business by hiring the temperamental best-selling writer Miles Finch. When the vertically-challenged Finch arrives, Buddy mistakes him for an elf. The offended Finch attacks Buddy and storms out of the conference room without signing a deal with Walter's company. Walter is so upset over this setback that he screams at Buddy to "get the Hell out of my life." A deeply hurt Buddy roams New York that night (Christmas Eve), until he looks up and sees Santa's sleigh crash in Central Park. He finds Santa, who explains that he'd lost the sleigh's engine and that the last bit of Christmas spirit (which had powered the sleigh previously) had gone. Santa convinces Buddy to help him fix the sleigh. Michael, meanwhile, bursts in on Walter's board meeting to tell him frantically that Buddy has gone. He manages to convince Walter to put his family above his job for the first time, and the two find Buddy in Central Park as he locates the sleigh's engine. Buddy takes them to meet Santa, who reveals to Michael that belief in Santa (manifested in knowing that Santa is bringing people what they want for Christmas) can make his sleigh fly. Michael therefore steals Santa's list and reads it in front of the TV cameras now gathered outside Central Park, so that people all across New York believe conclusively in Santa. The Central Park Rangers begin to chase Santa's sleigh while Buddy is still trying to reattach the engine, and eventually the engine is lost. However, Jovie (remembering that Buddy had told her "The best way to spread Christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear"), manages to overcome her shyness and get the sleigh in the air by the power of Christmas spirit when she leads the crowd in singing "Santa Claus is Comin' to Town," with even Walter eventually joining in. In the epilogue, Papa Elf explains that Walter started his own publishing company, and the first book released was Buddy's own account of his adventures. Papa Elf also reveals that Buddy and Jovie married and had a daughter named Susie, and that they visit the North Pole periodically.
tt1068680
Comedy,Romance
As the studio credits roll, a pop tune starts playing and it turns into the ring tone for Carl Allen (Jim Carrey). Carl sees 'Unknown Caller', which he ignores until he accidently answers the call. Carl is talking to his best friend Peter (Bradley Cooper) who is trying to persuade him to come to a gathering at the usual bar and Carl keeps trying to weasel out telling Peter that he's at home and he's got things to do but is really at the local Blockbuster renting movies like 300 and Transformers for a lonely night at home. During the conversation, we see Peter outside the store window, and Carl is caught. Carl ends up going to the bar with Peter, Rooney (Danny Masterson from That 70's Show) and Lucy (Sasha Alexander). Peter makes the big announcement that he and Lucy are engaged and tells Carl the date of their engagement party, which Carl is obligated to attend. While this is going on, Carl looks over at the bar to see Stephanie (Molly Sims). Stephanie is Carl's ex-wife and it's been three years since their split. He tries to excuse himself but they come over and chat for a bit and he's introduced to her new boyfriend. He tries and makes a graceful exit but doesn't bumping into the waitress with a tray full of drinks and then slipping on the wet floor. The next morning, we see Carl get dressed in a bland suit, pick up a name tag and head out the door to his job as a junior loan officer at a bank. As he closes his door, a nice elderly woman named Tillie asks him if he wants some breakfast and invites him over, and Carl declines. As he heads to work, he meets a homeless man and declines him help, gets his coffee and declines a flyer to come see a local band and ends up in front of his computer declining emails and websites for Middle Eastern wives. At work, we meet his boss Norman (Rhys Darby). Norman takes a call at Carl's desk and it turns out that Carl was passed over for a promotion. A guy then comes in and asks for a loan to start a business of making "Roller Blade Suits". He is desperate and has no other options but Carl denies his claim. As he sits outside and ponders his existence, he meets an old co-worker Nick (John Michael Higgins) who left the rat race to "live". He's traveled exotic places and done incredible things and he attributes this to being a "Yes Man". He invites Carl to the next 'Yes' conference and makes him take a pamphlet. We then see a montage of Carl living out his mundane life renting movies and watching them and in the middle of the movie 'Saw' (the part where he's cutting off his own leg, please see spoiler for Saw), Peter comes in and tells him he missed the engagement party and he's upset at Carl. As he leaves, he tells Carl to do something about his life or he'll be alone. Immediately after this, Peter and Rooney enter Carl's apartment and make comments of how dead Carl looks. It turns out that this was only a nightmare and as Carl wakes up, he opens the 'Yes' Conference pamphlet and he decides to attend. As he walks through the lobby of tables and booths holding a 'Yes' tote bag, he walks into the conference room and sits down. Amazingly, Nick is in the same row and comes over to sit with Carl. As the conference begins, there is a montage of images with the philosopher of the so-called 'Yes' Guru, Terrance Bundley (Enter, Terrance Stamp). He starts his 'Yes' chanting and what not and welcomes everyone, especially those that are there for the first time and as he continues to ask who is there, Nick shouts out that Carl is there for the first time. Terrance asks Carl to come to the front and when Carl declines several times, Terrance takes off his shoes and runs to him from the stage. As he confronts Carl, every time Carl says no, the crowd starts chanting, "No-man! No-man!" and every time he says "yes", the crowd screams, "yes!" After bantering with Carl for a while, Terrance makes a 'covenant' with Carl to say YES at every opportunity and Carl hesitantly agrees. As Carl and Nick are walking away from the conference, people congratulate Carl on his breakthrough. Just then, a homeless man (Brent Briscoe) mentions how nice his BMW is and asks Carl for a lift to the park. Encouraged by Nick, he agrees. In the car before they leave, the homeless man asks to use Carl's phone and Carl agrees. On the ride to the park, the homeless man is laughing with someone on the phone, while Carl is asking where in the park to drop him off. The cell phone battery dies and the man thanks Carl. Before the homeless man shuts the door, he asks Carl for a few bucks. The new Carl reluctantly says 'yes' while taking out a wad of bills... he ends up giving the guy the money and the guy thanks him and runs into the bushes with a head first dive. As Carl tries to drive away, his car runs out of gas. We see Carl talking to himself all the way to the gas station. While filling up his gas can, a woman on a scooter pulls in and takes a Polaroid of him bent over filling his gas can. They make small talk and she offers him a ride, to which he says yes. While riding the scooter, she takes another picture, this time of both of them and drives him to his car. Carl seems to be enjoying this somewhat. As they are about to part, he says under his breath if they want to make out and she hears this, walks over and kisses him... after riding away, Carl looks in his hands and sees the Polaroid of the two of them. The next morning (Saturday), he reflects on his adventurous night and he smiles. Just then the phone rings and without hesitation, he picks it up and it's Norman asking if he can come to work, and the new Carl of course says "Yes!" As he leaves his apartment, Tillie bumps into him and asks if he could help her put up some shelves, to which he agrees. After finishing she wants to give him money but she didn't go to the bank so she offers to help him 'release' but he declines and leaves. As he closes the door, it closes on his shirt and he wonders if it's because he broke the covenant with Terrance. When he yanks his shirt free, he falls down the stairs to a waiting dog who is barking viciously at him. So he picks himself up and reluctantly agrees to Tillie's 'payment'. As he's lying on his back in her frilly bed, she begins to go down on him. Carl looks over at her nightstand and sees Tillie put her dentures into a cup of solution. Throughout the blow job, Carl has a wide variation of facial expressions, and although he is disgusted by her age and the fact that she has no teeth, he is loving the feeling. When he finally gets to work, he begins to click 'Yes' to spam emails advertising penis enlargement and ordering a Middle Eastern wife. While he's doing this, a woman approaches his desk with a large box and asks for a loan to start a cake making business. She explains that she makes cakes that resemble the heads of famous people. Carl then mistakes the cake sitting on his desk for Bono, when it is actually Mickey Roderek. With his new found philosophy, he says 'yes' to her loan and then as he's explaining it to Norman, Norman hints at a promotion that he didn't get earlier because he said 'yes to too many projects. Further to this, accepts Normans invitation to dress like a character from Harry Potter. He goes back to the Bar with Peter and Rooney, where Carl apologizes to them, especially Peter, for missing out and being a recluse. Then, Carl begins sharing the 'yes' philosophy, and the guys toast to Carl's effort. Peter offers Carl to start a tab paying for their drinks, and Carl agrees. In the next scene, their table is full of empty glasses and Carl accepts the dare to snort hot sauce. Carl is wasted and as they begin to leave, a woman asks if she can... and before she finishes the sentence, Carl grabs her and passionately kisses her and then spits out the gum she was chewing. Her boyfriend then comes over and Carl goes into a monologue about how beautiful girls deserve to go to a Ball and the two end up fighting in the alley. Carl gets completely beat up and wakes up the next day on the floor of the bathroom with his legs wrapped around the toilet. The next day we see a montage of Carl saying yes to a guy who wants to start a fertilizer business and taking the flyer from the guy to see the band, to taking guitar lessons, to taking Korean language lessons, and Flying lessons (okay, all of these are important later). After seeing him do take guitar lessons, flying lessons, and taking Korean classes, he shows up at the club to see the band and they are a weird psychedelic, kind of campy throw back band (two members wearing seahorse hats) and there are about 6 regulars who come to watch them perform and the lead singer is... Scooter girl from the park! (Her name is Allison, played by Zooey Deschanel) After the show, he offers her a drink but she says no because she has a yoga/jogging/photography group she leads (she seems like a free spirit) and so Carl walks her to her scooter and accepts an invite to the group, which meets at 6am. That night as he sets his alarm and turns off the light, Rooney calls and asks if he wants to join them on an all-nighter with multiple cases of Red Bull, which of course Carl says Yes. The next morning at the jogging group, a car screeches in and out jumps Carl pepped up on Red Bull and saying goodbye to Lee, who is an Asian male Registered Nurse. He attends the group and he goes on a love rant about Red Bull and Allison mentions that there's a hard crash with those things but Carl doesn't care and takes off jogging and taking pictures at the same time... the group is having a hard time keeping up until they see Carl crashed on the ground holding his camera... the group then start taking pictures of him. After the group is done, we see Carl and Allison talking and it's revealed that a guy dumped Allison when things got too serious and there's an obvious spark. We then cut to a funny scene where Carl is having lunch with Peter and his new Middle Eastern bride Faranoosh (Anna Khaja) and they whisper about Allison even though Faranoosh can hear... Lucy then shows up and is disappointed that no one can help her with her bridal shower so Peter asks Carl and of course he agrees even with a 'look' from Faranoosh. At the bridal store, a surly Korean woman Soo Mi is helping them and Carl then engages her in a conversation as to why she is unhappy (in Korean) and she tells him that she sees all these couples but she can't find anyone... just then a man comes in shouting in Korean that a man is standing on the ledge ready to commit suicide... Carl springs into action and the Suicide man (great cameo by Luis Guzman) seems to be on his last string and instead of talking him down, Carl hesitates and asks Suicide man to hold on and we see him go and tune a guitar and he comes back and sings "Jumper" by Third Eye Blind... and sings him down from the ledge... The whole crowd was watching and joining in the singing... We see a door and a knock and Norman opens it dressed like Ronald Weasley and Carl is there with Allison (Harry Potter and Hermione Granger) and they see everyone from a guy wearing a Hagrid costume to a guy with a full blown Dobby the Elf costume and mask (for all the character, please see spoiler for the Harry Potter movies) and seems like a great party with them watching all the Harry Potter movies (and Norman reciting line for line with the movie). Afterwards, Allison lets Carl drive her scooter and he ends up taking her to the Hollywood Bowl (concert hall) and they sneak in and he starts to sing a Beatles tune and they make out and then sit in the stands and talk about Allison's band and stuff... they really connect here and are caught by an old guard... as the guard tells them to Stop, Carl does and when Allison says lets go, he does and this goes back and forth 'til he says, he can't please everyone! The next morning at work, Carl now has a line of people waiting to seek a loan and Norman tells him an executive is here from the Head Office and that they may be in trouble for saying yes to all those loans... Before going up, he sees Lee (the Registered Nurse) in his office and having an idea that he may be fired, Carl approves Lee's loan for a Ducati Motorcycle and heads upstairs (Important Later). The bank executive seems like a hard ass about these small loans but mentions that people are so grateful, 98% of them are making good on their payments and the bank is making lots of money... and so Carl gets the promotion to the Board room and Norman does not, although Norman was the manager who approved Carl to do these... We now see Carl at the airport and he runs into Stephanie and her boyfriend on their way to Tahiti, where his family owns 100 acres (seems like a pompous rich guy, who corrects Stephanie about it being a small piece of land). Stephanie mentions how he saw Carl on the news about saving the Suicide mans life and asks where he is going and he replies he and Allison are just traveling wherever and as they leave, she glances back at him... At the airline counter, they just ask for tickets on the next boarding flight and it's to... Lincoln, Nebraska. So they go and visit a museum of telephones, watching a University of Nebraska College Football game (face and body paint! and Peter, Rooney and Lucy see him at the game...) and end up walking on a gravel road and when it starts raining, they take shelter in a barn and she reveals she's in love with him and suggest they move in together and before saying yes, he pauses, which she notices but they hug with him in deep thought. At the airport, they try to fly again but then are detained by the FBI who have been tracking them since he made the initial flight to Nebraska and they ask they begin to interrogate him asking him why he gave a loan to a fertilizer business man, why he's taking Korean lessons (North Korea connection), why he's taking flying lessons and why he was only married for 6 months... all in ear shot of Allison... he calls for his lawyer, Peter who explains that he's following a new philosophy of saying Yes to everything and Allison hears this and thinks that's why he paused because he had to and not wanted to see her and be with her... she leaves him behind and breaks up with Carl. Back home, Carl gets a call from Stephanie who says her boyfriend left and asks him to come over, to which he does and while explaining what happens, she starts to kiss him and she asks him to stay... but he says No! As he is leaving, bad stuff starts happening and he wonders if it's because he broke the covenant... He tries to get Allison back but she tells him to go jump off a bridge and he does by bungee jumping. As he is hanging upside down, he gets a call from the Bank executive telling him to close down some branches including his old one, so he visits Norman who is having a '300' themed party and give him the bad news and Norman breaks down crying... Carl then gets home to his answering machine only to be reminded that he has to throw Lucy a bridal shower and it's the 11th hour... it looks like he's about to 'fess up to them when they walk into the bar and are greeted by a multitude of people... turns out that Carl called up all his loan favors and asked them to come to the bridal shower... at the shower, he hooks up Norman with Soo Mi, Rooney ends up agreeing to do a favor for Tillie (knowing how good she is...) and Carl and Peter talk about things and how Allison doesn't want him back and realizes that maybe he broke the covenant... so he hurries out and sneaks into the back of Terrance the Guru's car (who is just coming out of a conference) and as Terrance beings to drive away, he is startled by Carl and steps on the gas into traffic and the car is hit... In the hospital, Carl is confronted by Terrance and Terrance says that since he was being so negative, he had to do something so that he doesn't look bad... but the Yes part was all a principle and that Carl needs to show discernment in what he says yes to! With that note, Carl storms away wanting to see Allison and Rooney tells him it's 5:40am just before her morning class... He bumps into Lee who give him the keys to the Ducati and he takes off for the group... once at the group, he screeches smoke into the air and there's a cool slow motion coming out of the smoke scene and Carl tries to explain everything to Allison including that he doesn't want to move in right now but that he loves her and wants to be with her... this while the group is taking their pictures inappropriately... the movie ends with them kissing. During the end credits: A guy in an SUV is thanking Carl for approving his loan and it's the guy from the beginning who was rejected... Carl and Allison are now suited up with Roller Blades and they go blading down the road on their stomachs a la Olympic Skeleton-ing... and fades to black.
tt0143145
Action,Adventure,Thriller
In Bilbao, Spain, MI6 agent, James Bond, meets with a Swiss banker to recover a large sum of money. The banker, however, plans to have James killed. James uses a flash grenade disguised as his sidearm to create a diversion and ends up holding the banker at gun-point. The banker had taken the money from another "00" and is about to tell Bond who the agent's assassin is when he himself is killed by a thrown knife from his secretary, the Cigar-Smoking Woman. Bond grabs the case of money and is about to escape when another man tries to shoot him; that man is hit by an unseen sniper. Bond escapes out the window. At MI6 headquarters in London, Bond returns the money to a wealthy man named Robert King. King and Bond's boss, M, are both present in M's office when Bond arrives. Bond learns from them both that King is building an oil pipeline through the Caucasus region and that the project has been threatened with destruction from several factions. King leaves and M gives Bond a glass of bourbon with ice. When the ice begins to bubble, Bond deduces that the money, which he'd handled, may itself be dangerous. In a nearby lab, the metallic security strip in one of the bills bursts into flame and the money explodes, killing King and blowing a large hole in the outer wall of MI6 HQ. Bond looks out through the hole and sees a woman on a boat who tries to shoot him with an automatic rifle. Bond takes a small, experimental, jet-powered boat belonging to Q and races after the woman, chasing her down the Thames. She tries several times to evade him but Bond catches up with her, finally destroying her boat near the Millennium Dome with a torpedo. The woman steals a hot-air balloon and floats upward, with Bond hanging on to one of the anchor ropes. The woman, the Cigar Smoking Woman who killed the Swiss banker, points her own pistol at the gas tanks on the balloon. Bond pleads with her not to kill them both, saying MI6 will protect her. She says no one can protect her from "him". She shoots the tanks and the balloon explodes, dropping Bond onto the Dome. The rolling landing fractures his collarbone, but he's still able to arrest his slide down the side of the Dome by grabbing onto the support cables. At Robert King's funeral service, Bond notices that King's daughter, Elektra, is there. At an MI6 retreat in Scotland, Bond is examined by MI6 physician, Dr. Molly Warmflash, whom Bond seduces to get a passing diagnosis, allowing him to continue his mission. He goes to a briefing held by M who declares that her organization will not be terrorized. The likely suspect is a man named Victor Zerkas, aka "Renard", an internationally known terrorist who hires himself out as a mercenary. Renard was hunted by another Double-O who shot the criminal in the head non-fatally. The bullet, still lodged in Renard's head, has been destroying the area of his brain that controls his senses. Renard does not feel pain and is able to, according to the doctor, "push" himself to the limits of human endurance until the bullet eventually kills him. Renard had previously kidnapped Elektra and demanded a high ransom for her return. Elektra, however, was able to escape by seducing her guards and killing them. M now believes that Renard will want to kill Elektra out of revenge. Bond notices that the money he recovered for Robert King is equal to the ransom Renard had, and concludes that it's more a message from Renard than simply recovered money. The MI6 doctor declares Bond fit for duty. Bond visits his armorer, Q, in his lab where he's given several tools for the mission. Q also introduces Bond to his protege, whom Bond laughingly designates, "R." Bond travels to Elektra's location near Baku, Russia, where she is overseeing the construction of her father's pipeline. Bond joins her on a brief inspection of the line in the mountains; the area is snowed over and they must ski to the right spot. They are attacked by a small group of men piloting "parahawk" vehicles. Bond is able to stop them, causing a few of them to collide with the landscape or each other and explode. The last explosion causes a small avalanche, burying Bond and Elektra. Bond deploys a rapid-inflating sphere to protect them, but Elektra panics from claustrophobia. Bond rapidly frees them from the snow and takes her back to her house to recuperate. Seeking further information about Elektra's attackers, Bond goes to a casino owned by his old enemy, Valentine Zukovsky, to find out more about Renard and the men who attacked him earlier. Zukovsky tells Bond that Renard is a former KGB agent and may be working for Russian oil barons in the region who want the King pipeline destroyed. Bond and Zukovsky are summoned back to the main floor; Elektra has come to the casino to show she isn't afraid of her enemies and in hopes of winning a sizable amount of money using her father's standing credit. She loses on a high-low draw but is gracious in defeat. In another location, Renard meets with a man named Davidov, Elektra's security chief, and a nuclear weapons scientist named Arkov, who also secretly works for Renard. Renard kills Arkov for failing to kill Elektra and orders Davidov to take Arkov's place on a secret mission the next day. Davidov agrees. Bond slips out of Elektra's mansion and goes to Davidov's office, looking for more leads. When Davidov returns, Bond kills him and takes his place on a plane. Renard's men fly him to a remote region of Kazakhstan where an underground nuclear missile facility is being dismantled. Bond meets the head of the project, Dr. Christmas Jones, who is removing all the radioactive material from the warheads. Bond goes down into one of the silos and finds Renard and his men stealing an active warhead. Bond briefly captures Renard, and tries to force the criminal to reveal his plan. Renard resists, feeling no pain from Bond's blows. During the improvised interrogation, Renard uses a phrase Bond had previously heard from Elektra ("There's no point in living if you can't feel alive."). Bond also notices that one of Renard's men has removed the tracking card from the bomb. At that moment, Dr. Jones and a squad of guards come into the room and she accuses Bond of being an impostor. Bond is forced to his knees by Renard, who presses on Bond's injured collarbone. Bond and Renard and the others are about to be arrested when Renard's crew opens fire and try to escape in the melee. Bond tries to stop their escape but fails and he and Jones are trapped in the silo with a bomb planted by Renard. They manage to get out before the bomb explodes. Jones tells Bond they should be able to find the bomb Renard stole quite easily using it's tracking card but Bond shows her the card he'd taken from one of Renard's men. Bond returns to Baku and harshly confronts Elektra about Renard using her motto and about the way Renard knew about Bond's injury. He concludes that Elektra and Renard are working together. When M arrives, Bond gives her the locator card from the bomb and tells her his theory. At that moment, an alarm sounds, indicating trouble on the pipeline. Renard has planted the bomb he stole on an inspection car that's traveling down the pipeline out of control. Bond and Jones use another of the vehicles to catch the bomb. While Jones dismantles the device she finds that only half of the plutonium from the original bomb is there. Bond tells her to let the explosive charge detonate to create the illusion that they were killed. It does and a large section of the pipe is destroyed. Back at Elektra's command center, she gives the visibly upset M a gift: her father's lapel pin. The pin King was wearing when he was killed was a fake that activated the detonator in the money Bond had retrieved. Elektra tells M that she killed her father out of revenge for using her to bait Renard. M is taken prisoner. Bond and Jones are puzzled as to why Renard only used half of the plutonium. Bond thinks he knows where to look for answers. Bond once again visits Zukovsky, this time at his caviar factory. While trying to gather further information from Zukovsky, they are attacked by helicopters with dangling, circular saw blades. Bond is able to destroy one of the helicopters with missiles fired from his BMW, but the other chopper saws his car in half. Bond uses a flare gun to ignite leaking gas from a nearby pipe, destroying the second helicopter. In the confusion, Zukovsky falls into a pit of his own caviar. While he struggles to free himself, Bond asks him what his connection to Elektra is. The gangster tells him that he'd arranged for his nephew, a Russian submarine captain, to smuggle some machinery out of Istanbul for Elektra. Bond fishes Zukovsky out of the caviar and the Russian agrees to help Bond stop Renard. In Istanbul, Bond and Zukovsky work to discern Renard's plan. They figure out that a nuclear explosion in Istanbul would contaminate the Bosphorus, preventing all shipping out of the Black Sea, and rendering the Russian oil pipelines useless. This would leave the King line with a monopoly. The submarine will be detonated using the stolen plutonium and will look like an accident. When Bond and Zukovsky determine where the sub is docked, near the Maiden's Tower, Zukovsky's assistant, Bullion, rushes out of the room, having planted a bomb. Bond and Jones escape and the bomb goes off, rendering Zukovsky unconscious. Outside the command center, Bond and Jones are captured by Renard's men. Bond is taken to the Maiden's Tower and delivered to Elektra. Renard takes Jones with him to the submarine. Elektra has Bond shackled to an antique chair that causes asphyxiation and she proceeds to torture him. Suddenly, Zukovsky and his men take control of the tower, killing Renard's and Elektra's men. When Zukovsky reaches the room where Elektra has Bond, he sees his nephew's captain's hat on a nearby table, he demands it from Elektra. She shoots Zukovsky with a pistol hidden behind the hat and he falls to the floor. She turns her attention back to Bond, just long enough for Zukovsky to cock the rifle hidden in his cane. He first aims at Elektra, then turns toward Bond and fires, seemingly missing him. Zukovsky passes out, however his shot has freed one of Bond's wrists and he is able to free himself completely. Elektra runs off, Bond takes her pistol and chases her through the tower, stopping briefly to free M. He finds Elektra and demands she call off Renard in the submarine. She tells Bond he'd never kill her and that he'd miss her. She yells through a two-way radio for Renard to proceed with the plan and Bond shoots her, saying "I never miss." Bond leaps from the tower and boards the sub, where Renard has extruded the stolen plutonium into a rod to be inserted into the sub's reactor. Bond kills most of Renard's men but the terrorist locks himself in the reactor room. Bond swims outside the sub, and enters the engine room through a pressure lock. Jones follows, but distracts Bond from his battle with Renard when she needs him to let her in before she drowns. As a result Renard is able to lock Bond and Jones away from the reactor chamber. Bond sees a way to eject the rod using a pneumatic control and the rod impales Renard, killing him. However, the reactor's cooling has been compromised and it will still explode, though not as seriously as Renard planned. Bond and Jones escape through a missile hatch to the surface and are picked up by a passing boat. Back at MI6 HQ, M, Q and the rest of her staff scan satellite channels looking for Bond. They find him in Istanbul, in bed with Dr. Jones.
tt1341167
Comedy,Crime,Drama
A group of radicalised young Muslim British men aspire to be suicide bombers. They are Omar (Riz Ahmed), the leading straight man who is deeply critical of Western society and imperialism; his dim-witted friend, Waj (Kayvan Novak); Barry (Nigel Lindsay), a bad-tempered and extremely rash White convert to Islam; and naive Faisal (Adeel Akhtar), who tries to train crows to be used as bombers. While Omar and Waj go to a terrorist training camp in Pakistan, Barry recruits a reluctant fifth member, Hassan (Arsher Ali). The visit to the training camp ends in disaster, with Omar misfiring a rocket that kills fellow jihadists; however, he uses the experience to assert authority on his return to Britain. The group begins acquiring materials for making improvised explosive devices but disagree about what to target. Barry wants to bomb a local mosque as a false flag operation to "radicalise the moderates", but Omar considers this idiotic. Faisal suggests blowing up a branch of the pharmacy chain Boots, but Omar states it is a not a worthwhile target. Hassan allows an oblivious neighbour (Julia Davis) into their safe house; the group think they have been compromised and transport their volatile explosives to a new location in grocery bags. Faisal accidentally trips in a field, while carrying the explosives, and blows up. This causes a row among the remaining four, who disband; but they reconcile, and Omar decides to target the upcoming London Marathon. Wearing mascot costumes to conceal their explosivesOmar as the Honey Monster; Waj as a man riding an ostrich; Barry as a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle; and Hassan as an inverted clown they prepare to attack. Waj expresses doubts about the rectitude of the plot, but Omar convinces him to go ahead. Hassan loses his nerve and tries to alert nearby police officers, but Barry detonates his bomb using a mobile phone, killing Hassan and the police, as well as alerting the authorities to the remaining three. Omar realises he has led an unwitting Waj into something he does not want to do, and sets off to make him change his mind. Police attempt to shoot Omar as he mingles with other runners but, instead, shoot a bystander dressed as a Wookiee. Omar eventually contacts Waj from his mobile phone but is attacked by Barry, who swallows the phone's SIM card. However, Barry begins to choke on it, causing a passer-by to carry out the Heimlich manoeuvre and detonate his bomb. Waj is cornered by police and takes a kebab shop hostage. Omar then borrows a phone and attempts to talk Waj down. However, his call is interrupted by a police raid in which they shoot a hostage whom they mistake for Waj. Confused, Waj detonates his bomb, destroying the kebab shop. Distraught, Omar walks into a nearby pharmacy and detonates his own bomb. It is revealed later that the police have arrested Omar's innocent and peaceful brother as a terrorist; that they deflect responsibility for shooting the bystander; and that Omar and Waj killed Osama Bin Laden when Omar fired his rocket backwards in Pakistan. (From English Wikipedia article, accessed on 2013-04-17)
tt0120685
Action,Sci-Fi,Thriller
The movie starts with a reel showing nuclear tests on the island of French Polynesia. It shows some lizards on the island and after a huge explosion, we see a single unhatched egg. On a fishing boat in the South Pacific Ocean workers are sorting the fish in their latest catch and the captain sees a weird mark on the radar headed towards the boat. He sounds the alarm and the boat is hit by a large & mostly unseen beast. The monster proceeds to rip giant holes in the boat, which is capsized. Scientist Niko "Nick" Tatopoulous (Matthew Broderick) is collecting earthworms in Chernobyl, Ukraine for study when a helicopter appears and a man from the U. S. State Department tells him hes being reassigned to a different project. In Tahiti, a mysterious French man is interrogating an old man who was the only survivor of the attack on the Japanese fishing boat. When asked what attacked him, and when the French man shows him the flame from a cigarette lighter, he simply replies in a terrified tone "Gojira". Nick then arrives in Panama where Colonel Hicks (Kevin Dunn) briefs him on his next assignment. He leads him to his next sample and tells him to study it. Nick doesn't see the sample until he realizes he is in a depression in the ground that is actually a giant footprint. Nick runs after Hicks and starts telling him that its unbelievable and that nothing on earth can make a footprint that big. He is then introduced to his new boss, Elsie (Vicki Lewis), who says that she tried tell Hicks that this project isn't really in Nick's field of study. Dr. Craven (Malcome Danare) shows up and puts on a tape showing the shipwreck and the interrogation of the old man. In New York City, Audrey (Maria Pitillo) is getting out of a cab with groceries for her boss and goes upstairs to the news studio. After putting the groceries down she asks her boss, Caiman (Harry Shearer) for a job as a reporter. He says no and goes to his anchor job. Audrey then puts her gum on the nose of a nearby poster of Caiman. Nick and the team have been flown to Jamaica and while in a car ride to the site of another shipwreck, Elsie asks Nick some questions. We learn that he is a radiation scientist studying the abnormal growth of earthworms due to radiation, and that he had a girlfriend a long time ago. At the shipwreck, Hicks is trying to shoo reporters away when the French man who interrogated the crew member shows up and says that they are with him and are preparing a report. Hicks get rid of them eventually. Down on the beach, Nick takes a tissue sample for study. In the ocean on the Eastern seaboard, 3 fishing trawlers are bringing in a day's catch when the nets seem to get stuck on something. The boats then are towed underwater and all members of crew abandon ship. One of the trawlers comes back up upside-down. Hicks and team hear the report about the fishing trawlers while flying back to America and Nick then concludes that it is a new species created by the nuclear tests in the French Polynesia where it was first sighted. Back in New York, Audrey and her friend Lucy (Arabella Field) and Lucy's husband Victor "Animal" Palotti (Hank Azaria) are having dinner at a restaurant when Audrey sees Nick on TV. We learn that Audrey is Nick's old girlfriend and that he had proposed to her. She'd turned him down and he'd left her. Down at the docks a man is fishing when his line is taken by what he thinks is a huge fish. The beast that attacked the fishing boats surfaces and destroys the dock and proceeds into the city. When it passes the restaurant, Animal chases it with his camera and manages to get a small video of it near Grand Central Station. The monster continues to stomp through the city -- it's foot nearly crushes Animal. Elsewhere down the street, Mayor Ebert (Michael Lerner) is giving a speech for re-election when the monster storms through the street. It takes gigantic strides, oblivious to the destruction it causes. Hicks arrives at the city and asks for a status report, Sgt. O'Neal (Doug Savant) reports that the monster has disappeared. Hicks is incredulous, wondering how an animal that big could disappear so easily in Manhattan. Nick tells them that Manhattan is an island but a unique one: much of it is covered with skyscrapers, giving the creature plenty of opportunity to hide. Animal's video is broadcast on TV and while handing Caiman his bag, Audrey steals his ID badge. She then replaces Caiman's picture with her own taking on the identity of a reporter. The French man shows up again and we learn that his name is Phillipe Roache (Jean Reno). He offers the assistance of a special sector of the French government to Mayor Ebert while slyly placing a microphone on the back of his jacket collar. The mayor then goes to a meeting with Hicks and the crew with Roache and his team listening in when O'Neal says that finding the monster may be tough since they found the 23rd street subway station destroyed. The beast had burrowed his way through the tunnel and could be anywhere under the city. Hicks then tells O'Neal to block off every tunnel leaving the island effectively quarantining the island. Nick then suggests bringing the monster out with bait. The bait is a large pile of fish set up near Madison Square Park. One of Roache's gang plants video cameras so they can spy on the American authorities. When one of the team says that the fish trap is crazy, Roache replies "No. Very Clever." The trap works and Godzilla arrives and starts eating the fish. The Army opens fire. While being fired upon, the monster escapes and proceeds to run through the city with three helicopters in pursuit. Their missile strikes are ineffective because the monster is cold-blooded and doesn't give off a heat signature for the missiles to lock onto. After a missile strike intended for the monster knocks the top off of the Chrysler Building the copters switch to miniguns with ineffective results. The beast then turns from the hunted to the hunter, destroying the helicopters. He disappears again. Back at the intersection, Nick takes a blood sample found on the street and then is transported to New Jersey. He enters a shop and buys about five different pregnancy tests when Audrey walks in and we learn the secret to the past. They then go back to Nick's tent where Nick finds out that the monster is pregnant from the blood sample and goes to confirm it. Audrey plays a tape saying TOP SECRET on it and then takes it and leaves. At a meeting we see the leaders planning to draw the beast out again this time to a more open area like Central Park when Nick presents his theory of the creature being pregnant and tries to get the others to believe him. He theorizes that the monster will create a nest like other lizards and that the fish they've been finding around the city is food for it's young. Audrey prepares her report with the tape she stole. Her report goes live after being stolen by Caiman (who dubs the beast "Godzilla", a mispronunciation of "Gojira" from the tape Audrey stole) and Nick is fired for going to the press with his ideas even though he hadn't. He then realizes that Audrey took the tape. After hearing this, Roache plans to leave. While Nick packs up Elsie apologizes and Nick tells her to get Hicks to find the nest. While climbing into a taxi, Audrey shows up and tries to apologize, but the angry and betrayed Nick blows it off. He tells the driver to go to Newark Airport but the drivers locks the doors and drives a different way. Animal follows in a van. When Nick finally gets the driver to stop, Roache reveals himself as the driver and explains the situation. He is part of the French Secret Service and his mission is to protect his country from their own creation. Nick then figures out that Godzilla was created in the French Polynesia during the nuclear testing just like he thought. Nick agrees to help Roache find the nest because Hicks doesn't want to find it. Roache drives them to a base where they prep to enter the city and Animal watches from a hole in the wall. Animal then returns home where he finds Audrey crying because she believes that Hicks not going for the nest is her fault. Animal then convinces her to help him follow Nick and Roache to find the nest. Nick and Roache's team sneak back into the city disguised as US Army soldiers. In Central Park, Hicks has set another trap. While traveling down a wrecked subway, Animal sets off a huge noise that awakens Godzilla and sends him to open air. He proceeds cautiously toward the fish trap but turns away. The army starts firing and Godzilla runs to the river. Though the Army thinks he's escaped again, the Navy has subs waiting for him. After dodging 2 torpedoes Godzilla crashes into one of the subs and the torpedoes destroy while following him. Godzilla then goes back towards land and is hit by two more torpedoes, seemingly killed. Nick and the team then discover that Godzilla has made his nest inside Madison Square Garden (MSG). They discover only 200 eggs which begin hatching. Roache's team has explosive charges but they're insufficient to cause any real damage to the nest. Suddenly, the eggs around them begin to hatch, releasing dozens of baby lizards. In another part of MSG, Audrey and Animal escape into the shower room and then proceed up into the vent. While shutting all the doors to lock them in the arena 2 of Roache's 4 man team are killed by the babies. Nick tries to call the military to send a bomber but all the circuits are busy. Roache then tells him to get out and find help while his team holds them off. Nick cant get out and the last 2 members of Roache's team are killed. Roache and Nick are trying to think of a way to contact the military when Audrey and Animal fall out of the vent. The babies then break the door down just as Audrey comes up with an idea to get a message out. They manage to get to the broadcast booth and send a message out through live TV. The military gets the message and tells them via e-mail that they have less than 6 minutes to get out. They make it to the lobby with 30 sec. to go but the lobby is jam packed with the babies. Roache then finds a way through and gets them out just before F-18s destroy the building. All the infant lizards are killed. After that Audrey and Nick get back together but before they can say anything else Godzilla rises from the ruins. He sniffs one of the dead babies then glares at Nick and the others. They immediately run away to a taxi and drive away with Godzilla chasing them. After a furious chase around Midtown, Nick sees O'Neal and throws the cab ID to him. O'Neal figures out that he can use the cab ID to find the radio frequency to contact Nick. Meanwhile, Nick and the others get stuck in a tunnel with Godzilla trying to dig them out. O'Neal contacts them and Nick comes up with a plan to trap Godzilla in the suspension cables of the Brooklyn Bridge. They get Godzilla onto the bridge after a terrifying incident in his mouth and the beast is ensnared in the cables. Hicks orders the F-18s that blew up MSG to circle back and fire on the beast. They hit him with several missiles. Godzilla falls dead, landing right on Nick's cab. While the city celebrates, Caiman offers a job to Audrey because then his channel would get the exclusive, but she quits. Animal realizes that the tape he had brought to film the entire event is gone. Roache disappears, but calls Nick from a phone booth telling him goodbye and that he will send the tape after he makes a few adjustments to it. Nick then tells Animal this after Roache hangs up and Animal is furious. In MSG, basketballs and towels are burning and there is fire everywhere. One egg is still unhatched and the baby hatches and roars at the camera.
tt0252866
Comedy
After their first year at different colleges, the guys reunite once again and plan their summer. Looking for a good idea, Kevin (Thomas Ian Nicholas) turns to his brother (Casey Afleck) for advices. His brother suggest spending summer in a beach house and throw a bunch of parties with the last one being the biggest. All 4 friends agree but soon realise that they're gonna need an extra man to invest too. Stifler (Sean William Scott), the oversexed college clown gets invited along by Kevin. After arriving in Grand Harbor they manage to find work painting a house (based on the Tuition Painters franchise) in the area together. Because the owners of the house are two hot women, Stifler assumes they're lesbians. When the women leave the house, Stifler goes in to try and find proofs. Unfortunately, the women return quickly and find the guys hidden in the house. Instead of calling the cops, they decide to make fun of the guys. Jim (Jason Biggs), Stifler and Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas) end up performing "like for like" sexual acts on each other in return for being able to watch the girls doing the same thing. Meanwhile, Oz (Chris Klein) and Kevin take turns watching up a ladder and listening on the walkie-talkie also in the room. The conversation is accidentally picked up and heard by many other people in the neighborhood. The whole thing ends when the girls offer to have sex in front of them if the guys will go down on each other. Stifler accepts but Jim and Finch just run away. After this, many concurrent stories run at the same time, some interacting with each other, other staying mainly separate. Jim learns that Nadia (Shannon Elizabeth), his high school crush from the first American Pie film, is coming to visit him in August. Nervous and insecure about his sex skills, and wanting to impress Nadia and make sure she forgets about his poor performance in the first movie, Jim seeks out Michelle (Alyson Hannigan), the band geek, to ask for a review on his performance with her. He finds her at band camp and makes a fool out of himself in front of the audience when he pretends to be Petey, a mentally challenged boy who plays the trombone. Michelle reveals that Jim wasn't really good but also offers to teach him how to get better. At night, Jim tries to watch a porno but ends up mistaking a tube of lube with a tube of super glue, gluing his hand to his penis. After going to the hospital, Jim learns he shouldn't use his penis for a few weeks. Not long after, Nadia shows up a few weeks in advance and obviously looking to get naughty with Jim. Jim doesn't want to reveal what happened and search for an excuse to keep Nadia away for a while so he can heal. He turns to Michelle. They pretend to be in a relationship so that Nadia will not expect Jim to have sex with her. Meanwhile, Michelle teaches Jim a few tricks to be a good lover. When Jim realises he's ready for sex again, he and Michelle breaks up in front of Nadia in an over-the-top fashion. As soon as Michelle closes the door of the house, it is revealed that she had developped real feelings for Jim. Soon after, Jim realises that he has fallen for Michelle too. Even Nadia realizes this and tells him, "Go, get your band geek, and I will find mine". Jim goes and plays the trombone once more whilst Michelle is playing the flute at a major recital in order to show her that she is the one he wants to be with. He returns to the big party with Michelle as his official girlfriend. Oz is lonely, being away from his girlfriend Heather (Mena Suvari) who is studying in Spain. To work out their mutual sexual frustrations from being away from each other, they proceed to start having phone sex. Unfortunately, they are interrupted by Heather's roomates the first time. And by Stifler very undiscreetly listening to the conversation the second time. They both resign themselves to wait for Heather's return. Unable to wait any longer, Heather grabs an earlier flight and surpises Oz at the party. Finch has become involved in the sexual art of Tantra, and claims that through Tantra he can "make an orgasm last for days". He is waiting for Stifler's Mom (Jennifer Coolidge), whom he had sex with in the first film, hoping she will show up and be willing to do it again. When Stifler is talking on the phone and seems to invite someone to their house, Finch assumes it's Stifler's mom, but it turns out to be his little brother Matt (Eli Marienthal), the star of later films. Finch is frustrated, but accept his fate. He spends the big party surrounded by girls and chatting with them. Even though he doesn't get any action, he seems happy. Matt, Stifler's brother, is having a lousy night at his brother's party when Stifler gives him a walkie-talkie and throws him outside to look out for cops. Being bored, he starts playing with the talkie, not knowing that one of the talkies is still at the ''lesbians" house. The girls starts answering Matt. The conversation is not revealed, but Matt shows up at the party with both girls at his arms. Stifler makes fun of him for getting lesbians untill one them says: "Who said we're lesbians?". Stifler understands they're not lesbians and begs to have sex with them. The girls agree. Stifler allows his brother back in the party and leaves with both women. Meanwhile, Kevin spends most of his time trying to understand the new terms of his relationship with his ex-girlfriend, Vicky (Tara Reid), as just friends. He doesn't end up "getting off" with anyone, but he does seem to succeed in getting over her. The geeky Sherman (Chris Owen) gives up on getting anyone after he is turned down by the experienced and savvy Jessica (Natasha Lyonne). In his depressed state, he starts a conversation with Nadia who has just let Jim go. While talking, she finds herself turned on by his "Sherminator" gimmick, and they run together to have sex somewhere. The morning after the big party, the guys are packing the car to return home when a car stops by. Driving the car is Stifler's mom. Finch exchange a few words with her and jumps in the car. They drive off together, unbeknownst to Stifler who just sees the car driving away. When Stifler realises that Finch is missing he finally understands what just happened.
tt1324999
Action,Adventure,Drama
Breaking Dawn Part 1 opens over the Black home on the Quileute reservation. Jacob (Taylor Lautner) storms out of the house, dropping a formal invitation to the ground. Jacob's father, Billy (Gil Birmingham) wheels out after him, but Jacob phases into wolf form and races out into the pouring rain and the woods. Billy picks up the invitation: it's to Bella (Kristen Stewart) and Edward's (Robert Pattinson) wedding. Both Bella's parents receive wedding invitations. It's clear that Charlie (Billy Burke) is not thrilled with the engagement and is probably still upset with Edward for breaking Bella's heart. Renee (Sarah Clarke), on the other hand, is excited and has obviously been expecting the engagement as she shares the invitation with her husband, Phil (Ty Olsson). It's the day before the wedding and the Cullens are preparing their estate for the wedding, all under the direction of Alice (Ashley Greene), who has placed herself in charge, down to the last detail. She sends Bella home for 'lots of beauty sleep,' but Bella sleeps poorly; first, just before she goes to bed, Edward goes to see her and tell her of a time shortly after he was turned, when he struck out on his own to hunt humans for blood (even though his conscience ensured he only killed men who murdered and victimized other people), as a warning against Bella becoming a vampire; and then Bella has a nightmare where the Volturi-- Aro (Michael Sheen), Marcus (Christopher Heyerdahl) and Caius (Jamie Campbell Bower)-- are standing before them in place of the minister, and then suddenly both Edward's tuxedo and Bella's dress are covered in blood as they stand before a pile of bodies -- all of the wedding guests. Bella must face Alice on the wedding day after not having slept, but Alice is pleased to see Rosalie (Nikki Reed) finally starting to warm to Bella as the finality of Bella's joining the Cullen family is finally upon them all. Bella's parents give her a sapphire-encrusted hair comb to wear in her hair, much to Alice's delight. Bella starts to have anxiety as Charlie starts to walk her down the aisle, but seeing Edward at the altar chases them away. Wedding vows are spoken and the new Mr. and Mrs. Cullen share a passionate kiss as all of the guests applaud. Among the wedding guests are Billy, Sue Clearwater (Alex Rice), and her son Seth (BooBoo Stewart) from the Quileute tribe, and Bella's old schoolmate quartet of Mike (Michael Welch), Jessica (Anna Kendrick), Angela (Christian Serratos) and Eric (Justin Chon). The reception is a little bumpier than Edward and Bella would have hoped-- while introducing Bella to the Denali clan, a small cousin-coven of 'vegetarian vampires' from Alaska, one of them, Irina (Maggie Grace) happens to see Seth and recognizes him as a wolf, and promptly becomes very upset-- Irina was in love with Laurent and is unwilling to believe that he tried to kill Bella, insisting that like all of them, he wanted to live in peace with humans, and with her. Jacob finally shows up much to Bella's delight, but when Jacob says he needed to see her one last time while she was still human, Bella carelessly mentions she will be staying human during her honeymoon. Knowing that Bella means she plans to consummate her marriage with Edward while still human, Jacob becomes furious, because he is sure Edward would kill Bella in the process. The rest of the Quileute pack must come out of the woods to pull Jacob away; Sam (Chaske Spencer) curtly telling Jacob that Bella is no longer their concern. For the honeymoon, Edward takes Bella to a small, private island off the coast of Brazil that Carlisle bought for Esme. Two native Ticuna, Kaure (Carolina Virguez) and her husband Gustavo (Sebastio Lemos) are caretakers of the small villa house on the island. Bella's pleasure and enjoyment from the honeymoon, including finally making love with Edward, are cut short when Edward fusses over how he inadvertently left a number of bruises about Bella's body. Frightened of touching her again, he spends most of their time playing chess with her. Bella dreams of finally winning a game against him and starting to kiss him. When she wakes she is in tears, and she begs Edward to try making love to her again. At LaPush beach on the Quileute lands, Jacob is sarcastic in his thoughts on how Bella's death would be announced to the public. Jacob tries to take some comfort in getting to kill Edward once the treaty was broken, but Sam (Chaske Spencer) reminds Jacob that he is still alpha wolf of the pack and decides when and if the treaty is broken. Sam is satisfied that the Cullens are not a threat to the tribe or the human populace. Leah (Julia Jones) thinks Jacob needs to get over Bella, as he hasn't imprinted on her. The mention of imprinting brings back Jacob's cynicism; looking at other pack mates and those they've imprinted on, he is sickened at the thought of no longer belonging to himself while his genes tell him he's happy about it. But Leah feels differently; imprinting would at least rid a pack member of a very real heartache. Bella gets an upset stomach while eating a weird meal (chicken, peanut butter, and yogurt) and has to throw up. Looking inside one of her bags, she spots her unopened box of tampons, and realizes her period is late. Going to the mirror, she is sure that her abdomen is bigger. Alice calls Edward at that moment, struck with concern because she suddenly became unable to see any more visions of Bella. Alice puts Carlisle (Peter Facinelli) on the phone and Bella tells him that she thinks she's pregnant -- suddenly wincing as if to prove her point; she's now sure she felt something move inside her. Carlisle tells Edward that he must bring Bella home immediately so Carlisle can examine her. But when Edward tells Bella that Carlisle will 'get that thing' out of her, Bella is struck with a protective streak, unable to imagine her unborn child being a 'thing.' On the way out, Kaure confronts them and is horrified. From her people's legends, she suspects the truth about Edward. Edward pleads with Kaure to tell him if there's anything he can do for Bella. Bella allows Kaure to put a hand on her stomach, and Kaure only says in her native tongue, 'death.' As Edward is seeing to the private plane's preparation for takeoff, Bella calls Rosalie, the one person she knows will be entirely on her side, for help in preventing the rest of the Cullens from terminating her pregnancy. Jacob arrives home and finds Charlie's police cruiser there. Inside the house, Charlie tells Jacob that Bella called, and that her voice sounded off. Jacob is sure that Bella is very ill and goes to the Cullen home for an explanation. Bella hears Jacob's voice and calls to him, showing that she's there. Jacob goes upstairs to find Rosalie standing in front of Bella like a protective mother bear. Bella's unborn child has grown alarmingly fast and she already looks well into her pregnancy-- and the rest of her body is beginning to look more emaciated; her cheeks and face sunken and sallow. Carlisle says the embryonic sac is too strong to be punctured by a probe needle and an ultrasound cannot see inside it. Alice can't see any visions of the baby, or Bella, either. The Cullens are researching legends of rumored vampire-human offspring but have nothing concrete, and they are divided-- Rosalie fiercely protecting Bella's desire to have her baby despite several of the other Cullens unsure whether the offspring can even be called a baby at all. Edward takes Jacob aside and confides in him that he is worried about Bella's life, asking Jacob if he can try and talk Bella out of carrying her baby full term. Edward says that if Bella refuses to relent, and the baby kills her as most of the Cullens fear, he gives Jacob permission to kill him. When Bella does not bend under Jacob's attempt at persuasion, he leaves the Cullen estate in a rage and races through the woods in wolf form. The rest of the pack converges with him at a lumber yard, all likewise in wolf form, and they all argue. All of the pack is furious at the news of Bella's pregnancy, convinced that the unborn offspring will be unable to control its thirst and will be a dangerous abomination that will endanger the pack and the town. Sam decrees that the unborn offspring must be destroyed before it is born, even if it means they must kill Bella, and fight through the whole Cullen clan to get at her. When Jacob rebels at the decree, Sam advances toward him, using his authority as alpha wolf to order Jacob to fight alongside them. All of the pack, who must obey Sam's direct orders, are forced to bow their heads in submission. But suddenly Jacob, struggling with all of his will, thrusts his lupine head back up and invokes his right as the grandson of Ephraim Black, last chief of the tribe, to refuse to follow Sam any further. Jacob races back to the Cullen home and warns Edward to 'get ready.' Jacob finds that Seth has followed him-- he's left the pack and chosen to follow Jacob. Leah has likewise left in order to watch over her little brother. Jacob insists he doesn't want them to follow him, but he refuses to give them a direct order as alpha wolf to make them go back. Leah says Sam doesn't know she and Seth left the pack, but no sooner does she finish saying so when they hear the howls of the pack, telling them that Sam does know now. Jacob tells the Cullens what he's learned from Leah: Sam knows he's lost the element of surprise, and with the pack down three members, he is now outnumbered. The Quileutes will therefore keep the home surrounded and wait for opportunities to pick off the Cullens when chance permits. However, the Cullens are all in need of hunting (their eyes have become black, showing their thirst). Jacob is on watch near the river when Leah joins him. Jacob doesn't trust Leah near the Cullens because she hates them. Leah promises to do whatever Jacob wants, except go back to Sam, the ex-lover she lost and can never have back. Although she is a wolf, as a female she doesn't quite fit in with the pack, and she desperately longs to imprint on anyone just to heal her broken heart. Jacob, Seth and Leah continue to guard the Cullen home. Esme comes out to bring them sandwiches. Meanwhile, Bella's unborn baby grows exceptionally fast, and her body continues to grow more emaciated; her cheeks more sunken; her skin and hair ashen. One of her ribs is broken, and Carlisle warns her that the baby is robbing her body of the nutrition it needs; starving her by the minute. He warns that the fetus is incompatible with her body and her heart will give out before she can deliver. Bella and Edward are pitted against each other; Bella is ready to die for her unborn baby and feels that Edward will have a son or daughter through which Bella's memory would live on. But Edward cannot accept the baby if Bella dies, and he didn't choose for her to leave him. Bella's body becomes gaunt and frail; she is barely able to stand, and cannot walk unaided. Carlisle hooks her up to an IV drip. Jacob attempts to warm her up with his body heat. Bella suddenly leans forward due to nausea, but she is unable to throw up since she hasn't eaten in quite some time. Reading a thought Jacob has, Edward realizes that Jacob might have the right idea: the baby is thirsting for blood. Carlisle has some O negative human blood from the hospital's blood bank stored away. Bella drinks some and starts to feel better; her pulse immediately improving. Edward is bringing Bella another cup of blood and interrupts Bella's conversation with Charlie. Bella tells Charlie that she is better but she's going to a medical center in Switzerland. This upsets Charlie very much as he hasn't seen Bella since the wedding. Bella hangs up and becomes upset. Edward apologizes to her as he didn't realize how difficult this was for Bella. He realizes he's left her alone through this. Suddenly, he hears a voice he doesn't recognize. He realizes it's coming from the baby. Putting a hand on Bella's stomach, he realizes he can hear the baby's thoughts. The baby's heart is pure and good, like Bella's, and it loves both of them. Edward now wants to see the baby safely born as well. The baby is close to delivery, and Carlisle needs to be at his strongest. He and Esme must hunt. Emmett will go with them, but Sam still won't hesitate to go after them so that Bella will have fewer protectors. When Esme firmly tells Jacob that she and Carlisle are ready to lay down their lives for Bella, Jacob understands that the Cullens are a family as close-knit as his own. He knows what he must do. Jacob goes out into the woods and calls for a truce to speak with the pack. Paul (Alex Meraz), Embry (Kiowa Gordon), Quil (Tyson Houseman) and Jared (Bronson Pelletier) confront him. Jacob tells them that he wants Sam to take Leah and Seth back, and that when the baby is born, Jacob will personally destroy it-- he alone has the trust of the Cullens and the opening to do so. Carlisle, Esme, and Emmett rush out into the woods, pursued by Sam and another pack member. The two wolves take Esme down and are about to kill her when Emmett grabs her up and gets her to safety across a river gorge. Sam's howl alerts Paul that Jacob's truce was a ruse to split the pack up so that the Cullens could escape from them. Back in the Cullen home, Rosalie gets Bella to tell Jacob and Edward the names she's picked for the baby. If the baby is male, Bella will name him EJ, for Edward Jacob. If the baby is a girl, she'll be named Renesmee; after both Rene and Esme. As Rosalie hands Bella a cup of blood for her to drink, the cup drops and Bella instinctively tries to bend over to catch it. Her back suddenly breaks; she falls to her knees and one knee breaks. She's gone into labor. The placenta has detached and the baby will die unless taken out of her body immediately. Rosalie has to cut an incision in Bella's body for an emergency C-section before a morphine shot given as an anesthetic can take effect. But as she makes the incision, Rosalie is overwhelmed with blood-thirst and Jacob and Alice must pull her out of the room. Bella cannot be changed until the baby comes out, but it appears the baby will destroy Bella from the inside out before it happens. Desperate, Edward uses his teeth to finish the incision and extracts the baby. The baby is a girl. He shows her to Bella and calls her Renesmee. Bella smiles at her baby daughter as Edward puts Renesmee gently on her chest. The weight of the baby crushes Bella's fragile chest and suddenly her face and eyes go vacant. Both Jacob and Edward think she's dead. Edward passes Renesmee to a recovered Rosalie and works feverishly with Jacob to try and revive Bella. He takes a syringe filled with his venom and injects it straight into Bella's heart. But all their efforts are seemingly unsuccessful. Jacob tells Edward that instead of killing him, Jacob will let him live with his guilt. He then goes outside, sits on the ground and begins to cry. Seth realizes Bella didn't make it. From the edge of the woods, Paul, in wolf form, is watching. Edward continues to struggle to revive Bella, biting her several times to inject more venom, refusing to believe that she is truly dead. Back on the Quileute lands, Sam is telling Billy that even if Jacob is his son, he's betrayed the pack. Paul comes up and whispers something to Sam. Sam tells everyone that Bella is dead, and the baby killed her. He gives a curt order for the pack to follow; they're going to war. At that moment Jacob has decided that he will take revenge of his own for the loss of Bella. He stalks back into the house to kill Renesmee. Rosalie, absorbed in cuddling and playing with the baby, does not notice as he creeps up behind her. But Rosalie happens to lift Renesmee up to where the baby can look over Rosalie's shoulder. Baby Renesmee's eyes meet Jacob's and he freezes. Jacob imprints on Renesmee, seeing her future as a beautiful and gentle girl. Her future becomes his; he is now bound to become anything she might need; a brother, a friend, a protector. Sam and the pack arrive at the Cullen home. Rosalie is caring for Renesmee so only Edward, Alice and Jasper can defend the house, and now Sam has the numbers advantage, seven to three since Emmett, Carlisle, and Esme have not yet returned. Sam personally rushes to strike down Edward. Sam is ready to finish Edward when Carlisle, Esme and Emmett, revitalized, arrive back at the house to defend their family. Leah rushes out and saves Alice, and Seth follows behind her. The numbers are now just shy of even, but Sam and the pack are fighting to kill, while the Cullens, and Leah and Seth, are merely trying to ward the pack off. The standoff is ended when Jacob comes out to tell Sam that if he kills Renesmee, he also kills Jacob. Jacob phases into wolf form, advancing and snarling, and all of the wolves back away -- even Sam. Reading Jacob's thoughts, Edward tells the pack and the Cullens that Jacob imprinted on Renesmee which means that the pack cannot harm her-- it's their most absolute law. The wolves back off and leave, respecting Jacob's new mate. The Cullens clean and dress Bella's body, and Carlisle points out to Edward that Bella's heart is still beating, but she is immobile because of the morphine having took effect while she was in labor. All they can do is wait. Finally the venom kicks in; the bite marks disappear from Bella's flesh, her bones mend together, her cheeks and limbs fill out as her body regains its healthy appearance. Bella's heart stops beating and her skin turns pale. During the healing process, memories of Bella's childhood to adulthood are shown with the last memory being a happy Charlie and Renee holding a smiling Bella in front of a mirror. The camera pans in to show Bella's eyes as they suddenly open to reveal a crimson red color. Bella is now a newborn vampire. Partway through the credits is a final scene where the Volturi receptionist, Bianca, is delivering a formal announcement to Aro. Aro reads the announcement, which informs them that Bella has been changed and is Edward's wife. Marcus and Caius believe that the dispute with the Cullens is now over, but Aro scoffs at this; the dispute goes far beyond a single human. The Cullens have something that Aro wants.
tt0113497
Adventure,Comedy,Family
The film begins in 1869 in the town of Brantford, New Hampshire. Two boys are seen breathlessly running with a box, which they proceed to bury in the woods. The film then cuts to a century later in Brantford. A young boy named Alan Parrish is chased by a gang of bullies and seeks refuge in his father's shoe factory. Alan encounters one of his father's employees named Carl, who has created a prototype sneaker which he feels is the future of Parrish Shoes. Alan carelessly places the prototype on a conveyor belt as he is discovered by his father. Sam Parrish chastises his son for being bullied and claims that Alan needs to stand up for himself. As Alan leaves a grinding noise is heard from one of the factory's machines. The conveyor belt upon which Alan placed the prototype sent the shoe into the machine, damaging the machine along with Carl's prototype. Sam demands to know who is responsible for the incident, and Carl takes the blame for Alan. Outside the factory, Alan is accosted by the bullies. One of them demands that Alan stay away from his girlfriend. Alan claims that he and the bully's girlfriend are 'just friends,' but this just leads to them beating up Alan and taking his bike. As Alan recovers, a strange drum beat catches his ear, and he is drawn to a construction site. Wedged in a section of ground is the box the two boys had buried a century before. Alan pulls it out, opens it up, and finds a wooden board game inside named, 'Jumanji.' That evening, Alan's parents are going out to an event. Alan's mother has told his father that there are multiple bullies and Alan's father tells Alan that he is proud of him for standing up to them as he did. However, Alan's face soon falls when his father proclaims they are sending him to a boarding school for boys. Alan grows indignant at being forced into doing something he doesn't want to do and he and his father part ways for the night in anger. Once Alan's parents leave, he attempts to pack a suitcase and run away from home. As Alan is about to walk out the front door, a knock is heard and he opens the door to find Sarah Whittle (the bully's girlfriend), who has come to return Alan's bike. The drum sounds are heard again and lead the two to the Jumanji board game. Alan sets the game up for the two of them to play but Sarah claims she's too old for board games and playfully throws down the dice. After she does so, a piece on the board moves on its own, and strange sounds are heard from the fireplace. Sarah becomes scared and tells Alan to not take his turn. Ignoring her, he rolls the dice and receives the following message: "In the jungle you must wait, until the dice read five or eight." Sarah recoils in horror as Alan is literally sucked into the game, following which scores of large bats swarm down the chimney and out through the fireplace. Sarah runs screaming from the house, slamming the door behind her. Twenty-six years later, Nora Shepherd moves into the now-vacant Parrish mansion with her niece and nephew, Judy and Peter. The children have been entrusted into Nora's care since their parents were killed while on a skiing trip. Judy has developed a penchant for concocting ridiculous lies while Peter has coped by becoming quiet and withdrawn. Judy and Peter explore the house and soon make their way to the attic, where they are spooked by a bat. This brings an exterminator to inspect the house but nothing else turns up. When Judy is shown pictures of various bats, she points out a picture of an African fruit bat. The exterminator says that a girl in the 60's claimed to have seen the same kind of bat. Before he leaves, the exterminator tells the kids a story that he believes the owner of the house murdered his son Alan, dismembered his body and hid the remains in the walls of the mansion. The next day, while Nora is out, Peter and Judy hear the tribal drum sounds, and come across the Jumanji board game in the attic. Opening it up, two game pieces magically lock into place for them. The first roll of the dice by Judy spawns giant mosquitoes, which soon fly out an open window in the attic. Peter rolls snake-eyes, which unleashes a horde of crazed monkeys in the kitchen. It is after this that Judy reads a message on the game board which states that everything will revert to normal once the game is finished. As Peter has rolled 'doubles,' he takes another turn. Peter rolls a '5,' and the two are soon shocked to find a lion in their house. Their shock soon doubles when Alan appears, now a forty-year-old man in jungle garb. Alan corrals the lion in a bedroom before thanking Judy and Peter for freeing him. When Alan asks where his parents are, Judy informs him that it is 1995 and that she, Peter and their Aunt Nora are the new owners of the house. Alan rushes outside, where he encounters Carl in a police cruiser. While Carl demands to know who Alan is, the monkeys from the kitchen hijack Carl's car and drive off in it, with Carl running behind in pursuit. Alan then rushes off, intent to find his family. Alan soon finds the Parrish Shoe Factory has been shuttered. Entering the factory, Alan comes across a homeless man who tells the group that after Alan went missing, Sam used all his time, energy and wealth to find him. When Alan asks to know where the two elder Parish's are, the homeless man directs Alan to the nearby cemetery. After visiting his parents' graves, Alan and the kids return to the mansion, where the kids attempt to get Alan to help them finish the game. However, they soon find that the game has to be played in the order of who is next. As Alan was the second person to roll the dice, followed by Judy and Peter, that means that Sarah has to roll the dice for the game to advance. Unsure where to go, the three go to the house where Sarah lived as a girl only to find psychic living there. They ask the psychic for help finding Sarah, only to find the psychic IS Sarah. After Sarah faints at the sight of Alan, Alan and the kids take her back to the mansion. Upon seeing the game board Sarah freaks out, claiming that what she 'thought' she saw (Alan being sucked into the game) was a hallucination, and that Alan's father had killed him and dismembered his body, hiding it in the walls of the mansion. Alan manages to trick Sarah into taking her turn, which unleashes a number of carnivorous plants. The group then retreats to another part of the house, where Alan takes his turn. Alan's turn summons the game's most deadly aspect--a big-game hunter from the game named Van Pelt, who has been chasing Alan for some time within the game of Jumanji. It is only when Van Pelt runs out of ammunition does he give up, going off to get more. We can tell that Jumanji has created Van Pelt by patterning him after Alan's father, Sam Parrish. He seems only interesting in hunting Alan to death and screams at him for being "a sniveling, yellow coward" for not facing Van Pelt and his gun. Once again, an exaggerated nightmare conjuring of Sam Parrish. The group next goes to the library in the mansion, where Judy's turn results in a massive stampede of animals bursting forth from the bookcase behind them. In the ensuing chaos, a large white pelican grabs the game in its beak and flies off. Alan chases after it, with the group in tow. Alan finds the pelican by a river, catches a fish and tosses it to the bird, causing it to knock the game into the river. Peter manages to retrieve the game and everyone returns to the house. However, Carl appears and takes Alan away. Once Alan is gone, Peter reveals that he has attempted to cheat by attempting to drop the dice so that he would get the number he needed to reach the end. As a result, Peter begins to morph into a monkey. In the police cruiser, Alan finally tells Carl who he is and Carl attempts to get Alan back to Judy, Peter and Sarah. Meanwhile, the three have been found again by Van Pelt (now having acquired a Daewoo USAS-12 (automatic shotgun). The chase leads the group into the heart of the town where the animal stampede almost kills Peter. Van Pelt finds Peter trapped in a crushed car and wrestles the game away from him, then heads for a discount store. Van Pelt intends to trap Sarah and use her as bait along with the game to lure Alan to him. Alan and Carl eventually do find them at the store. Carl's vehicle crashes through the front of the store, burying Van Pelt in an avalanche of paint cans. The group returns to the house, only to find the carnivorous plants have taken over the interior. The next turn causes a monsoon to flood the main floor of the house and the group to be chased by a large crocodile. Everyone heads for the attic, where Sarah takes her turn, and the floor turns to quicksand, almost swallowing Alan. Judy rolls the dice, freezing the floor, saving Alan from being swallowed up by the floor. Peter rolls next and some large spiders suddenly appear. Judy attempts to fight them off, but accidentally finds one of the plants, which shoots her with a poisonous barb. Sarah takes her turn, resulting in an earthquake that splits the Parrish house in two. Alan is freed and falls through the floor, along with the game. Alan manages to recover the game and is about to take his turn when Van Pelt appears. Alan drops the dice. Van Pelt encourages Alan to run, but Alan declares that he won't run anymore and will face his fears. As he says this, the dice finish their roll and Alan's piece reaches the center of the board. Van Pelt asks Alan for his last words. After Alan calls out the name of the game, all the creatures and animals are sucked back into the game (including Van Pelt himself), as Alan and Sarah embrace each other and close their eyes. When they open them again, they find themselves back in the parlor of Alan's house in 1969. A sound is heard nearby as Sam Parrish returns to get a forgotten speech. Alan quickly rushes to hug his father and apologizes for what he said before his father left. Sam apologizes as well and decides not to send him away. He also takes responsibility for Carl's prototype sneaker becoming lodged in the factory machine. After Sam leaves, Alan panics about Judy and Peter. Sarah reminds him that they don't yet exist. The two then take the game, weight it down, and toss it into a nearby river. Sarah then tells Alan that it feels like the memories of their adventure are waning and decides to kiss him for the bravery he showed. The epilogue of the film returns us to the year 1995. Alan and Sarah have married and are expecting their first child. A Christmas party is being held at the Parrish mansion, and Alan is speaking by phone to his father as he and Alan's mother are away on a vacation. Carl is present at the party. Alan and Sarah have also invited Judy and Peter and their parents to the party (though the kids have no idea of the previous adventures). Alan and Sarah are eager to provide Judy and Peter's father with an advertising position with the Parrish Shoe company. However both of the parents feel they should wait to accept until after they take a planned skiing trip in the Canadian Rockies. Alan and Sarah, in unison, shriek, "NO!" The film ends with a pair of French girls walking along a beach, wondering about a strange drum beat they both hear. Buried in the sand several yards in front of them is the Jumanji board game, preparing to claim its next players.
tt0780521
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
In New Orleans, a young girl named Tiana ( Elizabeth M. Dampier) and her mother are visiting the La Bouff family, where Tiana's mother Eudora (Oprah Winfrey) is crafting a dress for the family's daughter, Charlotte (Breanna Brooks). Charlotte is a lover of fairy tales, and Eudora reads the two the story of "The Frog Prince." While Charlotte is enamoured with kissing a frog that becomes a prince, Tiana finds the thought disgusting. Upon returning home, Tiana helps her father, James (Terrence Howard) prepare gumbo. As the meal is finished, her father tells of his dream to one day open his own restaurant. When Tiana eagerly chimes in that she wants to help, her father claims they'll call it Tiana's Place. Upon seeing the Evening Star outside her window, Tiana makes a wish, to which her father explains that wishing can only go so far, and that she has to help that wish along. As time passes, Tiana (Anika Noni Rose) holds onto the dream, even after her father has passed away. Working two different jobs, Tiana spends almost all of her time working and saving for a place, with little time for friends or fun. One morning, she runs into Charlotte (Jennifer Cody) and her father 'Big Daddy' La Bouff (John Goodman), who has been named King of the Mardi Gras for the fifth year in a row. Charlotte is incredibly excited that a visiting prince named Naveen (Bruno Campos) is in New Orleans. As Naveen is single, Charlotte hopes to fulfill her wish of marrying a prince and living happily ever after, and has invited him to attend a social function at the family mansion. Knowing of Tiana's cooking skills, Charlotte pays her friend a large sum of money to cater the event. Tiana is pleased, as the money is just enough to allow her to purchase the place to start her restaurant. Tiana contacts the building's owners and shows the place to her mother. While Eudora is pleased, she is worried that Tiana seems to have no time for herself, with her one-mindedness regarding the restaurant. Meanwhile, Prince Naveen is entertaining a crowd; playing the ukelele with a band, and dancing. His assistant Lawrence (Peter Bartlett) angrily comes up to him, complaining that the two would be late for the La Bouff's masquerade. Naveen brushes the issue off, and offers to buy everyone in the crowd a drink, but Lawrence reveals that the prince is broke. His only options of fixing his financial state are to marry a wealthy young lady, or get a job. Relucantly, Naveen agrees, but a spectactle soon ensues, resulting in the two landing dizzily on the footpath. A tall man, introducing himself as Dr. Facilier (Keith David) greets them, and hands Naveen a business card reading 'Tarot Readings, Charms, Potions, Dreams Made Real', before pretending to read the prince's palm and recognising him as a royal. Naveen eagerly informs Lawrence of Facilier's feat, but the assistant grabs a newspaper with the prince's face printed on it, from the witch doctor's back pocket and calls him a charlatan. Facilier has a brief flash of anger, before he regains his composure and invites the others into his shop. Naveen and Lawrence each take three of his tarot cards. Facilier looks at Naveen's cards, and deduces that he is from across the sea, and despite being royalty has little money, due to his parents cutting off his funds. He says the prince needs to marry a rich young woman, but this would conflict with his urges to be free. Lastly, the Shadow Man states that although freedom takes money, he sees the prince being wealthy in his future. He then moves onto Lawrence, and after inspecting the assistant's cards, concludes that although he has been pushed around by others all his life, he will be the man he always wanted to be; namely, Lawrence being wealthy, powerful and the boss of Naveen. Facilier offers both men his hand, and while Naveen uncertainly shakes it, Lawrence does so with fervour. Quickly, the witch doctor gets down to work, pricking the prince's finger and filling up a small head-shaped talisman with his blood. Transformations begin to change both Naveen and Lawrence, but the scene darkens before anything noticeable occurs. At the La Bouff mansion, Tiana shows up to cater the event, and soon, Prince Naveen arrives. Charlotte eagerly goes to him for a dance. As Tiana watches her friend, she discovers the realtors of the property have also attended the function, as they approach her and the food. Tiana eagerly tells of her wish to sign the papers to the building as .soon as possible, but the two men explain that someone else has offered a larger sum, and are planning to deny her the property, unless she can come up with more money. Upset and heartbroken, Tiana accidentally makes a mess of her outfit. Charlotte, seeing her friend in need, allows her to change out of the outfit, into a blue gown with tiara. While in Charlotte's room, she sees the star shining in the sky, and wishes for help regarding her restaurant. As she looks down, she finds a frog sitting near her, and sarcastically asks it if it wants a kiss. To her surprise, the frog replies, and Tiana screams and races back inside. After unsuccessfully dodging the stuffed animals thrown at him and being smacked with a book, the frog is finally able to tell Tia, that he is Prince Naveen of Maldonia. She then asks him, that if he is Prince Naveen, who is the person dancing with Charlotte downstairs, to which he replies that he has no idea. Suddenly, he spots the name of the book Tiana is holding; The Frog Prince. He, under the impression that Tia is a princess, tells her that like what happens in the book, if she kisses him, he will turn back into a prince. She abruptly refuses, but when Naveen mentions that his wealthy family might be able to reward her in some way, Tiana thinks about her restaurant, and determindedly plants a kiss on the frog. To the horror of both parties, not only is Naveen still a frog, but Tia has changed into one two. Shocked and angry, she launches herself at the prince and tackles him, until they both go flying out the window onto a drum set, before falling into the neck of Charlotte's dress. 'Big Daddy' La Bouff yells for Stella the dog to catch the frogs, who run across a dinner table before escaping via a bunch of balloons. As the masquerade comes to an abrupt end, the Prince Naveen imposter hurries into a nearby cottage and opens up a cabinet to find an empty jar. Dr. Facilier appears from behind him and accuses him of letting the real prince/frog go. The imposter is revealed to be Lawrence, who can only keep the prince's form if he is wearing the blood-filled talisman around his neck. Lawrence, having second thoughts about the deceit, throws the talisman to Facilier, telling him to wear it instead. The Shadow Man angrily shouts for him to be careful with the object, and then replies that even if he wanted to be the fake prince, the voodoo magic wouldn't work on him. They also discuss their plan; Lawrence is going to marry Charlotte, then Facilier would dispose of Big Daddy, and their fortune would be shared. Still clutching onto the balloon strings, Tiana discovers that the reason why Naveen was changed into a frog was because he was messing with voodoo, and stubbornly states that the only way to get things in life is through hard work. Taken aback, Naveen questions why a princess would ever have to work, and Tia replies that she's a waitress not a princess. Outraged, the prince exclaims that that was why the kiss didn't work, and the two engage in a heated argument before the balloons suddenly pop and they are sent falling into a lake. They narrowly escape a large fish and then an aggressive crane, followed by a group of hungry alligators from which they hide in an old tree and spend the night. In the morning, Tiana makes a small raft so that the two can make their way back to New Orleans and become humans again. To her annoyance, Naveen doesn't help with the paddling, and instead sits and plays a twig-guitar. Tia turns around to give him a piece of her mind, but sees a huge alligator that looks as if it's about to eat up Naveen. To both of the frog's surprise however, the alligator pulls out a trumpet and launches into a jam session with the prince, and introduces himself as Louis (Michael-Leon Wooley). Naveen explains that he and Tiana are both humans, turned into frogs by voodoo magic, to which Louis replies that a woman named Mama Odie (Jenifer Lewis) is the voodoo queen of the bayou, and she can perform similar feats. As the journey to her lair is so dangerous however, he flatly refuses when the two ask if he can take them there. Disappointed, Tiana is about to return to her paddling, when Naveen hops off the raft and suavely persuades Louis to guide them to Mama Odie's. He says that the witch could probably turn the toothy alligator into a human as well, so that he could fulfill his dream of playing with the jazz musicians of the city. This is too much for Louis, who swiftly agrees to take them there. Back at the La Bouffe's, Charlotte and Lawrence, posing as Prince Naveen have tea together. Suddenly, one of Lawrence's ears appears to swell up, although it has really just returned to it's normal size. Worriedly, he checks the talisman and sees that half of the blood has been used up. He nervously blames his ear on mosquitoes, but just as quickly, his backside enlarges. Lawrence manipulates and maneuvres Charlotte so she can't see his transformation back into his plump self, just as his chin and stomach swell up. To distract her, he hurriedly proposes to her, and Charlotte accepts before happily waltzing away. Dr. Facilier appears from nowhere and watches as all the blood is drained and Lawrence returns entirely to his former body. As the assistant had let Naveen free so that his blood was currently unavailable, the Shadow Man is forced to ask for help from his 'friends on the other side'. Meanwhile in the bayou, Tiana tells Louis about her big plans for the restaurant. Quickly the trio realises their hunger, and the frogs try fruitlessly to catch flies for food. But their inexperience falis their attempt, as Naveen and Tiana's tongues get tied in a knot. Louis tries to help but just makes the knot incredibly more complicated, before hurrying off to get a sharp stick. A firefly zooms down to observe the struggling couple, and chuckles at their discomfort. Soon enough however, he undoes the knot and introduces himself as Ray (Jim Cummings). The two explain their predicament to him, but the firefly says that they're heading in the wrong way if they want to meet Mama Odie. Right on cue, Louis runs in waving a sharp stick in the air but Ray whispers to Tiana to never take directions from an alligator, as they'll always get you lost. He then whistles, and immediately thousands of fireflies light up to show the group the way. Dr. Facilier, back in his shop is asking large totem heads on the wall for assistance in retrieving Naveen, but they frown menacingly at his plea. As if expecting their negative answer however, Facilier assures them that as soon as he kills 'Big Daddy' La Bouff, the 'friends' can have all the souls of New Orleans for themselves. To this, the heads agree, and a multitude of shadows enter the room. Facilier orders them to find Naveen, and bring him back alive... for now. Back at the bayou, Ray is farewelling his relatives as he prepares to go with Tiana, Naveen and Louis the rest of the way. He reveals to Tiana that he is in love with Evangeline, but Naveen advises the firefly to not settle down so quickly. Louis is pricked by a bush and melodramatically wails in pain until Ray calms him down to pull out the thistles. As the group is preoccupied, a trio of hunters lies in wait, planning to catch and eat Tia and Naveen. Unaware of the danger they're in, the two frogs walk away from the others, Tiana in front, chopping away at leaves in her path, and Naveen behind. After being told by Naveen that she doesn't know how to have fun, Tia angrily retorts that he's a lazy good-for-nothing. While they exchange heated words, Naveen is captured in a net by Reggie (Ritchie Montgomery), and Tia by Two Fingers (Paul Briggs). She escapes, just as Louis and Ray spots Reggie in a boat with guns, gloating over the prince. In his terror, Louis accidentally falls back in the thorn bushes, but the firefly flies up the old hunter's nose to distract him and set Naveen free. Running away from Darnell (Don Hall), Tia inadvertently lands herself in a trap box and is promptly sat upon by Reggie to prevent her escape. The prince bobs out of the water, gleeful with his freedom but sees Tiana trapped, and follows the boat. He sits on Reggie's head, causing Darnell to dimwittedly whack his father to try and hit the agile frog. Soon chaos ensues, and Tia is able to get out of her cage. Naveen and Tiana return to Louis and Ray after their ordeal, while the firefly impatiently yanks the thistles out of the pained alligator. To make him feel better, Tia makes swamp gumbo but insists Naveen help by mincing the mushrooms while she gathers peppers. She returns to find him struggling with the task, and smiling, helps him. The prince admits that since his charmed life in the castle, he doesn't know how to do anything. One of the shadows under Facilier's orders, meanwhile, finds flowers as evidence of the frogs and lets out a piercing call. Soon the other shadows follow him and they make their way towards the prince. After eating the swamp gumbo, Naveen compliments Tiana's cooking, saying she has a gift to which she thanks him. Ray changes the subject though, pointing to the sky and telling the others that the Evening Star is Evangeline. He sings about his love for her, but when Louis moves to interrupt and tell him that his love is actually a star, Naveen throws a nutshell at him and gestures for him to be quiet. The prince asks Tia to dance with him, but she dejectedly hops to another lilypad and sadly tells him that she doesn't dance. Naveen tugs her back near him however, and quietly tells her that if he can mince, she can dance. They begin dancing on a lilypad to Louis's trumpet, while Ray creates mood lighting. The pair are about to kiss, until Tia pushes him away and remarks that Charlotte was getting herself a superb dance partner. Suddenly, the shadows grab and drag Naveen away, but although the others run after him, it doesn't look like they're fast enough. Bursts of light from nowhere, hit the shadows and destroy them, rendering Naveen free, and as the group looks for their saviour, they meet Mama Odie. She brings them back to her tree house and introduces them to her pet python Juju, who she uses as a walking stick. Tiana and Naveen try to get her attention to turn them back into humans, but she interrupts each of their attempts, by offering them candy, falling asleep and going to her gumbo pot. Eventually she answers their questions by trying to teach them the difference of wants and needs. Tiana doesn't understand however, so wearily Mama Odie shows them through the gumbo pot, how to turn human again; Naveen will have to kiss Charlotte before midnight, while she's princess of the Mardi Gras parade. The group decide to make their way to New Orleans by following Louis' suggestion, and they sneakily climb aboard the river boat. A group of musicians soon make their way past however, and while Naveen, Ray and Tiana can hide, Louis is too big, and is noticed by them. Luckily for both parties however, the alligator is thought to be a human inside an alligator costume, and excitedly plays the trumpet and follows them. Ray and Tiana go to watch Louis play with 'the big boys', but Naveen mysteriously decides to stay back and says he'll catch up with the others later. He then fashions a ring out of rope and a beaded bracelet, before asking Evangeline why he can't just tell Tiana he loves her. Ray flies in in the wrong moment, and thinking Naveen is making a move on Evangeline begins to pummel him. Naveen quickly sets the record straight, but tells Ray to not tell Tiana about his love for her. Soon after, the prince leads Tia to a private dinner, where she is taken aback but delighted. He treats her to a minced dinner, but due to nerves, begins making mistakes, telling Tia he has dated thousands of women, then calling her one of the guys before tripping and upturning the food. She takes it in her stride though, giggling and saying she thinks it's cute. Naveen is about to propose to her, but Tiana interrupts, pointing out her future restaurant and gushing about her plans for it. When she mentions, however, that she needs the money by the next day, or she'll lose the restaurant forever, the prince realises he cannot marry her and disappointedly heads off. While Tiana talks to Evangeline, telling her about her uncertainty for the future, Naveen is being dragged off once again, by the shadows. Charlotte is seen knocking on a door, calling for Prince Naveen to hurry up for the Mardi Gras wedding, while Lawrence worriedly procrastinates, saying he'll be ready shortly, but itching for Naveen's blood so he can take his form again. The shadows suddenly appear, and toss the prince into Facilier's hat, where they take more of his blood and drip it into the talisman. Back on the river boat, which has docked, everyone's getting off to play at the Mardi Gras, but Tiana asks Ray where Naveen is. Ray lets slip that Naveen loves her, and that he plans to marry her after kissing Charlotte and getting them both turned back into humans. Giddy with joy, Tiana hops around the Mardi Gras, looking for the float where Naveen would be kissing Charlotte, but instead sees the Prince imposter about to marry her. Mistaking Lawrence for the actual prince, Tia is devastated and tunes out Ray as he wonders how it can be true, when Mama Odie specifically said both frogs would be turned human once again. Tia hops off sadly, and Ray flies through the city looking for her. Once he does, he tries to comfort her but Tiana angrily bursts out that Evangeline isn't real, and is just a star. Ray tearily tells Evangeline to not listen to Tia, and that she's only speaking out of a broken heart, before flying off to put things right. As Lawrence prepares to wed Charlotte, Facilier chuckles, preparing to kill Big Daddy through the use of a voodoo doll. Ray finds Naveen locked inside a small chest right next to Lawrence, and quickly sets him free. Naveen launches himself at the former assistant, and the two go tumbling off the float. Lawrence runs off to dispose of the frog, but the prince takes the talisman off his neck and throws it to Ray who flies away with it. The shadows and Facilier run after the firefly, and to help him, Louis stops playing and growls, alerting the other musicians that he's an actual alligator. As the crowd screams and parts, Louis runs off to help his friend. Ray meanwhile, zooms towards Tiana, and quickly explains the nature of the talisman, claiming it proves that what they saw wasn't the truth. Tiana hops off with the object, while Ray stays behind to destroy as many shadows as possible. With his light, he kills a few of them, but Facilier soon arrives and knocks the firefly to the ground, before disgustedly stepping on him. A few seconds later, Louis comes running, calling for Ray, but finds the firefly lying on the ground and makes off for Tiana. The shadows and Facilier continue chasing Tiana, but when she threatens to break the talisman into a million pieces, the Shadow Man casts an enchantment on her, causing her to look human again, and changes the setting, to her dream restaurant. She thinks she sees Naveen playing the ukulele in the corner of the room, but when the man turns around, she sees it isn't and is disappointed. Facilier meanwhile, tries to convince Tia to hand over the artifact, promising the restaurant and becoming a human again. When she refuses to, he brings up memories of her sacrifices and people doubting her abilities, and finally her father working hard but failing to get enough money for a restaurant. Facilier tells Tiana that she could get everything that her father ever wanted, but she determinedly tells the witch doctor that although her father never got what he wanted, he had what he needed. She throws the talisman to the ground, but it's snatched up by Facilier's shadow and the illusion immediately disappears. Facilier cackles and tells her that she should have taken his deal, but using her tongue, Tia takes the talisman back and shatters it on the ground. The Shadow Man is horrified, and frets how he won't be able to pay back his debt. Totem heads come out of the stone heads, asking if he's ready, which he replies that he isn't. Voodoo dolls climb out of the ground, and in terror, he says that he has lots more plans, revealing that he has the prince locked away, to Tiana's surprise. An enormous totem head sucks in Facilier's shadow, and the hysterical witch doctor himself, to sacrifice his soul in exchange for his unpaid debts. Then the totem heads and voodoo dolls disappear, and a gravestone with the Shadow Man's face on it appears. Charlotte angrily knocks on the door of the building which Lawrence is on, demanding that he open up. Finally, she breaks in, but instead of being the handsome Prince Naveen who she expects, fat, old Lawrence is the one who greets her. Horrified, she screams, and so does he, running past her into the night. The real prince, still in the form of a frog, calls her name, and after being squashed with a book, tells her who he is. Tiana arrives, just in time to see Lawrence being hauled into the back of a police car. She then sees Charlotte and Naveen sitting on the steps, the latter explaining his and Tiana's predicament. Charlotte expects marriage, to which Naveen reluctantly agrees but puts emphasis on money being given to Tiana for her restaurant, saying that she is his Evangeline. As they are about to kiss, Tiana stops Naveen but he tells her that it is the only way to get her her dream. But she quietly replies that her dream wouldn't be complete, without him in it. Charlotte, seeing their love, agrees to kiss Naveen, without him having to marry her, but as she plants a kiss on him, the bell sounds, signalling midnight has passed. With seemingly no hope of becoming human again, the frogs smile sadly, but are content with being together, whether in frog or human form. Louis comes running, bringing Ray with him, and they stay with him through his last moments. Back at the bayou, his funeral ceremony is carried out, with the firefly lifted by his relatives, in a leaf, and sent floating on the river. As he disappears into the distance, a new star appears, right next to the Evening Star. Naveen and Tiana get married by Mama Odie, and as they kiss they both transform into humans. Surprised, they realise that by getting married, Tiana was now a princess, and by Naveen kissing her they were both changed back. They then get formally married as humans, to the delight of Eudora, and Naveen's parents. As Tiana throws the bouquet, it's caught by Charlotte At Finner Bros. Realty, Tiana pushes over tins of her hard-earned money, and the brothers are encouraged by a growl from Louis to hand over the key to the restaurant. Tia and Naveen then get to work, and begin to redecorate and clean up the property, until it is beautifully furnished and Louis is shown to be playing the trumpet with a band, on the stage. The restaurant is full, and Charlotte, 'Big Daddy' La Bouffe, Naveen's parents and Eudora are all seated. Charlotte then dances with Naveen's younger brother, who's only six and a half but Charlotte says that she's waited this long. Tiana and Naveen then dance and kiss on the roof of the restaurant.
tt0104694
Comedy,Drama,Family
Elderly Dottie Hinson (Anne Cartwright) is a former player on the nation's first women's baseball league in the 1940s. As catcher for the Rockford Peaches, she helped break gender barriers and earn nationwide respect for herself and the teams. Recently widowed, she nervously prepares to attend a reunion with her former teammates, including her younger sister Kit, also a league player, who Dottie rarely sees. She arrives in New York, and ss she stands at the gate of Doubleday Field the memories flood back. In spring of 1943, the United States is at the height of its involvement in World War II. The draft has claimed the best talent from Major League Baseball, including Joe DiMaggio, Ted Williams and Bob Feller. Walter Harvey (Garry Marshall), a candy bar mogul and MLB team owner, holds an owners' meeting to determine what they should do if the American and National Leagues deem it necessary to shut down. He enlists one of his marketing gurus, Ira Lowenstein (David Strathairn), to come up with a solution. Some time later, one of Harvey's talent scouts, the sarcastic and often rude Ernie Capadino (John Lovitz), comes to Willamette, Oregon, to a farm-based co-ed fastpitch softball league. This particular game has the home team, Lukash Dairy, down by one, with two men on and one out in the bottom of the ninth inning. A young lady, Kit Keller (Lori Petty), is on deck. Before she goes to the plate, her sister, the aforementioned Dottie Hinson (Geena Davis), points out a gap in the infield that she can hit through, to tie or possibly win the game. She also warns Kit to lay off high fastballs, a pitch Kit claims to like but Dottie knows she can't hit yet. Sure enough, Kit swings at two fastballs, then takes a changeup right down the middle to strike out, drawing sneers from the crowd. When Dottie steps up to bat, she takes a ball inside, then swings at and hits a ball right in her wheelhouse, sending it to the outfield wall. As she stops at first, the two players on base score, and they win the game. Ernie takes note of her patience at the plate, and decides Dottie would be perfect for the league due to both her talent and her "dolly" good looks. Dottie is also married, with her husband Bob fighting overseas in the Pacific. Kit clearly has a rivalry with Dottie, believing that their parents (and the rest of the town) see her as inferior to her older sister. Dottie denies it, but she also has a competitive streak that urges her to outdo Kit. As they are milking the cows at their parents' farm, Ernie Capadino finds them and offers Dottie a tryout for the upcoming league. Dottie initially declines, but Kit desperately wants a chance to prove her talent. Ernie rebuffs Kit as he had seen her poor batting at the game, but Dottie explains that Kit is a great pitcher and it wasn't her turn to pitch that game. Ernie pats her on the arm, explaining that he doesn't need her but changes his mind when he sees that Kit has strong muscle tone in the upper part of her pitching arm. Ernie strikes a deal, offering Kit a tryout if Dottie attends too. Dottie eventually gives in. The next morning the sisters get a late start and must sprint after the moving train and jump aboard, meeting up with Ernie. En route to Chicago, the trio stops in Fort Collins, Colorado, to watch another girl, Marla Hooch (Megan Cavanagh), who is coached by her father, Dave (Eddie Jones). The tryout is in a gymnasium, where she hits several hard fastballs, breaking several windows, and also shows patience at the plate. She's even a switch hitter. Her father mentions that if she were a boy, he'd be talking to the Yankees. When she's done, and Ernie finally gets a look at her, he rejects her, because she is rather homely. The rejection angers both Dottie and Kit, who refuse to leave with Capadino. Marla's father manages to convince Ernie to take her, claiming it's his fault she isn't "pretty" since her mother died when she was young, and he raised her alone as a tomboy. All four make it to Harvey Field for the tryout. Ernie leaves the girls to go try out, as he has more scouting work to do. The three come upon a group of girls, including Mae Mordabito (Madonna) and Doris Murphy (Rosie O'Donnell). Mae and Doris look down on the new girls, and make an offhand claim that Dottie, Kit and Marla will be rejected. Kit takes offense to that, prompting Doris to throw a ball hard at her head. Kit ducks, but before the ball gets to her, Dottie catches it barehanded, to Mae and Doris' astonishment. As the tryout is given, a radio program is played with a debutante deriding the idea of women's baseball, calling it the "masculinization of women". Kit tries out as a pitcher, while Dottie plays her usual position of catcher, and shows incredible talent with playcalling and catching girls stealing. Eventually girls are chosen, split into four teams of sixteen girls each. Dottie and Kit both end up on the same team, the Rockford Peaches, to play in Rockford, Illinois. Marla, Mae and Doris are also on the Peaches. Before the introductions, one girl is lingering at the board, looking helplessly at the team lists. One of the girls assigned to the Peaches, Helen Haley (Anne Ramsay), approaches the girl and gets her name, Shirley Baker (Ann Cusack). As it turns out, Shirley cannot read. Finding her name on the lists, not only has Shirley made it, she's also on the Peaches. Charlie Collins (Don S. Davis), who will manage the Racine Belles, welcomes them to the All-American Girls Baseball League. During the introduction, the girls find out that many stereotypes of women will be involved. The "uniforms" feature short skirts that will make sliding very tricky, and all the girls will have classes at charm and beauty schools, in addition to their daily lives being monitored by chaperones. Lowenstein interjects to their protests, and insists that the rules be followed. One of these beauty school classes for the Peaches is shown, especially Marla's difficulties going through it. During a grading of their style, several girls are given stern suggestions to change their look. Dottie and Kit do not need such suggestions. The recommendation for Marla: "a lot of night games". Meanwhile, Walter Harvey is back at his mansion, doing business with former MLB player Jimmy Dugan (Tom Hanks). He asks the former player if he is still an alcoholic, but he implies he is when he can afford it. Harvey complains, since Dugan's playing career ended because of an alcohol-induced incident that left him with a blown-out knee (he'd jumped out of a hotel window after setting the room on fire). Harvey offers Dugan a manager position in the new girls baseball league, to give the league a name to cheer for while the girls play. In the clubhouse for their first game, the Peaches are getting ready, and eagerly awaiting the arrival of their famous manager. One of the girls, Betty Horn (Tracy Reiner), has her husband's baseball card of Dugan, hoping to get it autographed. Dugan arrives severely hungover, walks through the clubhouse to the bathroom, and proceeds to urinate right in front of the ladies. He takes so long, Mae actually starts timing him. When he's done, he leaves the clubhouse, ripping up Betty's baseball card along the way, leaving her in tears. The other girls are worried about not having a lineup. When Dottie stands and suggests making a lineup shouldn't be so hard, Mae and Doris challenge her to make the lineup herself. Dottie immediately names Mae the leadoff hitter, playing centerfield, to Mae's satisfaction. When they come out for the game's introductions, the guys in the stands catcall them mercilessly. The Peaches determine to suck it up and prove their mettle on the field in their first game, against the South Bend Blue Sox. During the introductions, a guy jumps up on top of one of the dugouts and makes fun of the players. The shortstop, Ellen Sue Gotlander (Freddie Simpson), throws the ball at his head, knocking him silly. The game goes on, and in the bottom of the ninth inning, Dottie hits a 3-0 pitch for a three-run home run to win the game for the Peaches. After the game, Lowenstein chastizes the indifferent Jimmy for napping during the entire game. A second newsreel plays, exhibiting the new women's baseball league, and profiling several of the players for the Peaches. The end fades back to color as another game ends with Marla, Ellen Sue and Helen turning a 4-6-3 double play to lock up another win for the Peaches. After the game, another of the players, Evelyn Gardner (Bitty Schram), asks Jimmy if she can take her son, Stilwell, on the team's road trips. On the bus the spoiled-rotten Stilwell (Justin Scheller) runs up and down the aisle of their bus and distracts the bus driver, running him off the road. He stops the bus, quits, and storms off. The team chaperone, Miss Cuthbert (Pauline Brailsford), chases him, trying to convince him to stay, but to no avail. As she's away, some of the girls reveal a scheme to Dottie to sneak off to a roadhouse during their road trip. Mae plans to give Miss Cuthbert food poisoning to get away with it. Miss Cuthbert returns, and wakes up Jimmy (who was napping) to drive the bus. In a drunken haze, he blindly grabs and kisses Miss Cuthbert, but screams when he realizes who he's kissing. He orders everyone back on the bus and they drive off. Sure enough, that night, Miss Cuthbert is ill, and as a doctor makes a house call, Mae, Doris, Kit, Marla and most of the team sneak to the road house, dancing all night. Eventually Dottie makes her way to the roadhouse to warn them that Lowenstein is on his way to find them. Marla lags behind--she had gotten drunk, and ended up falling in love with a patron named Nelson (Alan Wilder). It's clear the attraction is mutual, and Nelson offers to take Marla home himself. The next morning, the girls go to church. Mae went to confession and told the preacher "everything", leaving the man of the cloth stunned -- the team hears him drop his Bible a few times. That night, Jimmy takes batting practice alone with a pitching machine, drunkenly complaining to himself about his job. The next game is against the Racine Belles. Jimmy is reading a paper instead of watching the game, so Dottie is taking it upon herself to manage the team. Mae gets a hit to left-center, and stretches it into a triple. Jimmy sees Dottie giving signals to Marla, who is next to bat. Dottie is suggesting a squeeze play. Jimmy would prefer that Marla, their best hitter, swing away at the ball, and sends Marla his own signals. After a brief war of signals, Jimmy tells Dottie to stop, that he's the manager. Dottie retorts he should start acting like one. Jimmy takes over, and with his play, Marla gets a run-scoring hit. Jimmy is impressed, but still doesn't think the girls are "real" ballplayers. In another bus ride, their superstitious left fielder, Alice Gaspers (Renee Coleman), tells everyone to cross their fingers as they pass a cemetery. Mae is shown teaching Shirley how to read, using a pornographic novel. Shirley is surprised when she realizes what she is reading. Evelyn is writing a song about the league. Doris tells Betty about her on-and-off boyfriend, Charlie, who puts her down because she plays baseball. But now that she sees how many girls can play, she no longer sees a problem with it. After that, she tears up and throw away the photograph of Charlie she was carrying. In the next game, against South Bend, the Blue Sox finish the top of the sixth inning having tied the game. Jimmy cuts down Evelyn for throwing home instead of hitting a cut-off man on what should have been a single, allowing a runner on second and eventually letting two runs score. His yelling leaves her crying, and he ends up yelling at her a second time, telling her how "there's no crying in baseball". He relates a story about how he was once verbally abused by famous manager Rogers Hornsby, and didn't cry himself. The umpire comes over and suggests he treat his players more gently. Jimmy insults the umpire, getting himself ejected from the game, as the team applauds. The next game is at Racine, and barely anyone shows up. Lowenstein arrives and tells the Peaches that Life Magazine is there to do an article about the league, and Dottie is going to be their profile feature. He also reveals that the owners have threatened to shut the league down due to dismal attendance. The girls do not want to go back to their old lives. Dottie decides to do something: on a routine foul pop-up, she does a split to make the catch, impressing the crowd and getting the photographers for Life a cover picture for the issue. A montage of scenes through the middle of the season then plays out, with various plays and several fan promotions. The players quickly amp up their game, making flashy plays, increasing the excitement. Gradually the games bring in more and more fans. During the montage, it is shown that Marla has married Nelson, and leaves the team for the rest of the year. During another bus ride, Dottie and Jimmy talk about their personal lives, particularly her husband Bob, who is fighting in Europe but has been out of contact for a while. A key game is played, and Kit is getting tired on the mound in the final inning. During the game, Walter Harvey has a meeting with Ira Lowenstein, revealing he intends to close the league at the end of the season. Ira challenges Walter to give him the reigns of the league and let him continue the league himself. Before facing the final batter, Jimmy and Dottie visit the mound, and Dottie decides that Kit is finished. Jimmy sends an angry Kit to the dugout and calls Ellen Sue in to finish the game. After the game, Doris jokes to Kit that she's getting "too big" to finish her own games. This gets Kit mad, and she throws her glove at Doris, then tackles her. Jimmy has to break them up, and tosses Kit in the showers. Afterward in the clubhouse, Kit yells at Dottie, feeling like she's being held back. Kit feels like she's at home, like she's always second-best behind Dottie. That night, Lowenstein finds Dottie lingering in the clubhouse. Dottie says she is finished with baseball, not wanting to deal with Kit's jealousy. Lowenstein offers Dottie a trade instead. That night, an irate Kit reveals she's been traded to the Racine Belles. Dottie wanted herself to be traded, but Kit figured Lowenstein would never do that, because Dottie was the star of the Peaches. The argument continues in Kit's room. Dottie remarks that the only reason she joined was to get Kit in the league in the first place. Kit asks why she's still there, then. Dottie leaves, allowing Kit to pack. A few days later, the team is getting ready for another game, singing the song Evelyn wrote. Jimmy enters the clubhouse, revealing that he gets a bonus if they win the game and make it to the World Series. After some ribbing from Doris, a Western Union delivery man arrives with a telegram from the War Department, silencing the clubhouse. He reads the telegram stating that one of the team members' husbands has been killed in action. However, he turns to leave because the telegram isn't on his delivery list. Jimmy has to rip the telegram from the delivery boy's hands, not wanting the spectre of not knowing who lost their husband to distract them from the game. He reads the telegram, and gives it to Betty, who has to be helped out in tears. Dottie is somewhat shaken by the scene and that night, cries in her room alone because she does not know the fate of Bob. Suddenly, a knock on the door, and it opens to reveal her husband (Bill Pullman), walking with a cane. He was shot by a sniper, which was why he was out of contact. They have a tearful reunion. The next morning, as the rest of the team prepares to head to Racine to begin the World Series, Dottie decides to retire. Before she leaves with Bob, Jimmy warns her that she would regret the decision to leave so hastily, countering Dottie's argument that playing had become "too hard" for her. Jimmy says that few people have ever reached Dottie's level of skill and dedication and that the game being hard is what makes it great. The Belles and the Peaches split the first six games, leading up to a Game 7 in Racine. Jimmy, concerned about his team's chances and getting constantly heckled by Stilwell, leads a rare (and somewhat irreverent) locker room prayer vigil with the team. During warmups, Jimmy tells the replacement catcher to let him know of the first sign of tiring by Ellen Sue, who has taken over full-time as pitcher. The catcher reveals herself to be Dottie. Half-way to Oregon, she realized she had to finish the season out, and returned just in time for the decisive game. Bob was in the stands for the game, cheering her on. Although Alice had been playing in her place at catcher, he allows Dottie into the game to play. Her attitude gives Jimmy a renewed confidence that they just might win the game, and the series. The game plays out scoreless until the bottom of the eighth, when Evelyn again fails to throw a cut-off on a grounder to the outfield, allowing the Belles to score a run. Although they are now behind, 1-0, Jimmy manages to keep his cool to Evelyn, pointing out strainingly that she needs to work on her fielding before next season. The Peaches attempt to mount a comeback in the top of the ninth, leaving it up to Kit to pitch the Belles to victory. Mae starts it off with an infield single. Doris follows that with a flyball single to center, moving Mae to second. Evelyn hits a sacrifice bunt to advance Mae and Doris, getting out one. Helen gets squeezed, and grounds out to first base for out two. Dottie comes to the plate, and hits a line drive right at Kit's head, forcing her to duck. Mae and Doris score, giving the Peaches a 2-1 lead. After getting Ellen Sue to fly out to end the inning, Kit returns to the dugout crying, but she has to compose herself, because she will need to hit if the Belles want to win now. In the bottom of the ninth, one of the Belles' players gets a hit, giving Kit a shot to win the game for the Belles. Dottie reminds Ellen Sue to feed Kit high fastballs. Sure enough, Kit swings at the first two. But she gets a lucky shot on the third one, connecting and driving it into the rightfield gap. The Belles runner makes it home to tie thegame, but Kit decides to win the game herself, trying for an inside-the-park home run. Evelyn hits the cut-off this time, and Dottie gets the ball in time. Kit runs into Dottie, knocking the ball loose and touching home plate, winning the game for the Belles, 3-2. At the end of the game, Harvey comes up to Lowenstein, and agrees to keep the league running. After the game, Kit is signing some autographs, reveling in her growing fame. She encounters Dottie, and apologizes for running into her. Dottie assures her it's just part of the game. Dottie is about to return to Oregon with Bob, but Kit wants to stay in Racine and get an offseason job while waiting to play next year. Dottie confirms that she is indeed retiring. Kit insists Dottie will miss being in the league, and laments that Dottie is leaving right when she wants her to stay. When everyone prepares to leave, Jimmy finds his way to Dottie, who finally introduces him to Bob. Jimmy reveals that Harvey offered him a job managing a Triple A minor-league team in Wichita. He turned it down, deciding to remain the manager of the Peaches. Before Kit gets on her bus to leave for home, she and Dottie have one more playful shouting match, with Dottie insisting that Kit lay off the high fastballs. The scene fades back to the present day, with Dottie again at Doubleday Field. Doris (Vera Johnson) and Mae (Eunice Anderson) are the first to recognize her, and confirm it by throwing a baseball at her, which she again catches with her bare hands, even though she's now in her seventies. She reunites warmly with her teammates. Among them, Helen (Barbara Pilavin) became a doctor, and Ellen Sue (Eugenia McLin) married a plastic surgeon. Among others, she also met with Shirley (Barbara Erwin), Betty (Betty Miller) and Alice (Shirley Burkovich). Marla (Patricia Wilson) reveals herself; Nelson had recently handed his business to their son. It's here that Dottie reveals that Bob had died the previous winter. During their reunion, another former player (real-life women's baseball player Dolores "Pickles" Lee-Dries) points Dottie out to a reporter, saying that though "she only played one year", she was still the best player the league had ever seen. Afterward, a ceremony is held in the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum. Prior to the ceremony for their exhibit, Dottie meets with Stilwell (Mark Holton), who notes that his mother, Evelyn, died two years before. She also finds a placard for Jimmy Dugan (who had also passed). The Women in Baseball exhibit is opened by Ira Lowenstein (Marvin Einhorn) himself, since he was the one that kept the league going as long as it did. During the opening, Dottie looks through the exhibit, and eventually finding herself before a picture of herself and Kit. It is here that she is found by Kit (Kathleen Butler), who enters with her husband, children and grandchildren. Kit quickly finds and reunites happily with Dottie. During the credits, an "Old Timers' Game" is played at Doubleday Field. The last scene is one of the women arguing a questionable strike call with the home plate umpire.
tt1028532
Drama,Family
This heartwarming true story is an American adaptation of a Japanese tale about a loyal dog named Hachiko. This very special friend would accompany his master to the train station every day and return each afternoon to greet him after work. Sadly his master goes to work one day, but dies at work and never returns to the station. Hachiko faithfully returns to the same spot at the station that evening, and every day until the last day of his life, to wait for his beloved master. During his daily visits, Hachiko touches the lives of many who work near and commute through the train station square. He teaches the local people love, compassion and above all, unyielding loyalty. Today, a bronze statue of Hachiko sits in his waiting spot outside the Shibuya station in Japan as a permanent reminder of his devotion and love. (NOTE: There is also a bronze statue of Hachiko now at the location in Rhode Island where this movie was filmed. It can be viewed on Google Street Maps by visiting 1 High St., Woonsocket, RI 02895)
tt0990376
Family,Horror,Mystery
"Sarah Landon and the Paranormal Hour" is a ghost-story mystery opening nationwide in theaters October 19, just in time for Halloween fun and spookiness. A perfect thriller for the tween and teen market, the film reveals many mysteries, including what the "Paranormal Hour" is and what happens between midnight and 1 am. The heroine, 17-year-old Sarah Landon, is in over her head. Staying far away from home with her late friends grandmother, she realizes shes sleeping in a haunted guest house and that shes just uncovered a small town's dark secret. Complicating things are a local psychic, an evil spirit and two brothers who may hold the key to an ever-growing mystery. "Sarah Landon and the Paranormal Hour" is a big-screen ghost story perfect for the whole family. Introducing Rissa Walters as the curious and adorable Sarah Landon, this PG-rated supernatural mystery is sure to thrill fans of all ages. View the trailer and get more information at www.sarahlandon.com.
tt0120647
Action,Drama,Romance
Deep Impact opens to a starry night sky in Richmond, Virginia. The camera slowly pans down where stargazers and amateur astronomers are gathered with telescopes. Among these are students and faculty of the Lee High School Astronomy Club. Two students at this club are Leo Beiderman (Elijah Wood) and his girlfriend, Sarah Hotchner (Leelee Sobieski). As they look through their telescopes at the stars, Leo innocently asks Sarah about another male student who invited her to a student party. Leo and Sarah's teacher, Mr. Perry (Mike O'Malley) comes up and quizzes them about some of the brighter stars. Leo correctly identifies the stars Mizar and Alcor, but cannot name a somewhat smaller, dimmer star a bit south of the other two, although he is sure that it is not the star Megrez, as Sarah claims. Mr. Perry, thinking it might be a satellite, suggests they take a photograph and send it to Dr. Wolf, a professional astronomer who sponsors the Lee High School Astronomy club. As Perry walks away, Leo and Sarah get into a brief, teasing argument about whether the unidentified star is Megrez. Dr. Marcus Wolf (Charles Martin Smith, uncredited) arrives for work at the Adrian Peak observatory in Tuscon, Arizona. Seating himself at his work station, he finds the packet sent him by Leo, containing a photograph of the unknown star near Mizar and Alcor, and a cover letter asking him to identify it. Punching the stellar coordinates into his computer, he sees it is an uncharted object. His observatory's telescopes zooming in on it, he sees it is in fact a comet. Curious about it, he directs his computer to analyze the comet's position and calculate its trajectory. As the numbers begin to scroll through the screen, Dr. Wolf's curious expression fades into a look of severe worry and concern. An orbital interpolation graphic on his monitor overlays the comet's projected path on a small display of the solar system-- and a large dot quickly appears on the third elliptical line around the sun's icon; the comet is projected to strike Earth. Seizing a floppy disk, Wolf saves all the data to it while instructing his computer to open a UNIX mail server to send the information out in email. After over a minute, however, he only gets two responses that the server is down. Exasperated and in a desperate hurry, Dr. Wolf grabs the floppy and stuffs it, along with the packet received from Leo, into a padded manila envelops. He writes his own surname and Leo's surname (Wolf-Beiderman) on the floppy drive and rushes out of the observatory to his jeep. As he races down the road, he struggles desperately to place a call on his cell phone to the Department of Planetary Sciences. Cell phone technology of the year (1998) being crude and limited, it takes him several long, harrowing minutes just to reach the automated answering system. Meanwhile, an 18-wheel big-rig truck is coming down the road. The driver, smoking a cigarette and listening to country music, is badly sleep-deprived; drinking a high-sugar soft drink to keep himself awake. As Dr. Wolf, pre-occupied with trying to finish placing his call and reaching a live person, focuses more on his phone than on the road, the driver's cigarette slips from his mouth, hitting his lap. The pain causes him to involuntarily look down while he bats at his lap and the ash from his cigarette. Both Dr. Wolf and the truck driver finally look up, alerted to the shine of each others' headlights, and see they're about to collide. Both desperately try to swerve, but the truck's trailer lags behind in the swerve and Dr. Wolf's jeep slams into it, and he's knocked off of the road and down an incline. The envelope flies off of the seat beside Dr. Wolf and out the window of his jeep as it tumbles down the incline and explodes, killing him instantly. Washington, D.C., one year later. MSNBC computers are transmitting a news report. In a conference room, a small team of news reporters led by Stuart Caley (Bruce Weitz) are discussing the resignation of U.S. Secretary of the Treasury, Alan Rittenhouse (James Cromwell). Rittenhouse is reportedly resigning because his wife is sick, although Caley's team doesn't buy it, going over a number of unpopular decisions recently made by Rittenhouse which has earned him more than enough enemies to force him out of his seat. The team jokes that with all the trouble Rittenhouse has recently gotten into, it's small wonder his wife is sick. Reporter Jenny Lerner (Ta Leoni) demurs, saying Mrs. Rittenhouse is an alcoholic. She claims to have found out from a connection in the U.S. Treasury named Mike Woodward. As the news team starts discussing an idea on the price paid by wives of governmental figures, Jenny is asked about her connection to Woodward by Beth Stanley (Laura Innes), the news team's White House correspondent and Jenny's direct supervisor on the ladder. Jenny explains that Woodward has a crush on her, and she took advantage of it to get information on Alan Rittenhouse. At that point, Jenny quickly asks Beth about the possibility of stepping into a recently-vacated anchor position in their late-night weekend news broadcast, but Beth quickly rules Jenny out as a replacement anchor. As the conference adjourns, Jenny tries to press Beth on it, and Beth (a bit impatiently) explains why she feels Jenny needs more time to build herself up before being a weekend news anchor. She asks Jenny to find out more on the Rittenhouse resignation and have any updates on her desk by the next day. Jenny meets her mother, Robin Lerner (Vanessa Redgrave) for drinks and lunch. Robin is preoccupied with the courtship of her now ex-husband, Jason (Maximilian Schell) to a younger woman named Chloe (Rya Kihlstedt)-- in fact, the age difference is such that Chloe is only two years older than Jenny, despite now legally being her stepmother. Jason and Chloe have very young twin children together and have just married that morning, and Robin prattles on about it. Carrying on with her assignment, Jenny meets with Patricia Ruiz (Concetta Tomei), longtime former assistant and secretary for Rittenhouse. Ruiz is somewhat bitter because she was completely dismissed from her position without being conveyed to Rittenhouse's successor, because she followed him from his former position as Connecticut governor, not hired from within the federal pool. Ruiz confirms that Rittenhouse cheated on his wife, and she suspects he resigned because he was about to be found out. Ruiz, therefore, partially blames Rittenhouse for her now being out of a job. She says that Rittenhouse had had a special, secondary private telephone line installed in his office that only he was authorized to answer. But, Ruiz says, one day she overheard a name; a woman's first name she suspects as being one of Rittenhouse's lovers: "Ellie". Ruiz also mentions she overheard Rittenhouse speaking about this Ellie in a conversation with the U.S. President himself. Jenny arrives with an MSNBC news van to speak directly to Rittenhouse. They find him on a small boat with his young adolescent daughter, who is cold and suspicious of the news crew. Rittenhouse curtly tries to stick to his story about his wife being ill, until Jenny drops the name "Ellie". Rittenhouse says he will only speak to Jenny if her cameraman turns his camera off. Once this is done, Jenny reveals what she's found out; more than enough to disprove the claimed reason behind Rittenhouse's resignation. Rittenhouse insists she knows far less than she thinks she does, and tries to appeal to Jenny's humanity, asking if she can understand that he wants to be with his family more. Driving down the Whitehurst Freeway by herself now, Jenny speaks into her private voice recorder, making a personal log in which she hypothesizes that the President, not Rittenhouse, was having a love affair with this Ellie, and Rittenhouse took the rap for him to protect the President's own reputation and credibility, and was given significant financial compensation. Suddenly a black car hits hers from behind, not hard enough to overturn her car but hard enough to jostle her and make her take immediate notice. Three other cars appear in formation, moving to surround Jenny's car. The car behind her bumps hers a second time. Scared out of her wits, Jenny realizes these men are intent on forcing her to take the nearest exit off the highway and shouts to the car on her left that she will comply. The exit's re-merge into another highway is barricaded with a setup of road pylons. Jenny brings her car to a stop and the car in front of hers moves to block her from any further motion. The men in one of the cars pull open Jenny's driver-side door and identify themselves as FBI, ordering her out of her vehicle and into their own. One of them gets into Jenny's car to drive it where they are taking her. The FBI agents bring Jenny into a kitchen (presumed to be the White House kitchen) where she is introduced to Morton Entrekin (O'Neal Compton), chief advisor to President Tom Beck (Morgan Freeman). When Jenny rebuffs Entrekin's mentioning that people knew about the Manhattan project (creation of the atom bomb) and kept it a secret, President Beck comes into the kitchen to speak personally to Jenny. Both Beck and Entrekin are clearly unenthused about Jenny's attitude, hinting that national security is at stake. When she drops Ellie's name, Beck asks her about it, although he pronounces it, "E.L.E." Beck confirms that his administration has spent more money than can be hidden, and the federal budget is slated to be published in two weeks. They ask her to sit the story until then, appealing to her sense of what is in the nation's best interest. Jenny knocks both points out of the water quickly, at which point Beck and Entrekin decide to strike a deal with her: Beck agrees to hold a press conference in two days, and offers Jenny a reserved second-row seat there, which he knows will be a major bump up from her current job. When she tries to press for more, Beck warns her sternly that she is already receiving a presidential favor -- something people like her can rarely even dream of -- and he can direct the Secret Service to imprison her indefinitely as a threat to national security. Jenny backs down quickly, politely asking for the first press question at the conference. Beck answers dismissively before ordering she be released. Back at her desk in the MSNBC news offices, Jenny goes on the internet to research. Understanding now that 'Ellie' is an acronym, ELE, she enters that into a search engine. Dissatisfied with the results, she thinks and then enters "E.L.E.". Puzzled at the result display of the University of Berkeley's paleontology department, she looks through the university's list of studies and notices a link to Extinction Studies. Reading through it, Jenny learns the grim truth: "ELE" stands for "Extinction Level Event"; the kind resulting from severe global-level catastrophe, such as the extinction of the dinosaurs... presumed to be the result of a massive comet or meteor strike on the Earth. Jenny is barely able to hide her monitor display when Beth stops by to invite her to dinner. Jenny politely declines as she is scheduled to meet her father and Chloe for drinks later. The meeting with Jason and Chloe goes badly. Chloe gives Jenny a pair of pearl earrings as a present, looking to break the ice with her and try to establish a cordial relationship. However, Jenny is every bit as bitter as Robin about Jason's leaving Robin for a younger, more beautiful woman... and Jenny proves to be more vocal about it as well. ELE weighs very heavily on Jenny's mind as well, though she doesn't bring it up, further baffling Jason and Chloe at Jenny's coldness. The day of the press conference arrives. Beth is attending, as MSNBC's White House correspondent, and is surprised to find Jenny there-- even more so when Entrekin (with whom Beth is acquainted) comes to escort Jenny to her reserved seat. Entrekin tells Jenny she will get the first question, while Beth looks on astonished and hurt. President Beck takes the podium to make the announcement of the comet. The comet was discovered one year ago by two astronomers, Marcus Wolf and Leo Beiderman. This comet is nearly as large as all of Manhattan Island-- large enough to endanger all of human existence. Beck downplays the comet somewhat, saying there is a "chance" of impact one year from then. He then reveals the whole Treasury fiasco was due to a secret joint project that the U.S. government had been undertaking with Russia for the past eight months. In orbit above the earth, a massive spacecraft is near completion, named the Messiah. This spacecraft is tasked with intercepting the comet and using nuclear warheads to try and shunt its orbit to avoid direct contact with Earth. Beck calls up a video conference to introduce the crew of the Messiah-- mission Commander Oren Monash (Ron Eldard), spacecraft pilot Andrea Baker (Mary McCormack), medical officer Gus Partenza (Jon Favreau), navigator Mark Simon (Blair Underwood), Russian nuclear physicist Col. Mikhail Tulchinsky (Aleksandr Baluev) who is serving as Messiah's engineer, and a NASA veteran, Captain Spurgeon 'Fish' Tanner (Robert Duvall), who will land the spacecraft on the comet's surface so the warheads can be planted. Beck gives the nation a stern warning that he is freezing all wages and prices, and will fiercely combat all attempts at material hoarding and profiteering. Work and paying of bills will continue as normal with as few disruptions to the world's way of life as possible. Opening up the floor for questions, Beck calls on Jenny for the first question as he agreed to do. Jenny's MSNBC crew, in a frenzy over preparing their coverage of the conference, are stunned to see her at the conference. Jenny presses her privilege, asking three questions before finally sitting. Her third question shows everyone that she was on to the whole story before anyone else: she directly questions Beck on Rittenhouse's resignation, asking whether the true reasons for his stepping down was because he believed that the comet could not be stopped, and he wanted to spend time with his family because he believes they didn't have much time left to live. Beck defensively answers that Rittenhouse served the country with devotion and resigned for personal reasons after a distinguished career. As far as Rittenhouse's concerns regarding the comet, Beck points out that over the next year, everyone on Earth will eventually have to come face to face with their worst fears. As much as he'd been downplaying it in the conference, Beck finally acknowledges that all of human survival is at stake. But, he insists, life will go on, and he is determined that humanity prevail even over this potential catastrophe. When questioned by another reporter about the comet being named Wolf-Beiderman, Beck begins to explain that the two astronomers were killed in Arizona a year ago while racing to alert the government about the comet. As Beck explains this story, the Beiderman family is at home watching the conference, shocked at what they are hearing-- Leo is very much alive and well, at home watching with his family. The door rings and Leo finds Sarah there with her parents, and the whole neighborhood is beginning to converge on the Beiderman home, seeing that Leo is still quite with them all. Newsweek publishes a story about Leo and the events regarding his supposed death. Leo speaks to his school and the students' families regarding his notifying Dr. Wolf about the comet, and he realizes that he was most likely presumed to have perished along with Wolf because Wolf shared credit with Leo about the comet's discovery. Leo quickly gains near celebrity status over having first discovered the comet. The Messiah crew and their families are attending a small garden party which gives us a look into their day to day lives. Baker and Commander Monash are both married; Baker and her husband have a young daughter while Monash's wife is pregnant with their first child. Simon is engaged and looking forward to his wedding, but less than enthused about his fiance's affinity for attending church. Capt. Tanner is widowed with twin sons grown to young adulthood and attending Naval Academy where Tanner himself graduated from. Tanner is also friends with Otis 'Mitch' Hefter (Kurtwood Smith), a senior NASA official who will serve as mission control director at a facility in Houston. Tanner and Hefter talk about the rest of the Messiah crew, about whom Tanner has concerns regarding their training being done in simulators, and they have little actual space flight experience. Partenza talks with a young boy and explains the hazards of the mission: the comet's rotational period means the Messiah crew only has a seven hour window before the sun will 'rise' on the section they will be working on, and during the time that the sun is shining on that segment, there will be dangerous and volatile gas eruptions from the comet's interior. The Messiah crew needs to work quickly to avoid this hazard. Later that evening, the crew members are relaxing and drinking at a bar, though Tanner sits separately from the others. He overhears them talking about him. The other crew members respect Tanner's reputation, but they downplay Tanner's having been the last astronaut to walk on the moon, and believe that he is only on the mission more as a public relations move by Washington, because he is a familiar face. Tanner finally goes over to their table and says he knows that the other crew members don't want him with them, but he insists they will need his experience-- all of their simulator training will be like a video game compared to the actual mission. He is the only one with actual experience landing a spacecraft on an actual landing surface. Two months later, the Messiah crew is ferried by the space shuttle Atlantis to dock with the orbital station on which the Messiah was constructed. A news crew explains the Messiah's construction, and that it is powered by a prototype nuclear propulsion system code-named Orion, that was originally developed by Russian engineers for nuclear warfare. This propulsion system will allow the Messiah's crew to reach the comet well in advance of its arriving close to Earth. Five months after the Messiah's departure, Caley's MSNBC news crew is meeting for another conference, discussing their ongoing coverage of the Messiah's mission. Everyone is asked about their role and latest contributions. Caley announces (to Beth's shock) that Jenny has been given a news anchor position for the coverage program. Being known as the one who broke the story on the comet, Jenny has likewise gained a great deal of national status, raising a large envious streak in Beth. The Messiah crew begins its approach to the comet, and they are in awe of its true size. They are making preparations to detach the main spacecraft from its propulsion system and fly down to the comet's surface to plant their nuclear warheads. Monash, Simon, Partenza, and Tulchinsky suit up for the planting of the warheads while Baker and Tanner are at the helm for the landing. Tanner gives an analogy of Mississippi River boat pilots, to explain that this part of the mission is in his hands and he will deliver the Messiah safely to the comet's surface. Baker smiles respectfully as she listens to Tanner's analogy. Jenny begins her news program's coverage of the event. She tells everyone watching that interference from rock, gravel and gas from the comet will eventually cause them to lose video transmission with the Messiah. As she speaks, the picture is lost and Jenny assures everyone that the station coverage will continue and they will stay on air during the next hour in which the mission is being undertaken. The Beiderman and Hotchner families are shown watching the program together; Sarah's mother, Vicky Hotchner (Denise Crosby) is pregnant with her second child, and Leo and Sarah are growing closer. As Baker and Tanner maneuver the Messiah for landing, they must fly through a veritable minefield of rocks caught in the comet's tail. Some of them are very large. Despite their best efforts, a few rocks hit the ship and some minor damage is sustained. They nonetheless manage to bring the Messiah safely down, fire tether pitons and land intact on the comet's surface. As they open the cargo bay doors so the surface crew can begin drilling into the comet to plant the warheads, Baker and Tanner start a computerized countdown. They have just under six and a half hours before 'sunrise' on their part of the comet. Jenny begins an explanation of the next procedure of the Messiah mission: mechanical moles will be used to drill 100 meters into the comet, each one carrying a 5000 kiloton nuclear warhead. The Messiah is carrying eight of them in total. Almost immediately the mission begins going awry. The moles prove to be unable to drill as deeply into the comet's surface, as quickly as is required. They are at just over an hour and a half before sunrise. Baker and Tanner, waiting anxiously in the spacecraft, know it is taking too long. In the MSNBC news office, Jenny is interviewing a NASA scientist, who explains that soon as the sun rises on the portion of the comet that the Messiah is on, the surface temperature will rise 350 degrees in minutes, creating enough pressure to expel jets of superheated gas up through the surface. This will make the mission akin to working in a minefield. On the comet surface, one of the moles gets stuck at 75 meters. The crew knows this is not deep enough; the warhead will just break pieces off the comet's surface. Commander Monash decides to descend into the shaft dug by the stuck mole to try and free it up, despite warnings from the other crew about the time pressure. Baker tells Tanner that in another six minutes, they won't be able to get back to the spacecraft for liftoff before sunrise. Tanner orders the tethers be detached; he's taking the craft up to bring them closer to the mole crew for extraction, over Baker's desperate protests that such a maneuver may exhaust too much of the spacecraft landing module's fuel supply to get safely off the comet's surface. Tanner tells Baker to calculate exactly how much fuel will be needed to get off the surface; they will stop thrusters when they hit it. The mole crew is racing against time; one mole is at the proper depth but Oren is still struggling to reach the stuck one. The shaft went into a natural cave-like fissure in the comet's interior and the mole got stuck against the side. The mole crew works feverishly but unsuccessfully to free the mole. The landing module reaches the limit on spare fuel and Baker has to speak sharply before Tanner finally complies with her insistence to shut down the module's thrusters and land again. The stuck mole finally begins drilling again and Commander Monash desperately climbs his tether cable so the crew can get back to the Messiah. The horizon is a mere minute away from sunrise and counting. Outgasses are beginning to explode up through the comet surface. The horizon is bridged. Tulchinsky shouts urgently for the surface crew to lower their visors' solar shields. The crew is out of time and has to race back to the Messiah before they are caught in outgassing vents. Just as Monash clears the surface, a gas jet shoots him upward before he can lower his visor's shield. The full brilliance of the sun shines through his visor into his unprotected eyes. The rest of the crew reels him in by the tether cable and races desperately toward the Messiah landing module. Mere feet from safety, an outgas jet erupts full force directly under Partenza, shooting him up off the comet's surface. Despite frantic attempts by both the mole crew, and Baker and Tanner, Partenza is blown out into open space and lost. The rest of the crew barely manages to reach the landing module; Tanner has to order Baker to lift off with the cargo doors open and close them as they go. Damage to the Messiah limits full video feed transmission back to Earth. Tanner relays the grim news that Partenza is lost and Monash is injured (his wife, Mariette, is seen crying as she hears the news). Tulchinsky vehemently argues to go after Partenza. Tanner barely succeeds in persuading him that Partenza is lost, and all of them will die and the Messiah destroyed if they try to locate and retrieve him. A rescue mission would also doom the entire population of Earth. Continuing news coverage at the MSNBC studio, Jenny gives a summary of Partenza's career in NASA in tribute to his sacrifice for the mission. Relaying updates as she gets them, she informs the people that Captain Tanner is now in command of the Messiah. It has docked with the Orion booster propulsion unit and is preparing to detonate the nuclear warheads. She cautions everyone that the blast effect will again nullify whatever video transmission the Messiah is able to send back to Earth. Col. Tulchinsky coordinates the arming of the nuclear warheads. Tanner prepares to activate Orion boosters soon as the countdown is complete. However, the Messiah is still caught in the nuclear shockwave and further damaged. All video and audio transmission is knocked out. President Back is seen in a White House office with Entrenkin, the cabinet, and a number of leading military Chiefs of Staff. A phone rings, and the member answering it looks at Beck grimly. President Beck goes on the air to deliver the news to the country. The warhead detonation only succeeded in breaking off a significantly large chunk of the comet-- 1.5 miles wide-- large enough to cause catastrophic damage to the planet in its own right. Both this chunk and larger, six-mile main piece of the comet are still heading straight toward Earth. Houston Mission Control cannot communicate further with the Messiah although they are able to continue tracking it via radar. Its condition and the status of the crew are unknown. Beck announces contingency plans that were in place from the moment of the comet's discovery. The United States and Russia will prepare their entire joint arsenals of Titan-Class nuclear missiles to launch into space as soon as the two comet chunks, now separately named Wolf (the larger, main body of the comet) and Beiderman (the smaller chunk broken loose by the warheads) are close enough for military computers to target them, in hopes that the comet pieces can still be shunted off their current course. The U.S. has also been excavating shelter caverns in the limestone cliffs of Missouri to use as a form of Noah's Ark. This shelter will be able to contain one million people, and enough animal and plant life to repopulate the Earth after all the dust settles. The shelter will contain all living essentials, food, water, and collections of human music, art, literature, and other physical creations of its culture, to rebuild the planet. 200,000 people have been pre-selected-- leaders, doctors, scientists, engineers, teachers, soldiers and artists-- for participation in the Ark. In one month, a national lottery of 800,000 additional people will be chosen. During these final preparations, Beck is declaring martial law. The US military will work in tandem with all state and city law enforcement. Extremely strict midnight curfews are going into effect, and minimal road travel will be permitted in the evening hours after local sunsets. Crimes against people and property will be dealt with far more harshly than is the usual national norm. Other countries are preparing similar shelters in whatever manner they can. News networks all around the country are being faxed detailed instructions on how the lottery procedure will work. Showing his human side now, Beck closes his segment with a prayer for human survival. Jenny's MSNBC news program goes back on the air to explain the lottery procedure. The lottery drawing will be on August 10th, picking 800,000 people by their social security numbers. The general lottery will exclude all men and women over the age of 50. Only the body of 200,000 pre-selected individuals, including people needed for the rebuilding of society due to expertise in particular fields of study, will have any persons over 50 years old. As Jenny speaks, her parents are shown watching the news broadcast; they know this means they will both be excluded from the lottery drawing. Jenny's report continues to explain that civil defense teams are in place in all towns and cities with populations over 5,000, to organize and prepare underground shelters and instruct people on how to grow food and purify water and properly stock these shelters in whatever manner can be done. For the Noah's Ark shelter in Missouri, the 200,000 pre-selected individuals will be notified as her report is going on. After the lottery on August tenth, all unofficial travel will be blocked, all roads closed until the evacuation of all one million people by military personnel to the Ark site two days later. As Jenny continues her report, the Beiderman and Hotchner families are watching together at the Beiderman home in Richmond. Their phone rings. Ellen Beiderman, Leo's mother, takes the call. The Beiderman family has been pre-selected. Sarah's father, Chuck, abruptly gets up, saying he needs to go back to the house in case his phone rings. However, it is clear that an instant rift has formed between the Hotchner and Beiderman families. On board the Messiah, the crew is discussing their state. Repairs to the long-range communications will be hazardous due to hull damage in the areas of the spacecraft where they are located. There is limited life-support function left. The Messiah will need to get close to Earth again to re-establish contact. The Orion propulsion module is still intact, but using it in order to get back to Earth sufficiently in advance of the comets will be risky because of damage to the spacecraft command module's radiation shields. As the crew ponders, Commander Monash, in sickbay with his eyes bandaged, says he feels they should try it. Tanner orders the Orion boosters engaged and the Messiah begins to race home. Jenny is taking a walk through a park in Washington with her mother. It is just over one month before impact. Robin has reconciled herself to her impending fate. She's donated all of her antiques to the Ark, and takes comfort in her contribution to the preservation of human arts. Jenny, however, is feeling guilty. She's been pre-selected because of her national status as a now well-respected news anchor, but she can do nothing for Robin. However, Robin says she's at peace with herself and is happy knowing that Jenny will live. Leo goes to the Hotchner house, where Chuck is chaining up a motorbike he'd bought and is now quizzical over, knowing he will have no use for it. Vicky is on the porch watching a portable TV, where Jenny is delivering news coverage. As impact looms ever closer, society is teetering ever more precariously on the brink of total anarchy. A rental operator attempted to over-gouge prices on vital tools at absurdly outlandish rates, and was killed by an angry mob. Property and stores are being looted at increasing rates by both individuals and organized gangs. Many shop and store owners have completely abandoned these stores to the looters. Law enforcement attempts to curb and rein in this free-for-all looting and hoarding, are unable to keep up with the increasing volume. As Leo helps Chuck bar up and board up his home, he starts to ask Vicky about Sarah. Anticipating Leo's question, Vicky says that Sarah is up on a nearby hill by herself. Chuck has excused her from attending school any further. Leo goes to Sarah with good news. He's talked to local civil defense liaisons, who have said that if Sarah marries Leo, she will be eligible for participation in the Ark evacuation. Sarah takes this news tentatively, saying she only wants to go if her parents can be included. Leo says his influence and fame come into play at this point; he's talked to appropriate liaisons, who have ensured that the whole Hotchner family will be included in the Ark population. As days continue to pass, Jenny continues to report on how law enforcement and fire fighters have abandoned all attempts to rein in looting of businesses in order to finish preparing and stocking both the Ark and all local shelter units. Robin is seen applying makeup and donning a formal dress and jewelry, making herself stately and beautiful. Leo and Sarah are married by a civil justice as their parents look on. Vicky has delivered her baby; Sarah now has a baby sister. President Beck is seen at his desk in the Oval Office, deep in contemplation. Robin sits down in a comfortable armchair and lets her head tilt back, as if letting herself drift off to sleep. The Messiah crew is asleep in their bunks, except for Commander Monash, who is still laying in the infirmary. He is stable, but permanently blind from his injury. Captain Tanner goes there to keep him company and talk. He explains his nickname of Fish-- his given name, Spurgeon, rhymes with sturgeon, and was coined on his very first day at Naval Academy. As he and Monash bond, Tanner begins to read the novel Moby Dick to him, much to Monash's amusement. August 12th arrives. All individuals and families selected both by pre-selection and the lottery are on street corners to be picked up by military buses to be transported to the Ark. The Beiderman and Hotchner families wait side by side with minimal belongings packed. As Leo shows his identification and marriage license to the bus official, everyone prepares to board. But to Leo's horror, the FCDA officials he talked to, have left Chuck and Vicky Hotchner and the baby off the boarding list. The bus official's orders from his superiors are not to admit anyone on the bus who isn't on the boarding list. He cannot let Chuck or Vicky on. Sarah, breaking into tears, refuses to leave her parents despite her father's attempts to push her on with Leo. The bus crew has no time to sit and argue, they force Leo, his parents and young sister on board the bus and take off. Even though she refused to leave without her parents, Sarah cannot help but run a short distance after it, crying to Leo. Jenny is in the MSNBC offices when a phone call arrives for her. As soon as she is asked if she is the daughter of Robin Lerner, she, and everyone who overheard her repeat the question asked of her, all turn grim. Robin has died, and Jenny is being asked to positively identify the body and collect the jewelry Robin was wearing when she was found. Robin's cause of death is not stated but it is safely presumed she took her own life so her final moments and death would be peaceful and painless. After identifying Robin's body and collecting the jewelry, Jenny sits on a street bench. It is nighttime, and rain pours heavily down from the sky. Jason, who had also been notified, happens to pull alongside Jenny in his car. Jason urges Jenny to get in and he'll drive her home; Jenny is wearing no protective rain clothing. Caring nothing about herself right now, Jenny laces into her father, taking out all her long pent-up frustration at Jason having left Robin in the first place, out on him. She gloats when Jason mentions that Chloe, frightened for her own life, has ran home to her mother, abandoning Jason. Jenny cruelly tells her father that she feels like an orphan before hailing a cab and riding off. The Beiderman family arrives at the Ark cave. As everyone on the bus debarks and starts to be ushered into the cave facilities, Leo suddenly stops. His parents turn around and Leo grimly announces he is going back for Sarah. He is determined in this over his mother's frantic protests. Don pulls off his watch and rings so Leo will have something to trade. They tearfully hug him before he sets off in pursuit of Sarah. Jason goes to see Jenny at the MSNBC offices. He tells her he's leaving Washington, but he has something for her; proof she isn't an orphan. He's brought several photographs taken at the family beach side house when Jenny was a child. Jason is holding her on his shoulders. Robin isn't in the photographs because she took the photos with her camera. Jason remarks that it was one of the happiest days he can remember that they spent as a family. Jenny seems nostalgic about the pictures but protests she was only 5 years old when the photos were taken, so she couldn't be expected to remember the day in question. Jason gives Jenny the photos to keep and says goodbye. Leo has gotten himself a ride with a number of individuals in the loft of a private truck heading back to Virginia Beach. They are listening to a radio broadcast; the Titan missile strike has just been launched at the two comets, that are now 14 hours away from impact. Jenny goes on the air for a news report to cover the missile strike. The comet will interfere with visual tracking, so once again the country must sit and wait until military radar can see if the comets have been pushed sufficiently off course to miss direct impact. At the Oval Office, President Beck delivers the news. For the first time, Beck is wearing only a pullover shirt and sweater; no dress shirt; tie, or suitcoat. The missiles have failed to deflect the comets off course. Earth has exhausted all options to prevent direct impact, and massive casualties are now inevitable. Beck delivers the dire statistics forecast for the impact: Beiderman, the smaller fragment of the comet, will impact at 4:37 Eastern Daylight Time, striking in the Atlantic Ocean a short distance off of Cape Hatteras. A massive tsunami will be formed, racing toward the US Eastern Seaboard faster than the speed of sound. As it approaches the shallower waters off the coastline, it will slow somewhat, but wave height will build up to several thousand feet. All settlements on the east coast, including the cities of New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Savannah, Charleston, Charlotte, Washington, Atlanta and Miami, will be wiped out. Beck tells everyone in these cities that have any means of hurrying westward to leave immediately. The main body of the comet, Wolf, will strike land in Western Canada several hours later. This will be a full Extinction Level Event. Within two days after impact, dust and debris will fill the sky and create an effect similar to a 'nuclear winter' that will make the skies dark for two years. Without sunlight reaching Earth's surface, all plant life will die, followed by all animal life. On board the Messiah, Captain Tanner has come up with one last option. He calls the crew together to explain his plan. They can do nothing about the Beiderman fragment, but he believes they can still stop the main Wolf comet and give Earth hope for survival. Outgassing has created a very large fissure vent in the comet's surface leading well into its interior. As the comet draws closer to Earth, the sun will melt ice and widen the hole further. The Messiah has four nuclear warheads remaining. If they can get these warheads into that vent, the comet should be blown into fragments far too small to wreak the kind of catastrophic damage that the intact comet would cause. The crew has to get close enough to Earth to reach Houston Mission Control and get the manual arming codes for the remaining warheads, in order to synchronize the bomb timers properly. Tulchinsky and Simon know that the Messiah is dangerously low on both life-support and remaining propellant fuel. It is not likely they can get into the cargo bay, or properly maneuver the Messiah for a second landing on the comet surface... much less get back off the surface once the warheads are planted. Fish's silence and grim expression, however, show that none of these are factors in his plan. It is a suicide mission; the Messiah making a kamikaze run into the comet's interior and detonating the warheads. All of the crew will perish. The crew is grim at this reality, but all quickly accept their pending fate. The Messiah finally gets close enough to Earth to raise Houston Mission Control on audio. Fish briefly fills Hefter in and tells him to get the arming codes for the remaining nuclear warheads. At the MSNBC news offices, final evacuations are underway. There are seven people left in Caley's news team... and the last helicopter only has room for seven. As one of these must be the pilot, one of the news crew must be left behind for the helicopter to drop the others off on high ground in West Virginia before transporting Jenny to the Ark. Without any proper alternative means of deciding who must be left behind, straws are drawn. Beth draws the short stick, and quietly picks up her preschool-aged daughter, hoping for the best on the roads. Leo has acquired a bicycle and arrives at the Hotchner house. The Hotchner family has evacuated, leaving their dog behind. Rushing to the garage, Leo manages to locate the key to unlock the motorbike. He takes it to search the highways to find Sarah. The panicked rush to get out of the city has brought traffic to a near standstill reaching for miles. The news crew is rushing to board the helicopter. Jenny pauses to grab something from her desk. As she hurries to rejoin the remaining crew, they pass by the nursery. Beth is sitting there with her daughter Caitlin. Beth has realized the likelihood of successfully getting out of danger was very low with the frantic rush. She has resigned herself to her fate and gone to the nursery, hoping to spend her last few minutes holding and playing with Caitlin, despite assuring Caitlin that they will be safe. Despite the frantic shouts of the other crew, Jenny simply stares at Beth for a long minute. Suddenly she grabs Caitlin out of Beth's arms and runs madly for the helicopter. Beth rushes in anguish after her. On the roof, Jenny thrusts Caitlin back into her mother's arms and announces that Beth is getting on the helicopter in Jenny's place. Nobody can dissuade her from this; she refuses to let Caitlin and Beth die. Everyone stares in amazement, knowing that Jenny is giving up her very life... but they have no time to debate the issue. Beth and Caitlin are ushered aboard the helicopter and it takes off, leaving Jenny behind. As she stands alone on the rooftop, Jenny gazes at what she took from her desk... it's the photos Jason gave her. Racing down the highway, Leo continues his search for Sarah. It is she and her parents who spot him first, calling out to him and honking. Chuck decides this time there will be no further arguing. He half carries, half-drags Sarah over to the motorbike, physically picking her up and putting her on the seat behind Leo. He puts a motorcycle helmet on Sarah's head as Vicky works feverishly to attach a baby harness to Sarah's chest and slip the baby into it. Chuck tells Leo to hurry off and save himself, Sarah and the baby, getting to high ground. This time he and Vicky turn a deaf ear to Sarah's anguished cries of protest. As Leo races off, Vicky bursts into tears and Chuck hugs her. Jenny, meanwhile, is shown pulling up to a beach side house... her family's house. She knows that Jason has gone here to spend his last moments before the tsunami strikes. She finds him on the beach, calmly staring out at the ocean. Saying that she lied to Jason about not remembering the day the photos were taken, Jenny finally makes peace and reconciles with her father. She hugs him and snuggles close, still frightened of her own impending death despite the decision she made to give her life up. Time has run out. The Beiderman comet fragment breaks Earth's atmosphere and rushes for impact. Everyone for miles can see it race out past the coastline before it plunges deep into the Atlantic Ocean. A titanic mushroom cloud roars upward and outward from the point of impact. The skies turn dark; birds tossed helplessly about in the air as the tsunami begins to race inexorably toward the eastern coast. At the Lerner beach house, Jenny gives a brief sob of fear before Jason pulls her head against his chest and closes his eyes. The tsunami strikes the coastline and begins its run of devastation. We're treated to the obligatory scenario of New York City being destroyed. In the streets, hundreds of people abandon their cars, grab their things, and try to flee, but are very quickly overtaken by the tsunami. The final shot shows the city immersed underwater save for the very tops of the World Trade Center; the broken-off head of the Statue of Liberty, surrounded by cars and dead bodies, bouncing like a dropped basketball down Wall Street. On the Virginia coast, people have abandoned their cars, racing about in all directions, screaming frantically in a mad rush for higher ground. A few simply stand outside their cars and wait to perish. Among them are Chuck and Vicky Hotchner, holding each other for a final moment of comfort as the tsunami approaches. Leo and Sarah are part of a small crowd that have gotten off the road, racing for higher ground among the hills. The Messiah has made final preparations for their interception of the Wolf Comet. The crew members have asked for their families to be brought to the Mission Control Center in Houston so they can say final goodbyes. Baker's husband and daughter, and Simon's fiance are on standby. Commander Monash's wife is still en route and hasn't arrived yet... and Fish's two sons were on active Naval duty and couldn't be reached. Accepting this, Fish gives a quiet prayer to his late wife, saying he's coming home to her at last. Baker and Simon say their final goodbyes tearfully. Transmission is just about to be terminated when officers come rushing to the control room with Mariette Monash in tow. She reaches the control room in the nick of time, holding her baby son, who she's named Oren in her husband's honor. Commander Monash, although still blind, can hear Mariette and Oren Jr. He gives them an emotional farewell as Col. Tulchinsky sets the warhead timers and Baker and Fish calculate trajectory for the final interception run. They say farewell to each other; Baker closing her eyes and Simon closing his as Captain Tanner flies the Messiah through the vent into the comet's interior. The warheads detonate, shattering the Wolf comet into millions of tiny fragments. Leo, Sarah, and Sarah's baby sister are among a group of several dozen people that have gotten to the top of the highest hill they could find, barely escaping the tsunami. They watch as the shattered fragments of Wolf create a firework-like light show in the sky. The story closes with President Beck delivering an impassioned speech to a huge crowd in Washington D.C. sometime later, after the waters of the Atlantic Ocean have receded and settled back into the ocean basin. Acknowledging the incalculable losses of lives in America, South America, Europe and Africa, President Beck tells his people that they must remember those who died for them, and carry on with their rebuilding of the human way of life. The camera pans out for the final shot showing the U.S. Capitol building under reconstruction as the people gathered there cheer.
tt0119282
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
Based on both the legend of Hercules and Heracles. On Mt Olympus, Zeus and his wife are celebrating the birth of their son, Hercules. The Lord of the Underworld, Hades, is also invited, though is not at all pleased with the birth of Hercules. Returning to the Underworld, Hades meets up with the 3 Fates, who tell Hades that in 18 years, when the planets align, if he unleashes the Titans (who were imprisoned by Zeus), he will defeat Zeus and rule over all. However, there is a possibility that Hercules could stop him. Hades assigns his minions, Pain and Panic, to turn Hercules mortal, and kill him. Armed with a potion, the two kidnap Hercules, and take him to Earth. Hercules drinks almost every drop except one, when a childless couple disturbs the two minions' plan. The two decide to tell Hades that they killed Hercules, but figure leaving him on Earth as a mortal will keep him from interfering in Hades' eventual plot. As Hercules is almost completely mortal, he cannot return to Mt Olympus. However, the childless couple have taken him in, and raise him as their own. However, not being completely mortal, Hercules is ostracized from the rest of society by his immense strength. As he approaches his teenage years, his father tells of how they found him, with a medallion bearing the symbol of the gods. Hercules sets off for the Temple of Zeus to find answers. Once inside the temple, the enormous statue of Zeus comes to life, first scaring Hercules, but then explaining how he is the young boy's father. Zeus then explains that if Hercules can become a True Hero, he'll be able to return to Mt Olympus and rejoin them. Zeus then provides Hercules with a winged horse named Pegasus, and sends them off to find Philoctetes. Hercules and Pegasus find Philoctetes (who is nicknamed 'Phil') on a deserted island. Having become a grouchy, old satyr, Phil is at first reluctant, but finally relents. After an intense period of training, Hercules grows from a scrawny teenager to a buff young man. At Hercules' insistence to try what he has learned, Phil, Hercules and Pegasus head for the city of Thebes, which is plagued by a number of disasters and problems. On the way there, they are sidetracked by Meg, who appears to be menaced by a centaur. Hercules grows somewhat enchanted with her, before Phil gets them back on track to Thebes. After they leave, Meg meets with Hades, and his assistants, Pain and Panic. Meg was actually trying to get the centaur to side with Hades, but claims Hercules spoiled her plans. Upon hearing this, Hades angrily grabs his assistants, realizing they have lied to him. Pain and Panic manage to convince Hades that since Hercules is mortal, they can still kill him. In Thebes, Hercules tries to convince the citizens that he is a hero, but no one is willing to believe him. Suddenly, Meg appears, and tells of two small boys trapped under a rock in a nearby canyon. Hercules saves the little boys (actually Pain and Panic in disguise), but then has to contend with the 3-headed beast called the Hydra. After finding out that cutting off one head produces 3 more, Hercules ends up crushing the beast with a rock slide. The defeat of the Hydra causes the citizens of Thebes to acknowledge Hercules as a hero, and further anger Hades. Hades continues to send beasts and creature against Hercules, but each and everyone is defeated, further making Hercules a hero in the eyes of the citizens. Statues and merchandise are soon rampant with Hercules' face, and Hercules thinks that his fame will allow him to return to Mt Olympus. However, upon visiting the Temple of Zeus again, Zeus explains to Hercules that fame does not equal heroism. When Hercules asks to know what he can do, Zeus refuses to explain further. Back in Thebes, the conversation has upset Hercules, who wonders if he even has what it takes to be a hero. While in his home, Meg appears, and gets Hercules to come with her for an evening rendezvous. However, Meg's intentions are to secretly find Hercules' weakness, but as the night goes on, she begins to find him charming. The mood is broken when Phil and Pegasus show up to take Hercules home. During the flight away, Phil ends up getting hit by a tree, and falls off Pegasus. When he comes to, he sees Meg talking to Hades, with their conversation sounding as if Meg has been two-timing Hercules. In truth, Meg refuses to go along with Hades plan, claiming that Hercules has no weakness...which leads Hades to believe that she IS that weakness. Back at Thebes Stadium, Phil tries to convince Hercules of what he saw, but Hercules angrily hits Phil. Phil, hurt by his protege's backlash, gets up and leaves. Once Phil is gone, Hades appears, and offers Hercules an ultimatum: if Hercules gives up his powers for 24 hours, Hades will allow Meg to go free, with the provision that the deal will be voided if any harm comes to her. Hercules goes through with the deal, only to have Hades then tell Hercules how Meg was working for him. Now drained of his strength, Hercules can only watch as Hades lets loose the Titans that Zeus had imprisoned years earlier. Hades sends a giant cyclops to Thebes to destroy the City. Even though Hercules is drained of his strength, he still tries to stop the creature. Fearing that he'll be killed, Meg and Pegasus find Phil, who they convince to return and help his student. With Phil's help and some ingenuity, Hercules ends up blinding and finishing off the cyclops, but in the process, Meg is gravely injured. Her injury causes Hades' deal to expire, and Hercules receives his strength back. With Phil watching over Meg, Hercules and Pegasus fly to Mt Olympus, where the Titans have all but over-powered Zeus and the other gods. Hercules helps turn the tide of battle, and ends up taking care of the Titans, and Hades angrily retreats to the Underworld. When Hercules returns to Thebes, Phil reveals that Meg has died. Upset by this, Hercues descends into the Underworld to get her back. Hercules makes a deal with Hades, that he will take Meg's place if he rescues her from the River of Death. Hades accepts the deal, sure that Hercules will die before he can save her. It seems Hercules will die, but upon reaching Meg, he suddenly begins to glow yellow, having achieved god status by risking his life to save her. Hercules manages to get Meg out of the River of Death, much to Hades ranting and protestations, several of which cause Hercules to send him flying into the river, where the dead attempt to drown him. Hercules, Pegasus, Phil and Meg then fly to Mt Olympus where the gods are waiting to welcome Hercules back, now that he has become a 'True Hero.' However, Hercules chooses to stay on Earth, but still be able to visit his family. The film ends as one of the gods creates a constellation in the sky of Hercules, making Phil swell with pride that he was able to train a legend and a god.
tt0485947
Drama,Fantasy,Romance
Mr. Nobody is a tale about choice. Nemo, a nine year old boy, has been thrust into a position where he must make an impossible decision - to choose between his mother and father. In the seconds preceding the rest of his life he wonders where each choice will take him. The forces of the universe working to bring about total chaos are counteracted by this boy's overactive imagination. The dilemma that causes the films main problem (not knowing the future) once solved makes it all the more difficult - "I don't know the future, therefore I cannot make a decision. Now that I know the future I still cannot make one". The eloquent interplay between philosophical lifestyle and what forges reality, is epitomized by the constant change in story line, between young boy, adolescent man, and mature man. Corresponding to each particular stage is a certain soundtrack. The movie takes a four-dimensionalists view of the nature and existence of life in the universe. Each decision thus branching off creating an entirely separate alternative universe. Mr. Nobody raises many ontological arguments about the subjective nature of time. How actions have universal consequences, how the past inevitably shapes the future in a very impacting way - every single choice, no matter its simplicity or complexity can make, alter or change a lifetime. The film also makes good use of chaos theory, string theory and the butterfly effect to accentuate the lack of control we as individuals possess. Often at each stage of his life there is a scene where Nemo is subject to the whims of chance, often plunging into water, a place where we lacks all control. This is a visual symbol of the powerlessness attributed to the human condition. The aforementioned theories are used to compound reality in the film, it is why the smoke never goes back into the cigarette, time is always moving in one direction. At the end when you assume that the universe is on the precipice of ultimate chaos, time halts, and it begins to reverse. Thus signalling the absolute freedom Nemo had been seeking - being able to live a life without choice, for while you never choose all things remain possible. There will be no causal relationship i.e. cause and effect because you never set in motion a catalyst. And so the tale of Mr. Nobody reflects a life of choices, whether or not we made the correct choice and what would happen if we could go back and change them. In the reveal Mr. Nobody age 118 states that it doesn't matter what we choose, because each choice, once made has just as much significance as any alternate choice. The film portrays a life where we are all subject to chance, to the dimensions by which we construct our reality (height, length, width and time), and to the imagination of our former selves. And once the boy Nemo knows the outcomes of either choice, he instinctively opts for another. He chooses the path least travelled, the one that yields the greatest love, and in a very romantic convoluted way, this seems to be the message of the film, to search for and ultimately choose love and happiness above all. written by Ash Victor vowles LOGAN'S RUN - meets - CLICK - meets - BENJAMIN BUTTON?
tt0094078
Comedy
Sean Stein (Michael Caine) is a successful British-born novelist with eight books to his name and a mansion in Beverly Hills, California. However, after a divorce and a palimony suit, Sean is giving over half his income to his former lovers and decides to swear off women, believing they have only loved him for his money. Sean plans to move to Kuwait where women have no rights, but first goes to a charity fundraiser for an aerospace museum. There, armed thieves seize the party guests, have them strip naked, tie them up to each other, and steal their possessions. Sean is bound to commercial artist Daisy Morgan (Sally Morning) and is immediately smitten with her because of the concern she shows for him during the robbery. Daisy has been dating self-absorbed, childish attorney Marty Caesar (Steve Guttenburg), who is reluctant to make a commitment to her and always puts work ahead of her. After police free the hostages, Marty goes overseas on a business trip to handle a crisis for his client, CalCor. Meanwhile, Sean Stein obtains the address for Daisy's home in Silverlake and drops by to tell her that he wants to go out with her. Daisy replies that she has a boyfriend, but nonetheless agrees to go out with him. Sean lies, telling Daisy that he is broke and suggesting that if her boyfriend is rich, she should not waste her time on him. Daisy, who is behind on all her bills and just borrowed money from Marty for the rent, also lies, saying that money means nothing to her. Sean tells Daisy that he is a writer but has never sold anything, so he gave up writing. However, Sean is impressed by Daisy's paintings. Sean kisses Daisy and asks her to have sex with him. She replies that she does not make love before the first date, but the two quickly end up in bed together before going to dinner. After sex, Sean invites Daisy to move in with him, but she declines, saying he is moving too quickly. Over the next few days, Sean and Daisy spend time visiting art galleries, going to the beach, and enjoying each other's company. However, when they walk past a book store where Sean's latest novel, The Importance of Being Dead, is on display in the front window, he diverts her attention before she can see it. Daisy goes to her father, tennis club owner "Ace" Morgan (Jackie Cooper), asking to borrow money and tells him about Sean. Ace advises her to get back with Marty since he has money and offers security. Daisy asks to see some of Sean's writing and he gives her the manuscript to The Not Nice Nuns, which only sold 200,000 copies. Daisy is impressed by the novel, saying that it is good storytelling, but is not ready to send to a publisher. She offers some editing notes to improve it, but Sean is offended, blurting out that it has already been published, then quickly covers by staunchly refusing to change a word. Sean meets with his lawyer, Jay Bass, and declares that he is madly in love with Daisy. Sean knows it is true love because Daisy thinks he is broke, but loves him anyway. He intends to bring her to his mansion and tell her the truth. However, Marty Caesar returns from his overseas business trip during which he was held hostage for several days. That experience changed Marty, who now plans to represent people in need rather than big corporations. Marty asks Daisy to marry him, but she does not respond. Sean arrives to pick up Daisy for their date, but hears Marty in the shower. Daisy tells him that she is getting back together with Marty. A devastated Sean trashes his mansion and resumes plans to move to Kuwait. Meanwhile, Daisy plans to give up her rental home to move in with Marty. However, as she is packing, she notices a newspaper feature on novelist Sean Stein. Angry at being deceived, Daisy gets Sean's address and confronts him at his mansion. The writer explains that he had to make sure she loved him for him and not his money. Daisy says she was considering moving in with him, but now she can never trust him. Sean wants to know if she considered moving in with him before or after she read the newspaper article. She lies and says it was before. Sean and Daisy reunite. Daisy breaks up with Marty, then flies to Lake Tahoe, Nevada, with Sean to be married. However, at the urging of his lawyer, Jay Bass (Peter Boyle), Sean asks Daisy to sign a pre-nuptial agreement. She believes it is an unromantic thing to do on the eve of a wedding, but agrees to sign it nonetheless. Afterward, she loses her enthusiasm for getting married and plays the slot machines to clear her head, but ends up winning a $2 million jackpot. Sean returns from jogging and announces he has decided they do not need a pre-nuptial agreement after all. However, now that Daisy has money, she thinks they do need one. The two argue, and Daisy confesses that she only considered coming back to him after reading the newspaper article. Marty arrives in Lake Tahoe and finds Daisy and Sean arguing. Daisy points out that Marty is richer than Sean, yet he never asked her to sign a pre-nup. Sean storms out while Daisy and Marty resume their relationship. Back in Los Angeles, Daisy throws a party to celebrate winning the jackpot. Marty proposes to her in front of all the guests, but Daisy walks off without a word. She later explains that she does not want to marry Marty because he is "egotistical, insensitive, and immature." Marty observes that those qualities never bothered her before, but Daisy replies that she has changed. She should have never taken Marty's gifts under the guise of love, and offers him $50,000 to make up for what he spent on her. Marty accepts the money. Back in Los Angeles, a disturbed Sean spots a prostitute who earlier robbed him. He decides to avenge himself against women in general by bringing the streetwalker to his home and robbing her. She turns out to be a transvestite. Suddenly, Daisy suddenly bursts in and wants to marry him again, throwing all of her remaining cash at him. The prostitute picks up his gun and sees the pile of cash, but generously says: "I'll only take cab fare." The film ends with Sean and Daisy tied up in the nude as when they first met, having been robbed of all the money and stripped of all their clothing by the crazy transvestite prostitute. Never the less, Daisy admits to Sean that she is indeed a "money grubber," but she still wants to marry him. Sean accepts her proposal.
tt0117665
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Told through the narration of a grown-up "Shakes", four young boys: Lorenzo "Shakes"(Joseph Perrino), Michael (Brad Renfro), Tommy (Jonathan Tucker), and John (Geoffrey Wigdor) are the best of friends growing up in Hell's Kitchen in New York City. Their family lives are hard, involving broken homes and spousal abuse, and the boys turn to street antics and volunteering as altar boys to escape. Father Bobby (Robert De Niro), an ex convict turned priest, watches out for them and tries to mold them into upstanding members of society. Despite their good hearts the boys get into all kinds of trouble, including sneaking into confessionals and pretending to be priests and playing pranks on nuns. Shakes becomes an errand boy and fast friends with a street kingpin named King Benny who runs all the illegal activity in Hell's Kitchen. One fateful day Michael suggests they knock off a hotdog vendor out of boredom. When Shakes runs off with a hotdog the vendor gives chase, leaving the stand unsupervised and allowing the three other boys to feast in his absence. Michael suggests that they leave the cart teetering on the edge of the subway entrance so when the vendor comes back he'll have to struggle to keep it from falling, giving them time to escape. In a tragic turn of events, the cart crashes down the stairs hitting and almost killing an elderly man. The boys are sentenced to a year in the Wilkinson Home for Boys. Because Shakes arrived at the scene of the cart crash later than the others (and because of the vouching of Father Bobby), he's only sentenced to 6 months. The boys hardly fit into the home which is filled with boys who have committed much more serious crimes and are subject to their ridicule and beatings. Worst of all is a guard named Sean Nokes (Kevin Bacon) who quickly turns the boys lives into a living hell. He begins by humiliating them along with three other guards, Henry Addison, Adam Styler and Ralph Ferguson (Jeffrey Donovan, Lennie Loftin and Terry Kinney respectively). Nokes embarrasses them in front of the other inmates by making them eat off the floor. The abuse escalates to beatings at night. He and the three other guards drag the four boys into the basement of the home where they repeatedly beat and rape them. It's suggested that this abuse becomes a nightly occurrence for the boys. The boys, no longer innocent and filled with shame, write to their parents to tell them not to visit; afraid they'll know what's been going on. Father Bobby refuses to stay away and urges Shakes to not let the home change him for the worse. The home holds a football game between the guards and inmates once a year for all the town to see. Michael convinces Rizzo, an intimidating black inmate to not let the guards win this year out of fear of the consequences but instead fight back as hard as possible. Rizzo agrees and the four boys and a few other inmates fight dirty and beat the guards in front of the whole town. Disgraced and angry, Nokes and the other guards throw the four boys into solitary confinement, starving them for two weeks straight. Shakes wakes up in the infirmary and is told by Michael that the guards beat Rizzo to death. As Shakes' release date nears, the four boys agree that once they get out of the home they won't breathe a word about what happened there to anyone and bury it as deep in their minds as possible. --------- More thirteen years later, two men walk into a pub and order a drink. Shakes' narration describes them as two of the most dangerous men in Hell's Kitchen. Both are members of the gang The West Side Boys. Both are murderers and drug users. The blonde man walks towards the bathroom and notices Nokes sitting by himself and eating dinner. He stares him down and Nokes reacts with annoyance. The blonde man tells him to enjoy his dinner and enters the bathroom. He returns to his dark-haired friend at the bar and tells him to look closely at Nokes. The dark-haired man recognizes him too and they both approach him. They sit down and introduce themselves as grown-up Tommy and John (Billy Crudup and Ron Eldard). Nokes says they were wimpy kids and he tried to make them tough. They point their guns at him. He tells them they're going to burn in hell. John says "You first", before they shoot him dead. Several people in the bar witness the shooting and hide their heads as Tommy and John walk out. Meanwhile, Shakes (Jason Patric), now a newspaper columnist, meets with Michael (Brad Pitt), now an assistant district attorney. Michael says he's going to take the Sean Nokes murder case as the prosecuting attorney. Shakes reacts with anger before Michael tells him he's going to take the case to lose. Not only that, he's planning on revealing the corrupt Wilkinson Home for what it really is. He asks Shakes to help him bring his plan to fruition. Michael hands Shakes years of research on the three other guards who had tortured them all those years ago. Shakes meets with Carol (Minnie Driver), a childhood friend of the boys and ex-girlfriend of Michael, and asks for her help finding files for the case since she has access as a social worker. She tells him that she's with John now and asks why he never asked her out. He said he never had the guts because she was Mikey's girl. Shakes enlists the help of King Benny who makes sure the fallen and disgraced drunk, Danny Snyder (Dustin Hoffman), is Tommy and John's defense lawyer, making it seem even less likely the two men will walk. Shakes meets with an internal affairs agent to give him information on Adam Styler, who has now become a cop, and his cocaine habit as well as his illegal trafficking activity. King Benny meets with drug kingpin Little Caesar, revealed to be Rizzo's older brother, and tells him the truth of Rizzo's death at the hands of Henry Addison in the Wilkinson home. Little Caesar was told Rizzo died of pneumonia. Shakes and Carol meet with Father Bobby and ask him to be Tommy and John's alibi for the night of the murder. Father Bobby doesn't want to swear to God and then lie on the stand. He asks why he should lie to let two guilty men, who will surely kill again, go free. He asks why Nokes' life means nothing to Shakes. Shakes tells him and Carol everything that happened while he, Michael, Tommy and John were at Wilkinson's. Afterward, Father Bobby says he has some thinking to do and tells them goodnight. In court, Michael successfully begins to throw the case, conveniently forgetting to present the jury with a motive. With the help of a list of questions and answers Michael previously provided him, Snyder successfully displays one of the witnesses as a "scared woman who had too much to drink", making it questionable whether Tommy and John were ever in the bar to begin with. Michael calls a character witness for Nokes by the name of Ralph Ferguson. Ferguson tells the jury that Nokes was a good man and didn't deserve to be killed by two street punks. Snyder uses Michael's question list to grill Ferguson on the goings-on of the Wilkinson Home for Boys. He asks him about the beatings and rapes and whether he and Nokes participated. Ferguson, realizing who the defendants are, breaks down and confesses. He's dismissed by the judge but told not to stray too far from home since there are people who will "want to talk to him". The next day Father Bobby gets on the stand, swears to tell the truth, and says that Tommy and John were with him at a Knicks game the night of the murder. Michael asks him if he has any proof. Father Bobby produces three ticket stubs. The jury finds Tommy and John not guilty. Addison's body is found in a swamp by La Guardia airport. Shot to death by Little Caesar's men. Adam Styler is arrested by internal affairs. The four friends and Carol meet for a private party. They share stories of their childhood and sing "Walk Like a Man" for Carol. Shakes' narration explains that this was the last night they would ever be together. Not long after that, John's body is found in an apartment stairway next to a bottle of booze that killed him. About a year after that, Tommy's body is found by the river with five bullets in his head. Both of them never reached thirty. Michael moves to England, becomes a carpenter, and never marries. Shakes still lives in Hell's Kitchen and writes for the paper. Carol is an unwed mother, compliments of John, and named her son John Michael Thomas. She calls him 'Shakes'.
tt0244244
Action,Crime,Thriller
Stanley Jobson (Hugh Jackman) is an elite hacker who infected the FBI's Carnivore program with a potent computer virus, delaying its deployment by several years. For this, he was arrested by Agent Roberts (Don Cheadle), convicted of computer crimes and spent two years in Leavenworth. A condition of his parole is that he is forbidden from touching, much less using, a computer. His ex-wife, Melissa, has sole custody over their daughter Holly and some form of restraining order against Stanley from seeing Holly. While Stanley is at home in rural Texas practicing his golf swing, a woman named Ginger Knowles (Halle Berry) shows up to solicit his hacking skills for her boss Gabriel Shear (John Travolta). For an initial $100,000 he agrees to meet with Gabriel. He and Ginger fly to Los Angeles, California and meet Gabriel in a night club. Gabriel pressures Stanley right-then-and-there to hack a government system in 60 seconds while at gun point and receiving oral sex. Although it was just a test (the gun was not loaded) Stanley succeeded in hacking the system, a feat that Gabriel had not anticipated. At Gabriel's house he convinces Stanley to write a worm for $10 million that steals money from a secret government slush fund on the order of $9.5 billion. Gabriel reveals to Stanley that he works for an organization called the Black Cell that was started by J. Edgar Hoover in the 1950s, which is responsible for retaliatory attacks against terrorists who have attacked Americans. It is currently headed by Senator Reisman. Reisman discovers that the FBI has caught onto Gabriel and attempts to pull the plug. After Gabriel refuses to terminate plans Reisman attempts to have Gabriel killed, which fails. Gabriel tracks the Senator down while he is fly fishing in Bend, Oregon and kills Reisman. Gabriel proceeds with his plan and raids the local branch of the WORLDBANC. He takes hostages and deploys Stanley's worm. After stealing the $9.5B he boards the hostages and his crew on a bus out of the bank. Gabriel demands a plane at the local airport (a hostage negotiation clich) but it was a diversion. An S-64 Aircrane swoops down, lifts the bus, and releases it on the rooftop of a skyscraper. From the rooftop, Gabriel departs with his team in a helicopter which is shot down by Stanley with a rocket-propelled grenade. At the morgue, Stanley realizes it was more misdirection and Gabriel was not on the helicopter and "Gabriel Shear" is an alias. The end of the film shows Ginger and "Gabriel" in Monte Carlo transferring that $9.5B into other accounts. The final scene shows a yacht being destroyed and a news anchor voice narrating that a suspected terrorist died on that yacht. ===Alternate ending=== The DVD version contains an alternate ending wherein Ginger is told in the bank that the account is already empty, alluding to the possibility that Stanley has played one final trick on them and taken the money himself. In a companion scene to the alternate ending, Stanley is shown on a trip with his daughter in a brand new RV. While eating at a diner, Stanley is shown transferring many billion dollars to various charities before continuing his trip.
tt0462590
Crime,Drama,Music
Tyler Gage (channing tatum) is from the wrong side of the tracks, caught up in a world of drugs,violence and crime. After leaving a party Tyler and his two friends end up outside the Maryland school of the arts they break in and find themselves in the theater where they destroy the set. the boys are busted by a rent a cop and he grabs Mac, Tyler tackles the cop telling mac and skinny to run and is taken to court the next day he is made to serve community service at the scene of the crime. Nora Clark a senior dancer at the school is work hard for her final show piece on which she is basing all her dreams of being accepted into a dance company. When her partner break his leg in a accident, Tyler steps in temporarily. While learning with Nora, Tyler starts changing his perspective of life and becomes a little more serious about his future. He requests the School's director to let him join as a student. But she tells when he proves that he is dedicated, she will consider his request then. Tyler suggests new line to the show piece and both Nora and himself choreograph a fusion of Ballet and Hip Hop. When Nora's old partner Andrew returns, Tyler storms out angrily accusing Nora of using him as a replacement. Andrew unable to pick up Hip Hop, leaves Nora partner-less. Nora choreographs another sequence without a partner. When Tyler and Mac are in a club Skinny steals a car from their rival gang and gets shot and dies. Tyler decides to do the show piece with Nora. He goes backstage and convinces a reluctant Nora to change the sequence back to the one they composed together. They both deliver a spectacular performance landing Nora a place in a dance company. The school director accepts Tyler as a student.
tt0200550
Comedy,Drama,Music
Violet Sanford (Piper Perabo) leaves her hometown, her father (John Goodman) and her best friend Gloria (Melanie Lynskey), to pursue her dreams of becoming a songwriter in New York City. Before leaving town, she signs an autograph which is pinned on the wall of the pizza place where she worked. In New York Violet tries unsuccessfully, dozens of times, to get her demo tape noticed by studios, producers or club managers. In one bar, a bartender jokingly points out Kevin O'Donnell and makes her believe he is the owner. Violet tries to get him to listen to her demo tape, but when she discovers the joke she feels that Kevin was making a fool out of her. With only a few dollars in her pocket, she goes to an all-night diner and notices some girls flaunting hundreds of dollars they've earned in tips. Violet finds out they work at a trendy bar called "Coyote Ugly". She finds her way to the bar and convinces the owner, Lil, to hire her. Lil explains she hired Violet because she looks like a kindergarten teacher, who the childish bar patrons will come to see. After starting her new Job, Violet quickly discovers she must learn the ropes of singing, dancing and performing wild acts in front of a rowdy crowd. Kevin O'Donnell tries to help her overcome her shyness on stage and they become closer. Kevin and Violet finally become lovers, despite his attempts to to hide his past and the reason he left Australia. Violet finally lands a deal with a record label after a successful performance at an Open Mic night at the Bowery Ballroom, when all the Coyotes come to support her.
tt0119094
Action,Crime,Sci-Fi
September 1991: In a flashback, FBI Special Agent Sean Archer (John Travolta) is taking his six year old son Michael for a ride on the Griffith Park carousel in downtown Los Angeles. As they ride around, Archer runs his hand over Michael's face and smiles. Meanwhile, Castor Troy (Nicolas Cage) sets up a suppressed sniper rifle on the hill overlooking the carousel. He takes aim at Archer, waits until he gets a clean shot, and fires. The bullet hits Archer in the back, and he and his son fall off the horse, leaving a noticeable bloodstain on the horse's mane. Three balloons are seen drifting away into the sky. Moments later, Archer is shown lying on his stomach, in pain, the bullet having gone cleanly through his body as bystanders rush over to him. Though bleeding, he sees Michael lying a few feet away, dead, the bullet having struck him in the head. Tears stinging his eyes, Archer crawls over and holds his dead son's body while Castor looks up from the scope of his rifle, stunned to see that he has just killed a child. The carousel horse Archer was riding on spins round and round and quickly fades out. Six Years Later: Archer is the field agent in charge of the FBI's Los Angeles field office and has been relentlessly pursuing Castor ever since the assassination attempt. Castor is a career terrorist, responsible for countless terrorist bombings, aircraft hijackings, and political assassinations, among other crimes. Archer looks at a wall documenting a long list of commendations given to him for his years of dedicated hard work and service, then somberly holsters his pistol and approaches his coworkers. We see that Archer carries the burden of his son's death on his shoulders at all times from his walk. He is agitated that his closest agents, Tito Blondi (Robert Wisdom), Wanda (Margaret Cho), Buzz (James Denton), and Loomis (Matt Ross) have no information on Castor's latest whereabouts. Meanwhile, Castor poses as a minister to sneak into the Los Angeles Convention Center, where he assembles and arms a big bomb called "Sinclaire". As he leaves, he cannot resist the opportunity to headbang to a choir singing the Hallelujah chorus and grope a blonde choir girl. At the FBI office, Archer finishes up a heated phone call with director Victor Lazarro (Harve Presnell). His secretary Kim Brewster (Romy Windsor) comes in to inform him that his wife Eve is on line 1 trying to call him. But simultaneously, Tito bursts in to tell Archer that Castor's brother Pollux just chartered a jet at a local airfield and paid it in cash. Archer immediately orders Tito to get an undercover agent planted on the plane. Tito is about to protest that they don't have any sign of Castor, but Archer counters Pollux "doesn't fly without big brother!" and marches out of the office, ignoring the fact that his wife is on hold. Pollux Troy (Alessandro Nivola) is shown waiting impatiently in his convertible on the tarmac of a local airfield with his cronies Leo (Tommy Flanagan) and Lars (Dana Smith). He is relieved when Castor drives up in his own car. He climbs out and walks over to Pollux, and converses as Leo and Lars change his coat and sunglasses. Pollux is annoyed that Castor is running 26 minutes behind schedule. Castor lights a cigarette and asks Pollux if he hasn't deviated from their plans. Pollux admits that he paid for the jet himself to save them time. Castor reminds him that that is for the boys to handle so they can hide their movements, but he's not going to kill Pollux for such a screw-up because he loves him too much to do such a thing. He then bends over and quickly ties Pollux's shoelaces. Castor then tempts Leo and Lars with a gold money clip of $100 bills, only to snatch them away. He and Pollux then break into grins as he advises his men to stay away from downtown on the 18th, when things are going to be a little.... "smoggy". Castor and Pollux then board the plane, where they are greeted by Winters, an undercover agent posing as a flight attendant, whom Castor quickly seduces. As the plane turns and prepares to start its takeoff roll, the pilot suddenly sees a Humvee on the runway, driving towards them. Simultaneously, Pollux looks out the window just as multiple police cars and a helicopter suddenly appear behind the jet and give chase. Castor gets up from his seat and rushes into the cockpit to take a look at the oncoming vehicle. Not to his surprise, Archer is driving the car, and Tito is riding shotgun. At that point, Winters whips out her pistol and trains it on Castor. Pollux promptly throws his briefcase at her, holds her down, and beats her senseless. Castor puts a pistol to the pilot's head and orders him to fly the plane. The plane and Archer continue to close in on each other. It looks as if Archer is on a collision course with the landing gear, but he swerves at the last second and drives past the plane, then swings a U-turn to fall in line behind the plane. Archer then floors on the gas pedal. He has pulled up alongside the wings when the cabin door suddenly opens and Castor pushes the disarmed Winters out the door, and makes Archer watch him execute her with a bullet to the back. Archer stops the Humvee and promptly jumps into the helicopter, and takes off before Tito can protest. Seeing Archer closing in, Castor puts his pistol to the pilot's head and orders him to take off. Archer promptly lowers the helicopter and rams the skids against the left wing flaps, jamming them. The pilot makes several futile attempts to pull back on the throttles, until the flaps break off completely. Trying to see what is keeping his plane on the ground, Castor peeks out the wing exit door. He raises his pistol and fires at Archer. Several bullets pierce the glass, but Archer ducks down, unharmed. Castor ducks back inside, while Archer sticks his pistol out and shoots out the left engines. Sparks issue from the engines and the engine fire alarm goes off on the pilot's control panels. Castor promptly executes the pilot, takes his seat at the controls, and quickly diverts the plane off the runway, putting it on a collision course with a hangar. Castor powers down the throttles, just seconds before the nose of the plane smashes through the glass windows in the side of the hangar and sends debris and parts flying everywhere. Archer lands the helicopter as the other police units screech to a halt around the back of the plane and officers begin taking up positions. Sparks fly as Castor whips out twin pistols, jumps out of the plane, and opens fire. One agent standing on the wing of the plane is shot dead instantly, as is a cop standing on the ground. Pollux draws a submachine gun, fires a volley at Archer, and jumps out, following Castor. Archer jumps onto the roof of a police car and fires his pistol. Tito fires a submachine gun, driving Pollux further back into the hangar. Castor then breaks cover and fires both pistols rapidly. In the exchange, Loomis is hit, a bullet shearing off part of his left ear. Castor calls out to Pollux, but Archer shoots at a water hose pipe. The bullet bursts a joint in the pipe, spraying water into Pollux's face. Pollux is driven out from cover, at which point Tito grabs him from behind and shoves him into a wooden shipping crate. Wanda then kicks him in the chest, then throws him on his stomach and handcuffs him. Meanwhile, Castor ambushes and shoots a SWAT officer at point-blank range with his pistol, then uses the officer's shotgun to shoot another agent. He then turns to see Tito and Wanda handcuffing Pollux, who cries out to Castor. Castor ignores him and rushes deeper into the hangar. A few agents haul Pollux away while Archer and a group of agents and cops rush in and split up to search for him. Deeper in the hangar, Castor hides and lies in wait. Archer enters, his pistol drawn, searching between the stacks of shipping crates. He turns his weapon when he hears the echo of Castor reloading his pistol. Archer breaks cover and finds another agent, Berkeley, in the line of fire. He shouts a warning to Berkeley, but it comes too late. Castor turns and fires, hitting Berkeley in the back and killing him instantly. Archer fires once at Castor. Castor fires his shotgun at Archer, sending Archer scrambling for cover. Castor then drops the shotgun and draws his second pistol. Another agent, Buzz (Jamie Denton), draws his pistol and breaks cover. Archer tackles him to the ground just as Castor turns on Buzz and opens fire. Archer raises his pistol and his backup revolver and fires back at Castor. They continue firing until both run out of ammunition. Archer takes cover behind a wooden shipping crate and reloads his pistol. Simultaneously, Castor reloads his pistols. Hearing the sound of clicking, he looks up to see Castor standing above him. Archer scrambles behind some crates as Castor opens fire on him again. Archer shoots a hook tying a steel pulley chain to the ground, grabs the chain, and uses it to take the high ground as he fires at Castor. Castor slides down a ramp, firing and shooting a submachine gun-wielding agent. He lands next to an active turbine. Before Castor can stand up, Archer lands next to him and jams his pistol to his neck. Castor laughs and dares Archer to shoot him because he only has one round left in his weapon. They stand up and train pistols on each other. Engaged in a Mexican standoff, Castor tries to convince Archer to turn against his fellow men and try terrorism-for-hire, though it is clear he's trying to provoke Archer. Castor takes the opportunity to brag that he has a bomb that will deliver "Hell"-A the biblical plague it deserves, though Archer believes he is bluffing. Castor also brags that he knows Archer will just drive his family crazy now that his enemy will be locked up. Asking if Archer's daughter Jamie is "ripe", Castor tries to shoot Archer, but the magazine clicks empty. He gets on his knees and breaks down, seemingly scared, but it is actually an act as we see that he is using the opportunity to secretly grab a knife from his pocket. Then he breaks into a grin and dares Archer to pull the trigger, singing, "I'm ready! Ready for the big ride, baby!" He promptly stands up, knife in his right hand. Archer kicks Castor's hand, disarming him. He then kicks Castor into the backdraft of the turbine. Archer hits a button and the turbine produces a sudden blast of hot air that sends Castor flying backwards until he hits a ventilation grate and falls motionless. Archer returns home, and we see that his family life is less than optimal. His daughter Jamie gets in trouble a lot, and his relationship with his wife Eve seems somewhat distant due to all of the time he's spent looking for Castor. Nonetheless, he assures Eve that he will petition his boss to grant him a desk job so he can spend time rebuilding their relationship. Back at the office, the employees congratulate Archer as he slowly walks into the office, looking crestfallen. His secretary gives him a bottle of champagne that has been sent by the CIA to commend Archer for stopping Castor. Archer tries to refuse it, unhappy with the fact that it says "Just for you" and does not have the names of all the agents shot dead in the shootout. Archer logs onto his computer and presses some buttons to declare the Castor Troy case closed. He is interrupted when Tito and a Special Ops agent, Hollis Miller (C.C.H Pounder), come in. Miller produces a floppy disk found in Pollux's briefcase. Archer plugs it into his computer. Graphics of an animated woman come up to the tune of suggestive music, as well as the sound of audible moaning. The words "My name is Sinclaire, and I am going to blow you AWAY!" show up on the screen. As "AWAY!" shows up, the animated woman briefly flashes into a skeleton. Schematics of "Sinclaire" show up on the screen. Archer identifies it as a biological weapon. Miller warns that the fall out would be enough to flatten much of LA, and Archer realizes Castor was not bluffing about a biblical plague. Getting more information on the bomb, though, is more difficult because Pollux will only talk about the bomb with Castor, and Castor is presumably deceased. An attempt to interrogate Pollux about the bomb schematics fails due to Pollux fooling the polygraph, and Archer refuses to take Lazarro's suggestion that he just let the matter go. Miller tells Archer that they could put an undercover agent in a prison cell with Pollux to get him to slip information, but Archer shoots that down. Miller proposes that there might be an alternate solution. Miller takes Archer out to the Walsh Institute, a private medical institution that specializes in various types of state-of-the-art surgical operations. Archer enters the recovery ward, where, to his disbelief, he sees that Castor is in a medically induced coma and is on life support. Miller assures Archer that Castor is not going anywhere, demonstrating this by stubbing out her cigarette on Castor's skin, to which Castor does not even twitch. Miller, and the institute's director Dr. Malcolm Walsh (Colm Feore), give Archer an ambitious proposal: they would like Archer to take Castor's face and voice, then go into Erewhon Prison posing as Castor to extract information on "Sinclaire" from Pollux. Dr. Walsh reveals that he is capable of performing surgeries to alter the facial appearance or voice of a person. To demonstrate, he and Miller show Archer into the observation deck for another operating room where surgeons are working on Loomis, the agent shot in the ear during the shootout with Castor in the hanger. As Dr. Walsh continues talking, lasers are shown constructing a new earlobe, that is then surgically stitched onto the stump of Loomis's original ear. Dr. Walsh explains that the surgery they propose Archer undertake to become Castor is much less permanent than what Loomis is getting. He explains the more technical details: Archer's blood type does not match Castor's but this will not be something Pollux will notice, and the height difference is easy to correct. Archer's skin and eye pigment color is also close enough to Castor's to be a reasonable match. Laser shears will be used to trim Archer's hair to Castor's length and appearance, microplugs to build up additional chest hair, an abdominoplasty that rebuilds Archer's midsection to more closely resemble Castor's. Dr. Walsh then shows Archer the true innovation: a morphogenetic template, the inside of which is modeled on Archer's skull but has an exterior modeled to resemble Castor's face, meaning he won't feel any different at all. Archer finds the whole plan insane and starts to leave, but Miller stops him, reminding him that he has chased Castor for many years. He is convinced that getting Castor's gang to talk is easier, even though Miller warns him that Castor will effectively win if the bomb blows up. Archer decides to instead first try interrogating known associates of Castor's. On the first two guys he tries to interrogate, he grills them so intensely that one of them pees in his pants. Late at night, he interrogates Castor's longtime girlfriend Sasha Hassler (Gina Gershon). She refuses to talk at first, but Archer warns her that she is on probation for previous criminal charges including harboring Castor, and gets her to talk by threatening to put her son Adam up in a foster home. She finally claims that she hasn't seen Castor in years. Archer then interrogates Sasha's brother Dietrich (Nick Cassavetes), who functions as Castor's bomb and weapons supplier. Archer tells him that the bomb has his signature written all over it. Dietrich scoffs, stating Archer has no real evidence against him. Things go sour when Dietrich decides to insult Archer by asking him about his deceased son. Archer snaps with rage, tackles Dietrich to the floor, and jams the barrel of his pistol into Dietrich's eye. Dietrich finally admits that all he knows is that the bomb goes off on the 18th. As he watches Sasha and Dietrich leave the office, Archer is met again by Tito and Miller. Archer does not want to submit to the operation without Lazarro being notified, but Miller tells him that this is actually a black bag operation, meaning that it is classified and off-the-books (no paperwork), and Archer is not allowed to tell Lazarro or Eve anything about the mission. Feeling that he has nothing to lose, Archer accepts the mission. After giving farewells to Eve and Jamie, Archer heads to the Walsh Institute and prepares for the surgery. He gives Tito his wedding ring and tells him to hold onto it for safekeeping. He asks Dr. Walsh if he can also restore the scar from the bullet wound Archer received from Castor years ago after the operation is over. Dr. Walsh agrees. Archer leaves Tito and follows Dr. Walsh to prepare for sedation. The surgery begins. Archer and Castor are both sedated, then are wheeled into the operating room on separate tables. Dr. Walsh first uses a pen to trace the area of skin to be removed from Archer's face. He then uses a special laser to run along the line and isolate the skin. A suction cup is then lowered, and pulls off the entire section of skin comprising Archer's forehead, eyelids, nose, mouth, cheeks, and chin, exposing the raw muscles. Dr. Walsh then deposits the original skin on a facial template stored in a container of water to keep it from drying out. The same process is then repeated on Castor while a technician cuts Archer's hair. Castor's face is then put on top of Archer's exposed muscles and then connected to the rest of his skin muscles. Then the blood vessels are reconnected and the surgery is completed. A few days later, Castor is back in his own hospital bed, his head wrapped up in bandages like a mummy. Meanwhile, Archer (now played by Nicolas Cage) wakes up and his bandages are unwrapped. He freaks out upon seeing Castor's face in the mirror and tries to destroy it with the base of a coat hanger. He is quickly calmed down by Miller and Tito, who administer a sedative. Archer calms down, and he asks Tito and Miller to burn his new face once he's gotten the information he needs. Archer then notices that his voice hasn't changed yet. This problem is fixed with the next part of the operation. Dr. Walsh implants a microchip in Archer's larynx, and warns him to be careful as something as mundane as a sharp blow or violent sneeze could dislodge it. Dr. Walsh then plays back a short clip from an audiotape of Castor talking normally (in which he states "Peach. I could eat a peach for hours"), and instructs Archer to repeat back the line. It takes a few tries, but eventually Archer is able to get his voice to perfectly emulate Castor's. Archer is reminded that he has six days until the bomb goes off to get information from Pollux. Meanwhile, at the LA Convention Center, the bomb's clock continues counting down. Archer is next seen being led by Tito up to the helicopter landing pad where guards from the Erehwon Prison ("Nowhere" spelled in reverse) are waiting to pick him up. Tito tells him he has two days to get Pollux to talk, after which Miller will come in to withdraw him regardless. Archer is still complaining about an itch as he adjusts to his new face. Tito helps him by massaging his cheeks with his thumbs. Two prison guards grab Archer and begin leading him to the helicopter. He gives a longing look towards Buzz, Wanda, Loomis and Tito as they see him off. A blindfold is then lowered over Archer's face. When Archer's face is unmasked again, he is shirtless and under a bright spotlight in a dimly lit room, being watched over by several guards. The prison warden, Walton (John Carroll Lynch), comes in, shines a flashlight in Archer's face, and analyzes him, telling him, "You are now the property of Erewhon Prison. A citizen of nowhere. The Geneva Convention is void here; Amnesty International doesn't know we exist. When I say your ass belongs to me, I mean exactly that." Archer's feet are then clamped tight in magnetic boots tied to a field that allows the guards to monitor the location of every prisoner 24/7. Archer is then shown in the cafeteria line, trudging along as a nature channel plays images of various landscapes 24/7 on a large TV monitor. All of the inmates stop what they are doing upon seeing Archer. Archer comes dangerously close to blowing his own cover when he's stopped by another inmate that he recognizes as Burke Hicks, whom he arrested many years ago for stalking the UN Secretary General, a crime for which Hicks has always claimed he was framed. Archer is turning around and about to talk to Pollux when another inmate, a hulky Russian named Ivan Dubov, who seeks revenge on the real Castor ever since Castor had three-way sex with his wife and sister, attacks him. Dubov gives Archer an intense beating, throwing him around, leaving Archer with a bloody nose. After a brief moment to catch his breath, Archer regains his composure, and eventually gets the upper hand, defeating Dubov with a lunch tray. He's shocked at how close he's come to becoming the very likeness of his enemy. At the end of the fight, Archer's magnetic boots are clamped to the EM field and Walton prods him in the back with a stun gun. He then warns Dubov of the consequences he will face the next time he picks a fight with someone. Back at the Walsh Institute, the real Castor is still asleep. His heart rate begins accelerating, and then he suddenly bolts upright. He is stunned to find that his face is completely wrapped in bandages. He pulls them off and discovers that the skin on his face is gone, leaving the muscle exposed. He touches the exposed muscles to verify that he is not hallucinating. Despite being in great pain, he hobbles over to the edge of the room and sees Archer's old face floating in a jar. He calls Lars and Leo on a phone in his wing and tells them to come immediately. Lars and Leo abduct Dr. Walsh and transport him to the Institute in their car. They march him to the operating room at gunpoint, where they find Castor sitting in a chair, smoking a cigarette and watching the videotape of the surgery while listening to classical music (the video itself was recorded so Dr. Walsh could undo the surgery after the mission was completed). Watching the tape finish, Castor starts clapping, finding the entire thing very impressive. Castor advances towards Dr. Walsh, who, frightened, asks Castor what he wants. Castor claps his hands several times and we see his faceless face appear reflected in Dr. Walsh's glasses to reply, "Take one goddamn guess." Back at Erehwon, Archer sits down with Pollux and successfully manages to extract information from him about the bomb. Later, he is in his cell when a guard stops by to tell him that he has a visitor. Archer is escorted to the visitor's room. Once he is in the room, the magnetic boots are activated, securing Archer's feet to the floor. He is hoping the visitor is Miller and Tito coming to release him. Instead, to his shock, in walks Castor Troy (now played by John Travolta), wearing Archer's old face and business suit, and all too happy to see that Archer is locked up in prison under his name. He likens the effect as being like looking into a mirror, only not. He is mildly annoyed about having his face cut off to disturb his coma and thrusts a newspaper article into Archer's face about a recent fire that destroyed the Walsh Institute and killed Dr. Walsh and two of his lab technicians. Hearing the news from Castor, images flash through Archer's head of Dr. Walsh, Miller and Tito tied up and gagged on the floor of the Institute as Leo and Lars douse them with jugs of gasoline. One of them then flicks a Zippo lighter and drops it in a puddle of gasoline, starting a fire that burns them alive. Castor then flashes Archer's wedding ring into Archer's face, as he casually reveals that he has killed Tito, and has destroyed any evidence that Archer could potentially use to prove who he is. Now he has plans to abuse Archer's job and even make love to Eve. Archer does not take this well and immediately tries to strangle Castor with his bare hands, but is stopped when guards rush in and restrain him. Castor thanks Walton for saving him, then departs while Archer can only resign himself to his new predicament. Upon returning to the city, Castor immediately heads for his new house. As he is driving through the neighborhood, he looks in utter disbelief at all of the nicely manicured lawns and well-kept houses. He is distracted enough that he "accidentally" overshoots his own house right in front of Eve as she is walking to her car. He backs up to the curb, and smirks as his climbs out of the car. Eve chides Castor for finally forgetting where they lived. Castor insists that she give him a break, as every house looks the same. Eve asks Castor about his "vital assignment". Castor spaces out for a moment, but finally realizes that this refers to Archer's current impersonation of him, and gives a lie about an "out-of-body experience" (which in a way is partially true). He can't help but stare at her butt as she leaves for work at the hospital. Castor goes inside and sits down at a desk in the living room, to settle himself down in his new life. He quickly finds Eve's diary in a drawer. He is somewhat stunned, upon reading a recent entry, to find that Archer hasn't had sex with Eve in over two months. Before he can dwell on the matter, he is distracted upon hearing his favorite song "Papa's Got a Brand New Bag" playing from Jamie's bedroom. He heads upstairs to find Jamie talking on the phone with her boyfriend while smoking a cigarette in just her underwear and a cropped t-shirt. Castor quips, "Hmm, the plot thickens...." Jamie, angered at Castor's invasion of her privacy, tries to slam the door on him, but Castor forces his way in, itching for her hidden stash of cigarettes. He narrowly comes close to blowing his cover by calling her "Janie" until he notices her name stitched on her bed pillow and corrects himself. Jamie is confused why her "father" has taken up smoking, to which Castor explains, "You'll be seeing a lot of changes around here. Papa's got a brand new bag." He then slowly backs out of the room while singing along to the music. At Erehwon, Archer tries to come to terms with the reality that Castor has taken over his life. If anything could make him feel worse, it is when he learns that Castor has cut a "deal" with Pollux to turn state's evidence that also includes immediate release from jail. Pollux is taken to the FBI office, where Castor plays "good cop" by treating him to a gourmet meal. Castor comes into the observation room, where Wanda and Buzz offer him their condolences for Tito's death. Castor shrugs them off. There is a brief disturbance when Lazarro comes in and confronts Castor to point out that cutting a deal with a lowlife like Pollux is something the real Archer would never do. Castor dismisses him, claiming that he's trying "fresh tactics". After everyone else leaves the observation room, Castor switches off the videotape, then enters the interrogation room and turns off the microphone while reminding Pollux that he's supposed to be snitching. Pollux tells Castor that seeing Archer's face on him makes him want to cough up his tiramisu. Castor proposes that they can do better if Pollux just "confesses" to the location of the bomb, thinking he will look a lot more impressive and gain media attention that Archer will envy if he single-handedly disarms the bomb. Armed with Castor's "tip" from Pollux, the police converge on the Convention Center and hurriedly evacuate the building. Inside, Castor watches over two bomb squad technicians trying to disarm the bomb. There is one minute and 15 seconds remaining on the clock. The techs tell Castor that the codes are protected by a tamper switch that will take them several hours to bypass. Castor sternly orders them to leave. Once they are gone, he goes about disarming the bomb in dramatic flair. He bypasses the protective systems, then punches in the disarm code to deactivate the bomb with just two seconds remaining on the clock. Satisfied, he then closes the timer panel. After watching Castor being interviewed on CNN, Archer is shown sulking in his cell, clearly a broken man. At the FBI office, meanwhile, Castor revels in the glory as the other agents congratulate him for disarming the bomb. In contrast to Archer, who is known for usually darkening the mood of his victories by reminding his men of the agents killed in their gunfights, Castor is all smiles, wears his sunglasses indoors, and thanks his men for putting up with him for all the years he was an insufferable bore. Some of the agents, like Archer's partner Wanda, wonder if Castor just had surgery (which seems to strike a small chord with Castor). He is also more tender and affectionate with Eve than the real Archer is. For instance, when Castor is told by his secretary that the president and his wife are both on the phone trying to contact him, Castor asks her to put the president on hold. Desperate, Archer realizes that the only way he can stop Castor is to break out of prison, so he asks Burke Hicks about the odds of escape during exercise hour. Hicks tells him he can't escape: he can only get his boots off if he is taken down to the clinic to get shock treatment. Archer immediately notices a guard pulling out a pack of cigarettes and knowing that Castor smokes, he gets an idea. He breaks out of line, walks over to the guard, and demands a cigarette. When the guard orders him to get back in line, Archer punches him, instigating a fight with several other guards, who grab him and drag him away even as he yells to the incited inmates for someone to give him a match. Down in the clinic, Dubov is getting shock therapy in the chair, having apparently picked another fight and failed to heed Walton's warning following his earlier fight with Archer. When they are done with Dubov, they pull him out of the chair and Archer, being dragged by his shoulders, is put in the chair. He successfully manages to get Walton to light a cigarette for him. As they are securing him, Archer tells Dubov that he didn't touch Dubov's wife or sister and knows that they are waiting for him. The guards are about to put the arm restraints on Archer when Dubov suddenly clubs Walton over the back. Several guards hear the raucous and charge Dubov with batons. Dubov swiftly disarms each one of them, and Archer breaks free of the chair. A guard on the catwalk above opens fire with a submachine gun. Archer grabs a pistol and shoots him. Archer then takes cover as another guard appears and opens fire, forcing him into a corner. Dubov takes cover behind a stretcher. The guard fires at Dubov until Archer suddenly shoots him in the foot from below, and he collapses. The elevator doors open on the clinic floor and several guards appear. They open fire on Dubov and continue shooting until he shoves the gurney into them, disarming them. Seeing two more guards coming on the catwalk, Archer grabs a bottle of sulfuric acid from the medical supply cabinet and chucks it upwards. Archer then shoots the bottle in midair, causing a small explosion that knocks one guard off the catwalk and forces the other one to retreat. Archer and Dubov then jump up to the catwalk and start running. The other guard stands up, but Dubov takes the first guard's submachine gun and shoots him. Archer then climbs up a ladder, scales a wall, and jumps on another guard, tackling him, as a riot breaks out in the exercise hall. In the control room, panic breaks out as Dubov suddenly fires his submachine gun through the door. One guard fires at Archer as he runs along another catwalk, and continues firing until Dubov shoots him from behind. He then begins killing the guards in the control room until Archer arrives and orders him to stop. Archer tells the two remaining guards to leave, then sits down at the computer and starts typing in codes hoping to overload the security system. Before he can start, another guard opens fire on them, sending Archer diving for cover. Dubov fires his submachine gun and offs the guard and one other guard, and continues shooting until a third guard, who had taken cover, stabs him in the leg with a knife. Archer then frantically types codes in to disable the security system, as Dubov whips and overpowers the guard who stabbed him, then tosses him over the railing into the cafeteria. Sparks fly as Archer overloads the TV screen. Just then, a bloodied Walton appears on the cafeteria floor, raises a rifle at Dubov, and fires. Three bullets hit Dubov in his chest. Dubov flails around and falls over the edge. Archer grabs him by the barrel of his gun and tries to pull Dubov back up. However, Dubov is weakened by his wounds. His grip slips and he falls to his death. Walton fires up at Archer, but is stopped when Burke Hicks and a couple other inmates surround him and apparently beat him to death. Now safe, Archer makes his way up a stairway to the roof, only to find that the prison is an offshore oil platform in the Pacific Ocean just off the California shore. Before he can think about how he is out of luck, a helicopter appears. Archer runs and jumps off the edge of the helicopter platform as the gunner opens fire on him. Archer lands on the next deck down, and runs for the edge, only for the helicopter to show up and chase him back across the deck. He lands behind some oil cans. One shot causes a spark that lights Archer's feet on fire. Archer quickly removes his socks and does a running jump off the platform into the ocean. Archer does not surface and the helicopter pilots presume him deceased. Back at Castor's house, it is Michael's birthday. Castor is roped by Eve into going to Michael's grave. Castor watches Eve place some toys on the angel-shaped tombstone. She breaks down crying in Castor's arms. Castor appears to be ashamed of himself for his own actions. When Castor returns to his office later that day, he is told by his coworkers that Archer has escaped from prison. Suspicious, he asks to see the body. When he's told it has not been recovered, Castor realizes that Archer is alive and will be coming for him. After his jailbreak, Archer swims to shore. That night, still in his prison shirt, he steals a car from a valet parking lot, then drives over to the hospital where Eve works. He makes a call from the car phone and tries to warn Eve about Castor. However, his vocal chip causes him to speak with Castor's natural husky voice, which Eve does not recognize, instead of his real and much more nasally voice. She thinks someone is impersonating her husband and she hangs up on him. Frantic to alert someone he trusts to Castor's whereabouts, Archer calls the FBI office and asks to be put through to Lazarro, hoping to warn him, but to his dismay, he is transferred by the operator to Castor. Hearing Castor pick up the phone, Archer quickly hangs up and continues driving, switching off a radio report about the police manhunt Castor has declared on him. He then has to lower his head and make a quick right turn when he spots a police car approaching in front of him. Unable to alert any of his colleagues or his wife, Archer decides to drive to the penthouse apartment where Dietrich lives. In the apartment, Dietrich is in the middle of a phone call as he enters his apartment and is stunned, then delighted upon seeing Archer-as-Castor. He invites Archer in and takes him upstairs to the second floor of the apartment, where several of Castor's old buddies and their girlfriends are hanging out. They all are pleased to see "Castor". Archer sits down in a chair and Dietrich hands him a box containing some of Castor's regular contraband: several joints, prescription pills, a box of Chiclets, a money clip, and two gold-plated pistols (identical to the ones Castor was utilizing during the earlier shootout with Archer when they both had their original faces). He takes a moment to pick up the pistols to see how they feel and forces himself to take drug-laced water. Dietrich asks Archer what he plans to do. Archer declares that he's going to use their help to take down Castor. Castor's other accomplices point out that "Archer" is a supercop, leading Archer to disclose details about himself, like the fact that his own house security code is the same as Michael's birthday. To explain how he knows so much about himself, Archer explains that "he" sleeps with Castor's wife. As to what he plans to do once he abducts Castor, Archer claims he wants to take Castor's face....off and stick it on himself. Naturally, Castor's pals think Archer is just spouting pure gibberish. Feeling his body rejecting the drugs, Archer dismisses himself from the conversation and rushes to the bathroom. He tries to rinse his face clean, then he looks in the mirror and immediately draws one of his pistols on the reflection. Archer quickly talks himself out of his panic attack, and is interrupted by the arrival of Sasha. She glowers at him as he turns around, a slasher-style grin frozen on his face. He insists that he is not dead, at which point Sasha slaps him. Meanwhile, Castor is in his living room and in the middle of a heated phone call with Pollux. He reminds Pollux that once he is able to use Archer's job to get rid of their criminal rivals, he'll be set and get his old face back. He is interrupted by music, walks over to the window and sees Jamie's boyfriend Karl (Danny Masterson) pulling up in the driveway with Jamie in tow. As Jamie prepares to get out of the car, Karl attempts to advance on her. She turns him down, however Karl gets more insistent and more forceful in his advances. Seeing the struggle, Castor quickly hangs up the phone on Pollux. Karl has forced himself onto Jamie and is holding her down when Castor suddenly smashes the window with his foot, pulls him out of the car, and then gives him a vicious beating, before slamming his head against the roof and ordering him to apologize. After extracting an apology, Castor throws him aside one last time for good measure. Minutes later, Castor is talking to Jamie about the incident. As they talk, Castor begins to see past the exterior Jamie has put put in front of her family and sees what really is bothering her inside (something the real Archer has failed to notice): she has never come to terms with Michael's death at Castor's hands, has outwardly blamed Archer for not doing a better job in protecting their family and has mistrusted him since. As consolation, and not wanting to see Jamie get hurt, he gives her a butterfly knife for "protection", and instructs her to, if she gets attacked, stab the would-be attacker in the thigh and twist the blade so that the wound won't be able to close. Back at Dietrich's penthouse, Archer is shirtless and lying facedown on a bed, with Sasha sitting next to him. He is woken up when Sasha nibbles his shoulder, and mistakenly addresses her as Eve. Realizing she's not Eve, he bolts awake and instinctively grabs one of his pistols. Sasha takes off Archer's pants and tries to make advances on him. Archer naturally freaks out. Unbeknownst to either of them, Pollux is standing on a roof across the street watching them through binoculars. Amused to see that Archer is beginning to "enjoy" being his enemy, he phones Castor. Archer is finally able to get Sasha off him and puts on a leather jacket. She tells him to leave, recalling threats Archer made with his original face to put her son Adam up in a foster home. Upon seeing Adam, Archer is surprised to learn that Castor is Adam's biological father, something the real Castor has never had knowledge of. He immediately begins to regret threatening her, realizing that Sasha is just a single mother struggling to raise Adam to avoid a criminal life. Meanwhile, alerted to Archer's whereabouts, Castor sends an FBI SWAT team to take up positions on the rooftop across the street and train submachine guns at the windows of the penthouse. Inside, Archer learns that Adam is five years old, almost the same age his own son Michael was when he died, and also learns that Sasha has kept the fact that Adam is Castor's son a secret, fearing someone would hurt Adam to get to Castor. Sasha encourages Adam to meet his "father". Archer puts his hand on Adam's face and immediately has a flashback, recalling running his hand over Michael's face on a carousel ride just before his death. Seeing so much of Michael in Adam, Archer accidentally blurts his real son's name while hugging Adam, to Sasha's confusion. Sasha quickly grabs Adam and pulls him away from Archer, asking Archer what is wrong with him. On cue, an FBI agent across the street fires a grenade launcher. A smoke grenade suddenly crashes through the bedroom window. Archer quickly pulls Sasha and Adam to the ground as the SWAT team opens fire with submachine guns, raking the windows with bullets. The men and women gathered in the loft immediately panic. Dietrich, Aldo and the other thugs quickly grab their weapons. While taking cover behind the bed, Archer quickly grabs Adam's headset, muffling the shots so that he hears "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" playing instead. While this happens, an officer can be heard on megaphone ordering the inhabitants to surrender. In the living room, a SWAT officer smashes one of the skylights and rappels in, firing a submachine gun. Just before his feet hit the ground, Dietrich raises a shotgun and shoots him. As another agent fires a submachine gun from the roof, Archer grabs Adam and he and Sasha rush into the other room. Another SWAT officer rappels through the side window. One thug covers Archer, Adam and Sasha and fires his pistol to drive the officer back. Some other SWATs burst in through the front doors, but this thug dives to the ground and fires a submachine pistol, forcing them to retreat. Meanwhile, Dietrich uses his shotgun to shoot another SWAT officer on the second floor, sending the officer crashing through the railing. The officer lands on the lower level, dead, just feet from where Archer and Sasha have taken cover. Archer is shocked to see one of his own colleagues die in front of him. Sasha grabs the officer's submachine gun and she and Archer start to run. As several more of Castor's men burst in, Archer aims a pistol and yells at them to hold their fire. Surprisingly, the officers comply. Archer and Sasha then dive for cover as the officers fire on Dietrich. Dietrich picks them off with individual shotgun rounds. The other thugs then shoot at the officers in a vicious exchange of gunfire. An officer then rappels through a window near Archer. Archer kicks him back through the window, then when the officer swings back into the apartment, hits him across his visor, knocking him out. Dietrich then yells to Archer to hand him Adam. As Sasha exchanges submachine gun fire with a SWAT officer, Archer hands Adam over to Dietrich, who takes him to the bedroom. The officer Sasha was shooting at is eventually hit several times and falls dead. She then rushes one of the other women up the stairs to safety. Another officer starts to pursue them, but Archer raises a pistol and shoots him in the knee, knocking him down. As Adam rides the shootout out, we see a timelapse montage pass as the thugs and the SWAT officers exchange fire and "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" drowns out shouting and gunfire. Officers and thugs alike are both shot dead in the furious gun battle. The montage ends when Archer grabs Adam from his hiding place just as an officer opens fire on him. Archer hands Adam over to Sasha, who rushes downstairs to the lobby. As she enters the lobby, Archer's partner Buzz, wearing a balaclava, corners them with a pistol. She promptly kicks him and disarms him. Buzz climbs to his feet and prepares to fire on Sasha, when Archer suddenly collars him, puts a pistol to his head and orders him to drop his weapon. Instinctively, Buzz complies. Archer then spins him around, pulls off his balaclava, and is stunned to recognize him. Before he can explain anything to Buzz, he hears Dietrich approaching. Buzz tries to grab Archer's pistol, but Archer swiftly disarms him and knocks him unconscious, then shoots the ground next to him just as Dietrich, who has just shot a few more SWAT officers, arrives. Just then, they hear footsteps. Archer has his pistol drawn and sees Castor stealthily walking down a flight of steps. Castor raises his pistol and aims it at Archer. Detecting Sasha moving, he aims his gun in her direction. When he draws a bead on her, Dietrich notices and quickly moves in the way just as Castor fires. The bullet hits Dietrich in the side of his neck. Clutching the wound with his right hand, he tells Sasha to run and exchanges a quick kiss on the cheek before she goes. Archer arrives, but it's too late to save Dietrich. Dietrich thanks Archer for the good times they had before he collapses and bleeds to death. Archer grabs Dietrich's submachine gun and heads into the front lobby. He gets a glimpse of Castor running through a back pathway. Archer raises his submachine gun and fires a burst at Castor, shattering several mirrors. There is a moment of silence, then in a mirror, Archer spots Castor running in the opposite direction, spins around, and fires another volley. There is complete silence as Archer drops his submachine gun and trades it for his pistol, while Castor backs up against the opposite side of the mirror panel and quips that he doesn't know which he hates wearing worse: Archer's face or his body. He offers to trade their faces back and surrender, but Archer replies "You can't give back what you've taken from me." Castor then decides to go to Plan B: kill each other. Archer and Castor each train a pistol on their reflection, trained at the other. Both men open fire simultaneously, bullets shattering the glass. Archer suddenly is thrown, a bullet hitting him in the side. The two continue to exchange fire until Loomis arrives with a Commando rifle in hand. Loomis fires on Archer, driving Archer up the stairway and sending Castor diving for cover. Up on the roof, Pollux sees Archer arrive. He climbs up onto a vent, while Archer climbs onto a rope dangling from a crane. As Pollux raises his pistol and prepares to shoot, Archer slams into him, sending Pollux flying before crashing through the skylight. Down below, Castor takes cover as Pollux and lots of glass shards come plummeting towards him. Castor looks up, sees Archer dangling, and fires several rounds, sending Archer fleeing. Castor then looks down and sees Pollux lying on the ground, dead. He immediately breaks down crying. Suddenly Loomis appears, and not knowing that he's talking to Castor, he asks him why he is shedding tears for the likes of Pollux Troy. Castor snaps with rage, raises his pistol and promptly shoots Loomis in the face. Castor then takes notice of Pollux's untied shoelaces. In brotherly fashion, he delicately reties Pollux's shoes and departs. The next morning, Castor returns to his office, dazed. He blows off his secretary as she informs him that he has made TIME Magazine's "Man of the Year" segment, then sits down in his office chair to brood about Pollux's death. Seconds later, an agitated Lazarro comes in to inform him that after the unnecessary carnage from his shootout with Archer at Dietrich's apartment, he's terminating Castor's war on crime. Lazarro fails to see a hint of anger suddenly flash across Castor's face as he queries as to how Castor happens to suddenly know so much about his own men's movements. Seeing Lazarro clutch his chest from palpitations, Castor stands up, checks to make sure no one in the office is looking, and admits to Lazarro that he'll give the taxpayers a break, but he has something he wants to confess to Lazarro, something he knows the director won't like. He promptly snarls into Lazarro's ear his true identity, then knocks Lazarro to the ground with a cut to the back of the neck. As Lazarro lies on the floor, Castor punches him in the heart hard enough that it stops completely. Collecting himself, Castor calls his secretary to tell her that Lazarro has just suffered a fatal heart attack. Archer, meanwhile, breaks into his own house, narrowly avoiding the police officers that Castor has had placed outside to watch for him, and enters as Eve is coming out of the shower. Eve naturally does not take it easily seeing her husband's worst enemy's face, but Archer is able to keep her from making any noise that could attract the attention of the police officers in the house. He explains to her the exact details of the assignment he had been sent away on, how he was given Castor's face through plastic surgery to get information about one of Castor's crimes. After telling her what has happened, he admits that while she doesn't have to believe a word he says, there is one way Eve can validate Archer's claims: Archer's blood type is O+ and Castor's blood type is AB-. When Castor comes home from work that night, he finds Eve working at her computer. He notices that she is looking tense and realizes that Archer has visited her and told her about him. Once Castor is asleep, Eve quietly and stealthily injects a needle into his left arm and draws some of his blood. She then sneaks out of the house and drives over to the hospital. Once there, she puts a couple of blood drops onto a plate and runs it through a hemoglobin test. She gasps as the results come back that say her sample is AB-, meaning she has been sleeping with Castor. Just then, Archer comes into the room, still clutching the bullet wound Castor gave him at Dietrich's apartment. Eve suddenly draws a revolver on him, saying she doesn't know who to trust. Archer realizes that she's holding his backup service weapon. Although Eve still appears skeptical of Archer's story, once he tells her the story of how they had their first kiss, she eventually realizes the truth. However, once all this is done, Archer promises to make it up to her and Jamie for all the neglect of emotions he put them through. Eve then sets forth on stitching up Archer's wound in the emergency room. Archer is aware that Lazarro has died, and also knows that the chain of succession means that he technically becomes the new acting director of the Los Angeles field office. As Castor is in Archer's place, that makes him virtually untouchable. Eve tells him that won't be the case the next day, as Castor will be at Lazarro's funeral. Archer tells Eve to get herself and Jamie away from Castor as soon as possible. Eve is not sure, as she can handle an excuse for Jamie, but she's expected to go to the funeral as well, and if Castor doesn't see her, he will be suspicious. Almost as if on cue, there is a commotion outside. Aware that Eve has snuck out, Castor has arrived with Leo and Lars and is scouring the hospital looking for Archer. Eve quickly hides Archer as Castor pulls back curtain after curtain looking for his foe. When he pulls back the curtains around Eve, to his disappointment he finds her apparently in the middle of attending to a burn patient. She makes up a story about being on-call for that night. Castor apparently accepts her story and departs with his thugs. Once out of earshot from Eve, Castor quips, "Lies, deceit, mixed messages... this is turning into a real marriage." The next day, Sasha and Archer track Castor to Lazarro's funeral, where Castor is holding Archer's wife and daughter Jamie hostage. Castor reveals that Michael's death was an accident and he was trying to kill Archer himself. However, he took it personally and advises him to either kill himself or let it go. Archer tells him no father would let go until the one responsible paid for it with his life. Castor replies neither would a brother. Sasha retorts not even a sister and gives Archer (as Castor) the gun. With Eve caught in the middle, everyone is engaged in a Mexican standoff. A gunfight then ensues in which Sasha and all of Castor's minions are killed. Having taken a bullet to save Archer, Sasha begs him not to let Adam grow up to be a criminal. Archer agrees to keep his promise to her as she dies in his arms and Eve feels sorry for her. Castor and Archer engage in both a gun battle and hand-to-hand fight, with Archer gaining the upper hand. Jamie finds a gun and shoots at Archer (as Castor), believing him to be the real Castor, and wounds him in the shoulder, allowing the real Castor to break free. He takes Jamie as his hostage and licks her face as he mentions peaches. However, she gets him to let her go by stabbing him in the leg with the balisong, ironically a trick which he taught her earlier himself. Eve comforts her as Castor makes his escape by shooting two FBI members as Archer pursues him. Castor manages to escape in a boat, pursued by Archer. After a lengthy chase both Archer and Castor's boats are destroyed and they are thrown ashore by an explosion resulting from their boats' collisions. The two engage in a final hand-to-hand confrontation which results in Archer eventually prevailing by killing Castor with a spear gun, (which leaves Castor in the same position as the statue shown earlier of Jesus on the cross) but not before Castor tries to destroy Archer's face (on himself) to prevent Archer reclaiming it. Eve is able to explain the entire situation to the FBI and successfully convince them of Archer's true identity. Archer is then taken to the hospital where a team of Washington D.C.'s finest doctors does his surgery and his face is restored, with the exception of his chest scar which served as a reminder of the loss of his son as he doesn't "need it anymore", due to Castor's death. After the restoration surgery, Archer (once again played by John Travolta) now wearing his original face and voice, comes home and hugs Eve and Jamie. Jamie apologizes for shooting him, but he tells her that she made the right decison because her bullet actually disloged the vocal microphone that turned his voice into Castor's. He is proud of the way she stood up to Castor when she stabbed him on his leg. Soon after, he brings Adam Hassler, Castor's son with Sasha, into his family, in order to fulfill his promise to her in not allowing him to grow up as criminal. Jamie acccepts him as her new brother and shows him to his new room. Eve agrees to adopt him with Sean, knowing that Michael has moved on and Adam can use a new home.
tt0278504
Drama,Mystery,Thriller
The film begins with an opening title and credits showing shots of white fabric of a person's clothes being crimsoned with someone's blood purposely applied by an unseen figure in a flashback to an earlier event interlaced with overhead shots of the Alaskan frontier. Weary detective Will Dormer is seen seated in a charter plane arriving in a small town called Nightmute, Alaska alongside his younger partner, Detective Happy Eckhart. Upon leaving the plane they are met by beaming young detective Ellie Burr who is a self-confessed fan of Dormer's earlier investigations and work, much to Eckhart's obvious annoyance. Upon arriving at the station, Dormer, Burr, and Eckhart look over the body of 17 year old Kay Connell, who they were sent from Los Angelas to assist the local police in their investigation at the request of an old friend of Dormer's police Chief Nyback. Upon examining the body as well as Kay's room, Dormer deduces that the washed hair and clipped nails, as well as the dress worn by the corpse indicates that her murderer killed her and was respectful of the body. Dormer notices expensive dresses in Kay's room as well as a photo of Kay's friend Tanya, as well as Kay's boyfriend Randy. Dormer deduces that Kay had an admirer and decides to question Randy, only to be told that it was 10:00 at night- despite being bright as day. Dormer and Eckhart visit a restaurant where they sit down to order food. Eckhart and Dormer engage in a discussion which soon becomes hostile as Eckhart reveals that back in LA, Dormer is under investigation by Internal Affairs for using questionable evidence to convict a criminal- which he may or may not have done. Eckhart tells Dormer that once the case is over, he will testify against Dormer in exchange for immunity, despite Dormer protesting that many criminals he helped bring down can be freed from their sentences if their cases were reopened. Dormer also expresses that no matter what he has done, it was for the good of other people. Echkhart sticks to his guns however and remains unshaken. Dormer leaves in a huff as the hotel manager as well as waitress, Rachel Clement, arrives, stating that he has lost his appetite. The next day, Dormer connects with Burr and is charmed by her interests and aspirations as a detective. Dormer and Eckhart pull Randy out of class and interrogate him. Dormer notices that Tanya is concerned with the investigation. Dormer interrogates Randy who remains cold until Dormer states that he knows of Randy's abusive relationship as well as the fact that Kay was seeing someone else, who Randy confesses that Kay was secretive about that she never told him no matter how hard he beat her. Dormer and Eckhart investigate further, after Dormer encourages Burr to double check her evidence as well as very little detail, which she will later take into consideration. Dormer looks over Kay's possessions and sees that she collected novels from a certain author. Dormer continues to try reaching out to Eckhart, implying his innocence by saying, "Just because he picks up a bag doesen't mean he is a murderer" to which Eckhart remains cold and unshaken. A rivalry subtly deepens between the two. Dormer and a team of local police lure the murderer into a hunting shack in a nearby foggy forest. The suspect fires a shot and wounds a local officer. The suspect flees into the fog as Dormer and Eckhart give chase. The two split up and are separated. Dormer notices he is being followed by the suspect and sees an armed silhouette in the fog nearby. He fires and the figure falls down, fatally wounded. Dormer rushes up to the fallen figure and discovers to his horror that he has shot Eckhart, who is confused by everything that has happened. Dormer confesses to Eckhart that it was he who shot him, which horrifies the profusely bleeding Eckhart who shrieks and struggles against Dormer despite Dormer's frantic attempts to stem the bleeding of his wounds. Eckhart dies painfully as Dormer tries to help him before the police arrive. A distraught Dormer tells the authorities that it was the killer who shot Eckhart, keeping from them the true information, knowing that Internal Affairs will never believe it was an accident. Dormer does not tell the authorities that he carries with him a .38 caliber pistol. Burr gets moved onto Eckhart's murder case, much to Dormer's increased nervousness. Dormer calls up Eckhart's wife Trish and relays to her the news of her husband's death. Trish breaks down and orders Dormer to kill the murderer of her husband and to not arrest him. Suffering from hi inability t sleep due to the never-ending brightness of the sky, as well as guilt over killing Eckhart, Dormer however keeps his cool when confronting the wounded officer. He tells the officer that the killer of Kay Connell is the only one to blame for the trouble that has happened. Dormer is haunted by visions of a disappointed Eckhart watching him from a distance as Burr's team investigates the area, finding a .38 caliber bullet in the rocks. Dormer returns to the hotel where Rachel gives him a phone, telling him that another detective is on the line. Dormer answers and discovers it is another investigator who will testify against Dormer once he returns to L.A who states he would like to see Dormer's report on Eckhart's death. Worn down by physical tiredness, stress, and guilt, as well as nervousness of being discovered, Dormer verbally assaults the caller as Rachel looks on in concern. Dormer sees a carcass of a dog in an alleyway and shoots it with his .38. He retrieves the bullet and cleans it, bringing it to the morgue with him where he sees Eckhart being covered by the medical examiner. He receives the 9 mm bullet that killed Eckhart and swaps it with his .38 used bullet. Suffering from his insomnia, Dormer visits the police station has struggles with overhearing loud noises. Burr brings to him a report closing Eckhart's death case which Dormer is tempted to sign and finalize. However, listening to his conscience, Dormer refuses and encourages Burr to recheck her evidence telling her that Eckhart's death is not to be taken lightly. He returns to his hotel room and attempts to sleep once more by taping a curtain over his windows. However, the bright sun keeps him awake once again. Burr goes over her evidence and discovers that there were facts she had overlooked regarding Eckhart's death. Eckhart attempts to sleep but is haunted by memories of tampering with evidence and killing Eckhart. As he is finally about to fall asleep, a phone call awakens him. "Can't sleep Will?" says a chilling voice at the end of the line. The caller reveals that he saw Will Dormer kill his partner, and dropped his .38- which Dormer picked up. Dormer tries to keep the man on the line but the man hangs up stating, "We're partners on this." The next day at Kay's funeral, Dormer notices Tanya and Randy together. He offers Tanya a ride home in his truck, to which she agrees. As they are driving, Dormer attempts to question Tanya, only for her to try and seduce him. However, he frightens her into compliance by driving on the wrong side of the highway, nearly getting totaled by an oncoming semi truck. He brings her to a dump where Kay's body was found and Tanya weeps, confessing that at the time Kay was killed, Randy was cheating on her with Tanya and that because of it, Tanya will not give Randy an alibi. Dormer discovers on his own that Kay was visiting her favorite Crime author, Walter Finch who lives nearby in the vicinity. Dormer receive more calls from the mysterious man on the phone and deduces that the caller is the killer, Finch. Dormer finds Finch's apartment in the town of Umkumiut. After appeasing Finch's barking dogs, Dormer waits for Finch to arrive but Finch arrives and discovers the police are present, and flees. Dormer gives chase and Finch runs across a river waterlogged with cut timber. Dormer falls through the logs while pursuing Finch and almost drowns. He escapes and returns to Finch's apartment, having nowhere else to really go. While waiting, the phone rings and Finch encourages Dormer to make himself at home to his shower and his bed. Dormer answers and they agree to meet each other on a ferry outside of Nightmute to discuss what to do of the present issue as well as instructions to feed his dogs as they are on a diet. Finch never returns and a defeated Dormer returns to the police department, but not before hiding Finch's .38 pistol in Finch's vent to frame him. Burr tells Dormer that she has deduced that Finch is a suspect- to which he pretends to be impressed by. Dormer enters the ferry where he meets Finch who says, "I'm not who you think I am." Finch explains that ever since he was a little boy he was fascinated by cops when his grandmother was met by one after her purse was stolen. Finch tries to appeal to Dormer saying that Kay's death was all an accident, only for Dormer to not buy into his pleas. However, Finch explains that Dormer has blood on his hands as well, having killed his partner- explaining that the two have committed accidents. Finch appeals to Dormer's original beliefs that his job and actions have made people safe, should the truth of Dormer's killing of Eckhart gets out, all of Dormer's work will be for nothing. Dormer then agrees temporarily to Finch's terms and warns him of the interrogation coming up. Finch proposes they shift the blame of Kay's murder on Randy, and states that they need a "Wild Card," something that will be a pressure on anything that gets in the way of their plans. As the ferry makes its stop, Finch steps out and flashes a tape recorder at Dormer- revealing that he had recorded their entire conversation. "Wild Card!" he shouts, as Dormer stares on in weary defeat. Dormer returns to his hotel room where he has a vision that he saw Eckhart clearly and shot him on purpose. Finch calls up to discuss their further machinations. Dormer insists that should they trust each other, Dormer will need to know the truth of how Finch killed Kay. Finch reluctantly agrees and tells him that Kay appeared at Finch's home, distraught and drunk, explaining of how Tanya and Randy were "carrying on." Finch tried to calm her, and lost a hold of himself and kissed her. Kay laughed at him and, with his pride hurt, Finch lashed out, striking her. Seeing her look of betrayal and fearing for his relationship with her, her lost self control and beat her to death, knowing "there was no turning back." Finch breaks down slightly and cries a little before coming to a form of peace from his confession, telling Dormer, "I will be able to sleep now." Finch offers to hear Dormer's confession of killing Eckhart, but Dormer hangs up, knowing he must keep his wits about him. Dormer meets with Burr, who notices his degradation and tells him in an effort to boost his morale, "A good cop can't sleep because he's missing a piece of the puzzle, a bad cop can't sleep because his conscience won't let him." Finch is interrogated at police headquarters and it goes smoothly until Dormer steps in and loses his temper, finding himself unable to agree to Finch's plans to frame Randy. During the interrogation, Fuinch pushes the blame upon Randy, stating that Randy had a .38 pistol, which he kept hidden "in a heating vent" subtly revealing to Dormer that he knows Dormer was attempting to frame Finch. Dormer accuses Finch of having sexual feelings towards Kay and verbally assaults him before lashing out. Dormer is removed from the room and rushes over to Randy's home, where he attempts to uncover the pistol to clear Randy's name before the search party arrives. He scours Randy's room but is fruitless in his search for the weapon. The search party arrives and finds the .38 caliber gun in a pail of motor oil- only seconds before almost finding Dormer. Randy arrives and is swiftly arrested. Dormer meets with Finch and Finch explains that Dormer was trying reveal Finch's machinations to the cops ever since pretending to work with him. Dormer takes Finch's tape away and destroys it, before assaulting Finch, threatening to kill him. Finch refuses to take responsibility for killing Kay and Dormer asks if killing Finch would be an accident. Finch states, "If you want it to be." Dormer's conscience wins over and he leaves Finch alone, only for Finch to explain that the tape he destroyed was the only physical evidence that proves Finch's guilt. The two leave and Dormer sinks back in weariness. Burr searches the surrounding woods where Eckhart was killed and finds a 9 mm shell casing- which conflicts with the .38 caliber bullet Dormer planted in evidence. She asks Dormer for his opinion, only for him to state that the case is closed, much to her rising suspicion. As Dormer prepares to leave, Burr embraces him in farewell, and feels that he has a 9 mm. gun concealed in his clothes. Finch invites Burr to his lake house where he says he has evidence of Randy's abuse of Kay via letters she wrote to Finch, fearing for her life. A careless and distraught Dormer returns to his hotel room, where he is haunted by flashes of memories of him planting false evidence to condemn a killer as well as the ghost of Eckhart who eyes him in disapproval. Dormer arranges his luggage to leave and tries one last time to get some sleep, only for the bright sun to keep shining through his window. Having had enough, Dormer rips apart cushions and furniture and stacks a barricade of articles against the window, only for Rachel to arrive and ask him what he is doing. Dormer explains that it is too bright in there to which Rachel explains that it is in fact dark in his room, before turning on the electric lights, which nearly blind Dormer, who asks to to turn the lights off, to which she complies. Rachel rearranges the room as a weary and defeated Dormer sits on the bed and explains that a pedophile named Wayne Dobbes kidnapped a young boy and held him captive in his apartment where he "made him do things" before hanging the boy to death after 3 days of molestation. The case was about to be thrown out as through coincidence there was not enough evidence to convict Dobbes. Dormer explains that the judge could not understand a killer like Dormer could, and that justice needed to be served. Dormer therefore fabricated evidence by spreading blood samples on Dobbe's apartment, revealing the truth behind the scene at the beginning of the crimes. Dobbes was then convicted and killed for his crimes and since then, Dormer has been under investigation by Internal Affairs for his actions. Rachel listens in silence, looking at Dormer with concern. Dormer concludes that Hap Eckhart spearheaded the investigation against Dormer. Dormer concludes his story saying "the end justifies the means." Upon hearing Dormer's confession, Rachel states that she is in no position to judge him and explains that she came to Alaska to escape her life earlier. Dormer begs for her opinion of his actions and she replies, "I guess it's about what you thought was right at the time, and what you're willing to live with." Dormer hears this, and comes to a state of peace and understanding. Dormer washes his hands and looks at himself in the mirror, leaving his room, pausing once to look at Rachel napping peacefully on the bed. Burr goes to Finch's lake house at Lake Kgun where Finch has not yet fabricated the letters he claimed to have received and asks fearfully. He deduces that she has realized Dormer's hand in the death of Eckhart. He knocks her unconscious. A relapsing Dormer drives to Lake Kgun, almost becoming hypnotized by the windshield wipers and almost crashing his car. Dormer arrives and Finch explains that Burr knows Dormer killed Eckhart and proposes they do something about it. Not wanting to be roped into another murder, Dormer holds Finch at gunpoint as Burr comes to. Dormer suffers from hallucinations from lack of sleep, and Finch takes advantage of this, beating him to the floor savagely. Burr intervenes and Finch retreats to his fishing shack. Burr holds Dormer at gunpoint, stating she knows he killed Eckhart. Dormer confesses that he did so, and it was an accident, as he could not see Eckhart through the fog. However, he confesses that he is now unsure of whether it was an accident or not. Burr believes he is innocent, but then the two are attacked from the fishing shack by Finch. Burr distracts Finch by exchanging gunfire as Dormer sneaks into the shack from behind. After a brief scuffle, Finch and Dormer exchange weapons in a confusing debacle. "Forget the Wild Card," Finch states as he aims Dormer's 9 mm at Dormer. The two shoot each other at the same time, the shotgun blowing Finch's stomach open as Dormer is shot in the chest by his own gun. Finch looks down at his fatal wound before falling lifelessly into the frigid waters of the lake under the fishing hole. Dormer watches Finch's dead body sink below the frigid waters of the lake into the darkness. Dormer staggers out onto the dock where Burr arrives and tries to help him. Knowing that he is dying, she takes out the 9 mm casing, saying that she knows Dormer did not mean to shoot Eckhart and that "Nobody has to know." She prepares to throw the casing into the lake but Dormer stops her, insisting that the world needs to know the truth and that Burr do the right thing, instructing her, "Don't lose your way." Dormer dies peacefully in Ellie Burr's arms, saying quietly, "Let me sleep." The film ends with Ellie Burr standing on the dock, after placing the casing back in the evidence bag. She looks ahead determined, looking down with reverence at her dead hero who died preventing her from making the mistakes of doing the wrong things for the right reasons as he had done. After the end credits, the film's title "Insomnia" appears once more before fading to darkness.
tt0114388
Drama,Romance
This is yet another adaption of Jane Austin's book Sense and Sensibility. It is set in the neo-Classicism era, this is plainly seen in the style of dress by women and men, as well as the architecture of the wealthy houses. When Mr. Dashwood dies, his wife and three daughters - Elinor, Marianne and Margaret - are dismayed to learn that their inheritance consists of only 500 a year, with the bulk of the estate of Norland Park left to his son John from a previous marriage. John's scheming, greedy, snobbish wife Fanny immediately installs herself and her spouse in the palatial home and invites her brother Edward Ferrars to stay with them. She frets about the budding friendship between Edward and Elinor and does everything she can to prevent it from developing. Sir John Middleton, a cousin of the widowed Mrs. Dashwood, offers her a small cottage house on his estate, Barton Park in Devonshire. She and her daughters move in. It is here that Marianne meets the older Colonel Brandon, who falls in love with her at first sight. Competing with him for her affections is the dashing but deceitful John Willoughby, who steals Marianne's heart. Unbeknownst to the Dashwood family, Brandon's ward is found to be pregnant with Willoughby's child, and Willoughby's aunt Lady Allen disinherits him. He moves to London, leaving Marianne heartbroken. Sir John's mother-in-law, Mrs. Jennings, invites her daughter and son-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Palmer, to visit. They bring with them the impoverished Lucy Steele. Lucy confides in Elinor that she and Edward have been engaged secretly for five years, thus dashing Elinor's hopes of romance with him. Mrs. Jennings takes Lucy, Elinor, and Marianne to London, where they meet Willoughby at a ball. They learn that he is engaged to the extremely wealthy Miss Grey; and the clandestine engagement of Edward and Lucy comes to light. Edward's mother demands that he break off the engagement. When he refuses, his fortune is taken from him and given to his younger brother Robert. On their way home to Devonshire, Elinor and Marianne stop for the night at the country estate of the Palmers, who live near Willoughby. Marianne cannot resist going to see his estate and walks five miles in a torrential rain to do so. As a result, she becomes seriously ill and is nursed back to health by Elinor. After Marianne recovers, the sisters return home. They learn that Miss Steele has become Mrs. Ferrars and assume that she is married to Edward, who arrives to explain that Miss Steele has unexpectedly wed Robert Ferrars. Edward is thus released from his engagement. Edward proposes to Elinor and becomes a vicar, while Marianne falls in love with and marries Colonel Brandon. In the distance, Mr. Willoughby watches from his horse on the hill, regretting his choice of money over his love, Marianne.
tt0976051
Drama,Romance
The movie begins in 1995 Berlin, where a well-dressed man named Michael Berg (Ralph Fiennes) is preparing breakfast for a young brunette woman named Brigitte (Jeanette Hain) whom has stayed the night with him. The two part awkwardly, and as Michael watches a Berlin S-Bahn pass by outside.... The film flashes back to another tram in early 1958 Neustadt, West Germany during a rainy winter day. An unhappy-looking teenage Michael (David Kross) gets off but wanders around the streets afterwards, finally pausing in the entryway of a nearby apartment building where he starts to vomit. Hanna Schmitz (Kate Winslet), the tram conductor, comes in and assists him in returning home. Michael is diagnosed with scarlet fever and must rest at home for the next three months. All Michael can do is examine his stamps and bide his time. After he recovers as the spring season arrives, he returns to the apartment building to deliver a bouquet of flowers to Hanna at her apartment and thanks her. She is matter of fact with him but asks him to escort her to work on the tram line. However, when she catches him spying on her as she dresses, he runs away in shame. When he returns to apologize a few days later, she seduces him. He persuades her to tell him her name -- Hanna. Michael returns to her every day after school, rejecting the clear interest of girls his own age. The two begin an sordid affair that lasts through that spring and the summer when he is off from school. Their liaisons, all at her apartment, are characterized by her asking him to read literary works he is studying in school, such as ''The Odyssey'', "The Lady with the Dog" and ''The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn''. He sells his stamp collection so they can go on a bicycling tour in the countryside. When Hanna is promoted by the tram company to a better paying position and an office job, she becomes unsettled. When Michael arrives at her apartment for one of their trysts, she suddenly snaps at him when he tries to read her Chekhov's "The Lady with the Dog." They make love one last time and she then moves away without telling him where she is going. Michael is heartbroken. Eight years later in 1966, Michael is now age 23 and attends Heidelberg Law School. As part of a special seminar taught by Professor Rohl (Bruno Ganz), a concentration camp survivor, he observes a trial of several women who were accused of letting 300 Jewish women die in a burning church when they were SS guards on the Death marches following the 1944 evacuation of Auschwitz concentration camp. Michael is stunned to see that Hanna is one of the defendants. He visits a former camp himself to try to come to terms with this. The trial divides the seminar, with one student angrily saying there is nothing to be learned from it other than that evil acts occurred. He tells Rohl that the older generation of Germans should kill themselves for their failure to act then and now to stop the Holocaust. The key evidence is the testimony of Ilana Mather (Alexandra Maria Lara), a young Jewish woman who has written a memoir about how she and her mother (Lena Olin) survived. When Hanna testifies, unlike her fellow defendants, she admits that she was aware the whole time that Auschwitz was an extermination camp. She also admits that all the SS guards, herself included, would randomly choose ten prisoners each. These prisoners would then be executed to make way for the new prisoners that arrive so that overcrowding does not occur. In Hanna's case, she would choose the physically weak and less able-bodied prisoners to their deaths. She would also make the prisoners read to her; every evening Hanna would randomly choose one female prisoner to read a book to her in her office before taking them back to their cell, as she takes great enjoyment in being read to. Every prisoner that would read books to Hanna would be later killed. Further charges against Hanna whilst an SS guard also included 300 counts of murder brought about when an aerial bombing raid by the allied forces accidentally hit a church where the prisoners where sleeping for the night. The church's roof collapsed and a fire ensued. The prisoners tried to escape the burning church however all exits were locked. The SS guards, Hanna included had the power to unlock the exits to let the prisoners escape, but they did not. Only two prisoners survived, (Ilana Mather and her mother). Hanna strongly denies that she personally authorized a report to lock the church exit doors preventing the prisoners to escape, despite pressure from the other defendants. When the prosecutor produces a document with Hanna's signature on it authorizing the church incident, she continues to deny the charges by claiming that someone forged her signature. However, when she is asked to provide a handwritten sample of her signature to compare it to the signature on the document, Hanna suddenly retracts her denials and admits to signing the document. In the courtroom audience, Michael then realizes Hanna's secret: she is illiterate and has made many of her life choices to conceal that. Even her choice to join the SS was made because of her desire to avoid a job promotion meaning she would have had to reveal her illiteracy. Without being specific, Michael informs Rohl that he has information favorable to one of the defendants but is not sure what to do since the defendant herself wants to avoid disclosing this. Rohl tells him that if he has learned nothing from the past there is no point in having the seminar. Hanna receives a life sentence for her role in the church deaths while the other defendants get prison terms of a few years. Michael soon graduates from the law school and gradually becomes a successful lawyer. He marries a young woman, named Marthe (Karoline Herfurth), and together they have a daughter whom they name Julia. But Michael remains emotionally withdrawn. His marriage ends a few years later when Marthe leaves him, and he becomes distant from his daughter. Rediscovering his books and notes from the time of his affair with Hanna, he re-establishes contact with her by reading some of those works into a tape recorder. He sends the cassettes and another tape recorder to her in prison. Eventually she uses these to teach herself to read the books themselves from the prison library, and eventually writes back to him. Michael does not write back or visit, but keeps sending audio tapes. In 1988, the prison's warden writes to him to seek his help in arranging for the aged Hanna after her forthcoming release on parole. He reluctantly agrees to sponsor Hanna. He finds an apartment and job for her but when he visits her for the first time, one week before she is to be released, he is aloof to her. She tells him that before the trial, she never thought about what she did as a SS guard, but thinks about nothing else now. After he leaves, she commits suicide by hanging herself in her cell and leaves a note to Michael and a tea tin with cash in it. In her will, she asks Michael to give her life's savings to the family of one of the prisoners at Auschwitz. Later, Michael travels to New York. He meets Ilana (Lena Olin in a dual role) and confesses his past relationship with Hanna to her. He tells her that Hanna was illiterate for most of her life but that her suicide note told him to give both the cash, some money she had in a bank account and the tea tin to Ilana. After telling Michael there is nothing to be learned from the camps and that he should go to the theater if he is seeking catharsis. Michael suggests that he donate the money to an organization that combats adult illiteracy, preferably a Jewish one, and she agrees. Ilana keeps the tea tin since it is similar to one she herself had owned before being sent to the camps, where it was taken from her to be melted down. In the present day of 1995, Michael reunites with his daughter, Julia (Hannah Herzsprung), now age 21, who has just returned from a year in Paris. He admits his failings as a father and drives her to a church that he and Hanna had visited during their bicycle tour nearly 40 years earlier. He shows her Hanna's grave and begins to tell her his and Hanna's story.
tt0810922
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Set in 1988, the film begins in a music store with recent MIT graduate Matt Franklin (Topher Grace), his twin sister Wendy (Anna Faris), and his best friend Barry Nathan (Dan Fogler) as they try to figure out when to see Matt's dream girl Tori Frederking (Teresa Palmer). Following graduation, Matt has been working at a Suncoast Video store at a local shopping mall while trying to figure out what to do with his life. While working one day, Tori randomly walks into the store. When she asks him where he works, he lies and tells her he's at Goldman Sachs. Tori then invites him to a Labor Day weekend party held by Wendy's boyfriend Kyle Masterson (Chris Pratt). Matt, Barry and Wendy drive to the party later that night, but before they arrive, Barry steals a car from the dealership from where he got fired earlier in the day for his bad sales record. At the party, Kyle challenges people to ride the "ball," a hollow steel sphere that is supposed to ride down the street. Matt runs into Carlos (Demetri Martin), a high school classmate who actually works at Goldman Sachs. Barry tries the cocaine Matt found in the stolen car, and is involved in a dance battle, after which Kyle proposes to Wendy. Matt and Barry leave the party with Tori and her friends to go to a business party in Beverly Hills. During the drive to the party, Tori tells Matt that her boss, Peter (Michael Ian Black) hired her just to see her naked. At the party, Tori reveals to Matt that she hates her job. Matt and Tori leave the party, enter the backyard of a neighbor's home, and jump on a trampoline where they play truth or dare. When they get too far, Matt ends up sleeping with her. Then, Matt tells Tori the truth about his job, causing Tori to become upset and leave. During the drive back to Kyle's party, Barry tells Matt that he should have that one night of enjoyment. Barry snorts cocaine that was hidden in the glove compartment in the car they stole. He persuades Matt to do it despite driving the car. Matt gets distracted which ends up crashing the car. When they get pulled over by Matt's county sheriff father (Michael Biehn), he damages the car even more to say that Matt should be working for a better company to pay off all the damages. Mr. Franklin lets them off with a warning when they should have been in jail. He tells Matt to take a shot at anything in life. Matt and Barry return to Kyle's party. Wendy, having earlier told Matt that she applied for graduate school in England at the University of Cambridge, and is scared to open the admissions decision letter. Kyle opens the letter for her, and tells her that she has been rejected. Matt and Barry walk back to Kyle's party, where Matt tries to tell Tori he is sorry for lying to her, but Tori is unwilling to forgive him. Barry starts to talk to the goth girl he met at the party still high on coke. He tells her that he is going to ride the ball and after one party goer decides not to ride the ball, Matt raises his hand and volunteers to take his place. Barry tries to discourage Matt from riding the ball, even offering to ride it for him but Matt tells him to "fuck off". He climbs into the ball where his sister, Wendy, tells Kyle not to let him ride the ball. Kyle tells Wendy that the hill goes up and the ball is just to scare people because it will actually roll back towards the house. But as Kyle releases the ball it damages several cars and goes off the road, coming to rest in a neighbor's pool. Matt nearly drowns but gets out in time. Afterwards, Matt tells Tori he wants her home phone number but if he is being too weird, he can leave her alone. Tori is impressed by Matt's boldness by deciding to ride the ball, and he ends up getting Tori's number. Wendy, who didn't want Matt to ride the ball, ends up breaking up with Kyle. Kyle pleads with her to stay but Wendy tells him 'no'. Kyle sobs uncontrollably as Wendy leaves. As morning comes, Matt gets the card with Tori's number, and Mr. Franklin finds Matt's Suncoast Video name tag in the pool where the ball stopped rolling.
tt0337563
Comedy,Fantasy,Romance
Jenna Rink (Jennifer Garner/Christa B. Allen), a girl celebrating her 13th birthday in 1987, wishes to be 30 in hopes that it would help her overcome her unpopularity at school. Jenna especially wants to join the "Six Chicks," a school clique led by Lucy "Tom-Tom" Wyman (Judy Greer/Alexandra Kyle), who takes advantage of Jenna's desire to fit in by manipulating her. Jenna's best friend, Matt Flamhaff (Mark Ruffalo/Sean Marquette), gives her a doll dream house he built for her and a packet of "magic wishing dust" for her birthday, which is sprinkled on the roof of the house. Tom-Tom dashes Jenna's hopes of joining the Six Chicks by pulling a cruel practical joke on her during a game of "Seven Minutes in Heaven." Jenna, mistakenly thinking Matt was responsible, gets angry with him and barricades herself in the closet where she put the Dream House. She cries and rocks backs and forth, bumping into the wall, wishing to be "Thirty, flirty, and thriving". The wishing dust from the dollhouse sprinkles on her, and seconds later, Jenna awakens as a 30-year-old woman living in a Fifth Avenue apartment, without her friends or family. It is now 2004, but Jenna has no memory of the 17 years that have passed since her 13th birthday. 30-year-old Jenna's new best friend Lucy -- no longer nicknamed Tom-Tom -- drives her to her work office. Soon, Jenna discovers she works for Poise, her favorite fashion magazine when she was a teenager. Without her best friend from 1987, Jenna asks her assistant to track down Matt. To her dismay, Jenna learns she and "Mattie" have been estranged since high school when Jenna fell in with the in-crowd, and that Matt is now engaged. This is complicated by the fact that Jenna has become a shadow of her former self. She has lost almost all contact with her parents, and she is having an affair with the husband of Tracy from the art department. Not only is she generally despised by her co-workers, she is suspected of giving her magazine's ideas to a rival publication, Sparkle. Jenna slowly realizes that the person she has become is neither trustworthy nor likeable, and unknowingly begins to reverse the situation by distancing herself from her new, shallow boyfriend, acting kinder and more honest to her co-workers and friends, and trying to restore her relationship with Matt. After Jenna overhears Lucy badmouthing her to a co-worker, she sadly realizes that what she thought she wanted wasn't important after all. She heads back to her hometown in New Jersey to reunite with her parents and reminisce by looking through school yearbooks and other items from her school days. These inspire her on her return to Manhattan. Over several outings and working together on a magazine project, Jenna becomes friends with Matt again. Although Matt is engaged and Jenna has a boyfriend, they kiss during a nighttime walk. Dazed, Matt realizes he loves Jenna, but cannot change the past. After arranging a magazine photo shoot with Matt, then making a successful presentation for a planned revamp for Poise, Jenna prepares for the revamp when she gets bad news from the publisher: Poise is shutting down because the work she put into the relaunch ended up in Sparkle. Jenna learns she was responsible for sabotaging Poise from within by sending their material to Sparkle for months. When Lucy learns this, she cons Matt into signing over the photo rights from the relaunch shoot to her. She accepts the position of Sparkle editor-in-chief, using Jenna's work as her own -- as she did when the girls were in high school. When an already-distraught Jenna discovers Matt is getting married that day, she rushes to his house and begs him to call off the wedding. Matt cannot say yes, although he tells Jenna he loves her. From his closet, he pulls the "dream house" he made 17 years before and gives it back to her. Jenna leaves in tears, crying over the dream house and wishing she could return to 1987. Unbeknownst to Jenna, specks of wishing dust remain on the dream house, and her wish is granted. Thirteen again, she kisses Matt, confronts the snobby Lucy ("Tom-Tom"), tears up the homework Lucy had manipulated her into writing, and spills juice over Tom-Tom's outfit before happily leading Matt away. At a future date (presumably 2004), the adult Jenna and Matt emerge as newlyweds and move into a home identical to the dream house Matt built when Jenna was 13 -- sharing a packet of their favorite childhood candy, Razzles. (Source: WikiPedia. Bangs_McCoy)
tt1374992
Drama,Fantasy,Romance
Look up towards the sky and rub your eyes because you won't believe what you see: cities, forests, and oceans with their own inverted gravity, only an arm's length away, yet completely unreachable. Take a leap over to this alternate reality, two worlds one above, one below - facing each other, and youll land in the extraordinary world of Upside Down. Adam is a seemingly ordinary guy in a very extraordinary universe. He lives humbly trying to make ends meet, but his romantic spirit holds on to the memory of a girl he met once upon a time from another world, an inverted affluent world with its own gravity, directly above but beyond reach a girl named Eden. Their childhood flirtation becomes an impossible love. But when he catches a glimpse of grown-up Eden on television, nothing will get in the way of getting her back - not even the law or science!
tt1414382
Comedy,Romance
The film opens in 2002 with Marni (Kristen Bell), an acne-riddled high school senior at Ridgefield High School, with glasses and braces, making a video about how much she hates high school, and reveals how she is tormented and bullied by other girls, specifically Joanna (Odette Yustman), who made Marni's high school life miserable. She adds that her protective older brother, Will, (James Wolk), was very popular as a handsome basketball player. However, at a very important basketball game, Joanna pushes the mascot, Marni, who runs into Will, resulting in a loss of the game. Years later, in 2010, however, Marni is a successful public relations executive, recently promoted to a job in New York. She has shed her "ugly duckling" look and is a fairly attractive young woman. When Marni flies home to her older brother's wedding, she discovers Will is about to marry Joanna, the very same cheerleader who bullied and tormented her throughout high school. When Marni meets Joanna for the first time in eight years, Joanna seems to not recognize her. Marni is also upset to see that Joanna fits in very well with the family. The plot thickens when Marni's mother Gail (Jamie Lee Curtis) meets up with Joanna's aunt Ramona (Sigourney Weaver), a woman who pushed Gail into a pool at their senior prom. Ramona is now a successful, wealthy woman who owns several hotels and a private plane. Although Gail seems willing to put the past behind her, she still feels the need to "outdo" Ramona during their interactions. On the other hand, Marni is unwilling to forget the things Joanna did to her in high school, unless she apologizes, and decides to try and let her brother know of Joanna's bullying past. Her attempts to get Will alone for a conversation fail. When Marni tells Joanna that she knows who she really is, it is obvious that Joanna does remember Marni. She refuses to give Marni a meaningful apology, and treats her disrespectfully, leaving Marni convinced that Joanna has not changed. Meanwhile, Gail comes to Ramona's hotel room for "closure" about anything bad between them that happened in the past. They appear to make up, but Ramona still seems not to be too fond of Gail. One day on the street, Will and Marni's flaky grandmother Bunny (Betty White) meets a man named Tim (Kyle Bornheimer). Joanna reveals that they have dated, and Tim appears devastated when he hears that she's marrying Will. Marni decides to bring Tim to the rehearsal dinner as part of her plan to stop the wedding. When it is time for guests to make a toast to the bride and groom, Tim unexpectedly jumps up to give his toast to Joanna. He reveals to a stunned wedding party that Joanna left him at the altar. Later, a video is presented (recovered by Marni) from their old high school timecapsule. The video reveals Joanna as she was in high school: an alpha-female bully, with the footage showing proof of her tormenting Marni. Will unplugs the video projector before the video is complete and walks out, furious. However, Marni is in trouble when everyone discovers that she was responsible for the video at the rehearsal dinner. Marni decides to talk with Joanna, hoping to reconcile, but Joanna is too furious and tells Marni "I thought we could start over." Marni is now convinced that Joanna hasn't changed, and she too walks away. Joanna then starts a fight with Marni, who fights back. Will walks in and witnesses the fight. He tells Joanna that he doesn't care about her past, but is angry that she was not being honest with him. He then tells Marni that he is furious at her for going behind his back to try to demolish Joanna's character. Both Marni and Joanna refuse to apologize to Will as well as each other for their actions. Meanwhile, Ramona and Gail argue after the rehearsal dinner, and Ramona accuses Gail of trying to upstage her as well as ruin her life throughout high school. A cat-fight ensues, with both of them falling into the pool. Ramona reveals that she always hated Gail, even when they were supposedly friends, because she always competed with and outdid her, culminating with Gail taking the guy that Ramona wanted to the senior prom. She sarcastically thanks Gail for what she did, because it motivated her to become successful in life. Gail apologizes for being insensitive, but reveals that she is proud of Ramona, and that her family is her accomplishment. Ramona, remorseful of her actions, tells Gail that she was jealous of Gail's family and feared that she was trying to take Joanna away from her. The two reconcile. Later that night, Marni finds Joanna in the kitchen binging on junk food. She finally admits to Marni that she feels truly awful for bullying and tormenting her and feels like an awful person, and that she loves Will. Marni forgives her and promises to get them back together. The next day, Marni pretends to be injured in order to attract Will's attention, and apologizes to him for her actions, saying she was only trying to protect him from Joanna. Joanna and Will reconcile in Marni's old tree house, but it collapses and injures both of them. They are both forced to stay at a hospital, which delays the wedding. However, Marni puts together a makeshift wedding at the hospital, with the bride and groom bandaged, but properly dressed and able to walk down the aisle. Marni appears to start a relationship with Charlie, her brother's good friend who was always kind to her. However, in a final twist-ending joke, Joanna introduces Marni's grandmother Bunny to her visiting grandmother Helen (Cloris Leachman). It is revealed in another montage of flashbacks that Helen and Bunny were enemies in high school when Helen stole a boy from her. However, Bunny gets her revenge when she cuts in on Helen's dance and takes her dance partner. Helen decides to seek revenge on Bunny... restarting another old freud.
tt0480687
Comedy,Romance
Rick (Owen Wilson) and Fred (Jason Sudeikis) are best friends as are their wives, Maggie (Jenna Fischer) and Grace (Christina Applegate). They are both unhappy with their sex lives and missing the old days when they were single. Realizing this, their wives decide to give them a "hall pass": A week off from marriage, in which they can have sex with other women. They are skeptical at first, but ultimately accept the offers and try to pick up women with their friends Gary (Stephen Merchant), Flats (J.B. Smoove), and Hoghead (Larry Joe Campbell). Maggie and Grace spend Rick's and Fred's Hall Pass Week at Maggie's parents' house in Cape Cod, where Grace flirts with athlete Gerry (Tyler Hoechlin), saying that if their husbands have hall passes, so should they. With their wives and children away, Fred and Rick check into a motel and prepare for their Hall Pass Week. On Day One, they decide to eat before going to a local bar and get too tired to spend the night there, preferring to stay at the hotel. On Day Two, they eat pot brownies and decide to play golf, but get too high and wreak havoc on the golf course. On Day Three, they go to Hooters with their friends, but fail to impress the women there. They decide to get drunk in order to loosen up, but go too far and wind up getting into a fight with other customers. They spend Day Four at the hotel, suffering from a hangover. On Day Five, Rick goes to a local coffee shop, where he flirts with an attractive waitress called Leigh (Nicky Whelan), much to the annoyance of her co-worker Brent, who insults Rick. When Rick answers him back, Leigh is impressed and tells Rick that they might see each other at the local gym they both attend. They later meet there, and Leigh invites Rick for a beer after they work out. Rick decides to go to a sauna instead, but falls asleep and stays there too long, getting burned and being forced to accept the help of two naked men to leave, much to his dismay. Meanwhile, Grace and Gerry get closer, while Maggie finds herself attracted to Gerry's coach. On Day Six, Rick and Fred go to a bar called Enter the Dragon with their friend Coakley (Richard Jenkins), where Rick meets his children's babysitter Paige (Alexandra Daddario), who has just turned 21 and is with her aunt. Paige is attracted to Rick, but he shoots her down to dance with Leigh. Brent, the DJ, is angry at this. Afterwards, Rick goes to party at Coakley's while Fred takes a girl to his motel room. However, she feels sick and, after a minor incident in the bathroom, is sent back home by Fred before they had sex. Later this evening Paige's aunt shows up at the room and mistakes Fred for Rick, eventually seducing him. Fred fakes oral sex on Paige's aunt, until they are interrupted by Rick. Meanwhile, Maggie is seduced by Gerry's coach, but rebuffs him. Grace, on the other hand, has sex with Gerry, but tells him it'll be just that one time. On her way back home, she feels guilty about cheating on Fred and has a car accident. At Coakley's house, Rick meets Leigh, who offers him a one-time fling. He initially wants to do it, but ultimately rebuffs her, unable to cheat on Maggie. As he is leaving after hearing of Grace's accident, he is approached by Brent, who is angry at Rick because he thinks Rick had sex with Leigh, who calms him, and Rick makes his way to the hotel, where he finds Paige, who thinks Rick was having sex with her aunt. They enter the room and find Fred having sex with Paige's aunt. After finding out the truth, Paige kicks Fred in the face. Upon hearing about Grace's accident, Fred tries to go to the hospital, but finds Brent vandalizing Rick's car. Upon seeing Paige's aunt -- his mother -- at the hotel, Brent thinks Rick has had sex with her and tries to kill Rick, but runs out of bullets and is tackled by Paige and his mother. Rick and Fred enter Fred's car and make their way to the hospital, with Brent and the police chasing them. At the hospital, Brent is arrested for attacking them and Fred finds out Grace only broke her nose. Rick goes back home and finds Maggie. He tells her he did not use the hall pass and that he lost his virginity to her. She is the only woman he has ever been with. Moved by his declaration, Maggie tells him she did not use her hall pass either and they reconcile and have sex for the first time in months. Fred and Grace also reconcile and decide to hide their cheating from one another. However, Fred ultimately confesses that he used his hall pass with Paige's aunt when Grace asks him to take her to see Kathy Griffin.
tt0293508
Drama,Musical,Romance
The movie starts with an auction being held in the Paris Opera House. The Opera has been shut down and they are auctioning off props to make some money. One of the items is a stuffed monkey dressed in Persian robes and playing the cymbals sitting on top of a music box. An older gentleman in a wheelchair buys the monkey and holds on to it tightly. The next item is a chandelier that was broken but has been repaired. When the chandelier is revealed, we are whisked back to 1870 ("Overture") where we see the opera house in full swing for it's performance of Hannibal by Chalemau. Rehearsals are under way when the Opera manager informs the cast and crew that he is leaving for Australia and that the Opera House is now under the command of Gilles Andre and Richard Firmin (Simon Callow and Cirian Hinds). When they resume rehearsal, a stage prop falls on the lead diva, Carlotta (Minnie Driver). After she storms out refusing to sing, Madame Giry (Miranda Richardson), the ballet instructor, convinces the new owners to let Christine Daa (Emmy Rossum), one of the dancers, to take Carlotta's part. After a stunning performance ("Think of Me"), Christine goes down to the small chapel under the Opera House to pray for her father who died long ago. Meg (Jennifer Ellison) one of the ballet dancers and Christine's best friend comes to find her inquiring of her singing prowess ("Angel of Music"). Later, Christine's childhood friend Raoul, the Vicomte de Changy and patron of the Opera House, comes to visit her in her dressing room. He had been in the audience and had recognized her. After inviting her to a party and leaving to prepare for the ride, Christine is locked in her room and hears singing. The Phantom (Gerard Butler) is mad at Raoul for taking credit in his work in training Christine to sing. He then lures Christine to a mirror where she sees him then follows him to his lair under the Opera House ("The Phantom of the Opera"). Once there the Phantom expresses his feelings for Christine and tries to convince her to stay with him ("Music of the Night"). Later she unmasks him and the Phantom is furious with her. Although he is raging and angry, he becomes vunerable and begins crying. He wishes he didn't have a loathsome gargoyle face ("I Remember/Stranger Than You Dreamt It"). He then returns her to the surface. While Christine is gone, Andre and Firmin are upset because Christine has disappeared and they no longer have a lead to play in the operas. After receiving a series of notes all signed O.G. (Opera Ghost) they find out that Christine has returned and they have been instructed by the Phantom to put Christine in the lead role of the upcoming opera II Muto. They refuse and put Carlotta in the lead part after convincing her to return ("Prima Donna") and give Christine a silent role, which infuriates the Phantom. He then disables Carlotta's voice giving her the voice of a toad, which forces the Opera managers to put Christine in the lead role. While Christine is getting ready, Joseph Buquet (Kevin McNally) finds the Phantom in the rafters and after trying to escape is caught and hung from the rafters on stage in full view of everyone. This frightens Christine and she runs to the roof with Raoul pursuing her where he comforts her telling her that he loves her and will never leave her ("All I Ask of You") The Phantom overhears and is now in a state of shock because Christine loves Raoul and not him. 3 months later, we see that the Opera House is in full swing without any appearance from the Phantom since he disabled Carlotta's voice. The Opera House is holding a Masquerade to celebrate ("Masquerade"). During the Masquerade the Phantom interrupts and presents the managers with a new Opera he has written called Don Juan. He then gives them an ultimatum. Follow his instructions or bad things will happen. Christine visits the graveyard where her father is buried ("Wishing You Were Somehow Here Again"). The Phantom is also there and tries to lure her to him but Raoul arrives and fights off the Phantom in a sword battle. They then leave the Phantom there and he swears to get revenge. The performance of Don Juan has finally come and everyone is nervous. Raoul, Andre, and Firmin are positive the Phantom will make an appearance so they set a trap. Christine is torn. She explains that she can't be a part of the trap without the Phantom taking her back. The play starts and Christine comes on stage singing. Backstage, Piangi (Victor McGuire) is getting ready for his next scene when the Phantom kills him and takes his place on stage. Christine sings with the Phantom, expressing her love for him. Raoul, who is in the audience, sadly realizes that Christine loves the Phantom ("The Point of No Return"). The Phantom then sings passionately to Christine who takes his mask off, revealing to the audience the distortion of his face. He takes her once again down to his lair, causing the opera theatre to catch on fire in the progress after bringing down the chandelier ("Down Once More/Track Down This Murderer"). The Phantom gives Christine the ring that he took from her at the masquerade ball, and asks her to stay with him. Meanwhile, Raoul gets Madame Giry to take him to the Phantom's lair. She leaves Raoul halfway through their journey, and Raoul goes the rest of the way alone. After nearly drowning, he shows up in the Phantom's lair to save Christine. The Phantom then gives Christine the difficult desicion: she can either stay with the Phantom and Raoul (who has been tied up by the Phantom) goes free, or she refuses the Phantom and Raoul dies but Christine goes free. Christine decides to stay with the Phantom and tells him that he is not alone. She kisses him passionately. At this the Phantom realizes that Christine truly loves him, but his horrible actions have ruined any chance they have together. In an act of selflessness, he frees both Christine and Raoul. Christine gives the ring back to the Phantom who sadly tells Christine that he loves her. Christine forces herself to leave with Raoul in the boat. She looks back at the Phantom sadly, knowing that she loves him. Heartbroken, the Phantom destroys the mirrors and escapes through a secret passage just before the mob shows up. Meg Giry finds only his mask. The scene then switches back to 1919. The elderly gentleman now known to be Raoul leaves the monkey music box on Christine's grave. He looks down and sees that the Phantom has left a rose tied with a black ribbon (his trademark) and the ring that he gave to Christine: the Phantom still loves her. Raoul sadly looks at it knowing that Christine truly loved the Phantom.
tt1055292
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Holly Berenson (Katherine Heigl) is the owner of a small Atlanta bakery and Eric Messer (Josh Duhamel), known as Messer, is a promising television technical sports director for the Atlanta Hawks. After a disastrous first date set up by their best friends (Peter and Alison), all they have in common are their mutual dislike and their love for their shared goddaughter, Sophie Christina Novak, who is Peter and Alison's child. However, after a car accident kills both Peter and Alison, they are left as the one-year-old Sophie's legal guardians. They try to put their differences aside, since they are advised to both move into Sophie's home in order to minimize her need for adjustment to the new situation. They struggle to learn how to care for Sophie and to get along with each other. This goes on and once Holly leaves Sophie with Messer while she covers an important catering job - the same night that he is given the opportunity to direct a big basketball game. When Messer loses his focus due to Sophie's constant crying during direction the game, he returns home to argue with Holly. Later, he comes back and makes amends with Holly. Holly attends a date with a doctor named Sam (Josh Lucas) (whom Messer nicknames "Doctor Love") who is also Sophie's pediatrician. This date is cut short when Messer calls and explains Sophie is unwell by having a fever then Messer needs to take Sophie to the hospital. Later, Messer sees Holly kissing Sam. Life goes on till they see the monthly bills and realize it's way more than they expected. Holly then admits to Messer that because of finance at home she can't afford the extension on her catering business, so Messer offers to give her the money. She refuses to take it so Messer offers it as an investment, to which Holly accepts. The pair agree to go on a date to celebrate, and when they return to the house they end up having sex together and start to develop feelings for each other. Their Child Protective Services caseworker shows up and tells them that getting involved together is a very bad idea. Messer is offered a director job in Phoenix, Arizona with the Phoenix Suns. Since this has been his career goal for several years, he seriously considers making the move, but does not discuss it with Holly. When Holly learns of the proposed move at a neighborhood block party, she is upset and orders him to go to Phoenix. At Thanksgiving, Messer returns to Atlanta hoping to patch things up with Holly but finds her in a relationship with "Doctor Love." He and Holly exchange heated words which started by because Sam "Doctor Love" tells Messer they are selling the house because its too much to pay for, then Messer tells Holly in the kitchen before he tells her he loves her, and always has. After Holly instructs him to do so, Messer leaves for the airport. While waiting for the airplane to come, hes looking back at his videos that they made of Sophies first walk and he smiles and a woman sitting next to him says that he has a beautiful family... That evening, Sam tells Holly that if he and his ex-wife argued like that they'd still be together now, and with that he leaves. When their Child Protective Services caseworker shows up for the last appointment to see if Holly and Messer are fit parents for Sophie, Holly realizes that she can't take care of Sophie without him that she loves Messer and drives to the airport with the caseworker. Holly finds that the flight has departed and returns to the house disappointed where, to her surprise, she finds Messer sitting on the couch because he tells Holly that Peter and Alison chose them to be parents of Sophie because they are a family and then they share a kiss. Then it's Sophie's second birthday party, neighbors and family and friends are invited. And Holly makes a huge cupcake like cake for Sophie and also made a cake for Messer and herself with the number 1 on it, showing that they made one whole year together. The film ends with Messer filming everyone singing Sophie "Happy Birthday."
tt0083929
Comedy,Drama
Stacy Hamilton (Jennifer Jason Leigh) is a 15-year-old high school sophomore who works in the Ridgemont Mall at Perry's pizza parlor with the seemingly more sexually experienced Linda Barrett (Phoebe Cates). Mark "Rat" Ratner (Brian Backer) also a sophomore, works in the mall as "assistant to the assistant manager" at the movie theater. His friend Mike Damone (Robert Romanus), who also hangs out at the mall scalping rock concert tickets, believes himself to be both worldly and wise in the ways of women. Stacy's brother Brad (Judge Reinhold) is a semi-dorky senior but is relatively popular because he has his own car and is a low-grade supervisor at All-American Burger, a favorite after-school hang-out and a place that treats teen employees well. Brad is spending his final year in high school basking in the joy of becoming the unfettered owner of his blue 1960 Buick LeSabre ("the cruising vessel"), which has only six payments left, and obsessing over the best way to ease out of the long-time relationship with his girlfriend, Lisa (Amanda Wyss), who also works at All-American Burger. Surfer-type Jeff Spicoli (Sean Penn) is the resident stoner who begins the new school year tumbling out of a Volkswagen Microbus after hot-boxing in the parking lot as the final attendance bell rings. Spicoli tries to come into the stern Mr. Hand's (Ray Walston) history class after the final bell, but Mr. Hand has locked the door. Spicoli knocks on the door but when Mr Hand sends him to principal's office, Spicoli calls him a "dick," thus beginning a vendetta between Mr. Hand and Spicoli that lasts throughout the movie. The sexually curious Stacy initially hooks up with a much older home stereo salesman, Ron Johnson of Pacific Stereo in the mall. He provides her first sexual experiences. He dumps her a few months later, causing Stacy to wonder what was wrong with herself and seek other relationships. In addition to his brief encounters with Stacy at the pizza parlor during his breaks at the movie theater, nerdy Mark Ratner ends up with Stacy as his lab partner in biology class. Ratner receives pointers from his friend Damone, the scalper. With prodding from Damone, "Rat" goes over to the pizza parlor one evening and asks for Stacy's phone number, saying he'll call her to ask her out on a date. Embarassed, but flattered, Stacy accepts Mark's offer of a date. The date goes well despite Mark forgetting his wallet at home and the tape deck being stolen from his sister's car during their dinner at a local German restaurant. They go back to her house, where she comes on to him. Inexperienced with sex, he chickens out, leaving her there with nothing but a robe on. This leads Stacy to confide in Linda that she believes (mistakenly) that Mark does not love her. Back at school, Spicoli continues to annoy Mr. Hand, including one episode in which Spicoli arranges for a pizza delivery in the middle of class by a less-than-thrilled "Pizza Guy" delivery man (Taylor Negron) only to have Mr. Hand take the pizza away and distribute it to his favored students. Meanwhile, Brad loses his cherished job at All American Burger one day in a dispute with an unsatisfied and rude customer (Sonny Carl Davis) who demands his money back (clearly a yuppie con artist), where after the rude customer insults Brad and Brad insults the rude customer back, the stern boss, Dennis, approaches and instantly fires Brad for it and falls for the con artist's ploy and refunds his money. Brad feels betrayed when all of his co-worker friends don't have the courage to stand up for him to to their dictator of a boss out of fear of losing their jobs too. As a result, Brad never speaks to any of his friends ever again. Brad is forced to take a new job at "Captain Hook Fish and Chips," a Long John Silvers-styled fish restaurant. Employees are forced to wear pirate uniforms, and after being laughed at by a beautiful woman (Nancy Wilson) while on a delivery, Brad quits in disgust while tossing all the "Catch of the Day" boxes out into the street. At a pep rally before the football game with Lincoln High, Brad meets up with his girlfriend Lisa. In a complete turnabout from his plans to go solo during the summer, Brad bares his troubled soul to Lisa, telling her that he needs her now more than ever. But Lisa dumps him, saying she wants to see other people before she heads to college, the perfect culmination to Brad's personal annihilation. As Brad's life crumbles as he now has no friends or job, Stacy and Linda are sitting by the pool discussing men. Meanwhile, Damone convinces Mark to give it another shot with Stacy. Damone leads Mark to Stacy's house, where Damone crashes the girl chat. Brad comes home, dejected, and goes into the house. The teens all comment on how Brad is so depressed after losing his job at All America Burger. Brad heads for the bathroom and starts to masturbate as he fantasizes about Linda approaching him in her bikini and undoing her top (in a now near-legendary scene set to The Cars' song "Moving in Stereo"). Linda jumps into the pool and gets water in her ear. She makes her way to the bathroom for a Q-tip and is shocked as she catches Brad masturbating, which ruins the pool party. Later that evening, Spicoli is seen drinking beer, smoking marijuana, and lost in his own world as he joyrides in a 1979 Chevrolet Camaro Z28 owned by Charles Jefferson (Forest Whitaker), an ill-tempered, hulking jock who is the star of the Ridgemont football team. The car is a gift from a grateful alumnus, and Jefferson's little brother, along for the ride, freaks out as an unconcerned Spicoli drives like a maniac through the crowded city streets. Spicoli eventually wrecks the car when he swerves to avoid an oncoming car, and crashes into a concrete wall. Spicoli promises to Jefferson's brother that he can fix it. The next day at school, a large crowd gathers around the front entrance--where Jefferson's totaled car is covered in anti-Ridgemont graffiti. Spicoli has apparently made it look as if the rival high school, Lincoln High, destroyed it as a prank. Jefferson takes out his anger on the Lincoln football team that night, winning the game single handily and sending Lincoln's quarterback out of the game on a stretcher. Over the next several weeks, Stacy grows attracted to Mark's friend, Damone. Stacy meets Damone after school and Damone drives her home. Damone asks if Stacy has any iced tea and then he wants to go for a swim. She brings him into the changing booth near the pool. Instead of swimming, the two have clumsy, unsatisfying sex in the changing booth. Later, Stacy tells Linda that she is pregnant. Stacy tells Damone and they decide that an abortion is the only solution. She asks Damone to pay for half the abortion ($150) and give her a ride to the clinic. Damone agrees. A little later, Damone and Ratner get into an argument over Stacy in the locker room after Ratner hears that Damone has been with Stacy. After Damone and Ratner almost get into a fistfight, they cut ties with each other. Damone has a hard time coming up with his half of the money to pay for the abortion. Damone desperately and unsuccessfully attempts to collect from past "clients" who owe him money. It is only then that Damone finally discovers how little power and popularity he has with the other teens. Ashamed, Damone does not show up to drive Stacy to the clinic and avoids her phone calls. Stacy catches a ride with Brad to a nearby bowling alley under the pretense that she is meeting some friends there. Brad sees Stacy leave the bowling alley and enter the clinic. After the procedure is finished, Brad is waiting for Stacy outside and talks to her about what happened, though Stacy will not tell him the identity of the father. Stacy's sibling bond grows with Brad when he shows a brotherly act of kindness by not pressing the issue. Linda, however, is not so charitable. After Stacy tells her of Damone's deception, Linda goes after Damone by scrawling "Prick" in spray paint on his car door and "Little Prick" in marker on his school locker. Another month or two later, Stacy and Mark are fated to be together again when they go on a biology class field trip to observe an autopsy performed by their flaky biology teacher Mr. Vargas (Vincent Schiavelli). Spicoli tags along with the class (despite that he does not take biology) just for the excursion. When Mr. Vargas starts to rip organs from the corpse, Stacy feels sick and Mark helps her out of the procedure room. Stacy is grateful to Mark for staying with her and says he's "a nice guy." School is coming to an end. Mr. Hand takes some revenge on Spicoli by visiting him at his home on the night of the graduation dance and administering an impromptu American History lesson long enough to delay Spicoli until well after the prom has started. Surprisingly, Spicoli does well with Mr. Hand's questioning and the two are actually amiable by the end of the session. Still, the teacher relents on the question of whether or not he will flunk Spicoli, telling the stoned surfer he'll probably "squeak by." Mike Damone and Mark Ratner speak to each other at the prom. A tenuous bond is reformed, but Damone knows he no longer has power over "Rat." In the closing scenes, Stacy, still working at the pizza joint, sees Mark at his station across the mall at the theater. She waves him over and gives him a demure photo of herself. She makes it clear she'd like to begin seeing him again. Mark is at first tentative, but Stacy playfully nudges Mark and eggs him on. He looks at Stacy for a moment, smiles and then says he'll call her. Meanwhile, Brad is working at his new job, the bottom rung on the high school scale of after-school employment: a convenience store called Mi-T-Mart. Spicoli walks in and tries to make a purchase while fumbling with pocket change. He then asks to use the bathroom. As soon as Spicoli walks away to the restroom, a car pulls up to the front of the store, a robber exits the car, walks in the door, sprays the security camera, pulls out a pistol and tells Brad to give him all the money in the wall safe. Brad gets very nervous, and cannot open the safe. But when the armed robber threatens to shoot and kill Brad for stalling, Brad's fear suddenly turns into anger as he mouths off to the armed robber, wishing that he would just die.... as Brad sees this as just another rotten episode in his further disintegrating life. Just then Spicoli walks out of the bathroom complaining that there are no paper towels and he inadvertently distracts the thief for a few seconds, just long enough for a furious Brad to grab and throw a pot of hot coffee in the robber's face, jump over the counter, take his gun away and captures the would-be thief as the criminal's getaway car peels out the parking lot, making Brad a local hero... at least in Spicoli's eyes. Before the end credits roll, the characters' futures are shown: Brad Hamilton: Made manager of Mi-T-Mart, June 12. Mike Damone: Busted for scalping Ozzy Osbourne tickets. Now working at 7-Eleven. Mr. Vargas: Switched back to coffee. Linda Barrett: Attending college in Riverside. Now living with her Abnormal Psych professor. Rat & Stacy: Having a passionate love affair. But still haven't gone all the way. Mr. Hand: Convinced EVERYONE is on dope. Jeff Spicoli: Saved Brooke Shields from drowning. Blows reward money hiring Van Halen to play at his birthday party.
tt1509767
Action,Adventure,History
In Venice, the Three Musketeers Athos (Matthew Macfadyen), Porthos (Ray Stevenson) and Aramis (Luke Evans), with the help of Athos' lover, Milady de Winter (Milla Jovovich), steal airship blueprints made by Leonardo da Vinci. However, they are betrayed by Milady, who gives the blueprints to the Duke of Buckingham (Orlando Bloom). Upon returning to France, the Musketeers are forced to disband by Cardinal Richelieu (Christoph Waltz) for their failure. One year later, the young D'Artagnan (Logan Lerman) leaves Gascony for Paris in hopes of becoming a Musketeer, like his father once was, only to learn that they no longer exist. D'Artagnan ends up challenging Captain Rochefort (Mads Mikkelsen), the leader of Richelieu's guard, to a duel after being offended by him, but Rochefort merely shoots him while he's distracted. In an attempt to get revenge, D'Artagnan offends Athos, Porthos and Aramis for petty reasons, and schedules duels with each of them, at the same day and at the same place, but in different times, not knowing who they are. Before they can duel, however, D'Artagnan and the Musketeers are attacked by the guards for breaking the law by having a public duel. They fight the soldiers off, at which point D'Artagnan discovers their true identities, but end up being captured and brought before the young King Louis XIII (Freddie Fox) and his wife, Queen Anne (Juno Temple). Richelieu attempts to convince them to execute the four prisoners, but they are too impressed, and congratulate them instead, much to Richelieu's anger. Later, Richelieu meets with Milady, who is actually working for him. He orders her to plant false love letters among Queen Anne's possessions and steal Queen Anne's diamond necklace and hide it in the Tower of London with the objective of framing Queen Anne of having an affair with the Duke of Buckingham, who is in France on behalf of the King of England, and who has built a fully armed airship using the designs stolen from the Musketeers. The affair would force King Louis to execute Queen Anne and declare war on England. At this point, the people would demand a more experienced leader for the country: Richelieu himself. Before leaving, Milady demands that Richelieu gives her an authorization declaring that she was working on behalf of France's best interests. However, Queen Anne's lady-in-waiting Constance Bonacieux (Gabriella Wilde) discovers his plan and pleads with the Musketeers to stop Richelieu. They follow Milady and Buckingham to London, while Constance is kidnapped by Rochefort for helping the Musketeers to escape from him. Meanwhile, King Louis finds the false letters and is advised by Richelieu to set up a ball in which Queen Anne would be forced to wear the necklace. If she doesn't, then her affair is real, and there will be war. In London, Milady warns Buckingham of the Musketeers arrival, claiming that they want revenge for being outsmarted by Buckingham one year prior. Buckingham captures D'Artagnan and prepares to interrogate him when D'Artagnan reveals that he was acting as a decoy to allow the Musketeers to steal Buckingham's airship. They rescue D'Artagnan and capture Milady, who gives them the authorization in an attempt to have her life spared. Upon realizing she failed, she jumps out of the airship into the English Channel. The Musketeers recover the necklace and return to Paris, only to be attacked by Rochefort, piloting an airship secretly built by Richelieu, who was given copies of Da Vinci's blueprints by Milady. Rochefort feigns an attempt to exchange Constance for the necklace in order to capture D'Artagnan, but the Musketeers come to his rescue and the two ships crash in the Notre Dame Cathedral, where D'Artagnan fights and defeats Rochefort, rescuing Constance, who returns the necklace to Queen Anne. The Musketeers arrive at the ball and, for the sake of King Louis' and his people, lie by saying that Rochefort was trying to sabotage an airship that Richelieu built for them, for the purpose of identifying a traitor. To convince King Louis, Athos presents Milady's authorization, which King Louis accepts. Richelieu, satisfied, offers the Musketeers a place in his army, but they refuse, which infuriates Richelieu, who swears revenge. Meanwhile, at sea, Milady is rescued by Buckingham, who reveals that he intents to avenge her and destroy the Musketeers. It is revealed that Buckingham is advancing towards France with a massive fleet of airships and sea-faring ships.
tt0101414
Animation,Family,Fantasy
In the prologue, told through stained glass windows, an old beggar woman arrives at the castle of a French prince. The woman asks for shelter from the cold, and in return, offers the young prince a rose. Repulsed by her appearance, the prince turns her away. The beggar warns him not to judge by appearances, but the Prince ignores her and shuts the door on her. The woman then throws off her disguise, revealing that she is a beautiful enchantress. The Prince tries to apologize, but she has already seen the lack of kindness in his heart. She conjures a powerful curse, transforming him into a hideous beast, his servants into anthropomorphic household items, and the entire castle and all its surroundings into a dark, forbidding place, so that he will learn not to judge by appearances. The curse can only be broken if the Beast learns to love another and receives the other's love in return before the last petal of the enchantress's rose withers and falls; if not, he will be doomed to remain a beast forever. As the years pass, the Beast sits in his castle wallowing in despair, convinced that no one could ever love him. Years later, a beautiful young peasant woman named Belle lives in a nearby village with her father, Maurice, who is an inventor. Belle is seen as "odd" by the other townsfolk due to her preference for reading books. She is the object of unwanted attention from the local hunter, Gaston, whom she perceives as an egomaniac and 'positively primeval', barbarian-brained, lunkhead. He and his sidekick, LeFou, openly mock her father's inventions and her love of books. Belle reveals her feelings of loneliness to her father, who promises her that his next invention, a wood-chopping machine, will be the start of a new life for them both. Maurice rides off to a fair with his invention, but gets lost and loses his horse as night falls. He escapes from some wolves and desperately seeks shelter from a storm. Cold and tired, he stumbles upon a mysterious castle and enters. One by one, the enchanted household items - Lumire the candelabra, Mrs. Potts the teapot and her son Chip the tea cup and Cogsworth the clock and head of the household - welcome him. The Beast, however, is enraged when he discovers Maurice and is about to throw him out, not caring that the wolves would eat him, when Maurice says he needs a place to stay. The Beast then decides to lock him in a dungeon in the castle tower (against Maurice's wishes). The next day, Gaston arranges a wedding ceremony right outside of Belle's house and invites the entire town. He invites himself in to propose to her and gives her an image of their life together -- "A rustic hunting lodge, my little wife massaging my feet, while the little ones play on the floor with the dogs; oh, we'll have six or seven [strapping boys, like me]". Belle attempts to politely decline when Gaston corners her against her front door and tries to kiss her. As she opens the door to move out of the way, he falls through the door frame and into the mud in front of the entire town. This serves as a hard blow to Gaston's ego. Belle, who worries when her father's horse returns home without him, decides to seek out her father. Eventually, she winds up at the Beast's castle. The objects, their hope renewed with the arrival of Belle, show her the way to the dungeon while keeping themselves concealed from her sight. Belle finds Maurice in the tower dungeon, but the Beast catches her. She offers herself in exchange for her father's life, against his wishes, giving her word to remain in the castle forever. The Beast reveals himself to her, and although Belle is clearly terrified, she bravely refuses to back down from her offer. The Beast agrees and releases Maurice, who is taken back to the village in an walking coach before they can say goodbye. Moved by Belle's sadness, the Beast decides to give Belle a room in the castle instead of keeping her in the dungeon. The Beast gives Belle permission to go anywhere in the castle except the West Wing, refusing to explain why. He shows Belle her room and tells her that they must meet for dinner (at Lumiere's suggestion). Back in the village, the citizens attempt to cheer up Gaston in the local tavern after Belle's rejection by reminding him how in awe they are of him. Maurice bursts in and asks for help to rescue Belle from "a beast", but no one believes him. When one of the villagers calls him crazy, Gaston thinks of a plan to get Belle to marry him. Maurice goes off to search for Belle alone, unaware of Gaston's plan. Gaston and the others arrive at the house shortly after Maurice leaves. Finding the house empty, Gaston orders LeFou to wait by the porch until Belle and Maurice return. Belle meets the enchanted objects who cheer her up, but she refuses to have dinner with the Beast. Enraged, he tells the servants that if Belle does not eat with him, she will have to starve, then shuts himself away in the West Wing. He sees Belle through the magic mirror, who angrily cries that she will have nothing to do with the Beast. Melancholy, he watches one more petal fall from the rose. Ignoring the Beast's orders, Lumiere, along with the other servants, welcomes Belle warmly and entertains her with an elaborate dinner and a show. After dinner, Belle asks the servants for a tour of the castle. Lumiere and Cogsworth happily oblige, but Belle manages to sneak away from them and penetrate into the forbidden West Wing, where she discovers an extremely disarrayed and desolate room, a slashed portrait of a handsome man with strangely familiar blue eyes, and the enchanted rose. The Beast finds her there and frightens her with a terrifying display of temper. Belle flees the castle, disregarding her promise to the Beast, and, in the dark forest, is attacked by wolves. The Beast appears and fights off the vicious creatures, but is wounded during the fight; a grateful Belle returns to the castle and, while tending to the Beast's wounds, thanks him for saving her life. Over some time, the two start to become friends. The Beast even gives Belle "ownership" of his immense library. The household items are excited and optimistic that Belle may fall in love with the Beast and cause them to become human again. The relationship reaches its climax with an elegant dinner and ballroom dance. After the romantic evening, The Beast notices that Belle seems melancholy. She tells him that she wishes to see Maurice again, just for a moment. The Beast takes her to the West Wing and gives her the magic mirror, explaining that it will allow her to see anything she might desire to see. Belle asks if she can see her father and the magic mirror reveals that Maurice is lost and sick in the forest. The Beast, having fallen in love with Belle, releases her to rescue her father and also gives her the mirror so that she may look back and remember him. Belle hurries off, finds Maurice and takes him back to the village, where a mob gathers to take him to the asylum. Gaston offers to have Maurice spared if Belle agrees to marry him but she still refuses. Belle uses the magic mirror to show the Beast to the villagers, who become frightened at his hideous visage. Belle assures them that the Beast is kind and gentle, and that he's her friend. Out of jealousy and anger, Gaston tells the mob that Belle is as crazy as her father. Belle disagrees and calls him the real beast for wanting to kill him. She tells him off that she sees him as nothing more than a sexist, narcisstic, rude, obnoxious and selfish jerk. Insulted, Gaston rallies the villagers to storm the castle and "kill the beast," convincing them that he is dangerous to the entire town. To prevent Belle and Maurice from warning the Beast, Gaston has his men lock them in the cellar of their home. With the help of Chip the teacup, who has stowed away in Belle's satchel, Belle and Maurice escape from the cellar using the invention and rush back to the castle. The villagers force open the door, but Lumiere leads the servants in defense of the castle. Gaston deserts the battle to search for the Beast. The servants eventually manage to drive the villagers out of the castle. Meanwhile, Gaston finds the Beast alone in the West Wing and attacks him, throwing both of them outside on the balcony and rooftops. The Beast does not defend himself because he has given up hope of being able to see Belle again. As soon as he sees Belle arriving at the castle, calling out for him, the Beast gains the will to fight Gaston. A heated battle ensues between the two, culminating when the Beast grabs Gaston by the neck and threatens to throw him off the roof. Gaston begs for his life, and the Beast relents, softened by his love for Belle. He tells Gaston to leave and never come back, and then throws him aside. When the Beast climbs back up to the balcony where Belle is waiting for him, Gaston stabs him in the back, then loses his footing and falls into the deep chasm far below, signalling his death. Belle tries to reassure the badly wounded Beast that everything will be fine, but he knows that his wound is fatal. The Beast tells her that he was happy to see her one last time, and dies succumbing to his injury. Belle, in tears, whispers that she loves him, just before the last petal falls from the rose. The spell is broken. The Beast, brought back to life, is reverted to his human form, unrecognizable until Belle looks into his blue eyes. The castle becomes beautiful again and the enchanted objects turn back into humans. The last scene shows Belle and the prince dancing in the ballroom while her father and the objects watch and they live happily ever after.
tt1403981
Drama,Romance
The movie opens with an 11-year-old girl and her mother standing by the subway waiting for it to arrive. Two men come and shove the mother, stealing her purse. The men climb on the subway and the woman and her daughter stay off. Just before the subway leaves one of the men shoots the mother. The young girl screams. We then see Sgt. Neil Craig run in and hug the young girl and we discover that this policeman is the girls father (Chris Cooper) The next scene opens by showing a very unkempt apartment. We see Tyler (Robert Pattinson) on the porch smoking, and drinking. Tyler gets a call and quickly puts on a suit and runs out the door. He goes to a graveyard where his father (Pierce Brosnan) his mother (Lena Olin) and his sister (Ruby Jerins) are laying stones on a grave. The grave belongs to a Michael Hawkins. They go to a coffee shop and his mother remarks that Michael would have liked to know they still went to the coffee shop. The coffee shop was Michael and Tyler's special place. Tyler's sister Caroline begins to talk about an art exhibit she has when her father rudely interrupts her to ask for the sugar. Tyler yells at his father and runs out of the coffee shop. Before leaving he moves the sugar away from his father. We see Tyler walking with his roommate Aidan (Tate Ellington). Aidan suggests selling a kit to girls who have one night stands. We learn that Tyler had a one-night stand the night before. Aidan tells Tyler to call the kit S.L.U.T. Tyler laughs at him but is obviously depressed. Aidan convinces Tyler to go out for "just one drink!" Tyler and Aidan party at the bar and leave completely drunk with two girls from Miami. Tyler sees a fight going on and he runs in to break it up. Tyler begins to smack one guy repeatedly, very violently. Aidan follows him to try to stop him and in the struggle Tyler hits one of the Miami girls in the nose. The police come and break up the fight and the other Miami girl tells the police that Tyler and Aidan are innocent. The police set them free and Tyler thinks that only two of the people involved should be arrested. He yells at the policeman (the same policeman we saw before played by Chris Cooper) that he's supposed to give a shit. The policeman tells him to go home. Tyler ends up hitting the policeman and the policeman slaps his face hard against the police car. Tyler and Aidan both go to jail and Aidan says that Tyler might want to throw his life away but he doesn't. Aidan and Tyler's bails are both posted and Tyler goes to see his father. He says he'll pay the lawyers fee and that he doesn't want to be bailed out of anything. He also says "I didn't call you" meaning he doesn't want his father's help. We see the policeman and his daughter (the young girl who lost her mother) portrayed by Emilie de Ravin. We learn her name is Ally. Her father drives her to school at NYU. At the NYU campus we see Aidan arguing with a teacher over a grade and trying to flirt with her in order to improve his grade. He sees Ally and her father pull up and he recognizes her father from the night before. He runs home to tell Tyler and suggests that Tyler take her out on a date and then dump her or steal her panties and sell them as revenge for her father scarring Tyler's face. Aidan points her out to Tyler when they're back at school and Tyler recognizes her from his social policies class. (Earlier we had seen her answer a question about terrorism in Tyler's class.) He tells her he is doing an experiment with women in their early twenties to find out how much of an A-hole Aidan is. She says she's 19 and he offers to take her to dinner as the reward for being in the survey. She seems reluctant but accepts. He calls her before he leaves to dinner and says, "I know you're going to stand me up." We see that this was her plan as she is in sweatpants on her bed. She lies and tells him shes on her way and gets dressed in a hurry. Her father asks her where she's going and who she's going with (very overprotective.) We see them at the restaurant where she explains why she orders her dessert first. We learn she is constantly wary of death and has a fear of asteroids. They go to a fair and Tyler pays off a game attendant to get a panda for Ally. She gets into a taxi (she doesn't take the subway) and Tyler tries to kiss her. She says "Not tonight" and Tyler remarks that she eats her dessert first for fear of choking but won't kiss him before she drives off into the unknown. She interrupts him with a kiss and the taxi drives off. Tyler picks up his sister Caroline from school and they go to Central Park where they discuss her bullies, her art exhibit and that she believes their father doesn't like her. Tyler is making spaghetti for Ally on their second date. She notices pictures of Michael and that Tyler has a tattoo on his chest that says Michael. Tyler sprays Ally with water and they get in a water fight, eventually leading to a make out session in the shower. Aidan comes back and tells them to go to a party upstairs and have "just one drink." The scene then cuts to Tyler holding Ally's hair as she vomits over the toilet. She says to call her dad before she falls asleep but her cell battery is dead. Ally wakes up the next morning and her father has been searching all night for her. She knows how worried he gets and runs home and he yells at her for being out all night with a boy and coming home smelling like alcohol. She says he doesn't have to be on top of her just because he couldn't save her mother and he slaps her on the face and cuts her lip. She runs off to Tyler's house and falls asleep there. She wakes up and she and Tyler have sex. Tyler leaves her to go to the coffee shop that was special to him and Michael and writes about her to Michael. When Tyler comes back he explains to Ally that he had to tell Michael about her. Tyler has a birthday party at his mother's house (he turns 22 the same age his brother was when he killed himself.) Caroline talks to Tyler, Aidan and Ally about her art exhibition. Tyler's mother worries that his father won't show up. Tyler says I won't let that happen and he invites his father to dinner with him and Ally before the art show. Ally asks Caroline if she minds Ally, a "random girl" coming to the exhibition. Caroline says, "You're not random. You're Tyler's girlfriend." During this conversation Caroline tells Ally that the Met is one of her favorite places in the world. Tyler's father shows up late to dinner and they have a discussion about the Yankees. Ally tells Tyler and his father about when she saw her mother murdered. Tyler's father gets a call and says I have to go but I'll meet you at the exhibition. He stands up Caroline's exhibition and she is heartbroken. Tyler takes Ally to his apartment and rides his bike to his father's office. We can tell he is furious. He runs into his father's business meeting and yells at him. He asks him why he isn't riveted by everything Caroline says. The clients of Tyler's father offer to leave and he yells, "Sit the fuck down!" Tyler adds that the other children are going to hang themselves on his watch. (We had learned that Tyler's brother Michael hung himself after beginning to work for his father and Tyler's the one who found his body.) Tyler goes home crying and Ally tries to reassure him. There's then a montage of scenes of Ally and Tyler being in love (going to the beach, etc). We see Ally's father picking up the phone to hear a message from Ally saying she's all right. Ally and Tyler are riding a train with Aidan who remarks that he has slept with a person from every country. Ally challenges him with an Eskimo and he goes to show her the Eskimo librarian he slept with while Tyler goes home. Tyler hears something in his house and picks up a bat. He sees Ally's father sitting on his bed. (He traced the call and found Tyler.) Ally's father asks if Ally knows how Tyler got his scars. Tyler says no. Ally's father attacks Tyler and tries to strangle him and then leaves. Tyler breaks down. Ally comes home and Tyler tells her the truth. She breaks up with him and goes home to her father. Tyler takes Caroline to a slumber party. We see Caroline standing tentatively by the door, afraid to go in. We see Ally at home giving her father cooking advice. Aidan comes to their house and says it was his fault that Tyler didn't tell Ally how he got his scars and why he was dating her and she should forgive Tyler. We see Caroline calling her mother sobbing and begging to be picked up from the slumber party. At night some of the girls who had bullied her had sheared off half of her hair. We see Ally and Aidan in Tyler's mother's apartment where she is sobbing. Tyler is lying on the bed with Caroline who is also sobbing. Tyler won't leave until she is asleep. Then Tyler and Ally go out to the porch and talk. Tyler's father comes to comfort Caroline, which is surprising because no one thought he really loved her. Tyler takes Caroline to school where she has a new haircut and the girl who cut her hair remarks that she likes it. Tyler shoves the girls desk and throws a fire extinguisher out the classroom window. Tyler goes to jail for vandalism and his father posts his bail. Tyler's father says he is taking care of the bully problem at Caroline's school. He asks Tyler to come to his office the next day to talk to the lawyers. Tyler says again that he didn't call him. Tyler spends the night with Ally and leaves her a note saying he'll be back. Tyler's father doesn't expect Tyler to show up on time so he goes to take Caroline to school. When Tyler calls him and says he is at the office he is surprised and tells him to wait. Tyler sits in his fathers chair and notices that the screensaver on his father's computer is pictures of their family. Tyler didn't realize his father cared that much. We cut to a teacher writing the date on the board at Caroline's school, September 11 2001. We see Tyler looking out the window of his father's office as if he heard something. The screen moves back and we see that Tyler is in the 92nd floor of one of the twin towers. The shot fades to black. We then see.. Tyler's mother, Caroline, and his father run outside sobbing. Ally and Aidan confusedly run to the roof of their building and burst into tears. Ally's father instructs other policemen near the twin towers while sobbing. We see Tyler's journal among the rubble. Cut to Caroline leaving stones on Tyler's grave and we hear a voiceover of Tyler saying he forgives Michael for killing himself. We see Tyler's father taking Caroline to the Met, one of her favorite places in the world. We see Aidan with a tattoo on his arm that says Tyler. Then we see Ally waiting on the subway platform where her mother was murdered. She gets on the subway for the first time in years and smiles as the credits roll.
tt0172156
Action,Comedy,Crime
Staring Martin Lawrence (Marcus Burnett) and Will Smith (Mike Lowery) is the second in a series of movies, which they play under cover vice cops in Miami. This time they are out to take down a Cuban drug kingpin Johnny Tapia (Jordi Molla) who is smuggling Ecstasy pills into Miami. Martin has some mental issues with his partner, and they squabble with each other all through the movie. Martin wants to break away from Will, and Martin has good reasons, especially, after Will shoots him in the rear.
tt0396269
Comedy,Romance
John Beckwith (Owen Wilson) and Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn) are business partners and lifelong buddies. They are divorce mediators with a recreational hobby of crashing weddings to pickup chicks. They've been given a secret set of wedding crashing rules by Chaz (Will Ferrell) the guru of wedding crashing. John and Jeremy crash any and all weddings and pretend to be brothers working as venture capitalists or some other line of work. They are so charming that they are able to bluff their way through each wedding when relatives ask who they are. Each spots a beautiful woman and catches her eye. Eventually, each wins the chosen woman's heart, and then it's on to the next wedding! They never stay in the background, but actually get in all the action and pictures of the cutting of the cake, the carrying of the wedding couple, and dancing with the bride. They become a hit at each reception. The daughter of Treasury Secretary William Cleary (Christopher Walken) is getting married, and it will be the social event of the year. After crashing the wedding, John and Jeremy set their target on the two Cleary sisters, Claire (Rachel McAdams) and Gloria (Isla Fisher). Jeremy is able to get close to Gloria, but John has Claire's boyfriend to contend with. John and Jeremy are able to get invited to a weekend party at the Cleary family estate, where they learn a few lessons about love. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0800039
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The scene opens with Peter Bretter (Jason Segel) in his house. The house is kind of a wreck and hes eating a huge bowl of cereal. Hes watching Access Hollywood and they are recapping his five year relationship with Sarah Marshall (Kristen Bell) an actress who plays in a CSI type TV show. He writes the music for the show and they look really happy together. Following that is a music video starring Aldous Snow (Russell Brand). He's a British hippy-free-love type singer and is apparently considered very cool. The phone rings and it's Sarah calling to say she's on her way home. He quickly jumps up and starts to clean. He throws a bunch of stuff in the closet and then hops in the shower. He comes out of the shower in nothing but a towel. Sarah is standing there and says something along the lines of we need to talk. Peter drops his towel and the audience is given a full view of Jason Segel's front side. Actually, pretty much this whole scene is Jason Segel walking around naked. Peter is upset and asks if there is someone else. Sarah says no. Peter says they should just hold each other like they used to and she would love him again. They hug even though he's naked and it's incredibly awkward. Sarah finally admits that there is someone else and walks away. Peter meets his step brother Brian (Bill Hader) at the bar. Brian thinks Peter needs to get over it. Peter thinks he just needs to sleep with someone since Sarah is already sleeping with someone so Brian agrees to help him meet some women. Peter ends up going home with one of the women. He starts crying afterwards when he has flashbacks of all he good times he had with Sarah. Peter then goes to the doctor because hes paranoid that he may have an STD. The doctor is actually a pediatrician and tells Peter he should sleep with as many women as possible to get over his ex girlfriend. There is then a montage of Peter sleeping with various women. Peter is still distraught and can't work. His brother Brian comes over to his house and it's a complete dump. Peter is trying to burn all the pictures he has of Sarah because she's everywhere and he can't get over her. Brian tells Peter that Sarah was always kind of a bitch to him and his wife. Peter gets mad and says that Sarah is better than Brian's wife. Brian gets really mad and says that his wife is carrying his unborn child and that Peter is not even blood since they're step siblings. Brian says that Peter should get away somewhere. Peter says that Sarah used to talk about this place in Hawaii that was really beautiful. Brian doesn't think that's a good idea but Peter says he's going. Peter gets to Hawaii and goes to the hotel. There is a newly married couple in front of him Darald and Wyoma (Jack McBrayer and Maria Thayer). The couple leave and Peter is greeted at the front desk by Rachel Jansen (Mila Kunis). He says he doesn't have reservations but he thought he'd try his luck. She says that the only room available is the nicest suite in the house which costs $6,000 a night. He says he can't afford it, but just then he notices Sarah walking towards him. Rachel says that Sarah and her new boyfriend are staying there and that everyone is really excited. Peter tells Rachel that he and Sarah just broke up three weeks ago and he came here to get over her. Sarah walks up followed by her new boyfriend Aldous Snow and wants to know if Peter is following her and if he's staying there. He says that of course he isn't following her. Hes about to say that he's not staying there but then Rachel says that he's been booked for four nights into the expensive quite. Sarah looks put out and walks off. Peter tells Rachel thank you for saving his face but that he still can't afford it. She says he can stay there for free as long as he cleans up after himself since no one uses that suite but Oprah. Peter calls Brian and Brian tells him to stop following Sarah and go to another hotel. Peter doesn't want to because it will look like he's running way. The audience sees that he continues to follow Sarah and Aldous to their room which is at ground level. Sarah and Aldous start to make out but Peter clears his throat to get their attention and then walks on up to his room. He tells Brian that he's sure that he ruined Sarah's day. The next scene is Sarah and Aldous having sex in many different positions. Clearly Sarah's day has not been ruined. Peter on the other hand is upstairs watching her TV show and crying like a baby. Rachel from the front desk calls and says that there are reports of a woman crying loudly. Peter denies that it's him but the next scene is him curled in the fetal position on the floor crying loudly. Peter goes to dinner at the restaurant and the host Matthew (Jonah Hill) makes him feel uncomfortable because he's there by himself. Then he seats Peter at the table across from Sarah and Aldous. Aldous invites Peter to join them. Peter says no but offers to buy them drinks. Aldous says that he is seven years sober and clean (he used to be an intravenous drug user) and shows seven bar tattoos on his neck that prove it. At the table behind Peter, a couple gets engaged. Peter leaves the table. Sarah comes after him and asks again if he followed her to Hawaii. He again denies it and thanks her for dating Aldous after him since Aldous probably shared needles. She asks how long he is staying. She is clearly unhappy. He tells her he's happy there and that he'll probably stay for a while. Peter gets drunk at the bar and is joined by Darald. We learn through flashbacks that he and his new wife are having difficulties in bed. The next morning Peter goes to breakfast and orders pineapple juice with Rum which the waiter brings him. He decides he's going to try surfing and goes to find Chuck (Paul Rudd). Chuck agrees to teach him how to surf and also offers him weed which Peter says no to. Chuck tells Peter that when life gives you lemons, you just have to throw the lemons out. Peter does not learn how to surf. Peter goes back to his room and talks to Brian through a webcam. Brian tells him he just needs to meet more people. Chuck thinks the people are weird but thinks he might ask Rachel out. Brian thinks it's a bad idea but his wife thinks it's a good idea. Its the fourth of July picnic and Peter sees Rachel greeting customers. He's about to ask her out but loses his nerve. He goes to sit down and Matthew tries to take his plate because he's seated by himself. There is a band playing but Matthew gets up on stage and asks Aldous to come up and play a song for everyone. Aldous agrees and comes up and sings a very sexual song for Sarah. Peter walks off towards the beach and talks to a guy who was serving food at the buffet that morning. (we'll call him Buffet Guy or BG for short) BG tells Peter he needs to stop telling people that he and Sarah broke up. He offers to let Peter help him prepare the pig for the luau that evening. Peter thinks he's talking about cooking the pig but Peter ends up having to help wrangle and then stab the pig. At the luau Peter finally asks Rachel out. She just wants to hang out as friends at beach party that evening. At the beach, Rachel tells Peter that she was with this guy for two years and quit school and moved out here for him. Two weeks later she discovered him cheating on her. But she's happy where she is and doesn't want to go back to school. Peter admits that he hates writing for the TV show and really wants to finish his rock opera about Dracula made for puppets. Just then, Rachel's ex shows up and she tells Peter when she tells him to run, he should run. She gets up and wants to fight her boyfriend. BG steps in and ends up clocking the boyfriend while Peter drags Rachel off. Peter and Rachel go to a bar where a band is playing. Rachel says that she wants to go to the bathroom or get a drink (or something) and Peter offers to hold her purse. She says she's not that kind of girl. He has a flashback of all the times Sarah made him hold her purse and stand in the background while she took pictures. Peter goes to the bathroom and there is a bunch of pictures of girls flashing including one of Rachel. Peter tells Rachel about it and she says she knows but that her boyfriend made her do it and now the owner of the bar won't give it back. He offers to take it but she says the owner would kill him. Just then, the band announces they're taking a break but that Peter is going to come up and play a piece from his puppet/Dracula/rock opera. He plays the song and sings like Dracula. Rachel thinks it's great and half the people like it, the other half don't seem to get it. Rachel drives him back to the hotel and both agree that they had a nice time. He leans over to kiss her but she moves away because she doesn't want to complicate things. Peter goes up to the bar and Chuck is sitting there with Darald. Chuck doesn't have any idea who Peter is any more. Peter tells them that he just had a date with Rachel but they pooh pooh the idea and say that's not possible. The bartender says that she's in customer service and that he probably thinks strippers like him too. Darald's wife comes down and drags him back to their bed. The next day, Sarah and Aldous are in their room when Sarah gets a phone call. She finds out that her show has been cancelled and she's somewhat upset. She tells Aldous and he's happy because he thinks she'll go on tour with him now. She gets upset because he had not told her he was going on an 18 month tour of Europe and he's leaving in two weeks. She tells him she can't go because she's a working actress. He says she's not employed anymore and she can be the head of his groupies. Shes upset that he didn't tell her about the tour and he adds that he didn't tell her that he has genital herpes because hes not having an outbreak. Peter sees Sarah sitting alone at the bar. She tells him about the show and he asks her if she's doing okay. She says yes but he tells her to cut the bull because shes not on The View. She tells him she's upset about it and doesn't want to fade out of sight. He makes some jokes and cheers her up. He has a flashback to him singing his rock opera song to her and she tells him that she doesn't get it. Later, Peter goes up to Rachel and she asks him if he wants to hang out again that afternoon. He says he wants to go for a hike and asks her to come. She agrees but as they're leaving they run into the bartender who's dressed in a wetsuit, he wants Peter to go snorkelling with him but Rachel drags him off laughing towards the trail. Sarah witnesses this and looks thoughtful. Peter and Rachel walk up to top of a cliff that overlooks the bay. He talks about the fact that they are similar because they've both been hurt. They feel impervious to pain. Like they could just jump off the cliff into the water and not get hurt. Rachel says they should just do it. Peter thinks this is a metaphor for them kissing and leans in to kiss Rachel as she jumps off the cliff into the water. She tells him he should jump too. He tries to jump but ends up half falling and almost killing himself. He eventually lets go and is not hurt. Rachel kisses him. Sarah goes up to Rachel at the front desk and asks if there's a good Sushi place around there. She tells Rachel she saw Rachel and Peter together and that Peter is really great guy. Sarah tells Rachel that she's really pretty and then starts to cry. The next day Peter wakes up and BG is standing over him (another naked shot of Jason Segel). Dakota Fanning needs the suite so Peter is going to have to move to a different room. The next shot is him in the patio next door to Sarah. He tells her it was the only room available. Darald asks Aldous how he can please his wife. Aldous shows Darald how to have sex with his wife using giant chess pieces out on the beach. Meanwhile Peter goes up to Chuck and tells him hes ready to surf. Chuck gives him the board and he paddles out into the water. Aldous is out there and they talk about the song Peter is writing. Aldous likes it. They talk about Sarah and Peter mentions they were together for five years. Aldous says that Peter has four years on him meaning that Aldous and Sarah were having sex for a year before she broke things off with Peter. Peter is royally angry and tells Aldous to get out of there. Peter finally is able to get on his surfboard when a wave comes up but he surfs right over Aldous and knocks him off his board. Peter pulls Aldous out of the water and Aldous is yelling that his leg hurts. There is a piece of coral in his leg which Peter pulls out. As soon as he does, the wound starts gushing blood which causes Peter to faint. Peter wakes up in Sarah's room and she is sitting beside him. She did not want him to wake up by himself. He confronts her about her cheating on him and starts to storm out. She asks him to stay and talk to her and he does. She tells him that she tried really hard, but that she couldn't get him to come out of his shell. That he spent an entire week in sweat pants (funny montage of Peter in the same pair of sweat pants doing different things). She says she talked to a therapist, read books, and talked to her mom to try to help him, but she couldn't pull him out of his house. He storms off around the corner to his patio. That evening Sarah and Aldous are getting dressed for dinner. Aldous comes out in a sheer black shirt. Sarah wonders why he's not wearing the shirt she bought for him. He clearly does not want to wear it and Sarah remembers all the times she bought tacky clothes for Peter to wear and he wore them proudly because she had given them to him. The next scene is Aldous wearing a very tacky Hawaiian shirt that Sarah apparently bought for him and the two of them are walking towards the restaurant. He's upset about having to wear the shirt. As they walk up, Peter and Rachel are standing in line in front of them. The host Matthew just gave the last table to Rachel and Peter and is very upset that he has to tell his idol Aldous that he'll have to wait five minutes for a table. Peter offers to let them sit with them which Sarah promptly accepts. Peter tells Rachel that he's sorry, he didn't think they would say yes. Rachel did think Sarah would say yes. Neither Rachel nor Aldous are very happy. Dinner is awkward although there is a really funny scene where they make fun of a movie Sarah made about cell phones that kill people (Kristen Bell starred in a movie called Tone which was about cell phones that killed people it didn't do very well at the box office). Everyone (except Aldous) is drinking way too much wine. Aldous tells the table that his theory of life is that you should have sex with as many people as possible as much as possible. Peter disagrees. Sarah is very upset at this point and takes it out on Rachel by saying something bitchy. Rachel responds with something equally bitchy and then leans over and kisses Peter. Sarah is not happy. There is also a montage during this scene of Darald and his wife having sex in many different positions and clearly enjoying it. The next scene is Peter and Rachel making out in his room. He tells her she's too drunk but she wants to have sex anyway. They start to have sex and Sarah hears them in the next room. She wakes up Aldous so that he'll have sex with her. She fakes an orgasm and yells really loud. Peter yells back while he and Rachel have sex. Aldous pushes Sarah off of him and is very offended that she faked an orgasm with him. He says she isn't over Peter and that he's going to leave. Sarah gets mad and tells him that all of his tattoos are stupid and he responds by telling her that he had sex with their housekeeper. Peter and Rachel wake up and agree that they really like spending time together. Peter then has a really fun day. He doesn't have anything to drink and is the life of the party at the pool. He runs into Aldous in the lobby and Aldous tells him that he and Sarah broke up. Aldous thinks Peter wants Sarah back but Peter doesn't think that he does. Peter goes to Sarah's room to see how she's doing. She starts to cry and tells him she wants him back. She tries to kiss but he tells her no. Finally she says that she's really sorry so he starts to kiss her back. They try to have sex, but he's not turned on by her anymore. She even tries to give him a blow job, but it doesn't work. Peter goes and tells Rachel what he did and she's incredibly hurt. She tells him not contact her ever again. Peter goes to the bar and takes the picture of her out of the bathroom. The bartender comes in and beats the tar out of him but he keeps the picture. He goes back to the hotel and gives her the picture without a word and then leaves. Peter goes back home and finishes his rock opera. Rachel gets a flyer in the mail with the advertisement for the play. She doesn't think she wants to go but the bar tender convinces her that Peter clearly loves her and she should give him another shot. The next scene is opening night of the rock opera. We get to see the closing scene and song of the play which is rather comical. Peter sees Rachel sitting in the audience and is very happy. Everyone likes the show and it gets a standing ovation. He meets up with Rachel after the show and she says shes in town to look at schools. He asks if she wants to hang out with him and she says yes. He asks if she still has his number. She leaves and he goes to the dressing room to take off his unitard. Rachel comes back to the dressing room just as he tries to call her. He's naked again and the audience again gets a full frontal view. Rachel laughs and they hug and evidently live happily ever after. During the credits there is an advertisement for Sarah Marshall's new TV show. It looks super cheesy and she plays a detective that can channel her dog's mind.
tt0147800
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Cameron James (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), the new kid at Padua High School, is given a tour of the school by Michael Eckman (David Krumholtz), who is an audio-visual geek and former leader of a clique of future MBAs. Michael provides Cameron with information on the schools various cliques. During the tour, Cameron spots the beautiful and popular Bianca Stratford (Larisa Oleynik) and is immediately smitten with her. Michael warns that Bianca is shallow, conceited, and worst of all, not allowed to date. Michael does, however, inform Cameron that Bianca is looking for a French tutor. At the Stratford residence, Biancas outcast older sister Kat (Julia Stiles) receives a letter of acceptance to Sarah Lawrence College. Her protective father, Walter (Larry Miller), is distraught by the news, as he wants Kat to attend college nearby. Kat distracts her father by revealing that Bianca was given a ride home from school by Joey Donner (Andrew Keegan). Bianca begs her father to allow her to date, but to no avail. Kat's aversion to dating prompts the father to come up with a new rule: Bianca can only date if Kat is dating. Cameron starts tutoring Bianca, and she informs him of her fathers rule after Cameron makes many failed attempts to ask her out. This news motivates Cameron and Michael to set out to find a boy who is willing to date Kat. Cameron suggests Patrick Verona (Heath Ledger), an outcast who is just as ill-tempered as Kat. Cameron tries asking Patrick for his assistance, but Patrick scares him off. Michael then poses the idea to Joey, also attempting to date Bianca, to pay Patrick to take Kat out. Patrick agrees, but Kat, however, wants nothing to do with Patrick. Cameron and Michael finally explain their situation to Patrick and inform him that Bogie Lowenstein (Kyle Cease) is throwing a party (this is actually a plot by Michael to get revenge, as a rumor from Bogie had got him kicked out of their clique). Cameron and Michael spread rumors around school that Bogie's party will have free beer and dancing, although it is actually a small private gathering. At the party, Kat tells Joey to stay away from her sister. Joey brags that he cannot guarantee she'll stay away from him. Kat gets upset and begins drinking, leading her to dance drunkenly on a table. Meanwhile, Cameron discovers that Bianca was using him to find a date for Kat so that Bianca could date Joey. Cameron decides to stop trying to date Bianca, but Patrick convinces him to go for it. Bianca asks Cameron for a ride home after discovering Joeys true character. Cameron drops her off and tells her that he really likes her and was very disappointed in her. At that point Bianca kisses Cameron. Patrick brings Kat home, and she drunkenly tries kissing Patrick. He suggests they should do that some other time, hurting Kats feelings. The next day at school, Patrick publicly sings Can't Take My Eyes Off Of You to Kat in front of everyone asking her forgiveness, landing him in detention. Kat gets him out of detention by "flashing" the soccer coach. Kat and Patrick spend the day together, and they both realize that they truly do like each other. Patrick, motivated by Joey's bribe of $300, asks Kat to the prom. However, she is suspicious of his motives and they get into a fight. Bianca tries to convince her father to let her go to the prom, but he refuses, since Kat isnt going. Bianca confronts Kat. Kat then reveals that she dated Joey and they had sex, mostly because everyone else was doing it. However, when Kat told Joey that she wasn't ready for sex and did not want to do it again, he immediately broke up with her. Even though she forbade Joey to tell anyone of their one time together or else she would tell all the cheerleaders how tiny he is, Kat still felt immense rejection, thus spurring her to not do anything ever again just because everyone else was doing it and distanced herself from her peers. Bianca and Kat end up going to the prom with Cameron and Patrick. Joey is furious to learn that Bianca has gone to prom with Cameron, and confronts Patrick about the "arrangement" in front of Kat. Kat blows up at Patrick and leaves. Joey subsequently confronts Cameron about manipulating the 'deal' for himself, but after he punches Cameron, Bianca hits Joey three times herself, leaving him curled up in pain on the floor with a broken nose and a black eye. The next morning, Bianca thanks Kat for going to prom and the sisters make up. Kat's father allows her to go to Sarah Lawrence. At school, Kat reads a poem which she wrote for English class, titled "10 Things I Hate About You" (written about Patrick). While reading the poem, she reveals (in front of the entire class) how hurt she was by what Patrick did and how much she really cares about him ("But mostly I hate the way I don't hate you. Not even close, not even a little bit, not even at all"). Patrick is shown to be touched by her revelation. In the parking lot, Kat finds a guitar Patrick bought her with the money Joey paid him, and he admits that he messed up their deal by falling for her. Kat forgives Patrick and the two kiss and make up. (Source: WikiPedia. Bangs_McCoy)
tt0116483
Comedy,Sport
At the beginning of the movie Happy Gilmore (Adam Sandler) talks about his life. His mom moved to Egypt because of his father's obsession for hockey. Shortly after that, his father was killed by a hockey puck to the head. Then Happy was forced to move in with his grandmother (Frances Bay). Happy Gilmore had many jobs like janitor, gas station attendant, security guard, plumber and a construction worker. The construction job didn't work out well because he shot his giant boss, Mr. Larsen (Richard Kiel) in the head with a nail gun which got Happy beaten up very badly. Happy Gilmore has hockey tryouts and doesn't make the team so he gets in a fist fight with the coach of the team. When Happy gets home, his girlfriend leaves him because she says he is a loser. The next morning Happy goes to his Grandma's house because the IRS is going to take her home and everything in it. Happy is angry so he throws the IRS agent (Robert Smigel) through the front door. He is told to get the house back, they need to come up with $270,000. Happy wants to watch the hockey game at his grandma's house so he goes outside to tell the moving guys to get back to work. The 2 guys try out golf clubs and then challenge Happy to see if he can outdrive one of them. If he does then they will get back to work. Happy hits the ball over 400 yards and breaks a window of a house. Then the men ask him do it again for $20. He does it and hits a man in the head. Then they offer him double or nothing and he does and this time hits woman in the head and she falls off a roof. That is when he notices his ability to drive a golf ball. Happy then brings his grandma to the nursing home where she will live. The next day Happy goes to the driving range to hustle people and earn some money. He outdrives everyone there. A former club pro with a fake hand, Chubbs Peterson (Carl Weathers) introduces himself near the batting cages and tells him to enter the Waterbury Open. Happy refuses but Chubbs tells him he can make money. Happy thinks of grandma so he decides to enter the Waterbury Open. The day of the Waterbury Open, Shooter McGavin (Christopher McDonald) is introduced to everyone there. He is the top pro golfer and the money leader. The winner of the Waterbury Open gets to join the Pro Tour. Happy Gilmore wins the Waterbury Open. Chubbs offers Happy six months of training to get better at putting but he refuses. Happy needs the money within a certain amount of time and can't afford to miss the oppurtunity to win money on the tour. Happy meets Virginia (Julie Bowen) who is a journalist for the tour. Happy Gilmore attends a tour party and is told by Shooter to meet him at the 9th green at nine. Happy goes and the sprinklers go off so now he wants to beat up Shooter. Happy goes to visit grandma at the nursing home and she pretends to like it there even though she hates it. The orderly (Ben Stiller) threatens her and says if she tells Happy that they abuse people then she will be killed. The AT&T Open is the first event of the tour and Happy Gilmore doesn't do very well. Happy Gilmore and Virginia go on a date to ice skate and she kisses Happy. Later in the tour Happy is paired with Bob Barker in a tournament. Bob Barker is mad at Happy for doing bad in the tournament because a man is annoying Happy. Happy gets in a fistfight with Bob and loses. Chubbs takes Happy to a miniature golf course to play a game. Happy does good so Chubbs gives him a putter that looks like a hockey stick as a gift. Happy tells Chubbs that he has a gift for him and opens up a wooden box. The box contains the alligator that bit of Chubbs hand. Chubbs is so frightened, he accidentally falls out of the window and dies. Shooter McGavin buys the house at the auction and says he will piss on the ashes after he burns it down. Happy is threatened so he must now win the tour. The final event of the year is the Tour Championship which can get Happy enough money to get his grandma' house back. Shooter is intimidated by Happy so he hires people to distract Happy Gilmore during the championship. The match is close the whole way. A crazy fan, ordered by Shooter, runs Happy over with a car, but Happy is still okay. After the crazy man, ran over Happy, he drives into a tower which falls onto the green blocking Happy's chance for a birdie to win the tour. The judges say that he must play it as it is. Happy remembers the amazing putt he made at the miniature golf course and it is similar here. Happy hits the ball of the car and it goes through pipes and amazingly lands in the hole. Happy wins the tour championship and gets the gold jacket. A hysterical and pissed off Shooter steals the jacket and runs away with it but Mr. Larsen, along with an angry mob of Happy's supporters, catches up to him and beats him up, taking the jacket back from him to Happy. Happy, Virginia, Grandma and the homeless man who was Happy's caddy all go back to grandma's house. Celebrating outside, Chubbs' ghost, along with the alligator Happy killed and Abraham Lincoln, look down to Happy from Heaven, congradulating him for his success. However, only Happy sees them as Grandma asks him who he's waving at. They go into the house. THE END
tt0092890
Drama,Music,Romance
During the opening credits, the Ronettes sing Be My Baby with images of couples dancing in the background. Toward the end of the credits, Cousin Brucie, a radio DJ, is heard announcing the next song, the Four Seasons' Big Girls Don't Cry. As the film begins, Big Girls Don't Cry continues. Frances "Baby" Houseman (Jennifer Grey) is in the back seat of the family car. It's the summer of 1963, and Baby and her affluent Jewish family are headed for Kellerman's Mountain House, a Catskills resort where her father, Dr. Jake Houseman (Jerry Orbach), is employed as personal physician of resort owner Max Kellerman (Jack Weston). Baby and her older sister, Lisa (Jane Bruckner), take a merengue lesson led by former Rockette Penny Johnson (Cynthia Rhodes). That evening, Baby heads up to the main house, where she overhears Max giving orders to the waiters to show all the young women, "even the dogs", a good time. When the entertainment staff enters, including Johnny Castle (Patrick Swayze), Max lays out their rules: "Teach the daughters dances they pay to learn, but otherwise no funny business: no conversations, and keep your hands off". Johnny listens, but says nothing. During dinner we learn that Baby is enrolled in Mount Holyoke College to study economics of developing countries. She plans to enlist in the Peace Corps, while Lisa aspires to be an interior decorator. Max introduces the girls to his grandson, Neil (Lonny Price), who is studying hotel management at Cornell and is Entertainment Director at the resort. While Baby reluctantly dances with Neil, Tito Suarez (Charles Honi Coles) tap dances and leads the resort's band in a foxtrot. To impress Baby, Neil tells her he's going to Mississippi with a couple of the busboys on a Freedom Ride. When the band plays Johnny's mambo, Johnny and Penny perform a lively, sensual dance. Max insists they stop showing off; they're supposed to sell dance lessons, to the guests, not dance together. To escape Neil and some boring games, Baby wanders toward the staff quarters, which are off-limits to guests. She hears music ('Where Are You Tonight?') coming from one of the bungalows, and meets one of the staff, Johnny's cousin Billy Kostecki (Neal Jones), whom she helps carry watermelons to a staff party where she's shocked to see the couples "dirty dancing" to 'Do You Love Me?'. When Johnny and Penny enter and begin to dance, Baby's eyes are glued to Johnny and his every move. As the workers dance to Otis Redding's 'Love Man', Johnny teaches Baby how to dirty dance and she loves it, but at the end of the song Johnny disappears. The next evening when Baby goes for a walk with Neil, they see Lisa and Robbie Gould (Max Cantor), a Yale medical student and waiter, coming from the golf course. Lisa is disheveled from Robbie's sexual advances and they are quarreling. Later when Neil takes Baby into the kitchen for a snack, she finds Penny cowering in a corner. She tells Neil she needs to check on Lisa, but runs instead to tell Billy, who tells Johnny, and the three rush back to the kitchen to find Penny. On the way, Baby learns that Penny is pregnant. Having seen Johnny and Penny sexily dancing together, Baby assumes Johnny is the father. When they find Penny, Johnny comforts her, takes her back to his bungalow, and offers her part of his meager salary for an abortion. Penny refuses, saying it's not right and besides, it's not enough; she needs $250. During the conversation, Baby learns that Robbie, who is supposedly dating her sister, is responsible for Penny's pregnancy. The next day, Baby confronts Robbie and tries to get him to give Penny $250 for an abortion. When the arrogant and womanizing Robbie rebuffs her, she warns him to stay away from her and her sister or she'll have him fired, after which she throws a pitcher of water on him. Baby goes to her father and reminds him that he has always told her if she knows someone is in trouble, she should help. She asks him for $250, but doesn't tell him why she needs it. After a few questions, her father gives her the money. Later that evening, Baby returns to the place where the staff dirty dances, finds Penny, and presents her with the money. At first, Penny refuses. Billy tells Baby that he can only get Penny an appointment with a doctor the following Thursday, the day Penny and Johnny are booked to dance at the Sheldrake, another Catskills hotel. If they cancel, they'll lose an entire season's pay. Although she has very little dance experience, Baby volunteers to fill in for Penny, and Johnny eventually agrees to teach her Penny's moves. They begin with a mambo, to a short excerpt from an unnamed Latin song, then the Surfaris' recording of 'Wipeout'. Over the next week, Baby takes dance lessons from Johnny. Progress is slow, but with Johnny's patient instruction and Penny's assistance, Baby begins to catch on. After a particularly exhausting rehearsal, a frustrated Johnny yells at Baby for a misstep. Baby shouts back at him,reminding him that she is doing all of 'this' to save his job, and vents her frustration at the fact that, despite the Sheldrake gig being just two weeks away, he hasn't shown her the 'lift' move. This other side of Baby wins Johnny's respect, and he agrees to start 'lift' practice straight away. With that, he whisks her off in his car to a meadow, with 'Overload' playing in the background. To teach her balance, they dance on a tree trunk that has fallen over a stream to 'Hey! Baby'. As Hey, Baby! continues, they practice some lifts for their dance number in the nearby lake. At the Sheldrake gig, Johnny and Baby dance to 'De Todo un Poco'. Their performance goes reasonably well even though Baby is so nervous that she aborts the dance's climactic lift. When Johnny and Baby get back to Kellerman's, Billy informs them that Penny's abortion was botched by a quack. When Baby sees Penny in agonizing pain, she runs to get her father, who treats Penny and asks who is responsible for Penny, and Johnny says he is, which Dr. Houseman mistakenly assumes means that Johnny got Penny pregnant. After saving Penny's life, then forbidding Baby from having anything further to do with "those people", Baby defies her father and goes directly to Johnny's cabin ('These Arms of Mine' playing in the background) and apologizes for the way her father behaved. Johnny tells Baby she's brave. She demurs, saying she was scared of never feeling for the rest of her life the way she feels when shes with him. When the record changes to 'Cry to Me', she asks him to dance with her, which turns into a dance of seduction... leading to Baby and Johnny having sex. The next day when Baby visits Penny to see how she's doing, Johnny shows up. Penny realizes that he and Baby are having an affair, so after Baby leaves, Penny reminds Johnny about his own admonition about not getting involved with the guests, but he doesn't listen. Later we see Johnny and Baby in bed together with 'Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow?' playing in the background. The next day while Mickey and Sylvia's recording of 'Love Is Strange' plays, we see dancing on the lawn, a volleyball game in progress, and Johnny and Baby rehearsing a cha-cha. Johnny, however, can't keep his mind on the dance. They lip sync the song, particularly "How do you call your lover boy? Come here, lover boy ...". Neil comes up the stairs, they hear him and hastily stop. Neil wants to propose that Johnny does something different for the final show of the season. Johnny gets excited that he may be allowed to finally do his own thing this year, but all Neil will allow is to replace the mambo with a pachanga. When Neil leaves, Baby scolds Johnny for letting Neil talk down to him, but Johnny reminds her that he needs this job the following summer. A little later when Baby and Johnny are walking together, she has him duck so her father doesn't see them together; then Johnny scolds her for not telling her father about their relationship. Later Baby tracks Johnny down in Penny's room; 'You Don't Own Me' is playing in the background. Robbie comes by, sees them, assumes Johnny is having sex with Baby, and makes a snide remark about having picked the wrong sister. Furious at Robbie for getting Penny pregnant and abandoning her, Johnny beats Robbie up. At a rehearsal for the final night talent show, Lisa rehearses a pitiful hula number (un-named song), during which one of the women guests, Vivian, tells Johnny she's arranged "something for the two of them" that evening. A few minutes later, Vivian's husband, who plans to play cards all weekend, offers Johnny a sizable tip to give his wife some extra dance lessons, but Johnny declines, saying he's all booked up for the weekend, at which Vivian is annoyed, but does nothing about it then. Later that evening, Lisa walks toward the employee cabins, intending to allow Robbie to finally make love to her (we hear 'Yes' on the soundtrack.) When she reaches Robbie's cabin, there is a towel hanging on the doorknob, which she does not recognize as a staff signal for "Do not disturb". First she knocks, then she enters, where she finds Robbie in bed with Vivian. Cut to Johnny and Baby in bed together, again after another night of passion, with 'Still of the Night' playing. Johnny tells her he dreamed they were walking together and met her father, who put his arm around him just like he had seen him do to Robbie. Later as Johnny and Baby kiss goodbye on the porch, Vivian sees them together and mutters: "Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned." The next morning at breakfast, Max tells the Housemans that someone stole Vivian's husband's wallet from his jacket while he was playing poker some time between 1:30 and 4:00 a.m. Johnny is the prime suspect, as Vivian reported him in the vicinity at the time. Baby protests that she knows Johnny didn't do it, and to save him from being fired, confesses that she was with him in his cabin all night, even though she knows her father will be angry. A little later, Baby apologizes to her father for not telling him the truth, but also accuses him of not telling her the truth: She says he's always told her that everyone is equal and deserves a fair break, and that she should better the world, but what he really wanted was for her to become a lawyer or an economist and to marry an Ivy League grad. Dr. Houseman is moved, but not enough to open up to her. While Johnny is eventually cleared of the theft charge when the police find the real thieves (an elderly couple named Mr. and Mrs. Schumacher), he is fired for having a relationship with a guest. Baby is distraught that Johnny got fired anyway, but he is proud of her for standing up for her principles and acting selflessly. Johnny and Baby say goodbye, her loneliness underscored with 'She's Like the Wind' (sung by Patrick Swayze). The resort's season finale begins with Neil leading the group in singing an anthem to Kellerman's (to the tune of 'Far Above Cayugas Waters'). Baby and her parents are seated at a corner table. Lisa, dressed in her hula outfit, sings and dances. Dr. Houseman, who still believes Robbie is a fine, upstanding medical student, presses an envelope on him, presumably containing a sizable check for his medical studies. Robbie thanks him, and expresses his appreciation for his handling the "Penny situation". Suddenly realizing it was Robbie who got Penny pregnant, Dr. Houseman grabs the envelope and stalks away. During another chorus of the anthem, Johnny shows up, finds Baby, and after expressing the now most memorable line in the movie, "nobody puts Baby in the corner", escorts her to the stage. Dr. Houseman starts to object, but his wife restrains him. Once on stage, Johnny interrupts the boring musical tribute to the resort, and announces that even though he's been fired, he always performs the last dance of the season. He announces that his partner will be not only a great dancer, but someone who proved that there are people willing to stand up for other people no matter what it costs them. He introduces her as Frances, as she's no longer a baby; she's a grown woman. Johnny and Baby dirty dance to 'I've Had The Time of My Life', the energy in the entire hall picks up, and the rest of the staff join in. Baby allows herself to trust both Johnny and her own capabilities, as Johnny lifts her high into the air as they'd been supposed to do in their Sheldrake performance (the pose that became the most recognizable image from the film). The assembled guests catch the spirit of the dance and join in while Max Kellerman acknowledges that the world is changing quickly. While everyone is still dancing, Baby and Johnny head for some privacy, but are stopped at the door by Dr. Houseman, who apologizes to Johnny and compliments Baby on her performance. Johnny and Frances/Baby return to the dance floor and Johnny lip-syncs the song's lyrics about having the time of his life and owing it all to her. The film ends with the camera panning out and up to show everyone in the hall enjoying the dance. During the closing credits, we hear a reprise of 'Yes' and more of Cousin Brucie's radio DJ patter.
tt0117509
Drama,Romance
The story revolves around three families from Verona. The Ruling House, the House of Capulet from where Juliet hails and that of Montague, the male protagonist's family. The story commences with a street brawl fired by the feud between the Montague and Capulet families. When the Prince of Verona announces that any further feud would result in punishment, Count Paris of the ruling house expresses his desire to marry Juliet, from the House of Capulet, who is only thirteen. Meanwhile, after the brawl, Benvolio learns about Romeo's lost-love Rosaline, one of Lord Capulet's nieces. The estranged meeting between Romeo and Juliet takes place at the ball arranged for Count Paris to meet Juliet. Romeo meets and falls head-over-heels in love with Juliet. Romeo discloses his identity to her on being 'encouraged in love'. They seek the support of Friar Laurence, who longs for a reconciliation between the two families and are secretly married. Tybalt, Juliet's cousin challenges Romeo to a duel on discovering that he had sneaked into the ball. However, because of Juliet, Romeo refuses to fight him and calls on the ire of Mercutio, who accepts the duel instead of Romeo. When Mercutio is wounded in the duel, Romeo shoots Tybalt dead and is exiled for the latter's death. Juliet's grief is worsened when Lord Capulet makes plans for her wedding with Count Paris. She seeks help from Friar Laurence. The plan they come up with is that Juliet would consume a drug that would take her into a coma for nearly two days. Romeo was to be informed of the plan via a messenger, who doesn't reach him in time. On the eve of her marriage to Count Paris, Juliet takes the drug and is declared dead. Romeo hears about her 'death' and buys poison before visiting the family crypt. Fate has other plans as Paris encounters Romeo and is killed by the latter. Believing that his lady love is dead, Romeo drinks the poison. When Juliet awakes to discover Romeo's corpse, she uses Tybalts gun and shoots herself in the head. The families meet at the tomb and hear the story of the lovers from the friar. They reconcile and the violent feud is declared over. The exact date when William Shakespeare wrote Romeo and Juliet remains unknown. Though there is mention about an 'earthquake 11 years ago', the dialogue highlights the earthquake in England in 1580. Hence, the popular belief is that the play was written in 1591. The dramatic techniques, paradigm shifts from hope to despair and then again rejuvenated hope adds emotion to the verse and strain of thought in prologue.
tt1307068
Adventure,Comedy,Drama
A broadcast announces that a seventy mile wide asteroid nicknamed 'Matilda' is on a collision course with Earth and that a last-ditch effort to destroy it has failed. The world has three weeks until impact, at which time all of humanity will be wiped out. Dodge Petersen (Steve Carell) and his wife, Linda (Nancy Carell), listen to the announcement (voice of Brad Morris) from their car radio at the side of the road. Seconds later, and without saying a word to him, Linda flees the vehicle. The next day, Dodge returns to a near empty workplace where he sells insurance. While everyone around him has reacted differently to the impending doom by either indulging in drugs or engaging in guilt-free sex, Dodge's life remains the same. Even the absence of his wife cannot shake the stagnant predictability of it. His housekeeper, Elsa (Tonita Castro), continues to show up at his apartment to clean despite Dodge's insistence that there is no further need to do so. After attending a friend's party, Dodge returns home and reminisces about his high school sweetheart, Olivia. He then notices his neighbor Penny (Keira Knightley) crying on the fire escape. She admits to him that she has just ended her relationship with her boyfriend Owen (Adam Brody) because he caused her to miss the last flight to England to see her family. Returning to her apartment, Penny gives Dodge a handful of mail she received for him but kept forgetting to deliver - indirectly telling him that Linda was having an affair. Dodge storms off into the night, guzzling cough syrup and Windex in an attempt to kill himself. The next morning, however, he regains consciousness and finds a note on his sweater reading "Sorry" accompanied by a dog (Aleister) tethered to his foot. He takes Sorry home and opens the rest of his mail where he is surprised to find a letter from Olivia. That night, a riot breaks out nearby. When a brick is thrown through his window, Dodge grabs Sorry and heads to Penny's apartment, urging she and Owen to leave with him. Penny rushes to grab her record collection and she and Owen follow him downstairs and outside to Penny's car...that has been boxed in by other cars. Owen steps out to give Penny guidance but impatiently berates her for what he sees as poor driving. Irritated and with the rioters quickly approaching, Penny slams on the gas, knocking the car in front of her out of the way and abandoning Owen. She tells a bewildered Dodge that Owen will be fine - as we see Owen pick up and throw a rock as he gets swept up in the riot. They drive out of town to avoid the riots, and Dodge tells Penny that, if she can drive him to find his high school sweetheart, he will take her to someone who can fly her to England to see her family. She agrees, however the car runs out of gas and Dodge and Penny are left to walk. Frustrated by the situation, Dodge snaps at Penny for failing to give him his mail in a timely manner, seeing that it would have given him all the time he needed to find Olivia. Feeling guilty for 'ruining his life', Penny hails an oncoming vehicle to take them to their respective destinations. The kindly trucker (William Petersen) picks them up and regales the couple with his life story. During a pit stop, Penny exits the truck and the trucker confronts Dodge on 'how he's going to do it'. He makes light of Dodge's confusion and is about to explain that he's hired an assassin to have himself killed. No sooner has he said this, when a bullet smashes through the front windshield and hits the trucker cleanly through the neck. Dodge watches as the assassin's car speeds off. Dodge and Penny bury the trucker and decide to take his truck further on...however they neglected to take the car keys out of the man's pocket, so they have to dig him up to get the keys. On the road again, they find a restaurant by the name of Friendsy's which appears to be alive with patrons. Hungry, Dodge and Penny enter and find the place buzzing with optimism and good cheer. Their host, Darcy T.J. Miller), cheerfully takes them to their table where Penny fibs that it's Dodge's birthday. The entire staff celebrates and Penny and Dodge are given inventive drinks and dishes, including a burger with a donut as a bun. After everyone sings the Friendsy's Birthday Song to Dodge, he get birthday kisses from the waitresses. Then so does Penny. As one of the waitresses drops to her knees under the table, Penny and Dodge run from the restaurant as everyone gets even friskier, including Darcy and waitress Katie (Gillian Jacobs). Penny and Dodge make it, laughing, to the truck and, on the spur of the moment, begin to make out and have sex. As they drive off, Dodge regrets his actions with a woman so young (Penny admits she's only 28) but she tells him it was merely end-of-the-world, casual sex. Soon after, they are pulled over by a policeman (Bob Stephenson), only when Dodge insists as Penny would rather try to outrun him. The officer demands to see Penny's license and registration despite her eloquent explanation to their predicament. When she admits that she has none of the required paperwork, the two are locked up in a holding cell at the station. The next morning, they are found by another officer (Jim O'Heir) who sympathetically releases them, cursing his subordinate for taking his quota too seriously. He gives them a lift to Camden where Penny's ex-boyfriend lives. He is named Speck (Derek Luke), a muscular, young military man who shows Penny and Dodge his titanium-walled shelter beneath his house. It is stocked with 6 month's worth of food and enough entertainment to last a lifetime. Speck is confident that his shelter will provide safety to survive the apocalypse for he and a few close friends. Penny notices a satellite phone, and Speck offers to let her call her family. While she is tearfully reunited with her parents and siblings over the phone, Speck bluntly tells Dodge that his company is no longer needed. Penny can stay, but he has to go. They need a healthy, young female to restart the human race. Penny requests from Speck one of his smart cars so that she can drive Dodge to where he needs to go. Speck agrees and makes her promise to return. Penny and Dodge track down Olivia's last known residence but the house is empty. Penny forces their entry and they find the home devoid of any inhabitants but stocked with food. They stay overnight and Penny plays some of her records on an old player they find. She also finds a letter from Olivia to her parents inside a kitchen drawer and sadly presents it to Dodge. Dodge says that the return address is not too far away. The next morning, they drive out to the house where Dodge walks up to the door alone before quickly returning to the car and driving off. Confused, Penny asks what happened. Dodge tells her that it appeared Olivia was home but he simply left her a letter on the doorstep. As they drive away, they nearly collide with a stream of couples and families crossing the road and making their way to a nearby beach. Dodge and Penny take Sorry and follow the assembly to the water's edge where each person is baptized under the hot sun. Standing on the shore, Dodge and Penny kiss, reaffirming their feelings for each other and, as the sun sets, they join the other people as they light bonfires and spend the waning hours playing music and socializing. Dodge teaches Penny how to play the harmonica before they return to the car. They continue on to Somerset County and stop at an isolated house. Dodge brings Penny to the door and they greet Frank (Martin Sheen) who recognizes Dodge and lets them in. He then reveals himself to be Dodge's estranged father, whom Dodge has not seen in twenty-five years. Penny is overwhelmed to meet him. While Penny freshens up before dinner, Dodge and Frank have a mild argument over Frank's absence in Dodge's life. Frank apologizes and, they reconcile. They all share a meal together and catch up on the time lost. After Penny falls asleep, Dodge carefully carries her outside where Frank is waiting in his plane to take her to England. Dodge rests her in the cockpit and gives her his harmonica as a keepsake, gingerly kissing her on the forehead and whispering that she is the love of his life. Dodge then shuts the door, nods to his father, and watches the plane fly away. He returns home to find Elsa in his apartment cleaning and she cheerily greets him. He angrily yells at her, telling her to go home to her family but, after seeing her confusion and despondence, apologizes for his outburst and tells her to forget it. She asks if she will see him the next week and leaves. Dodge turns on the television where the news anchorman (Mark Moses) announces that 'Matilda' is due to arrive prematurely and that only sixteen hours remain until impact. The anchorman thanks his audience for their attention before leaving to go home to his family, a statement that touches Dodge. Dodge goes to Penny's apartment and lies down on the floor, listening to her records before the power goes out. When he gets up, he finds Penny standing in the dark living room and she asks him how he could have left her. He admits that it was a stupid thing to do before they tearfully embrace. Shortly after, they lie in bed and Dodge asks Penny why she didn't go to her family. She tells him that her parents are romantics and will understand why she couldn't leave without Dodge. They talk about how things might have been between them if they'd known each other longer and Penny begins to panic as time grows short. Dodge calmly asks about her childhood and Penny tells him of her siblings and late sister, Patricia, as the first boom of impact sounds. Penny begins to cry and tells Dodge she's scared and wishes they could have saved each other. Dodge assures her that they did and smiles warmly at her. Penny smiles back, unafraid, as the screen brightens to white - then fades to black.
tt0356910
Action,Comedy,Crime
The film opens with John (Brad Pitt) and Jane Smith (Angelina Jolie) answering questions during marriage counseling. The couple has been married for "five or six" years, but their marriage is suffering to the point that they cannot remember the last time they had sex. They tell the story of their first meeting in Bogot, Colombia, where they met while both were secretly on the run from Colombian authorities. They quickly fell in love and were married. John later states that Jane "looked like Christmas morning" to him on the day they met. In reality, John and Jane are both skilled assassins working for different firms, both among the best in their field, but both with very different methods of assassination, with Jane working out thorough plans and John taking a less analytical approach. Each is concealing their true profession from their spouse. Under these cover stories, John and Jane balance their apparently mundane marriage which both of them find after a few years to be growing dull and suffocating with their secretive work. When both are assigned to kill Benjamin "The Tank" Danz (Adam Brody), they encounter each other on the job and botch the hit. Believing each had been sent to stop the other from completing their mission, they seek to discover and eliminate the other. After a few "mild" attempts on each other's lives, fueled by a mutual sense of betrayal, the marital spat culminates in a high-octane fight in the Smith house. After a long, evenly-matched fight, with their house shot to shambles, they wind up with guns in each other's faces. John balks, and lays his gun down; Jane finds she cannot shoot her spouse either, and both succumb to their love instead. Mr. and Mrs. Smith reunite and rediscover each other. The newly-rekindled Smith partnership is quickly threatened by their employers, who have now decided to eliminate the couple. John's best friend and coworker, Eddie (Vince Vaughn), turns down a bounty of $400,000 for each Smith, but John and Jane find themselves under fire from an army of assassins. Fending off an attack which blows up their house, the Smiths steal their neighbor's minivan and successfully destroy three pursuing armored cars of attackers, all while bickering over their fighting styles and newly-discovered personal secrets. After meeting with Eddie, the Smiths decide to fight together to preserve their marriage. They kidnap Danz from his high-security prison in order to give their employers something they want more than the Smiths. Danz reveals that he was merely bait, hired jointly by their employers after it was discovered that the Smiths were married, in the hopes of having one Smith kill the other. Danz also wears a cameo Fight Club t-shirt, referencing to Brad Pitt's previous movie of the same name. John and Jane forgo their separate contingency plans and make their stand together. In the final fight scene of the film, the Smiths now working smoothly together as a team defeat an extended attack by a large number of armed forces during a long shoot-out inside a department store. The film ends with the couple meeting the marriage counselor again, where the Smiths state how much their marriage has thrived and how happy they really are.
tt1010048
Drama,Romance
Slumdog Millionaire is the story of Jamal Malik (Patel), an 18 year-old orphan from the slums of Mumbai, who is about to experience the biggest day of his life. With the whole nation watching, he is just one question away from winning a staggering 20 million rupees on Indias "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?" But when the show breaks for the night, police arrest him on suspicion of cheating; how could a street kid know so much? Desperate to prove his innocence, Jamal tells the story of his life in the slum where he and his brother grew up, of their adventures together on the road, of vicious encounters with local gangs, and of Latika (Pinto), the girl he loved and lost. Each chapter of his story reveals the key to the answer to one of the game shows questions. Each chapter of Jamals increasingly layered story reveals where he learned the answers to the shows seemingly impossible quizzes. But one question remains a mystery: what is this young man with no apparent desire for riches really doing on the game show? When the new day dawns and Jamal returns to answer the final question, the Inspector and sixty million viewers are about to find out.
tt0077631
Musical,Romance
In 1958, during their summer vacation, Danny Zuko (John Travolta) and Sandy Olsson (Olivia Newton-John) meet at a beach. Scenes from their holiday are shown, but then the summer ends, and Sandy and Danny say their last good-byes. Danny seems to not want to let Sandy go, but Sandy is due to return to Australia. She is upset, thinking that this is the end of their romance and that they will never see each other again. Danny tries to comfort her by telling her that "it's not the end, it's just the beginning". However, Sandy's family has a change of plans and does not return to Australia, but Danny is unaware of this. Sandy enrolls at Rydell High School as a foreign-exchange student, where Danny is a student, as is Sandy's new friend Frenchy (Didi Conn), a member of the schoolgirl clique "The Pink Ladies." Danny is the leader of the boys' gang, "The T-Birds." Kenickie, second-in-command of the T-Birds, encourages Danny to tell them what he did over the summer, while the Pink Ladies likewise persuade Sandy. Through "Summer Nights" Sandy and Danny describe their vacation, and it is made clear that Danny is exaggerating; at the time, however, neither is aware of the other's presence at the school. Encouraged by the preppy school spirit girl, Patty Simcox (Susan Buckner), Sandy joins the Rydell cheerleaders. The Pink Ladies decide to reunite Danny and Sandy, but Danny wants to protect his cool image, and his behavior towards Sandy causes her to storm off in tears. Danny stares after her for a moment, but then quickly turns back into a cool guy and goes off with his friends. Frenchy attempts to cheer Sandy up by inviting her to a sleepover at her house with the rest of the gang; Sandy comes along, but Rizzo soon gets fed up with Sandy's goody-two-shoes behavior: Sandy chokes on a cigarette, cannot stand the taste of wine, and is horrified at the idea of having her ears pierced. Frenchy insists and takes her into the bathroom, but Sandy vomits at the first sight of blood. Frenchy announces to Jan (Jamie Donnelly) and Marty (Dinah Manoff) that she is dropping out of Rydell and going to beauty school, which she calls a very strategic career move. Rizzo (Stockard Channing) has had enough and lampoons Sandy, and even Frenchy joins in, singing the sarcastic "Look at Me, I'm Sandra Dee." The T-Birds arrive outside Frenchy's house. Rizzo leaves the sleepover and she and Kenickie (Jeff Conaway) flirt, then Kenickie invites her into the car, and dumps the other T-Birds. Danny leaves of his own accord while Rizzo and Kenickie drive off together and the other T-Birds go for pizza. Marty, the flirtatious member of The Pink Ladies, decides to write to one of her (numerous) pen pals, while Sandy goes outside, and decides that in spite of everything, she still loves Danny, singing "Hopelessly Devoted to You", a poignant love song that was added for the movie and was a big hit as a single. The scene shifts to Rizzo and Kenickie making out passionately in the back seat of his new car. They plan to take things a step further, but Kenickie's condom breaks. Rizzo, however, is unable to resist Kenickie, and they decide to have sex anyway. They are soon interrupted by Leo (Dennis Cleveland Stewart), leader of rival gang The Scorpions, who damages Kenickie's car. While at work repairing the car, the T-Birds fantasize about what it will look like when it has had a paint job, singing "Greased Lightning". Soon Danny gets the other T-Birds convinced that the rickety old car could actually be a "major piece of machinery". Later, Danny meets Sandy at the Frosty Palace, and tries to apologize for his actions. He sees that Sandy is sharing a soda with Tom Chisum (Lorenzo Lamas), a jock, and decides that if that's the sort of man she likes, he's going to join the jocks to impress her. We next see Danny's disastrous performances in basketball, wrestling, and baseball, where he keeps losing his temper. He finally finds his ideal sport in running, until the sight of Sandy distracts him, and he falls. Sandy leaves Tom Chisum to see if Danny is alright, and they are seemingly reconciled. Danny attempts to go to the Frosty Palace with Sandy so that they can be alone and not worry about ruining his image in front of his friends. They end up discovering the T-Birds and Pink Ladies are already there and Danny finds it hard to charm Sandy without looking weak in front of his friends. After everyone leaves the malt shop, Frenchy, who has been hiding her pink hair under a scarf, imagines a guardian angel to tell her what to do with her life, who turns out to be Frankie Avalon singing "Beauty School Dropout". Later, Danny takes Sandy to the school dance, where the TV show National Bandstand plans to broadcast live. Rizzo, now angry with Kenickie, takes the rival gang's leader, Leo, to the dance, thus enticing Kenickie to take the rival gang leader's girlfriend, Cha Cha DiGregorio (Annette Charles) who is also Danny's ex-girlfriend. The disc jockey Vince Fontaine (Edd Byrnes) is attracted to Marty and the two flirt. The dance features several well-known songs from the '50s covered by Sha Na Na. During the dance-off, Rizzo leaves in a huff, seeing Kenickie dancing with Cha Cha, and Danny and Sandy are one of the few couples still in the dance-off. But soon, Sonny pulls Sandy away from Danny, and Cha Cha starts dancing with Danny. Sandy realizes that Cha Cha was one of Danny's past girlfriends and a much better dancer. Sandy leaves the gym upset, and Danny and Cha Cha end up winning the contest. When they share their spotlight dance, three of the T-Birds run in front of the camera and moon the crowd. Later, Danny takes Sandy to a drive-in movie. Danny tries to remove the class ring he is wearing to give it to her, but in doing so he accidentally elbows Sandy in the chest. Danny gives Sandy the ring and she kisses him on the cheek, saying she realizes now he respects her. The scene cuts to Marty and Rizzo in the drive-in's restroom. Rizzo's unprotected sex with Kenickie has come back to haunt her--she tells Marty she missed a period. One of the T-Birds, Sonny (Michael Tucci), overhears Marty accidentally proclaiming to couples making out outside the restroom to make way for the "lady with a baby", and asks Marty what she meant so she tells him the story and the rumor spreads quickly. When Kenickie asks Rizzo why she didn't tell him about it, she lies and tells him it isn't his out of anger. He thanks her sarcastically, and leaves her standing by herself. Marty has also suffered as a result of her crush on Vince Fontaine--she reveals to Rizzo that she caught him trying to put an aspirin in her Coke. Back in the car Danny has his arm around Sandy. His hand lingers above her chest and she sees it and he starts trying to make out with her. She screams, gets out of the car, slams the door on Danny, throws back his ring (which she calls a "piece of tin"), and leaves the drive-in. Danny laments losing Sandy again, and reveals the true extent of his feelings for her in the song "Sandy" he is helpless without her. The next scene is the race between Leo and Kenickie in the Los Angeles River. Kenickie asks Danny to be his second, and Marty gives Kenickie a lucky penny. She drops it, and as Kenickie bends down to pick it up, he gets knocked out when one of the T-Birds opens the car door. As a result, Danny has to race in Kenickie's place. Sandy sits on the hill watching the neck-and-neck race, which Danny manages to win. While she is happy to see Danny win, she has misgivings about her own image, reflected in the song "Look at Me, I'm Sandra Dee (Reprise)". As the T-Birds and Pink Ladies celebrate with Danny, Frenchy spots Sandy and goes over to her. Sandy thinks that Frenchy can help her win Danny's heart, and asks to go over to her house to take advantage of Frenchy's suspect fashion skills. On the last day of school carnival, Danny arrives, wearing a letterman's sweater (earned through track) over his usual black attire. Sandy arrives wearing a black leather jacket, red peep-toe high heeled sandals, skintight black pants, off-the-shoulder top, curled hair, and smoking a cigarette abandoning her usual modest clothing. Danny finds her extremely attractive, falling at her feet, and then the two reunite, singing the upbeat "You're the One That I Want" (another song added for the movie, and a hit single before the movie even came out). Kenickie and Rizzo get together after Rizzo screamed from the Ferris wheel that she is not pregnant after all, and everyone sings the big finale, "We Go Together", and Danny and Sandy fly off in Danny's car and disappear into the sky.
tt0486655
Adventure,Family,Fantasy
Tristan Thorn (Charlie Cox) is the son of Dunstan Thorn and a captive princess called Una. The couple met only one night and fell in love instantly. Unfortunately, when Tristan was born, she was not allowed to keep him and instead sent him to live with his father. She put in his basket a "Babylon candle" and a letter to Tristan explaining everything. The story then jumps forward eighteen years to Tristan as a young man, in love with the prettiest girl, Victoria (Sienna Miller) in a small English town (Wall Village). He is desperate to bring her a newly fallen star by her birthday as that is the only way she will agree to marry him. He uses the candle to fly to where the star landed, which is not in England but in a magical land called Stormhold. Tristan soon discovers that the star is not what he expected. The star is actually a beautiful, immortal and spirited woman named Yvaine (Claire Danes). Despite this, Tristan is determined to marry Victoria. Tristan uses a silver chain that his father obtained while trying to free the princess to take Yvaine to England, promising to use the last of the magic candle to take her back to the sky afterwards. However, Tristan is not the only one seeking the star. Yvaine is in terrible danger because the surviving sons of the King (Peter O'Toole) are looking for her because only the jewel that she wears can secure the throne for one of them. Septimus, one of the princes, later finds out that a star's heart grants immortality. Septimus wants to devour her heart so that he can rule the kingdom forever. Additionally, the three witches known as "The Lilim" Mormo, Empusa and the eldest and the most powerful, Lamia (Michelle Pfeiffer) want her because they can recover their beauty and eternal youth by devouring the star's heart. As Tristan sets out to protect Yvaine and bring her back to Victoria at the other side of the wall his journey brings incredible encounters with the pirate Captain Shakespeare (Robert de Niro) and a shady trader (Ricky Gervais) among others. Yvaine and Tristan fall in love - Yvaine confesses her feelings to Tristan after the witch, Ditchwater Sal, turns him into a mouse, Yvaine not realizing that he can still understand her. After being changed back into a human Tristan is too woozy to continue the journey, and the two stop at an inn. Tristan tells Yvaine that he returns her love. While Yvaine sleeps, Tristan cuts a piece of her hair and goes back to England to tell Victoria that he no longer loves her. However when he tries to give Victoria the hair he finds that it has turned into stardust, or rock. He realizes that Yvaine cannot enter England and stay in human form and hurries back to the other side of the wall to find her. Unfortunately, he arrives too late. Una, having seen Yvaine solemnly head towards the wall, races to warn her. Lamia, too, heads towards the wall. The princess stops Yvaine just in time, but Ditchwater Sal, who's been keeping the princess captive, attacks her and drags her back to the cart. Lamia confronts Sal and kills her, which sets Una free. However, Yvaine and the Princess Una are both captured by Lamia and taken back to The Lilim's castle, Yvaine to be killed and the princess to be a servant. Tristan meets Septimus at the castle, and the two decide to attack the witches together. Septimus is about to attack Una when he sees that she is his sister, daughter of the King of Stormhold (the ghosts of the other six brothers are delighted to see her). Tristan, with the help of Septimus, manages to defeat Empusa, but Lamia kills Septimus. Tristan is forced to fight the prince's animated corpse and witches alone. Tristan defeats Mormo and the animated corpse of Septimus, and then confronts Lamia in a fierce battle. During the battle, Lamia nearly kills Tristan, but Yvaine, now knowing that Tristan really loves her, is able to unleash a powerful wave of light that disintegrates Lamia. Tristan picks up the jewel that Yvaine's been wearing. As it is restored to ruby red Tristan becomes the next king of the land of Stormhold, with Yvaine at his side as queen. Una, Tristan's mother, was the king's daughter, making Tristan the last male heir. It is stated that the two will live forever since Yvaine "gave" him her heart when she fell in love with him. After several generations pass, the two lovers use another Babylon candle, a wedding gift from Una, to return to the sky, where they become twin stars. And they still live happily ever after.
tt1193138
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The opening credits roll over a montage of aerial shots of the ground as seen from an airplane in flight, as Sharon Jones & the Dap-Kings sing "This Land Is Your Land." The plane lands and we see a series of talking heads -- people who have just been fired. Their reactions run the gamut from incredulousness and sadness to anger, and are directed at Ryan Bingham (George Clooney), who is sitting calmly behind a desk. He works for CTC, Career Transition Counseling. In a voice-over, Ryan introduces himself: "I work for another company that lends me out to pussies like Steve's boss, who don't have the balls to sack their own employees." There's a quick montage of retaliatory actions a disgruntled fired employee might engage in (pouring bleach in the coffee, sniper shooting), and we see Ryan offer a pat, sincere consolation to Steve, a fired employee. In a hotel room, experienced traveler Ryan expertly packs his suitcase. We see him drop off his rental car at an airport, bypassing the vacationers in the airport to check in at the frequent flyer desk, and powering through security with practiced moves as his voice-over lyrically describes the airport as his home. In first class, the stewardess asks him, "Cancer?" He looks at her quizzically. "Cancer?" He is confused, and she holds up a soft drink can, repeating, patiently: "Can, sir?" He shakes his head quickly and politely declines. Next, Ryan gives a motivational speech, "Unpacking Your Backpack," where he admonishes a thin crowd in a nondescript hotel meeting room to consider how uncomplicated their lives would be if they didn't have responsibility for so many things: knick-knacks, photos, furniture, homes, and relationships. "Imagine waking up tomorrow with nothing. It's kinda exhilarating, isn't it?" The crowd is underwhelmed. Back at the airport, Ryan strides into a frequent flyer lounge flashing his membership card, where he is cheerfully greeted. He calls his office and talks to Kevin, an assistant, who tells him that he has been invited to appear at GoalQuest XX in Las Vegas as a motivational speaker. Ryan is excited; GoalQuest is a very high-profile conference. He is transferred to his boss, Craig Gregory (Jason Bateman), who asks him to come back to Omaha by the end of the week for big news. In a Dallas Hilton bar, Ryan trades frequent traveler observations with an attractive blonde businesswoman, Alex Goran (Vera Farmiga). They compare perks cards, and she's impressed by his American Airlines Concierge Key. ("Carbon fiber?" she inquires. "Graphite," he responds modestly.) She mentions that she flies about 60,000 miles a year, and Ryan politely says, "Not bad." She challenges him to disclose his mileage number. The challenge turns into verbal foreplay as she teases him on the size of his number. "Is it this big?" (Holds hands a few inches apart.) "this big?" (Holds hands further apart.) He mentions that he has a lifetime mileage goal in mind, but won't say what it is. Later, they swap stories about the most outr places they have had sex, and she declares that she has done it in an airline lavatory on a regional flight. They end up in bed together, and later compare calendars to see if they will be in the same town sometime soon. She decides to return to her room, and he agrees that that would be the "ladylike thing to do." The next morning, he goes through what is obviously a routine: his workout in the hotel pool, a shoe shine, and the airport. While waiting for his plane, he receives a call from his sister Kara (Amy Morton), who is discussing the wedding of their sister Julie (Melanie Lynskey). Kara is sending him a cardboard cutout of Julie and her fianc because Julie wants him to take a photo of the cutout in Las Vegas at the Luxor pyramid. He reluctantly agrees. Omaha: Voice-over: "Last year I spent 322 days on the road, which meant I spent 43 miserable days at home." Ryan enters his small studio apartment, which has less personality than a hotel room: minimal utilitarian furniture, no decorations. His neighbor, a diffident young woman, brings over a package that she has signed for: the cutout that his sister wants him to photograph. He invites his neighbor over, and she awkwardly declines, telling him that she is now seeing someone. Ryan is unconcerned. At a staff meeting, Craig is chortling that the economic downturn has created a wonderful opportunity for their firm, and introduces Natalie Keener (Anna Kendrick), a fresh young up-and-comer who has recently graduated at the top of her class at Cornell. Natalie introduces an on-line monitor that will be used to fire people from a remote location over the internet, eliminating the need for human resource specialists such as Ryan to travel. Ryan is appalled at the impersonality of the process -- and, we suspect, at the loss of his travel privileges. After the meeting, he goes to Craig's office to protest. Natalie joins them, and Ryan tells her that she knows nothing of the realities of firing a person. She brightly tells him that she majored in psychology, and Ryan challenges her to fire him. She takes on the challenge, and tries to fire him, failing miserably. Later, Craig accuses him of not being a team player and becoming a dinosaur. Craig tells Ryan that Natalie will be accompanying him on the road for the next few days to learn the ropes, much to Ryan's chagrin. At home, Ryan packs for another road trip -- his shelves are as sparse as his apartment, utilitarian, containing nothing that is not traveling business attire. He is chagrined when he realizes that he has to carry the cut-out, which does not quite fit into his luggage. At the airport, he checks in with his usual efficiency, and then sighs when he sees Natalie arriving with a large, impractical suitcase. He forces her to buy a suitcase that will fit in the overhead compartment, telling her that he flies over 370 days a year, and that not checking luggage saves him the equivalent of a week a year. He ruthlessly pares her packing, tossing things he deems unnecessary into the trash. In the security line, he gives her the benefit of his traveling experience: Never get behind families or old people and try to find an Asian, because Asians travel light, wear slip-on shoes, and therefore move through security faster. Natalie: "That's racist!" Ryan: "I stereotype -- it's faster." St. Louis: Alex calls Ryan as Ryan and Natalie are heading for the car rental. She's in Atlanta, and they try to match up overlapping time somewhere. They agree to meet at SDF (Louisville). Ryan and Natalie enter another office and begin their job of firing people. Natalie is instructed to stay quiet and simply hand them their benefits package, but she can't resist piping up with an inanity when a man called Bob (J.K. Simmons) asks what his family is supposed to do when he is on unemployment. Ryan, who has taken the time to read Bob's resume, rescues the interview by helping him realize that this is an opportunity for him to follow his dream of being a chef. Bob leaves, resigned but less angry. Ryan bypasses a long line of people to check in at the Hilton Honors desk. An irate customer protests that Ryan just waltzed to the front of the line, but a smiling desk clerk tells her, "We reserve priority assistance for our Hilton Honors members!" Ryan helpfully hands the customer a brochure, and, still irate, she snatches it from him. At dinner with Natalie, Ryan orders several dinners to use up his $40 per diem. Natalie is surprised, and he tells her that he tries not to spend a nickel that doesn't go towards his frequent flyer miles. She asks why, and he tells her that he is aiming for ten million miles. She scoffs at what she deems to be a meaningless hobby, but he points out that that he would be only the seventh person to attain that level, and goes on to describe the award: lifetime executive status, meeting the chief pilot, Maynard Finch, and getting his name painted on the side of a plane. Natalie is unimpressed, and declares that if she had those miles, she'd show up at the airport, pick a place, and go. That evening, in bed, Ryan looks at his sister's wedding invitation. He receives text messages from Alex that quickly become sexually suggestive. He responds, smiles, and turns out the light. The next morning, Natalie helps Ryan by taking a photo of the cutout in front of the St. Louis airport. She doesn't understand the significance of the airport, and Ryan explains "the Wright Brothers flew here!" and goes on to ask Natalie if she never wondered why Charles Lindbergh's plane was called Spirit of St. Louis. Dismissively, she tells him no, she never wondered. Wichita: Another office. Another firing, but the employee is angry. Afterwards, Ryan tells Natalie that sometimes, they just need to vent. Natalie is taken aback, but wants to try firing the next person, who at first appears to take the news calmly, but then announces in the same calm fashion that "There's this beautiful bridge by my house. I'm going to go jump off it." Natalie is distraught, and races from the building. Ryan reassures her that people say all sorts of things while they are being fired, and never mean them. Kansas City: They enter an office that has been decimated -- only a few employees remain, and the receptionist is resigned when she sees them. In the hotel, Ryan overhears Natalie talking to her boyfriend as she declares, "I don't even think of him that way -- he's OLD." Ryan is taken aback. Alex joins him, and they enter a hotel room. Des Moines: Another office, another firing. Natalie is starting to feel the emotional strain. Miami: Ryan is giving another motivational talk, which he continues with the same allusion to getting rid of human connections, because relationships are the heaviest components of their lives. He declares, "The slower we move, the faster we die . . . we're sharks, we have to keep moving." Returning to the hotel, Natalie challenges Ryan about never getting married. He declares he is never getting married, and invites her to try to sell him on the idea of marriage. He's not buying. As they continue the discussion in the hotel lobby, Ryan wraps up the argument by declaring "make no mistake, we all die alone." Natalie suddenly dissolves in great sobbing tears and announces that her boyfriend, Bryan, has left her. As she falls sobbing into Ryan's arms, he sees Alex descending the stairs. Ryan introduces Alex to Natalie, and over drinks, Alex commiserates with Natalie: "He broke up with you by text? What a prick!" Ryan slyly agrees: "Almost as bad as being fired by internet." Natalie glares at him. Natalie goes on to tell them that she moved to Omaha to follow Bryan, giving up a good job offer in San Francisco, and goes on to lament that no matter how much success she might have professionally, it won't matter unless she finds the right guy. She has a mental schedule of deadlines that she had hoped to accomplish, and earnestly declares that she could have made her relationship with Bryan work because he met most of her requirements. Alex and Ryan smile and tell her that deadlines pretty much go out the window after a certain age. Alex goes on to explain that at 34, her expectations for a man have radically changed and describes the kind of man she'd like. Ryan listens with interest. Natalie observes that "that's depressing. We should just date women." Alex says, matter-of-factly, "Tried that. We're no picnic ourselves," to Ryan's surprise. Natalie says that she doesn't want to settle, and Alex tells her that she's young, so settling seems like failure. Natalie declares, earnestly, that is IS failure, by definition. As they return to their rooms, Natalie asks what the plans for the evening are. Alex and Ryan are taken aback and had obviously not expected to include her in their plans. Ryan announces that they are going to hit the party for the tech conference that is being held in the hotel. Natalie says that she didn't know they were registered, and Alex and Ryan hem and haw until Natalie realizes that they are planning to crash the party, at which point she enthusiastically declares, "I'm in!" They casually walk up to the registration desk, grab some unclaimed badges, and enter the party. Natalie has inadvertently picked up a name tag for Jennifer Chu, but Ryan assures her that no one will notice. Natalie quickly downs a few drinks and begins to mingle, meeting a man called Dave. (This is a reference to Natalie's list of preferences in a boyfriend -- one of the odder items was "a one-syllable name like Matt or ... Dave.") Ryan and Alex dance. The MC comes on stage to sing and gets the crowd amped up. Later, Ryan offers Alex his hotel room key, "the key to my place," and Alex takes it, commenting lightly that she didn't realize they were at that point in their relationship. On an evening boat ride with other members of the conference, Natalie sings karaoke and Ryan and Alex sit at the back of the boat talking. Alex tells Ryan that she never has a chance to act this way at home, and asks him about his motivational philosophy: "Is the bag empty because you hate people or you hate the baggage that they come with?" He comments that recently, he's been thinking about emptying the backpack, and what he'd put back in it. He smiles, they kiss and at that moment, the boat loses power. A speedboat rescues them and ferries them to shore, where they have to splash through the surf to the beach. Laughing and drenched, the crowd scurries into the hotel. The next morning, Ryan wakes to see Alex finishing getting dressed -- she has stayed the night. She says that if she catches a standby, she can make a meeting in Cincinnati. Ryan looks momentarily disappointed, and she chides him playfully, "Oh, I made you feel cheap!" They laugh, and as she leaves, Ryan tells her, "Hey -- I really like you." At breakfast at a poolside table, Natalie tries to apologize for what she might have said or done the night before, and Ryan tells her that it was good to see her cut loose. He then asks her if she woke him up or slipped out (referring to the man she picked up at the party). Natalie admits that she just slipped out, and Ryan observes, "the protocol's always tricky." As they are taking another picture of the cutout against the Miami skyline, Natalie asks Ryan questions about Alex, finally asking, "so, what kind of relationship do you have?" He tells her that it's casual, and Natalie asks if there's a future. Ryan tells that he hadn't thought about it, but Natalie becomes annoyed. Ryan tries to explain: "You know that moment when you look into someone's eyes and you can feel them staring into your soul and the whole world goes quiet just for a second?" Natalie nods, "Yes!" Ryan declares, "Yeah, well, I don't." Angrily, Natalie throws down the cutout on the dock and declares that he's an asshole, Alex might be a chance at a real relationship, and then goes on to tell him that his philosophy is bullshit, he has a "cocoon of self-banishment" and that he has set up a way of life that makes it impossible for him to have any kind of human connection. She storms off, and the cutout blows into the water. Ryan tries to reach it, but falls into the water, too. Back in his room, he carefully blow dries the picture, but safely tucked in the suitcase on the way to Detroit, it is a bit worse for wear. Detroit: Ryan warns Natalie that Detroit is a rough town and that the employees are touchy and will be difficult. When they enter the office, Ryan is surprised to see a computer monitor sitting on the table. Craig greets them from the screen -- he has arranged for a trial run of the internet-based firing procedure. They will be at a desk in the next room, but will only talk to the employees via screen. Natalie takes the first employee. At first, he is belligerent -- they can hear him bellowing in the next room through the thin walls -- but he later starts to sob disconsolately. Natalie is distressed, but hides it behind some stock encouraging phrases. She sends the employee away, and takes a deep breath. Craig has been monitoring the exchange, and is thoughtful. Ryan tells her, unconvincingly, that she did good as she looks forlornly at the list of employees -- this was the first of over fifty employees that will be released. In the parking lot, Natalie leans against the car as Ryan talks to Craig, trying to convince him that they are still needed on the road. After the conversation, he resignedly tells Natalie that Craig has called them off the road: "We're going home." At the airport, Ryan stares out the large plate glass window, gazing at an airplane that has a large white area on the side, just waiting for a name to be painted on it. He looks at his sister's wedding invitation, and realizes that the date is this weekend and he has never returned the RSVP card. As they walk through the airport, Natalie tries to apologize for what she said about Alex, and Ryan ungraciously accepts her apology. Suddenly, he turns and tells Natalie that he will meet her in Omaha, but he's got to catch another flight. Las Vegas: Ryan meets Alex and gets the requested photo of the cutout in front of the Luxor pyramid. Ryan invites Alex to his sister's wedding in Wisconsin. Surprised, Alex demurs, but finally agrees, and they fly into Milwaukee. Northern Wisconsin: At the Chalet, a pseudo-Tyrolean motel, Ryan and Alex wait in the check-in line. Seeing a clerk behind the desk, Ryan asks her if she is free, but she condescendingly tells him, "This line is only for members of our Matterhorn program!" As he enters his room with Alex, his sister Kara comes out of her room, and he introduces Alex to Kara. Kara is surprised: "Ryan has told me . . . nothing about you." She tells him that she is staying at the hotel because she and her husband are having a trial separation, and reminds him of the rehearsal dinner that evening. At dinner, Julie is pleased to see Ryan and meet Alex. She proudly shows off a small, diamond chip ring that her fianc Jim designed, and introduces Jim (Danny McBride), who is friendly in an awkward sort of way. Ryan offers her the photos that he has taken, and she asks him to pin them to a map that contains dozens and dozens of photos. Ryan has a hard time fitting his in. They explain that all of Jim's money is tied up in a real estate investment and made a honeymoon unfeasible financially, so the photos would be the next best thing. After the dinner, Ryan offers to walk Julie down the aisle the next day since their dad isn't around, but embarrassed, she gently refuses, telling him that Jim's uncle will be escorting her. Ryan is somewhat hurt, but puts a good face on it and tells her that he just wanted to make sure she was covered. Julie is distressed that she might have hurt his feelings but when he asks when he should be at the church, she tells him, "Well, guests are supposed to be there at 5:00 so, 5:00 would be good," again relegating him to the status of a mere guest. The next day, Alex and Ryan break into the local school so that Ryan can show her around. He points out his state basketball championship photo in the trophy case. Alex is surprised, and they end up kissing on the make-out stairs behind the gym. They sit down to watch a practice, but his cell phone rings: It's Kara, who tells him that hes needed at the church. Alex drops him off at the church and returns to the hotel to grab his suit. Julie is distraught because Jim has gotten cold feet. Kara wants him to talk to Jim, but Ryan points out that he might not be the best one, because his job is to tell people how to avoid commitment. "What kind of fucked up message is that?" exclaims Kara. "It could have helped you," he retorts, referring to her separation, but reluctantly agrees to talk to Jim. He finds him in a Sunday school classroom reading The Velveteen Rabbit. Jim tells him that he began to think about what his life was going to be like: house, children, jobs, losing his hair, and then dying, and wonders what the point is. Ryan observes that a good marriage is something that people aspire to, but Jim points out that Ryan was never married, and that he seems happier than anyone else he knows. Ryan agrees that there's no point to it all, but points out that the most important moments of his life had other people involved, and observes that life is better with company, with a co-pilot. Jim accepts this, and then asks "What's it like out there?" Ryan admits that Julie is upset. Jim comes out and apologizes to Julie, asking her "Will you be my co-pilot?" Julie tearfully agrees, and the wedding proceeds. Alex and Ryan hold hands during the vows, and dance intimately at the reception. At the airport, Alex asks when she will see Ryan again and Ryan tells her that she's going to have to come visit him, since he's been essentially grounded. She moves to her gate and tells him to "call me when you get lonely." As she walks away, he calls out, "I'm lonely." She laughs, and keeps walking. In Omaha, back at his apartment, he puts his things away, and looks around, dissatisfied. He opens the refrigerator to reveal an impressive collection of airline miniature booze bottles in the refrigerator door. At the office the next morning, Natalie proudly shows him around the call center that is being beta tested, and comments that the workers are called "termination engineers. I wanted to call them Terminators, but was that bumped by Legal." "I can't imagine why," Ryan responds drily. Ryan sits at a desk and distastefully tries on a headset. He checks the internet for the schedule for GoalQuest XX, and sees when he is scheduled to speak. Las Vegas: Ryan prepares for his speech, and as he is introduced to a crowd of several hundred, he takes the podium with his backpack. He begins the spiel that we have heard before but then stops and gazes out over the audience. He looks down at the podium, shakes his head ruefully, excuses himself, and walks out, to the consternation of the event organizers. He dashes through the airport and catches a flight to Chicago, where he arrives in the evening. Chicago: In a hurry, Ryan steps out of his routine and drives away without giving the car clerk his rewards card. He pulls up in front of Alex's townhouse and rings the doorbell. Alex comes to the door. She is shocked as he says, smiling, "So, I was in the neighborhood . . ." Suddenly, he hears children arguing and we see them running in the hall behind Alex. Ryan begins to back away, and with a stricken look on Alex's face, we hear a male voice ask, "Who's at the door, honey?" She closes the door gently as she responds, "Just someone asking directions." At the hotel, Ryan sits on a bed in a darkened room with a drink, staring out into the evening. On the train to the airport the next morning, he receives a call from Alex, who demands, "What were you thinking, showing up at my door like that?" He protests that he didn't know she was married, and she declares that he could have seriously messed up her "real life," and that she thought he understood. He said that he thought he was part of her real life, and asks her to help him understand. She tells him that he is an escape, an escape from their normal lives, a "parenthesis." "A parenthesis?" he repeats, dully. Alex is unapologetic. "Well, what did you want? If you want to see me again, give me a call." He hangs up on her gently. In the air: Returning to Omaha, Ryan is gazing out the window when the flight attendant comes on the intercom to excitedly announce that they are flying over Dubuque, which means that a startled Ryan has hit the 10 million miles mark. Champagne is brought for all the first class passengers, and Chief Pilot Maynard Finch (Sam Elliott) greets Ryan. He sits in the seat next to Ryan and congratulates him, telling him that he's the youngest yet to get to 10 million. He pulls out the special silver card, engraved Ryan Bingham, #7, and presents it to Ryan, telling him that they really appreciate Ryan's loyalty. Ryan is speechless, and tells the Captain that he forgot what he always wanted to say at that moment. The Captain asks him where he's from, and Ryan, looking down, says softly, "I'm from here." Omaha: In his office, Ryan looks at his card, and, making a decision, dials the number on the card. He is greeted with a cheery "Good morning, Mr. Bingham!" Surprised, he asks how they knew it was him, and is told that it's his dedicated line. He begins to make arrangements to transfer miles to Julie and Jim for an around-the-world trip, which costs half-a-million miles each. Craig comes into his office and asks him if he remembers a Karen Barnes whom Natalie fired. Ryan says that they have fired dozens of people, and he doesn't remember. Craig tells him that Karen jumped off a bridge and killed herself, and he needs to know if she gave any indication of her intentions, which could get them into trouble legally. Ryan says he doesn't remember anything, and asks if Natalie is all right. Craig tells him that Natalie quit by sending him a text message. "Fucking nice, right? Nobody has any manners anymore," he grouses, and goes on to tell Ryan that he is returning the workforce to the field. San Francisco: Natalie is interviewing for the job she was offered when she first graduated from Cornell. The interviewer asks her why she went to Omaha, and she reluctantly admits that "I followed a boy." After a few searching questions, the interviewer shows Natalie a letter of recommendation that he has received from Ryan. The letter is glowing, and the interviewer offers her the job. A montage of interview clips follows. Employees whom we have seen being fired throughout the movie are in some sort of interview/counseling session. Each in their own way, they explain that while losing their job was difficult, it was made easier by the support of their friends and families. Ryan enters an airport, suitcase in tow, and comes to stand in front of a large Departures and Arrivals board, gazing at the flight details. He releases the suitcase and stands in front of the board with no baggage. We hear Ryan's voice-over: "Tonight, most people will be welcomed home by jumping dogs and squealing kids. Their spouses will ask about their day, and tonight they'll sleep. The stars will wheel forth from their daytime hiding places and one of those lights, slightly brighter than rest, will be my wingtip passing over." The credits roll over a view of early evening blue clouds as seen below from an airplane, with a faint sunset in the far distance.
tt1142988
Comedy,Romance
Plot summary (with possible spoilers): Abby (played by Katherine Heigl) is the producer of a ratings-challenged morning show in Sacramento. Shes good at her job, but the audience just isnt interested in the anchors or any of the other personalities on the show. Her boss Stuart (Nick Searcy) says that if ratings dont pick up soon, the show will be canceled. After all, they can get more eyeballs on a Geraldo Rivera rerun at a lower overall cost. Things arent going very well in Abbys personal life either. Being a control freak, she often scares men off in the first few minutes which is exactly what happened when she met Jim (Kevin Connolly) after hooking up on a dating website. Abby had already asked assistant Joy (Bree Turner) to run a thorough background check, so she already knew all there was to know about the guy, making for some awkward moments. Upon returning home that night, Abby flipped on the TV. Her cat happened to step on the remote control, which brought up a show called The Ugly Truth. Hosted by the crass Mike Chadway (Gerard Butler), the show offers dating advice to women, often voiced by Mike in the most crude terms possible. In fact, Abby is so appalled by what she hears in the first few minutes that she calls in to tell Mike hes a cynical jerk, to which he simply replies that she must be on a cold streak because shes ugly. Abby hangs up. To her horror, she shows up to work the next day to learn that Stuart has hired Mike for a daily 3-minute appearance. Stuart is convinced that this will boost ratings, but Abby is convinced it will be a huge mistake. Mike, unsurprisingly, is a hit, but he and Abby begin arguing almost from the minute that they meet. She confesses that she was the caller from the night before, at which point Mike tells her that hell help her land her dream man Colin (Eric Winter) just to prove that his advice is sound. Abby reluctantly agrees. The rest of the film then follows these two basic storylines: the main arc of Mike and Abby teaming up to snag Colin, and the subplot of Mike breathing new life into the morning show. This being a romantic comedy, its practically the law that the male and female lead end up together, so obviously Mike and Abby realize that they have feelings for each other right before the credits roll.
tt0815236
Comedy,Romance
Kirk Kettner (Jay Baruchel) is a native of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in his mid-20s who has low self-esteem and, by his own admission, has not accomplished very much in life. He works at the Pittsburgh International Airport as a Transportation Security Administration officer, and hopes of becoming a pilot one day. He tries to get back together with his self-centered ex-girlfriend, Marnie (Lindsay Sloane). Marnie ended her relationship with Kirk two years ago and is highly dismissive of his continued romantic interests after his latest pursuit. However, she has remained close with Kirk's parents (Debra Jo Rupp and Adam LeFevre) and overbearing brother Dylan (Kyle Bornheimer), continues to participate in family activities along with her new boyfriend Ron, and even lives with Kirk's parents. He has three close male friends who also work at the airport: Stainer (T. J. Miller), Devon (Nate Torrence), and Jack (Mike Vogel). Then at work one morning, a beautiful woman, Molly McCleish (Alice Eve), arrives at the passenger terminal for a flight to New York. While proceeding through security, her striking looks attract unwanted attention and harassment from several male employees. Kirk is the only employee to treat her courteously. She and Kirk exchange a few innocuous words, and she then proceeds to her flight, accidentally leaving her phone in the airport security area. Upon realizing she has misplaced it, Molly calls her phone and Kirk, back at the security checkpoint, answers. The two arrange for a time to meet the following evening so that he may return the phone to her. The following night, Kirk arrives at the Andy Warhol Museum where Molly, a professional event planner, is running a party. Devon accompanies Kirk to the Museum where Kirk returns Molly her phone. After returning the phone, both stayed and met Katie, Molly's sister. Katie then on purpose causes Kirk to spill his drink on the museum director and is asked to leave the museum for being uninvited for the party. Molly offers tickets to Kirk to the Pittsburgh Penguins hockey game at the Mellon Arena as an apology. Molly then subsequently gets herself invited to Kirk's family lunch. This incurs jealousy in Marnie, who feels upstaged by Molly's looks and takes a sudden interest in Kirk again. Stainer, ranking-obsessed, tells Kirk that on a scale from 1 to 10 with 10 meaning the most attractive and successful, he's a 5, and Molly a 10, and that a relationship does not work if the difference is more than 2. Molly's friend and business partner Patty (Krysten Ritter) is also surprised: she phoned Molly while on a date with Kirk to allow her an opportunity to make up an excuse to leave, but that was not needed. In Molly's house, while the two are making out, Kirk ejaculates in his pants, just before her parents arrive. While avoiding to show that he had ejaculated, he avoids standing up and quickly leaves to avoid Molly and her parents noticing what happened. This cools down the relationship, but when Kirk later explains during an airshow what happened, things are fine again. Molly's former boyfriend Cam tells Kirk that Molly has a defect and to avoid saying that she is perfect. During a date, Kirk suggests to Molly to throw a birthday party for her sister, Katie. After the party, both of them go to Molly's place. Molly shows Kirk her webbed toes, which Kirk considers so minor that he decides that she is too perfect for him, and he breaks off the relationship. Kirk and Marnie resume their relationship and go on a family trip to Branson. Stainer and Patty realize their mistake in telling Kirk and Molly it wouldn't work out; the friends convince Kirk that he is "a 10" too. They pull Kirk off his plane as he tries to leave with his family and Marnie, while Patty brings Molly to the airport. Kirk rejects Marnie and reunites with Molly. Later, as a surprise, he takes Molly on a trip in a small plane, with himself being the pilot; he has taken flying lessons.
tt0311289
Adventure,Comedy,Drama
Stanley Yelnats IV (Shia LaBeouf) is a good-hearted teenager born to a luckless family that has been cursed for generations. The luckiest of the Yelnats ancestors, Stanley Yelnats I (Allan Kolman), lost his fortune when outlaw "Kissin' Kate" Barlow stole his treasure chest. The Yelnatses blame their Latvian ancestor Elya Yelnats (Damien Luvara), who was cursed after breaking a promise to carry Madame Zeroni (Eartha Kitt) up a mountain. Stanley is wrongfully arrested and tried for stealing a pair of baseball shoes that Clyde "Sweet feet" Livingston (Rick Fox), a famous baseball player, had donated to charity. Stanley is sent to Camp Green Lake, a juvenile work camp, for his alleged crime. He arrives to find that the "camp" is a dried-up lake run by the corrupt Warden Walker (Sigourney Weaver), her assistant Mr. Sir (Jon Voight), and camp counselor Dr. Pendanski (Tim Blake Nelson). Each day, the detainees must dig a hole 5 ft deep and 5 ft in diameter to "build character," despite the danger of the desert sun, rattlesnakes, and yellow-spotted lizards, which can kill with a single bite. The children are told that if they find anything interesting, they may earn a day off. The inmates, known by their nicknames, include Zero (who refuses to speak to anyone, but likes to dig holes), Armpit, Zig-Zag, Squid, X-Ray and Magnet. Stanley is slowly accepted into the group and is given the name "Caveman." He soon creates a friendship with Zero (Khleo Thomas), whose real name is Hector Zeroni, while teaching him to read. A flashback shows how the men of the Yelnats family suffer under a bad luck curse that affects all aspects of their lives. Stanley II tells Stanley IV the story of how it all started with his great-great grandfather Elya Yelnats in Latvia. Elya worked for Morris Menke (Ravil Isyanov), shoveling manure out of his barn. Elya thought Menke's daughter Myra (Sanya Mateyas) was very beautiful. He goes to a fortune teller, Madame Zeroni, for advice about his destiny. Madame Zeroni recommends that he go to America, where her son has gone, and that his future should be there, instead of with Myra, who is empty-headed. Elya asks Menke for permission to marry his daughter, but Menke says that Igor (Ken Davitian), who is eating with him, has offered her his fattest pig (Igor is fat, too). To prove her point about Myra, Madame Zeroni advises Elya to take a young pig and carry it up the mountain every day so that as the pig grows, he will get stronger. Further, he should sing the pig a certain song when it drinks water from the stream. She tells him that after the pig is full grown and he gives it to Menke, Elya must carry her up the mountain and sing while she drinks, so that she will regain her strength. She gives him a warning, though, that if he forgets to perform that last task, she will curse him and his generations to eternity. Elya gives the pig to Menke, and Menke allows his daughter to choose who she wants to marry. She is indecisive. In anger, Elya tells her to go ahead and marry Igor. He takes Madame Zeroni's advice and heads to America, but forgets to carry her up the mountain as she ordered him to do, if he wants to be spared the curse. He realizes that he has just made the biggest mistake of his life. Another flashback, which reveals how the modern story comes together, relates the history of Camp Green Lake. The town was once a thriving lake town with plenty of water and life. Miss Katherine (Patricia Arquette), the schoolteacher, is accosted by a rich landowner, Warden Walker's ancestor Trout Walker (Scott Plank). He proposes to her, but she rejects him. Miss Katherine is in love with the onion seller Sam (Dul Hill), an African American who helps repair her schoolhouse in exchange for her renowned spiced peaches. Among other things, Sam claims that regularly consuming onions and 'onion juice' will keep the local yellow-spotted lizards away. When Sam kisses Miss Katherine, the townspeople burn the school. Sam attempts to escape in his boat, the Mary Lou, but Trout kills Sam. In retaliation, Kate kills the sheriff (Eric Pierpoint), who refused to help Sam. She leaves a lipstick kiss on his forehead, beginning her life as the outlaw "Kissin' Kate," who kisses the men she kills. Back in the present, Stanley finds a tube of lipstick that belonged to Kissin' Kate Barlow (Miss Katherine), but he gives it to X-ray because X-ray hasn't had a day off in six months. X-ray gets an entire day off for the tube. Then Armpit tries to pass off a stove knob as something he dug up, but the Warden knows better, and Armpit's joke costs him a week of no shower privileges. After Dr. Pendanski insults Hector, he retaliates by hitting him with his shovel and runs away. After some deliberation, Stanley sets out to help Hector and finds him taking shelter under the remains of Sam's boat, the Mary Lou. Zero, now stranded in the desert, offers Stanley the last jar of "sploosh" (an old jar of Miss Katherine's spiced peaches which had been left on the boat). Stanley, knowing they can't survive in the desert for much longer, heads over to a mountain called God's Thumb. Meanwhile, Walker decides to presume Hector is dead and deletes his files. Stanley carries Hector up the mountain where they find a field of onions and a source of water, helping them regain strength for several days. Unknowingly, Stanley breaks the family curse because Hector Zeroni happens to be a descendant of Madame Zeroni. When he carries Hector to the top of the mountain, sings to him, and lets him drink from the stream that runs uphill, he fulfills the promise made by Elya centuries earlier. After Hector wakes up, he reveals he is the reason Stanley was sent to Camp Green Lake. Hector tells Stanley he had been homeless and had been at the shelter where many things (including Sweetfeet's shoes) had been donated. Because he did not know the shoes were famous, he took the shoes and walked off with them. He then heard sirens coming; thinking they were after him, Hector took off the shoes and tossed them over the bridge, where they fell on Stanley's head. This is how Stanley was caught with the shoes and sent to Camp Green Lake. Stanley thinks it is destiny that they met. In a flashback Kate Barlow, now older, is found in the middle of the now dried-up lake by a pair of husband-and-wife bounty hunters: one of her former students along with Trout Walker (whom the student has married). They mention that the lake dried up because it hasn't rained since Sam died. They order Kate to hand over the Yelnats treasure, but she tells them that they "can dig for a hundred years, and will never find it." Kate allows herself to be bitten by a yellow-spotted lizard on the arm; she suffers for a while and soon dies. As Stanley breaks his family curse, his father finally finds the solution to an odor-eliminating mixture that he has been trying all his life to create -- the addition of peaches and onions. Stanley and Zero decide to go back to Camp Green Lake to investigate the hole in which Stanley found the tube of lipstick, feeling lucky all of a sudden. They dig deeper into the hole and uncover a chest. Warden Walker and Mr. Sir discover them and attempt to take the chest away from Stanley and Zero until they notice that yellow-spotted lizards have climbed onto the boys. When the group is discovered the next morning by the assistant attorney general (Ray Baker) and Stanley's lawyer Carla Morengo (Roma Maffia), Walker attempts to explain that the chest is hers, at which point Stanley jumps out of the hole to confront her with Hector behind him. They are still alive due to the fact that yellow-spotted lizards are averse to the onions they had been eating. Hector reveals that "Stanley Yelnats" is written on the front of the chest. Back at camp, the lawyer finds out that there are no files on Hector. One of the cops notices that Mr. Sir (who was revealed to be Marion Sevillo) has a gun, which is a violation of his parole. When Warden Walker states that she had no knowledge of this, Mr. Sir blurts that Dr. Pedanski isn't a real therapist. The assistant attorney general then declares Camp Greenlake under his jurisdiction as Marion, Warden Walker, and Dr. Pendanski are arrested. As Stanley is beginning to leave, rain falls on Camp Green Lake. Walker, Marion, and Dr. Pendanski are shocked -- it hasn't rained at Green Lake in years. Walker asks Stanley to show her inside the chest, but Stanley refuses. Stanley then drives home with Hector. The Yelnats family claims ownership of the chest and its contents. Stanley decides that half the money should go to Hector and Hector uses some of his share to hire private detectives to find his mother (Shirley Butler). Camp Green Lake is closed and all its juvenile inmates are sent home. Later, it reopens as a girl scout camp. At the end, an advertisement appears on TV for the odor-eliminating mixture Sploosh; the celebrity endorser is Clyde "Sweet feet" Livingston. Stanley, Clyde, and others watch.
tt0865556
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
South Boston teenager Jason Tripitikas (Jason Tripitikas) is an extremely obsessed fan of martial arts films and he awakens from a dream of a battle between the Monkey King and celestial soldiers in the clouds. He visits a pawn shop in Chinatown to buy Wuxia DVDs and discovers a golden staff. On his way home, Jason is harassed by Lupo (Morgan Benoit) and his hooligans, who attempt to use him to help them rob the shop-owner Hop (Jackie Chan). Hop tries to fight the thieves with the staff, but is shot and wounded. He tells Jason to deliver the staff to its rightful owner and Jason flees with the staff. He is cornered on the rooftop by the hooligans and almost shot too, but he is pulled off the roof by the staff and falls backwards onto the asphalt. When Jason regains consciousness, he finds himself in a village in ancient China that is under attack by armored soldiers. The soldiers see his staff and attempt to seize it. He is saved by the inebriated traveling scholar Lu Yan (Jackie Chan), a supposed "immortal", who remains alert and agile even when drunk. Lu brings Jason to a teahouse and tells him the story of the rivalry between the Monkey King (Jet Li) and the Jade Warlord (Collin Chou). The Jade Warlord tricked the Monkey King into setting aside his magic staff Ry Jng Bng, (literally meaning "Ideal Golden-bound Cudgel") and transformed him into a stone statue, but the Monkey King cast his staff far away before the transformation. Lu ends the tale with a prophecy about someone, a "Seeker", who will find the staff and free the Monkey King. Just then, they are attacked by the Jade Warlord's men again but manage to escape with the help of Golden Sparrow (Yifei Liu), a young girl who refers to herself in the third person. She reveals that her family was murdered by the Jade Warlord, against whom she has therefore sworn revenge. Meanwhile, the Jade Warlord, upon learning that the staff has been sighted, sends the White-Haired Witch Ni-Chang to help him retrieve it in exchange for the elixir of immortality. Jason, Lu Yan and Golden Sparrow meet a strange man dressed in white, who takes the staff away from them. Lu Yan fights with the man (later revealed to be the Silent Monk) for the staff until the latter realizes that Jason is the prophesied Seeker, and he joins them in their quest to free the Monkey King. As the four travel to Five Elements Mountain, Lu Yan and the Silent Monk teach Jason Kungfu along the way. After crossing a desert, they encounter Ni-Chang and her henchmen and a battle ensues, in which Lu Yan is mortally wounded by Ni-Chang's arrow. The protagonists take refuge in a monastery, where they learn that Lu is actually not an immortal, and only the Jade Warlord's elixir can save his life. In desperation, Jason goes to the Warlord's palace alone to exchange the staff for the elixir. In the palace, the Jade Warlord asks Jason to fight with Ni-Chang to the death, because he had promised to give the elixir to only one of them. Jason is defeated by Ni-Chang and the Warlord taunts him for his foolishness, and is about to decapitate him when the other protagonists and monks from the monastery arrive to join in the battle. Jason manages to grab the elixir and he tosses it to Lu Yan, who drinks it and recovers. Lu Yan battles Ni-Chang and finally kills her by throwing her off the palace balcony to her death hundreds of feet below. The Silent Monk is wounded by the Jade Warlord during the fight and he passes the staff to Jason, who uses it to smash the Monkey King's statue. The Monkey King is freed and the Silent Monk is revealed to be actually one of the Monkey's clones. After another long battle between the Monkey King and the Jade Warlord, the Warlord is eventually stabbed by Jason and falls into a lava pit to his death. However, Golden Sparrow has been seriously injured by the Warlord and she dies in Jason's arms, thanking him in the first person before dying. By then, the Jade Emperor has returned from his meditation and he praises Jason for fulfilling the prophecy before allowing him to return home. Jason finds himself back in 21st century Boston after passing through a magical portal at the exact moment and location of his earlier fall. He defeats Lupo and the hooligans flee crapping their pants with fear. He alerts the police and calls an ambulance for Hop, who survives from the gunshot wound and secretly reveals to Jason that he is an immortal (possible hinting that he is actually Lu Yan). Before the film ends, Jason is delighted to see a girl who resembles Golden Sparrow and speaks to her briefly, but doesn't do anything else at all to her, as you guys must have thought ;)
tt1229822
Drama,Romance
In 19th century England, young orphan Jane Eyre (Amelia Clarkson), resides with her wealthy but unloving Aunt Reed (Sally Hawkins), the wife of Jane's late maternal uncle. Jane's cousins taunt and abuse her, and Jane is looked upon with disdain by everyone in the house. After reaching her breaking point and physically attacking her cousin, she is sent to Lowood School where dozens of girls are forced to live a meager and miserable life and are frequently beaten in the name of piety. While there, Jane is befriended by classmate Helen Burns (Freya Parks). Jane is heartbroken when Helen, the only kind person she had ever known, dies of consumption. Years later, 18-year-old Jane becomes a teacher at Lowood. She finally departs when she finds employment as a governess to a little girl living at Thornfield Hall, a large estate miles away. Upon her arrival, Jane is greeted by the housekeeper, Mrs. Fairfax (Judi Dench) who explains to her that the master of Thornfield Hall, Edward Fairfax Rochester, is rarely at home and has a somewhat gruff demeanor, but is a good-hearted man. Jane begins lessons with her pupil, Adele Varens (Romy Settbon Moore), a French girl whose late mother was affiliated with Rochester (it is insinuated that Adele might be their illegitimate daughter). Jane is happy to be living with good people in a comfortable home at last. After three months at Thornfield, Jane is sent to post a letter. As she walks through the woods, she is startled by a man on horseback galloping by, who falls and injures his leg. Jane assists the man back onto his horse, not knowing that he was, in fact, Mr. Rochester himself. That evening, Jane is called in to meet Rochester (Michael Fassbender), who has returned home and is nursing his sore leg. He speaks very bluntly and does not bother to sugar-coat any coarse phrases, but is taken with Jane's forward honesty and insightful observations. Jane is confused but quietly intrigued by his mysterious persona and apparent fearlessness. Late one night, Jane is woken by a strange laugh from the corridor outside her bedroom door. She goes to the hallway and sees smoke pouring from Mr. Rochester's room.Seeing his bed in flames with he still lying in it, she hurriedly wakes him and assists him in extinguishing the fire. She explains the noise she had heard, and he leaves quickly to address it, without telling her what caused it. When he returns, he solemnly thanks Jane for saving his life, saying that he saw a goodness in her when he first met her. Rochester leaves abruptly the next morning and is gone for weeks. He returns with several guests, including Blanche Inrgam (Imogen Poots), a beautiful and accomplished young woman from a prominent family. Mrs. Fairfax explains that Blanche is "a great favorite" of Mr. Rochester, and expects that they will soon be engaged. Jane is quietly jealous, and is nervous when Rochester insists on her presence in the drawing room with the guests after dinner. She sits with Adele and is completely ignored by the wealthy guests, who callously joke about their disdain for governesses. Insulted, Jane slips from the room but is followed by Rochester, who notices the tears in her eyes before she retreats upstairs. Immediately afterward, Rochester is visited by an old acquaintance, Richard Mason (Harry Lloyd). Mason's motive for visiting is not revealed, but he is brutally stabbed in the dead of night by an unseen culprit. Rochester sends the guests back to their rooms, and enlists Jane to help aid Mason while they wait for the doctor. The weakened Mason is sent off with the doctor the following morning, and Jane asks who had been the violent attacker. Rochester explains that he cannot tell her. He then speaks cryptically of the woman he loves, who Jane assumes to be Blanche Ingram. It is clear that Rochester is speaking of Jane, but neither one admits to it. Jane is flattered by the attention nonetheless. Jane receives news that her cousin John Reed, who had been her principal tormentor as a child, had squandered his fortune and committed suicide. The shock had brought on a stroke in Aunt Reed, who is in critical condition and requesting to speak to Jane. Despite her resentment toward her abusive former guardian, Jane travels to her old home to visit her aunt. Mrs. Reed produces a letter, dated three years earlier, from Jane's uncle John Eyre who lived on a wealthy estate in Madeira. He wished to adopt his niece as his own and leave her all his possessions upon his death. Jane, who had always been told that she had no living blood relatives, was not given the letter. Reed had written back, telling John Eyre that Jane had died of typhus at school. Jane finally writes a return letter, assuring her uncle that she is very much alive and is relieved to have a living relative. Though furious at this act of deceit, Jane gives her aunt "full and free forgiveness" and returns to Thornfield. She is greeted amiably by Rochester, to whom she had grown close over the span of her employment. Mrs. Fairfax later tells her that Rochester has dropped hints of marriage, ordering jewels from his bank and singing joyfully around the house. Both women assume he intends to marry Blanche Ingram, and Jane is inwardly distressed. She speaks to Rochester primly, saying that she must leave Thornfield and find another situation before he is married. Rochester finally reveals that he is in love with Jane, not Blanche, and begs the stunned governess to marry him. After the proposal sinks in, an elated Jane accepts. Mrs. Fairfax, startled by the news, warns Jane to keep her wits about her until the wedding. On the day of their marriage, Rochester is strangely impatient and quickly marches Jane to the church for a private ceremony. Before they can say their vows, they are interrupted by a lawyer and Richard Mason, who insist that the marriage be cancelled as Rochester is already married. Jane is shocked to learn the secret: 15 years earlier, Rochester had been in an arranged marriage to Mason's sister, the beautiful but mentally disturbed Bertha (Valentina Cervi). Over the years, Bertha grew more and more insane and violent. To protect her from the cruel treatment she would receive at an asylum, Rochester concealed his wife in a secret room at Thornfield behind a curtain in his own bedroom. She was looked after by a servant, Mrs. Poole, who had dozed off the night of the fire, which was set by Bertha herself. It was Bertha's crazed laugh that had woken Jane and ultimately saved Rochester's life. Jane is taken to the secret room at Thornfield, where Bertha attacks Rochester after seeing Jane in a wedding gown. Jane is horrified and shocked. She changes back into her plain dress and meets once more with Rochester, who tearfully begs her forgiveness. Jane is agonized by her decision to leave Thornfield rather than to be with a married man, though she still loves Rochester. In tears, she escapes from the house on foot. After miles of walking, she collapses at a doorstep in the rain and is taken inside by the tenants, St. John Rivers (Jamie Bell) and his two sisters. They nurse the weak and sickly Jane back to health, and she gives her name as "Jane Elliott," saying nothing of her time at Thornfield. Rivers, a young minister, gives Jane a job teaching village girls at a small parish school he had established. Though the pay is low, Jane is given a small cottage of her own and begins to enjoy her work and three new friends despite her dashed hopes of being Rochester's wife. Rivers visits Jane one night and calmly reveals that he knows her true identity. He delivers the news that her uncle, John Eyre, had died and left his entire estate to Jane as promised. Stunned that she is now worth 20 thousand pounds, Jane insists on sharing her new found wealth with St. John and his sisters. Soon afterward, St. John asks Jane to marry him and accompany him to India for his missionary work. Jane loves him only as a brother, and is put off by his businesslike approach to marriage. She finally resolves to return to Thornfield. Jane is horrified to see Thornfield Hall reduced to a scorched shell. After meeting with Mrs. Fairfax, Jane is told the story of the most recent fire: It was started by Bertha, whose condition had deteriorated even further. Rochester ensured that all the other inhabitants were safely out of the house, and then returned to the inferno to rescue Bertha who had gone up to the roof. He begged her to come down, but she jumped to her death. Rochester escaped the fire, but was blinded. Jane is heartbroken at the news of his suffering. She finds him sitting outside and quietly approaches, leading to a tearful reunion, with Jane and Rochester overjoyed that they can be together at last.
tt1981677
Comedy,Music,Romance
The movie opens with the Barden Bellas about to perform at the ICCA championships. One of them, Chloe (Brittany Snow) is running late to the start of the performance. When she arrives she is reprimanded by the older Bellas. As they are about to perform, Aubrey (Anna Camp) tries to assure them she'll do a good job, but is shot down. The group sings 'The Sign'.. and all is going well, until the very end when Aubrey has a solo, and projectile vomits all over the stage and front rows of the audience. Cut to the start of a new year at Barden University, and freshman Beca (Anna Kendrick) is arriving by taxi. While she is receiving directions and her Rape Whistle, a car passes her by, and another student, Jesse (Skylar Austin) is singing along to the radio, and catches her attention. Beca finds her new dorm room, and meets her roommate Kimmy-Jin, who is hostile and unfriendly. Beca's dad, a professor at Barden then arrives, and asks her how she got there. It is revealed that Beca's parents have split up as she refers to her dad's new wife as her 'step monster', and seems very reluctant to be attending College. Beca's dad tries to encourage her to enjoy it, but Beca escapes to the Activities fair. In another dorm room, Jesse is meeting his roommate Benji (Ben Platt), who is into Star Wars and magic. At the Activities fair, we are introduced to the Trebles - one of the Campus singing groups, all male, who are talented and have a high opinion of themselves, especially Bumper (Adam Devine) the lead singer. Jesse and Benji approach the Trebles, as Benji is desperate to join, but Bumper is not impressed with his enthusiasm. Across the campus, the Bellas are now down to just 2 members - Aubrey and Chloe, who are trying to recruit new ones. Due to their disastrous performance at the last Championships, they are not having much luck, and are even ridiculed by 'Baloney Barb' who has tried out for them previously. They are then approached by Fat Amy (Rebel Wilson), an outgoing and quirky student from Tasmania who doesn't hesitate to demonstrate her singing and dancing abilities. They then meet Beca, who quickly rebuffs their offer to audition, saying it is lame, which immediately puts Aubrey offside. Instead of being interested in joining any of the singing groups, Beca has much more of an interest in remixing music on her laptop. She gets a job at the campus radio station, and much to her dismay, so does Jesse. Her dad pays her a visit in her dorm, and gives her an ultimatum - if she makes an effort and joins a group at College , but still doesn't like it by the end of the year, she can quit and follow her true dream of becoming a DJ, and he will help her... but he wants her to really make an effort. As Beca goes into the communal showers singing to herself, Chloe happens to be in the showers as well, and confronts Beca in her shower stall , insisting that she try out for the Bellas. Although Beca is mortified, she sings along with Chloe to 'Titanium'. Finally the auditions are on, and Jesse, Benji and Fat Amy are among the hopefuls trying out, auditioning to 'Since you've been gone'. Beca comes late, and hasn't prepared the audition song, but auditions with 'Cups (miss me when I'm gone)', and Chloe and Jesse are impressed, while Aubrey is unsure. We then see the initiation of the new Bellas including Beca, Fat Amy, Stacie (Alexis Knapp), Cynthia-Rose (Esther Dean) and the very softly spoken Lilly (Hana Mae Lee). They all swear an oath and drink the 'blood of the Bellas who came before them' (wine). Cut to the initiation of the new Trebles.. Jesse has made it, but Benji has not. That night, there is Aca-initiation where all the groups come together for drinks and singing. Jesse is pleased to see Beca is in the Bellas, although she seems less than thrilled to be there. Fat Amy and Bumper seem to share some chemistry, despite insulting one another, and Aubrey looks unhappy that Beca is showing an interest in Jesse. The next day, Bella rehearsals begin. Aubrey has a very rigorous training schedule planned. She announces that one of the new Bellas has been kicked out for breaking the oath that you must not hook up with a Treble. She asks the rest of the girls to confess the same if necessary, and another Bella is kicked out. Rehearsals begin, and the girls are less than impressive. Aubrey and Chloe have their work cut out for them. As the girls leave, Aubrey calls Beca over and warns her not to get involved with Jesse. Beca is flippant and retorts that Aubrey is not the boss of her. At the Bellas' first gig with their new line up they wear the same uniforms and sing the same songs they always have. They are not at all prepared, and are cut short and told they won't be paid for the gig. Aubrey is furious, especially at Chloe, who then reveals she has Nodes - 'the rubbing together of your vocal chords at above average rates and without proper lubrication', and will have to pull back on her singing. As time goes on, Jesse tries flirting with Beca at work, who seems like she is interested in him but trying not to be. He then approaches her on campus and wants to show her his favourite movies, but she reveals she does not like watching movies, especially the endings... Jesse argues that endings are the best part. Beca says she doesn't have time to watch the movies, as Bellas are rehearsing all the time. Jesse asks if they are getting ready for the Riff Off. Beca has no idea what that is, but soon finds out. The Riff Off is a singing competition that pits the groups against each other, with various song categories. Despite Beca impressing most of the Bellas, the other groups, and Jesse with her version of 'No Diggity', the Trebles win the Riff Off. Beca is encouraged by the other Bellas' ability to listen to one another and sing together impromptu, but Aubrey brushes her off, upset that they still lost. Jesse and Beca become closer when she plays him some of her music remixes, and he shows her the ending of his favourite movie, the Breakfast Club. As the Bellas rehearse for the next round of competition, Chloe and Beca try to convince Aubrey to try something different and not keep singing the same songs, but Aubrey is adamant that they will win if they keep it all the same. She gives Fat Amy a solo in the performance, who gets a bit carried away, but the audience love the energy and variation from the usual Bella prim and proper style. However, Aubrey is not impressed. The Trebles win the trophy, but as they are all leaving, a fight breaks out with an acapella group of older men outside, and Beca accidentally breaks a window, and ends up being arrested. When her father arrives to bail her out, she is furious with Jesse for calling him. Beca arrives back at the dorm, and all the Bellas are waiting for her in support, although when she tries suggesting they mix things up for their next performance, once again, Aubrey shoots her down and says they will be doing things the same as always. The Bellas travel to the semi finals on a bus driven by Fat Amy. She stops at a gas station to 'pump and dump', and the Trebles drive past. Bumper cruelly throws a huge burrito at Fat Amy and sauce spills all over her, making her furious. As the Bellas keep driving, they are in good spirits and sing together 'Party in the USA', until suddenly the bus splutters, and Fat Amy realises she never actually got around to putting gas in the tank. Out of desperation, they call the Trebles for a lift on their bus. At the semi finals, there is a group called the 'Footnotes' who are impressive, but the commentators note the male lead singer's voice sounds unusually high. The Bellas begin to perform their usual set, but Beca becomes sick of the mocking looks from the other bands, and also the bored looks in the audience, so she starts singing another song 'Bulletproof' over the top of 'The Sign' much to the other Bellas' surprise and Audrey's displeasure, but it does make the judges take more notice. After the performance, Aubrey tells Beca off, and she ends up leaving the Bellas, but not before lashing out at Jesse again as he tries to come to her defence. The Bellas do not advance to the Finals, and Aubrey is devastated. Over Spring Break, Beca finally watches the Breakfast Club, and is moved to tears. Also, it is discovered that the group the Footnotes who advanced to the Finals had a member in High School, so were disqualified, and the Bellas are back in the running. They are all thrilled and excitedly come together to rehearse. Chloe reveals that she has let Beca know, much to Aubrey's annoyance. Beca tries to make amends with Jesse, but he brushes her off. She speaks to her Dad, admitting that she shuts people out, and asks him what to do. Meanwhile, Bumper has been offered a back up singer job with John Mayer,and ditches the Trebles without any regard for the Finals. Jesse immediately rushes to Benji and offers him the spot, but warns him not to act weird. Finally sick of Aubrey and her bossy, controlling attitude, Chloe tells Aubrey that Beca was right, and they should have listened to her. They get in a fight and the other Bellas start to intervene. Aubrey loses it, and makes herself projectile vomit all over the place. All hell breaks loose, as Beca comes in and calms everyone down. Finally Aubrey agrees to let Beca have a go at remixing the songs and changing the style of the Bellas' performance for the better. It is discovered that as Chloe has had surgery to remove her Nodes, she can now hit the bass notes, and also that Lilly can beatbox. It is the Finals, and Beca wishes Jesse luck in his performance, but there is still tension between them. The Trebles perform strongly as always, with Benji finally getting his moment to shine with a solo. It is then the Bellas' turn to perform, and they have ditched their drab flight attendant uniforms and are wearing their own clothes and look a lot more stylish and sexy. They do a fantastic performance with all different songs mixed together, met with thunderous applause from the audience including a standing ovation from the Trebles. Jesse finally realises Beca is sorry for how she's treated him as one of the songs she sings is 'Don't you forget about me' from the Breakfast Club soundtrack. After the performance, Beca and Jesse finally share a kiss. Cut to 6 months later, and it is next years' auditions. The winners of last year's championships get to pick the audition song, and we see the Bellas minus Chloe and Aubrey with a huge trophy on their table discussing which song to pick.
tt0397535
Drama,Romance
Chiyo was the second daughter of a poor fisherman in Yoroido and a curiosity in her village - her eyes were blue (in the novel they were blue-grey). Ser father was old and her mother terminally ill; thus the parents were persuaded to sell their daughters for a more secured life. Chiyo and sister Satsu were promptly sent to Gion(geisha district) right away. Auntie decides to keep her in the Nitta Okiya, but rejects her sister. Satsu is then sent to a common brothel in the Miyagawa-Cho district to become a prostitute. Chiyo spent her first few years in the okiya working as a maid and planning her escape. Hatsumomo, the star of the okiya and one of the most beautiful and popular geishas at the time, sensed that she was going to be a threat and set out to eliminate her. She and Korin forced Chiyo to ruin a kimono(which belonged to Hatsumomo's most hated rival in Gion, Mameha). The next day, Auntie half-heartedly beat her as punishment for the ruined kimono since she didn't want Mother or Granny getting their hands on her. She also warns her against trusting Hatsumomo because she'll ruin her in a second. As a reward for ruining Mameha's kimono, Hatsumomo finally told her that her sister is in the Miyagawa-Cho district under the brother home, Tatsuyo and arranged for them to meet. The sisters decided that Chiyo would sneak out of the okiya by walking on top of the neighbouring roofs, meet up with Satsu, and then they would escape together. Her attempt failed as she fell off one of the roofs, and her sister went on without her. Auntie was infuriated at Chiyo for not heeding her warning to keep clear. While she was recovering from her injuries, she received a letter informing her that both of her parents have died. Now she is all alone in the world. Mother (the madam) was furious with Chiyo's rebellious behaviour and decided not to raise her as a geisha, but as a maid. On a maid wage, she will never be able to pay off her contract and leave the okiya. Chiyo settled uneasily into her doomed life, while watching her friend and fellow maid, Pumpkin get elevated to being an apprentice geisha and all her work as a maid is transferred to her. Upon learning that Chiyo will remain Mother's slave for all time, Hatsumomo rejoiced at the prospect and set out to make her life even more miserable than before. One day while a 12-year-old, Chiyo was out on an errand, her concerns for her future remaining as a maid under Mother overwhelmed her and she started to cry. A man stopped to talk to her and accompanied her for some shaved ice. He bought her flavoured ice and gave her two coins to cheer her up. Watching the Chairman walk away with two geishas, Chiyo decided that she would become a geisha at any cost, just so that she can be with him. She spent the coins on making her wish, and kept the Chairman's handkerchief. In the winter of 1935, Chiyo is 15 and she's helping Pumpkin get ready for her debut as an apprentice geisha, under Hatsumomo's tutelage. After they left, she noticed that her friend forgot her shamisen and ran out of the Nitta Okiya to the back of Mizuki Teahouse(Hatsumomo's prime) and gave the mistress there her friend's shamisen. A few days later the okiya got a surprise visit from the famed geisha Mameha, who offered irresistable conditions to take Chiyo as her apprentice geisha. Mother's greed got the better of her and Chiyo became Sayuri. During her training, Sayuri showed considerable talents and Mother began to consider adopting her, instead of Pumpkin, as her daughter, to inherit the okiya. This further intensified the feud between Hatsumomo and Mameha. Time was drawing close to the bidding for Sayuri's mizuage (the first night), but with Hatsumomo's schemes, Mameha was no where close to finding enough potential dannas (patrons) to start a proper bidding. She decided to try the impossible - Nobu, a rich man disfigured by chemical accident and disliked geishas. Miraculously,he fell in love with Sayuri; and Sayuri with his best friend - the Chairman. Sayuri's mizuage made history as the highest bid to date, and she became the IT geisha. Mother adopted her, kicked Hatsumomo out for trying to destroy her career by causing the fire and Pumpkin was left homeless to fend for herself. But Sayuri's glory was cut short by World War II. As all geishas were gathered up and shipped to factories as workers, she and Mameha went into hiding with the Chairman's help. After the war, Mameha and Sayuri found it hard to survive as genuine geishas. The American soldiers are the big spender now, and they prefer common prostitutes to geishas. Pumpkin's fell from grace now turned out to be a blessing. The Chairman hired Sayuri, Mameha and Pumpkin for a trip, so that they could entertain an American colonel named Derricks, his associates and turn them into his business partners. Sayuri realised that she would have to get either Nobu or Col. Derricks to become her danna to survive. But meeting the Chairman again after the war proofed to be too strong a temptation, she decided to throw everything away and follow her heart for once. In her room, Mameha warned Sayuri against doing that because it's disrespectful to Nobu and she could ruin her career for that mistake. She told he to accept him as her danna because he saved her life and she owed a great debt. She mentions that Hatsumomo made the mistake of following her heart once by eloping with Koichi and destroyed her chances to have a danna. Sayuri refuses to listen to Mameha, which proved to be her undoing. She arranged for the general to meet her in a shack and told Pumpkin to bring Nobu, so that both can be disappointed at her. She took this long-awaited chance and had her revenge - she brought the Chairman. When Sayuri demanded an answer from her friend. Pumpkin vehemently out of anger (cool, but still upset in the movie) told her she took away her rightful place as Mother's daughter and heir of the Nitta Okiya. A heart-broken Sayuri threw away the cherished handkerchief, and gave in to her fate. Just when she thought she had lost favour with Nobu, Mother got a booking request from him. Disillusioned and settling for security, Sayuri arrived prepared to get back in Nobu's favour, only to find that the booking was made by the Chairman. Now that his best friend is no longer interested in Sayuri, the Chairman can finally show his feelings and have his Chiyo back - it was him who sent Mameha to find the girl with blue eyes and ensure that she was taken care of and reunited with him.......
tt0988595
Comedy,Romance
The movie opens with a voiceover by Jane (Katherine Heigl) as she explains when she first discovered her "calling" in life. The scene is from her childhood when she, her younger sister Tess and their father attend a realtive's wedding. This is shortly following the death of their mother so Jane must act as a mother figure for her sister. When her father asks Jane to take Tess to the bathroom, she comes across a distraught bride who has torn a seam on her dress leaving a whole at the back of the bodice that shows the upper half of her rear end. Jane has a moment of epiphany and uses her sister's hair ribbon and sews up the back fo the dress in a becoming way. The ecstatic bride then asks Jane to carry her train down the aisle as a reward. Flash forward in time to the present -- Jane is in a bridal shop with seamstresses all around her hemming a wedding dress. A woman walks in and says "The bride is on the phone" where you discover that Jane is the same size as the bride and is doing her bridesmaid duty of having the wedding dress hemmed the morning of the wedding for the panicking bride. She leaves the store, dress in hand, wearing her bridesmaid dress and hurries to the nuptials making it in time for the bride to change and get ready for her ceremony. During the ceremony, Jane continuously looks at her watch and a guest at the wedding (played by James Marsden) notices her impatience. As soon as there is a break in the festivities, Jane rushes out and hails a taxi whose driver she offers $300 for the entire night if he agrees not to look in the rearview mirror or he will suffer a deduction from that sum. Jane proceeds to change into another dress which is revealed as a traditional Indian sari that is her bridesmaid's dress for another wedding on the same night. Throughout the remainder of the night, she speeds between weddings/receptions, changing in the taxi which is seen by Kevin (James Marsden). At the end of the night, Jane is at the first wedding preparing for the bouquet toss which comes straight for her until she is tackled by some over-enthusiastic girls and knocked unconcscious. When she wakes up, Kevin (James Marsden) is leaning over her and helps her up, where she swoons, and then offers to accompany her home. On the trip to Jane's apartment, Kevin comments on her two-wedding night and proceeds to mention his opinion about the ludicrousness of the ceremony. This sparks a lively debate between the two about the sacredness of a wedding and marriage which leaves Kevin charmed and Jane annoyed. Once they reach Jane's apartment building, she leaves and Kevin discovers her "filofax", or day planner, in the taxi and decides to look through it. Kevin Doyle (James Marsden) discovers that Jane has been in 7 weddings that year and, as he is the writer of the local newpaper's "Commitments" section (under his full name Malcolm Doyle) he asks his editor if he could write a feature story on Jane (Heigl) for the front page of the section in the hopes that, if it is good enough, he can get out of the "taffeta ghetto." The next scene, we see Jane going to the office with her friend, Casey (Judy Greer), who was also in one of the weddings with her. Once inside the office, Jane is heckled for her longtime crush on her boss, George (Edward Burns), to whom she is a personal assistant. Everyone knows about her infatuation except for George, who owns the eco-friendly outdoor sports magazine business that they work for. Flowers are delivered for Jane without a note and she excitedly assumes that they are from George. When she leaves work with Casey (Judy Greer), Jane says that she has to go and pick up her sister from the airport but that she will see Casey later at another coworker's engagement party that night. At the airport, Jane picks up her sister, Tess (Malin Akerman) who has been working in Milan as a model. They go back to Jane's apartment, where Tess will be staying for a few weeks, and they talk about their parent's wedding photo which Jane has framed in her house. They agree that it was romantic but Tess dislikes her mother's dress while Jane is completely taken with the entire event -- at the boat house, at sunset, etc. Tess proceeds to pick up a pile of newspaper clippings on the counter that are featured engagement profiles from the paper written by her favorite writer of engagement and wedding announcements, Malcolm Doyle, whose sweet descriptions and feelings make his the best. As they talk, Jane invites her sister to the engagement party and Tess admits that she has plans to meet with some friends from Milan for drinks, but will try and make it. The engagement party takes place in a bar and has a gothic theme. Jane is talking with Casey when George shows up and asks Jane what he had purchased the couple (which she had obvioulsy done for him.) After a few minutes of small talk, George asks Jane if "what he put on her desk" that morning was okay since their relationship had not "been that way" before. Jane says it was okay and, once George walks away, Casey (shocked that the flowers were actually from George) demands that she walk up to George and express her true feelings. Confident, Jane begins to walk toward the bar, and George, when she notices his gaze locking on something across the room. George is captivated by Tess (Akerman) who has just entered the bar looking for her sister. The two lock eyes and walk towards each other, directly in front of the deflating Jane. As they are introduced, George mentions that Jane is his lifeline and that she had even picked up his dry cleaning which he had left on her desk that morning. George then asks Tess if she would like to get a drink at the bar, an offer that Jane had turned down from him earlier in order to seem responsible. As Tess (Akerman) and George (Burns) head to the bar, Kevin (Marsden) appears and asks Jane (Heigl) if she liked the flowers that he sent. Upset at the situation, Jane excuses herself to scream in an adjacent room which turns out to be a private anniversary party where she embarrasses herself with her outburst. When she returns to the dance floor where Kevin is waiting, holding her drink, he gives her filofax back to her and jibes her about her full-time wedding duties and asks her to get a drink. Depressed about the situation, Jane declines and goes to the bar to influence her sister to leave for the night. However, Tess asks George to go dancing instead and, though George invites Jane, Tess subtly hints at her sister to decline the offer and they leave together. Jane goes back to her apartment but cannot sleep while her sister is out until the early hours of the morning. So, frustrated, Jane gets out of bed and does sit-ups, reads a wedding magazine, brushes her teeth and ultimately begins scrubbing the stove in the kitchen before Tess returns. Trying to play-down her obvious agitation, Jane listens as her sister talks about her "wonderful" evening and asks for details about George. Jane obliges, and gives unique details about him that reveal her feelings for him, but Tess does not pick up on her sister's crush. Tess reveals that she and George had gotten kind of intimate and that he wanted to have lunch the next day. She asks her sister if this would be alright and Jane, always sacrificing for others, says that it is fine. The next day, the girls visit their father at his hardware store. While they are having breakfast in his loft upstairs, George calls Tess and she giggles with him on the phone in another room while Jane becomes upset. In the office, Jane looks over into George's office and sees her sister in a short dress leaning over the desk and flirting with George. Jane opens her filofax and sees that Kevin has written his name on every Saturday in her planner along with his phone number. She calls him and tells him to leave her alone, but he renews the offer for drinks saying if she ever wanted to hang out with someone who didn't need her to "take them to a fitting or a cake tasting" he would be available. Once Jane hangs up, Pedro (David Castro), George's "little brother" from the Big Brother program, arrives for George to take him to his baseball game. George insists that both Jane and Tess come along so they leave for the game. At the game, George, Tess and Jane go to the concession stand to order some refreshments before the game. Jane orders a chili dog and asks Tess if she would like one when Tess says that she is a "recent vegetarian". Jane scoffs as she knows that Tess is lying because of Jane's statement that George does not eat meat. Tess also proceeds to comment on her hiking trips (while Jane rolls her eyes) and her love for their dog "Tory". Jane, finally fed up with her shenanigans, corrects her sister that the dog's name was "Toby" which Tess explains away as being what she called the dog due to her lisp. George rejoins and says that he, too, had a speech impediment as a child--he stuttered. Pedro calls for George to come and "shag some flies" with him on the field and when the girls are left alone, Jane confronts her sister on lying and hating Toby. Tess justifies herself saying that she could "learn to not eat meat", she likes the outdoors for tanning and she only hated it when Toby slobbered on her. George saves her from her sister's irritation when he calls for Tess to try her hand at batting (in a dress and heels). The next few scenes are a montage of Tess and George's relationship as Jane walks in on them making out in the apartment, sees a slideshow of pictures of them on George's office computer, etc. One night in the office, after everyone else has gone home, Jane goes into George's office to straighten up and notices that he has left his wallet. Scanning his desk calendar, she hurries to the restaurant listed to give him his wallet. When she walks into the restaurant, she sees that they entire area has been rented out, there is a band and they drop a banner that says "Will You Marry Me". George comes in and says "No, guys, that's not her" and they roll the banner back up. Jane, crushed, gives him back his wallet just as Tess walks in. The whole scene replays as George has his dog, Gatsby, bring in the ring, and he proposes to Tess while Jane tries, in vain, to escape the scene. After having to bear witness to the man she loves proposing to her sister, Jane agrees to meet Kevin (Marsden) at a bar. She explains her being upset as having to do with the anticipation of being "dumped on" by her sister to work out all of the wedding details. Kevin chides her for not being able to say no to anyone and they talk about her constant need to do whatever anyone asks. Then, the girls are back at their father's apartment with George and their father says that George is his "hero" for giving Jane a job and marrying Tess since she has now decided to stay in town. Their father hurries from the room to retrieve something and comes back with their mother's wedding gown for Tess. Jane is mortified and heartbroken as Tess picks up the dress saying how honored she is to be able to wear it (regardless of her earlier comments on how she disliked the dress). Noticing Jane's face, she says "I know that you wanted to wear mom's dress first..." to which Jane replies "It's fine--it's what she would have wanted." In the next scene, Jane is walking with her sister as her sister asks her about countless details that Jane has been taking care of alone. As they walk, Tess mentions that she and George are getting married in the same boathouse as their parents, in 3 weeks (that was the only opening and she didn't really want to wait, anyway). Jane is visibly upset since that was her plan for her wedding, but she defers again. Tess, aware that she has no real friends, asks Jane if Casey would be a bridesmaid because "she's pretty and won't throw off the asthetics". Jane, Tess and George visit a custom cake bakery and Jane uses her previous wedding business with the baker to get him to agree to make the wedding cake in 3 weeks. As George walks away to take a call, Kevin (Marsden) walks in and introduces himself as Malcolm Doyle, the Commitments writer who had contacted them about writing a feature on their wedding. Jane is stunned by this revelation and accuses him of lying to her, which he denies. Tess tells Kevin that Jane is his number one fan and that she saves his articles which only embarrasses Jane (and entertains Kevin) more. Jane pulls him aside and asks if he is really as cynical as he had acted in the past about weddings and he says yes which makes Jane feel like she "just found out her favorite song was written about a sandwich." In the next scene, Kevin arrives at Jane's apartment where she is doing dishes alone. Jane refuses to let him in but he insists that he needs to talk to all of the bride's friends and family for the article and gets her to open the door for "Tess and George." Kevin proceeds to turn on his tape recorder and ask a few questions about Jane's feelings on the matter (which she gives begrudgingly) when he notices a hall closet that is bursting open with a variety of colorful fabrics. When he asks Jane what is in the closet, she runs to close the door but Kevin manages to pry them open to reveal every bridesmaid dress and accessory that Jane has ever been asked to wear. Kevin insists that they are all hideous and Jane picks out one that she thinks is becoming and goes to her room to try it on. When she shows Kevin, he snaps a picture of her and she ultimately agrees that it's not that becoming. Entertained, Jane proceeds to put on every bridesmaid dress as a sort of informal fashion show for Kevin (who takes a picture of each outfit) including such horrible themes dresses as "Gone With the Wind" and a full SCUBA outfit for an underwater ceremony. Once all of the dresses have been shown, Kevin counts the photos (27 different dresses) and asks why she keeps them and suffers through them. Jane says that she has had some good times in those dresses and she wears them because one day those people will be there for her on her wedding. Saddened by the thought of her own wedding, Jane asks to just finish the interview and puts away the dresses. Back at the office, Kevin's editor asks for the article which he has not yet finished. He sends her his working draft and she loves it, guarenteeing him a spot on that Sunday's front page of the section. Kevin begs that it be postponed for a week as he tries to delve deeper into Jane's person with the editor commmenting "if I didn't know you better I would think that you have developed a little crush". Kevin thanks her for finally conceding and agreeing to postpone the feature. Jane arrives at George's apartment looking for her sister to finalize the guest list but Tess won't let her in. When she barges in, she finds that Tess has hired Pedro to clean the apartment which would infuriate George so Pedro has agreed to keep it a secret as he wants the afterschool job. Jane and Kevin are in a store registering Tess for her wedding gifts. As they scan items, Kevin comments on Tess' outrageous abuse of her sister's services and mocks Jane's comments on the meaning of the gifts ("and this is the vase that Tess will put the flowers that George brings home just because"). As Kevin makes her progressively more angry with his cynicism, Jane says that she believes that he hates weddings because he hasn't found someone to love or he was dumped at the altar. Kevin says "bingo" as his wife had run away with his roommate from college after their big ceremony. Jane, feeling horrible about being right that his wedding had ended so poorly and made him cynical, asks if he would like to find all the ugliest things in the store and "register Tess for them." Jane receives a call from George to come preview the menu for the wedding with him since Tess would be getting her hair done and unable to attend. Jane happily joins and almost tells George of Tess' lies but decides against it at the last minute. Kevin calls Tess asking for Jane, and Tess tells him where she is (at the boathouse). Kevin shows up and sees Jane laughing with George and instantly realizes her feelings for him. He tries to sneak away but George sees him and Kevin volunteers to go with Jane to pick up vintage table linens in another city since George has to make dinner with his parents (Jane tries to get George to come instead, but Kevin is insisitent.) In the car driving in the rain, Kevin confronts Jane with her "sick" love triangle--helping her sister plan her wedding to the man she is secretly in love with. Jane becomes angry at Kevin's comments and begins to drive haphazardly. Kevin begins to get nervous at their speed and warns that they might hydroplane, only annoying Jane more. Of course, they hydroplance off of a curve, down an incline and into a tree where there car is stuck in the mud. They run in the rain to a nearby bar and find that the phones are out and they can't get cell phone reception. Kevin, deciding that there is nothing left to do but wait out the storm, sits at the bar and orders a drink. Jane joins him, defeated, and insists that she will only drink one. Next scene, and presumably many drinks later, Jane asks Kevin about a specific wedding that he had written about where the ceremony was held on the anniversary of the parents' deaths and the brother was flown in from Afghanistan for it. Kevin claims he doesn't remember it and Jane insists that he must and he's doing it all to appear "mysterious and sexy". Kevin does tell her that his favorite part of weddings is watching the groom's face while the bride comes down the aisle (which Jane had earlier recounted to George as her favorite part). Suddenly, the juke box comes on playing Elton John's "Bennie and the Jets". Kevin begins to sing with the juke box but Jane laughingly points out that he is not singing any of the right words, so she tries (only further butchering the lyrics). Suddenly, they are both standing on the bar in front of a crowd of people dancing and singing the chorus of the song at the top of their lungs. At the end of the song, the frenzied crowd helps Kevin down, who turns to help Jane off of the bar. When she comes down in his arms he admits that he "cried like a baby" at the wedding she had mentioned and they start to kiss. Next, you see them back in the car as Jane works to take Kevin's shirt off and they fall into the back seat. The next morning, Kevin brings coffee to the car and they both walk to a nearby diner for breakfast while they wait for the towtruck. At breakfast, one of the people from the night before point them out as "Bennie and the Jets" and they laugh about the night before. The waitress comes to give them their orders and she notices Jane and says, "Hey, you're that girl!" Jane nods and says, "Yes, I'm Bennie, he's the Jets" with a smile but the waitress rushes to the counter and brings back a newspaper. Jane takes the paper and sees her pictures all of the feature story about her 27 bridesmaid experiences. Kevin suddenly realizes that his editor ran the piece early and tries to explain. Jane, upset, leaves the diner and slaps Kevin soundly in the face for using her. Back at the paper, Kevin demands to know why his editor ran the piece early since he had not even had time to tell Jane about the piece yet. The editor insists that he should be thanking her, and walks away. Jane arrives back at her apartment where her sister is fuming over the article which portrayed her as "Bridezilla". She yells at Jane and answers the phone, which turns out to be Kevin calling, and she screams at him. She then storms out of the apartment yelling, "You might want to alert traffic control because Bridezilla's on the loose!" The next day at work, Jane throws away a stack of missed call notices from Kevin and Casey comes over to talk. Jane asks that they not talk about the article when George calls her into his office. She immediately begins apologizing, but George insists that it is alright and he only wanted to make sure that she was okay. Grateful, Jane nods and George says, "No one reads that section anyway" even though it is the most popular section of the paper (as mentioned earlier in the movie). Jane arrives at a bridal boutique where Tess is standing in her underwear with a checklist. Tess says that she has decided to forgive Jane. But insists that at that night's rehearsal dinner, Jane read off of a script that Tess wrote to go along with a powerpoint. Jane agrees and the store's employees come in with Tess' wedding dress. Tess puts it on and it is a completely different dress than their mother's. Confused, Jane asks where their mother's dress is and Tess explains that she had it incorporated into the new dress and the remaining pieces of their mother's dress have been saved for Jane. Enraged, Jane demands that Tess tell George the truth about everything or she will. Tess says that Jane would never hurt her sister like that and Jane replies that Tess is no longer her sister she's just the girl who broke her heart and cut up her mother's wedding dress. The next scene, Jane comes into the rehearsal dinner and Tess hurriedly checks to make sure that Jane is still going to read only from the script. Jane nods and then goes to cue-up the powerpoint for the dinner. As everyone sits, Jane begins the powerpoint that she put together reading only the script, however, the powerpoint has pictures of Tess eating a large plate of barbeque with her engagement ring on, picking a cat up awkwardly by the legs, acting afraid of Gatsby (George's dog), etc. At the end of the show, Tess tries to explain as Casey pulls Pedro up to the front to try and save the dinner. Pedro, however, talks about how great Tess is for agreeing to help him start his cleaning business and letting him clean George's apartment. George leaves the room and breaks off the engagement while Jane feels horrible about what she has done. Going outside to escape the chaos she created, Jane tries not to cry as Kevin, who had been lurking in the back of the rehearsal dinner, comes outside to comfort her. He apologizes for hurting her and said that he came to ask forgiveness and to be there for her, which was something that he had not wanted to do for a long time. He gives Jane a palm pilot to replace her outdated filofax and then walks away, saying that he would never bother her again. Jane is in her father's store telling him that Tess will never forgive her as Tess comes in, lured by her father. The two girls have a heated argument over the situation where Tess accuses Jane of always feeling like she had to fill in as Tess' mother and Jane accuses Tess of always having everything. Tess admits to wanting to be more like Jane and that she was in town because she had been fired in Milan and her Italian boyfriend had dumped her. She had seen George as a way to start over and had jumped at the chance. Finally coming to an understanding, the two girls hug and try to decide what they are going to do now. Later that night, Jane receives a call from George asking her to fill in as his date for a business function since his recent break-up has left him without time to get a date. She shows up to the office and George, who is grateful that everything came out since the entire affair had been so rushed, asks Jane to pull up his presentation before they go since he can't find it. When she agrees and hurries to his computer, George says, "That's what I love about you, Jane, you always say yes." Suddenly, Jane stands up and looks at George with realization. She quits and explains to him that the only reason she had stayed for so long was because she had become comfortable and thought she was in love with him. George silences her with a kiss that Jane actually says has no spark. They try again but the kiss still falls short of her expectations. Just as they are standing there, her new palm pilot rings (it's a phone too) and the ringtone is "Bennie and the Jets". Smiling widely, she apologizes to George and runs from the office. Jane goes to the newspaper looking for Kevin and finds out that he is covering his last wedding (having been promoted out of Commitments due to the phenomenal response to his feature article). Jane hurries to the pier where the wedding ship is getting ready to leave. She jumps onto the ship and walks through the crowd looking for Kevin. As she searches, the bride notices her and knows her from the article and is excited that she is at her wedding (as though she is a celebrity). Jane quickly fills the eager bride in on the situation and the bride pulls her to the stage and gives her a microphone where she is spolighted for all of the guests to see. She confesses her feelings for Kevin who is watching in shock from the middle of the crowd. When she finishes, she awkwardly leaves the stage and tries to make her way to the back of the boat where Kevin stops her and they kiss. The next, and final scene, is Kevin and Jane's beach wedding. Tess is welcoming guests where George and Pedro arrive. Tess introduces herself like they had never met and says she "has a hamburger a day" and her "idea of a pet is a rock". They laugh together and George sits down. The wedding begins and Jane joins Kevin at the altar with a voice over saying that he was looking at her just as she'd always hoped her groom would. Kevin asks if it was as good as she had hoped for to which she replies, "No more, much more." The camera pans out to show that after Tess and Casey, 27 brides stand along the boardwalk each wearing the bridesmaid's dress from their respective weddings.
tt0096446
Action,Adventure,Drama
The evil queen Bavmorda (Jean Marsh) wields black magic to conquer the land and enslave its people. She fears the birth of a child with a peculiar birthmark because prophecies foretell that the child will bring about her downfall. Bavmorda imprisons all the expecting mothers and the child of the prophecy is born. Before Bavmorda has a chance to kill the baby girl (Kate Greenfield and Ruth Greenfield), the midwife escapes with her. She sends the blessed baby downstream on a raft. The child washes up near a village inhabited by a race of dwarf-like people called Nelwyns. Willow Ufgood (Warwick Davis), the farmer and amateur magician who finds the baby, is chosen by the town council to return the child to the world of the "large people," or Daikini. Against their better judgment, Willow and his friend Meegosh (David Steinberg) entrust the baby to the first Daikini they meet, a renegade warrior named Madmartigan (Val Kilmer). On their way home, Willow and Meegosh are attacked by a clan of Brownies, who have stolen the baby from Madmartigan. The Brownie fairy queen of the forest, Cherlindrea (Maria Holvoe), tells Willow that he has been chosen to protect the baby, whose name is Elora Danan. Cherlindrea gives Willow a magic wand and directs him to ask the sorceress Fin Raziel (Patricia Hayes) for help. Cherlindrea sends along two brownies as guides, Franjean (Rick Overton) and Rool (Kevin Pollak). Willow's party bumps into Madmartigan, who helps them in a few close calls with Sorsha (Joanne Whalley), Bavmorda's daughter. Willow and the rest of the group finally meet Raziel, only to find that the sorceress has been turned into a rodent by Bavmorda. Sorsha captures Willow and his associates. They start a long trek to Nockmaar castle, Bavmorda's stronghold. Willow attempts to use magic to return Raziel to her human form, but fails. Meanwhile, Madmartigan and the Brownies manage to escape, while Madmartigan, under the influence of the Brownies' love potion, becomes temporarily infatuated with Sorsha. Willow and the group escape from Sorsha's control and make a hasty retreat with stolen horses. The group eventually finds the castle of Tir Asleen, where Cherlindrea told them they would find protection from Bavmorda, but the castle is under Bavmorda's spell; all its inhabitants are frozen in ice. Madmartigan, refusing to give up hope, prepares for Sorsha's attack while Willow once again fails to transform Raziel into human form. Sorsha and her army arrive, but so does the Army of Galladoorn, led by Madmartigan's old friend Airk Thaughbaer (Gavan O'Herlihy). During the ensuing battle, Sorsha falls in love with Madmartigan and changes sides. Nockmaar's General Kael (Pat Roach), however, captures Elora and takes her to Nockmaar. Willow, Madmartigan, Sorsha, the Brownies, the sorceress Fin Raziel (now in the shape of a goat), and what is left of Airk's army set up camp, preparing to storm Nockmaar castle to rescue Elora. Willow finally returns Raziel to her true form, and the sorceress puts a spell on the camp to protect them from Bavmorda's magic. The battle at Nockmaar begins the next day. Willow manages to save Elora at the last moment from Bavmorda's murderous ritual, and Bavmorda is destroyed, in part by her own magic. He leaves the baby in the caring arms of Madmartigan and Sorsha. Willow returns happily to his village and his family with a gift from Raziel: a book of magic to study.
tt0832266
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Will Hayes (Ryan Reynolds) is a 38-year-old father who is in the midst of a divorce. His 10-year-old daughter Maya (Abigail Breslin) lives with her mother but is with him twice a week. On one of these occasions she questions him about his life before marriage. After her first sex-ed class, Maya first asks and then insists on hearing the story of how her parents met and decided to get married. Will gives in, but decides to change the names and some facts, thereby creating a love mystery, with Maya guessing which of the women will be her mom. The story he tells Maya is depicted in long flashbacks. From time to time the film switches back to the present, where Maya comments and asks questions. The story begins in 1992, where Will, a starry-eyed aspiring politician, moves away from Wisconsin and his college sweetheart, Emily (Elizabeth Banks) to New York to work on the Clinton campaign. She gives him a closed packet and asks him to give it to her friend, Summer Hartley (Rachel Weisz), an aspiring journalist. In New York, he meets April (Isla Fisher), the copy girl for the campaign. Before bringing the packet to Summer, Will opens it- it is Summer's diary. Encouraged by his roommate Russell (Derek Luke), he reads it, and comes across pages describing a love affair between Emily and Summer. He visits Summer to bring the diary, and meets her roommate and sometimes-lover, her college professor, a famous writer named Hampton Roth (Kevin Kline). When Will leaves, Summer kisses him, leaving Will shocked and confused. Will and April have a chance meeting outside work, where Will reveals he is going to propose to Emily. When Will practices a proposal to Emily on April, she is taken aback by Will's words, and replies, "Definitely, maybe." They go back to her apartment, where April has multiple copies of Jane Eyre in her collection, explaining that her father gave her a copy with an inscription in the front shortly before he died, and the book was later lost. She has spent years buying copies of Jane Eyre from secondhand stores, hoping to find the copy her father gave her. April talks about her dreams to travel around the world, which she finds herself unable to do because of her current relationship with someone she rarely sees. When Will suggests she break up with her boyfriend to fulfill her desires, the two eventually share a kiss, with Will leaving quickly and berating himself. Emily visits New York, and Will proposes in Central Park (first by recounting the story of his parents' engagement, and then by going through the words he said to April), but Emily turns him down and confesses she slept with Will's former roommate in Wisconsin, Charlie. Will is heartbroken. Time goes by, Bill Clinton becomes president of the United States, and Will and Russell start their own consulting firm. Their biggest client is Arthur Robredo (Nestor Serrano), their former employer on the Clinton campaign who is running to be Governor of New York. April travels the world like she wanted, and she and Will become pen-pals. Eventually, with the encouragement of Roth, Will and Summer become romantically involved. In the meantime April returns from her travels as she realized that the man she truly loves is Will. However she meets him as he's buying the engagement ring for Summer. April is heartbroken, but at the time Will doesn't notice it. Will and Summer's relationship ends when Summer writes an unfavorable story about Robredo, leading to Robredo's defeat and damaging Will's career and friendship with Russell. Will becomes disillusioned about his choice of profession when Bill Clinton is implicated in the Monica Lewinsky scandal. He hates his job, and starts to drink heavily after finding out that April is dating a new guy. In a drunken rant, he confesses romantic feelings to her, but in the process, ends up having a fight with her, telling her to "go to life-rehab". However, it may be because of these words that April returns to school. Some time after the fight, while walking the streets of New York, Will finds the copy of Jane Eyre that April's father gave her. He goes to give it to her, but decides against it when he meets her boyfriend Kevin, with whom she is living. Summer and Will bump into each other while he is at a cafe, and Summer, who is now pregnant, invites him to a party. Maya gets upset about the possibility of Summer being her mother and Will not being her natural father. However, it is revealed that Emily also attends the party, as she now lives in New York. Eventually, she and Will start up another relationship, and Emily turns out to be Maya's mother and Will's ex-wife, as Maya correctly guesses. Will explains to Maya that the happy ending all along was Maya and they share a hug and part separate ways. At home Will signs the divorce papers served to him and unpacks his things moved from the previous house. By accident he sees the book he wanted to give April years ago and decides to visit her at her workplace, Amnesty International. After learning that she is now single again, he gives her the book, but when she finds out that he was holding on to it rather than giving it to her immediately, she becomes angry and asks him to leave her office. Maya is happy that she figured out the story, but also realizes that her father still loves April, as even though Will changed the names of Emily (Sarah in real life), and Summer (Natasha in real life), he did not change April's name. Encouraged by Maya, who wants her father to be happy, Maya and Will go to April's apartment. Though April refuses to open the door at first, she hears Maya demand that Will tell April the story exactly as he told it to her. April still doesn't emerge, but as they turn to go back home, she comes outside. Will confesses to April that he held on to the copy of Jane Eyre because it was the only thing he had left of her. As the three enter into April's building, April jumps into Will's arms and kisses him.
tt1517260
Action,Adventure,Drama
In the distant future, the human race has been assimilated by extraterrestrial, non-coporial, psychic parasites called "Souls". The Souls travel to distant planets en masse, in individual capsules, inserting themselves individually into a host body of that planet's dominant species. The Soul completely replaces the consciousness of its host, though they are able to access the host's memories. Occupied hosts are identifiable by silver rings that form in the hosts' eyes. A teenager named Melanie Stryder (Saoirse Ronan) is captured and infused with a soul called "Wanderer". Wanderer is asked by the Seeker (Diane Kruger) to access Melanie's memories in order to discover the location of a pocket of non-assimilated humans. Surprisingly, Melanie's consciousness has not been eliminated, and it struggles for control of her body. Melanie and Wanderer are able to carry out an internal conversation with each other, forming something of a friendship. Wanderer does share with the Seeker that Melanie was traveling with her younger brother, Jamie (Chandler Canterbury) and her boyfriend, Jared Howe (Max Irons), to find Melanie's uncle Jeb (William Hurt) in the desert. Wanderer admits that Melanie is still present, so Seeker decides to be transferred into Melanie's body to get the information herself. With the help of Melanie, Wanderer escapes from the city and makes her way to the desert, where she is eventually found by Jeb, who takes her to a series of caves hidden inside a mountain, where the pocket of humans (including Jared and Jamie) is hiding. Wanderer's presence in the shelter is met with hostility by all but Jeb. Seeing this, Melanie instructs Wanderer not to tell anyone she is still alive, fearing that doing so would only provoke them, though she later allows her to tell Jamie, to put his mind at ease. Wanderer begins interacting with the humans and participating in their harvest, and slowly begins to gain their trust, as well as forming a bond with human Ian O'Shea (Jake Abel). Through this, she begins to sympathize with them, and question her species' actions. Meanwhile, the Seeker leads a search party into the desert to find Wanderer. They intercept one of the shelter's supply teams, and in the ensuing chase, two of the human resistance fighters, Aaron and Brandt, commit suicide to avoid capture and conversion. During the chase, Seeker accidentally kills another Soul, leading her superiors to call off the search for Wanderer. Returning to the caves, a vengeful Jared and Kyle move to kill Wanderer, causing Jamie to reveal that Melanie's consciousness is still alive. Ian accepts this, showing concern for the two beings in one body. Jared refuses to believe him, but, after having a dream about Melanie, attempts to determine the truth by kissing Wanderer, provoking Melanie to slap him away, and he realises that she is indeed still alive. Kyle makes another attempt on Wanderer's life, but she knocks him into a deadly whirlpool. She pulls him to safety and does not tell the others that he had attacked her. Ian believes that Kyle had attacked Wanderer and tells her that he loves her, insisting that Wanderer's own personality (such as protecting Kyle) is what he loves, rather than Melanie's body. Wanderer admits that, while occupying Melanie's body, she must love Jared, but that she has feelings of her own, and the two share a kiss, creating an unusual love trianglethree bodies and four minds. Sometime later, Wanderer enters the community's medical facility, and discovers that Doc has been experimenting with ways to remove Souls and allow the host's mind to regain control, resulting in the deaths many Souls and Hosts from his failed experiments. Traumatized, she rushes from the facility, screaming at a protesting Melanie to "get out of my head!" After isolating herself for several days, Wanderer learns that Jamie is critically ill with a high fever and infection in his leg due to injuring himself with a knife. She infiltrates a Soul medical facility to steal some of their alien medicine, saving Jamie's life. The Seeker has continued looking for Wanderer on her own. Jeb captures Seeker and imprisons her in the caves. Wanderer offers to show Doc the proper method of removing Souls, on the condition that he remove her from Melanie's body and let her die. Doc uses the technique to successfully remove Seeker from her host, with Host and Soul both surviving. Wanderer takes the Seeker alien to a Soul space-travel site, where she sends it to a planet far enough from Earth that it can not return within anyone's lifetime. The plan is to continue freeing hosts and sending the souls to distant planets. After learning that Wanderer wants to die when she is removed, the humans are upset. On the operating table, Melanie and Wanderer share an emotional farewell. But, due to the intervention of the rest of the group, Doc instead inserts Wanderer into Pet (Emily Browning), a human who was left brain-dead after the Soul inside her was removed, thereby ensuring that Wanderer can live without harming a human. Pet is said to be petite and small, with a face "that no one could mistrust." Now with a body of her own, she and Ian form a relationship, while Melanie is finally reunited with Jared. A few months later, while on a supply-gathering trip, Wanderer, Melanie, Ian and Jared are captured. They discover that their captors are actually humans, who reveal that there are several other human groups as well. The also learn that there is a Soul with this group that has sided with the flourishing human resistance, as Wanderer has, and they may not be the last Souls to do so.
tt0129387
Comedy,Romance
In 1985, awkward and shy 16-year-old high-schooler Ted Stroehmann (Ben Stiller) lands a prom date with his dream girl Mary Jensen (Cameron Diaz), only to have it cut short by a painful and embarrassing zipper accident. After the ordeal garners the attention of numerous members of the household and community, Ted is finally carted off to the hospital. He subsequently loses touch with Mary. Thirteen years later, Ted is still in love maybe even obsessed with Mary. On the advice of his best friend Dom, he hires private detective Pat Healy to track her down. Healy finds that she is an orthopedic surgeon living in Miami with her friend, Magda, but Healy falls in love with the irresistible Mary as well. Healy resorts to lying, cheating, stalking, and drugging Magda's dog to win Mary but is exposed by Mary's architect friend, Tucker, who is heavily reliant on crutches and speaks with an English accent. Tucker, however, turns out to be a fraud himself, as he is an able-bodied and entirely American pizza delivery boy who is also in love with Mary. Using slander Tucker drives away potential rivals, among them Brett Favre (the football star, playing himself). Ted, aided by Dom, drives down to Florida to reconnect with Mary. Ted seems to have won Mary's love, until an anonymous letter exposes his being less than honest about his link to Healy. While Ted confronts Healy and Tucker, Mary is confronted by Dom, who turns out to be her former boyfriend Woogie, who "got weird on her" back in high school, setting up the original prom scenario. Having found out that Tucker also lied about Mary's former love interest, football player Brett Favre, Ted decides that Mary should be with Brett (who was the only one of the suitors who did not resort to deceit to win Mary). After reuniting Brett and Mary, Ted leaves tearfully. But Mary chases after Ted, saying that she would be happiest with him. The film concludes with the two engaging in a kiss while a guitarist (Jonathan Richman), who periodically narrated the story in song as a Greek chorus throughout the film, is accidentally shot by Magda's boyfriend who was trying to shoot Ted so he could win over Mary.
tt0077975
Comedy
In 1962, college freshmen Lawrence "Larry" Kroger (Tom Hulce) and Kent Dorfman (Stephen Furst) seek to join a fraternity at Faber College. They visit the prestigious Omega Theta Pi House's invitational party, but are not welcomed there. They then try next door at Delta Tau Chi House, where Kent's brother was once a member, making Kent a "legacy." There they find John "Bluto" Blutarsky (John Belushi) urinating outside the fraternity house. The Deltas "need the dues" so they permit Larry and Kent to pledge. They receive the fraternity names "Pinto" (Larry) and "Flounder" (Kent). Vernon Wormer (John Vernon), dean of Faber College, wants to remove the Delta fraternity from campus due to repeated conduct violations and low academic standing. Since they are already on probation, he puts the Deltas on something he calls "double secret probation" and orders the clean-cut, smug Omega president Greg Marmalard (James Daughton) to find a way to get rid of the Deltas permanently. Flounder is bullied by Omega member and ROTC cadet commander Doug Neidermeyer (Mark Metcalf), so Bluto and Daniel Simpson "D-Day" Day (Bruce McGill) persuade Flounder to sneak Neidermeyer's horse into Dean Wormer's office late at night. They give him a gun and tell him to shoot it. Unbeknownst to Flounder, the gun is loaded with blanks. Unable to bring himself to kill the horse, he fires into the ceiling. The noise frightens the horse so much that it dies of a heart attack. In the cafeteria the next day, smooth-talking Eric "Otter" Stratton (Tim Matheson) tries to convince the stuck-up Mandy Pepperidge (Mary Louise Weller) to abandon her boyfriend, the uninteresting Marmalard, and date him instead. Bluto proceeds to provoke Marmalard with his impression of a popping zit by stuffing his mouth with a scoop of mashed potatoes and propelling it at Marmalard and table mates, Chip Diller (Kevin Bacon) and Barbara "Babs" Jansen (Martha Smith). Bluto then starts a food fight that engulfs the cafeteria. Bluto and D-Day steal the answers to an upcoming psychology test, but it turns out the Omegas planted the exam stencil and the Deltas get every answer wrong. Their grade-point averages drop so low that Wormer needs only one more incident to revoke the charter that allows them to remain on campus. To cheer themselves up, the Deltas organize a toga party, during which Otis Day and the Knights perform "Shout". The dean's alcoholic, lecherous wife, Marion (Verna Bloom), attends the party at Otter's invitation and has sex with him. Pinto hooks up with Clorette (Sarah Holcomb), a girl he met at the supermarket, and makes out with her only to learn she is the mayor's 13-year-old daughter. He later takes her home in a shopping cart. Due to the party, Wormer organizes a kangaroo court with the Omegas and revokes Delta's charter and all belongings are confiscated. To take their minds off their troubles, Otter, Donald "Boon" Schoenstein (Peter Riegert), Flounder and Pinto go on a road trip. Otter picks up some girls from Emily Dickinson College by pretending to be the fianc of Fawn Liebowitz, a girl who recently died on campus. They stop at a roadhouse because Otis Day and the Knights are performing there, not realizing that it caters to an exclusively black clientele. The hulking patrons intimidate the guys and they flee, damaging Flounder's borrowed car and leaving their frightened dates behind. Boon breaks up with his girlfriend Katy (Karen Allen) after discovering her sexual relationship with a professor (Donald Sutherland). Marmalard is told that his girlfriend is having an affair with Otter, so he and other Omegas lure him to a motel and beat him up. The Deltas' midterm grades are so poor that an ecstatic Wormer expels them all. He even notifies their draft boards of their eligibility. In the process, before Bluto attempts to speak to the dean, Wormer orders Flounder to speak with the words, "Well? Out with it!", whereupon Flounder vomits on the dean. It seems time for the Deltas to give up, but Bluto, supported by the injured Otter, rouses them with an impassioned, historically inaccurate speech ("Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor?!") and they decide to take revenge on Wormer and the Omegas. The Deltas construct a rogue parade float with Flounder's car as its base and wreak havoc on the annual homecoming parade. During the ensuing chaos, the futures of many of the main characters are revealed. The last shot of the film is of Bluto driving away in a white convertible with his soon-to-be wife, Mandy Pepperidge.
tt0435625
Adventure,Horror,Thriller
A whitewater rafting trip is underway, with three long-time friends on board. Leading the trip is the bold adventurer, Juno (Natalie Mendoza). Also there is wife and mother Sarah (Shauna Macdonald) and her closest friend, Beth (Alex Reid), both British. Awaiting at the end of the raft adventure is Sarah's husband, Paul (Oliver Milburn) and their daughter, Jessica (Molly Kayll). Paul and Juno share a strange moment before he drives to go back home with Sarah and Jessica. While Sarah and Paul are discussing his apparent absent-mindedness, Paul gets distracted and steers the car into an oncoming small truck that carries metal rods on its roofs. The vehicles collide head-on, which dislodges several of the rods that pierce through the car's windshield, one of them going right through Paul's skull. Sarah has the first in a series of dreams where Jessica appears in a party dress and seems to offer Sarah a birthday cake. Awakening from her injuries in the accident in the hospital, Sarah panics and runs down the hallway, imagining the hospital getting dark around her. She finally snaps out of it when Beth embraces her, and tearfully tells her that Jessica is dead. They both weep as Juno, standing in the distance and also crying, turns and leaves them. A year later, Juno has organized a spelunking (caving-diving) trip in the Appalachian Mountains, in order to bring Sarah out of isolation. The three women from the raft trip gather at a cabin the day before this adventure. An additional three adventurers join them, including Juno's butch friend Holly (Nora-Jane Noone), a base jumper whom even Juno considers reckless. The other two are a pair of European-rooted sisters, the safety-cautious, older sister, Rebecca (Saskia Mulder) and medical student Sam (MyAnna Buring), who, though competent, is the least experienced adventurer of the group. Tension remains between Juno and Beth, as Juno apparently left Scotland the day of the accident one year before. That evening, as the group reminisces about the past and enjoys a lot of drinks, Sarah repeats Paul's motto, "Love Each Day", as her motivation to join the group's adventure. Holly laments that the cave they are to explore is just a tourist trap and offers no real challenges. That night, Sarah has a nightmare that a steel rod hits her face just as it did Paul's. Waking her five companions the following morning, Juno leads them on a long drive over a rough country road. When leaving the cars, Juno seems to intentionally leave behind the cave map. Hiking to the cave entrance, they encounter the huge carcass of a bull elk, with his throat seemingly having been torn open. All the women except Juno and Holly become hesitant when they see the deep cavernous entrance to the cave. They all rappel down into the first pocket of the cave. Descending still further, all daylight is vanished. Juno lights a series of flares, illuminating the huge cavern of the cave system that they've entered. Even Holly is impressed, recording her surroundings with her high-tech night-vision digital camera. As the women prepare to go further, Juno indicates they are looking for a tunnel to bring them deeper into the cave system. Juno apologizes to Sarah for leaving her the previous year and grows tearful when recalling Paul. Seemingly trying to avoid this conversation, Sarah goes off on her own and finds a small tunnel entrance. One by one, the women go into the tunnel, which grows even smaller midway before coming out in another large space of the caves. Sarah is the last to go through and gets stuck on a rock, sending her into a claustrophobic panic. Beth, at first, tries to calm Sarah and then climbs back down the tunnel to help her out. She reminds Sarah that there is nothing to be afraid of, since the worst thing that could happen to her, has already happened. As Beth pulls Sarah out, the tunnel roof begins to tremble and, just as the two pull out, totally collapses behind them. The whole group is distraught at the tunnel collapse, since it is obviously their return route out of the caves, but they soon realize that there are two more exits. Juno then reveals to the others that not only did she not bring the cave map, but she has intentionally taken them to an unexplored cave rather than the one to which she claimed she was taking them. Juno desired to be the first to explore these caves and have the caves named after them. The others are angered and Beth reminds Juno of her walking out when Sarah needed her the most, but Juno replies that Sarahw as not the only one to lose something in that accident. She informs the rest that they must keep moving and look for another exit to the cave lest they die in there. The group comes to an enormous precipice in the cave. Unfortunately, the bag that contained the ropes got lost in the tunnel collapse. In order to get across to a hopeful exit, they must set up a pulley system on the roof of the precipice. Rebecca painfully climbs along the roof using only her arms, hooking the rope to the cave roof. Finally arriving to the opposite side of the precipice, Rebecca sees a hook obviously left by a previous explorer of the cave. Each of the women crosses the precipice using the pulley system and Juno goes last. Claiming they will need all the equipment they can get, Juno pulls down the rope pulley as she crosses the roof. Near the end, Juno loses her grip and falls. Rebecca must grab the rope to get keep Juno from falling, and her hand gets severely cut from rope-burn while slowing down Juno's fall. Juno finally climbs up the precipice wall to join the others. As the six women move on, a drooling mouth is seen in the foreground but is not detected by the women. When walking through the caves, they encounter an ancient-looking mural, resembling a community drawn by early Native Americans. Beth notices that a second exit from the cave is shown on the mural. When it's time to continue, Holly runs in the front. She sees what appears to be daylight (but is actually just phosphorescent rock) and rushes even more, despite Juno telling her to slow down. Suddenly, Holly falls down a huge pit in the cave. Her leg is snapped during the fall, her bone painfully protruding from her skin. All the others rappel down into the pit and tend to Holly. In an excruciating procedure, Sam pushes Holly's leg back into place and makes a makeshift splint from a pick-axe for her, allowing her to limp (albeit slowly and painfully). Meanwhile, Sarah has wandered away from the group. She finds an old, rusty miner's helmet. Looking up she is shocked to see a grotesque creature in the distance. The creature appears humanoid, but is hairless and deformed-looking with sharp claws and small eye sockets. In a moment, the creature disappears as Juno comes to find Sarah. Juno and the group don't believe Sarah about the creature and all, including the limping Holly, go on to find a way out of the cave. They come to a part of the cave with three tunnels and even Juno is vexed as to which one to go down. It is very dark so Holly's night-vision camera is used to make out the surroundings. Apparently, the floor is littered with animal bones. A blood-curdling noise is heard, frightening the women. Suddenly the grotesque creature Sarah had seen is seen in the camera, standing next to the women. Within seconds, the creature climbs with startling speed up the cave wall and out of sight. The creature then jumps on top of Holly. The group starts to panic and Sam and Rebecca flee down one of the tunnels, with Sarah taking another. Sarah shortly loses her footing while running and falls down another pit, knocking her unconscious. The creature bites Holly in the throat, killing her. Juno begins to get into a tug-of-war with the hideous beast over Holly's body. When the creature confronts Juno she slashes its face with her pick-axe. Another similar creature jumps onto Juno. The injured creature drags off Holly's body as the second creature struggles with Juno. Juno finally kills the second creature with her pick-axe. Seconds after killing the creature, Juno hears something coming up behind her and in a reflex, she swings the pick-axe. It is actually Beth and Juno has stabbed her through the throat. Grabbing Juno's necklace, Beth collapses in a pool of her own blood and pleads with Juno to help her. A shocked Juno backs away into one of the tunnels, leaving Beth to die. Sarah has another dream about her daughter and the cake, but her daughter now has the face of a creature. She awakes and realizes she's in a dark pit of fresh kills, practically flooded with the blood and entrails of various animals. Suddenly, the body of Holly is dropped into the pit. Using Holly's night vision camera to see, Sarah watches in horror as several of the creatures, yelping like hyenas and making clicking noises like the echolocation of bats, ravenously devour Holly. Gagging at the sight, Sarah causes one of the creatures to become aware of her presence. Coming to within inches of Sarah's face, it seems unable to detect her presence as she doesn't move a muscle. Juno is soon heard above calling from the others. The creatures all descend from the feeding pit to go after the other prey. Sarah makes a torch so she can find her way out of the pitch-black feeding pit. One of the creatures happens into Sam and Rebecca, who are embracing and remaining as still as possible. This creature roars in their general direction, but fails to see them. Juno again calls out for the others and the creature leaves Sam and Rebecca's vicinity. Sam and Rebecca move on to hopefully find a way out of the caves. Turning a corner, they are attacked by one of the creatures. The creature tries to maul Rebecca while Sam is frozen with fear. However, Juno appears and stabs this creature through the skull with her pick-axe, killing it. Juno confirms that the creatures are totally blind and instead rely on sound to hunt. Meanwhile, Sarah is also trying to escape, returning to where they came in and finds Beth. Beth has lost a lot of blood and explains to Sarah that Juno had stabbed her and left her. Beth shows Sarah Juno's necklace, which contains a pendant with the phrase "Love Each Day" inscribed into it; since it is Paul's motto, Juno must have gotten it from him, and they were probably having an affair. Beth pleads with Sarah to mercy-kill her, which a mournful Sarah does with a nearby rock. Moments later, a small, child-like creature appears and attacks Sarah, jumping on her back. Sarah smashes the small creature into the cave roof and flips it onto the floor, killing it. Within moments, another creature appears, this one apparently a female with long hair and distinct breasts and also apparently the small creature's mother. When the female creature attacks her, Sarah knocks her back and then she falls back into another pit. This time she falls into what appears to be a pond of blood. As she tries to climb out of the blood pond, Sarah is again attacked by the female creature. Though the creature has her pinned down, Sarah manages to reach a nearby jagged bone and stabs the female creature through the face, killing her. A male creature then arrives, failing to detect Sarah's presence as she lies motionless beneath his feet. Sarah assaults the creature, managing to kill him also with the jagged bone. Traumatized and bloodied, Sarah lets out a blood-curdling scream. Juno, Rebecca, and Sam hear Sarah's scream. Juno vows not to leave the caves without Sarah, but changes her tune when she turns to see about a dozen of the creatures crawling in pursuit of them. The three of them run off down the tunnel. Sam takes the lead and comes to another precipice. Though she knows she is too short on rope, she tries to establish another rope-pulley system to get across. When Juno and Rebecca run up behind, they plead with Sam to be careful. A creature jumps out, clings to the cave roof, and attacks Sam. It manages to rip out Sam's throat, but Sam, with her last ounce of strength, stabs the creature, which falls into the water at the bottom. The pursuing creatures arrive and pull down Rebecca. They rip open the screaming Rebecca's stomach and throat, killing her. Cornered at the edge of the precipice, Juno jumps down. Juno lands in a large pool of water at the bottom. Underwater, the creature awaits Juno, but she uses Rebecca's knife to kill it. Juno climbs up the slippery walls, but she loses her grip and begins to fall again. Suddenly, a hand grabs her, pulling her up. It turns out to be Sarah. Sarah is now bloodied and nearly silent, almost frightening Juno with her feral appearance. Sarah asks Juno what became of Beth, and Juno's admission that she saw Beth being killed confirms Sarah's suspicions that Juno is not to be trusted. Juno and Sarah run off, still looking for an escape. Coming into a cavern, they realized they are surrounded by four of the creatures. When the creatures close in, a violent struggle ensues. Juno and Sarah each kill a creature with their pick-axes, but are disarmed by a second wave of attacking creatures. Sarah kills her attacker by gouging out his eyes, while Juno kills the other by stabbing him through the throat with Sarah's flaming torch. After the fight, Sarah silently shows Paul's necklace to Juno, who is stunned and has no response. A tense stand-off with the pick-axes occurs between them. Momentarily distracted by the sound of more creatures coming near, Juno is stabbed through the leg by Sarah's pick-axe. Just as Juno left Beth to die, Sarah leaves Juno to die. As she runs off, Sarah hears the sounds of the creatures and Juno screaming. Sarah runs into a side cavern and collapses into a pile of bones. At the top of the cavern, daylight peeks through. Sarah frantically climbs to the light and pulls herself up into the woods above, blinded by the daylight. Now in utter panic, Sarah runs back to the cars and takes off in one of them. Driving off back down the country roads they had come in on, she stops the car and vomits out of the window from the psychological trauma. Turning back, Sarah is startled by the bloodied figure of Juno sitting next to her in the passenger seat. Shifting her head, Sarah wakes up. She lies in the pile of bones and realizes that she's still in the cavern; her escape was a fantasy. The cavern actually is a dead-end with no light coming in. To comfort herself, Sarah fantasizes about her daughter Jessica giving her the birthday cake again. As Sarah drifts off in her own mind, the sounds of the creatures draw nearer.
tt1259571
Adventure,Drama,Fantasy
A thick, yellow moon slowly transforms into the title "New Moon." We hear Bella Swan (Kristen Stewart)'s voice, quoting Friar Lawrence from "Romeo and Juliet": "These violent delights have violent ends.." and, although we don't know it yet, she is having a nightmare. She fights through a crowd of group of red cloaked strangers in the noon-day sun. She looks up to see a clock tower and the big hand that moves to 12:00. Suddenly she emerges from the woods into a glade of flowers, looking across to her grandmother (Christina Jastrzembska). Edward Cullen (Robert Pattinson) comes up behind Bella. She tries to warn him away, "Don't. She'll see you." He keeps approaching, however. She seems to welcome his decision to reveal himself and, as she takes his hand says, "Okay." They approach Bella's Grandma and Bella says, "Gran, I'd like you to meet Edward," but the words come out of the older woman, as well as Bella. She realizes it is her, older, wrinkled, and her Grandma is really her reflection, standing next to an eternally youthful Edward. He leans over and kisses her wrinkled forehead. Charlie (Billy Burke), Bella's father, wakes her up from the nightmare. She's fallen asleep reading "Romeo and Juliet." He wishes Bella a happy birthday. He gives her two gifts, a digital camera from him, and a scrapbook from her mother. She protests weakly as she'd thought they'd agreed that she wasn't going to get any presents. He jokes that she is obsessed with aging and points out a grey hair on her head. Bella scurries to the mirror, relieved that he was kidding. As Bella drives to school in her old brick red, beat-up Chevrolet truck (license plate 24G-7HI) the radio relays that three hikers are missing, presumed dead. When she arrives at the parking lot she talks to her friends, Jessica, Mike, Angela, and Eric, all of who seem to know nothing of her birthday. She takes a picture of them as Edward drives up in the parking lot in a brand-new, black Volvo 2010 X60 (license plate 57F-6D3). The rest of the group depart when he arrives. Edward wishes her a happy birthday. Bella tells him shes not very happy about it. She's eighteen now, which is a year older than him. Edward discounts her worry. After all, hes 109. They kiss passionately but he breaks away, saying that they need to go to class. He also stops her because Jacob wants to see her, even though he hasn't arrived yet. When he does Edward backs away. Bella marvels at the changes that have come over Jacob (Taylor Lautner), teasing him about taking anabolic steroids. He too gives Bella a gift. It's a dreamcatcher, a woven band meant to keep bad dreams away. "That's kinda perfect," says Bella, reflecting on her nightmare. Jacob departs. Edward asks Bella why Jacob Black can give her gifts but he cannot. She tells him the reason is that she cannot give him back anything. In the hallway of the school the rest of the school-age Cullen clan arrive. Though Alice Cullen (Ashley Greene) is glad to see her, Jasper Cullen (Jackson Rathbone) remains aloof, staring at her from the other side of the hallway. Alice gives her a present which, using her vampire ability of augury, tells Bella she will love. She also invites Bella to a birthday party they're going to have for her that night, which starts at 7:00. Bella agrees but then realizes that Jasper has altered her mood to make her happily agree and gently chides him for it. In class Edward and Bella are talking during the movie that is being shown. Edward says how doesn't like Romeo because he is so quick to act after he sees Juliet dead, but he is jealous of him for one reason. Bella believes this to be of Juliet, but he says it is of the ease of suicide humans have, since it is almost impossible for vampires. He later tells Bell that he began to think along these lines when he thought Bella might not have survived the attack by James a few months before. He says he would have gone and provoked the Volturi. Bella is horrified by this thought and says he should never say it again. Edwards is then questioned by their teacher, Mr. Berty, who believes he's not been paying attention to the BBC version of "Romeo and Juliet" they've been watching. Edward responds by quoting Romeo's final soliloquy from the play. "O, here Will I set up my everlasting rest, And shake the yoke of inauspicious stars From this world-wearied flesh. Eyes, look your last! Arms, take your last embrace! and, lips, O you The doors of breath, seal with a righteous kiss" This silences their teacher. Bella goes to the Cullens' house for a birthday party. Before the proceedings Edward and Bella stand before a painting of the Volturi, which includes Edward's vampiric father Carlisle Cullen (Peter Facinelli). The painting comes to life, showing an earlier time, as Edward explains that Carlisle lived with them for a few decades and that the Volturi are the closest things the vampire race has to royalty. They have no respect for human life but they do respect the arts, the sciences and, above all, the law. The Volturi have simple rules: to not make spectacles of themselves, to not kill conspicuously. The penalty for disobedience is death. During this exposition the Volturi tableau shows Aro (Michael Sheen), the supposed leader, Marcus (Christopher Heyerdahl) who has long-flowing black hair, and Caius (Jamie Campbell Bower), who has long-flowing white hair, taking a transgressor, laying their hands upon him, and tearing him apart as Carlisle turns away, disturbed. Edward has broken the law by telling Bella, a human, too much. He also predicts that Victoria will come for him some day. Bella tells Edward that they would never have to think about this if he would turn her into a vampire. He says firmly that won't ever happen. All are gathered in the main hall. Rosalie Cullen (Nikki Reed) gives her a necklace, which she claims was all Alice's idea. Then Emmett (Kellan Lutz) gives her an empty box, but tells her that he has already installed a new sound system in her beat-up truck ("Don't hate the truck," jokes Bella) . As she opens another gift from Carlisle and Esme, Bella gets a paper cut and a drop of her blood lands on the carpet. Jasper immediately lunges for her, unable to resist the temptation of her blood. Edward protectively throws Bella back against a glass table and repels Jasper, throwing him backward into a piano. Jasper comes on, mad for her blood, but he's stopped by Edward, Carlisle and Emmett. Bella's right arm is seriously cut by the shards. Even Alice seems tempted by the sight and smell of her blood and apologetically has to excuse herself. Carlisle also has to order Edward out, who stands transfixed by the bleeding sight of Bella, several feet away, with the excuse that only he can talk to Jasper, who must now be ashamed of his actions. Carlisle takes her to get stitches in his office. Bella asks him how he can resist her. "Practice," he tells her. She asks him why he does it, and he says he wants to help people, even if he is "damned regardless." She does not understand what he means. "Like hell?" she presses, insisting this is impossible. Carlisle tells her of the belief that vampires do not have souls. Bella realizes that is why Edward will not change her. "Imagine the reverse," Carlisle says, "if you could take away his soul." He burns her blood in a bowl. Afterward, Edward drives home with her in her truck. He talks about the welfare of Bella's soul. Bella argues that he can't always protect her. She will get ill, have an accident, and get old. If he turns her, none of this will happen. "That's not a solution," Edward counters, "It's a tragedy." Bella says she doesn't care about her soul. But its still Bella's birthday and she requests one last thing, that Edward kiss her. They do and Edward again has to restrain himself. They exchange vows of love. That evening Bella prints out a photo of her and Edward. She folds the photo in half, leaving Edward's side facing up. The next day the Cullens are not at school. Edward comes over to Bella's house after school before she arrives. He sees the bent photo. Bella arrives and Edward intercepts her before she gets to the house. He tells her they have to talk. After a walk some ways away on a trail in the forest, he stops and tells her that they are leaving Forks. "Carlisle is supposed to be ten years older than he looks and people are starting to notice." Bella says that she'll have to prepare some excuse for Charlie but when she notices that Edward isn't picking up on the suggestion realizes he isn't talking about taking her with them. "You don't belong in my world," says Edward. "I belong with you," she retorts. "I don't want you to come," he continues. "If this is about my soul, take it," she protests, "I don't want it without you." He gets more pointed. He can't stay with her anymore, stating, "You're not good for me." He asks her to promise that she will not do anything reckless, for Charlie's sake, and in return he promises her she will never see him again. He kisses her on her forehead and disappears. Bella runs after him and as it gets dark. Lost deep in the woods she trips and drops to the forest floor, depleted and deserted. She falls asleep sobbing. An enormous wolf watches her from a nearby rise. Back at the Swans house (number 184) that same night, a search party is starting to form, looking for Bella. When it's mentioned that the Cullens have left town, Charlie's friend Harry (Graham Greene) says, Good riddance. From the woods at the edge of the house a shirtless Sam Uley (Chaske Spencer) carries Bella in his arms. He hands her over to Charlie. Harry nods to Sam in some sort of recognition. Safe now but still depressed and unable to see or contact Edward, Bella becomes despondent for many months. She writes e-mails to Alice (at acullen@) though they all appear to be undeliverable. She screams at night, waking Charlie. Her wailing is so uncontrollable that Charlie confronts her. She is to go to Jackson because she needs a new setting. He suggests that she leave Forks. Finally, to appease her father and to stay in Washington she tells him she's arranged to go shopping with Jessica (Anna Kendrick). Charlie finds this unlikely but is pleased that she's doing something social. Jessica and Bella leave a zombie film called "The Dead Come Back" (showing at 7:00 and 9:45) Bella spies a bunch of bikers in front of a bar called One-Eyed Pete's. She recognizes them as the same gang that Edward beat up when they menaced Bella during their pre-courtship. Seeing them she also recalls Edward's admonition not to do anything reckless and she even sees a ghostly visage of him. "Keep walking," he says, "this is dangerous." He then disappears. Excited, and wanting to have another visitation, she assumes that Edward will appear before her only if she's doing something that will endanger her. She comes up to one of the seedier bikers and asks for a ride. He lets her get on and speeds down the street. Again she sees the spectral Edward, warning her not to do what she's doing. She arrives back in one piece, much to the horror and disgust of Jessica, who states that she's either insane or suicidal and asks her if she's now become an adrenaline junkie. Bella continues to write e-mails to Alice. She describes her situation as having "a hole in my chest." Bella renews her friendship with Jacob. She brings him two dilapidated motorcycles, asking him to help her refurbish them. Though she warns him that they're heavy, Jacob easily lifts them from the bed of her truck. 'You're like, buff,' she says, incredulous. 'You're like 16." "What are you?, he retorts, "Like 40?" As they strip and reassemble the bikes the easy friendship between Bella and Jacob grows more substantial. She smiles. He introduces her to "my two boys" Quill and Embry. They state that Jacob has been calling Bella his girlfriend. Jacob corrects them. He was calling her a girl who was a friend. Jacob and Quill wrestle. Bella is still plagued by bad dreams, however. As Bella drives Jacob they see some of the Quileute tribe, Sam, Paul, Embry and Jared, cliff diving. Jacob is clearly upset by them. He refers to them as "Sam and his cult," and "Sam and his disciples." Jake says that Embry had formerly said they were like "hall monitors on steroids" but now was one of them. "Sam keeps giving me this look, like he's waiting for me," Jacob says. Once the bikes are operational Bella and Jake takes them out. Bella drives recklessly, trying to conjure up Edward's spirit again. As she speeds along his spectral form passes by her on the road like mile markers. But she loses control of the bike. She wrecks the bike and Jacob drives his bike down the road to her accident. Bella wants to go again but she is bleeding from the head. She apologizes but then realizes that she doesn't need to around Jake. He pulls off his shirt and dabs her head. "You're sorta beautiful," she says. In the cafeteria at school Bella rejoins her old group of friends. Angela (Christian Serratos) says she saw a large wolf and the group talks about how five hikers have now been killed. Mike asks her if she would like to go to a movie. He suggests, "Love Spelled Backward Is Love." Wanting nothing to do with romance Bella suggests "Face Punch." Bella invites the rest of the group to go along. Everyone agrees to go to "Face Punch." At the theater Mike and Jacob wait outside. Jacob acts territorial as if he wants to frighten Mike away, telling him hears that "Face Punch" "sucks." Bella arrives and explains that's it's just the three of them as Jessica has bailed and Angela was home with the stomach flu. They go into the movie. The films tagline is "Let's Do This!" As they watch the movie they hear the film's tagline ("Lets do this!") spoken during what sounds like a Mexican standoff onscreen. Bella looks down at the armrests on either side of her. Both Jacob and Mike have their hands on the rests, turned upward, as if waiting for her to settle her hands on theirs. The violent conflict onscreen turns Mike's stomach, who leaves to presumably get sick. Outside, in the lobby (where posters announce other films coming up including "Parking" and "Gambling, Gods and LSD") Jacob tries to hold Bella's hand. She draws away. She's obviously conflicted. "I'm not like a car you can fix up. I'm never gonna run right," she says. "You're about to ruin everything and I need you," she tells him. Jacob says that he knows what's standing between them is Edward. He continues, "I know what he did to you. I would never, ever, do that. I won't ever hurt you. I promise." She puts her head on his shoulder. Mike arrives, stating that he needs to go home, claiming he was feeling sick before the movie. His weakness rankles Jacob who threatens to put him in the hospital. Bella intervenes and discovers that Jacob is burning up. Jacob is taken aback by his own aggression, says he doesn't know what's happening to him, and leaves in a rush. Bella is alternately haunted by dreams and visions of Edward and her longing for the physical presence of Jacob. She leaves numerous phone messages for him, asking why he won't return any of her calls. She is told he has mononucleosis. Charlie and Harry get ready to go fishing. Charlie is worried about leaving her alone and she, conversely, is worried about them going out into the woods with those hulking creatures. "Bears wont get the drop on me, Bella," Harry says, "My kung-fu is strong." Finally she finally decides to track down Jacob and confront him herself. When she arrives at Jacob's house it's raining. Jacob has indeed changed; he's cut his hair quite short and has a tattoo. He seems ashamed of something and now, instead of trying to keep her around, warns Bella away. "I'm not good," he says. "I used to be." She asks if Sam and his cult have gotten to him. "Sam's trying to help me," counters Jacob. If she wants someone to blame for their predicament, he tells her, she can blame those filthy blood-suckers you love; the Cullens. She doesn't know how Jacob knows that the Cullens are vampires but it unnerves her and she leaves. Attempting to "find the place where I can see him again" Bella walks into a glade similar to the one from her early dream and discovers the vampire Laurent there. He too is looking for the Cullens and is equally surprised by her presence. He informs her he is doing the bidding of Victoria and wants to know where Edward is. Edward's ghostly presence appears, "Lie," he tells Bella. She begins to stutter out an excuse. "Lie better," says Edward. Laurent asks why she has been left unprotected by the Cullens since he believed her to be some sort of pet. He also points out that she couldn't be very important to them if they've left her so vulnerable. Bella starts to plead and bargain but Laurent has decided she's too mouth-watering to not feast on. When Edward's spirit tells her to threaten Laurent, he doesn't believe her at all. He claims that he's being merciful as Victoria had planned to kill her slowly, painfully and he will kill her quickly. Bella believes she's going to die and simply says, 'I love you, Edward,' wanting these to be her last words. Before Laurent can strike, however, an enormous black wolf emerges. Several other wolves join him and they chase after Laurent. The last wolf to give chase fixes upon Bella and she is reflected in his canine eye. Up ahead Laurent thrusts the lead black wolf back and a vicious battle begins. Back at the house Bella bursts in to inform Charlie and Harry that she has seen the creatures that have been killing people in the woods and that they're wolves. Charlie tells Harry to get some guys from the reservation together so that they can go hunting, and Charlie decides he had better go down to the police station to file the report. Bella urges him to go so that he will get out of the house, since she thinks that Laurent will have gone and told Victoria of Bella's situation, and that she will be coming soon to kill her. That night, in her room, she hears someone throwing pebbles at her window. She looks down to see Jacob. He effortlessly climbs up to her second story room. He wants to explain to her whats going on with him but he can't, he tells her. He begs her to remember the story he told her on the beach in LaPush. She recalls the story of the "cold ones," the vampires but obviously can't recollect the entire tale. She brushes his hair but he sees the scar from the bite from the vampire James. Bella suggests that they leave Forks. She would go, she says, if he would come with her. He hugs her but realizes that he is endangering her and leaps from her window. The next day Bella arrives at Jacob's house. When Billy Black (Gil Birmingham) opens the door he tells her that Jacob is not home. Not believing him, she bursts into Jacobs room to find him sleeping soundly, as though exhausted. Bella sees Sam, Paul, Embry, and Jared leaving the woods. She charges up to them, telling them to leave Jacob alone. They laugh mockingly at her, causing Bella to slap Paul. He immediately transforms into an enormous wolf, to the amusement of the other Quileutes. She runs from Paul just as she sees Jacob emerge from the house. She tells him to run but Jacob instead leaps from the porch and hurdles over Bella, himself changing to a wolf in mid-air. The two wolves engage in a fierce fight, destroying a small rowboat in the process. Sam tells Jared and Embry to take her to his fiance, Emily's house. Before they enter Emily's house Jared and Embry advise her not to stare at her. "Why would I stare?" asks Bella but she quickly understands. Emily Young (Tinsel Korey) is badly scarred on the right side of her face. Emily is kind and relaxed. "So, you're the vampire girl?" she asks Bella. Bella asks back, "So, you're the wolf girl?" "Guess so," Emily agrees. Emily starts to serve muffins to Jared and Embry as they openly discuss the werewolf world, including having to follow the orders of their alpha male, Sam. They all seem very nonchalant about what Bella's just witnessed. Sam, Paul and Jacob then enter.. Paul apologizes for transforming in front of Bella earlier with a tossed-off "Sorry" as she and Jacob walk outside. Bella and Jacob walk on the beach as Jacob explains what precipitated his change into being a werewolf. "Bloodsucker moves into town, the fever sets in," he says. Bella says that she thinks what they do is monstrous and that he shouldn't do it. "Its not a lifestyle choice," Jacob protests as he wonders aloud if he's just "not the right kind of monster" for her. He also disabuses her of the notion that they're killing people. There's only one thing they do kill and that's vampires. She warns him of the strength and speed of vampires, not believing that anyone would be able to kill one. But Jacob says they "took out the leech with the dreads," Laurent, "easy enough." They had almost caught Victoria too; they had chased her all the way to the Canadian border. They can't figure out what she's after though, and Bella informs him that Victoria is after her. Back at the Swans, Bella warns Jacob again about Victoria's incredible speed. "Your lack of confidence is insulting," says Jacob. He leaves as he "has a vampire to go kill." At the same time a posse, which includes Harry and Charlie, search the woods for the menace while Bella decides she knows a way to reconnect with Edward after all. Harry lags behind Charlie in the woods, eradicating any sign of the wolves. Behind him, in the trees, Victoria stalks him. She finally surprises Harry and clutches his throat, lifting him up off the ground in the process. Jacob, as a wolf, tackles Victoria, breaking her grip. She drops Harry, who then suffers a heart attack. Jacob and Victoria briefly square off but then she breaks for the ocean with the Quileute pack in pursuit. At the cliffs she dives into the ocean and Jacob pulls up short. Bella, meanwhile, arrives the spot where they had watched Sam and the others cliff dive. Edward has already divined her actions. He appears beside her, again in spectral form. "Don't do this," he says. "You wanted me to be human," Bella counters; "Watch me." She leaps into the ocean, goes under briefly, then breaks the surface. She's exhilarated initially until the surf comes in and pounds her back down. Through the murky water she sees a red-headed woman swimming towards her. Bella backs away, striking her head on the cliff wall. She begins to sink. Edward's presence appears beside her but it dissipates when a hand reaches down and pulls her out. It's Jacob and he pulls Bella to shore, giving her CPR to resuscitate her. She comes back and he cradles her in his arms. Jacob informs her that Harry had a heart attack and has died. Jake is driving Bella's truck while she shivers on the passenger side. "108 degrees over here," says Jacob, describing his ambient body temperature. She slides over and warms up beside him. They park. Jacob worries that what happened to Emily, Sam's fiance, could happen to her. "Sam lost it for a split second. What if I got mad at you?" His lack of control is consuming him. "I feel like I'm going to disappear," he says. She responds that she will prevent that by telling him every day how special he is. They almost kiss and she nuzzles his neck. She doesn't want it to go further and starts to get out of the truck. Jacob pulls the door closed before she can. He smells a vampire nearby. Bella sees the Cullens' car and heads towards the house. Jacob warns her she is about to cross a line that he can't cross because of the treaty. Once inside the house Alice appears. Shes amazed to find Bella alive; she saw her leap to her death. "I didn't try to kill myself," says Bella, "I was cliff jumping. It was...fun." Alice tells her Edward has removed himself from them; he calls in only every few months. She also knows that Victoria has been around. She then crinkles her nose, "and what is that gawd-awful wet-dog smell?" As Alice is advising her that werewolves are not good company to keep Jacob appears. Alice gives them a moment alone. Bella and Jacob quarrel again in the kitchen. They are angered and attracted by the other. Jacob kisses her lightly but is interrupted when the phone rings. Jacob answers it, "Swan residence," and then, "He's not here right now; he's arranging a funeral." On the other end is Edward. He's in Rio and he assumes the funeral is for Bella. He crumples the phone in his hand. Alice bursts in as Edward now believes that Bella is dead. He's going to the Volturi to end his life too. Bella is incensed when she realizes that it was Edward on the phone and that Jacob didn't let her talk to him. She leaves with Alice. Alice and Bella fly on Virgin America airlines to Italy. Alice is driving a fancy yellow sports car, alluding to the fact that she hot-wired it at the airport, as they speed toward Volterra, the headquarters of the Volturi. Meanwhile Edward has appeared before Caius, Marcus and Aro. They reject Edward's petition to end his life as they find his particular gifts too valuable to destroy. Alice gets a vision of the Volturi refusing him because his gifts are too precious to waste, and they offer him a spot on the Volturi gaurd. Alice also foresees that Edward will now expose himself to humans in broad daylight during the feast of Saint Marcos. They can drive no closer to the center of town, where the Voturi appear to be headquartered. Alice says that if she tries to save him he will read her thoughts and rush into the process even faster. Only Bella, whose thoughts Edward can't read, can save him. Bella leaves the car to run on foot. She dashes through red cloaks and down dark alleys. Precisely at noon, exactly as in her dream, she gets to the town square. She sees Edward in a darkened entryway, disrobing, and about to step into the sunlight. She dashes across a fountain and hurls herself upon him. Only a little girl briefly has glimpsed the glittering man. In the dark of the building Bella says that, since she has seen him again, she can't let him go. Edward professes his love for her. He was going to end his life because he couldn't live in a world where she didn't exist. They kiss as the Volturi come to summon them. No laws have been broken, says Edward, now fearing for Bella. Nevertheless they are to appear. Alice breaks in, hoping to avert a confrontation. It appears they will get away until a young vampire woman named Jane (Dakota Fanning) appears. Both Alice and Edward appear afraid of her. They comply and go with the Volturi, taking an elevator down to an underground complex. They pass a receptionist who welcomes them. Bella asks if she's human. She is, she is told, one who wishes to become a vampire. Aro is genteel but menacing. Alec compliments his sister for being asked to fetch one and bringing back two and a half (referring to Bella as the half). Bella is obviously a problem. She knows too much about them. Aro takes Edward's hand. Aro's gift is that he can read peoples' minds with a mere touch. He's intrigued as Edward can't read Bella's mind. He sees Edward's longing for her and is amazed at how much Bella's blood appeals to him. Aro is impressed at Edward's self-control which Edward says is achieved not without some difficulty. Aro wants to see if Bella is impervious to his gifts. "Would you do me the honor?" he asks as he requests her hand. Bella complies. Aro tires to read her mind but can see nothing. He's clearly frustrated by this. He then invites his sister, Jane, to try her gifts on the human. Edward tries to intervene and Jane wracks him with pain with but a single glance. Jane then tries to inflict pain on Bella. "This may hurt, just a little," she says knowingly. She finds, to her consternation, that she can't affect Bella either. Aro bursts into a laugh and wonders what to do with Bella. Marcus says Aro already knows what to do. Caius points out that Bella knows too much about the vampire world and is a liability. Aro sighs and agrees, and summons Felix, a hulking vampire of impressive size, to kill Bella. Edward fights Felix but he's clearly no match. As Edward is put in the position of the heretic in the earlier tableau, about to be ripped apart by Aro and the rest of the Volturi, Bella screams for mercy and begs, "Kill me, not him." "How extraordinary," says an astonished Aro, "You would give up your life for someone like us. A soulless monster." Bella stares defiantly at Aro and tells him, "You don't know a thing about his soul," Aro is both impressed and offended by her impertinence and moves in to slaughter her. Alice interrupts him though when she successfully prophesies to him that Bella will become a vampire; she's seen it in the future. Aro takes her hand and sees Alice's vision of Bella and Edward running through a sylvan glen. Bella's eyes are the amber color of a vampire, and her skin sparkles. "I'll change her myself," says Alice. "Your gifts will make an intriguing immortal," says Aro to Bella. As Bella, Edward, and Alice leave, however, Caius warns them to follow through on their promises as the Volturi do not give second chances. Walking out they pass a group of tourists being escorted down into the Volturi chamber; they're obviously a meal for the vampires. One of the henchmen asks one of the guides to "save some for me." Bella looks behind her to see small children among the group. They hear the chamber door open and the screams begin. The screams wake her from her sleep. Shes back in her bedroom in Forks. Edward sits beside her on the bed. Edward says the only reason he'd left her before was to protect her and that it was the hardest thing he'd done in one hundred years. He's interrupted by the entrance of Charlie. Bella apologizes for disappearing for three days. Charlie says she's grounded for the rest of her life, then leaves. Edward reappears and says that Charlie won't forgive him easily for abandoning Bella earlier. Bella says he won't be able to get rid of her easily once Alice changes her. Edward still rejects that notion, saying there are always ways to keep the Volturi from finding out. But Bella doesn't dare risk this and makes Edward bring her to the Cullen house. Back at the Cullen's home Bella says "you all know what I want" and requests a vote. Alice says she already thinks of her as a sister and votes "yes." Jasper votes "yes" saying that it will be nice to not always want to kill her. Rosalie says that being a vampire isn't a life she would have chosen for herself and she wishes someone would have been able to vote no for her. She votes "no." Emmett votes 'hell yeah.' Esme votes "yes" saying that she already thinks of Bella as family. Carlisle approaches. He's clearly going to vote "yes." Edward looks as if he's been betrayed but Carlisle says Edward has chosen not to live without Bella, so Carlisle has no choice; he won't lose his son. Edward is driving Bella home. Bella suggests that they wait until after graduation, though she still wishes Edward would change her. They are stopped when they find Jacob in the middle of the road. Edward realizes he has to confront Jacob but wants to thank him first for protecting Bella when he didn't. Jacob agrees with Edward's point but also wants to stress a key point in the treaty. If any of the Cullens bite a human (and here he's referring to the proposed turning of Bella) the truce is over. Bella says it's her decision. Jacob reminds her that, once she's a vampire he will have to help his tribe hunt her down; he won't have a choice. Bella tells Jake that she loves him but begs him not to make her choose between him and Edward because, referring to Edward, it will be him. "It's always been him." Edward attempts to get Bella to walk away which angers Jacob. He advances and Edward pushes him back through the air. Jacob turns into a wolf before he hits the ground. They face each other, ready to fight. Bella reminds them that they can't hurt each other without hurting her. Realizing he's in a losing situation, Jacob bounds away. The danger passed, Edward and Bella resume their talk of turning her. He asks her to wait. "Give me five years," he asks. "That's too long," she says. "Three," he bargains. She's having none of it. He marvels at her stubbornness. Then Edward makes a different proposal. "I have one condition," he says, "if you want me to do it myself." "Marry me, Bella." She gasps. The screen fades to black.
tt1625346
Comedy,Drama
In Minneapolis, Minnesota, the self-absorbed Mavis Gary (Charlize Theron) is the divorced, 37-year-old ghost writer of the Waverly Prep series of young adult novels, who is on deadline with her editor to finish the last book of the soon-to-be-canceled series. While experiencing a creative block, Mavis receives an e-mail with pictures of the newborn daughter of her high school boyfriend Buddy Slade (Patrick Wilson) and his wife Beth Slade (Elizabeth Reaser). Believing this to be a sign she and Buddy are meant to be together, Mavis returns to her hometown of Mercury, Minnesota, to reclaim her life with Buddy, under the pretext she is overseeing a real estate deal. Upon arriving after multiple listens to Teenage Fanclub off a mixtape Buddy gave her in high school, Mavis invites him to meet her at a local sports bar for old times' sake the next day. In the interim, she goes alone to a different bar, Woody's. There she reconnects with a former classmate she barely remembers, Matt Freehauf (Patton Oswalt), who became disabled after being beaten by jocks who erroneously assumed he was gay. Matt tells Mavis that her plans to destroy Buddy's marriage are insane, but Mavis ignores him. The following day, Mavis meets Buddy at the sports bar, where they run into Matt, the bar's bookkeeper, who teases Mavis about her plans. On their way out, Buddy invites Mavis to a presentation of drummer Beth's "mom rock band", and asks her to autograph some of her books for Buddy's niece. Mavis agrees, and, after spending another night getting drunk with Matt, who distills homemade bourbon in the garage of the house he shares with his sister Sandra (Collette Wolfe), attends the concert, where the other moms are resentful of what one remembers as the "psychotic prom queen bitch." Buddy becomes uncomfortable with Mavis's advances and decides to leave. Beth wants to extend her girls' night out, however, so Mavis offers to drive the drunk Buddy home. On the lawn they share a kiss that's quickly broken up when the babysitter opens the front door to greet them. The next day, after an awkward encounter with her parents, Mavis is invited to Buddy's daughter's naming ceremony. She goes out with Matt again to Woody's, where they continue to bond and later bicker. The following day, Mavis attends the party, where she declares her love for Buddy, but he rebuffs her. Distraught, Mavis attempts to leave and runs into Beth, who accidentally spills wine on Mavis's dress. Mavis insults her, and tearfully reveals that she got pregnant with Buddy's baby years ago, but had a miscarriage after three months. Buddy, who has been preparing a drum-set gift for Beth in the garage, opens the garage door and belatedly learns what's transpired. Mavis asks him why he invited her. He reveals it was Beth's idea, as she feels sorry for Mavis. Humiliated, Mavis leaves the party and visits Matt, where she breaks down in tears and initiates sex. The following morning, while Matt sleeps, Mavis has coffee in the kitchen with Sandra, who tells Mavis she's better than the rest of Mercury. Mavis realizes she needs to go back to the city. Sandra asks to go with her, but Mavis rebuffs her and leaves alone. On her way out, she is able to write the last chapter of the book, in which the main character, much like Mavis, realizes the true meaning of being an adult, and both prepare to start their lives anew.
tt2053425
Drama,Romance
Ali (Matthias Schoenaerts) in his mid 20's, an unemployed father to a young son, Sam (Armand Verdure) arrives in Antibes, southern France to look for work. Having no money, he crashes with his sister Anna (Corinne Masiero) who already has her own share of problems with money and temporary employment. Ali gets a job as a bouncer in a night club but still keeps his passion burning for kick boxing. On a usual evening in the night club, Ali meets Stphanie (Marion Cotillard) and escorts her safely to her home after she is injured in a brawl at the club. She works at a local marine tourist park where she suffers a tragic accident during a show and wakes up in the hospital to realize that her legs have been amputated. Ali meets a guy at work who informs him about a kick boxing fixture he can make money from. Stphanie, now in a wheelchair, is terminally depressed and gives Ali a call. Ali visits her and takes her to a beach where they swim. Over a period of time, Ali and Stphanie spend a lot of time together and get involved in casual sex every now and then, while Ali hooks up with other women as well, being honest about it with Stphanie. Stphanie starts to accompany Ali to the kick boxing matches and a symbiosis forms between both of them. Stphanie starts to feel better about herself in Ali's company and gets artificial limbs. She starts to walk again and even manages Ali's bets for kick boxing. Ali, Stphanie and some friends visit the same night club where Ali used to work. Ali goes to the dance floor and flirts with a girl as Stphanie watches curiously. Ali goes away with the girl leaving a dejected Stphanie with other friends. Anna is fired from her job as the higher management comes to know of her taking home the expired food products. Anna blames Ali for this as Ali was involved in an odd job where he installed spy cameras in work areas at the direction of the management to spy on the activities of their employees. This results in a standoff between Ali and Anna's partner and Ali leaves. Sam stays with Anna while Ali goes to a training facility for kick boxers in a distant place and loses touch with Stphanie. Sam visits Ali at his facility for a day and both are shown playing on a frozen lake. A weak spot on the frozen lake cracks and Sam falls into the lake, loses consciousness and floats on. Ali takes a while to realize that Sam is nowhere to be seen. Once he spots Sam under the frozen lake, Ali releases a desperate volley of punches to break the surface and gets an unconscious Sam out. In the process, Ali fractures his hands. Sam survives and in the hospital Ali breaks down while talking to Stphanie on the phone and confesses his love for her after realizing that he had been cold and insensitive to her all this time. As the film closes, Ali is shown to have gone professional in kick-boxing as Sam and Stephanie stand by him in what looks like a post-fight victory ceremony.
tt0431308
Comedy,Drama,Romance
On a country road in Ireland over ten years ago, it was love at first sight for Holly, a lost young tourist (Academy Award winner, Hilary Swank), and Gerry, a charming local lad (Gerard Butler). Hollys formidable mother, (Kathy Bates), disapproved of the couple, concerned that her spirited daughter was too young for marriage. In the years since, the once fearless Holly has become unsure of her own identity. When Gerry dies with a brain tumor and leaves Holly a widow just shy of her thirtieth birthday, her family and best friends (Lisa Kudrow, Gina Gershon) are concerned that she will never emerge from her takeout container-strewn Manhattan apartment. After weeks holed up watching old movies, a birthday cake and tape recording message from Gerry mysteriously arrives, marking the beginning of a series of letters instructing her to perform unusual requests. With the help of her girlfriends, Holly begins a year of wild adventures and a life journey that Gerry has planned for her, helping her to discover who she is without him and reminding her - p.s. I Love You. P.S. I Love You is based on the best-selling novel by Cecelia Ahern.
tt0758752
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Pittsburgh, 1996. Jamie (Jake Gyllenhall) is seen working in an electronics store. He's talking and flirting with women of all ages into buying phones and stereos while flirting with the store owner's girlfriend, Christy. Jamie and Christy sneak into the back to have sex and she accidentally calls her boyfriend on the intercom phone and he hears them everything. After getting punched in the face by his boss, Jamie runs out of the store (stopping to flirt with a woman, named Amber, on the way out). Later that night, Jamie is at his parents house for dinner. His father and his sister are doctors and his bumbling brother, Josh, is rich from owning a medical software company. At dinner, Josh and his wife fight and he brings up Jamie getting fired and the family gets on him for dropping out of med school. Jamie blows them off and brings up that Josh is going to help him get set up as a pharmaceutical sales rep. With Josh's help, Jamie goes to work for Pfizer after he attends several seminar classes. After that, Jamie goes out practicing his sales pitch and trying to get doctors to prescribe Zoloft and Zithromax. He is rebuffed constantly by doctors much to the dismay of his business partner and supervisor Bruce (Oliver Platt) who sees Jamie as his ticket to the "big leagues" of Chicago so Bruce can be near his wife and kids. Bruce tells Jamie if he can get Dr. Knight (Hank Azaria) to prescribe Zoloft instead of Prozac then all the other doctors will follow his lead. After trying to chat Dr. Knight up several times unsuccessfully, Jamie flirts with his receptionists and sneaks into the back medicine cabinets to steal all of the Prozac samples and throw them in the dumpster. Over the next few days, Jamie is still unable to raise his sales so he pays Dr. Knight a bribe of $1,000 to let him shadow him. The doctor accepts and Jamie spends the day babbling about how Zoloft is better than Prozac. Dr. Knight goes in to see a patient and Jamie (wearing a white lab coat) pretends to be an intern. Knight's patient is Maggie (Anne Hathaway) a 26-year-old woman diagnosed with an early onset of Parkinson's Disease. Maggie tells Jamie that someone broke into her house and stole all her medication and she gives him a long list of refills that she needs. While there, Maggie asks Dr Knight, while Jamie looks on, to look at a weird lump on her breast, which turns out to be a spider bite. Later in the parking lot, Maggie stops Jamie while he is throwing away the Prozac medication that he stole from Dr. Knight's medicine closet, and punches him in the face for pretending to be an intern and for looking at her breast. She takes his picture with an instant camera and leaves. Jamie comes home to find Josh who has split from his wife and wants to stay with him for a few weeks while he finds a place to live. Jamie calls Dr. Knight's receptionist (who he is sleeping with) and gets Maggie's address and home phone number. He calls Maggie and asks her out for coffee. At first she says 'no', but then she gives in and meets him. The date is basically him being charming and her being rude. After 10 minutes, they head back to her apartment and have very casual sex. Afterwards, she kicks him out right away and we see a montage of Jamie getting booty calls and him and Maggie having sex everywhere and whenever she calls him. Maggie even once shows up one night at Jamie's apartment, stark nude under a coat for sex, only to have Jamie's brother/roommate Josh, wakening where he was sleeping on the living room couch, see all of her. Later at work, Jamie is throwing away the Prozac pills in a parking lot dumpster when he looks up to get punched in the face by Trey (Gabriel Macht), the hot-tempered rep for Prozac. Trey is the top seller in the region and gives the doctors and staff big kickbacks (trips to Florida and Hawaii) for pushing Prozac. He says he knows what Jamie is doing and that he will take him down if he doesn't stop. Trey and Jamie fight some more and he leaves Jamie on the ground after telling him to stay way from Maggie. Jamie gets take-out food and goes to see Maggie at her downtown loft. After briefly discussing Trey (he's married but was seeing her on the side) and Maggie's Parkinson's (she's a waitress in a small coffee shop and has no health insurance) they start to have sex but Jamie is unable to get erect for the occasion. After a few kind words from Maggie, they just hang out and she teases him that he should use some new erection drug that his company has developed. The next day before Jamie leaves, Maggie begins having problems with tremors in her left hand, which she hides from him as she pushes him out the door. Jamie approaches Bruce about the new drug and Bruce says he will look into it. At work, Jamie gets the green light to sell Viagra and suddenly he is extremely popular and the doctors pursue him. Back at his apartment, Maggie and Jamie talk and he tries to convince her to have a relationship with him. She says no and leaves. The next day, Maggie is helping senior citizens onto a bus to go to Canada to get cheap prescription drugs when Jamie shows up. They argue about their relationship some more and she leaves. Jamie waits in the parking lot for her to come back and the next day when the bus does come back Maggie is touched that he waited for over 24 hours. Maggie tells him that she will have a relationship with him but that she gets to hate him and slam him to her girlfriends when he dumps her. Back at her apartment after having another round of hot and heavy sex, Maggie talks about how she use to be a painter but since her diagnosis with Parkinson's, she has switched to photography/collages. Jamie talks about how he dropped out of med school because he has ADD (Attention Deficit Disorder). One night after networking at the bar, Jamie comes home and starts to mess around with Maggie when he starts to hyper ventilate and tells her that he loves her and that she is the first person he has ever told that to. A few days later, Bruce and Jamie are talking about an upcoming conference in Chicago and Jamie says he doesn't want to leave Maggie to go because of her illness. Jamie comes home to find Maggie drunk. Earlier in the day, she realized that she ran out of meds and couldn't get to the pharmacy in time to get a refill due to the wait in the clinic. They have a fight and Jamie leaves. After he walks out, Maggie starts to cry and throws her glass of water against a wall for she cannot stop her tremors in her left hand. Jamie comes back and holds her and they make up. Jamie asks Maggie to go the conference with him. She accepts and while at the conference she gets invited by a woman, who sees her hand tremors, to a Parkinson's convention across the street. She is moved by the people (mostly elderly and middle aged) and their stories about dealing with Parkinson's. Maggie texts Jamie to come over and join her. While at the refreshment table, Jamie meets and talks with a middle-aged man whose wife is in the final stages of the disease (stage 4). Jamie asks for advice and the man tells him to make a run for it. The man tells Jamie that he should not be in a relationship with a person with an incurable disease which will lead to a major heartache for both parties as well as his financial ruin over medical expenses as Maggie (whom still is in stage 1 of Parkinsion's) will get sicker and sicker with uncontrolable body twitches which will lead to her slow death. This shakes Jamie and, after the convention, Maggie tells him how much she loves him and how happy she is that she found out about the Parkinsons conference and that he is with her now that she no longer has any fear about what her Parkinson's will do. Jamie is beside himself, barely able to hide his insecurity. In a montage, we see Jamie researching all about Parkinson's Disease on the Internet and at various medical libraries and pushing Dr. Knight for info on specialists to help her find a cure or at least slow the progress of the disease. Over the next few weeks, Jamie starts taking Maggie to specialists and seminars across the country, paying for her to have tests done and maxing out his credit cards on hotel rooms and airfares. At one doctor's office in Boston, Jamie gets angry with a receptionist because their appointment was re-scheduled and they had flown in to see the doctor for only that one day. While he is yelling at the receptionist, Maggie walks out and Jamie runs after her. They fight and Maggie says that there is no cure for her Parkinson's and that she isn't having fun anymore. They break up against Jamie's wishes. Jamie is depressed over his breakup with Maggie, but Dr. Knight talks him into going to a pajama party at another doctor's house. Jamie and Josh show up and Josh hooks up with someone right away. Jamie takes Viagra and has a three-way with two female co-workers. Jamie wakes up later in pain and sees that he is having a bad reaction to the Viagra. As his brother drives him to the ER, Josh tells him that he doesn't envy Jamie's random empty sex life and that he misses his wife and he is going back to her. The next night, Jamie goes to meet Bruce for dinner at a restaurant and runs into Maggie who is on a date with some rebound guy. After some awkward conversation, Bruce shows up and says that Jamie has been promoted to the Chicago office. Maggie congratulates him and hurries off. During dinner, Bruce tells Jamie that he didn't get promoted and that he just received a raise. Jamie goes home and starts to pack to move to Chicago when he finds a video that he and Maggie had made of their talking in bed. He realizes that he wants to be with Maggie and goes to the dinner where she works. Her boss tells him that she has left for a med run to Canada and Jamie speeds off after her. Jamie chases the bus down on the highway and gets them to pull over at a rest stop. Maggie gets off and says that Jamie has three minutes to talk. He tells Maggie about how she makes him a better person, that he loves her and needs her. She starts to cry and says that she will need him more. He says that's okay and she says she can't ask that of him. He says "you didn't" and tells her that even if in some alternate reality there was a healthy version of both of them with no worries or problems that he would still choose their reality and problems. They hug and kiss and the movie cuts to yet another montage with a voice over from Jamie. It shows Maggie and Jamie living together and Jamie studying for med school. In the final shot, there is a image of a video of Jamie talking about living everyday to the fullest and how "money isn't everything and you should follow your dreams".
tt1588334
Comedy,Drama
When Jeff (Jason Segel) leaves his mother's basement to buy wood glue at the store, he looks for signs from the universe to determine his path. However, a series of unexpected and amusing events leads him to cross paths with his family, especially his brother (Ed Helms), in the strangest of circumstances and locations. If Jeff is very lucky and universally blessed, he will find the meaning of his life... and remember to buy the wood glue as well.
tt1621045
Comedy,Romance
Four interconnected and diverse men whose love lives are shaken up after the ladies they are pursuing buy Steve Harveys book 'Think Like a Man' and start taking his advice to heart. When the band of brothers realize they have been betrayed by one of their own, they conspire using the books insider information to turn the tables and teach the women a lesson of their own.
tt0110322
Drama,Romance,War
This is a wonderful yet heartrending period piece, as told by an elderly Native American through a collection of family letters he accumulated and saved over time. The right and proper Colonel William Ludlow, (Anthony Hopkins), a veteran of the Native American wars that took place in the late 19th century, has grown tired of the carnage and futility of war. Moreover, he detests the governments and their greed that propagated the battles he has fought. In the opening sequence, the tee-pees have been struck, the fires, billowing white smoke as they symbolically die out, along with the hope and freedom of "the People." At first glance, the viewer might believe he is observing the remnants of the Colonel's last battle. Then a child is seen by his side, and the mood changes as the realization that the look in his eyes is not one of the victor, but that of sadness as he has come to know and respect the People, and forcing them from their home has brought him to his breaking point. He tosses his saber and sheath into the ground in disgust, viewing his humbled former enemy, and turns his back to the camera, and on his former life. The scene is similar to "Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee" in that the Native Americans, those who survived, are seen defeated and disheartened, abandoning what was once their home. The look on the "victorious" Colonel's face as he views his one time enemies says it all. Hopkins takes his wife, (Cristina Pickles) three sons, (Brad Pitt, Aidan Quinn and Henry Thomas), and trusted Cree guide, One Stab, (excellent performance by Gordon Tootoosis, who also narrates), and his family on a quest to "lose the madness over the mountains and begin again." Although filmed almost entirely in British Columbia, the setting for the film is the mountains near Helena, Montana. The scenery alone is reason enough to let yourself become lost in this film; temporarily lost from the madness. The story unfolds as the boys are still in their teens, and the youngest of the three, Samuel, (Thomas), is constantly watched over "like a treasure" by Alfred, (Quinn), the oldest, "even old for his years," and the Colonel's favorite, the wild and fearless Tristan (Pitt). Their mother has decided to leave the ranch, citing the winters as too cruel, as well as being afraid of the bears. "She was always a strange woman anyway," Tootoosis growls in that keenly authentic accent, then goes on to say that "Alfred writes her often, but Tristan will not speak of her." This sets the tone for how even the strongest of family ties can be as fragile as glass. The Colonel is then seen writing one of the many letters One Stab has in his possession, dated April, 1913, a year before the beginning of "the Great War," (WWI). Corresponding with her husband, Mrs. Ludlow tells the Colonel their youngest son will be returning from Harvard the following Summer, and he will be accompanied by his new fiance, the dazzling Julia Ormond as Susannah Fincannon. From the moment she and Samuel step from the train, the reaction to her beauty and grace by both the Colonel and Alfred, the viewer begins to sense discord on the horizon. Alfred is clearly taken by her, but the attention shifts quickly away to the absence of Tristan. After introductions, Samuel asks where his brother is, and Alfred scoffs "Ah, he's off somewhere, you know him." Hopkins' Colonel Ludlow chimes in with authority "Well, he'll be here tonight to welcome his brother home or I'll know the reason why." The following scenes find the brothers reacquainting themselves with one another, and, it is clear, the two older brothers are more than impressed with young Samuel's betrothed. Observing this, Hopkins, as only he can, delivers one of the few humorous lines in the film; embarrassing Alfred by catching him off-guard, standing out of sight, he admonishes him from the porch of the ranch: "Alfred! Stop mooning over Miss Fincannon and get in here." As the group seem to be settling in for what one thinks will be a love story set entirely at the ranch, shortly after a scene in which Samuel sings with a certain boyish quality, perhaps a hint of naivete lingering in his voice, news of the British troops being cut off in Belgium arrives. Samuel is quick to point out to his father that with his fluent German, he could become an officer. Samuel goes on to say that they're "out here in the middle of nowhere while all this is going on!" Hopkins' Colonel Ludlow, becoming annoyed at the topic of war being discussed under his roof, replies "And thank God for that." To prove to his father, his brothers, his soon to be bride, and perhaps more than anyone, himself, that he no longer needs protecting and is indeed a man, Samuel announces he's going to Canada to enlist. Alfred immediately proclaims he will accompany his brother. The camera briefly focuses on Pitt, and the look on his face is one of quiet resignation; his future has just changed and he's not exactly pleased. Later the same evening, Susannah is being comforted by Tristan, holding her as she cries over the prospect of her beloved Samuel unnecessarily going off to war. As Tristan is whispering in her ear that he'll protect his younger brother, Alfred happens upon the scene, and gets the impression the embrace between the two was more than just for comfort. Thus begins the tear in the bond of brotherhood once so strong nothing could come between them. What follows is at times predicable, but the rest makes up for the few parts the viewer can see coming and then some. The story is an epic tale of right and wrong, family, love, and how life can be at once beautiful and unrelentingly cruel, especially where matters of the heart are concerned.
tt0377981
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
Mrs. Montague and Mr. Capulet (Julie Walters and Richard Wilson) are two elderly neighbors who despise each other. When they leave their respective gardens, their garden gnomes and other lawn ornaments come alive. The Montague garden is filled with blue-hat gnomes led by Lady Bluebury (Maggie Smith), and the Capulet garden has red-hat gnomes led by Lord Redbrick (Michael Caine). Like their human gardeners, the gnomes also despise each other. The gnomes hold a back alley lawnmower race, with Lady Bluebury's son Gnomeo (James McAvoy) driving for the blues and Tybalt (Jason Statham) for the reds. Tybalt cheats to win the race, destroying Gnomeo's lawnmower. Gnomeo and his best friend, Benny (Matt Lucas), are disappointed to see Mrs. Montague ordering a new "Kitty Clipper" lawnmower to replace it. That night, Gnomeo and Benny infiltrate the red garden in black disguise. Benny sprays Tybalt's well and accidentally triggers a security light. During the escape Gnomeo ends up in a nearby garden where he bumps into a disguised Juliet (Emily Blunt), the daughter of Lord Redbrick. Juliet is attempting to retrieve a unique orchid, and the two romantically fight over it. They each discover the other's color before fleeing the garden. When they both go back to their own gardens, Juliet tells her frog-sprinkler friend Nanette (Ashley Jensen) about her newfound love. Nanette states that the relationship is a romantically tragic. Gnomeo and Juliet have secret meetings in the nearby garden, where they meet a pink plastic flamingo named Featherstone (Jim Cummings) who encourages their love. Lord Redbrick pairs Juliet with a Red Gnome named Paris (Stephen Merchant), but Juliet isn't interested in him and distracts him with Nanette who has feelings for him. Lady Bluebury is distraught after the reds infiltrate the garden and destroy the plant nurtured by Gnomeo's late father. The blues want Gnomeo to take revenge on the reds, and he realizes that he cannot refuse unless he tells his secret. Just as he is about to spray the prized tulips of the reds, Juliet sees him and he backs out of the attack. When he and Juliet meet up again, they argue until Featherstone stops them, telling them he lost his wife when the couple living in the house, where the garden is, broke up and never saw each other again. Benny sees them and runs into the alleyway, where Tybalt is waiting with his lawnmower, attempting to run Benny down and chops off his hat. Gnomeo intervenes, and he and Tybalt fight on the red lawnmower until the lawnmower runs into the wall. Gnomeo jumps off at the last minute, but Tybalt crashes into the wall, causing him to fracture and break himself. The reds attempt to attack Gnomeo, thinking that Tybalt died because of him, To the surprise of her clan, Juliet defends Gnomeo, saying that she loves him. Gnomeo ends up on a road, and everyone believes he was run over by a truck. Lord Redbrick has the other red gnomes glue Juliet's feet to her fountain because he does not want to lose her like he lost her mother. Gnomeo's mushroom Shroom friend finds out that Gnomeo is still alive as blue teapot fell out of the truck that 'ran him over', which all the gnomes came to believe was Gnomeo. He and Featherstone eventually reaches a park where Gnomeo climbs onto a statue of William Shakespeare (Patrick Stewart) and tells him his story. Shakespeare tells Gnomeo that his story is very similar to Romeo and Juliet and that it is likely Gnomeo's will have a sad ending as well. Benny gets onto Mrs Montague's computer and changes her lawnmower order to a powerful Terrafirminator unit, intending to get revenge on the reds. However, the Terrafirminator goes out of control, destroys most of the two gardens, and gets itself stuck while the gnomes wage a full-scale war. Gnomeo returns to Juliet with the help of Featherstone. However, when he arrives, the Terrafirminator frees itself, sending it flying. Gnomeo tries to un-glue Juliet, but is unable to. She tells him to go, but he refuses. The two share a passionate kiss just as the lawnmower crashes into the fountain, self-destructing in the process. When everyone believes that both are dead, Lord Redbrick and Lady Bluebury decide to end the feud. Miraculously, Gnomeo and Juliet emerge from the ruins and the two clans celebrate. Mr. Montague and Mr. Capulet come home to find their backyards a mess. The film ends happily with the red and blue gnomes finally coming together to celebrate their newfound peace. Tybalt is revealed to still be alive having been glued back together, Featherstone is reunited with his wife after Benny finds and orders her online, Gnomeo and Juliet are married on a purple lawnmower, which symbolizes the new union of both gnome clans.--from Wikipedia
tt0420223
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
Harold Crick (Will Farrell) is an IRS auditor who almost compulsively measures, quantifies and rationalizes his life. Suddenly, he becomes aware of a voice narrating his life, "accurately and with a better vocabulary." The voice is that of a writer we learn is struggling with writer's block (Emma Thompson), mostly about the best way to make Harold die. When Harold overhears his impending doom, he takes action, and eventually makes his way to a professor of literary theory (Dustin Hoffman), who helps him understand the implications of the narrative life he is leading. The main story line seems to be around a woman he is auditing, played by Maggie Gyllenhaal. Realizing he could die at any moment, Harold begins to break free of his limited, orderly life, and joins Gyllenhaal in a romantic relationship. He tracks down Thompson and confronts her with the truth: if she writes about his death, then he will die. But Hoffman is convinced the novel must be written as intended, and Thompson herself is ambivalent. Crick himself reads the novel and encourages her to keep the original ending, which would kill him. Eventually, Thompson writes of the fatal accident, but makes the accident only near-fatal. "If you have someone who willingly, knowingly, goes to his death, well...isn't that the kind of person you want to keep alive?" In the end, there is an ode to Harold, Maggie, Dustin, and most of all, Harold's wristwatch. ***************************************************************************************************************************************************************** Harold Crick (Will Ferrell) is an auditor for the Internal Revenue Service, living his entire life based on the timing of his wristwatch. He is given the job to audit an intentionally tax-delinquent baker, Ana Pascal (Maggie Gyllenhaal) to whom he is awkwardly attracted. On the same day, he begins hearing the voice of a woman that is omnisciently narrating the events in his life, but he is unable to communicate with the voice. On his way home, Harold's watch stops working and he resets it using the time given by a bystander; the voice narrates "little did he know that this simple, seemingly innocuous act would result in his imminent death". Worried over this prediction, Harold turns to a psychiatrist who attributes the voice to schizophrenia. Harold listens to her conclusion without giving importance to it. When he asks what she would advise if it were not schizophrenia, the psychiatrist suggests Harold turn to a literary expert. Harold visits Jules Hilbert (Dustin Hoffman), a university professor, and relates his story. Jules first comes to the same conclusion as the psychiatrist, as Harold's dull life is not something commonly seen in novels. However, Jules then recognizes aspects of a literary work in Harold's story ("little did he know"), and encourages him to help identify the author, first by determining if the work is a comedy or a tragedy. As Harold proceeds to audit Ana, the two begin to fall for each other, but when Harold refuses to accept cookies that Ana made for him on the grounds that they could be viewed as a bribe, Ana angrily tells him to leave, making Harold believe the story is a tragedy. Harold spends the next day at home to try to control his own destiny, but his apartment is partially demolished by a wrecking crew mistaking the building for an abandoned one. Harold reveals these facts to Jules, who believes that Harold cannot control the plot that has been set for him and should accept that he will die, telling Harold to enjoy whatever time he has left to the fullest. Harold takes this to heart; he takes an extended vacation from work, develops his friendship with his co-worker Dave (Tony Hale), fulfills his life dream of learning to play the guitar, and starts to see Ana on a regular basis, helping her to avoid tax issues by claiming charitable offerings. Harold believes he may have mistaken his story and now reassesses it as a comedy. When he returns to Jules with this revelation, Harold inadvertently identifies the voice in his head from a television interview as noted author Karen Eiffel (Emma Thompson). Jules, a long-time fan of Karen's works, reveals that in every book she has written the main character has died. Harold is able to find Karen through tax records, and learns that she is presently struggling from writer's block in how to kill off the character of Harold Crick in her latest book, Death and Taxes, envisioning numerous ways to have Harold die, while her publisher has sent an assistant, Penny (Queen Latifah), to make sure the book gets completed. When Karen learns that Harold is a real person and has experienced everything she's written, she becomes horrified to consider that all of her previous books may have also resulted in the deaths of real people. She tells Harold she has finally written a draft of the ending and his death, but hasn't typed it up yet. Penny suggests Harold read the book and the drafted ending to get his opinion. Harold is unable to bring himself to read it and gives the manuscript to Jules to review. Jules reads it and tells Harold that the manuscript is a masterpiece, his written death integral to its genius. Though Harold is deeply distressed over his fate, Jules comforts him by stating the inevitability of death - this death at least, will hold a deeper meaning by completing the book. Harold reads the manuscript himself, and comes to the same conclusion and returns the manuscript to Karen, accepting his death. He spends one last night with Ana. The next day, Harold prepares to return to work after his vacation despite Karen's voice narrating the fateful day as she types up her planned ending. Due to getting the time from the stranger earlier, Harold's watch is three minutes ahead, and he arrives at the bus stop early enough to save a child on a bicycle from being run over by a bus, though he himself is hit by the bus. Karen attempts to write Harold's death, but is unable to do so, and instead claims the watch was the character that died, and that fragments of the watch helped to block the right ulnar artery in Harold's body after the collision, preventing him from bleeding to death. Harold wakes up to find himself in a hospital, alive though in traction and with several broken bones, with Ana by his side to help him recover. When Jules reads Karen's final manuscript, he notes that the story is weaker without Harold's death. Karen admits the flaw, although she points out that the story was meant to be about a man that unknowingly dies, and this was not the case. Therefore, she states that she would rather have the story end with Harold alive, changing the dead character to that of the watch which had earlier been personified throughout the film.
tt1683526
Drama
Detachment is a chronicle of three weeks in the lives of several high school teachers, administrators and students through the eyes of a substitute teacher named Henry Barthes. Henry roams from school to school, imparting modes of knowledge, but never staying long enough to form any semblance of sentient attachment. A perfect profession for one seeking to hide out in the open. One day Henry arrives at his next assignment. Upon his entry into this particular school, a secret world of emotion is awakened within him by three women. A girl named Meredith in his first period, a fellow teacher, Ms. Madison, and a street hooker named Erica, to whom Henry has personally granted brief shelter from the streets. Each one of these women, like Henry, are in a life and death struggle to find beauty in a seemingly vicious and loveless world.
tt0086960
Action,Comedy,Crime
Reckless but talented Detroit policeman Axel Foley (Eddie Murphy) conducts an unauthorized sting operation, using a truck full of cigarettes (seized by the police as evidence in another case) to attempt to bust two hustlers (Frank Pesce and Gene Borkan). The 'deal' is interrupted by two patrolmen, resulting in one criminal fleeing on foot and the other escaping in the truck, with Axel trapped in the back. After an extensive chase, causing widespread damage, the truck crashes and the other man runs off, leaving Axel empty-handed. At the police station, he is severely reprimanded by his ill-tempered boss, Inspector Todd (Gilbert R. Hill), who informs Axel that if he conducts any further unapproved operations, he will be fired and brought up on charges. Axel goes home to find his ex-con best friend Mikey Tandino (James Russo) in his apartment, fresh from a job he got in Beverly Hills working for their mutual childhood friend, Jenny Summers. Mikey shows off some German bearer bonds he "borrowed" from his employers, which momentarily concerns Axel, but he is more interested in catching up with his old friend. After a night of drinking, Axel and Mikey return home and are accosted outside Axel's apartment by a burly man Mikey recognizes as Zack (Jonathan Banks). Zack knocks Axel unconscious before he sees anything. He then confronts Mikey about the bearer bonds, then shoots him twice in the head. After the police respond, Axel asks Inspector Todd to be let in on the case, but Todd flatly refuses. Deciding to secretly root around from a different angle, Axel asks for and is granted two weeks' vacation time. Axel then drives his "crappy blue Chevy Nova" all the way to Beverly Hills, California and, masquerading as a reporter for magazine, manages to check into a suite at the high-end Beverly Palm Hotel. He then meets up with his old friend Jenny (Lisa Eilbacher), who tells Axel that she (and Mikey) work for international-British-born art dealer Victor Maitland (Steven Berkoff). Axel finagles his way into Maitland's office, where Zack is revealed (to the viewers) to be the art dealer's right-hand man. Axel presses Maitland for answers about Mikey, but Maitland has his bodyguards throw Axel out - literally through a glass window on the main floor. Outside, Axel is confronted by the Beverly Hills police over a report of disturbing the peace. Finding his gun, they arrest him for possessing a concealed weapon, as he cannot afford to identify himself as a police officer. At the police station, he is questioned by Sergeant John Taggart (John Ashton) and Detective Billy Rosewood (Judge Reinhold). Taggart takes issue with Axel's irreverence and punches him in the stomach. Lieutenant Andrew Bogomil (Ronny Cox) steps in to reprimand Taggart and presses Axel further, adding that he has spoken to Inspector Todd back in Detroit, who hints that Axel will be fired if he finds out that Axel is investigating Mikey's death. Jenny bails Axel out, and takes him back to the hotel, tailed all the while by Taggart and Rosewood, who have been assigned to watch him. As the detectives watch and wait across the street from the hotel in an unmarked car, Axel places a late supper order with room service to be delivered to them. He then coaxes a waiter to give him some bananas from a party tray, which he stuffs into the unmarked car's tailpipe while Rosewood and Taggart are distracted by the room service waiter. When Jenny and Axel leave the hotel, Taggart and Rosewood try to pursue, but their vehicle stalls, thanks to the bananas in the tailpipe. Axel and Jenny sneak into one of Maitland's warehouses, where they observe two of his men removing bearer bonds from a crate. Axel also discovers some coffee grounds around some of the crates. Axel then has Jenny follow the two men to a loading dock, where he sneaks in alone, noticing that the crate that formerly contained bearer bonds is placed among other crates waiting to be processed. When he crosses paths with a security guard, Axel passes himself off as a Customs inspector, demanding to see the records for all the crates in the warehouse. When Axel returns to the hotel, he spots Taggart and Rosewood still sitting in the unmarked car, waiting for him. Axel sneaks into the car, startling both men, who are irritable because they lost two days pay over his antics. Axel offers a truce of sorts, by letting them escort him to "someplace classy." "Someplace classy" turns out to be a stripper bar. While there, Axel notices two men entering the club wearing trench coats. Immediately suspicious because it is June (too hot for coats) he deduces that the men intend to rob the place. Axel's suspicions prove true, and the men produce shotguns from under their coats. Axel and Taggart successfully disarm the would-be robbers, leading to a new sense of respect between them. Later, Axel lies to Bogomil that Taggart and Rosewood had tailed him to the strip club and that they deserve all the credit for the collar, but Taggart and Rosewood admit to Bogomil that they had accepted Axel's invitation to the establishment and that Axel had initiated the take-down. Though thankful that Axel had prevented the robbery, Bogomil is fed up with Rosewood and Taggart's seeming incompetence and assigns two other detectives, Foster (Art Kimbro) and McCabe (Joel Bailey) to tail Axel. Axel gently reprimands Taggart and Rosewood before he leaves, pointing out the lie he told about their actions was working. The next day, Foster and McCabe catch up to Axel, who is loitering outside Maitland's gated mansion. When Maitland's car emerges from the compound, Axel jumps into his Nova and follows, with the detectives on his tail. Axel artfully loses Foster and McCabe and follows Maitland to a high class country club. He cons the maitre d' into letting him into the banquet hall, where he directly accuses Maitland of killing Mikey. Zack grabs Axel, who counter-throws him into the buffet, which brings the police to the venue. Axel is arrested again. At the police station, Bogomil demands answers, which Axel finally gives at what he knows; Maitland is smuggling bearer bonds into the country and he had Mikey killed because he stole some of the bonds. Axel also accuses Maitland of trafficking drugs, thanks to the coffee grounds that Axel found in the warehouse; Bogomil acknowledges that drug traffickers sometimes pack cocaine in piles of coffee grounds to throw off drug-sniffing dogs. Bogomil finally sympathizes with Axel, and is intrigued by the theories he presents, but admits that he cannot arrest Maitland on pure speculation. To make matters worse, the no-nonsense Police Chief Hubbard (Stephen Elliott) has ordered Axel to leave Beverly Hills, having heard of his numerous indiscretions throughout the city. Bogomil, under orders from Hubbard, tells Rosewood to escort Axel to the city limits. Axel mentions to Rosewood that Maitland has another shipment due, which he decided not to tell Bogomil once he realized Bogomil couldn't or wouldn't help. Rosewood takes him to see Jenny at the art gallery, where Axel asks for her warehouse key, but she insists on coming along. Rosewood waits in the unmarked car, not being able to go in until Axel and Jenny establish the presence of evidence, otherwise it would be an illegal search. Sneaking into the warehouse, Axel opens a crate that turns out to contain large bags of cocaine hidden inside coffee grounds. Suddenly, Zack and his men appear and take Axel and Jenny at gunpoint. Outside, Rosewood watches helplessly as Maitland and more of his men enter the warehouse. Axel and Maitland exchange words, and Zack admits to Axel that he killed Mikey. Maitland and Zack then leave with Jenny as their hostage, leaving Axel to the mercy of their men. Rosewood finally decides to enter the warehouse and helps Axel to escape. On their way to Maitland's mansion, Rosewood contacts Taggart, telling him about the drugs in the warehouse and to not tell Bogomil about anything. Taggart tells Foster and McCabe to check out the warehouse, then rushes to meet up with Axel and Rosewood. Axel, Rosewood and a reluctant Taggart sneak in to the mansion's grounds, but are soon pinned down by gunfire from Maitland's men. Back at the station, Bogomil is puzzled by the absence of the four detectives, then hears about a call of shots fired. When he discovers that the address is Maitland's, Bogomil calls for all cars to descend on the mansion. At the mansion, the police temporarily gain the upper hand, shooting down several gunmen. Axel tells Rosewood and Taggart to cover him as he enters the mansion. Inside, Zack has his weapon drawn and is hunting Axel. The cat-and-mouse game ends with Axel shooting Zack dead. Savoring his victory for a moment, Axel takes a large caliber bullet in his arm, courtesy of Maitland. Bogomil and a fleet of police officers arrive at the compound and arrest Maitland's surveillance and security teams. Inside the mansion, Axel confronts Maitland, who is holding his gun to Jenny's head. Neither man moves, until Bogomil appears behind Axel with his gun pointed at Maitland. Jenny takes advantage of this distraction to escape from Maitland, and Axel and Bogomil empty their guns into Maitland, killing him. When the smoke clears, Hubbard shows up, demanding answers. Bogomil makes up a story, insisting that he himself had led the investigation into Maitland's activities, thanks to Jenny and Axel's tips, and that Axel was merely an observer at the scene. Skeptical, Hubbard asks Taggart to confirm the story, which he does, having learned his lesson from the strip club incident. Finally, Hubbard decides to accept Bogomil's version of the events. Axel begs Bogomil to talk to Todd in Detroit, saying that if he lost his job in Detroit, he would move to Beverly Hills permanently and work as a private detective. Bogomil promises to clear everything up. That evening, Axel prepares to check out of the Beverly Palm when Rosewood and Taggart arrive. They tell him that Bogomil insisted that they personally escort him to the city limits. When Axel's tab is produced, Taggart informs the desk clerk that the Beverly Hills Police Department will pick it up. Axel is moved by the gesture and "gives" each detective a hotel bathrobe (also paid for by the police department). Once outside, Axel offers to share a drink with his new friends; Taggart, who originally touted doing things "by the book," decides that one drink "won't kill us" and he and Rosewood follow Axel, who says that they will be going to "the perfect place; you guys'll love it. Trust me."
tt1007028
Comedy,Romance
The movie starts with a shot of the street covered in snow and ice with a boy on a bike doing the paper route. He's throwing newspapers when a car almost hits him and swerves the other way hitting the fence. The driver gets out and spews a bunch of cuss words as the paperboy keeps delivering and ignores the man. Inside an apartment, Miri (Elizabeth Banks) gets up to her alarm and knocks on the door telling her roommate Zack (Seth Rogen) to get up or she'll be late for work. Zack sits up but lies back down. Miri puts on a pot of coffee and above it are a ton of bills owed but none have gone in the paid slot. She knocks on the door again to get him up and goes into the bathroom. Zack gets up and just before he goes into the bathroom she yells that she's using it and he freaks saying he didn't know she was taking a shit. She yells at him that the door was closed but he argues it wasn't all the way closed. They argue some more and then he leaves. Miri is soon in the car waiting for Zack using a hand warmer. Zack gets in the car and asks her what it is and she tells him. He gets an idea and snatches the hand warmer out of her hands and puts it in his pants. Miri freaks out but drives off in their hoopty (cheap, beat up car). As they're driving Miri smells something and thinks it's the car. Soon Zack is freaking out that the hand warmer is stuck under his balls and yells for her to pull over. She pulls over and he gets out taking off his pants to get it out. He gets back in the car and he tells Miri he thinks he burned some of his ball hair off. She laughs and drives off. She pulls up to the mall where she works and as she gets out asking Zack why he won't help her pick out an outfit for later that night. He said she needs a friend and she says he is her friend but he says he meant a girlfriend. They say goodbye and he drives the car to work. At the Bean and Gone coffee shop, the manager is telling Delaney (Craig Robinson) he needs him to work black Friday. Delaney tells him how dare he do that and starts running off a list of racist names with days such as nigga Tuesday, or monkey Sunday because he's black. The manager says he didn't mean it like that and Delaney tells him he doesn't care because when he gets his settlement from the post office he won't have to work anymore. At that time Zack walks in as Delaney asks him if it's racist that the manager asked him to work black Friday. Zack says yes and the manager starts yelling at him saying he'll soon install a camera to see everything they're doing saying he hates their ebony and ivory team and fuck them both. Delaney explains that he can't work black Friday because he has to buy the flat screen his wife has been bugging him about forever. Zack says he can blame it on him because he took the day off because he'll be really drunk on the day. Delaney asks why and Zack tells him Miri really wants them to go to their high school reunion together and Delaney teases him that they should've hooked up a long time ago. Zack tells him that they have a good thing going because she pays half the rent, does dishes, and they've known each other since first grade so it would be creepy. Delaney tells Zack that he's known his wife since kindergarten and that they have a beautiful thing. Zack asks if he's telling the truth and Delaney says no he hates her and they can't stand each other. That night at Bean and Gone, Miri's changing her clothes at the coffee shop getting ready for their high school reunion. She changes into an all yellow outfit and asks how she looks. Zack tells her she looks like Ronald McDonald and she gets mad going back into the back stock room. He asks to use her computer and she says yes but he has to hit it before turning it on or the screen won't work. He hits it and asks her why she won't buy a new one. She says she can't afford it and as he looks on her screen he sees she ordered a vibrator on amazon.com asking her why she's getting one. She tells him she can't have orgasms with any of the guys she's been with. As she's changing, two young perverts see her underwear and laugh because she's wearing a huge pair of granny panties. One of them takes his phone out and starts recording it. She soon changes into another outfit with hearts all over the sweater. She asks how it looks and Zack still doesn't approve and she goes back to change again while the two perverts are still recording her. Zack asks her how can she afford the clothes if she can't pay bills or get a new laptop and she tells him she borrowed the clothes from a friend who works at another store in the mall. He then says he'll order a pocket vibrating vagina for himself and she says he should put his extra money toward the rent or some bills. She doesn't think it would be smart if he bought one and he argues that he's sick of using Jergen's to masturbate. While still recording Miri, the phone is suddenly recording Zack's butt because he caught them and places him in front of the camera. They immediately cut it off and Zack kicks them out. Miri changes into a dress and he tells her it looks ok. They go back home to get ready while Miri is in the shower and the water shuts off. She yells for Zack and he goes in the bathroom trying to turn on the faucet. It goes off and he tells her they shut the water off. Miri then asks him to use water from the toilet. He lifts the seat and says there's poop in there and she says no from the back of the seat. He gets it out and starts pouring it into her hair trying not to look as she hangs on to the shower curtain. It's going fine until she falls on the floor trying not to let Zack see her. They soon get into the car and Zack tries to convince Miri that they shouldn't be going since they haven't done so well 10 years later. She tells him nobody is better than them but he cuts her down by saying yes they are. They then check with each other if they look any better than they did 10 years ago and they both give negative answers so then they drive off. They arrive at the high school and go to check in. At the front desk the girl checking in the guests doesn't remember either Zack or Miri and they tell her their names. Miri says her name is Miriam Linkey and the girl says she remembers stinky Linkey. She says to her no, that's not true but they give her a nametag with her name and nickname on it saying stinky Linkey. Zack gets his but has no nickname on his and asks if he can have sex with the girl after the reunion telling her he eats pussy. She says no while handing them the sign in sheet saying she's married with kids and Miri says that's beautiful. Zack tries to convince her again but she refuses. He hands her the sheet back and they walk to the gym. The girl looks down and sees he wrote I love your pussy and freaks out. To make matters worse she turns around mad and Zack is emulating eating her out. They both get to the gym and start talking and socializing when a guy who goes by the other Zack and keeps giving Zack hell about it because they have the same name. Zack and Miri then go get drinks at the bar when Miri sees the high school quarterback that she had a crush on, Bobby Long (Brandon Routh) and goes to hit on him. Zack laughs at her for trying something pointless but she goes for it anyway. She sees him and starts talking to him and asks if he remembers her. Since they earlier took off their nametags he doesn't know until she says she's stinky Linkey. Bobby then remembers and tells Miri she looks good. She says thank you and starts hitting on him noticing that he's not married and tells him neither is she. She asks about him and he tells her he has to go back to L.A. tomorrow and she says he's gotten all big-time. Later by the punch bowl Zack sees a guy standing there named Brandon (Justin Long) and starts talking to him. He asks Brandon if he knows him and he tells Zack that he didn't go to high school with them he just came with somebody else and says he came with Bobby Long. He tells him he wasn't prepared to come to Monroeville (Pennsylvania). He asks Brandon what he does and he tells him he's an actor. Zack asks what movies Brandon's been in and he tells him he's been in mostly spoofs that involve mostly men, actually only men. Zack then realizes that Brandon's a gay porn star and looks a bit shocked. Zack apologizes but Brandon says its ok because he knows Zack isn't a part of his fan base. Zack asks how he knows so and Brandon asks him if he likes pussy and immediately Zack says yes. Brandon then tells Zack that that lets him know he's not apart of his fan base. Zack then looks at Miri telling Brandon that Miri really wants to get with Bobby realizing that she doesn't know Bobby's gay. Soon Miri's asking Bobby back to her place after having a few too many drinks and he tries nicely to let her down. Zack and Brandon approach them while Zack tries to stop Miri from making a fool of herself. She still keeps propositioning him when Zack tells her what Brandon does and that Bobby brought him. Brandon sees Miri and then calls her granny panties because he saw the footage an hour ago that the two perverts recorded on their camera phone saying they got over two million hits in three hours. He then asks Bobby to take a picture of the three of them because he realizes that Zack's ass was in the footage as well. Humiliated, Miri then realizes that Bobby's gay and she leaves saying she's going to drink until she falls over. For some odd reason Zack stays to ask about Brandon doing gay porn somewhat curious about his profession. But soon Bobby and Brandon get into a fight about Bobby being so secretive about their relationship while Zack stands in awe watching them argue. Brandon says he's been putting up with Bobby being in the closet when they visit his mom and starts making a scene in front of everyone while people start looking as he yells that they're gay. He keeps talking about how much he loves sucking Bobby's dick and how much Bobby loves eating Brandon's ass out and wants to know why he doesn't want anyone else to know what they do in bed. Zack still stands in amazement that they fight like straight couples do. Somehow Bobby calms Brandon down and they kiss and make up when Zack leaves. Zack then goes to the table and sees another high school classmate he remembered while she looks pissed off seeing her husband flirting with a former cheerleader. Zack looks shocked that they got married and offers she can give him a handjob if she wants to get back at him. She first says she doesn't want revenge but Zack says they can go in the girls locker room and she says she'll do it in 10 minutes. They soon walk out as he zips up his pants showing that she did the deed. That night Miri and Zack get home looking depressed about to drink beers and Zack tries to see the two in the granny panties site when their power goes out. Soon they go to a bar and start talking about how bad things are financially and how low they are on options. She then tells Zack that soon when they get home the heat will be cut off too since all the power went out and soon they won't have a roof over their head. Miri asks Zack to extend his credit line again but he says he already did and he's maxed out. He then says she could start by doing what they always said and be a hooker. She says she never thought things would get so bad that they would have to start having sex for money. He tells her that Brandon makes a lot of money for sex. Then the idea pops into his head and she gets excited. He tells her they could make a porno. Miri says that wasn't the idea she had in mind but Zack keeps going on about how Brandon gets paid $1,000 each time he gets banged or gives a blow job. Miri still isn't sure about it since it would be weird between the two of them. Zack mentions that the only people who do it are those with no dignity and no families. He says they both have no dignity and Miri's parents are dead and Zack's grandparents are dead nobody would care if they did porn. He also mentions they've known each other for a long time and would finally know what it's like to have sex with each other. Miri accuses Zack of wanting to do a porno only to have an excuse to have sex with her. He says that's not true, as the film would be profitable since the porn industry does make a lot of money. They soon get home and keep talking about doing a porno while burning all their bills in the fire of their trashcan for heat because the heat was eventually cut off. They discuss how strange it would be having sex because they've known each other for so long and Miri says it'd be like having sex with her brother. After much convincing, Zack finally gets Miri to agree to it. On black Friday, Zack and Delaney are at the mall shopping when Zack runs the idea by Delaney saying if he takes the money for his flat screen to pay for their porn he can be the producer. Delaney seems hesitant because of his wife but Zack tells him he'll get to see free tits and he won't have to have sex. He says he'll let him do the auditions and check out all the women willing to be in the movie. Delaney lights up to the idea and gives him his flat screen money agreeing to be the producer. Soon they're all posting signs for auditions and looking for a studio. Delaney has a line of women waiting to show him their talents hesitant to see them because he's married. He keeps trying to talk himself out of it while looking at different women. At the same time Zack and Miri are trying to come up with names of their porn such as spoof names from sci-fi flicks. They're also using the water at Bean and Gone. Zack and Miri also find a place to shoot the film that used to be an old homeless shelter where the homeless used to go to the bathroom on the floor. The landlord tells them as long as they can clean it up they'll be ok. They pay to rent it out and begin to set it up like a studio. Back at the audition, Delaney tries to respect the woman in the room and she strips her clothes off and he stares practically drooling. They also go to strip clubs looking for women and ask if any of them do anal sex and they find one, Stacey (Katie Morgan), who says she loves oral too. They decide to bring her on as part of the cast. They also interview different men who would like to star in their porn and find one guy, Lester (Jason Mewes), who says he has a special talent and tells Zack and Miri that he can make his dick stand straight up and not just out. He stands up and shows them and amazed they cast him. With the men they also pick up Barry (Ricky Mabe) as part of the cast. Zack, Miri, and Delaney also meet another girl auditioning who tells them she learned a trick at a bachelor party. She stands up and pulls her underwear down and shakes a bottle of bubbles and puts the blowing stick by her vagina and queefs to make it blow up. It works and she pops it. At a loss for words, Delaney starts calling her Bubbles (Traci Lords). While playing recreational hockey (think intramurals), Zack is skating across the ice and the goalie gets mad because he doesn't want to get hit. He gets fed up when he almost gets hit and throws down his hockey stick knocking out the guy trying to make a goal. He's then told to sit out and sits next to Zack talking to him and Zack asks him if he used to videotape games in high school. His teammate, Deacon (Jeff Anderson) says he did only to sleep with cheerleaders. Soon Zack has a cameraman. After getting a full cast and crew they come up with the idea to call the movie Star Whores and get started. Back at Zack and Miris apartment, the cast is there discussing who will have sex with who. They decide everybody will sleep with one another except when Zack says he'll sleep with Stacey and Miri starts to look a little jealous. In order to deny her feelings she says she'll sleep with Lester. Zack then starts to get jealous and says she shouldn't do it or she'll be uncomfortable but Miri says she's slept with uglier guys than Lester and she's ok with it. They then let it go and agree that everyone will have sex with everyone minus Delaney and Deacon (so he can shoot it). They then go to the renovated studio and begin doing shots of them with dildos as guns dressed as the Star Wars characters. They even show a pair of balls hanging where R2-D2's opening is. They soon wrap it up and congratulate each other saying they're looking forward to tomorrow when the actual sex begins. After they wrap it up Zack and Miri are the only ones left and begin talking about their sex scene. Miri makes Zack promise that things won't get weird and he says they won't. They then leave and Miri says she hopes things don't go wrong and Zack asks what could go wrong with their porno. The next day the building's being demolished by construction workers just as the cast pulls up to see all their equipment and studio getting crushed. Zack and Miri yell to the head construction worker they already paid the man the full rent and then Zack says he'll crush him. The construction worker tells him good luck because he ran off to Florida. Frustrated, they all go to Bean and Gone and are defeated they were tricked. Zack walks around pissed saying he knew he was a loser and gives up on it all while a patron walks in for a cup of coffee. Zack asks him what he wants and when the man tries to say something Zack interrupts saying it's too late so he gets a latte. Then as Zack looks out at the coffee shop he gets a vision and starts running around excited about his idea. He then runs to the back stockroom and sees the camcorder the manager set up in the back and gets the idea to use it to make a porno in the coffee shop since all of their equipment was demolished. They then decide to shut down the shop after hours and cover it with curtains. That night they shut it down and soon begin to shoot their first sex scene with Stacey and Lester. Barry acts as the sound crew and uses a hockey stick with a microphone on it. Lester begins the act by walking up to buy a cup of coffee while Stacey acts as the barista and offers him herself since she's already topless. They then start to have sex while Barry pours coffee beans on them for effect. It seems to be going well until a drifter shows up drunk asking what time the place closes. Obviously he was still in the bathroom when Zack tells him they closed a while ago. He tells them he needs a coffee to drive home and Zack makes it on the house. While Lester and Stacey still have sex, Zack makes the coffee like it's nothing out of the ordinary. He then gets the drifter out and the cast and crew finish the scene. It goes well and they go to the next scene of Bubbles fucking Barry with a dildo while he seems to be enjoying it as much as she is. Delaney then says he's disturbed at how much it's turning him on. The next night Zack closes the coffee shop shoving patrons out and gets the cast and crew to run in. This happens to be the night of Zack and Miri's scene and it's obvious that Miri's nervous while Bubbles does her makeup. She keeps telling Bubbles that Zack and her are just friends and always have been while Bubbles doesn't seem to be buying it. Then Zack walks in and Miri comments on how he shaved and he said he did it so he wouldn't give her razor burn when he went down on her. She laughs saying she likes it and Bubbles leaves them alone. Miri tells Zack how proud she's of him and likes the ambitious look on him. They have a moment and then go to shoot the scene. The crew turns on the music and starts filming when Miri acts as an employee in a really short skirt, her bra out, and really high heels. Zack comes in with a delivery in cut off UPS shorts with a crate full of crme. They look uncomfortable the whole time and keep dancing around to the music while making sexual references about the crme and his going on Miri's face. They keep moving to the other side of the room while the crew keeps pushing them along to have sex. Zack even tells Miri not to take her top off and almost none of their clothes come off. Delaney calls it the worst porno he's ever seen while they all look waiting for some action. While walking, Miri reaches under her skirt and pulls her granny panties off throwing them on Zack trying to be sexy when it clearly isn't working. Zack and Miri finally get on the coffee bean bag about to do it still hesitant. He asks her if she's ready and she says yes. They kiss and Zack finally gets inside her and they begin having sex. But they aren't doing it porn star style they seem into it like they're making love. The crew looks at them because they're so surprisingly gentle with each other and Deacon says they're in a different world. Back to the duo they're still having sex and enjoying it when Miri is about to climax Zack joins her and cum together. They lay in complete bliss while the crew cheers them on how great the scene went. They congratulate Zack and Miri on how well they did and leave to go out front. Zack asks Miri if she's coming and she says she needs to take a break and he leaves. Miri lays on the bag of beans happy that she finally had an orgasm while Zack walks out the door and stands still thinking about what happened and seems relieved. Back at their place, Zack and Miri talk about how well the scene went when Miri brings up that she felt weird while recording the scene and that she is still feeling that way. Zack asks if she meant weird in a bad way and she tells him no, she just didn't expect him to do all he did sexually. Trying to dance around the issue, Zack tells her he did do a lot by acting, writing the script, and directing. Miri tells him she wasn't talking about those things and he admits he knew. Just when they approach the subject of their romantic tryst, the power comes back on even though they haven't paid one bill. Then they check the water and it comes back on. They jump in excitement and get a knock on the door. Miri answers with the whole cast and crew standing there. Zack asks if they talked to the landlord but find out they decided to pay their bills for the month because they were tired of Zack and Miri using their showers. They also appreciate the two for giving them a chance to do a porno and how they feel connected as a family. Delaney tells them they're having a wrap party even though the movie isn't done. He says they need a break and they begin dancing, drinking, throwing things off the back porch, and playing drinking games. Sitting on the couch, Miri looks at Zack and he smiles at her when Stacey suddenly sits next to her asking about the connection between her and Zack since Stacey has a sex scene with him tomorrow. Miri says it was good and Stacey interrupts saying she wanted to hook up with him that night. She asks Miri if its ok and Miri approves even though she doesn't seem to be happy about it. Stacey jumps on Zack whispering she wants to sleep with him. He looks uncomfortable and whispers looking at Miri thinking about her. Stacey whispers she said it was ok and Zack looks shocked. He then stares at Miri as Stacey leads him to his bedroom looking upset that Miri approved. Miri also stares at Zack disappointed that he's going to sleep with Stacey. They both close his bedroom door and Miri looks depressed on the couch. The next day, Zack is directing the final scene for Stacey and Lester to have sex asking if she's ok with it. She tells him she is because she's constipated and normally anal sex loosens her up making her regular again. Zack says he takes an Ex-lax looking disgusted saying he's never had that conversation before and goes to the back right when Miri walks in. Zack asks her why she's there and she tells him she came to do the final scene with Lester and Zack gets upset asking her to come back so they can talk in private. He asks her what she's doing and Miri says ever since they started the porn Zack has only wanted her to have sex with him while he does everybody else. He says that's not true and brings up the other night when he knew they had something. Miri says it was just fucking and he angrily says they weren't fucking because they felt something. Zack tells her they didn't fuck they made love that night. Miri then asks if he was thinking of that when he fucked Stacey last night and he argues she did it to test him. Miri tells him she just let Stacey ask him he had the choice. Zack then calls her a jealous girlfriend and Miri yells she isn't his girlfriend she's just his friend. After hearing that Zack finally confesses that he loves Miri after all the years they've spent together. Defiant, Miri says they didn't make love that night they just fucked and she's doing the final scene with Lester. Zack gets so upset he leaves challenging her asking what if he didn't fuck Stacey. Miri tells him but he did and without trying to explain Zack leaves. Miri almost cries and comes to do the scene when everyone looks at her because Zack drove off without doing the last scene. At the same time, Deacon is filming Stacey and Lester having anal sex underneath them when shit suddenly spills out all over Deacon's face and camera. Deacon freaks out and runs outside with Delaney watching Zack drive off. Feeling guilty, later that night, Miri goes home to find Zack but sees his room is empty and that he's moved out. Three months later, it's still cold in Pittsburgh when a guy in a mask and hockey uniform is getting shot with two paintball guns as if it were a game. The two of them finish up and they're the same two perverts that posted Zack and Miri on the Internet. The guy takes his mask off and it turns out to be Zack covered in paint. Delaney walks up asking him if he used to work at the Bean and Gone and Zack looks excited to see him. During Zack's break, he and Delaney talk about how things are and Delaney tells him he finally got his settlement from the post office. Zack congratulates him because he thought it was a joke. Delaney mentions that Zack still owes him money and asks Zack about the porno they made, telling him it's not finished. Still mending a broken heart, Zack tells Delaney he won't finish it. Delaney says if he finishes it he won't owe him anything and Zack agrees to clear his debt. At Delaney's house, his wife (Tisha Campbell-Martin) starts yelling at him that he has another white boy in the basement, so why did he bring another one? He introduces Zack and she asks Zack if he thinks she's attractive. Delaney tells him to just say yes and Zack does. She offers to have sex with him until Delaney makes him go into the basement while the couple argues about her boobs sagging and Delaney's balls sagging. Zack sees Deacon in the basement editing their porno while Delaney joins them. The last scene is with Zack and Miri together and it kills Zack to watch it. He looks at the rushes, but does not find it. He asks where the last scene is and they tell him Miri never did it. He feels terrible when Delaney explains how much the both of them did for the cast and crew they had and how they should've seen what was right in front of them. Zack runs back to their old place and comes inside opening the bathroom door knowing Miri's in there. She yells to close the door and he freaks out, saying he didn't know she was taking a shit. He closes the door and tells her he loves her and that he never slept with Stacey. Suddenly Lester walks out naked. Zack then says it's ok if she's sleeping with Lester because he loves her and would rather die than be without her and will wait a lifetime to be with Miri. Lester says they aren't having sex: he just moved in because Miri couldn't afford the rent without Zack, and she moved into Zack's old bedroom because she missed the way he smelled. He says he just likes walking around naked. He then tries to get Zack to help jack him off but Zack declines and Lester goes back to bed. Crying, Miri opens the bathroom door and tells Zack she heard everything. He asks her why she's crying and she tells him because she missed him so much. He picks her up and carries her to his old bedroom, saying their porno film signature line, "Let us f***!" Do watch through the end credits to view a final scene, a what-are-they-doing-now thing.
tt0094898
Comedy,Romance
Akeem Joffer (Eddie Murphy), the prince and heir to the throne of the fictitious African country Zamunda, is discontented with being pampered all his life. The final straw comes when his parents, the stuffy King Jaffe (James Earl Jones) and Queen Aeoleon (Madge Sinclair), present him with a bride-to-be (Vanessa Bell) he has never met before, trained to mindlessly obey his every command. Akeem concocts a plan to travel to America to find a wife he can both love and respect and who accepts him for his personality, not his status, and who can be a free thinker. He and his loyal servant, Semmi (Arsenio Hall) arrive in Queens, New York City, because according to Akeem "What better place to find a queen than the city of Queens?" They rent an apartment in the slum neighborhood of Jamaica. During their quest at crusing nightclubs and places, Akeem meets and falls in love with Lisa (Shari Headley), the daughter of a local fast food restaurateur Cleo McDowell. In wanting to woo, Lisa, both Akeem and Semmi take jobs at McDowell's, passing themselves off as exchange college students. Lisa possesses the qualities the prince is looking for. The rest of the film centers on Akeem's attempts to win Lisa's hand in marriage, while adjusting to life in America and dodging his royal duties and prerogatives. Unfortunately, Semmi is not comfortable with the life of a poor man and thus unintentionally causes a near-disaster when, alerted by a plea for more financial help, the Zamundian royal couple travels to the United States and reveal themselves to the McDowells. Although her father is ecstatic that his daughter has attracted the interest of a prince, Lisa, who has fallen for Akeem, becomes angry and confused as to why he lied to her about his identity. She refuses to marry Akeem and he returns to Zamunda with a broken heart, resigned to marry the woman chosen for him by his parents. At the final scene's wedding procession, Akeem waits dejectedly at the altar as his bride-to-be makes her way down the aisle. But when he lifts the veil to kiss her, he finds Lisa instead of his arranged partner. They ride off happily in a carriage after the ceremony.
tt0118884
Drama,Mystery,Sci-Fi
The film opens with a shot of Earth from space and an audio track of various samples of recognizable mass communications from world history. The shot suddenly begins to travel outwards from Earth at impossible speed, passing Mars, the Asteroid Belt of the Solar System, Jupiter, travelling through Saturn's rings and leaving our Solar System. Travel continues even faster, seemingly faster than light, passing the Pillars of Creation in the Eagle Nebula and out of the Milky Way galaxy. The trip passes through another galaxy, finally showing us a field of thousands of galaxies. After a few moments we pass through the iris of a young girl, Ellie Arroway, who is reciting a HAM radio greeting "C-Q" ("seek you") in her bedroom. Ellie has a gift for science and is encouraged by her kindly father to communicate with people in distant cities on her HAM. Ellie makes contact with someone in Pensacola, Florida, her longest communication yet at over a thousand miles from her home near Madison, Wisconsin. That night Ellie asks if she could ever have a transmitter powerful enough to talk to her deceased mother (who died in childbirth). Her father says he doesn't know but suggests that Ellie is tenacious enough that she probably could accomplish such a task one day. Ellie's father dies one night while they stargaze. Ellie seems to blame herself for not getting her father his heart medication in time. Ellie grows up to become a brilliant astrophysicist, earns her doctorate and begins her research with SETI (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence Institute) at Arecibo in Puerto Rico. At Arecibo, Ellie meets influential spiritual ponderer Palmer Joss (Matthew McConaughey), and has an intense, brief, but detached (on her part) affair with him. One day while looking in a Cracker Jack box, he finds a toy compass and gives it to her, 'so she wont lose her way.' Palmer wants to get closer to Ellie in terms of a relationship, but Ellie is more preoccupied with her search for extra-terrestrial life. Shortly after, Ellie is angered when Drumlin pulls her team's funding. She gets in a heated debate defending her work, to which Drumlin chastises her for spending time on 'nonsense.' Taking action, Ellie and her team pool together to try and get funding for their project from private sources. Ellie and her team spend 18 months searching, before finding their benefactor in the form of S. R. Hadden (John Hurt), a billionaire investor who had been known for innovation and had fallen out of favor in the scientific community. While giving a presentation to the Hadden Industries board of directors, Ellie becomes confrontational when it seems the board has no interest in funding her project. One of the board members receives an unexpected phone call and tells Ellie that she has her funding. Ellie looks at a nearby observation camera and mouths "Thank you." Hadden's funding allows Ellie to have access to the 'Very Large Array' (VLA) in New Mexico, a facility with 27 large radio antenna dishes which Ellie uses to continue her search. Even here, Drumlin and the scientific community are not far behind. With 4 years of finding nothing, and even though all funding for the project is privatized by Hadden Industries, and because of Ellie's relentless pursuit and reputation for bizarre experiments, the project is still in danger of being shut down by Drumlin again. Even so, Ellie vows not to quit. One evening, while listening intently, Ellie hears a powerful signal: a prime number pattern emanating from the star Vega, confirmed by others the world over, undeniable and strong in its pulsing power, which is much like a heart beating. Other astronomers in world-wide countries are utilized to record the signal, since the VLA is only aligned to Vega for a certain amount of time. Shortly thereafter, Drumlin inserts himself into the situation, taking credit for Ellie's work. Ellie is also pressured by the president's National Security Adviser, Michael Kitz (James Woods) who wishes to militarize the project, feeling that due to other countries having heard the message, Ellie has compromised national security. The message, however, is transmitted in pulses equaling prime numbers, to wit Ellie explains that mathematics is a universal language, proving the message was not meant strictly for the United States. Kitz and his assistant Rachel Constantine (Angela Bassett) inform the President when a video feed of Hitler is found mixed into the prime number pulse pattern. It is from the 1936 Olympics, the first television signal strong enough to leave the atmosphere, but the implications are threatening. Is the alien intelligence seeing a friend in Hitler, or merely bouncing the signal back to Earth? Religious right mouthpiece Richard Rank (Rob Lowe) reports that the fundamentalist camp is wary. At the same time, huge crowds of people descend on the VLA compound in New Mexico, trying to hear the signal. Some come for support, others, such as a religious zealot named Joseph (Jake Busey), have come to condemn Ellie and the others, preaching against science and claiming that god exists in Vega. A short time later it is found that interlaced within the signal, are a number of pages of digital data, over 60,000 in total. Ellie is then given authority over the deciphering, but after many months, the edges of the pages do not seem capable of lining up. Ellie soon gets her answer in the form of Hadden himself, who meets with Ellie privately. Hadden shows considerable knowledge of Ellie herself, saying that he prefers to know as much as he can about his investments. (One of the video clips he uses is that of Ellie presenting to his corporation's board, indicating that he made the phone call that got Ellie her funding.) Hadden then explains that Ellie and her team had been deciphering the pages in only two dimensions. The pages it seems, were created in three dimensions by an intelligence that would work in that manner for efficiency. With this revelation, Ellie is able to find the "primer", or the key to decoding the alien's message. Within the pages, there appear to be some form of blueprints. While Ellie speculates they could be a transport, Kitz and his security detail feel it could be a weapon of some kind, falling back on speculation that any alien life forms would be hostile to mankind. The decryption team is able to determine that the plans are indeed for a type of transport and contain an image of a human-like figure. Construction of the machine is estimated to cost as much as about 300 billion dollars, with a number of countries vying for the ability to join in construction, or to have a representative from their country vie for the chance to travel in the machine. A special panel is convened to select the appropriate candidate for the trip. Ellie is surprised when Drumlin resigns his post to become a candidate. Ellie is also a candidate, and makes it to the final round for deciding who will go. Palmer (who is on the panel) cripples Ellie's chances of being selected by asking her if she believes in God. Ellie indirectly answers the question by not stating a direct answer. Her falter is then picked up by Drumlin, who then speaks 'passionately,' using God in his closing remarks. His 'grandstanding' attitude towards the panel works, and he is chosen to go. Ellie feels betrayed by Palmer, who states that he couldn't choose someone who doesn't believe in God. Ellie angrily tells him that she told the truth, whereas Drumlin just told them what they wanted to hear. She then returns the compass he gave her. After a few years of construction the machine is completed at Cape Canaveral, and it's first test-run is televised on all major news networks. While Drumlin is supervising the test from the machine, Ellie is allowed to be part of the test's control team at NASA's Mission Control. All seems to be going well in testing, until Joseph (who Ellie had seen previously preaching against the project at the VLA in New Mexico) is spotted on security cameras in the machine's gantry, dressed in a stolen technician's uniform and with explosives strapped to his chest. Drumlin and a number of men try to subdue him, but Joseph detonates the explosives, destroying the machine and those conducting the test inside the machine, including Drumlin. Ellie then returns to the VLA, saddened that her discovery or any chance of making contact appears to have been destroyed. That evening, she is surprised to find a satellite uplink in her apartment. The uplink connects her to the MIR Space Station, which has now become home to S.R. Hadden, as a way to try and slow the terminal cancer that is 'eating him alive.' Happily, Hadden shows Ellie that his company had secretly constructed a second machine in secret on Hokkaido Island, and that he wants her to take the trip this time. Ellie is flown to a special ship just off the site, where she is met by the machine's crew, and given a pre-flight rundown, showing her everything from survival gear, to a suicide pill in case she is marooned in space. Shortly before the trip, she is reunited with Palmer, who returns her compass that she gave him during their last meeting. He then reveals that he has come to care about her, and that previously, he hadn't wanted her to go, fearing she might not ever return. Ellie is then put into the transport pod, and after it is launched into the center of the machine, she appears to travel through several wormholes, seeing bits of alien machinery, and a city on a distant planet of some kind. At one point, Ellie separates herself from the restraint chair in the pod to retrieve Palmer's compass which had come loose from her neck. The chair breaks violently apart from its fastenings and slams into the pod's side, fulfilling Palmer's prediction that the compass would one day save her life. As Ellie stares through a wall of the pod, its translucency reveals a brilliant, celestial event. Before she realizes it, she drifts to a gentle landing on a sandy beach environment (similar to the one she drew of Pensacola as a little girl). Suddenly, she notices a shimmering image moving towards her. As it draws near, she is shocked to see that it is her father. However, she soon determines that everything (the beach, the image of her Father) is not real, but memories and thoughts taken from her mind by the alien (who has taken on the guise of her Father). He explains that this was a way to allow them to make things more comfortable for her. The alien reveals that the broadcast signal from the 1936 Olympics was how the aliens knew about Earth, and that there are many others out in space. When Ellie asks about the transport system, the alien explains that their race found it, but they have no idea who built it. The alien explains that in examining her memories, that humans feel 'so alone.' But to the aliens the one thing they've found that brings them comfort is each other. The alien explains that Ellie has to go home. However, she tries to ask more questions, but is told by the alien that she has taken the first step, and in time, mankind will make another, and find out more. "That's the way it's been done for billions of years," he explains. Ellie then seemingly lands on the floor of the pod, back on Earth. Asking to know how long she was gone, she is shocked when she's told the pod simply dropped straight through the machine. Footage from a number of video cameras confirms it, and a video recorder that was in her communications headpiece only recorded static. After these events, Kitz resigns from his post as National Security Adviser, and holds an inquiry to find out 'what really happened.' During the inquiry, Kitz assumes that the entire event was a hoax: from the alien message to the construction blueprints. His feelings are that it was all a scheme perpetrated by S.R. Hadden, maybe in some crazed idea to unite the world (Hadden is unable to be presented to the panel, as he has since died onboard MIR, finally succumbing to cancer). Even with Kitz demanding answers, Ellie explains that without any evidence or proof, she firmly believes that she did travel to Vega, and that she did experience the meeting with the other being. The hearing ends, and Palmer is there to accompany her. Outside the Capitol building in Washington, a number of people are there, many in support of Ellie's theory. As she is put into a car, Palmer is asked his opinion. Stating that since he is a 'man of faith,' he is bound by a different covenant than Ellie. But even so, he does state that he believes her. In the aftermath of the inquiry, Kitz is in a discussion with Rachel Constantine. After discussing the investigation committee's findings, Rachel explains to Kitz how it appears that he overlooked the portion of the report regarding Ellie's video recorder. While Kitz said that it had just recorded static, Rachel has discovered in the report that it actually recorded 18 hours of static, the precise amount of time Ellie believed her journey had taken. Ellie is shortly thereafter given a grant to continue her work. She gives a group of grade school students a tour of the VLA facility. When one of them asks her if there could be life in outer space, she echoes her father's sentiment from when she was young, "If there isn't, then it'd be an awful waste of space." The ending of the film cuts to some time later on. Ellie is still working at the VLA and even more dishes are being built to allow the team to search further into space. A dedication of the movie to the late astronomer Carl Sagan, author of the novel the film was based upon, precedes the closing credits.
tt1645080
Drama,Romance
George (Freddie Highmore) is a fatalistic high school senior who is a gifted artist. George is often haunted by the realization that he will die someday. He ceases to complete his homework, as he feels that everything seems meaningless. As a result, he is put on academic probation. The next day, George goes up to the school roof and sees Sally (Emma Roberts) smoking. When a teacher comes up, George quickly pulls out a cigarette and takes the blame. Sally meets George to thank him, and though George is at first reluctant to talk to her, he soon warms up to her. On Career Day, George meets a young artist, Dustin and is inspired by his thoughts about life. He brings Sally with him to visit Dustin and it becomes apparent that Dustin likes Sally. Sally invites George to a New Years Eve party. At the party, she dances with her ex, while George gets drunk, puking outside before falling asleep in the alley. Sally finds him there and apologizes. For Valentine's Day, the two go out to dinner and Sally asks him to have sex with her. George, clearly shocked, doesn't answer. After his pause, Sally says they shouldn't as he is her only real friend. He is quiet for the rest of the time they're together and goes home early. He doesn't answer Sally's calls or talk with her at all. Sally instead invites Dustin out and flirts with him. The two of them start going on dates after Dustin kisses her. George doesnt do his English term paper and is brought to the principals office. The principal gives George two choices: expulsion or do every piece of undone homework, about a years worth. At home, George confronts his stepfather about lying about work, and they get into a physical fight. George takes off for Sallys place. She brings him into the hallway, where he kisses her. Sally kisses back but breaks it, revealing Dustin in her apartment. Angry and hurt, George leaves. The next morning, George finds his mother at the park. She explains that his stepfather lied to her about work and that theyre divorcing. George consoles her and begins to rethink his situation with Sally. At school, he gets each of his missing assignments to complete. His one art project is to make a painting that is honest and real. George completes the assignments and takes final exams, while Sally continues being with Dustin. Sally and George meet in a bar, where Sally reveals she's going backpacking with Dustin through Europe, and is skipping the high school graduation ceremony. George tells her he loves her and they go back to her apartment, where they kiss. Sally admits she loves him as well, promising that they will be together one day. George triumphantly turns in all his assignments and his art teacher applauds him on his art project. At the ceremony, Georges name is called and his mom is shown to be proud of him. George goes back to the art classroom and looks at his art project: Sally's smiling face. Sally, having opted not to go to Europe with Dustin, enters the room and looks at the painting with George and the film closes.
tt0960731
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
It's 1974, and a man by the name of Marty Bronson (Jonathan Pryce) is narrating a story. The story is about himself as the owner of a quaint hotel that is also run by himself and his 2 children. The daughter (Abigail Droeger), at 12 years old is very serious minded and runs the front desk efficiently. And the son (Thomas Hoffman), at 10 years old, has a wondrous imagination that will take him anywhere, but is absolutely, totally, completely, utterly, & entirely useless to the hotel. Little do the children know, though, that the motel is in debt, and Marty is forced to sell to an English chap by the name of Barry Nottingham (Richard Griffiths). However, Marty will only sell to Barry under the agreement that his son run the place when he is of age. Fast forward and we see the quaint hotel quadrupled in size and is no longer a family establishment but more for the rich and famous, and Marty's son Skeeter Bronson (Adam Sandler) is the hotel handyman. When Nottingham announces plans to build a new hotel he appoints another man named Kendall (Guy Pearce) to become the manager. After work, Skeeter visits his sister for it is his niece's birthday (who he hasn't seen in 4 years). There his sister Wendy (Courteney Cox) informs him that the school that the children Patrick (Jonathan Morgan Heit) and Bobbi (Laura Ann Kesling) attend, which she herself is the principal at, is being closed down and that has to relocate to Arizona for a job and asks Skeeter if he could watch her kids while she goes for an interview. Even though Skeeter doesn't know his niece and nephew very well, he agrees. After the day shift babysitter Jill (Keri Russell) leaves, he settles them into bed and they ask him to read a story. After looking at the lame books that the children have, he refuses to read them and instead makes up his own story. Modeled around his own life, he tells the story of a medieval squire named "Sir Fixalot" and his rival "Sir Buttkiss". Throughout the story the kids make their own additions, such as the king giving Sir Fixalot a chance to prove himself. During the celebration, Patrick announces that "it starts raining gumballs" and the story ends. The following day, Skeeter is called to fix Nottingham's television and during the visit, Nottingham tells Skeeter the "secret" theme that he had announced for the hotel - a rock and roll theme much like that of the Hard Rock Hotel. When Skeeter points out this has been done before he is offered the opportunity to compete with Kendall "to prove himself" for a better theme. While driving to his sister's house, Skeeter is suddenly greeted with a shower of gumballs raining down from above (which he does not see is caused by a crashed delivery truck). Skeeter concludes that the story has come true and quickly develops a plan to use it to his advantage. For the next story, he elaborates a Western theme in which he receives a free "Ferrari" horse from a Native American chief. The children do not corroborate the story, but have him save a damsel in distress from several criminals. They claim he should be rewarded with a kiss, but an angry dwarf kicks him instead. That night, Skeeter goes out in search of his Ferrari and meets a Native American man who steals his wallet. Later, Violet who is being hounded by paparazzi, is rescued by the passing Skeeter. Just as he is about to kiss her, he is kicked by an angry dwarf from a nearby fraternity. From this point, he determines that it is only the changes made by the children that actually affect reality. The following night, Skeeter tries to sell the kids on the theme ideas contest, but they are more interested in romance and action in their stories. The next story begins with Skeetacus, a Greek gladiator who, after impressing the emperor and a stadium of onlookers, attracts the attention of the "fairest maiden". He and the maiden walk into a restaurant where all the girls who were mean to him growing up are sitting at a table, they are to be so impressed by the maiden he is with, they start to nervously sing the "Hokey Pokey". After a meal they go for a walk on the beach where a large hairy man who is having trouble breathing is washed up on the shore, and after Skeetacus saves this man's life, a rainstorm sends him and the maiden into a magical cave which has Abraham Lincoln in it. Skeeter loses his patience with the story and upsets the children. Unable to get them to continue, the story ends. The next day, Skeeter learns that Violet will not be meeting with him as he thought, but unexpectedly runs into Jill, who invites him to lunch. The girls from Skeeter's high school are at the restaurant, so Skeeter asks Jill to pretend to be his girlfriend. After the girls break into the "Hokey Pokey" and Skeeter casually saves the life of a man on the beach, a sudden rainstorm sends them under the dock and he realizes that he is falling in love with her. But the kiss he is about to receive is interrupted as he is reminded about the Abraham Lincoln part of the story as someone walks on the dock above them, and thinking that the real "Abe" is going to appear he ducks. Instead a penny falls through the dock. For Skeeter and the kids' final night together, a space-themed story begins with Skeeter's character who battles Kendall's character in anti-gravity. Skeeter's hard-to-understand character wins and Skeeter quickly ends the story. Patrick interjects that the story is too predictable and says that Skeeter is then 'incinertated' before ending the story. At Nottingham's birthday party, among the fiery hazards that Skeeter is trying to avoid, his tongue is stung by a bee, making him hard to understand when competing with Kendall's new Broadway-themed hotel. Nottingham enjoys Skeeter's approach over the showy approach that Kendall had provided. A panic attack on a fiery birthday cake causes Skeeter to be "fired" by Nottingham. Afterward Jill, Patrick, and Bobbi are all upset as they learned where, which Skeeter had just discovered, the hotel was going to be built: on the property of the school which they all work and attend. Wendy believes he did not know, but is upset because he had inadvertently taught the children there are no such things as happy endings. When they attend the demolition to protest, Skeeter is inspired to prevent the school from being demolished. After finding Nottingham an alternative location, Skeeter takes Jill on a wild motorcycle ride which ends at the school and manages to stop the countdown. Sometime later, he marries Jill and founds a hotel named after his late father. Kendall and his scheming partner Aspen (Lucy Lawless) are demoted to Skeeter's hotel waiting staff.
tt0211915
Comedy,Romance
Amelie Poulain (Audrey Tautou) is the only child of Raphael and Amandine; a doctor and a schoolteacher, respectively. Raphael (Rufus) is a stoic and distant father, and never makes physical contact with his daughter except for a monthly medical checkup. When Amelie is six, he concludes that she has a serious heart defect (when in reality, Amelie's heart beats faster due to nervousness from her father's rare contact). He declares Amelie to be too delicate for school, and she is taught at home by her mother. Amandine (Lorella Cravotta) is constantly stressed and anxious, and breaks down over strange and minor events such as Amelie's goldfish leaping from its bowl. Given no mental stimulation from her parents and isolated from other children, Amelie develops an intricate imagination to entertain herself. She becomes fairly comfortable in her solitude, but her life is shaken when her mother is inadvertently fatally crushed by a suicidal tourist leaping from the roof of Notre Dame. Her father becomes deeply depressed, and Amelie receives even less parental affection. In her late teens, she moves to her own apartment and takes a job as a caf waitress in Montmartre. Amelie amuses herself with life's simple, everyday pleasures, since her romantic relationships were often disappointing. She takes interest in the lives of others, but does not get involved. Residents of her apartment building include Raymond Dufayel (Serge Merlin), an elderly reclusive artist with very brittle bones; Madelene Wells (Yolande Moreau), the sulking concierge who mourns the death of her cheating husband; Collignon (Urbain Cancelier), the grouchy grocer; and Lucien (Jamel Debbouze), Colignion's clumsy employee. On August 31, 1997, as she watches a news report of Princess Diana's death, chance leads Amelie to discover a small box behind a wall in her bathroom. It contains pictures, toys, and mementos from decades before. Amelie decides to find the box's owner to return it, and if he is touched by the gesture, she will dedicate her life to such acts of kindness. After consulting Colingion's parents, who had lived in her apartment building around the time the box was hidden (roughly 1950), Amelie receives a possible name for the owner: Domonique Bredoteau. Amelie looks up several Bredoteaus in the city, but to no avail. Her neighbor Dufayel provides her with the correct spelling- Bretodeau- and Amelie is able to track him down. She slyly returns the box to him, and the aging Bretodeau (Maurice Benichou) is brought to tears by his childhood memories. After anonymously trailing him to a bar, Amelie learns that her act had inspired him to visit his estranged daughter and finally meet his grandson. Amelie is delighted. Amelie decides to encourage her aging and morose father to travel for the first time. She steals his beloved garden gnome and gives it to her stewardess friend, who takes pictures of it in famous foreign locations at her flight stops. Amelie anonymously sends the pictures to her father, hoping to inspire wanderlust. One day at the train station, Amelie encounters Nino Quincampoix (Matthieu Kassovitz), an eccentric young man whose hobby is reconstructing torn-up pictures found underneath photo booths. Nino drops one of his photo albums when chasing a mysterious man through the station, and Amelie looks through it. The man Nino was chasing appears in multiple reconstructed photos throughout the album, and Nino is intent on discovering his identity. Nino himself had an isolating childhood, much like Amelie, and the two grew up only a few miles apart, longing for friends but never meeting. Amelie decides to return the album, but is interested in meeting Nino. After visiting the pornography shop where he works as a clerk, she learns he has another job at a carnival. She sets up a series of clues for him that would eventually bring them together. Meanwhile Gina (Clotilde Mollet) , a co-worker at the cafe, is plagued by her ex-lover, Josef (Dominique Pinon), who jealously spies on her all day and mutters notes into a tape recorder. Amelie attempts to remedy this by setting him up with another co-worker, the hypochondriac Georgette (Isabelle Nanty). Meanwhile, her cat-and-mouse games with Nino have captured his attention, and he wants to meet her as well. In the meantime, Amelie steals Madame Wells's letters from her husband (written to her decades before) and cleverly creates a new letter in which he apologizes to his wife for his infidelity. After receiving the false letter, Madame Wells is overjoyed with the news that her husband loved her after all. Amelie also avenges Lucien by playing practical jokes on Colingion (whom she dislikes for constantly insulting Lucien). Amelie has regular visits with Raymond Dufayel, who has been recreating the same Renoir painting for 20 years. He reminds her that, despite her intentions to help others, she is neglecting her own pursuit for happiness. Amelie resolves to meet Nino once and for all, and lures him to her caf with a note. He arrives but she is too shy to address him, even when he gently confronts her with the note. While Amelie is out of earshot, her fellow waitress Gina asks Nino to talk with her in private, to ensure that Amelie will not be hurt by him. After speaking with Nino, Gina sees that he is a good man. However, Gina's ex-boyfriend Josef sees the two leave together and, after being dumped by Georgette, reveals his (incorrect) observation that Nino and Gina are dating. Amelie hears this, and is crushed. At home, Amelie weeps while frustratingly baking a cake. She daydreams of a life with Nino, amid all the current characters in her life. She is startled when her doorbell rings. She hears Nino speaking to her from the hallway, but she is too nervous to answer. Assuming she is not home, Nino slips a note under her door, assuring her that he will return. A conflicted Amelie finds a personal videotape from Mr. Dufayel, in which he encourages her to pursue the man she loves, or risk eternal unhappiness. Amelie rushes to the door just as Nino returns. She brings him in without speaking, and after finally seeing each other under new circumstances, they begin a relationship. Some time later, Amelie and Nino are still happy together. A narrator encourages the audience to observe the miraculous details of life that occur every moment.
tt0372588
Action,Comedy
Team America: World Police exists for the sole intention of stopping terrorists from performing evil deeds. With a home base located within the structure of Mount Rushmore, the team comprises Lisa, a young psychologist; Carson, Lisa's love interest; Sarah, an alleged psychic; Joe, a typical all-American jock who is in love with Sarah; and Chris, a technological and martial arts expert who harbors a deep yet mysterious mistrust of actors. The team is led by Spottswoode, a United States government agent, and the team's information is received by I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E., a highly-advanced supercomputer. The story begins with the team interrupting the activities of a group of terrorists in Paris, France. During the ensuing gun-battle, the "Team" manages to lay waste to a good portion of the city, destroying the Eiffel Tower (which then collapses onto and destroys the Arc de Triomphe) and the Louvre among other structures. Following the action, Carson proposes to Lisa, but the moment is cut short when a surviving terrorist guns Carson down. In search of a new member, Spottswoode recruits Gary Johnston, a Broadway actor with college majors in Theater and World Languages. Gary is hired as a spy, utilizing his talents to infiltrate terrorist organizations. Unbeknownst to the team, North Korean dictator Kim Jong-il is supplying international terrorists with weapons of mass destruction, planning a mysterious worldwide attack. I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E. is informed of a terrorist meeting in Cairo, Egypt, and Gary successfully infiltrates their group; during this time, both Lisa and Sarah become romantically attracted to him. Chris, however, hates Gary, solely because of his resentment toward actors. Gary is sent in undercover; despite the fact that his disguise is extremely poor, he successfully gains the trust of a terrorist lieutenant. The team attempts to capture the terrorists, and although Team America successfully foils the terrorist plan, their actions again leave most of the city in ruins. The group is criticized by the Film Actors Guild (F.A.G.), a union of liberal Hollywood actors. The group includes Gary's favorite actor, Alec Baldwin, and his heavy criticism is very discouraging to Gary. Meanwhile, the United Nations assign Hans Blix with the task of inspecting Kim Jong-il's lair, but the investigator is killed by Kim Jong-il's man-eating sharks. As the team relaxes following their victory, Gary expresses his guilt to Lisa, remembering a time where his acting talent caused his brother to be killed by gorillas. As the two express their feelings and have sex (after Gary promises that he'll never die), a group of terrorists blow up the Panama Canal. The Film Actors Guild blames Team America, believing that they (rather than the terrorists or the person who supplied them with WMDs) are responsible for the terrorists' actions. Gary, realizing his acting talents have once again resulted in tragedy, abandons the team, causing considerable conflict among the remaining members. Believing the terrorists to be operating within Derkaderkastan, the original members depart, only to be attacked and captured by terrorists and the North Koreans respectively. Meanwhile, Michael Moore infiltrates the team's base and destroys their equipment by suicide bombing the area. Kim Jong-il, upset with the terrorists' actions, expresses his frustration and despair (by singing "I'm So Ronery"). Meanwhile, a very depressed Gary becomes an alcoholic, only to be reminded of his responsibility by a drunken drifter, who compares the world's three dominant personalities to "dicks", "pussies", and "assholes" respectively. Gary then vomits repeatedly for 56 seconds running time. In North Korea, Kim Jong-il reveals his plan to host an elaborate peace ceremony, inviting not only the Film Actors Guild but also the world's political leaders. Alec is chosen as the ceremony's host. During the celebration, a series of bombs will be detonated throughout the world, reducing every nation to a Third World country. Gary returns to Mount Rushmore and finds the area in ruin, although Spottswoode and I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E have survived. After regaining Spottswoode's trust by performing oral sex on him, and undergoing a one-day training course (deliberately shown in a clich montage for comic effect), Gary is sent to North Korea. Gary proceeds to infiltrate the lair and frees the team. They are confronted by the Film Actors Guild and a violent battle ensues, leaving most of the Guild brutally slain, with Alec being the remaining member as he is the host of the ceremony. Soon after, Chris confesses to Gary that his mistrust of actors is due to the fact that when he was 19 years old, meeting the cast of Cats, he was "felt up" by Rumpus Cat and Macavity, held down by Rumpleteazer, and raped by Mr. Mistoffelees. The team then confront Kim Jong-il. Although initially unsuccessful, Gary convinces the world's leaders to unite when he recites the drifter's emotional speech, stunning Alec. Kim Jong-il then kills Alec with a submachine gun, but is defeated by Lisa by being impaled on a Pickelhaube, as worn by the German Kaiser; and he is then revealed to be an alien cockroach from another planet named Gyron. Kim Jong-il flees, departing in a miniature spaceship, but promising to return. As Gary and Lisa begin a relationship, the team reunites, preparing to combat the remainder of the world's terrorists.
tt0138704
Drama,Horror,Mystery
The film is about a mathematical genius, Maximilian Cohen (Sean Gullette), who narrates much of the movie. Max, a number theorist, theorizes that everything in nature can be understood through numbers, and that if you graph the numbers properly patterns will emerge. He is working on finding patterns within the stock market, using its billions upon billions of variables as his data set with the assistance of his homemade supercomputer, Euclid, that he built in his small apartment in New York City's Chinatown. The film opens with Max narrating a time when he was very young and tried to stare directly at the sun, despite his mother's warnings not to. His eyes were terribly damaged, and his doctors were not sure if they would ever heal. They did, but immediately thereafter he began to be plagued with headaches. The headaches are severe enough to drive him to the brink of madness, and he often passes out from the pain. He also suffers from extreme paranoia, manifested in menacing hallucinations, and some form of social anxiety disorder. (Note: throughout the film, it gets increasingly difficult to separate what is real and what is a product of Max's hallucinations.) Due to his "gift" (or curse), Max is capable of doing simple arithmetic calculations involving large numbers in his head, a skill that impresses Jenna, a small Chinese-American girl with a calculator who lives in his apartment building. In the course of his work, Max begins making stock predictions based on Euclid's calculations. In the middle of printing out the picks, Euclid suddenly crashes, but first spits out a 216-digit number that appears to be nothing more than a random string. Disgusted, Max tosses out the printout of the number. The next morning, Max checks the financial pages and sees that the few picks Euclid made before crashing were accurate. He searches desperately for the printout but cannot find it. Other than Devi, a young woman living next door who sometimes speaks to him, Max's only other social interaction is with Sol Robeson (Mark Margolis), his old mathematics mentor who is now an invalid. Sol had been a leading figure in research into the nature of Pi (the symbol for the number 3.14) in his earlier years, but gave it up for reasons that are not yet clear. He sympathizes with Max about the loss of Euclid but becomes unnerved when Max mentions the string of numbers, asking if the string was 216 digits long. When Max questions him about the string, Sol indicates that he came across such a number many years ago. He urges Max to slow down and try taking a break. At a coffee shop that he frequents on a daily basis, Max meets Lenny Meyer (Ben Shenkman), a Hasidic Jew who coincidentally does mathematical research on the Torah. Lenny demonstrates some simple Gematria, the correspondence of the Hebrew alphabet to numbers, and explains how some people believe that the Torah is a string of numbers that form a code sent by God. Max takes an interest when he realizes that some of the number concepts Lenny discusses are similar to other mathematical concepts, such as the Fibonacci sequence. Lenny also mentions that he and his fellow researchers are searching for a 216-digit number that is repeated throughout the text of the Torah. Meanwhile, Max is being pursued by shadowy agents of a Wall Street firm, who are interested in his work for financial reasons. The leader of the agents, Marcy Dawson (Pamela Hart), shows up at his apartment one day and offers Max a powerful new computer chip, called the "Ming Mecca", in exchange for the results of his work. Max insists that he is uninterested in working for them to make a profit but takes the chip to help his new research into the Torah. Utilizing the sophisticated chip, Max has Euclid analyze mathematical patterns in the Torah. Euclid crashes again, but once again spits out the 216-digit number. Thereafter, Max appears to become somewhat clairvoyant and able to visualize the stock-market patterns he had been searching for. His headaches also increase in intensity, and he discovers a strange vein-like bulge protruding from his right temple. During another visit with Sol, his old mentor warns him that the mysterious 216-digit number is more than Max realizes, and seems to have powers of its own. Sol insists that trying to understand it years ago had caused him to suffer a stroke, but Max angrily dismisses Sol's concerns as cowardice. One evening, Dawson and her agents grab Max on the street and try to force him to explain the number. They had found the original printout that Max threw away and had been trying to use it to manipulate the stock market in their favor, but as a result, caused it to crash. Although Max is held at gunpoint, Lenny drives by and rescues him. However, Lenny and his companions make similar demands on Max to give them the number. They take him to a nearby synagogue where they finally reveal their intentions: they believe the 216-number was meant for them to bring about the messianic age, as the number represents the unspeakable name of God. Max refuses, insisting that whatever the source of the number is, it has been revealed to him alone. Max flees and tries to visit Sol, only to find out from his daughter, Jenny, that he has just died from another stroke. Max searches Sol's apartment and finds mathematical scribblings similar to his own, eventually finding a piece of paper with the number. Back in his own apartment, Max is driven to the brink of madness when he experiences another headache and resists the urge to take his painkillers, which causes him to destroy some of the parts of Euclid. Believing that the number and the headaches are linked, Max tries to concentrate on the number through the pain. After passing out, Max has a vision of himself standing in a white void and repeating the digits of the number. The vision ends with Max hugging Devi, who turns out to be a hallucination. Max stands alone in his trashed apartment. Max burns the paper with the number and blithely performs an impromptu trepanning on himself in the right cerebral hemisphere with a power drill. Later, in the final scene, Jenna approaches Max in a park asking math problems, including 748  238, which is an approximation for Pi. Max smiles and claims that he doesn't know the answer to them. No longer able to solve complex mathematics or experience headaches or paranoid thoughts, Max sits on the park bench and observes the trees blowing in the breeze, at peace.
tt0071315
Drama,Mystery,Thriller
Set in 1937 Los Angeles, a private investigator named Jake "J.J." Gittes (Nicholson) is hired to spy on Hollis Mulwray, the chief engineer for the city's water department. The woman hiring Gittes claims to be Evelyn Mulwray, Hollis' wife. For unknown reasons, Mulwray spends considerable time looking at dry riverbeds and water outlets. Mulwray is photographed while having a heated argument with an elderly man on the street. Gittes photographs Mulwray from a roof top when he kisses a young blonde, and the photo is published in the newspaper the next day, causing a scandal. After the story is published, Gittes is visited by the real Mrs. Evelyn Mulwray, who threatens to sue him for defamation. Gittes uncovers information that despite a serious drought and an expensive proposal to build a new dam, the Water and Power Department is dumping fresh water into the ocean at night. The dam project is opposed by Mulwray himself, who cites a potential disaster because of weak geological formations in the rock where the dam is to be constructed -- Mulwray had previously supported the building of another dam that had failed due to similar geological conditions. When he addresses a public hearing on the project, which Gittes attends, Mulwray is ridiculed by several farmers, one of whom leads a flock of sheep into the room, who want the reservoir and water the dam will provide. Jake goes to Mulwray's mansion to speak to him but is only able to talk to Evelyn Mulwray. While he waits for her, Mulwray's Japanese gardener cleans a small decorative pond. He casually says "bad for the glass" in broken English, a comment that Jake dismisses. Jake notices a shiny object in the pool and tries to retrieve it, stopping when Evelyn appears. She tells him that Mulwray usually takes afternoon walks at a reservoir and that he should look for him there. Gittes goes to find Mulwray at the reservoir but instead finds the police haul Mulwray's body out of the reservoir. They believe Mulwray died from drowning. Gittes used to work with the lead investigator, Lt. Lou Escobar. When the police interview Evelyn Mulwray about her husband's death, they assume she hired Gittes, and Gittes corroborates the lie for her. She thanks him and hires him to investigate what happened to her husband. Later, at the county coroner's department, Gittes learns from the coroner that Mulwray's lungs were filled with salt water, although he had been found in a freshwater reservoir. Gittes also learns that a local drunk was found dead from drowning in a dry riverbed that Mulwray had been inspecting. Later that night Gittes climbs the secure fence around the reservoir and, after he is shot at by an unseen shooter, is nearly drowned when the culvert he is hiding in is suddenly filled with running water. Two water department security thugs detain him; a large man named Claude Mulvihill and a short thug (a cameo by Roman Polanski), who slashes Jake's nose for being a "very nosy fella." Gittes, forced to wear a large and ridiculous bandage, receives a call from Ida Sessions, the woman who originally impersonated Evelyn Mulwray. She admits she was hired to trick Gittes, but refuses to come to his office. She tells him to read that day's obituaries, saying he'll find "one of those people". At the water department, Gittes sees photographs of the elderly man Mulwray quarreled with a few days before his death; the man is Noah Cross (John Huston), Evelyn Mulwray's father. He used to own the water utility in partnership with Mulwray, but Cross ended his association with the department when the partners sold it to the city, as Mulwray had long desired. Cross invites Jake to lunch at his home and hires Jake to find the blond girl Mulwray had been seeing, saying that she might know what happened to him and that he'd like to comfort her if he can. Gittes goes to the Hall of Records and looks in a large plat book of the valley. He learns that a considerable portion of the valley has been bought up in the past few months by a few new land owners who have purchased large tracts of land. When the attendant in the room refuses to let Jake borrow the book, Jake surreptitiously tears the column out of the book and pockets it. Acting on another tip from Sessions, Gittes begins to unravel an intricate scandal involving LA's fresh water supply. Gittes first travels to an orange farm to talk with the owner about how his land is being irrigated. As he drives around he is shot at by the farmer and a few of his farmhands and crashes his car into a tree. Jake is dragged from his car, beaten and searched. The farmer explains that the Department of Water & Power has been harassing him by sending agents to run him off his land and poison the water in his wells. While he tries to show the farmer documentation of his investigation, the farmhands claim that Mulwray is responsible for harassment of late and attack Jake. When Jake tries to fight back, he's knocked unconscious. He wakes up to find that the farmer and his wife have called Evelyn, who has come to the farm. While they drive back to LA, Jake explains the scandal to her: her father and his partners have been forcing farmers in the rural areas surrounding the city off of their land so they can buy it cheap, after which a newly-built (and controversial) dam and water system would start redirecting much of L.A.'s water supply to that land, dramatically increasing its real estate potential and value. Since Cross wants no record of such transactions, he has partnered with a retirement home community, using the identities of the eldest residents within (one of whom is mentioned in the obituary column): they would legally, but unknowingly, own the land. Jake, having matched one of the obituary names to one of the names in the list he stole from the plat book, has Evelyn drive him to the retirement home and pose as a married couple trying to find a place for Jake's father to live. The host tells them they can tour the facility. They come across an activities board with the names of the people from the plat book. Jake talks to a group of women working on a quilt. One of the pieces of fabric they've sewn into the quilt bears the emblem of the Albacore Club, the yacht club owned by Noah Cross. Jake is confronted by the host who has figured out Jake's ruse. The man takes him out to the lobby where Mulvihill is waiting. Jake tells Evelyn to bring the car around and then severely beats Mulvihill and barely escapes when the short thug who slashed his nose shows up. Back at Evelyn's house, Gittes and Evelyn share a romantic interlude. As they lie on the bed afterward, Evelyn asks Jake about his past as a cop. He tells her he worked in Chinatown and was responsible for a woman "being hurt", possibly killed because of his actions. The phone rings and Evelyn has a cryptic conversation with someone, then informs Jake that she has to leave for a little while. She gravely asks him to trust her and wait for her to return. Gittes takes Mulwray's car and follows Evelyn to a middle-class house and sees Mulwray's girlfriend crying. Evelyn claims the young woman is her sister, who was crying because she had just learned about Mulwray's death in the newspaper. Later that night, Jake receives a call at home from a detective named Loach, Escobar's partner, telling him to meet him at a specific address. When he gets there he finds that Ida Sessions is murdered and Escobar and Loach are waiting for him. When Jake asks how they knew to call him Escobar shows Jake his phone number written near the phone. Escobar also points out that he knows the coroner's report proves that salt water was found in Mulwray's lungs even though the body was found in a freshwater reservoir, a fact that Jake had discovered earlier but withheld. He demands that Jake turn over any incriminating photos that may reveal Mulwray's murderer's identity. Escobar's chief suspect is Evelyn herself. Under pressure from Escobar threatening to revoke his PI's license, Jake returns to Evelyn's mansion looking for her. Evelyn's Japanese gardener is working in the backyard and drops a minor comment about "salt water being bad for the *grass*". The man's accent had masked over the actual word he was using to describe the problem. Jake has the man fish out the shiny object he'd noticed in the pool before: it's a pair of eyeglasses. Gittes confronts Evelyn at the small house where she'd been keeping the young girl. Evelyn reveals that the blond girl, Katherine, is both her sister and her daughter, born from an incestuous relationship she had with her father years before. Gittes asks Evelyn if her father raped her and she shakes her head no. It remains unclear whether the act was consensual or not. It is apparent also that Evelyn resents her father for taking advantage of her in a relationship considered unnatural. Gittes then chooses to help Evelyn escape. Evelyn also states that the eyeglasses Jake found in her back yard pond could not have been her husband's because they are bifocals. Gittes arranges for the two women to flee to Mexico on a fishing boat owned by another of Jake's clients and instructs Evelyn to meet him at her butler's address in Chinatown. Evelyn leaves, and Cross arrives with Mulvihill under the pretext that Gittes has found the girl; however, Gittes confronts Cross with the accusation of murder and the glasses. Cross had Mulwray drowned in the saltwater pond at his own house and lost his own glasses in the pond during the act. Jake asks Cross about the water scandal; Cross blithely tells him that he plans to create a community in the desert with an abundant fresh water supply. The real estate revenues from the sales of the land will generate many millions of dollars for him. Cross considers the plan a way of buying the future, essentially insuring that his family will reap the benefits from such a deal for many years. When Jake pointedly asks Cross about the relationship with his daughter, Cross confidently says "Most people never have to face the fact that, at the right time and the right place, they're capable of anything". Cross then orders Mulvihill to seize the glasses, the only physical evidence Jake has and forces Gittes to take him to Evelyn's butler's address in Chinatown. When Gittes arrives at Evelyn's hiding place in Chinatown, the police are already there and arrest Gittes on conspiracy and withholding evidence. Jake vainly tries to explain Cross' plan to Escobar, who won't listen. Evelyn appears with her daughter, trying to drive away in her car. When Cross approaches Katherine, demanding custody of her, Evelyn pushes him back, shoots him in the arm with a small pistol and starts her car. As Evelyn is driving away, the police open fire and Evelyn is shot and killed. Cross clutches the hysterical Katherine, taking her out of the car, as a devastated Gittes is comforted by his associates, who urge him to walk away: "Forget it, Jake. It's Chinatown." The plot is based in part on real events that formed the California Water Wars, in which William Mulholland acted on behalf of Los Angeles interests to secure water rights in the Owens Valley.
tt1343092
Drama,Romance
The film starts with a shot of the flashing green light in East Egg, Long Island, as Nick Carraway (Tobey Maguire) says how his father told him to always see the good in others. He is seen in the Perkins Sanitarium talking to a doctor, whose records indicate that Nick is there due to his alcoholism, among other things. Nick adds that there was only one person who he saw good in: Gatsby. Nick takes us back to the previous spring in 1922, where Wall Street was booming, and bootleggers were in business due to the alcohol ban. Nick moves to a cottage on Long Island in West Egg, saying he was full of ambition as he started working as a bond broker for Wall Street after originally wanting to be a writer. This cottage was next door to Gatsby's mansion. Nick goes across the bay to visit his cousin Daisy (Carey Mulligan) and her blue blooded husband Tom Buchanan (Joel Edgerton), who went to Yale with Nick. Daisy introduces Nick to Jordan Baker (Elizabeth Debicki), a golfer. Over dinner, we learn that Tom is pretty arrogant and racist, remarking on the rise of the colored empire. He gets a phone call, and Jordan tells Nick that Tom is having an affair. Later, Nick walks with Daisy, who says she has become cynical lately. Nick asks about her daughter, and Daisy mentions she is glad she had a girl and hopes she can be a fool, because, in her words, that's the best thing a girl in this world can be. Nick returns home and notices a figure standing on the pier and looking and reaching toward the green light, and Nick believes this is Gatsby. The doctor at the sanitarium convinces Nick to write a novel about his experience. He continues the story by writing about the Valley of Ashes, a desolate part of New York featuring a billboard with two eyes watching over everybody, said to be the eyes of T.J. Eckleburg. Nick and Tom are headed to the Yale Club when they get off the commuter train and head to a car repair garage run by George Wilson (Jason Clarke). Tom chats with him over business matters, and George's wife Myrtle (Isla Fisher) comes downstairs. It becomes obvious that she is Tom's mistress. She mentions her sister is coming to New York and wants to introduce her to Nick. Later, at an apartment, while Tom and Myrtle are going at it in the bedroom, her sister Catherine (Adelaide Clemens) comes in with two other friends. They begin to have a party, and Nick remarks that this is only the second time he's ever been drunk. At night, he watches from the window and looks upon the people in the town, saying he finds himself within and without the world he is in. Myrtle comes out of the bedroom shouting Daisy's name, enraging Tom and causing him to smack her hard across the face. Nick wakes up in his home and says he has no memory of how he got back. He opens front door to find that he has received an invitation to a party at Gatsby's, saying he was the only one who has ever gotten a direct invitation, as all the other wealthy people in New York just come to his mansion and indulge themselves. He goes to the party, which is extravagant, and asks around for Gatsby, but nobody has seen him. He runs into Jordan, who is also curious to find him. They hear rumors such as Gatsby being a German spy or an assassin. Eventually, Nick happens to encounter the man himself, Jay Gatsby (Leonardo DiCaprio). Nick tells Jordan that he imagined Gatsby to be older and fatter. A man comes by and tells Jordan that Gatsby wishes to speak with her in private. A while later, as the party comes to an end, she comes out telling Nick that she just heard something very shocking. Before she can say anything else, she is pulled away by a snobby rich man. The next morning, Gatsby shows up at Nick's cottage in his Duesenberg and takes Nick on a trip, describing to him "God's truth" about himself. He claims to have come from a wealthy family that are now all dead, and later attending Oxford and going on to become a decorated WWI veteran. He takes Nick into the city to meet with his business partner Meyer Wolfsheim (Amitabh Bachchan). They go into a bar beneath a barbershop where bootlegged alcohol is being sold. We learn that Wolfsheim is rumored to have rigged the 1919 World Series, and Gatsby considers setting Nick up for a business with them. Tom Buchanan shows up, at which point Gatsby vanishes. Nick has lunch with Jordan, who tells him what her conversation with Gatsby was about. Through a flashback, we learn from Jordan that five years earlier, Gatsby and Daisy were romantically involved while living in Louisville, Kentucky when Gatsby was a war officer. When he is called away, she waited for him, but then eventually met Tom and was set to marry him. Before their wedding, however, she got a letter from Gatsby, causing Daisy to nearly get cold feet, but she went on to marry Tom. Gatsby also intentionally bought his mansion across from Daisy's home, hoping to see her. Jordan tells Nick that he wants him to invite Daisy over for tea. He approaches Gatsby that night and says he will do it. The following morning, a bunch of people fix up Nick's lawn and home, and it's clear that Gatsby intended to have tea at Nick's place instead of his. They fix it up and make it look nice, but Gatsby starts getting nervous. He almost leaves until Daisy comes in. Nick brings her inside, but Gatsby has fled. She is amazed at all the flowers in the living room, and then Nick hears a knock at the door. It is Gatsby, dripping wet from the pouring rain outside. He enters, and Daisy sees him, and they both comment on how glad they are to see each other again. The tea time is awkward, until Nick decides to leave them alone by saying he is going into the city. When he gets back to his house, Gatsby decides to take them to his place, and they spend some time at the beach before coming back to his home. He shows Daisy a variety of shirts he possesses, and while she is excited, she starts crying. Nick knows it's sudden for her after five years, but she won't admit that. Nick tells some truth about Gatsby. His real name is James Gatz, and that he came from a poor family of farmers from North Dakota. He did not see himself as part of that family and as he got older, he set off to accomplish more. While riding his boat, he encountered a yacht sailed by a man named Dan Cody (Steve Bisley). The young James Gatz rescued him from a storm and went on to sail with him, adopting some of Cody's customs like using the term "old sport" (which he frequently calls Nick). After Cody died, he did not receive his inheritance because of Cody's family, so Gatsby went on to make himself a wealthy man. Gatsby throws another party, this time having Daisy and Tom show up. She and Gatsby retreat to a nearby location where they begin to kiss passionately. Daisy says she wishes they could run away together. Gatsby is pulled away by his butler to settle a business dispute. After the party is over, Gatsby believes Daisy did not have a good time. He tells Nick that he needs her to tell Tom she doesn't love him so they can go back to Louisville and get married. Nick tells him he can't repeat the past, but Gatsby insists he can. He notes the first time he kissed Daisy when they first met, and Gatsby felt he had already married her. Before leaving, he tells Nick he is wrong about the past. Gatsby stops throwing parties for a while. One day, which happens to be the hottest day of the summer, he invites Nick, Daisy, Tom, and Jordan over for lunch. Gatsby tries to hold Daisy's hand, but she panics and claims she is bored and wants to go into the city. Tom notices that she is feeling something for Gatsby, so he agrees to go into the city. Gatsby and Daisy drive off in his car while Tom takes Nick and Jordan. They stop for gas at George Wilson's garage, and he has learned of Myrtle's infidelity, but not that she's sleeping with Tom. The group meets up at a hotel where a man is cutting up a large block of ice to pass around because of the heat and for drinks. Tom starts to slowly antagonize Gatsby, hoping for a confrontation. He mocks his use of "old sport", claiming he lied about Oxford, and accuses him of bootlegging with Wolfsheim. Gatsby hits back by saying Daisy loves him and not Tom, putting her in an uncomfortable position. As Tom continues to egg him on, Gatsby snaps, throws the alcohol and grabs Tom, screaming at him and nearly hitting him. This frightens Daisy and Jordan. She and Gatsby leave. Tom decides to open a bottle of liquor and offers Nick some. He remarks that he just remembered that day was his birthday. At night, Myrtle is being abused by George as he asks her where she got her pearls. She runs out into the street as she sees the Duesenberg coming, thinking it's Tom. The car speeds as Gatsby grabs the wheel, trying to swerve, but the car strikes Myrtle and kills her instantly. Tom, Nick, and Jordan drive by the scene and discover Myrtle's corpse as the police are on the scene. Tom is visibly distraught but denies having known her well. He goes to George, who is grieving. Tom tells him that the car that hit Myrtle was driven by Gatsby. The Buchanans go back to their place. Jordan invites Nick inside, but he refuses. As he leaves, he hears Gatsby calling to him. He tells Nick that Daisy was driving after leaving the city to ease her tension, but although he tried to move the car, they were unable to stop from hitting Myrtle. Nick walks away, seeing Tom and Daisy talking, apparently having reconciled. Nick meets up with Gatsby later as he is fixing up the Duesenberg and covering it. He learns more about Gatsby - the whole truth. Gatsby was always after Daisy and hoped she would wait for him after he came back from the war. Although he was penniless, he wanted to come back to her, but she had already married Tom. Nick realizes Gatsby truly loved Daisy, and he only threw the parties in the hopes that she would show up for one of them. That morning, Gatsby's gardener comes in and says he is to drain the pool before the leaves fall. Gatsby decides to take a swim before that and asks Nick to join him but he declines. Before finally leaving, Nick tells Gatsby that the Buchanans are rotten people and that Gatsby is worth more than them. They share a friendly wave before departing. At work, Nick is too distracted and hopes Gatsby will call him with good news. At the same time, we see Daisy looking at her phone as she considers calling Gatsby. The phone rings at his place, and Gatsby hears it, excited. However, he does not see George Wilson behind him, who shoots him in the back. He falls into his pool, dead, just as George turns the gun on himself. We also see that it was Nick, not Daisy, who was calling, and he panics as he heard the gunshots. After Gatsby's death, the media blamed him for the affair with Myrtle, as well as her death. Nick is upset that he could not tell them the truth. His place is bombarded with reporters who ungraciously huddle over his open casket. Nick tries to get in touch with Daisy, but she and Tom are leaving with their daughter, packing up everything and having their butler tell Nick they are gone. Nick adds that virtually nobody attended Gatsby's funeral except him. He would later go on to leave New York and go back to the Midwest, completely disillusioned. He also muses that Gatsby could not see that his dream of being with Daisy was behind him. Nick completes his novel, simply titling it "Gatsby". He takes another look at the cover page and writes something extra, now calling it "The Great Gatsby".
tt0120791
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
When Maria, the witch ancestor of our protagonists, realizes that her lover is never going to come for her, she casts a spell on herself to never fall in love again. Unfortunately, the spell goes awry and becomes a family curse: any man that falls for an Owens woman will die. And that's exactly what happens to Sally (Sandra Bullock) and Gillian (Nicole Kidman) Owens' father, causing their mother to die of a broken heart. The young girls then live with their two aunts (Stockard Channing, Diane Wiest), who teach them the ways of being a witch and how to deal with the ridicule that comes with the family profession. But one night when they witness their aunts casting a love spell for a neighbor, Sally decides she will never fall in love and dreams up a man that will never exist... Until one day she goes to town with her aunts and she meets the man she falls for. The next thing you know, Sally is happily married to Michael (Mark Feuerstein) with two daughters of her very own. Her sister, in the mean time, has been living in Florida where life is constant parties. But when the 'death watch beetle' sounds, Sally know it is only a matter of time before she loses Michael like her mother lost her father...and like all the Owens women have lost the men they love. It is only when the curse plays out that she learns her aunts cast the spell on her to fall for him in the first place. She allows her daughters to live with the aunts who raised her, telling them that her daughters are to never do magic. With Michael's tragic death, the sisters reunite and it's Gillian who presses Sally to forgive herself and move on. But tragedy strikes twice when the sisters again reunite, this time when Gilly calls because her boyfriend, Jimmy (Goran Visnjic), begins beating her. It is his accidental death that makes them toy with nature; hoping to bring him back so they won't be arrested. They succeed, but are forced to actually kill him this time when he tries to strangle Gilly. Jimmy, however, is haunting them. And the aunts leave when the girls won't confess what happened. Which only becomes a bigger problem when an officer comes looking for Jimmy with a letter Sally had written to Gilly. Why? Because a woman has turned up dead and naked. But this one is special. He happens to be the man that Sally conjured up all those years ago and the girls realize it. Gary, however, isn't there simply because of his case. He fell in love with Sally's letter and now has to reconcile his duty to the badge, and arresting Jimmy's murderer, and duty to the woman he loves, the woman he wished for. Jimmy's ghost isn't gone. He's possessing Gilly and the only way to save her is to form a coven and banish him...which Sally does by using all the townspeople who have called her names for years. But only the love of the sisters can send him away...well that and a little magic. When Jimmy's death is declared accidental, Gary returns to Sally for that chance at happiness. And the girls embrace their magic roots. So maybe normal is relative...and a witch can have her happy ending.
tt0088944
Action,Adventure,Thriller
Two garbage collectors gun down a man with mini-Uzis. A bald-headed tough steals a car from a dealership and crushes the dealer. A tugboat is blown up in the harbor. These murders have one thing in common - all involve former members of a commando team led by John Matrix, a hulking ex-Colonel whose exploits have made him and his men enemies among totalitarian empires and groups around the world. Matrix and his daughter Jenny live alone in the mountains of upstate California, but Matrix's former commanding officer, General Franklin Kirby, flies to the house to tell Matrix about the killings of his men, and to leave two expert soldiers to guard him as Kirby and the feds work to find the killers. No sooner does Kirby leave, however, than a mass of gunmen open fire on the house, killing the two soldiers. Jenny hides in her bedroom while Matrix rushes to his shed - in reality an underground weapons bunker - to get his rifle. Now armed, he confronts a gunman who offers him a choice - do as they say and his daughter, now being taken away in one of several fleeing cars, lives. Matrix blasts the gunman, and despite finding his truck sabotaged, he goes after the gunmen by driving the powerless truck down the steep mountain, intercepting one of the fleeing vehicles and attacking four armed thugs, beating two senseless before being beaten down himself. He then is confronted by the gunmen's leader - Bennett, who had been thought killed in the tugboat explosion. Bennett, however, is the one behind the killings and faked his own death to smoke out Kirby and Matrix, wanting revenge after being discharged by Matrix from the Army for massacreing civilians in a South American nation whose Marxist dictator, Arias, was overthrown by Matrix's team - and who is now Bennett's employer. Matrix is being dragooned into flying to Arias' country to overthrow its new leader, but Matrix escapes and must force the assistance of Cindy, an off-duty pilot, to help track down Arias' men after one of them, Sully, tries to hit on her. Matrix and Cindy track down Sully and after a violent brawl at a mall and a chase up the Hollywood hills he apprehends Sully and holds him over a steep cliff, demanding information on Jenny's whereabouts. Sully only knows what his pal Cooke (the bald-headed thug) knows, so Matrix drops Sully to his death. Matrix confronts Cooke at his motel, and a brawl erupts that spills into the room of a very amorous couple startled while making love. The supremely-endowed couple watch in horror as Matrix kills Cooke, then finds information in his pocket and his car that leads to a warehouse showing an island where Jenny is being held. First Matrix and Cindy raid a weapons store but Matrix must be rescued from intruding police; Cindy pulls this off with a rocket launcher she figures out how to use by reading the available instruction manual. Matrix and Cindy hijack a seaplane and fly to the island, where he arms himself like an army and sneaks into Arias' fortress. There he blows up barracks and slaughters Arias' inept army of soldiers, but in the chaos Jenny escapes but is caught by Bennett in the boiler room of the main mansion. Matrix succeeds in killing Arias but must taunt Bennett into freeing Jenny by appealing to his steroid-induced egomania and rage for killing Matrix in hand-to-hand combat.
tt1703199
Horror
The film opens with television producer Jerry Hartfield describing Grave Encounters, a paranormal reality television program directed by and starring ghost hunter Lance Preston, which was canceled after five episodes. Hartfield explains that the events about to be shown in the film is raw footage from the sixth and final episode filmed, edited only for time-restraint purposes. The footage shows the crew of Grave Encounters composed of Lance himself, occult specialist Sasha Parker, technical expert Matt White, cameraman T. C. Gibson, and guest starring psychic medium Houston Greypreparing to investigate the abandoned Collingwood Psychiatric Hospital where unexplained phenomena has been reported for years. They receive a tour of Collingwood and its underground tunnels from the hospital's caretaker. They also learn about Collingwood's history, including a physician named Arthur Friedkin, who performed unethical experiments and lobotomies on the patients at the hospital before being killed by escaped patients. The crew voluntarily lock themselves inside Collingwood for the night and begin their investigation, setting up camp near the hospital's main entrance, which is locked from the outside. No paranormal activity occurs for the first few hours until a door slams behind T. C. by itself while he is filming around the building. Lance and his crew try to establish contact with the unseen entities responsible, and are further tormented by more hauntings, which become increasingly blatant and hostile. With half an hour left before the hospital caretaker comes to unlock the front doors, the crew starts packing. Matt goes to retrieve the cameras stationed throughout the building, but disappears. The others spend the next several hours looking for Matt without success, with the caretaker not arriving. They knock down the front doors to escape, only to discover it leads to another corridor, as do several other "exit" doors they find. They also notice that it is still night outside when it should be daylight. The crew continues searching for both Matt and an exit when they encounter a girl whose face contorts demonically. The crew flees in fear, but Houston is separated from the others and later violently assaulted by an unseen force, killing him. While resting, the others find hospital tags bearing their names on their wrists. They eventually find Matt, who is wearing a hospital gown and has been driven insane, mumbling nonsense about his apparent psychological disorder, and explaining that the only way for them to escape is for them to "get better" at the hands of the hospital's unseen residents. The crew continues to be chased through the hospital by several apparitions. T. C. is pulled into a bathtub filled with blood by a ghost and disappears, while Matt falls down an elevator shaft to his death as Lance and Sasha are attacked by a tongueless demon. Lance and Sasha enter the tunnels in search of another exit where Sasha, who has become violently ill, disappears in a mist that appears while she and Lance sleep. Terrified and insane, Lance continues through the tunnels alone, surviving by killing and eating rats, until he finds a door leading to Friedkin's operating room that contains an altar and pentagram for a demonic ritual, showing that Friedkin had used black magic for medical practice. He turns to see the apparitions of Friedkin and several nurses, who drag a screaming Lance onto their operating table. The camera blanks out for a moment before showing a lobotomized Lance, who says he is now "better" and allowed to go home, and gives a few parting words to the audience before the screen cuts to blue.
tt2097307
Action,Comedy
In the opening scene, Charlie (Dax Shepard) and Annie (Kristen Bell) are in bed making out and playing with each other though it is clear that Annie is stressed about something. Charlie tells her to close her eyes. He says that this moment is all she needs to worry about and if she wants it, he will be with her for the rest of his life. In a close up of Annie's eyes we see that she sheds a tear, touched by his words. Later that morning, Annie heads off to the local university to take an appointment with her boss. On her way out, a van carrying Randy (Tom Arnold) sees her and he says "hi". Randy asks if Charlie is in the house as they have a meeting (Charlie's in Witness Protection). Annie says "yes" then heads out. Randy tries to take a sip of his coffee, but he spills the entire thing all over himself, scalding him. He exits the van, and it rolls away since it is not in park fully. Randy chases after it, and when he sees in going in the direction of some nearby kids, he pulls out his gun to try and shoot out a tire but winds up shooting bullet holes in the van and the neighboring house's window. It crashes into a rock median, never getting near the kids. Charlie comes out wondering what the hell he is doing, and the Randy attempts to explain himself to Charlie and the children's mother and fails miserably. Charlie ushers Randy inside quickly before he causes any more trouble. At the university where Annie works, her boss reveals that she was able to speak to someone at a bigger university about creating an entire department around Annie's field (conflict resolution), and they want her to head it. The only problem is that the job is in Los Angeles, and she knows that Charlie being in WITSEC can't leave where they live. Annie's boss Debby (Kristin Chenoweth) tells her the job is an opportunity of a lifetime. Where she works now is beneath her. Debbie goes further saying that she went to state school, went to football games, got date raped, and had to listen to her boyfriends. "I deserve this okay?" Debby says, but tells Annie she doesn't have to. Back at the house, Charlie is talking to Randy, still trying to understand what just happened outside. Randy tells him that he got demoted to WITSEC because of two shooting incidents where his gun was accidentally discharged. If he gets reported for another incident, he will lose his job. He blames it on his pistol, as it was not the revolver he requested. He points it at Charlie not understanding the danger of doing that given his bad luck, and Charlie quickly takes it from him and dismantles it so it can't go off. Randy then chides Charlie never to touch his gun again. Annie comes home to see that Charlie has made dinner. She reveals the job offer and how she is worried about accepting it. Not to mention, Debby has told Annie that if she does not take the interview, she is fired anyway. Charlie is less than pleased, because she will have to leave and he cannot. Even though he will hate it, he would never forgive himself if he held her back. They spend the night awake trying to figure out what to do. The next morning Annie goes to the university to beg for her job back. Charlie is at home thinking when he makes a decision. He goes to the barn and pulls a tarp off a car and drives off. At the university, Debby is trying to tell Annie she will get over Charlie when he shows up. He tells her they are going to L.A. despite the potential danger. It has been four years since he's been in the program and L.A. is a big place where they can easily blend in. As they drive off, Annie says she has to pack, but Charlie says he got everything she would need. Annie then realizes she doesn't have her teaching certificate, and she does need that. It is at the house of Gil (Michael Rosenbaum) her ex-boyfriend. Annie and Charlie arrive at Gil's, and when he answers, he keeps trying to subtly get her back. When Annie mentions she is leaving for LA with Charlie, Gil balks, afraid that he is a serial killer or something since he knows nothing about Charlie. "I'm afraid he's going to kill you and role play with your corpse," Gil says. Charlie comes up and subtly threatens Gil. Gil gives up the albums with the certificate and they leave. Gil sees the license plate on Charlie's car though. On the drive to L.A., Charlie mentions he spent 1.5 years working on the car with his dad so that's why it is special to him. On the other side of town, a gay police officer Terry (Jess Rowland) is talking to his partner Angela (Carly Hatter) about a gay man finder app for his phone called Pouncer. It is a means to stake out other known gay men for conversation and sex. Terry gets a call from Gil (they are brothers) and Gil voices his concerns about Charlie. He asks Terry to run the plates and Terry finds they are expired and registered to a Yul Perkins. Gil looks up the name; Yul (A.K.A. Charlie) was a getaway driver for a group of bank robbers that turned state's evidence. He Facebook friends the ringleader, Alex Dimitri (Bradley Cooper), saying he knows where Yul is. Charlie and Annie stop for food. He gets a call from Randy who learns he is leaving for L.A. Randy freaks out saying he needed to follow protocol in order to do that. Randy heads out to get him while Charlie tells Annie they need to keep going to outsmart Randy. As they are getting back into the car, a guy asks Charlie if he uses Nitrous. "Nitrous is for fags," Charlie says, driving off. Annie is less than pleased with him using that word, believing it to be offensive. Charlie tries to defend himself, but Annie shuts him down using the example of calling her purse the "n-word". Charlie promises to cut it out. Charlie notices Gil has been following them. They both pull over. Charlie wants to beat him up, but Annie makes him promise not to. Charlie confronts Gil and Gil reveals that he knows his past, and mentions Alex. Charlie warns Gil that if Annie leaves him because of what he does, that he will beat Gil up. "I'll fucking beat you to death, Gil!" Charlie says. Going back to the car, Gil shouts out "Yul Perkins" confusing Annie. Charlie tells her that since he can't use violence, he'll have to outrun Gil. He revs the engine and munches on several donuts, making Gil cough from all the exhaust. This begins a car chase with them on a narrow country road with a few cars. At one point, Charlie goes into the other lane only to see Randy in his van on his cell phone. Randy freaks and winds up going off road, losing his gun out of his holster, it going off several more times almost killing him. Charlie eventually outwits Gil then goes back to check on Randy. They continue driving. Meanwhile at a grocery store, Alex and his girlfriend Neve (Joy Bryant) see a bulldog and pet him. Going inside to buy some water, the guy behind them, a large black man, puts down some cheap dog food. Alex takes offense to it, saying paying a little extra for better dog food will help the animal be better. The other man gets hostile and threatens to beat Alex up. "I'll knock out a nigger holding a baby," the agitated black man says. Alex leaves and the man pays for the dog food. Outside he sees his dog sans leash. Alex walks up behind him and puts the collar on him, dragging him on his back to the side of the store. He tries to force the dog food down the man's throat putting a gun to his head. The man says he "rather die than eat that shit". Alex says that was his entire point; in a dire situation, some people will eat another to survive, but the man would rather die than eat the dog food. So why would he feed it to his dog? "That's some profound shit man," Alex says. He gets back into the car with Neve then proceeds to mock the man for wearing a tank top. Meanwhile, Charlie and Annie stop at a gas station for fuel. A redneck (David Koechner) takes special interest in Charlie's car. Charlie and Annie discuss his car. Charlie hates that he is being teased by her insinuating that he has a small dick complex because of his car. He then goes further saying there is no such thing as teasing in a relationship, that teasing is really saying what you don't like about a person but framing it in a joking manner so you don't get into trouble. They head for a motel to stay the night, and when they open the door they find out they were given the wrong room number as a fat naked orgy is taking place where a group of middle aged men and women are fooling around. They quickly back out shocked, and proceed to their correct room. Alex takes a call from Gil, who claims he has a vague idea where Charlie/Yul is. Later that night, Annie presses Charlie about the name Gil used. Charlie says that is his real name; his dad was obsessed with Yul Brynner, but no one knows who that actually was (and the kids at school thought he sounded like a Sesame Street character). He picked the WITSEC name Charles Bronson to get away from a name he kinda hated. Meanwhile, Randy gets his van working, and he is racing down the road to find Charlie. Terry and his partner see him and pull him over. Randy quickly explains that he is a Federal Marshall trying to locate a witness. Terry is ready to let him go provided he slow down some. Angela pulls him aside and notes there is a person nearby on his Pouncer App. That means Randy is gay. Terry requests to see Randy's phone and gives him his number saying he should be flattered. "I'm a 8, you're a 5," Terry notes. They let him go. The next morning, Charlie is getting the car ready, while Annie takes a shower. After she comes out of the shower, she goes to the computer and almost looks up Yul Perkins but decides not to. Charlie meanwhile tries to start the car only to realize the redneck from earlier stole his engine. He goes back to tell Annie he's going to call a tow company. On the way back out, Gil smacks him in the nose with a golf club, making his nose bleed profusely. Gil wants to see Annie to prove she isn't dead, but Charlie knocks him out, mad that he made him break his promise to Annie. Charlie is about to head to the lobby when he sees Alex, Neve, and another former crew member waiting. Freaked out, he forms a plan, taking a picture of a nearby car's VIN number. Charlie races back into the room, telling Annie they have to leave now. He quickly downloads the VIN info onto a universal key, and they leave. Alex searches for them, hitting the same wrong room with the orgy of fat old people still taking place. (Says Alex - that shit was disgusting!) Charlie and Annie get into the car just as Alex sees. Alex gives chase as does Gil as he wakes up in his car where Charlie left him. As they drive and get into a chase at an abandoned airfield, Charlie explains to Annie that he was a getaway driver for a robbery crew. However, Alex and another member shot a man during one job. Charlie had to turn state's evidence to save himself, as well as Neve who was his fiancee at the time. Neve would have been put in prison for life as she planned the heists and would've been an accessory to the shooting. However, he was considered an unreliable witness and the case was eventually dropped. Annie has trouble computing the news, especially that he was engaged to Neve. During the time at the airfield, Randy joins the fray though some extreme driving causes him to brake hard, crashing a bowling ball through his windshield, further damaging it and getting knocked out in the process. Charlie and Annie are able to evade Alex for the time being. Annie gets a call from Debby telling her her appointment has been moved up to 4:00 pm that day, and she needs to be there. Annie tells Charlie to pull over, and they have a big argument about him lying about his past. Annie makes it clear she wants nothing to do with him due to this and will find another way to LA. She sees Gil, and asks him to take her to L.A. Elsewhere, Terry and Angela are at the airfield (Randy called them during the chase) and are having trouble finding him, so Angela suggests using the Pouncer app. They find Randy and think for a moment he is dead. Randy comes to and exits the van though passes out the second he does. Gil is driving, still trying to get back into Annie's good graces to little success. Suddenly, the car is rammed off the road by Alex's crew. They knock Gil out and take Annie to use as collateral. Charlie gets a call to meet Alex or else... Charlie meets Alex, and Alex vents his betrayal at Charlie. Charlie tells him that he had no choice. It was either Alex or Neve, and Neve was his finacee. He didn't want to have to choose between them. Besides Alex put him in that position in the first place when he shot that guy. Alex rages he spent 8 months in jail. Charlie mocks the small amount of time until Alex drops a bombshell. "I got butt fucked. I got fucked in the butt. I got fucked in prison! Yeah!" Alex says. Charlie is obviously shocked and actually feels bad about that happening. He then proceeds to not make it any better by asking Alex what ethnicity raped him ("It was Filipino, Okay!" Alex screams). Alex wants the money Charlie stashed away, so they drive out for it. On the way, he discreetly calls Randy and tells Alex the location of the money which is his father's farm. Randy hears and heads there. Terry is driving with Randy behind him when he sees Gil and his totaled car. Gil explains Alex Dimitri has Annie. Terry tells Gil to get in the van with Randy. At the farm, Charlie rings the bell and tells Annie he hasn't seen his father in four years since he was ashamed about what happened. When his dad, Clint Perkins (Beau Bridges) sees him, he knocks his son to the ground. Clint is mad as he didn't raise Yul to be a bank robber. To add insult to injury, he used "their" car for the getaways. Alex forces them all out to where the money is hidden. As they dig it up, Clint tells his son where a dune buggy is stashed in the barn. They give the money to Alex, who plans to use currency fluctuation to turn the money into a nice profit. Alex intends to take Annie as collateral, but Clint knocks him out with a shovel and proceeds to beat up Alex's other man. Charlie grabs Annie and Alex gives chase with Neve, wildly shooting his gun. Charlie and Annie get to the barn and get the dune buggy running, crashing out of the barn. They are chased by Alex who shoots at them. Randy and Terry give chase in another dune buggy. Randy asks for Terry's revolver, and he cracks off a perfect shot for once, hitting Alex and causing them to stop pursuing Charlie and Annie. Randy and Terry take the two into custody. Out of danger, Charlie and Annie stop the dune buggy. Charlie says he will get Annie to LA on time, even though she doesn't want to be with him any more, because his word is all he has left. Annie tells him more or less, that she wants to stay together, and they hit the road in the dune buggy. Alex is put on a stretcher to go to the hospital and Nev is put under arrest. Randy and Terry are interviewed by some higher ranking agents (one played by cameoing Jason Bateman). Though they are somewhat rude to Randy, they admit that since he caught Alex Dimitri by himself that will get him out of WITSEC and possibly into U.S. Marshals again; even Terry is promised a potential promotion for helping. Charlie and Annie get to the university on time. Charlie says the same calming sentence as he did for Annie at the beginning of the movie and they kiss, their relationship renewed. Annie heads into her interview. THE END. As the end credits roll, we see two scenes. First we see Randy and Terry, now a couple psyching themselves up as they get ready to head inside a building. Randy gets out of the van and it rolls off without him noticing again. They are heading up to the U.S. Marshals building. In the next credits scene, we see Annie go into her interview, with Professor Sandy Osterman. He is smoking pot when Annie knocks so the office is full of smoke. We learn he is actually Debby's brother, and she has mocked him their entire lives. Annie psychoanalyzes him and tries to make him feel better. Sandy is charmed by her and gives her the job as the head of her own department.
tt1728975
Horror,Thriller
9 people stuck on an elevator one has a ticking bomb - the other 8 will do absolutely anything to survive. The bomb cannot be defused. There is no escape and no promise of rescue. The unthinkable becomes the only reasonable solution. In a suspense thriller, both classic and contemporary, the passengers on Elevator are squeezed so tightly by fear and panic, the only possible result is horror. With minutes to live, there is no time for civilized morals. Nine sophisticated, Wall Street party-goers reveal the real people behind the facade. Crafted by the award-winning team of Norwegian director, Stig Svendsen and writer-producer Marc Rosenberg, they create a story as chilling as Hitchcocks Psycho and as demented as Polanskis The Tenant. An amazing ensemble cast (Christopher Backus, Anita Briem, John Getz, Shirley Knight, Amanda and Rachel Pace, Devin Ratray, Tehmina Sunny, Joey Slotnick and Waleed Zuaiter) creates a pressure cooker drama you wont soon forget. Elevator, not just another Hollywood movie.
tt0119643
Drama,Fantasy,Romance
William Parish (Anthony Hopkins) is a multimillionaire who has run a successful empire for the past forty years in New York. But, after his wife passes away, he feels empty and becomes convinced that Death is now after him too. He hears strange voices in his head, mimicking his own words, but they are phony and ridicule him in every possible manner. William's eldest and somewhat meddlesome daughter, Allison (Marcia Gay Harden), is planning her father's 65th birthday party. Her sister Susan (Claire Forlani), an attractive young doctor, is involved with one of Bill's board members, Drew (Jake Weber). Her father disapproves of the relationship and suggests she look for someone more suited to her character. Early in the morning she meets a handsome and cheery stranger (Brad Pitt) in a caf, but fails to learn his name before they leave. The young man is struck and killed by a car a few minutes later. Death (Brad Pitt) appears to Bill in his home. Bill finally realizes that the young man is the personification of death. But death wants a holiday from his taxing, eternal responsibility of taking the souls of the dead to the after life. He chooses William to be his guide strikes a deal with Bill: as long as Bill shows him around the world of mortals, Bill will get to live a little longer. Temporarily doubting his own sanity, he finally agrees. He is introduced to William's family at a dinner at his house, when Susan arrives a few minutes late. She immediately recognizes the young man she met earlier that day, but the young man as Death is unfamiliar with the practices of mortal men and does not remember their original meeting. He acts awkwardly around her and she is confused and upset by his sudden odd behavior, very unlike his actions earlier that day. When the dinner guests ask Bill for the name of his "old friend", Bill hesitatingly introduces him as "Joe Black". The family is puzzled by the sudden appearance of an old friend of their father's that they have never met. Joe insists that Bill allow him to accompany him everyplace he goes, and Bill reluctantly agrees. Bill knows that these are his last days on earth, but despite his best efforts, he fails to keep events from rapidly spiraling out of control. A merger has been proposed to the Board of Bill's company, and Drew actively supports the transaction, but Bill as Chairman vetoes the proposal. Drew is very antagonistic towards this sudden, new "old friend" of Bill's, and is disrespectful and rude towards him. Susan grows disaffected of her relationship with Drew, beginning to see him for who he really is, and is somewhat enamored of the diffident, seductive, mysterious Joe Black. They have sex and she tells Joe that she loves him. Joe enjoys the experiences of his flesh, of human feelings and desires, and is in love with her as well. This complicates matters, as Bill doesn't want Death to become involved with his daughter, and tells Joe that their deal didn't include this. Death has little care for Will's feelings and declares his intention to take Susan with him for his own. As his last birthday arrives, Bill makes a last attempt to demonstrate to Joe the meaning of true love and all it encompasses, especially honesty and sacrifice. Bill's 65th birthday on his large estate is a wonderful, perfect event. Joe attends, pretending to be an Internal Revenue Service agent. Bill makes a last attempt to demonstrate to Joe the meaning of true love and all it encompasses especially honesty and sacrifice. Joe comes to understand that his love for Susan means he has to sacrifice his desire to take Susan with him and allow her to live her life, and he abandons his plans to take her. Unknown to Bill, Drew is conspiring with a enemy of BIll's who is bidding to acquire Parrish Communications. Drew capitalizes on Bill's strange behavior. He uses information inadvertently given to him by Bill's son-in-law Quince (Jeffrey Tambor) and convinces the board to vote Bill out as Chairman. He also persuades the Board to approve the merger which Bill had decided to oppose. Quince is devastated by what happens to Bill as all but one other member of the board vote him out. Joe, as the IRS agent, uses his knowledge of Drew's actions and intimidates Drew into resigning from the company and Board and to leaving Susan. Joe helps get Bill reinstated as Chairman of the Board. Bill devotes his remaining hours of life at the party to his daughters Allison and Susan. Joe says his last goodbye to Susan, admitting in veiled terms that he isn't what he appears to be. She senses something of the truth behind his words but is unable or unwilling to vocalize this realization. A fireworks show marks the end of the party and Joe escorts Bill to the edge of the garden and Susan follows them. Joe takes Bill over the bridge and the two disappear. Susan saw them walking away and runs up to the bridge. She is surprised when Joe reappears and walks back over the bridge. Death has left with Bill. Joe is now the young man Susan met at the coffee shop at the start of the movie. The young man, unaware of the events which had transpired from the time of his death until his return, talks to Susan. After a few moments, Susan suddenly realises that Joe is not the person whom she fell in love with. In sorrow, she realises that Joe (Death) has left and she is now talking with Joe (young man at coffee shop). She gazes past Joe's shoulder at the spot where she last saw Joe (Death) and Bill. Tearing, she says to Joe (young man), "I wish you could have known my father". She then asks him, "What do we do now?". He replies, "It'll come to us.". She nods and agrees. They hold hands and walk back towards the celebration of (Bill's) life.
tt1912398
Adventure,Comedy,Crime
So here is the wrap up of the movie: It starts off showing a man named Frank living in an apartment alone next to a noisy couple and their baby. He daydreams about breaking into their apartment with a shotgun and killing them. Next, he is seen watching TV, and he is seen disappointed with everything shown, especially when a show named American Stars (a parody of American idol) shows a kid's dreams getting crushed after his "hilarious" singing. He is shown going to work the next day, and all his co-workers are talking about the kid in American Stars, and how funny it was. Frank daydreams about killing all this co-workers with a pistol. He is soon called to his boss's office where he is fired and after he goes to his doctor where he is diagnosed with cancer. Deep in depression, he decides to commit suicide, but before he does, he accidentally turns on the TV to show a sweet 16 show with a spoiled brat who cusses at her parents and hates them. With anger, he grabs his gun and steals the neighbors car. He ends up killing her, and drives to the ... JUST WATCH THE MOVIE, IT IS ON NETFLIX...
tt0430105
Action,Crime,Drama
On a cold, snowy night in Detroit, an El Camino car follows another around town. The car that the Camino is following parks and the driver gets out and walks into a convenience store. The driver is Evelyn Mercer (Fionnula Flanagan), a good-natured, elderly woman. She catches a young boy named Darnell (Tahliel Hawthorne) stealing a candy bar and reprimands him before telling the cashier, Samir (Pablo Silveira), to call the police. We see that Evelyn is bluffing but she uses her threat to talk sense in Darnell who promises to never steal again before he leaves the store. Evelyn admits to Samir that Darnell just needs an older brother as she walks to the rear of the store to pick out a Thanksgiving turkey. The El Camino occupants (Richard Chevolleau and Awaovieyi Agie) get out of the car and enter the store, clad in black hoods and wielding shotguns. They demand money from Samir as Evelyn hides behind a counter. She listens as Samir hands over the money before they shoot him dead and gasps, a sound that the hoodlums hear. Outside the store, a second gunshot is heard before the robbers leave the store and take off. Bobby Mercer (Mark Wahlberg) drives back into Detroit after an absence to attend his adopted mother, Evelyn's, funeral. He greets his brothers Jeremiah (Andr Benjamin) and Jack (Garrett Hedlund) who gives an emotional eulogy on how Evelyn taught him that he didn't have to be afraid anymore and what it meant to be part of a family. Everyone goes to Jeremiah's house later for reception where Lt. Green (Terrence Howard) briefs his partner, Fowler (Josh Charles), on the Mercer brothers before joining. All wards of the state, the four brothers, currently minus Angel ([linknm0879085]), were raised and adopted by Evelyn herself after she failed to find them appropriate homes elsewhere. Bobby, the oldest brother, holds a reputation as a heavy weight, getting kicked out of hockey after multiple offenses. Jack is the youngest and a "first class fuck-up, third class rock star". Jeremiah is the only brother to move on from his past, a successful businessman with a wife and kids. Green grew up with the brothers, often playing hockey with Bobby, and is on good terms with them despite their reputations as trouble-makers. He admits surprise at seeing Bobby in town but pays his respects for Evelyn. Bobby and Jack introduce themselves as uncles to Jeremiah's two daughters, Daniela and Amelia (Riele Downs and Riele Downs), and tell them that, though they don't look like Jeremiah, they are still brothers. Jeremiah's wife Camille (Taraji P. Henson) expresses concern with him about Bobby's presence and doesn't like the idea of having him stay at their house. Green speaks to Bobby and tells him that they are investigating Evelyn's murder, informing him that they are speaking to a basketball player who witnessed two men running out of the convenience store the night she was shot. Fowler treats the issue with indifference, inciting Bobby to request that the officers leave. The three brothers drive to the old Mercer home where Bobby and Jack will be staying. They find Angel waiting for them on the porch, evidently having just returned from the Marines, and berate him for missing the funeral. They enter the house and the weight of the situation starts to hit home; their mother is not there and will not come back. Bobby informs Angel and Jack that they are to stay in their old rooms while he sets up in Evelyn's room. There, he is overwhelmed and breaks down in the bathroom. He washes up and comforts Jack in his room, crying silently as he fiddles with his guitar. Jeremiah announces that he's going out to get a turkey, saying that they should still celebrate Thanksgiving despite everything. As he leaves, Angel expresses the wish to get some air but Bobby reads him like a book: he tells Angel not to mess with the sassy girlfriend he used to have who now has a new boyfriend. Despite Angel's assurances that he won't go, we next see him running half naked through the snow with her as they escape her apartment, her boyfriend (Jay Hunter) chasing after them in his car, firing shots into the night. Angel and his girlfriend, Sofi (Sofa Vergara), make it back to the Mercer home. Bobby makes fun of Angel for bringing Sofi back and tells him that he doesn't want her there, despite Angel's protests that he really cares for her. This only encourages Bobby to make fun again. Angel starts tossing things around the room out of bitterness and to get a rise out of Jeremiah who is trying to watch a football game. This leads to the two of them rough-housing while Bobby cheers them on until Jeremiah manages to tackle Angel to the ground and pins him. Later, they all sit down to eat together. Bobby leads them in saying grace and they silently start to serve themselves and eat, all aware of the empty seat at the head of the table. Jeremiah imagines seeing Evelyn there and she reprimands him for eating with his mouth open. He corrects himself and relates this advice to Angel before looking down at his food again. Angel imagines that he sees Evelyn, asking about his tattoos before showing one of her own, a rose. Angel smiles before he hears her reminding him to keep his elbows off the table. Jack, visibly having the hardest time dealing with Evelyn's absence, imagines her assuring him that, despite all the bad things that happened to him, he is safe now. Bobby is the last to look up but notices nothing but Evelyn's empty seat. However, he becomes distressed and stops eating before proposing that they play The Turkey Cup, their traditional hockey game. They go out and enjoy the cold night air and festivities before heading to a bar, drinking in memory of Evelyn. Jack becomes drunk but the others are clear-headed enough to further discuss Evelyn's murder. They agree that the police won't get far, though Jeremiah asserts that they should leave the investigation to them. The bartender (Conrad Bergschneider) comes over and gives his condolences before informing the brothers that he heard the shooting was gang related. Bobby demands to know more but Jeremiah becomes irritated and leaves to go home, refusing to 'get shot up' with his brothers. With some new information from the bartender, Bobby takes Angel and Jack to the car where they arm themselves with some light weaponry (Jack getting stiffed with a crowbar) and head out to an old gang hideout where a party is taking place. Following the bartender's lead, they crash the party, firing a few rounds into the air to scatter the revelers. They confront the gang leader (Mpho Koaho) and douse him in gasoline, demanding answers about Evelyn's death. Jack casually lights a cigarette as the leader babbles that he had nothing to do with the shooting but does say that the basketball-playing witness the cops interviewed was lying. He backs up this statement by saying that the witness saw the shooters leave at 11 but the basketball court lights go off at 10. Bobby takes the gang leader out to the very court near the convenience store where, just as he said, the court lights shut off at 10 pm. They allow the gang leader to leave as they wonder why the witness would lie. They return to the house and discuss their findings with Jeremiah while Bobby takes time to make fun of Sofi. Angel, however, is not amused. The next day, the brothers go to meet with Evelyn's lawyer, Robert Bradford (Kenneth Welsh), where he reads her will and presents a box to be left for the brothers. He says that Evelyn left quite an impression on him and leaves the brothers alone to divide her belongings. Jack and Jeremiah find their birth certificates which details where they were born and whom to. Bobby finds an envelope full of money and splits it between himself, Jeremiah, and Angel, leaving Jack with a piece of jewelry, joking that it will look good on him. Jeremiah takes the brothers to an abandoned parking complex which he reveals as his latest project to refurbish and make some money off of, stating that the money to start the project shouldn't be an issue. They then go to the convenience store where Evelyn was shot and request to view any security cameras that were recording that night. They watch apprehensively as the shooters enter the store and Evelyn takes cover. When the shooters discover her, they hold her at gunpoint and pause while she speaks to them. Bobby notes that none of what happens makes sense; the shooters have their money and there is no reason to kill Evelyn. They turn their heads away as Evelyn is shot down. They ask the new owner if he knows who the witness was who spoke to the police. The man does not know a name, but describes him to the brothers and says that he plays basketball at a nearby community center. Bobby leads his brothers to their next destination, pissed knowing that their mother was set up and that her murder was not random. They arrive at the community center where a crowd is watching a basketball game. The brothers interrupt the game, brandishing guns and describe the witness to everyone, demanding to know where he is. Jack notices a kid nervously leave the auditorium and follows him into the hall where he chases him to the end. Angel tackles the kid and they collect Bobby and Jeremiah. They interrogate the kid, named Keenon (Kevin Duhaney), and ask him why he ran. Keenon admits that the man they're looking for is his brother. Bobby tells Keenon that the three guys behind him are 'his' brothers and all they want from Keenon's is to talk to him. Keenon looks at the four suspiciously despite Bobby's assertion that they are his real brothers but admits that his brother is named Damian (Lyriq Bent) and tells them where he lives. The brothers wait outside Damian's apartment before Jeremiah says he has to bail to take his daughters to dance practice. The others make fun of him and snidely remark that he doesn't want to find out who killed their mother. After he leaves, Jack notices Damian by his described 'big hair' and the brothers get out of the car. When Bobby pulls out his gun, Damian gets spooked and runs inside, getting into the elevator before the brothers can grab him. Bobby and Angel run up the stairs while Jack waits to see what floor the elevator stops at. He yells up the staircase that Damian's on level 6 and Bobby runs ahead to catch up. However, as Damian runs into his apartment, he sends his two rottweilers out which attack Bobby. He fires his gun at them, missing, and suffers bites to his arm and leg. Angel uses a fire extinguisher to repel the dogs and they follow Damian into his apartment. They find that he's taken a rope and rappelled out the window, halfway down the side of the building. Bobby shouts down that they only want to talk but Damian unpockets his gun and fires up at them. Fed up, Bobby cuts the rope, sending Damian crashing to the ground. The three walk calmly outside and find Damian in agonizing pain on the ground. His leg is broken and he can't move. Bobby threatens to leave him there to die unless he gives them information. Damian admits that he was paid off to lie to the police but refuses to tell who the shooters were. Bobby bluffs leaving and Damian cracks, giving the identities of the shooters. Bobby, Angel, and Jack follow his lead to a bar where Jack points out one of the shooters, described with a goatee. Seeing that they're noticed and suspicious, the shooters pull their guns and fire at the brothers before running out of the bar and getting into their El Camino. The brothers run to Bobby's car and give chase through the streets as it begins to snow. Bobby's car takes a beating, skidding on the slick streets and suffering bullet fire from the shooters. However, he manages to maneuver the car to collide it with the Camino, sending it tumbling to a halt. Bobby and Angel get out of the car and tell Jack to stay behind while they confront the shooters. They don't give them the chance to speak, angrily pulling them out of the wreckage and beating them before shooting them dead. Jack watches in shock before Bobby and Angel pull him away and leave together. Green and Fowler investigate the scene the very next morning, concluding the fact that the two men were murdered with purpose. They suspect the Mercers. Back at the house, Sofi is attempting to bandage Bobby's dog bites as Green and Fowler come knocking. Bobby quickly dons a (very effeminate) robe to hide his wounds and Jack answers the door. When Green questions the brothers on their activities, Bobby plays dumb, even when Green presses that it's curious that Evelyn's killers turn up dead execution style. Angel asks how two robbers would turn into contract killers before Green notices blood trickling from Bobby's arm. Bobby defends that he was just playing hockey as Fowler produces an evidence bag with a sample of hair they claim is Bobby's. Bobby laughs it off, saying that's the oldest trick in the book and Angel pokes fun at Fowler, nearly instigating a brawl. Fowler warns the brothers to tread lightly before he and Green leave. Later, Bobby takes Jack with him to have a closer look at Damian's apartment, leaving Angel with a very irritated Sofi. However, when she orders him in the other room, he finds her sitting on top of the washing machine, set to spin. As they get intimate, they are interrupted by a knock at the door. Angel answers it to see an insurance agent (Greg Ellwand) who is delivering news regarding a claim that Jeremiah is to collect. Angel forces Sofi out on the porch while he speaks to the man who reveals that Jeremiah is actually bankrupt and is receiving $400,000 from Evelyn's death. At Damian's apartment, Bobby and Jack discover a cache of guns beneath the mattress. They collect them in a large bag and Jack finds a digital camera that might be useful. They return home where Bobby unloads the guns, wondering how Damian could have gotten them, while Jack looks through the camera. He is shocked to find that the shooters were following Evelyn, taking pictures of her. Jeremiah and Angel walk into the room. Angel throws Jeremiah a suspicious glance as they all see a picture of Evelyn with her lawyer, Mr. Bradford, the day she died. This prompts curiosity, since Bradford said he only met with Evelyn once, and they decide to investigate him next. Meanwhile, at a fancy restaurant downtown, a gang is eating dinner together, including members Charlie (Tony Nappo), Evan (Jernard Burks) and his wife (Stefanie Samuels). Their leader, Victor Sweet (Chiwetel Ejiofor) walks in, clearly irritated. He angrily exclaims that he had asked for out-of-town shooters, not the in-town shooters who are now dead. There would not have been any problems, no investigations, no heat on his back, if the shooters had been from out of town. He quips that you pay out-of-town shooters to go back to where they came from. Evan eats a little while Sweet is talking and this angers Sweet. He empties the plate onto the floor and demands that, if Evan's hungry, he should eat and orders him to eat the food off the floor like a dog. When Evan's wife protests, Sweet demands that she join her husband. That evening, the brothers break into Bradford's home to search for clues. Jack logs onto Bradford's computer and sees in his daily planner that he met up with Evelyn many times. Sofi unexpectedly shows up at the house and honks her car horn, shouting that a robbery is taking place. Bobby yells at Angel to get a leash on her until Bradford arrives home. Bobby confronts him and pushes him in the snow, demanding to know why he would lie to them about Evelyn. Bradford admits that he was romantically involved with Evelyn and they wanted to keep their relationship a secret. Bobby apologizes for roughing him up, assuring Bradford that they only want to find out who killed her, and the brothers leave. The next day, Angel follows Jeremiah around town and watches as he goes into a bank with his check for four hundred grand. Looking further into Jeremiah's financial troubles, he finds that Councilman Douglas (Barry Shabaka Henley) was responsible for closing down Jeremiah's project. He relays this information to Bobby and Jack who decide to follow up on the councilman while Angel continues to follow Jeremiah. Bobby and Jack meet up with Douglas in a parking garage as he is walking to his car, though Douglas dismisses their request to talk to him. As he enters his car, he finds that the seats are drenched in gas. Bobby pours more gasoline over the car as Jack lights his cigarette and yells that he wants to know why Jeremiah's business was shut down and who Douglas answers to. Douglas rolls down his window and gives them a name: Victor Sweet. They leave the councilman and meet Angel in a bowling alley. It turns out Victor Sweet started out small-time a few years back but now pretty much runs Detroit. He has connections in congress, the police department, everywhere. When Bobby asks why they had to meet in a bowling alley, Angel directs them to a few lanes over where Evan is accepting a yellow envelope from Jeremiah. When Jeremiah leaves, the brothers move in and inquire about the envelope. Later, in the car, Bobby sits with tears rolling down his eyes. The envelope had contained a wad of cash. Angel keeps Bobby from acting out as he calls Jeremiah at home and requests to see him the next day. Meanwhile, Douglas goes to the home of Victor Sweet who is playing cards with Evan, Charlie, and other goons. Sweet congratulates Charlie on becoming engaged and offers to show his fiance some useful tricks in bed. Douglas informs Sweet that the Mercer brothers approached him that day. Sweet asks if Douglas gave his name, which Douglas denies, but Sweet sees past the lie. He sends Douglas to the kiddie table where one of the children asks if he's in trouble. Sweet dismisses the women and children and stands loomingly over Douglas before asking for a pistol. At the police station, Green reviews surveillance tapes from the station, following up on something Bradford had mentioned to him when going over his statements, something about a police report filed that Green was initially unaware of. His suspicions are confirmed when he sees that Evelyn stopped by the precinct before she died. What he eventually finds surprises him; Evelyn was greeted by Fowler upon entering the station and he evidently spoke with her for an hour before she left. Fowler made no previous statement that this ever happened. Jeremiah arrives at the Mercer house the next morning and asks his brothers what they found out. Bobby pushes him to the floor and he and Angel tell him that they know about his financial problems and that he is the reason their mom is dead. Jack watches from the sofa as Jeremiah denies everything. He says that the claim he received was an amount that Evelyn put in for his daughters. He fights back, getting off the floor and punching Angel, yelling at him and Bobby for leaving home and leaving him to pay for their mother's bills. Jeremiah wanted to stay legitimate in his business and turned Sweet down when he offered to be a partner in his project. Sweet then pulled strings, making it impossible for Jeremiah to get financial aid. Evelyn tried to help him and this is why he thinks she was killed. As they continue talking, Jack gets up to answer the doorbell. He opens the door to see someone walk away, flipping him the finger and calling his mother a whore before throwing a snowball at him. Jack chases after the assailant, who suddenly turns in the street, shown to be wearing an ominous hockey mask, and shoots Jack in the chest. Jack collapses as Bobby, realizing that Jack is gone, runs out and returns fire with a shotgun. A van pulls up and more hooded men emerge with automatic weapons. They spray the house with gunfire, forcing Bobby back inside, and riddle Jack with more bullets. He crawls to a telephone pole and screams for Bobby. Angel and Bobby use the weapons taken from Damian's apartment to return fire as the bombardment continues resulting in the deaths of more gunmen. Jeremiah retreats to the kitchen as another attacker enters from the back door. Jeremiah stabs this man to death before dropping his knife in horror and leaving, thinking of his family. As Jack cries on the side of the street, Angel runs upstairs to get a better angle on the shooters before they momentarily run out of ammo. Bobby takes this opportunity and throws a brick at one of the men before tackling him. Angel runs downstairs again as the driver of the van goes into reverse and begins to back up into Bobby. Just before he can hit him, Jeremiah rams the van with his own car. They all run over to Jack who begins to choke on blood. Bobby cries, telling Jack to breathe, but Jack struggles and groans one last time before dying. Bobby takes his gun and opens the driver-side door of the van where the driver is moaning in pain. Bobby points the gun at him and demands to know whether Victor Sweet ordered the hit. The gunman nods and when Bobby lowers his gun, mutters 'thank God'. "Thank God? You killed my mother and my brother. Thank Victor Sweet," Bobby says before aiming the gun at the driver and pulling the trigger. The police arrive and Green approaches the brothers, sullen over Jack's death. Bobby becomes angry but Green tells him he has his own problems and is dealing with a dirty cop within his department. Angel asks if it's Fowler, but Green won't openly admit it. He apologizes for Jack's death before leaving, making mention that no charges will be filed against the brothers since they acted in self defense. Green goes to a local bar where Fowler is playing pool. Green confronts Fowler about failing to mention that he'd met with Evelyn but Fowler simply states that he didn't think it was that important. He apologizes when Green says he should have been told regardless and hands him a pool cue to take a shot. Green takes a swing with it and knocks Fowler's legs out from under him, telling him he can't stand dirty cops before removing his gun and badge. Green exits the bar out of the back where his car is parked and Fowler follows him, saying that he forgot to mention one thing. He takes a hidden gun out and shoots Green in the chest, then again multiple times, killing him. He wipes down the gun and tosses it into the alley. He then takes Green's gun and places a call on the car radio for police backup, officer down, as he fires random shots into the air. Both Green and Jack are buried and the brothers return home, unsure of what to do. They know that Fowler was involved in getting Evelyn killed and they reason that Evelyn had tried to file a police report against Sweet for complicating Jeremiah's business. Fowler interjected and, since he works with Sweet, got rid of the file and alerted Sweet who ordered the hit on Evelyn. Bobby discusses killing Fowler but Angel disagrees, saying that a lot of heat would come down on them for killing a cop and they already have a contract out for their lives from Sweet. Jeremiah suddenly comes up with a plan. Jeremiah sends his family away for a few days and Camille makes Bobby promise that nothing will happen to him. Then he goes to Evan's house to propose his plan, knowing he can trust him since they were in a union together. The offer on the table is $400,000 paid to Sweet to remove the hit on their heads. He returns home to tell Bobby and Angel that Sweet took the hook and is planning to meet that very afteroon. This doesn't offer Bobby and Angel much time, but it is agreed that Jeremiah will leave to meet Sweet with the money while Bobby follows. Angel will make sure that Fowler is kept occupied. Angel heads over to Fowler's house immediately and uses a kid (Mathew Peart) practicing baseball to falsely sell candy bars at Fowler's front door while Angel sneaks in the back. Angel takes Fowler by surprise and puts a plastic bag over his head, wrapping it with a belt. He calls Bobby, giving the signal that allows Jeremiah to leave with the money. Fowler manages to tear at the bag at the last moment and is held at gunpoint by Angel. Meanwhile, Sofi arrives at the police station to confess that Angel was talking about killing a cop. This incites a squad to head out to Fowler's house where they set up a perimeter. Fowler revels at the sound of sirens and tells Angel that he's finished. Angel disagrees, stating that he knows Fowler killed his partner. Fowler admits to the crime and says that he could kill the entire police department if Angel was the only witness; no one would believe a Mercer over him. Angel chuckles and reveals that he has a hidden wire on him feeding their entire conversation to a surveillance unit outside. Though this is a bluff, Fowler takes the bait and turns the tables on Angel, bringing him outside as his hostage instead. This confuses the police stationed in front of the house and, when Fowler fires shots at them, they return fire, incapacitating and killing him. Meanwhile, Jeremiah rides with Evan and Charlie to the meeting spot in the middle of a frozen lake. In the distance, he sees Sweet's goons using chainsaws to cut large holes through the ice. Sweet arrives moments later, half surprised to see Jeremiah there. Jeremiah hands over the money and reiterates the terms, that Sweet will lay off him and his brothers, especially seeing as burying a mother and a brother is payment enough. Jeremiah then tells Sweet that he and his brothers came up with a new plan, that the money given to Sweet will be distributed to his mistreated goons instead. Gravely insulted, Sweet orders Evan to hand over a pistol but Evan refuses, reminding Sweet that he was in the union a long time and never missed a meeting. When Sweet threatens that he told Fowler about the meeting, Jeremiah reveals that he won't be coming. Sweet faces off against his goons, asking which one will be man enough to take him down, before he sees a figure walking across the ice towards them. It's Bobby, walking tall and with vengeance in his eyes. Sweet begins to laugh as they remove their coats and begin to fight. Jeremiah and Sweet's goons egg them on as Sweet and Bobby beat each other. Finally, Bobby gets the upper hand and deals a severe blow under Sweet's chin, knocking him out. He tells the others to dump him in the hole. The goons drag Sweet to the edge of the hole in the ice and toss his limp body in the freezing water as Jeremiah and Bobby leave. Jeremiah asks if the cops will give them much flack but Bobby isn't worried, saying that the police love the Mercers. The three brothers are subjected to beatings in their own interrogation rooms as the cops demand to know how it went down with Fowler and what happened to Victor Sweet. The brothers refuse to talk, joking with the cops that all they did the previous night was bed their wives. This does nothing but bring on more severe beatings but the brothers are eventually released, to the relief of Camille and Sofi. By Christmas time, the brothers work hard to bring the Mercer home, still riddled in bullet holes, to its former glory, fixing windows and doorways. Sofi and Camille bring everyone inside for food as Bobby finishes sawing some wood planking. A street hockey puck hits his leg and he returns it to the kids who had been playing behind him. One asks if Evelyn is coming back, to which Bobby says 'no'. He tells them to enjoy their game as he turns to go into the house. Sitting on the front steps, he sees Evelyn crocheting and smiling before she tells Bobby that it's good to see him again. She asks if he will stick around for a while and Bobby smiles and says, "Thinkin' about it, ma. Thinkin' about it." She smiles back at him. Bobby turns his head for one moment and, when he looks back, she is gone. Having made peace, Bobby goes inside to join his family.
tt0159097
Drama,Romance
The story takes place in affluent Grosse Pointe, Michigan, in 1974, as four neighborhood boys reflect on their neighbors, the five Lisbon sisters. Strictly unattainable due to their overprotective, authoritarian parents, Ronald (James Woods) and Sara (Kathleen Turner), the girls: 17-year-old Therese (Leslie Hayman), 16-year-old Mary (A.J. Cook), 15-year-old Bonnie (Chelse Swain), 14-year-old Lux (Kirsten Dunst), and 13-year-old Cecilia (Hanna R. Hall), are the enigma that fill the boys' conversations and dreams. The film begins with the suicide attempt of the youngest sister, Cecilia, as she slits her wrist in a bath. The family therapist Dr. Horniker (Danny DeVito) suggests to Ronald and Sara and Cecilia may have a problem with feeling neglected and says that they should pay more attention to Cecilia and the rest of their children. A few days later, Ronald and Sara throw a chaperoned party at their house which is intended to make Cecilia feel better. Cecilia excuses herself and jumps out her second-floor bedroom window, dying when she impales herself on an iron fence. In the wake of her act, the Lisbon parents begin to watch over their daughters even more closely, further isolating the family from the community and heightening the air of mystery about the Lisbon family and what they are really about. At the beginning of the new school year in the fall, Lux forms a secret relationship with Trip Fontaine (Josh Hartnett), the school heartthrob. Trip comes over one night to the Lisbon residence to watch television and persuades Mr. Lisbon to allow him to take Lux to the Homecoming Dance by promising to provide dates for the other sisters, to go as a group. Mr. Lisbon agrees as well as volunteers to be one of the chaperones. After being crowned Homecoming Queen and King, Lux and Trip have sex on the football field. Lux falls asleep, and Trip abandons her immediately. Lux wakes up alone and has to take a taxi home. Having broken curfew, Lux and her sisters are punished by a furious Mrs. Lisbon by being taken out of school and sequestered in their house. Unable to leave the house, the sisters contact the boys across the street by using light signals and sharing songs over the phone as a means of sharing their feelings. During this time, Lux begins to have anonymous sexual encounters on the roof of the house late at night; the boys watch from across the street. Finally, after months of confinement, the sisters leave a note for the boys, presumably asking for help to escape. When the boys arrive that night, they find Lux alone in the living room, smoking a cigarette. She invites them to wait for her sisters, while she goes to wait in the car. The boys briefly imagine the group of them driving blissfully away on a sun-soaked country road. The boys wander into the basement and discover Bonnie's body hanging from the ceiling. Terrified, they rush upstairs only to stumble across the bodies of the remaining sisters. They had all killed themselves in an apparent suicide pact moments before: Therese took an overdose of sleeping pills; Mary stuck her head in the gas oven; and Lux left the car engine running in the sealed garage. Devastated by the suicides of all their children, Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon quietly flee the neighborhood in the middle of the night, never to return. Mr. Lisbon calls a friend to sell off the family belongings, especially those belonging to the girls, in a yard sale; whatever didn't sell was put in the trash, including the family photos, which the neighborhood boys kept as mementos of the mysterious girls. Soon after, a young couple from Boston purchases the Lisbon's house. Seemingly unsure how to react, the adults in the community go about their lives as if nothing important happened. Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon were never seen or heard of again. People in the community to this day talk as if the Lisbon family never existed. The five dead girls forever remain a source of mystery and grief for the boys, who cannot forget them. The film ends with one of the boys acknowledging in voice-over that they will spend the rest of their lives trying to put together the unsolvable mystery of the Lisbon sisters and why they choose to commit suicide.
tt1045658
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Pat Solitano (Bradley Cooper), who has bipolar disorder, is released from a mental health facility into the care of his parents after eight months of treatment. He learns that his wife, Nikki (Brea Bee), has moved away and his father, Pat Sr. (Robert De Niro), is out of work and resorting to bookmaking to earn money to start a restaurant. Pat is determined to get his life back on track and reconcile with Nikki, who obtained a restraining order against him after the violent episode that sent him away. While talking to his court-mandated therapist Dr. Patel (Anupam Kher), Pat explains again why he was hospitalized. Coming home early from his high school teaching job, he found Nikki in their shower, having sex with another teacher, as Pat and Nikki's wedding song, Stevie Wonder's "My Cherie Amour," played on their stereo. Enraged, he nearly beat the man to death. Despite this, Pat doesn't believe he needs medication to manage his condition. At dinner with his friend Ronnie, he meets Ronnie's sister-in-law, Tiffany Maxwell (Jennifer Lawrence), a young widow and recovering sex addict who also just lost her job. Pat and Tiffany develop an odd friendship through their shared neuroses and he sees an opportunity to communicate with Nikki through her. Tiffany offers to deliver a letter to Nikki, if in return he will be her partner in an upcoming dance competition. He reluctantly agrees and the two begin a rigorous practice regimen over the following weeks. Pat believes the competition will be a good way to show Nikki he has changed and become a better man. Tiffany gives Pat a typed reply from Nikki, in which she cautiously hints there may be a chance for a reconciliation between them. Things go well for Pat until his father asks him to attend an Eagles game he has bet virtually all of his money on, as a "good-luck charm". Pat skips practice with Tiffany to attend the game, but is dragged into a fight and hauled away by police. The Eagles lose the game and Pat Sr. is furious. Tiffany arrives, berates Pat and argues in detail that the way she "reads the signs," Pat Sr. was luckier when Pat was practicing with her. Pat Sr. makes a parlay with his gambling friend that if the Eagles win their game against Dallas, and if Pat and Tiffany score at least a 5 out of 10 in their dance competition, he will win back double the money he lost on the first bet. Pat is reluctant to participate in the dance contest under those conditions and re-reads Nikki's letter. After noticing that a phrase Tiffany had uttered recurs in the letter supposedly written by Nikki, he realizes that Nikki's letter had been forged by Tiffany. Pat, Tiffany and everyone else arrive at the competition on the night of the football game. Tiffany is horrified to discover that Nikki is in the audience. Upset that Pat may win Nikki back and that she will lose him, Tiffany goes to the bar and has two vodkas. A frantic Pat spots her and manages to coax her onto the dance floor and they perform their routine. As they dance, the Eagles win their game and at the conclusion of their set they score exactly 5 points. Amid cheers from his family and confused looks from the crowd, Pat approaches Nikki and speaks quietly into her ear. Tiffany storms off. Pat leaves Nikki behind after only a short conversation, intent on finding Tiffany. He chases after her and tells her he knows she forged Nikki's letter. He confesses he has loved her from the moment he met her but has taken a long time to realize it and they kiss. They become a couple and Pat Sr. opens a restaurant with the money he has won.
tt0393162
Biography,Drama,Sport
Coach Ken Carter (Jackson) takes over the head coaching job for the Oilers basketball team at his old high school Richmond, having played on the team himself, earning unbeaten records. Carter quickly learns that the athletes are rude and disrespectful, and are in need of discipline. He hands the players individual contracts, instructing them to attend all of their classes, wear dress shirts and ties on game days, refer to everyone (players and coach alike) as "sir", and maintain a minimum 2.3 (C+) grade point average, among other requirements. He also teaches them to play a disciplined brand of basketball which includes an emphasis on fundamentals, execution, defense, and conditioning. Carter also asks the school staff for progress reports on the players' attendance. However, three players including Timo Cruz (Rick Gonzalez) refuse to follow the contract and quit the team. Carter's son Damien (Robert Andrew Richard) later decides to join the team, after quitting the private school St. Francis to play for his father. Teammate Kenyon Stone (Rob Brown) struggles to come to terms with his girlfriend Kyra (Ashanti) being pregnant; unsure if he can juggle basketball and aspire for college. Later, Cruz makes a valiant effort to rejoin the basketball team after watching them perform at a game in an inspiring victory and also after witnessing his only family member- who happens to be his cousin (a drug dealer)- shot one night in the streets, which Carter accepts. The team goes on to post an undefeated record eventually winning a seasonal basketball tournament. However, Carter later discovers the progress reports filled out by the faculty reveal some of the students have been skipping classes and floundering academically. Carter initiates a lockdown on the gym, banning the team from playing until they improve their grades. The act angers the locals, as Carter is criticized by parents and academic personnel alike. The school board eventually confronts Carter, who justifies his actions, explaining he wants to give his team the opportunity and option to learn good values, which is far more important for the students' futures than winning basketball games. Although, the national media praises Carter for his commitment to this priority, the school board, aside from Principal Garrison (Dowse) and the chairman, vote to end the lockout, much to Carter's dismay. Just when Carter is about to quit in disgust (after promising to do so if they vote to end the lockout), he is shocked to find his players in the gym with desks and teachers studying and working to bring their grades back up. The athletes decide to fulfill Carter's original intention of pursuing academic achievement before continuing to play their next game, with one explaining that the school board can force an end to the lockout, but the players can't be forced to play. They work hard in the classroom, study after school during practice time, and eventually raise their grade point average to a point that fulfills their end of the contracts they signed. The Oilers eventually end up competing in the regional high school playoffs, but ultimately lose to St. Francis. Nonetheless, Carter is proud that the players accomplished their goal of attaining a proper education with athletics. The film's epilogue displays a series of graphics stating that a number of players went on to attend college furthering their study.
tt0084516
Horror,Thriller
In the suburban housing development of Cuesta Verde, California, the homes are modern and comfortable. Steve Freeling (Craig T. Nelson) is a successful real estate agent who works for a firm headed up by Teague (James Karen), a developer. Steve lives in one of the Cuesta Verde homes with his wife, Diane (JoBeth Williams), and their three children: teenage Dana (Dominique Dunne) and preteen youngsters Robbie (Oliver Robbins) and Carol Anne (Heather O'Rourke). Strange events begin to occur when Carol Anne begins sleepwalking and carries on a seemingly one-sided conversation with a TV set that's turned on but has no signal. Soon thereafter her pet bird dies, and the family conducts a small burial service. Later that night, Carol Anne awakens again and talks to the television, while a spectral manifestation erupts from the television screen and enters the walls, causing an earthquake that only the Freelings feel. As the family wakes up, Carol Anne mysteriously announces, "They're here." The next morning, glasses inexplicably break at breakfast, and forks bend by themselves. When Diane asks Carol Anne who she meant when she said "they're here," she answers, "The TV people." At first the ghosts play harmless tricks and amuse the mother, including moving and stacking the kitchen table chairs. Diane and Carol Anne discover an area in the kitchen where an unseen force will pull anything, including people, across the floor. Of course, Diane must convince Steve that night by showing him. He then announces that "Nobody's goin' in the kitchen until I know what's happening." During a terrible thunderstorm, a gnarled tree outside the kids' bedroom window suddenly comes to life and grabs Robbie (Oliver Robins), Carol Anne's brother, through a window. However, this is merely a distraction used by the ghosts to get Carol Anne's parents to leave her alone. Using a force like a wind tunnel, they take Carol Anne through her bedroom closet into their dimension. Steve rescues Robbie, and the family believes that a tornado caused the trouble, until they realize that they can't find Carol Anne. They search the entire house including the pit for the new swimming pool until Robbie hears Carol Anne through the TV. Steve meets with a small group of parapsychologists from UC Irvine, stating that "We just want you to find our little girl." Dr. Lesh (Beatrice Straight), Ryan (Richard Lawson), and Marty (Martin Casella) are awestruck by the manifestations they witness. With the parapsychologists present, Steve shows them things they've never before seen. He opens the door to the children's room to reveal toys and other objects flying around by themselves and disembodied laughing voices reverberating throughout the room. Previously, Ryan described a Matchbox car taking seven hours to move seven feet, calling it "fantastic. Of course, this would never register on the naked eye." After they see the Freelings' house, they are all humbled. Over coffee (and a coffee urn that moves by itself), the parapsychologists explain to the Freelings the difference between a poltergeist and a haunting. They determine that indeed, it is a poltergeist they are experiencing. The group witnesses several paranormal episodes where they hear Carol Anne talking to Diane through the TV, see spirits, and hear the pounding footsteps of some terrible force, which subsequently injures Marty. Marty also suffers a terrifying hallucination where he seems to tear off his own face. The parapsychologists leave, with the exception of Ryan, admitting they need more help. Shaken and overwhelmed, Dana leaves to stay with friends. The Freelings also send Robbie to his grandmother's house for his safety. Later that day, Steve has a conversation with his boss, Teague, about a new housing project going up. They talk about how Steve's company has built over cemeteries in the past, even where the Freelings live now. Whenever the company needed land to build or expand housing communities, they'd move the cemeteries, coffins, headstones and all. Teague shows Steve a new housing development the company is building not far from where the Freelings live. As the two walk by a hillside cemetery, Teague tells Steve that he can have a new house right in that spot, with a large bay window overlooking the valley. Steve remarks that the house can't simply be built over a cemetery. Teague tells Steve that the company has moved whole cemeteries before: the coffins were dug up and moved, along with their headstones, to new locations nearby. Teague then reveals that much of Cuesta Verde was built on the location of one of these relocated cemeteries. Steve seems quite astonished at the news, stating that "that's sacrilegious." When the parapsychologists return, they bring a spiritual medium, Tangina Barrons (Zelda Rubinstein), a tiny woman who uses her psychic sensitivity to ascertain facts about the disturbances. Tangina tells them that Carol Anne is "alive and in this house." According to Tangina, the spirits haunting the home have left this life but have not gone into the spectral "Light." They are stuck in between dimensions, watching their loved ones grow up, but feeling alone, causing them to feel lonely and even angry. Carol Anne was born in the house and has strongest connection to it. Only 5 years old, she gives off her own life force that is as bright as the Light. It distracts and confuses the spirits, who think Carol Anne is their salvation. Hence, they have taken her. However, Tangina also warns everyone that a malevolent spirit also exists in the next dimension. It likes that the spirits are confused and lost, and uses Carol Anne as a distraction so they cannot move on into the Light. Tangina says "it lies to her and tells her things only a child can understand. To her, it simply is another child. To us, it is the Beast." They realize the entrance to the other dimension is through the children's bedroom closet. Tangina tests the dimensional portal with a few tennis balls that drop through the living room ceiling below the kids' closet. By tying a rope around a live person who can enter, and presumably exit the other side, with enough time to grab Carol Anne, they could bring her back. Tangina intends to be the one to go into the light, but Diane insists, saying that Carol Anne will only come to her mother. With the rope around her waist, Diane goes into the portal and Tangina coaxes the agonized spirits away from Carol Anne to the real Light. While Tangina is in her trance-like state telling the lost spirits to cross over into the Light, Steve panics and pulls on the rope, meeting the Beast face-to-face. Diane falls through the living room ceiling clutching Carol Anne and bearing new streaks of grey hair, presumably from fright; both Diane and Carol Anne are also covered in ectoplasm. After Steve revives both of them in the upstairs bathtub, Tangina pronounces that "this house is clean." Unfortunately, though the spirits have seemingly moved on, the Beast hasn't, and wants revenge. On their final night in the house, Steve leaves Diane alone with the children so he can go and talk to Teague, who presumably is trying to get Steve to reconsider leaving. While Robbie and Carol Anne are getting ready for bed, Robbie's clown doll comes to life and pulls him under the bed. Diane, relaxing in the master bedroom, hears her son's screaming voice and tries to investigate, but is pulled against the wall and ceiling by an unseen force. Robbie manages to rip the clown doll to pieces but a strange, mouth-like portal appears in Carol Anne's closet and attempts to suck the children in. Diane tries to get to her son and daughter but runs into the Beast itself, in the form of a snarling, skeletal demon. It blocks Carol Anne's and Robbie's door and lunges at her, causing her to fall down the stairs. Diane runs to the backyard to seek help from her next-door neighbors, but slips into the freshly-dug swimming pool. A rainstorm has filled it with rain and mud, and as Diane tries to escape, coffins begin erupting from the earth, releasing skeletal corpses into the pool. Her neighbors hear the commotion and arrive to help Diane out of the pool, but they refuse to enter the house with its windows now blazing with ghostly energy. Diane runs back into the house alone to get Robbie and Carol Anne. She finds Carol Anne and Robbie barely able to fight the energy that tries to suck them into the portal; they dangle from their bed frames, hanging on only by their hands, while their feet sway toward the closet door. Diane manages to pull them to safety and they run from the house. Coffins and bodies begin exploding out of the ground throughout the house. Steve pulls up in his car with Teague as a passenger, and they both see the dead bodies erupting from the ground. Steve recalls the earlier conversation he had with Teague, where Teague revealed that Cuesta Verde was built over the site of a relocated cemetery. It is now obvious that Teague never really relocated the cemetery, he simply built the housing development over top of the graves after moving only the headstones. Realizing this truth, Steve rebukes him in anger. Dana arrives in her boyfriend's car and is hysterical over what is happening to the house. The Freelings get into Steve's station wagon and they drive off. The Beast grows so angry that the house implodes through the portal into the other dimension as stunned neighbors (including Teague) look on. The weary family checks into a hotel for the night. Not wishing to tempt fate, Steve pushes the television set outside their room.
tt0164184
Action,Drama,Thriller
The story opens during the 1973 Yom Kippur War. Egyptian and Syrian forces are on the verge of defeating Israel. As a last-ditch precautionary measure, a nuclear-armed A-4 Skyhawk is launched to ensure that Israeli ground forces are not completely overrun. The fighter jet is engaged by a Syrian surface-to-air missile battery and shot down. Among the widely scattered wreckage littering the barren desert below is an intact nuke, burrowed deep into the crater left by the crashing debris. Fast-forward 29 years to 2002. US President J. Robert Fowler (James Cromwell) and his national security team are at Mt. Weather, Virginia participating in a nuclear war drill. After the drill, the President dispatches CIA Director William Cabot (Morgan Freeman) on an inspection tour of Russian nuclear sites according to the terms of the START arms treaty. At CIA headquarters in Langley, Virginia, young analyst Jack Ryan (Ben Affleck) is part of a group watching current video of Russian President Zorkin and sarcastically commenting on his recent weight gain. Simultaneously, a shadowy Neo-Nazi group is meeting in Vienna. Their leader, Richard Dressler (Alan Bates) laments the impotence of modern Europe in the face of global dominance by the United States and Russia. On the Golan Heights, an Arab scrap metal dealer is excavating the Israeli plane crash site from 1973. He strikes a hard object a few feet below the ground and realizes it is some type of bomb. Thinking it valuable, he and his helper carefully finish uncovering the weapon and use a hoist to lift it onto their truck. The next morning, Jack Ryan is lazing in bed with girlfriend Dr. Cathy Muller (Bridget Moynihan) when he receives an emergency phone call summoning him to Langley. President Zorkin has dropped dead of an apparent heart attack and has been quickly succeeded by Alexander Nemerov (Ciaran Hinds). As Ryan hurriedly dresses, his girlfriend wonders aloud what would constitute an emergency for a "historian." Arriving at CIA headquarters, Ryan is collared by Director Cabot and hustled into a meeting. As part of his analyst job, Ryan had previously prepared an intelligence estimate on Nemerov. Cabot unexpectedly orders Ryan to accompany him on the trip to Russia. In the desert, an international arms dealer named Olson (Colm Feore) meets with the Arab scrap metal merchant and quickly recognizes the type of bomb he sees before him. He tells the Arab that the bomb is worthless, but offers to give him $400 for it since the man lost a son in the war. Once in possession of the weapon, Olson contacts Dressler and offers to sell him the bomb for $50 million. After a brief meeting in Moscow with Nemerov, Ryan and Talbot inspect a Russian nuclear site. Ryan shrewdly notices that three top nuclear scientists are absent from the facility. When questioned by Ryan, the Russian host gives a pat and unsatisfactory explanation. Cabot comments that if someone wanted to build a clandestine nuke, the missing scientists are the exact three they would need. Returning to Washington, Ryan is invited by Cabot to attend a black-tie gala at a posh hotel where President Fowler is speaking. Ryan and Cathy are thoroughly enjoying the evening until the President's speech is interrupted by aides who quickly whisk him away from the podium. A good percentage of the attendees also stand and exit. Ryan and Cabot hurry back to the White House situation room where they learn that Russian forces have shelled the breakaway province of Chechnya with chemical weapons, inflicting massive casualties. Those in the room debate the proper US response, eventually favoring some form of diplomatic recognition for the Chechens. Ryan speaks up and suggests that President Nemerov had nothing to do with the attack, that a separate hardline faction may have acted without his approval. Ryan's hypothesis falls flat with the others in attendance. After the meeting, Ryan finds a TV in another room and watches Nemerov give a conventional hardline speech justifying Russia's actions. After the speech, however, Nemerov boards an elevator in the Kremlin and angrily queries a senior advisor about the source of the chemical attack. He learns that hardline generals in the military acted on their own, just as Ryan had suggested. Nemerov issues orders to make the generals quietly disappear. In Vienna, Dressler's group meets to discuss their plan for the future of Europe. Dressler is seeking to provoke a nuclear confrontation between the United States and Russia. With the centers of capitalism and communism destroyed, fascism can arise once more in Europe. When one of the men expresses his doubts about the strategy, he is strangled to death. In the meantime, a CIA operative named John Clark (Liev Schreiber) has been dispatched to Russia to investigate the disappearance of the three nuclear scientists. He manages to pinpoint an abandoned Soviet military base in the Ukraine where the men might be working. Cabot sends Ryan to assist him and they manage to penetrate the compound, which shows no signs of current activity. Once inside, they discover that the entire nuclear team has been murdered. There is also clear evidence of nuclear weapons activity, but it looks as if the finished product has already been crated and shipped. Ryan asks a colleague at Langley to track down recent shipping activity from the area, and he reports that a large crate was indeed picked up and sent from Kiev to its final destination by air and sea. That destination was the port of Baltimore. At a dockside warehouse, one of Dressler's true believers uses a forklift to load the refrigerator-sized crate onto a pickup truck. The deadly cargo is delivered beneath Baltimore's NFL football stadium, where it is uncrated and revealed to be a cigarette vending machine with a small nuclear weapon concealed inside. President Fowler is scheduled to attend a game at the stadium later in the day. Ryan calls Cabot to warn him about the threat, not realizing that he is attending the football game with the President. Boarding a helicopter for Baltimore, Ryan keeps trying to get through and finally reaches Cabot. Cabot suddenly realizes with horror that the stadium is the likely target. The President is immediately hustled out and his motorcade speeds away from the stadium, but they are unable to outrun the shock wave from the exploding nuke. The Presidential motorcade is blasted off the highway as Ryan's helicopter is also knocked to the ground. Military rescue personnel retrieve the slightly-injured President from his limousine and put him aboard Air Force One. A stunned Ryan is able to escape from the wreckage of the helicopter. In the distance, he sees a mushroom cloud forming over Baltimore. He can only hope that Cathy is safe. As the President tries to sort things out aboard Air Force One and Nemerov tries to maintain a safe distance from the tragedy, a corrupt Russian Air Force general in the pay of Dressler tells a squadron of his Backfire bomber pilots that the US has attacked Moscow. He orders an attack on a US aircraft carrier in the North Sea. The Backfires launch a salvo of cruise missiles at the ship, destroying the conning tower and one of the elevators. President Fowler orders a retaliatory strike by F-16s against the Russian airbase from which the Backfires were launched. The US and Russia teeter on the edge of nuclear war, just as Dressler had hoped. Each escalation by one side is matched by the other. Convinced that Nemerov didn't order the attack, Ryan urgently requests a soil sample from the blast site. An analysis conclusively proves that the plutonium came from a US nuclear processing facility, not Russia. Ryan manages to locate the mortally injured William Cabot, who suggests that he enlist the help of John Clark in tracing the bomb's origin. Cabot then expires and Ryan, before leaving, takes a plastic bag holding Cabot's effects. Clark, in the Middle East, learns that the plutonium was provided to Israel in 1968. He tracks down the Arab scrap metal dealer, who is dying of radiation sickness. The man tells him that he sold the bomb to Olson, the arms dealer. A CIA hacker is able to penetrate Olson's computer and link him to Dressler. Racing against time as missile silos are opened and strategic bombers are launched, Ryan gets a policeman to drive him to the Pentagon. Using Bill Cabot's pass card, Ryan makes it into the National Military Command Center. He convinces an Air Force General to send a message directly to Nemerov, explaining Dressler's plot and begging him to stand down. Only thirty seconds before missile launch, Nemerov backs away from Armageddon. A few weeks later, as Presidents Fowler and Nemerov are signing a new arms reduction treaty, a series of actions around the world avenge the unforgivable plot that nearly led to WW III. In Damascus, John Clark enters Olson's apartment and slits the arms dealer's throat. In a snowy Russian forest, KGB assassins run the rogue Air Force general to ground and shoot him. And in Vienna, as a panicked Dressler tries to escape his fate, a bomb destroys his car in a fiery blast.
tt0112471
Drama,Romance
The film starts with Jesse meeting Cline on a train from Budapest and striking up a conversation with her. Jesse is going to Vienna to catch a flight back to the United States, whereas Cline is returning to university in Paris after visiting her grandmother. When they reach Vienna, Jesse convinces Cline to disembark with him, saying that 10 or 20 years down the road, she might not be happy with her marriage and might wonder how her life would have been different if she had picked another guy, and this is a chance to realize that he himself is not that different from the rest; in his words, he is "the same boring, unmotivated guy." Jesse has to catch a flight early in the morning and does not have enough money to rent a room for the night, so they decide to roam around in Vienna. After visiting a few landmarks in Vienna, they share a kiss at the top of the Riesenrad ferris wheel at sunset and start to feel a romantic connection. As they continue to roam around the city, they begin to talk more openly with each other, with conversations ranging from topics about love, life, religion, and their observations of the city. Cline tells Jesse that her last boyfriend broke up with her six months ago, claiming that she "loved him too much". When questioned, Jesse reveals he had initially come to Europe to spend time with his girlfriend who was studying in Madrid, but they had broken up when she was avoiding him while he was there. He decided to take a cheap flight out of Europe, out of Vienna, but it didn't leave for two weeks so he bought a Eurail pass and traveled around Europe. When they are walking alongside a canal they are approached by a man who, instead of begging, offers to write them a poem with a word of their choice in it. Jesse and Cline decide on the word "milkshake", and are soon presented with the poem Delusion Angel (written for the film by the poet David Jewell). In a cafe, Jesse and Cline stage fake phone conversations with each other, playing each others' friends they pretend to call. Cline reveals that she was ready to get off the train with Jesse before he convinced her. Jesse reveals that after he broke up with his girlfriend, he bought a flight that really wasn't much cheaper, and all he really wanted was an escape from his life. They admit their attraction to each other and how the night has made them feel, though they understand that they probably won't see each other again when they leave. They simply decide to make the best of what time they have left, ending the night with the implication of a sexual encounter between them. At that point, Jesse explains that if given the choice, he'd marry her instead of never seeing her again. The film ends the next day at the train station, where the two hastily agree to meet together at the same place in six months as the train is about to leave.
tt0086034
Action,Adventure,Thriller
The pre-title teaser takes place in an unidentified Latin American country: James Bond infiltrates a military airbase in order to plant a bomb on a secret radar system, however he is quickly captured by the same officer that he impersonates. As his captors drive him off the base, Bond's female assistant distracts the guards enough for the agent to escape. Using an Acrostar mini-jet, Bond attempts to fly out of the country. A missile is launched from a nearby battery and streaks towards his plane. Bond is unable to outmaneuver the missile at first but is able to lure it into the aircraft hangar where he'd previously failed to destroy the radar system: he flies straight through it, trapping the missile inside and destroying the hangar. As he streaks away, Bond sees that he is nearly out of fuel. He lands near a gas station and cheerfully asks the attendant to "Fill her up, please." In East Germany a clown is fleeing a circus, with two knife-throwing twins in pursuit. As he tries to escape at a border crossing into West Germany, one of the twins hits him in the back with a throwing knife and he falls into a river and is washed away. The man survives the attack and stumbles into the British embassy. He crashes through a glass door and falls dead, a jeweled egg rolling from his hand. In London, Bond reports to his MI6 superior, M, who tells him about the recovered egg which was made by Carl Faberge for the Russian royal family. M informs Bond that the egg is a very elaborately constructed fake and that the real egg is up for auction at Sotheby's that day. He also informs Bond that the man who turned up dead in East Berlin was Agent 009. M remarks that they don't have much to go on. Bond says they do have one lead; a comment in the Sotheby's program that says "The Property of a Lady." In a situation room somewhere in the USSR, a group of Soviet officers and state officials meet about the current peace and disarmament talks between themselves and the rest of Western Europe. A combative General, Orlov, presents a plan to the committee where he would lead a fast incursion with tank divisions into Western Europe through Eastern Germany and Czechoslovakia. Orlov's belief is that the disarmament talks are weakening the Soviet army's numerical advantage. The plan is dismissed by the rest of the committee as far too extreme. Orlov sulks and receives a message to report to the Ministry of Antiquities. When he arrives, he gets the news about the stolen egg. He orders one of the twins who killed 009 to have the real egg purchased. Back in London, Bond attends the auction with MI6s antiquities expert and, during the tense bidding for the egg where Bond himself drives up the price, switches the fake for the authentic one. The bidder who wins the egg is a wealthy Afghani exile named Kamal Khan. Bond follows him to Delhi in India. Bond goes to his hotel's nightclub to meet Khan socially. Khan seems unbeatable in backgammon until Bond steps up and wagers the authentic egg. Bond exposes Khan's method of cheating; he uses loaded dice, which Bond deftly seizes and uses to his own advantage, winning a large sum of money in the bargain. As he reports to MI6's safe house, he is attacked by Khan's henchmen, one of them is his personal bodyguard, the turbaned giant, Gobinda. Bond and his Indian Secret Service contact, Vijay, evade his pursuers during a furious chase through a bazaar and finds himself in Q's lab. Q plants a tracking device on the egg and synchs it to Bond's wristwatch. He also gives Bond a Walther P5 pistol to replace his PPK lost during the chase and a fountain pen containing a powerful acid that can dissolve any metal. Later, at his hotel, Bond meets another of Khan's operatives, a beautiful woman named Magda, who tells Bond he may trade the egg for his life. Bond sleeps with her, knowing she'll steal the egg. While they're in bed, Bond notices she has an elaborate tattoo of a blue-ringed octopus. Magda escapes Bond's room and is picked up by Khan. Gobinda appears and hits Bond, rendering him unconscious. Bond awakes in Khan's palace and Gobinda informs him that he will attend dinner at 8pm. At the meal, Bond asks why he's being held captive when Khan already has the egg. Khan intends to torture Bond to find out what he knows and which British agency he is working for. Following dinner, Bond escapes from his room by dissolving the bars on his window with the pen Q gave him and makes his way to the lower chambers of the palace where he finds Khan meeting with Orlov. However, the details about the egg are still unclear but it appears to be a form of payment. He also hears the name of a East German city, Karl-Marx-Stadt. Orlov orders Khan to eliminate Bond. Not knowing that Kamal has the real egg, Orlov smashes it with the butt of his pistol, thinking it was the fake. Kamal notices the tiny tracking device and orders Gobinda to bring Bond to him. When Khan finds out that Bond has escaped his confinement, Khan orders a hunting party formed. Bond is able to evade them and the dangers of the nearby jungle. Bond reports to Q who supplies him with a motorized fake alligator which allows him to infiltrate the mysterious floating palace, inhabited only by beautiful women and their secretive leader. He finds a woman, Octopussy, who leads the Octopus Cult, women who are assassins and thieves, who pose as circus performers. She and Bond actually share a connection; her father was a thief whom Bond had tracked years before, however, before Bond could arrest the man, he killed himself and the gold the man had looted was never found. Khan himself suddenly appears, saying that Bond had escaped, however, Octopussy tells Khan that the agent is staying with her. Khan leaves, silently furious at the turn of events. He hires a small group of assassins to infiltrate Octopussy's compound, stressing that Octopussy herself is not to be harmed. Before the assassins make it to the island, they kill Vijay, who'd been on stakeout nearby. Bond snoops around Octopussy's private study and finds a flyer for her circus. She walks in the room and tells Bond she'll be going away for a week. Bond suspects that Octopussy will be going to Karl-Marx-Stadt with Khan. He and Octopussy quarrel a bit when Bond says he may not be there when she returns. The two make love; while in bed together they are attacked by Kamal's assassins. Bond and Octopussy thwart them all, however Bond is forced out a window and into the river. He appears to be eaten by an alligator, however it is the same false one he used to infiltrate the palace. Returning to the stakeout point where Q and Bond's Indian contact, Vijay, had been waiting for him, Bond finds Q with the murdered Vijay. Before he died, Vijay confided in Q that he was attacked by Kamal's men. Bond tells Q to contact M and inform him that he'll be traveling to Karl-Marx-Stadt. Bond travels to West Berlin to meet with M on the situation. From there, Bond travels into East Germany and secretly attends Octopussy's circus. The next day, Bond poses as a circus employee where he soon discovers that the Faberge egg is part of a cache of priceless jewelry being used to pay Orlov for a stolen Soviet nuclear bomb that will be detonated on the American airbase at Feldstadt in West Germany. The nuclear explosion is planned to look like an accident by the United States - the bomb will be housed in the cannon from the human cannonball stunt in the show, which will also make smuggling it over the East/West German border easier. Orlov hopes that NATO will order nuclear disarmament throughout Europe following the "accident" so that he may make his lightning armored strike through the Iron Curtain and invade Western Europe. Meanwhile, the fake jewelry has already been delivered by Orlov to the Moscow Ministry of Antiquities to take the place of the stolen items. Orlov's superior, General Gogol, having discovered that the jewelry in Moscow is bogus, immediately departs for the East-West German border to apprehend Orlov. Bond is able to find the train car with the cannon where the jewelry is also hidden for smuggling purposes. The jewelry is being removed from one cannon and being placed into another - Khan and Orlov have been working together to double-cross Octopussy from the beginning. Bond finds one of the twin knife-throwers making the switch and kills him, hiding the body in the cannon's barrel and donning his clothes. Bond interrogates Orlov when the latter arrives to inspect the work, finding out his plan for conquering Europe. Bond is forced to retreat when Soviet guards come to aid Orlov and he steals Orlov's car. During a brief chase, the tires on Orlov's car are shredded and Bond drives onto the train tracks in pursuit of the train itself. He manages to board the train with Orlov in pursuit. Bond hides in the cannon car inside a gorilla suit. The train is stopped at the West/East German border and the border guards from both countries search the train, finding neither Bond in the gorilla suit or the bomb in the stage cannon. When the train resumes, Orlov drives to the border and attempts to flee on the train by chasing after it on foot. When he crosses the border illegally, the border guards open fire and fatally wound him until Gogol arrives. Standing before the dying Orlov, Gogol ridicules him as being a nothing but a "common thief", but with his last breath Orlov vows to be made Hero of the Soviet Union by tomorrow. On the train, now traveling through West Germany, Bond witnesses Khan and Gobinda arming the bomb by setting a timer to detonate it in four hours at 3:45 pm when the stage cannon will be used. Gobinda hears a clang in the room caused by Bond, who narrowly escapes being beheaded by Gobinda. He follows Bond to the roof of the train where they battle briefly. The brother of the twin that Bond killed finds them both but realizes that Bond is not his brother. The two fall off the train together, Bond being pursued by the twin - Bond kills the man and now finds himself lagging behind the train. He hitches a ride with a German couple, then steals a woman's car and drives to the airbase at Feldstadt with the local police in pursuit. Bond forces his way onto the base, chased by security guards. Bond trades the twin's clothing for a clown suit and goes in search of the cannon. Bond immediately runs to the base commander, who is sitting with Octopussy at the performance. Khan and Gobinda have already stolen out of the tent to clear the blast area, leaving Octopussy behind. Bond tells the commander that the bomb is about to go off and pleads with Octopussy to back him up, showing her some of the fake jewelry. Failing that, Bond returns to the cannon to open the box and disarm the bomb. Though Bond is restrained by security, Octopussy is convinced and uses a guard's gun to open the lock on the box which exposes the bomb. The base commander gives Bond time to disarm the bomb, which he does, removing the detonator just seconds before it activates. Octopussy asks Magda where Khan went, she tells her he went back to India. Both Bond and Octopussy separately follow Khan to his palace in Delhi. Octopussy uses her women followers as commandos to infiltrate the palace and subdue Khan's men. Octopussy finds Khan herself but is captured. Khan retreats to a waiting plane and takes off. Bond manages to grab hold of the plane's exterior and refuses to be thrown off by Khan. Khan sends Gobinda out to deal with Bond but Bond is able to throw him off the craft to his death. Bond next disables the tail mechanisms, sending the plan plummeting towards earth. Bond is able to find Octopussy inside the plane and the two jump to safety just before the plane crashes into a cliff, killing Khan. Back in London, M meets with Gogol, who wishes to congratulate Bond personally for stopping Orlov. M says that Bond is still in India, recovering from varying injuries. In truth, Bond is fine and spends a romantic evening with Octopussy aboard her yacht.
tt0088258
Comedy,Music
Neophyte director Marty DiBergi (Rob Reiner) presents this "rockumentary" showcasing the North American tour of aging rockers Spnal Tap. Band members David St. Hubbins (Michael McKean), Nigel Tufnel (Christopher Guest), and Derick Smalls (Harry Shearer) form the core of the group, with a keyboardist, Mick Shrimpton (RJ Parnell) and various drummers dying over the years in freak accidents or through spontaneous human combustion. The band is set to promote their new record, "Smell the Glove," featuring a degrading photograph of a woman in bondage smelling a glove. Their first gig is a huge success selling out New York City's Madison Square Garden. Before the tour begins their promoter holds a huge party for the band as they've successfully completed their latest record "Smell The Glove". The record company CEO toasts Spinal Tap's success by "Tapping Into The Millennium", which coincidentally is the name of their tour. Next they're being interviewed by Marty DiBergi. We learn the history of Spinal Tap from the beginning of the band's origins through the present day. It seems that they've gone through a number of lineup changes and drummers - one spontaneously combusted while another choked on vomit, which was not his own. Spinal Tap is being transported to their next gig, and to pass the time they're reading the autobiography of Rat Pack member Sammy Davis Jr.. The limo driver has a one-sided conversation with them about Frank Sinatra's history. The next song being played is their smash hit single "Big Bottom", which features the three lead members all playing bass guitars. We also learn how Spinal Tap's back catalog was received by critics. Most of the albums received rather mixed reviews, but one album called "Shark Sandwich" received just a two word review - "Shit sandwich". Their religious rock album "The Gospel According To Spinal Tap" was also rather poorly received. Their next stop takes them to Atlanta for the Recording Industry Convention. There, they learn a couple of gigs were canceled, but nothing to be worried about. It appears that the record label marketing department was completely offended by the proposed cover as stores have said they flat out weren't going to sell the album, citing it as "filth". Spinal Tap's promoters get into a huge argument with the record label CEO Bobbi Fleckmann (Fran Drescher) who cites their album cover as "sexist". While backstage for their next gig in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, Nigel is complaining about the quality (or complete lack thereof) of the food being presented to them. He tells the manager that it's a complete catastrophe and that they wouldn't like being served that food either. The next song they play is "Hell Hole" which is rather well received by the theater crowd. During the song Nigel gets in a rather tense guitar solo and falls to the ground requiring roadies to pick him up. The next day Marti is going over Nigel's massive amounts of equipment that they transport from show to show. He then explains how their amplifiers don't end at 10, they go to 11 which is one louder. Their next gig in Charlotte proves to be another disaster when their gig is cancelled due to a "lack of advertising funds". The next interview with Marti we learn that Spinal Tap has a dwindling audience. At the start of last year's tour they were booked into 10,000 and 15,000 seat arenas. Now they're being booked into 4,000 and 6,000 seat arenas, a fact that their manager, Ian Faith (Tony Hendra) dismisses as a sign that the band's popularity is waning. They proceed to take out their frustrations by destroying their hotel room. As Nigel is on the phone to their promoter, they learn that a number of their gigs across the Midwest have been cancelled. But thankfully they're saved when Derek informs them that a song they recorded in the past called "Listen To The Flower People" was being played on the local radio. But their happiness is short lived when the announcer refers to them in the "where are they now" segment. Shortly before this blow to their collective ego, David is on the phone with his longtime girlfriend, Jeanine Pettibone (June Chadwick) who tells him she can come see him when they arrive in Milwaukee. Nigel is less than enthused; he views Jeanine as an interloper and a disruption to his relationship with David. Thankfully Spinal Tap has managed to secure a gig in Memphis. There, they pay tribute to Elvis Presley by making a stop at Graceland and singing "Heartbreak Hotel", though none of the band members can remember the words, nor sing in harmony. Spinal Tap's first single was released in 1968 and they've been a band ever since, and evolving with the times and trends, though the recent times have not been kind to them. We also learn of another drummer that died a mysterious death - this one spontaneously combusted on stage. At their next gig in Milwaukee, they play a sound check where they play another song from their very early days called "Give Me Some Money". Jeanine appears and while David is thrilled to see her, Nigel can barely hide his disappointment. Ian appears with a box of copies of "Smell The Glove" where they're stunned to learn that the studio has decided to go with their decision to release the album cover in all black instead of the proposed and very controversial cover. Their next song is called "Rock And Roll Creation" and Derek gets trapped in his prop pod during the entire song and the roadies desperately try to free him with no success. The next interview with DiBergi interviews Spinal Tap's drummer. There he asks whether or not the history of Spinal Tap drummers has him afraid of what might happen to him. He says it's no big deal. On the tour bus to their next gig the band throws a huge party. While in Chicago, they have a record signing, but no one shows, upsetting the band and the promoter (Paul Shaffer) blames himself. Spinal Tap manages to secure their next gig in Cleveland. Unfortunately as the crowd is demanding they play, they get lost repeatedly making their way to the stage in a cluttered and maze-like basement. The next gig in Albuquerque proves to be particularly embarrassing as the only gig they've managed to secure has them opening for a magician at a rich kid's birthday party. The rift in the band grows larger. While on a break between gigs, Jeanine presents the band with her own illustrations of new onstage costumes and makeup for the band. Nigel is again annoyed and tells everyone they can enhance their live performances with a prop for one of their greatest songs, Stonehenge. He draws a quick diagram of the scenery on a napkin, handing it to Ian who says he'll have it made. The next live show has the band performing Stonehenge with a spoken-word prelude by Nigel and the band wearing druid-like costumes. When the model of Stonehenge descends from the rafters, they're astonished to see that it's only 18 inches high instead of life-sized. In his napkin drawing, Nigel had mixed up feet with inches. Dwarf dancers in Celtic costumes dance around the prop, threatening to knock it over. Back at their hotel after the gig, the band gets into a fight with Ian, blaming him for all the recent live mishaps and lost gigs. Ian argues that he's overworked, buried in the logistics of the tour, the petty and petulant demands of the band themselves and often called upon to perform impossible tasks. David suddenly suggests that they replace Ian with someone who can manage the tour more effectively, namely Jeanine. Ian explodes and storms out. Their next gig takes them to San Diego and the Miramar Air Force Base where they're the entertainment for a weekend reception. The band goes on, playing one of their raunchier songs, Sex Farm. Unfortunately the crowd isn't interested and stop dancing and sit back down, many of them covering their ears. A frustrated Nigel finally walks off the stage, slamming his guitar down after his wireless box picks up and broadcasts one of the base's air traffic signals. While being interview by DiBergi, David tries to gloss over Nigel's departure by saying that bands go through many changes and that it won't affect the remainder of the tour. He also admits he'd be more upset if he "weren't under such heavy sedation" at that particular moment. The last date of the tour is in Stockton, California at a local county fair, where he band is billed under a puppet show. Backstage, the band is hastily trying to come up with a live set without Nigel. Many of the songs they play live are Nigel's and are cut out of the lineup. Derek says what they have left will constitute a show of no more than 10 minutes. He suggests they play an experimental song he's been developing for several years called "Jazz Oddyssey" a free-form instrumental at least 10 minutes long. Onstage, David introduces the band as a reborn unit, Spinal Tap Mach 2, with Jeanine playing tambourine. The audience show their immediate displeasure, many of them leaving or giving the band the thumbs down sign. A party is thrown in Los Angeles to mark the end of the U.S. tour. David and Derek talk about several side projects they've both had in mind that they feel they can explore now that Nigel is gone. One of the ideas is a musical, "Saucy Jack", based on the life of Jack the Ripper. They also believe they can wring a few more years out of the nearly-defunct Tap, even without Nigel. At another late gig, the band are ready to go onstage when Nigel suddenly appears. He tells them he bumped into Ian and found out that "Sex Farm" has become a big hit in Japan and that he'd be willing to come back for a tour. David rebuffs him but accepts a wish of good luck from Nigel before the go on, playing "Tonight We're Gonna Rock You Tonight". As he stands watching them at the side of the stage, David motions for Nigel to join them. Nigel runs up, grabs a guitar and begins to jam. The final scene has the band playing live to a huge Japanese audience, seemingly revitalized. Ian has also rejoined them, seemingly taking up his old position as manager, with Jeanine nearby. The band plays to thunderous applause.
tt1152398
Drama,Fantasy,Romance
Kyle Kingson (Alex Pettyfer) is the arrogant and vain son of wealthy and equally as arrogant and vain news anchor Rob Kingston (Peter Krause). When he wins student body president, he bullies the eccentric Kendra Hilferty (Mary-Kate Olsen) for being ugly and strange at the after-party. Disgusted, Kendra magically transforms Kyle into a bald, tattooed and scarred shell of his once-handsome self. Kendra says Kyle has until the next spring to find someone who loves him or he stays this way forever. Rob takes Kyle to live in a private condo with their maid, Zola (Lisa Gay Hamilton), and Kyle's blind tutor, Will Fratalli (Neil Patrick Harris). Rob initially promises to support his son, but gradually neglects his son over time and stops visiting him after work altogether. Angry and hurt, Kyle finds sympathy from Will and Zola. As spring draws closer, Kyle finds himself infatuated with Lindy Taylor (Vanessa Hudgens), a girl from his former school who he had initially been as distant to as he was to Kendra. When Lindy and her father are about to be mugged by two brothers on the street, Lindy's father shoots one of the brothers, the surviving one vowing vengeance by taking Lindy's life. Kyle saves Lindy and her father, and arranges for Lindy to move in with him for her own safety. Initially, Lindy is furious about hiding, since she was to go to Machu Picchu on a field trip - but after she claims she's seen worse when Kyle reveals himself to her (now calling himself "Hunter" around her), they warm up to each other. Kyle writes a letter to Lindy professing his love to her, but he never plans to give it to her, in fear of Lindy not feeling the same way. Will and Zola continue to help Kyle win her over, as the two begin to fall in love. In time, he completely wins her over when they read Frank O'Hara's poem "Having a Coke with You" together out loud. Closer to spring, Kyle makes a deal with Kendra that if he succeeds in winning Lindy's heart, she will restore Will's vision and grant citizenship to Zola's three children in Jamaica. Lindy receives a text message from her father that the criminal who threatened her life is in jail. She and Kyle spend an afternoon at one of Rob's private cottages on a lake. As they are about to kiss, Lindy receives a call notifying her that her father overdosed and is in a hospital. She leaves to see her father, and Kyle gives her his letter, but regrets doing so when she tells him he's a good friend before leaving. Heartbroken, Kyle does not answer Lindy's phone calls, after she reads his letter. Inspired by Will and Zola, Kyle goes to meet Lindy one last time before she leaves for Machu Picchu, and explains he did not answer her calls because he thought she only liked him as a friend. Lindy professes her love, and departs for Machu Picchu. Kyle's normal, handsome self is restored with Kendra's spell broken, but Lindy decides against leaving and tries to find "Hunter" again. She initially ignores Kyle while searching for Hunter, only for Kyle's phone to ring when she calls "Hunter". Realizing Hunter was Kyle, the two share a kiss in the street. Will wakes up one morning and to his delight can see again. Zola finds three green cards for her children in the mail from the government. Kendra is also seen approaching Rob Kingson's office as a new intern, implying that Kendra will likely do the same thing to Rob as she did to Kyle. In the credits, a series of photographs show that Kyle and Lindy went around the world together - including Machu Picchu.
tt0074812
Action,Sci-Fi
An opening title sets the scene: Sometime in the 23rd century... the survivors of war, overpopulation and pollution are living in a great domed city, sealed away from the forgotten world outside. Here, in an ecologically balanced world, mankind lives only for pleasure, freed by the servo-mechanisms which provide everything. There's just one catch: Life must end at thirty unless reborn in the fiery ritual of carousel. To maintain the ecology of the system of domes that makes up the city, both reproduction and death are carefully controlled by a monolithic master computer. Sex is readily available but there are no long-term relationships. You can dial up a sex partner on "the circuit" or visit orgy rooms filled with people of both sexes and clouds of aphrodisiac gas. Babies grow in glass boxes; implanted in each infant's left palm is a life clock, a penny-sized crystal that starts out white and changes color as the years go by. People dress to match their crystal: yellow for a child, green at 16, and red a few years later. Your crystal flashes red as you approach "lastday" -- your 30th birthday. On lastday, you're expected to report to an arena for Carousel, the ceremony that will, you have always been told, result in your renewal and rebirth. In fact, you stand in a circle with your age-mates, float to the ceiling when the gravity is turned off, get zapped with lasers, and disintegrate in a cloud of sparks. During the spectacle, ominous music is piped in while hundreds of younger folks applaud and shout "renew!" to cheer you on. If this doesn't sound good, your alternative is to become a runner. Runners are criminals and are hunted down and terminated by policemen known as sandmen, who wear black. The city dwellers believe that there is no renewal for runners. Logan-5 (Michael York), a sandman, is in the nursery, knocking on the glass that separates him from a pair of infants; he's trying to wake one up. He tells his friend and fellow sandman Francis-7 (Richard Jordan) that the baby is Logan-6, his son. Francis thinks hanging around the nursery is a little odd and teases Logan that he knows who the baby's seed-mother is. "I'm curious, not sick," Logan retorts. Logan and Francis attend a Carousel but have to leave early when they receive a report of a runner. The runner is killed in a fall trying to escape them and Logan removes a silver ankh (&#9765) from the dead man's hand. At home that night, Logan browses the circuit and chooses a woman called Jessica-6 (Jenny Agutter), a green who wears a silver ankh on a choker. She declines to sleep with him, saying she went on the circuit because she was sad about losing a friend in that day's Carousel, but now regrets it; they argue about whether Carousel participants die, whether sandmen are killers, and whether it's wrong to run. The next day, Logan turns in the ankh he took from the runner. The master computer (voice: Lara Lindsay) recognizes the significance of the ankh. It tells Logan that 1056 runners are unaccounted for and are believed to have escaped the city and fled to a place called Sanctuary. Logan is to go under cover, find Sanctuary, and destroy it. To make him a plausible runner, the computer overrides Logan's life clock so that it begins to flash red immediately, though he's 4 years from his lastday. The computer doesn't answer when he asks whether he'll get his 4 years back. Remembering the ankh around Jessica's neck, Logan sends for her and attempts to convince her that he wishes to find Sanctuary. She agrees to help him after he lets a runner go. She leads him through an orgy room to a secret exit where they meet members of the resistance who are very suspicious of Logan, despite his flashing red life clock. They're right to be suspicious; Logan activates his communicator to lead the other sandmen -- who are unaware of Logan's undercover mission -- to the secret exit and the resistance cadre guarding it. Logan was counting on sending Jessica back to the city, but she's starting to fall for him and insists on coming with him to Sanctuary. When the sandmen arrive Logan won't risk Jessica's life; he runs in earnest, taking Jessica with him. Francis is hard on their heels. Using the ankh to unlock a door, Logan and Jessica escape from the city through the water system and find themselves in an icy cave. They have a close call with a homicidal robot named Box (Roscoe Lee Browne), who captures runners and freezes them -- they see a long corridor lined with people he's frozen. He seems to have been designed to capture food from the outside ("fish and plankton and sea greens and protein from the sea!"), but when it stopped coming he adapted and now harvests runners instead. When he tries to harvest Logan and Jessica, Logan fights back and brings down part of the cave, disabling Box. The fugitives find a tunnel that leads to the outside world. They're not sure what the bright thing in the sky is, but they're glad it's warm. Francis still follows at a distance. The Earth has healed since the disaster. In the wilderness outside the city, the runners are disappointed not to find Sanctuary right away and grow tired and thirsty looking for it. But the landscape is healthy, and soon they find a river to swim in. In the water, they notice that their life clock crystals have stopped functioning and turned white again -- the color of a baby's crystal. Jessica and Logan interpret this as indicating they are no longer bound by the rules of the city and its 30-year limit. They fall in love, and Logan abandons his secret mission. But there are no other people, not even other runners. They explore, finding their way to the overgrown ruins of Washington D.C. (shown on screen with award-winning post-apocalyptic special effects). When they discover the Lincoln Memorial, they are confused by Lincoln's appearance; "That must be what it looks like to grow old," Logan says. Searching for signs of life, they find some gravestones marked "beloved husband" and "beloved wife," and wonder what the strange words mean. Then in the ruins of the Capitol, they encounter an eccentric white-bearded old man (Peter Ustinov) and his many cats. The old man has no crystal in his hand; he reminisces about being raised by his own mother and father and recites passages from Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats by T.S. Eliot. This is all nonsense to Logan and Jessica, who have never lived in a family or seen a cat. After quizzing the old man about other people and finding he's never seen or heard of any except his own parents, Logan tries to convince Jessica that there is no Sanctuary. There's no evidence that anyone before them made it past Box. She can't accept it. They are discovered by Francis, who refuses to listen to what they have to say. He attacks Logan; after a fight, Logan kills him by bludgeoning him with an American flag. As he dies, Francis looks at Logan's white crystal and says "Logan, you renewed!" The three of them bury Francis, and the old man gets Jessica to promise that she'll bury him when his time comes. When Logan hears that, he says they can't keep the promise because they have to go back to the city, destroy all the life clocks, and stop the killing. Jessica resists the plan until they hit on the idea of bringing the old man along; he'll convince the city people that life after 30 and life outside the city are possible. They hike back to the city, but are forced to leave the old man waiting outside while they re-enter the domes through the water system. They promise to bring the city-dwellers out to meet him. They fail; not only do the people ignore their news, but sandmen come and arrest them. The city's master computer interrogates Logan using a memory probe and becomes confused and overloaded by the memories it finds ("there is no Sanctuary ... all frozen ... an old man ... all ruined .... no Sanctuary"), which don't conform to the computer's expectations. The computer malfunctions and Logan fights off a group of sandmen to escape with Jessica, doing further damage to the computer in the process. The ensuing chain reaction wreaks havoc on the city. Fleeing the explosions, the inhabitants go outside and gather curiously around the old man, who is delighted to see them.
tt0102798
Action,Adventure,Drama
Robin of Locksley (Kevin Costner), an English nobleman who joined Richard the Lionheart's army in the Third Crusade, is captured and imprisoned in Jerusalem along with his comrade Peter. Robin engineers an escape, saving the life of a Moor, Azeem (Morgan Freeman) in the process; Peter dies in the attempt and has Robin swear to protect his sister Marian (Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio). Robin returns to England with Azeem, who vows to accompany Robin until the debt of saving his life is repaid. In England, with King Richard away, the cruel Sheriff of Nottingham (Alan Rickman) rules over the land, aided by his cousin, the Guy of Gisbourne (Michael Wincott) along with the witch Mortianna (Geraldine McEwan) and the corrupt Bishop of Hereford (Harold Innocent). At Locksley castle, Robin's father (Brian Blessed) is lured to the gates and captured by the Sheriff's men after refusing to join them. Robin returns to England to find his father dead, his home in ruins, and the Sheriff and his men oppressing the people. At his family castle, Robin finds his father's elderly servant, Duncan, who was blinded by Gisbourne. They travel to Marian's family home where Robin tells her of his brother's bravery in Jerusalem and gives her Peter's ring. Gisbourne suddenly appears and a furious chase ensues. Robin and Azeem's horses are unable to outrun their pursuers so they ride into Sherwood Forest, an area believed to be haunted. There they meet a band of outlaws hiding from Nottingham's oppressive rule, separated from their families. They are led by John Little (Nick Brimble). After a short stave battle in a river where Robin outwits the much larger and stronger John (whom Robin gives the semi-mocking title of "Little John"), Robin and Azeem join up with them. Also among the bandits is Will Scarlet (Christian Slater), who is later revealed to be Robin's illegitimate half-brother. Robin eventually assumes command of the band, encourages his men to fight against Nottingham and trains them to defend themselves. The band builds a small community in the forest, with most of their homes high up in the trees. Robin makes a visit in disguise to the local cathedral to speak to Marion and the bishop. The bishop tells Robin that his father had taken to devil-worship -- Robin refuses to believe him. As he leaves, he runs straight into the Sheriff and slashes him on the cheek with a small dagger. Robin escapes on horseback, taking a sack of bread back to the men in the forest. Robin's provocation of the Sheriff will also place their families in danger and Little John is less than encouraged now that the Sheriff will hunt them to the death, however Robin says they can use the Sheriff's fury to their advantage and wage a minor war to regain their homes and reputations as decent men. When the Sheriff retaliates by razing the homes of the outlaws, Robin rallies everyone to a higher cause: they will rob all the local lords loyal to the Sheriff and give their wealth to the poor. The Sheriff, having already ordered a bounty on Robin's head, raises it several times in the hopes the poor will turn against Robin, however they remain loyal since Robin and his outlaws give all the wealth they steal to them. The Sheriff speaks with Mortianna who tells him to send a chest of gold to other warlords around England. Robin and his men attack the convoy delivering the gold. One of their early captures is Friar Tuck (Michael McShane) -- the stout friar had been traveling with Gisbourne and a small detachment of his men. Robin's band uses the natural foliage of the forest to distract Gisbourne's men away from the large horse cart carrying Tuck and a large supply of alcohol. Gisbourne is later unable to find the bandits and several of his men who were killed, the bodies having been camouflaged very effectively on the forest floor. Guy of Gisbourne is later coldly killed by the Sheriff for his failure when he returns with the news. Robin politely asks Tuck if his men can have the barrels of ale and mead that were captured. Tuck is quite defiant at first but is taught humility when Robin makes him haul the cart back to their hideout in place of the horse. Tuck heartily agrees to become their holy man. Tuck also strikes up a newfound friendship with Azeem despite his being a Moor and an enemy when Azeem successfully aides Little John's wife Fanny in a difficult delivery of their newest child. Marian and her handmaiden are stopped by two of Robin's men while riding through Sherwood. Robin's men are easily subdued by the much craftier Marian, who forces them to take her to Robin. Robin shows Marian around the compound and Marian stays overnight Finally, the sheriff has had enough. Hiring Celtic warriors to bolster his forces, he uses Duncan to track down the outlaws' hideout and initiates a massive attack which destroys the forest refuge. Robin's forces are able to rout the ground assault very effectively, causing the Celts to retreat. While Robin's forces cheer their victory, they suddenly see that the Sheriff has another assault planned with flaming arrows and catapult projectiles which quickly destroy their compound. Robin himself rescues Fanny and her newborn from a burning shelter but the rope he swings from snaps and he falls into through a roof. The Sheriff has also kidnapped Marian prior to the battle when she tried to summon help from France. The sheriff proposes to Maid Marian, saying that if she accepts he will spare the lives of the captured woodsmen and their families. Nevertheless, several of the rebel fighters including Little John's son Wolf are to be executed by hanging. While they are tortured by the Sheriff who wishes to know if Robin survived the assault, Will agrees to act as a spy and lure Robin into a trap. However, despite information to the contrary, Robin and a handful of his most trusted aides did survive the assault. Will returns and is immediately set upon by Little John, enraged over the capture of his son. He stops when he sees that Will has several horrible scars across his chest, evidence that he'd been tortured by the Sheriff. Will tells them about the forced marriage of Marian to the Sheriff and that those who were captured in the forest will be executed before the ceremony. Robin plots an assault on the Sheriff's castle to rescue them, even allowing Will and Little John's willful wife to take part. On the day of the sheriff and Maid Marian wedding and the scheduled hangings, Robin and his men sneak their way into Nottingham castle in various disguises. Positioning themselves strategically around the compound and using barrels of gunpowder supplied by Azeem, start a furious battle that frees the prisoners. The original plan was to just free their friends and retreat, but then Azeem reveals himself and his willingness to join Robin and fight the sheriff, finally convincing the peasants to revolt. Robin finds his way into the Sheriff's chambers where the traitorous Bishop (who is found later and killed by Friar Tuck) has just finished the marriage ceremony and the Sheriff is about to rape Marian to impregnate her with a male heir. In a ferocious sword duel Robin kills the sheriff, avenging his father. With his guard down, Robin is attacked by Mortianna, who charges with a spear. Azeem, having broken through the bolted door, rushes in and throws his sword, slaying Mortianna and fulfilling his vow to Robin. Robin and Marian profess their love for one another and are married in the forest by Friar Tuck. Their wedding is briefly interrupted by the return of King Richard I (Sean Connery), who agrees to bless the marriage if he's allowed to give Marian away, and thanks Robin for his deeds.
tt1470827
Adventure,Drama,Romance
After a NASA deep-space probe crash lands in Mexico, alien life-forms spread throughout the U.S.Mexico border region leading to the quarantine of half of Mexico. The U.S. and Mexican militaries battle to contain the creatures with air-strikes and defoliation, while a wall stretching along the American border keeps the United States protected. The film begins with night vision footage of a US Army patrol driving through a town in the middle of the night. An explosion flips one of the vehicles, and fragmented flashes of gunfire show US soldiers firing at an enormous tentacled creature that ambushed the patrol. In the background a radio transmission from one of the soldiers obtains approval for a dangerously close airstrike. Meanwhile a civilian screams for help and attempts to drag a woman off the road and away from the creature. The soldiers withdraw as the man is left behind, lifting the woman and trying to carry her away. Moments later an air-to-ground missile homes on the creature's head. The main plot thread begins a few days prior to the ambush. Andrew, a young American photojournalist in Mexico is hired by his wealthy employer to get the latter's daughter, Samantha, back to the United States. The pair's introduction does not go well: Andrew has no interest in being a chaperone, is haunted that he will miss the birthday of his estranged six year old son, and is troubled by a job that forces him to photograph only the destruction caused by the alien creatures rather than the fact that people are living alongside them. Samantha, meanwhile, is going through a crisis regarding her own position in life, her relationship with her father, and her impending marriage. While travelling to the coast to get a boat to the United States, the pair are temporarily curtailed by the destruction of the railroad and find out that the aliens' migration season is beginning early. If they do not leave the country within a few days, sea and air travel will be blocked and they will have to wait six months before another window is available. Arriving at the port, Andrew is forced to spend $5000 to buy Samantha a ferry ticket to return to America. That night they drink together and begin to open up to each other, but when it becomes obvious Samantha is not interested in him romantically, Andrew gets drunk and sleeps with a random girl from the area. When Samantha wakes up and goes to Andrew's room to say her goodbyes, she finds him with the girl and leaves. She is unable to get on the ferry, however, as Andrew has her passport - and he finds that both his and her passports have been stolen. With the ferry gone, the only possibility of reaching America within a reasonable time is go through the "Infected Zone." In order to bribe their way through the checkpoint, Samantha has to give over her expensive engagement ring. Their journey takes them across Central America by boat (where they see the destruction wrought by the aliens, but also an increasing return of nature in these untouched areas) and by convoy with armed guards (here they are shown the creatures are terraforming the earth, and are attacked by one of the monsters). Over the course of these encounters the pairs relationship grows from a friendship to a romance. Eventually they arrive at the large border wall separating the Infected Zone from the United States. As they cross the checkpoint there, Andrew and Samantha realize the entire Texas region has been evacuated and the aliens have advanced far into United States territory. After walking along an evacuation route, the two stumble across an abandoned gas station. Andrew calls the police, who say the pair are lucky to be alive and that an Army rescue patrol is in the area. Andrew and Samantha both phone their respective families; Andrew his son and Samantha her father, and reconcile with them. Suddenly, an alien appears to attack the gas station, but it turns out there are in fact two aliens who are communicating with each other in a non-threatening way. As the main characters watch, Samantha whispers tearfully, "I don't want to go home." Andrew and Samantha share a lingering kiss, broken only when the army arrives and bundles them into their HMMWVs. As the screen fades to black the story loops to the opening scene, with the army patrol seen driving along the abandoned road at night and the creature attack on the group.
tt0084726
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
A female Vulcan officer sits in the command chair on the bridge of the USS Enterprise. While the senior crew and some cadets work at their consoles, the officer, Lt. Saavik (Kirstie Alley), makes a log entry, then orders Commander Sulu (George Takei) to project a course to avoid entering the Neutral Zone at the Klingon border. Suddenly, Uhura (Nichelle Nichols) receives a distress call from the Kobayashi Maru, a ship that has struck a gravitic mine near Altair VI, inside the Neutral Zone. Despite warnings from both Sulu and Spock (Leonard Nimoy), Saavik orders the ship to enter the Neutral Zone in order to beam the survivors aboard. Upon entering the Neutral Zone, the Enterprise is confronted with three Klingon battle cruisers, which open fire. The Enterprise is heavily damaged; many of the bridge officers are killed. Saavik has no choice but to order the surviving crew to abandon ship. However, the filtered voice of Admiral James T. Kirk (William Shatner) is suddenly heard. The bridge viewscreen slides aside, revealing a lighted room beyond. The Kobayashi Maru was a Starfleet Academy simulation, one Saavik does not believe to have been a fair test of her command abilities. Kirk explains that the no-win scenario is a situation every commander may face, and that how one faces death is equally important as how one faces life. Saavik seems ruffled at the advice, but Kirk offers that now she has something new to think about. As he leaves, Dr. McCoy asks Kirk why the Enterprise will not once again receive an experienced crew. Kirk replies that space exploration should be left to younger crews, a remark that puzzles Uhura. Outside the simulator room, Spock awaits Kirk's opinion of the cadets' performance. Kirk notes that the trainees wreaked havoc with the simulator room and Spock alike. Spock recalls Kirk's own Kobayashi Maru, noting that Kirk himself took the test three times and that his final solution was unique. Kirk then thanks Spock for his birthday present, an antique copy of Charles Dickens' novel "A Tale of Two Cities". Spock then leaves to catch a shuttle to board the Enterprise and await Kirk's arrival--he will later inspect the ship. Kirk then retreats to his apartment, to be greeted by Dr. Leonard "Bones" McCoy (DeForest Kelley), who presents him with two gifts; a bottle of finely-aged Romulan ale and a pair of antique eyeglasses. Noticing Kirk is going through a mid-life crisis, he questions whether Kirk really wants to carry on the duties of an admiral, or to be galaxy hopping on a starship. McCoy urges Kirk to get back his starship command, and the two share a drink sitting by the fireplace. Meanwhile, Commander Chekov (Walter Koenig) is on board the USS Reliant, which is orbiting the planet Ceti Alpha VI. The crew is searching for a lifeless planet to satisfy the requirements of a test site for the Project Genesis experiment, a terraforming program proposed to the Federation by a group of scientists. Although Ceti Alpha VI should be incapable of supporting life, Chekov detects a minor energy reading on a scanning device. After conferring with Carol Marcus (Bibi Besch), the head scientist of Project Genesis, who informs them there cannot be a single shred of life on the planet, Chekov and Terrell plan to investigate the life-reading themselves. Chekov and Captain Terrell (Paul Winfield) beam down to the surface. Upon arrival, they fight their way through a blinding sandstorm until they discover and enter what appears to be a crashed derelict vessel. They soon discover that the derelict is actually cargo carriers assembled together from the SS Botany Bay, a ship Chekov remembers all too well. Panicked, he rushes a confused Terrell toward the exit, only to find that a group of strangely-dressed people are waiting outside. Chekov and Terrell are taken prisoner, and their captor reveals himself as Khan Noonien Singh (Ricardo Montalban). He identifies the rest of his group as the remaining survivors of his crew. Khan reveals that 15 years earlier, Captain Kirk exiled Khan and his followers to Ceti Alpha V after the genetically-engineered supermen nearly captured the Enterprise (a reference to the series episode "Space Seed"). Khan says that six months after they were marooned, Ceti Alpha VI exploded, destroying Ceti Alpha V's ecosystem and shifting its orbit and position in space. The crew of the Reliant thought they were orbiting Ceti Alpha VI, when in reality they were orbiting Ceti Alpha V instead. Khan blames Kirk for the death of his wife (presumably Lt. Marla McGivers, an Enterprise crew member who joined Khan in exile) and plans to avenge her. In order to find out why the two are there, Khan forces juvenile Ceti eels (unpleasant-looking creatures) into their ears. Once inside their victims, Khan explains, the Ceti eels wrap themselves around the cerebral cortex of the brain, rendering the victim susceptible to any command and to interrogation. Khan explains further: As the Ceti eels grow and mature inside the brain, the victim is slowly driven insane, followed later by death. Khan calmly asks them about their mission and where he can find Kirk. Using Chekov and Terrell as his servants, Khan and his henchmen seize control of the Reliant and escape from Ceti Alpha V. Khan later has Chekov contact Carol Marcus at their remote research station, Regula 1, and inform them that Ceti Alpha VI is ready for the testing of Genesis and that Starfleet has ordered all Genesis components to be taken there immediately when Reliant arrives in about three days. Carol is adamant, stating that no one will have access to Genesis without proper approval. Carol's own son, David Marcus, also a scientist and working with his mother's team on the project, asks Chekov who gave the order, Chekov says it came from Admiral Kirk. Furious at Starfleet, Carol meets with her team to figure out what to do. Under the command of Captain Spock, the Enterprise is being assigned to train cadets from Starfleet Academy, and Kirk, McCoy, Sulu and Uhura come aboard to assist in a short training cruise. Admiral Kirk is inspecting the trainee crew, who are learning the ropes on the Enterprise. The Enterprise leaves her orbiting drydock, under the command of an officer trainee, Lieutenant Saavik, the first of her race to graduate at her level. Once clear, Spock gives Sulu navigational control and the Enterprise speeds away on the training cruise. Kirk later receives a distress call from Regula 1. Kirk orders the call to be patched through to his quarters, a communication he is nervous about since he and Carol Marcus were romantically involved in the past, a relationship that went sour and resulted in the birth of their son, David. Furious, Carol asks him why he is taking Project Genesis away from her. Confused, Kirk incredulously denies having any involvement with the order. The already weak transmission becomes even more garbled and communication is soon lost, having been jammed by a nearby Reliant. After consulting with Starfleet Command, Kirk assumes command and orders the Enterprise to set a course for Regula 1. While en route, Kirk asks Spock and McCoy to join him in becoming familiar himself with Project Genesis. Hosted by Carol Marcus, a video summary explains that the project involves the sophisticated terraforming of dead planets, making them habitable. Because the video was produced a year before, Kirk assumes they have reached "Stage Two" of the project. McCoy asks what the result of using such a device on a living world would be and Spock concludes it would destroy any existing life. McCoy sees the project as a dangerous venture that could be turned into a deadly weapon and is angry at Spock's logical attitude about the dangers. Just at that moment, Saavik calls them over the intercom and informs them that they have made contact with the Reliant. The Enterprise approaches the Reliant. Despite being unable to contact them, Kirk is not concerned at first and is reluctant to raise shields as, Saavik reminds him, rules and regulations prescribe. However, when the Reliant gives a false status report, Kirk orders a yellow alert, which proves be too little, too late. The Reliant raises its shields, powers up its weapons, and opens fire. The Enterprise is caught off-guard and is badly damaged. Having been on board the Enterprise once before, Khan knows exactly where its weak points are, disabling the Enterprise's main energizers and warp core, leaving only auxiliary power on the ship, and mortally injuring several cadets, including Midshipman 1st Class Peter Preston (Ike Eisenmann), Scotty's (James Doohan) nephew. Engines are down, shields inoperative, and there is only enough power for a few short phaser shots, which isn't enough against the Reliant's shields. Khan hails Kirk, who is shocked to see Khan in command of the Reliant. Khan arrogantly announces his plans to destroy the Enterprise, to which Kirk pleads with Khan to take him as prisoner and spare his crew. Khan agrees, but also demands all information on the Genesis Device. Kirk pretends to comply, but he actually has Spock transmit a signal using the Reliant's prefix code that causes the Reliant to lower her shields. Despite his intelligence, Khan is still very inexperienced with the command of a starship. When he realizes what Kirk is doing, he is unable to immediately locate the controls to override the command lowering the shields. With the few shots auxiliary power can give him, Kirk is able to fire at the Reliant, damaging photon controls and the warp drive. Khan is reluctant to withdraw, but the rest of his crew remind him that the Enterprise, with its disabled power systems, cannot escape. Both ships limp away for repairs and the match ends in a stalemate. Sulu congratulates Kirk on his victory, however Kirk admits that he had misjudged the situation and encourages Saavik to quote Starfleet regulations whenever applicable. Kirk surveys the wounded in sickbay and attends to Peter Preston on his deathbed. With impulse power restored, the Enterprise arrives at Regula 1. Kirk assembles a landing party, and Saavik reminds him of General Order 15 barring him from beaming into a dangerous situation without armed escort. They find the station abandoned and several of the station's scientists gruesomely murdered, and discover Chekov and Terrell, semi-conscious and abandoned inside a storage container. Still quite dazed, Terrell and Chekov relate their experiences with Khan and inform Kirk that Khan is quite insane. When asked where the crew of the Reliant are, Terrell says they were marooned by Khan on Ceti Alpha V. They find that the station's records of the Genesis Device have been erased by the Regula 1 staff. Exploring the station leads them to a transporter that has recently been activated. Checking the coordinates, Saavik realizes they beamed into the Regula planetoid nearby, assuming they had gone to where the second stage of the Genesis experiments were conducted, which would be underground. Kirk asks for a damage report from the Enterprise. Knowing that Khan is listening to their communications, Spock exaggerates and reports that "by the book", hours would seem like days and that transporters will be available in two days, hinting to Kirk that they can be beamed back in about two hours. Using the transporter coordinates, they beam down to the asteroid and materialize inside a rocky chamber. The Genesis Device is there, but before Kirk can move, he is attacked by his and Carol's son, David Marcus (Merritt Butrick), who accuses Kirk of trying to steal Genesis. Carol tries to defuse the situation, but before she can elaborate, the team is threatened by Chekov and Terrell. Terrell and Chekov reveal they are still under Khan's control and Terrell is ordered by Khan to kill Kirk. However, Terrell resists Khan and the Ceti eel causes him extreme pain. To escape it, he turns his phaser on himself and commits suicide. Chekov collapses and the Ceti eel slurps out of his ear and is promptly vaporized by Kirk. The Genesis Device is suddenly beamed away. Kirk grabs Terrell's wrist communicator and taunts Khan, informing Khan that he will have to come down to the planetoid if he wishes to kill Kirk. Shocked to find Kirk alive and well, Khan vows to leave him marooned on Regula for eternity. An enraged Kirk screams at Khan, who cuts communication. Kirk avoids Carol and David's questions about Khan by asking for food. Carol and David show Kirk, McCoy and Saavik the Genesis cave, which was created by a smaller Genesis Device: deep within Regula a stable ecosystem now exists, having been created in one day. Before Kirk and Carol join them, they both speak briefly about their past relationship and reach a moment of reconciliation. In the cave, Saavik asks Kirk, who is casually eating an apple, about his performance on the Kobayashi Maru scenario. McCoy informs her that Kirk is the only Starfleet cadet to beat the no-win scenario. However, Kirk admits he reprogrammed the simulation, making it possible to save the ship and her crew. David chuckles and says he cheated, and Kirk qualifies that he changed the conditions of the test also citing that he had received praise for original thinking and that he does not believe in the no-win scenario. Kirk then promptly contacts the Enterprise and Spock says they should prepare for transport. Kirk smiles at a dumbfounded Saavik and asserts that he doesn't like to lose. Saavik questions what happened throughout the transport and Kirk reminds her of Starfleet Regulation 46A: Spock had modified his report (hours instead of days) to deceive Khan because their adversary may have been monitoring the Enterprise's transmissions. When Saavik suggests that Spock lied, Spock merely replies he "exaggerated." Unfortunately, the Enterprise cannot defend herself fully against the Reliant. Spock suggests that the Enterprise set course for the nearby Mutara Nebula, where ionized gases will disrupt the sensors and shields of both vessels, essentially rendering them blind and evening the odds. Khan orders the Reliant to pursue, but his crew is reluctant, as they know the shielding and sensor systems will be rendered useless. Khan's second-in-command, Joachim, reduces speed, believing the situation to be too dangerous. Back on the Enterprise, Spock notes that the Reliant is reducing speed and seems to be backing away from the pursuit. To ensure that Khan will follow him, Kirk has Uhura contact the Reliant and proceeds to taunt his nemesis, saying "We tried it once your way, Khan. Are you game for a rematch? Khan... I'm laughing at the superior intellect." Enraged by the mockery, Khan behaves irrationally and orders full impulse power and despite Joachim's protests, recklessly launches into the pursuit again. The Battle of the Mutara Nebula ensues. Both ships are quite hampered by the conditions whereas the Enterprise in open space would have been the more vulnerable vessel. A game of cat-and-mouse follows. Computer targeting does not function, so both crews must rely on manual firing commands based on their view of the opposing ships on the visual display, which is mostly static. Being more experienced, Sulu is able to make better guesses and inflict slight damage but both vessels largely miss each other. As they maneuver half-blind around the nebula, suddenly the static on the Enterprise viewscreen clears enough to reveal that both ships are about to collide. They swerve apart and narrowly miss colliding, and at such point-blank range, even manual firing is sufficient for each vessel to inflict key hits on the other. The Reliant manages to destroy the port torpedo launcher of the Enterprise, which then returns fire and damages the Reliant's bridge, causing an explosion that kills several of the ship's bridge crew including Joachim, whom Khan vows to avenge. In the exchange, serious damage is inflicted again and Scotty is forced to shut down Enterprise's main reactor, which has flooded a control compartment with radiation. Nevertheless, Kirk is able to ambush the Reliant because of his superior starship combat experience. When Spock suggests that Khan is inexperienced and is using a strategy based on two-dimensional thinking, Kirk orders the Enterprise to drop several thousand meters below the Reliant. The Reliant glides past above the Enterprise. A shaken, but physically recovered Chekov enters the bridge and offers his assistance. Kirk asks him to go to the weapons station. Khan isn't prepared for the Enterprise to descend before he passes overhead and then ascend directly behind him. The Reliant is hit with several phaser blasts, and a torpedo breaks off her port nacelle. The Reliant is crippled and drifts away, trailing plasma. Most of Khan's crew is killed in the process, and Khan himself is left crippled and barely alive by the explosions on the bridge. In her final attempt to kill Kirk, the mortally wounded Khan activates the Genesis Device, knowing that the shock wave from it will destroy the Enterprise and her crew. The Enterprise cannot escape the large explosion that the device will trigger. Spock exits the bridge and decides to sacrifice his life by entering the radiation-filled engine room and repairing the broken warp drive, while Kirk orders a withdrawal at best possible speed. Realizing that the ship is doomed, Spock silently leaves his console. On the Reliant's bridge, watching the Enterprise retreat and believing that the ship cannot escape the blast, Khan quotes from the novel "Moby Dick": "From hell's heart, I stab at thee. For hate's sake, I spit my last breath at thee." Khan finally collapses. Spock arrives in engineering, only to be stopped by Dr. McCoy from entering a lethally irradiated compartment that is part of the warp drive system. After initially appearing to comply with McCoy, an apologetic Spock nerve-pinches McCoy, and mind-melds with the doctor, saying simply "Remember..." He dons work gloves, enters the chamber, and begins to repair the main reactor, the radiation from the console spewing directly in his face. Moments later, McCoy regains consciousness and he and Scotty plead in vain with Spock to stop what he is doing. Spock is successful and the warp engines come on line just in time, and the Enterprise streaks away just as the Genesis Device and Reliant explode. The Mutara Nebula condenses around the explosion, creating a newborn planet. Kirk contacts engineering to congratulate Scotty, but he is unconscious due to the radiation he had been exposed to. McCoy gravely replies that Kirk needs to come down; Kirk notices the empty chair at the science station. A look of dawning horror suddenly fills Kirk's face as he rushes down to Engineering to find Spock, dying. Kirk calls out for Spock and follows as the Vulcan staggers to the side of the transparent radiation barrier, finally resting against it. Spock attempts with difficulty to explain to Kirk his reasoning: "Don't grieve, Admiral. It is logical. The needs of the many outweigh..." to which Kirk finishes, "the needs of the few," and Spock nods. "Or the one..." However, Spock states that he himself never took the Kobayashi Maru test until now, and asked Kirk, "What do you think of my solution?" Stricken with grief, Kirk cannot reply. Spock says "I have been and always shall be your friend. Live long and prosper." He holds out his hand, in the traditional Vulcan salute, and Kirk presses his hand up to the glass as well, watching as Spock slumps to the floor, and dies. It takes all of his resolve to keep his composure as he sees his closest friend die in front of him. Spock's funeral is later held on the torpedo deck. Kirk says a few words in Spock's honor, concluding with a befitting statement: "Of all the souls I have encountered in my travels, his was the most... human." While Scotty plays "Amazing Grace" on the bagpipes, Spock's body is launched in a torpedo casing into the atmosphere of the newborn Genesis Planet. Later, trying to relax in his quarters, Kirk tries to read his copy of "A Tale of Two Cities". He sees that the glasses given to him by McCoy are broken and he tosses them aside. David visits him and they both reconcile, accepting that they are father and son. Kirk is humbled, especially when David mentions that Kirk had faced death before but never the death of a close and trusted friend like Spock. On the bridge, the crew and Carol Marcus look at the newborn world formed by the Genesis Wave. McCoy expresses the feelings of Kirk by saying "He's not really dead as long as we find ways to remember him." The Enterprise sets its course for Earth, with a stop at Ceti Alpha V to pick up the Reliant crew. The shot dissolves to various scenes of the ecosystem of the Genesis Planet, finally arriving at Spock's photon tube. In voiceover, we hear Spock's voice reciting the opening Star Trek monologue.
tt0082398
Action,Adventure,Thriller
While visiting the grave of his deceased wife, Tracy (whom was killed in the film On Her Majesty's Secret Service), James Bond (Roger Moore) is called back to MI6 headquarters. A helicopter arrives to transport him. During the flight the pilot is killed by electricity that surges through his headset and a familiar voice begins to taunt Bond over the chopper's loudspeaker; it is that of Blofeld, Bond's deadliest villain. As Bond struggles to gain control of the chopper, he notices a man in a motorized wheelchair nearby. Bond manages to reach the pilot's seat but cannot operate the chopper. Blofeld, controlling the chopper with a small console, flies it into a giant foundry building, with the intention of letting it crash. Bond sees that a set of cables have been wired to the chopper and he rips them out, regaining control of it. He flies after Blofeld and hooks his wheelchair on the end of the chopper's landing skid. Though Blofeld pleads for his life, Bond vengefully drops him down a nearby smokestack. In the Adriatic Sea, a fishing ship, the St. Georges, trawls off the coast of Albania. Inside is a hidden control room for British defense. The spy ship is equipped with ATAC (Automatic Targeting and Attack Communicator), a valuable defensive and offensive device that the Soviet Union would like to obtain. When the ship's decoy fishing crew hauls in a net, it brings with it an old anti-warship mine which explodes, sinking the St. Georges. At MI6, M's temporary replacement, Bill Tanner (James Villiers), is informed of the incident. When he asks how deep the water is off the coast of Albania, he is gravely told it isn't "deep enough." Hoping to find the St. Georges and the ATAC discreetly, Tanner orders a British underwater archaeologist, Timothy Havelock (Jack Hedley), to find the sunken ship. Meanwhile, Tanner's KGB counterpart, General Anatole Gogol (Walter Gotell), is told that the ATAC is in play, and instructs an unknown contact to procure it for him. Havelock's daughter, Melina (Carole Bouquet), arrives by plane at her father's yacht near the site of the St. Georges' sinking after taking a vacation in France. While she reunites with her parents, the plane she arrived in suddenly strafes the yacht with a burst of machine-gun fire. Both Havelock and his wife are killed, however, Melina is unharmed, a look of despair and rage on her face. In London, James Bond is called into M's office to meet with Tanner and Minister of Defense, Frederick Gray (Geoffrey Keen). He is ordered to find the ATAC, his first lead being the man, Hector Gonzales (Stefan Kalipha), a pilot and Cuban national who killed the Havelocks. Tanner orders Bond to find Gonzales near Madrid and interrogate him for information. Bond goes to Gonzales' home where he's throwing a party. Bond observes that Gonzales is meeting with a mysterious man (Michael Gothard) in an elegant suit and octagonal wire-framed glasses, and deduces that he is paying Gonzales for the assassination he performed. Bond is captured by a security guard and brought to Gonzales who identifies him immediately as British Secret Service and orders him taken away. As he dives into his pool, Gonzales is struck and killed by a crossbow arrow fired by an unseen assassin. The distraction allows Bond to escape. The man with the glasses does not intervene and instead leaves with the money that he intended to pay Gonzales with. As Bond makes his escape, one of the security guards chasing him is also killed by a crossbow bolt. The shooter is revealed to be Melina Havelock, who has been seeking revenge for the deaths of her parents and had hired a private detective to find Gonzales. Before they can escape in Bond's Lotus Esprit, it explodes when a guard tries to break one of its windows. Bond and Melina use her car, a small, clunky Citroen, in a furious chase where they evade Gonzales' men in a wild chase through a small town and through an olive orchard. Back in London, Bond reports back to MI6, where the upset Tanner reprimands him for failing to obtain any information from Gonzales. However, Bond, with Q's assistance, uses a highly sophisticated database called an Identigraph, to identify and locate the mysterious payoff man. The man is revealed to be Emile Leopold Locque, a Belgian assassin who has worked as an enforcer for numerous crime syndicates. The most recent intel suggests he is operating in Cortina d'Ampezzo in Northern Italy. Bond travels to Cortina and meets Luigi Ferrara (John Moreno), an Italian Secret Service agent who tells him that Locque may be associated with an organization called the White Dove (indicated by the pin Locque and it's members wear). He directs Bond to his most reliable contact in the Greek Underworld, Aris Kristatos (Julian Glover). Kristatos identifies the White Dove's leader as Milos Columbo (Topol), the kingpin of Greece's heroin trade. Kristatos asks Bond to be an escort for his young skating protege, Bibi Dahl (Lynn-Holly Johnson), while she watches the biathlon. Bibi tries to seduce Bond in his hotel room, but Bond refuses her advances due to her young age. At the biathlon, Bibi points out a friend of hers, Eric Kriegler (John Wyman), a competitor in the event. Bond bids Bibi farewell and leaves the event; as he skis away, he is attacked by a small group of thugs on winterized motorcycles. One of them is Kriegler himself, who tries to kill Bond with his sniper's rifle, another is Locque. Bond is able to escape his attackers, killing several of them in the process. Bond meets Bibi later at the Olympic skating rink where Bibi is practicing. He asks her about Eric and finds out that he is an East German defector. After Bibi leaves, he is again attacked, this time by three hulking hockey players. Bond beats them all and returns to his car. There he finds that Ferrara has been killed. In Ferrara's dead hand is a White Dove pin. Bond goes to the business section of Cortina the next day and spots Melina buying a crossbow. As he approaches her, they are both attacked by men on motorcycles. Bond kills both attackers and orders Melina to leave Cortina. He also tells her that her need for revenge may get her killed too. She agrees to return to her father's yacht and wait for word from Bond. Bond travels to Greece to continue his investigation of Columbo. At a nightclub, he meets with Kristatos and asks how to meet Columbo, not knowing that Columbo's men are secretly recording their conversation. Columbo is at the same club and is sitting with a woman, Lisl von Schlaf (Cassandra Harris), a countess. She becomes openly insulted by one of Columbo's comments and proceeds to leave. Seeing an opportunity to learn more about Columbo, Bond approaches Lisl and offers to have Kristatos' valet, Apostis (Jack Klaff), drive her back to her hotel. After Apostis leaves, Bond and Lisl spend the night together. Lisl confesses that Columbo knows that Bond is a secret agent, and has asked her to learn more about him. Unbeknownst to either of them, Apostis is secretly listening in on their conversation. In the morning, the two walk on the beach and are attacked by Locque and another White Dove member, Claus (Charles Dance). Locque kills Lisl by running her down in his dune buggy, and he and Claus capture Bond. Claus is suddenly shot by a harpoon and several men wearing the White Dove emblem appear out of the surf and capture Bond. Bond is taken to Columbo himself on a yacht, who tries to convince the spy that Kristatos is actually the real villain and the one behind the search for the ATAC. As a means to prove it, he invites Bond to accompany his men to Albania, where Kristatos is using a shipping warehouse to process heroin. Bond reluctantly agrees, and they find Locque overseeing a shipment of raw opium smuggled in enormous rolls of newsprint. They also discover some old naval mines, implying that the sinking of the St. Georges was no accident. As his men provide cover, Locque wires explosives to one of the mines, taking the detonator with him to a nearby escape car. Locque detonates the explosives to cover his escape, but Columbo's raiding party are able to flee the warehouse before it explodes. Using an underground tunnel, Bond is able to get to the shipyard's entrance before Locque does. He opens fire on Locque's car, hitting the assassin in the shoulder and causing him to lose control of the vehicle, which careens off the road. As Locque's car precariously teeters on the precipice of a cliff, Bond shows him the dove pin he'd gotten from Ferrara, throws it to Locque; the tiny shift in weight causes the car to slide off the cliff. Bond gives the car a hard kick and it plummets, killing Locque. Bond travels to the Havelock's yacht and finds Melina. Bond asks Melina if her father possibly left behind any information about his work for the British government. Melina shows Bond her father's journal and they discover that her father had been diving in an unusual underwater location. The two go there in her father's mini-submarine and find the St. Georges. The enter the wreck and find the ATAC attached to an explosive charge which had failed to be activated. Bond disarms the bomb and takes the ATAC when the two are attacked by a diver in a JIM suit. Bond manages to escape the killer and attaches the ATAC bomb to the JIM suit, destroying it. Nearly out of breathable air, he and Melina return to the mini-sub but are again attacked by another mini-sub. They are able to escape this man as well. They return to the surface to find that Kristatos, accompanied by Kriegler and Apostis, has seized the Havelock yacht and killed the crew. Kristatos takes the ATAC with the intention of selling it to the Soviet government; Kriegler is revealed to be his KGB contact. Using Melina and Bond as "bait" they tow them behind Kristatos' yacht hoping that sharks will eat them. Bond is able to snap the line binding them and they retreat to a SCUBA tank Melina left on the ocean floor. Kristatos, assuming Bond and Melina are both dead, leaves. The two make it back to their yacht and hear her father's parrot reveal the destination of the ATAC, a location only called "St. Cyril's." Q informs Bond that there are over 300 locations with the same name in all of Greece, however, Bond knows that Columbo will know where Kristatos has retreated to. The St. Cyril's that Columbo knows of is a monastery in the northern mountains of Greece (in reality, Meteora) and sits atop a series of sheer cliffs. It is only accessible from the ground by a cabled basket; Bond must scale the cliff to reach the hoist controlling the basket. As he climbs, he is found by Apostis, who tries to loosen the spikes and climbing rope Bond is using as a safety line. Bond is able to make it up the cliff far enough to throw a spike at Apostis and send him off the cliff. He makes it the basket house and lowers it for the rest of the crew to come up. General Gogol is on his way to the monastery to collect the ATAC. Kristatos attempts to flee with the ATAC, with Columbo and Melina in hot pursuit. Kriegler attacks Bond, nearly overpowering him due to his size, before Bond tosses him out a window and over the cliff and races after Columbo and Melina. Kristatos and Columbo fight. Kristatos knocks Columbo out, only to be cornered by Melina, who seeks to kill him to avenge her parents' death. While Bond and Melina argue over whether to execute Kristatos or simply arrest him, Kristatos pulls a switchblade out of his jacket. Before Kristatos can attack Melina or Bond, Columbo regains consciousness and kills him with a throwing knife. Gogol arrives and genially asks for the ATAC; Bond suddenly throws it over the side of the mountain where it shatters hundreds of feet below. Gogol is visibly shocked at first but Bond replies "Detente, Comrade! You don't have it, I don't have it." Gogol suddenly smiles and leaves, obviously humored. Melina and Bond share a romantic evening on board the Havelock yacht when a call arrives from MI6 on Bond's wristwatch. The British Prime Minister, Margaret Thatcher wishes to speak to Bond personally. Bond gives the watch to Melina's parrot and the PM is tricked into thinking she's still speaking to Bond, who has joined Melina for a nude moonlight swim.
tt0088930
Comedy,Crime,Mystery
In 1954, six strangers are invited to a dinner party at Hill House, a secluded mansion in New England. They are met by the butler, Wadsworth, who gives each of them a pseudonym, with none of them knowing or being addressed by their real names. The guests - Colonel Mustard, Mrs. White, Mrs. Peacock, Mr. Green, Professor Plum, and Miss Scarlet - are served by Wadsworth and the maid, Yvette. During dinner, a seventh guest, Mr. Boddy, arrives. Afterwards, Wadsworth reveals the real reason they are there: Mr. Boddy has been blackmailing the other guests (as well as Wadsworth and his now-dead wife, it is later revealed) for some time now. The group is here to confront him and turn him over to the police. Mr. Boddy, however, reminds them that if he is arrested, their guilty secrets for which he has been blackmailing them will be exposed. He then gives each of the other guests different weapons as a gift (a candlestick, a dagger, a lead pipe, a revolver, a rope, and a wrench), suggesting that one of them kill Wadsworth instead to avoid exposure and humiliation. When he turns out the lights, a gunshot rings out, and when the lights are turned back on, they find Mr. Boddy apparently dead with no visible trace as to how. Wadsworth then goes on to explain that he was the one who arranged for everyone to meet at the mansion, knowing that Mr. Boddy was blackmailing them. He reveals that his late wife committed suicide as a result of Mr. Boddy's manipulations, which drove him to try and help free them from the same cycle of blackmail by bringing them all together to force a confession out of him and then turn him over to the police. Later, the cook Mrs. Ho is found dead, stabbed with the dagger, and Mr. Boddy's body disappears, only to be rediscovered dead again but with new injuries from the candlestick. Wadsworth locks the weapons in the cupboard and is about to throw the key out when a stranded motorist arrives and is locked in the lounge. Wadsworth then throws the key out onto the blacktop. Colonel Mustard proposes they split into pairs and search the house to make sure no one else is there. While they are searching, the motorist is killed with the wrench. Mustard and Scarlet find his corpse in the locked lounge and Yvette uses the revolver from the now-unlocked cupboard to break the keyhole. A police officer investigating the motorist's abandoned car arrives and comes inside to use the phone. The guests resume their search of the mansion. The electricity is then turned off. Yvette, the cop, and a singing telegram girl are subsequently murdered with the rope, lead pipe, and revolver, respectively. Wadsworth and the others regroup after he turns the electricity back on, and he reveals he knows who the murderer is. He proceeds to recreate the events of the night so far as to explain how the murders occurred. He reveals that the other five people who died with Mr. Boddy were his accomplices, who gave him vital information about the different guests. After an evangelist interrupts them, Wadsworth continues and shuts off the electricity again. In the theatrical showing, at this point audiences would then be shown one of the three following endings after Wadsworth brings the lights back up. In the home media, all three endings were included, with "Ending A" and "Ending B" identified as possible endings but "Ending C" being how the events really occurred. Ending A: Yvette murdered the cook and Mr. Boddy under orders from Miss Scarlet, for whom she once worked as a call girl. Miss Scarlet then killed her along with the other murder victims. She wanted to keep her business of extortion safe and now plans to sell the other guests' secrets. She intends to shoot Wadsworth, who asserts there are no more bullets in the gun. Wadsworth then reveals himself to be an undercover FBI agent, takes the gun from Miss Scarlet and apprehends her. The evangelist is revealed to be a police chief, who arrives with police officers and federal agents. To prove that the gun was empty, Wadsworth fires it towards the ceiling. However, it still contained one bullet, and the gunshot brings down the hall chandelier right behind Colonel Mustard, narrowly missing him (again, the first time being when Yvette breaks the keyhole). Ending B; Mrs. Peacock killed all the victims to cover up her engagement of bribes from foreign powers. Mrs. Peacock holds the others at gunpoint while she escapes to her car, but she is caught by the chief (the evangelist). Wadsworth reveals he is an undercover FBI agent planted to spy on her activities as to secure her arrest. Ending C: Each murder was committed by a different person: Professor Plum killed Mr. Boddy, Mrs. Peacock killed the cook, Colonel Mustard killed the motorist (and picked out the key from Wadsworth's pocket), Mrs. White killed Yvette, and Miss Scarlet killed the cop. Mr. Green is therefore accused of killing the singing telegram girl, but Wadsworth reveals he killed her, and that he is, in fact, the real Mr. Boddy (the man Professor Plum killed was his butler). With the witnesses to each of their secret activities dead and the evidence destroyed, Mr. Boddy now plans on continuing to blackmail them all. Mr. Green suddenly pulls out a revolver and kills Mr. Boddy. He reveals himself as an undercover FBI agent who has been on Mr. Boddy's case. He brings in the chief/evangelist to arrest the others. Mr. Green then leaves, saying "I'm gonna go home, and sleep with my wife", revealing his earlier claim of homosexuality was just part of his cover.
tt0085995
Adventure,Comedy
Clark Griswold (Chevy Chase) is a food processing salesman living in Chicago, Illinois who wants to spend more time with wife Ellen (Beverly D'Angelo) and his teen children Rusty (Anthony Michael Hall) and Audrey (Dana Barron). So, he decides to lead the family on a cross-country expedition from Chicago to the Los Angeles amusement park, "Walley World", billed as "America's Favorite Family Fun Park". In the opening scene, Clark and Rusty drive to a local car dealer lot where he decides to purchase a new sports wagon for the cross-country drive. But the conniving salesman Ed (Eugene Levy), tells him that the car he ordered never arrived and scams Clark into taking in its place a more gas-guzzling, technically failing, behemoth station wagon called the Wagon Queen Family Truckster. Clark refuses to be conned, but after his old station wagon is "accidentally" crushed by a compacter machine, Clark is left with no choice but to take the Family Truckster. At home, although Ellen tells Clark that she wants to fly to California for their two-week vacation, he insists on driving, so he can bond with his family. The next day, the family packs into their new car for the long drive to California, only to have all their luggage strapped to the top of the station wagon fall off after they back out of the garage... a bad omen of things to come. During the first day's drive, Clark and Ellen try to ease the boredom by singing old folk songs including the so-called Wally World National Anthem. Rusty and Audrey take their escape by listening to their radio Walkman's of their favorite rock group The Ramones. While stopping for a fill up at a gas station, Clark cannot find the gas tank opening, and accidentally tears off the station wagon's license plate searching for it. Later that same day, the family arrives in St. Louis, Missouri, but after crossing the Mississippi River into the city, they get lost and end up in a rough ghetto area where some local street hoodlums steal their hubcaps and spray paint graffiti on one side of their car while giving them sham directions back to the local expressway. While driving late at night on the interstate west of St. Louis, all of the family falls asleep... including Clark driving in which their car exits the road and roars through a residential neighborhood, tearing up several yards, before stopping for the night at a local motel. Clark has planned a romantic evening at the motel with wine and quarters for the vibrating mattress, but the mattress is loud and starts bouncing wildly. Clark pulls blankets onto the floor and they crawl under the covers, ready for sex. The kids rush in from the connecting room to investigate the noise. Rusty unplugs the bed before the kids go back to their room. On the second day of the vacation (Day 2), the family arrives in Dodge City, Kansas without further incident where Clark falls victim to another tourist trap when he insults the local bartender at a Western-themed tavern, and gets shot with a round of blanks. Back on the road, Clark is tempted by a hot young woman (Christie Brinkley) driving a flashy red 1983 Ferrari 308 GTS. That afternoon, the Griswolds arrive at a farm outside of Coolidge, Kansas to visit Ellen's cousin Catherine (Miriam Flynn) and her eccentric husband Eddie Johnston (Randy Quaid), and their five kids, plus one on the way, creating more tension among the Griswolds. Catherine and Eddie foist crotchety old Aunt Edna (Imogene Coca) and her vicious dog, Dinky, on the Griswolds, asking them to drop her off at her son Normy's home in Phoenix, Arizona. Eddie also asks for a loan of $500 to help him out with numerous debits he owns the local bank and many bill collectors. The kids have better experiences with Eddie and Catherine's eldest kids. Cousin Vicki (Jane Krakowski) shows Audrey her secret pot stash, while Cousin Dale (John Navin) shows Rusty his secret porn magazine collection. The next day (Day 3), the Griswolds along with Aunt Edna and Dinky drive off. During a picnic stop in Colorado, Clark has another encounter with the young woman in the red Ferrari whom is parked and dancing to pop music. The Griswolds stop for the night in a run-down campground in South Fork, Colorado where they survive another tourist trap for the night as well as deal with Edna's vicious dog. The next day (Day 4), the Griswalds and Aunt Edna pack up and leave the campground for Arizona. But while packing the car, Clark forgets to untie the nasty Dinky from the car's rear bumper before leaving. Clark does not realize his error until he is pulled over by a local motorcycle cop (James Keach) to angrily inform him of his mistake that has led to the apparent death of the dog. Never less, the policeman, overcome by his own memory of his childhood dog, allows Clark to proceed on his way. During the drive, Clark again sees the young woman driving the red Ferrari while everyone else is asleep. Tempted to keep speed with her, Clark accelerates & almost has an accident. Subsequently, one of the suitcases falls off the car, which contains all of Ellen's credit cards. The next day (Day 5), the family gets lost on a back road somewhere in Arizona where while Clark and Ellen argue, they accidentally drive off the road, missing a large roadblock and get into an accident, damaging the Wagon Queen Family Truckster. Clark hikes off into the desert and spends many hours wondering aimlessly in the hot and arid desert until he finds a gas station... only to find the family there after they were rescued by some local Indians whom had a camel to tow their car to the very station. After making some half-hearted repairs, the redneck mechanic (Mickey Jones), who also happens to be the local sheriff, scams Clark out of all the money he has on him (over $500 for the repairs). But they manage to get to the Grand Canyon Village to check in for the night. The next day (Day 6), the frustrated Clark realizes that in reporting Ellen's lost credit cards to their hometown bank, the bank had frozen Clark's credit cards by accident, and Clark cannot convince the stuffy hotel clerk to take a check to pay for their rooms for the night. With the desk clerk distracted for a few minutes, Clark steals all the cash in the hotel's cash register, leaves behind the $1,000 check, and flees the hotel like a Wild West bank robber, grabs the family away from the scenic sight of the Grand Canyon, and speeds away. Continuing through Arizona, they find that Aunt Edna passed away in her sleep. With little options, they decide to drive to Phoenix anyway and deliver her to her son Normy's house (with the dead Aunt Edna tied to the roof of their car). When they reach Normy's home that evening in a raging thunderstorm, they discover he is out of town, and leave Edna's rigor mortised body on a lawn chair in the backyard, over Ellen's objections. Clark concedes to Ellen's request they say a prayer for the dear departed Edna. Despite all the events and the begging of Ellen and the kids, Clark is more determined than ever to get to Walley World. They check into a motel for the night where after another argument with Ellen, Clark hangs out at the motel's bar where he has a face-to-face-encounter with the beautiful young woman from the red Ferrari and they make small talk about things. The woman beckons Clark to go skinny dipping with her in the motel's swimming pool, but upon diving in, Clark screams over his reaction to the cold pool water... thus waking up the entire motel, including Ellen, Rusty, and Audrey. When the woman takes her leave, Clark goes back to apologize to Ellen who demands that Clark repay the favor by taking him back to the pool to skinny dip with her. The next day (Day 7), the family finally arrives in Los Angeles, California and arrives at Wally World... only to find that the park is closed for the next two weeks for repairs. Clark, slipping into madness, buys a realistic-looking BB gun from a local sporting goods store, returns to Wally World, and demands to a overweight and geekish park security guard named Russ Lasky (John Candy) to take them through the park; Ellen and kids follow him, attempting to placate their father. Eventually a SWAT team arrives along with park owner Roy Walley (Eddie Bracken) and they arrest the whole family. Clark manages to talk to Roy who surprisingly understands Clark's impassioned epitome of the American Vacation, bringing back memories of his own childhood years ago. Roy does not file charges against the Griswolds, and lets the family enjoy the park as his guests, along with the police and SWAT team who are seen riding on the park's top roller coaster attraction in the final shot of the movie. The end credits show various still photographs of the Griswolds enjoying the rest of the vacation at all the various stops they made over the course of the movie, including a final frame of them returning to Chicago via plane... having abandoned their gas-guzzling car in California.
tt0086465
Comedy
Duke brothers Randolph (Ralph Bellamy) and Mortimer (Don Ameche) own Duke & Duke, a successful commodities brokerage in Philadelphia. Holding opposing views on the nature versus nurture issue, they make a wager and agree to conduct an experiment switching the lives of two people at opposite sides of the social hierarchy and observing the results. They witness an encounter between their managing director, the well-mannered, cultured and educated Louis Winthorpe III (Dan Aykroyd), engaged to the Dukes' niece Penelope (Kristin Holby) and a poor African-American street hustler named Billy Ray Valentine (Eddie Murphy). Valentine is first seen as a dirt-poor con artist who pretends to be blind and paralyzed from the waist down, rolling around the streets of Philly begging for money, when he has a run-in with Winthorpe outside his office building after being chased out of Fairmont Park by two policemen, who order him to stop panhandling. Valentine gets arrested at the racist Winthorpe's insistence because of a suspected robbery attempt. The Dukes decide to use the two men for their experiment, settling on the "usual amount" for their bet. Their plan involves two specific objectives: Valentine must become successful as an employee for the Dukes and Louis must become destitute and be branded a criminal. The next day, Winthorpe attends a meeting at his gentlemen's club. Moments before the meeting, an operative working for the Dukes, Clarence Beeks (Paul Gleeson), slips some money into Winthorpe's coat pocket. At the meeting, he is exposed as a thief when the cash is found on his person. He is fired from his job, his bank accounts are frozen, he is treated roughly during processing at the police precinct. When Penelope shows up to collect him, he is accosted by a prostitute, Ophelia (Jamie Lee Curtis) who was paid to do so by Beeks. He is later denied entry to the Duke-owned townhome where he resides by his long-serving butler, Coleman (Denholm Elliott), who pretends not to recognize Louis and is informed his bank account is frozen and his credit cards will have to be repossessed. He is thrown out of the bank and on to the street. Pleading with Ophelia to help him -- he reminds her that she helped whomever is trying to ruin his life -- she agrees to let him stay with her at her slum apartment until he can pay her back and figure out how to turn his misfortune around. He discovers that Ophelia is a very smart, business-minded woman who has a lot of money invested in several securities, hoping to one day retire comfortably. Ostracized and abandoned by Penelope and his former friends who believe the trumped-up charges against him, Winthorpe turns his attention to Valentine, whom he believes set him up. Meanwhile, claiming to operate an assistance program for the underprivileged, the Dukes bail Valentine out of jail, install him in Winthorpe's position at the company and give him use of Winthorpe's home. Valentine quickly becomes a prized employee of the Dukes; Valentine has the street-savvy attitude that could make them millions while trading stocks on the market. Billy Ray demonstrates his talent by earning the Dukes a hefty amount on his first day at work, giving them advice on how to set the price for pork belly commodities. During the firm's annual Christmas party, Winthorpe, disguised as Santa Claus, is caught planting drugs in Valentine's desk. Winthorpe is caught in the act and flees, fulfilling the criminal act the Dukes had as an objective in their scheme. Meanwhile, Valentine hides in a men's room stall to smoke a joint that he took from the drugs that he was tossing into the garbage can. The Dukes enter the washroom and, unaware of his presence, discuss in detail the outcome of their experiment and settle their wager for their agreed-upon amount: $1. Valentine overhears this exchange and seeks out Winthorpe when he hears that the Dukes plan to let Winthorpe become destitute and that they plan to eject Valentine following a plan they have to use his talents to corner the stock market on a specific trade commodity. He runs out of the building, tracking Winthorpe down to Ophelia's apartment. Winthorpe attempts suicide by overdosing on some of the pills he'd planned to frame Billy Ray with. Valentine, Ophelia and Winthorpe's former butler Coleman nurse him back to health and inform him of the Dukes' experiment. On television, they learn that Clarence Beeks is transporting a secret report on orange crop forecasts. Winthorpe and Valentine recall large payments made to Beeks by Duke & Duke and they realize that the Dukes are planning to obtain this report to corner the market on frozen orange juice. The group agrees to disrupt their plan as revenge. Learning of Beeks' New Year's Eve travel plans, the four get aboard his train to switch the report in Beeks' possession with a forgery. Winthrope, Valentine, Ophelia and Coleman all wear bizarre and disguises to try to swipe his briefcase at a costume party being thrown on the train. Beeks wises up and uncovers their scheme. In chasing them, he attempts to eliminate them. He fails, is subdued, and the group dress him in a gorilla costume and lock him in a cage with a real gorilla. The forgery is then successfully delivered to the Dukes. Winthrope and Valentine travel to New York's Wall Street and to the commodities trading floor to execute their plan. Winthorpe and Valentine are able to turn an enormous profit while the Dukes, misled by the false report, commit all their holdings to the venture and incur a loss of $394 million in profits. The Dukes confront Valentine and Winthorpe on the exchange floor who mockingly explain that they made a $1 wager on whether they could get rich while also making the Dukes poor. Valentine collects his prize from Winthorpe while Randolph collapses from a heart attack. Mortimer protests as their seats on the exchange are put up for sale, their assets are seized and their holdings frozen. Meanwhile, Beeks and the gorilla are loaded onto a ship headed to Africa while Valentine, Winthorpe, Ophelia, and Coleman enjoy a luxurious tropical vacation.
tt0090329
Crime,Drama,Romance
As the film opens, we see an Amish funeral procession. One of Lancaster County, Pennsylvania's Amish farmers, Jacob Lapp, has passed away. His widow, Rachel (Kelly McGillis) and her 8-year old son, Samuel (Lukas Haas), later head by train to visit Rachel's sister in Baltimore, Maryland. At the 30th Street Station in Philadelphia, Samuel enters the washroom. Only 1 other man is in the room, but as Samuel enters the stall 2 other men enter. One of them very stealthily nods to a second, while the third stands at a sink. Seconds later the 2 men attack the third at the sink. One covers the victim's head with a coat while the second draws a switchblade and cuts the victim's throat. Samuel sees the murder through a gap in the door, and escapes the killers' detection by standing on the toilet seat inside the stall. Captain John Book (Harrison Ford) is the policeman assigned to the case. Book informs Samuel and his mother that the murdered man is a police officer. Book and his partner, Sergeant Elton Carter (Brent Jennings), question Samuel. He is unable to identify the perpetrator from mug shot photographs or a police lineup. But, while Capt. Book is on the phone with Sgt. Carter, Samuel wanders through the detective bureau office and notices a display case with trophies and a newspaper clipping inside. The newspaper clipping has a picture of highly regarded narcotics officer Lt. James McFee (Danny Glover) - and Samuel recognizes him as the man who cut the victim's throat. Book sees Samuel standing at the display case, and walks over to him. Samuel looks at Book and then points to the photograph of McFee, then nods. Not wanting to possibly alert others, Book takes Samuel's hand and lowers it, then reassuringly puts an arm around Samuel and nods, indicating his understanding. Later that night, Capt. Book visits his boss, Deputy Chief Paul Schaeffer (Josef Sommer) at his home, and advises him that Samuel has identified Lt. McFee as one of the killers. Book remembers that 4 years before, McFee had conducted a drug raid in which several gallons of a substance called P2P, an ingredient in the making of methamphetamine, were seized. When the time came for the trial, the police evidence room had no records of the P2P in inventory. It appears that the P2P was sold by McFee to drug dealers, as the total value of the substance confiscated was estimated at $22 million. Schaeffer advises Book to keep the case secret so they can work out how to move forward with it. As Book returns home, he hears footsteps behind him as he approaches the elevator in his parking garage. He turns around to see McFee standing there, walking towards him! A wild gunfight breaks out, and Book is badly wounded in the ensuing gunfight before McFee escapes. Since only Schaeffer had been told, Book realizes Schaeffer must have warned McFee and is also corrupt. Book calls Carter and orders him to remove the Lapp file from the records. Book then hides his Dodge and uses his sister's VW to return Rachel and Samuel to Lancaster County. After the Lapps' safe arrival in rural Pennsylvania, Book collapses from loss of blood in his vehicle in front of the Lapp farm. Even as Book hides out among the Amish in Lancaster County, the corrupt officers - Schaeffer, McFee, and a third man - 'Fergie' Ferguson (Angus MacInnes) - begin hunting for him. They encounter a wall of frustration as local police in Lancaster County cannot help them, since most local Amish farmers have the same last name and do not use telephones. They also pay a visit to Book's sister Elaine, but Schaeffer is satisfied that she does not know where Book and the others are. McFee warns that Sgt. Carter may pose a risk to them, and tells Schaeffer that he is 'working on' Book's partner. Impressing upon them that hospitalization will allow the corrupt officers to find him, Book is gradually tended back to health by the Amish. As Book heals, he begins to develop feelings for Rachel. He also helps the locals build a new barn. The Lapps' neighbor, Daniel Hochleitner (Alexander Godunov) had himself hoped to court her and this becomes a cause of friction. Later Rachel and John are caught dancing - an affront to the conservative Amish way of life. Rachel's father-in-law, Eli, takes her aside and warns that if she continues she could be shunned (ostracized) by the community. Rachel, in turn, feels she has done nothing wrong. The corrupt officers intensify their efforts to find Book, who is informed via a call from a payphone that Carter has been killed. While still in town, Hochleitner and the other Amish men are harassed by local punks. Book confronts the punks who are harassing them. They continue to harass Hochleitner and Book despite Book's warning, 'You're making a mistake'. Book angrily attacks one of the men, breaking his nose, and drives off the others. The fight gets noticed by the local townspeople and is reported to the police. The news reaches Schaeffer. John subsequently comes upon Rachel as she bathes, and she stands half-naked without shame before him. He walks away without a word. Soon after, the two realize they are in love, but because of the publicity the fight has gotten, Book knows he must leave. Upset, Rachel removes her bonnet, and she and John run to one another, embracing with a passionate kiss. McFee, Schaeffer, and "Fergie" Ferguson, the second killer at the train station, arrive at the Lapp farm with 12-gauge pump action shotguns and revolvers. Book, unarmed and in the barn with Samuel, sees them coming and orders Samuel to run to Hochleitner's farm for safety. The trio split up and search for Book. John tricks Fergie into the corn silo and suffocates him under tons of corn. McFee, hearing the falling corn in the silo, heads inside. Book retrieves Fergie's shotgun and blasts McFee with it, killing the murderer instantly. A crazed Schaeffer then forces Rachel and Eli out of the house at gunpoint; Eli signs to Samuel (who returned unseen upon hearing gunfire) to ring the warning bell. Schaeffer, with his .38 snubnose revolver aimed at Rachel's head, forces Book to surrender to him, and forces Rachel and Book out of the barn at gunpoint. However, the loud clanging summoned all other Amish within earshot, and Schaeffer is confronted by over 20 Amish. With so many witnesses present it is clear to Schaeffer that he cannot escape, and he gives up. As Schaeffer is taken by local police and Book prepares to leave, he shares a quiet moment with Samuel, then exchanges a silent, loving gaze with Rachel. Eli bids Book goodbye for his return to Philadelphia, saying "You be careful out among the English [i.e., non-Amish]", as he had said to Rachel at the beginning of the film, and showing Book that he now respects him like the people of his own faith. As Book drives away from the Lapp farm, he passes Hochleitner, presumably on his way to court Rachel, and exchanges an amicable wave of farewell.
tt0097742
Action,Adventure,Thriller
James Bond (Timothy Dalton) is on leave in Florida to serve as best man at the wedding of Felix Leiter (David Hedison) and Della Churchill (Priscilla Barnes). With Cold War tensions cooling down, Leiter has transferred to the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA), and he's spent the last several months attempting to capture elusive drug kingpin Franz Sanchez (Robert Davi). He is considered one of the most ruthless drug lords around, operating an invisible drug empire that stretches all the way from Alaska to Chile, and he's proven impossible to catch, having managed to kill, intimidate or bribe every major politician in the Western Hemisphere who could give him up. As Bond, Leiter, and Leiter's fishing buddy Sharkey (Frank McRae) drive to the wedding, Leiter's boss, Hawkins (Grand L. Bush) intercepts them to inform Leiter that Sanchez is making a rare visit to Cray Key. The timetable to capture him before he can flee to non-extradition territory is tight, so Leiter decides to take it. Bond accompanies him aboard a Coast Guard helicopter, "strictly as an observer," to ensure that he will be back on time, and alive, for the wedding, leaving Sharkey to stall the proceedings until they get back. Sanchez is venturing this far north today because he'd found out that his mistress Lupe Lamora (Talisa Soto) is having an affair with another man. Sanchez and his three menacing henchmen, Dario (Benicio Del Toro), Perez (Alejandro Bracho), and Braun (Guy De Saint Cyr), creep up to the house where the boyfriend is staying, using piano wire to garrote a thug standing guard, then burst in and catch Lupe in bed with her new lover. Dario, Perez and Braun grab the boyfriend and take him outside, where they kill him and cut out his heart, while Sanchez himself punishes Lupe by whipping her with the tail of a stingray. Bond and Leiter arrive just as Sanchez is preparing to fly out of US territory. After a short gunfight, he separates from his henchmen and Lupe, and flies off alone via a private plane. Bond manages to capture Sanchez by attaching the helicopter's tow cable to Sanchez's plane in flight and pulling it out of the air. Afterwards, Bond and Leiter parachute down to the church in time for the ceremony. During the reception, Bond finds Leiter finishing up a meeting in his office with another woman, Pamela Bouvier, (Carey Lowell), but she leaves before Bond can speak with her. Della offers Bond a gift, a silver-handled cigarette lighter with the engraving, "Love always, Della and Felix." Della tells Bond that he will need to get married next, causing Bond great discomfort. Della asks her new husband if it was something she said, and Felix tells her that Bond had been married before, but it ended tragically. Meanwhile, Sanchez is taken to a holding cell in Key West, awaiting transfer to a higher security facility. Hawkins and another agent, Ed Killifer (Everett McGill), tell Sanchez that he is looking at least ten life sentences from all the felonies he's wanted for; his dream team attorneys and "million dollar bribes" will not get him out of this one. Sanchez offers $2 million for anyone who helps him escape. Though Killifer seems disgusted at the offer, Sanchez believes he has taken the bait. Indeed, Killifer does accept the $2 million offer and agrees to help Sanchez escape custody. To do so, he arranges to ride shotgun in the van that is going to take Sanchez to Quantico. As the convoy crosses Key West's Seven Mile Bridge, the driver becomes visibly nervous as they pass road construction signs warning of repaving work going on up ahead. Killifer uses the butt of his shotgun to knock the driver unconscious, then steers the van over the side of the bridge and into the ocean. Once the van sinks, and the driver drowns, frogmen stationed below the bridge load Sanchez and Killifer into a Shark Hunter submersible and transport them to the Ocean Exotica, a warehouse owned Milton Krest, (Anthony Zerbe) a marine breeder who operates a research boat, the Wavekrest, as a front for Sanchez's drug trade. Unaware of Sanchez's liberation, Felix and Della return home, only to find Dario, Perez and Braun waiting for them. They knock Leiter out, and then proceed to rape Della before stabbing her in the heart. Leiter is driven to the Ocean Exotica, where Sanchez and his henchmen are waiting for him. Killifer apologizes for betraying Leiter, but insists he couldn't refuse the money. Sanchez's men open a trap door, revealing a feeding pit for a Great White shark. As Leiter is lowered into the pit, Sanchez tells him that he will not die this day, for there are some things that are worse than death, and Leiter's fate is nothing personal, just business. After the shark bites Leiter, Sanchez and his team remove him from the pit, return him to his house wrapped in a tarp, and deposit him on a couch, pinning a note to his chest reading "He disagreed with something that ate him". They then ransack the house and steal Leiter's files, which contain a list of his informants inside Sanchez's network. Bond learns of Sanchez's liberation the next day, when he notices the police at the airport on high alert as he prepares to leave for a posting in Istanbul, Turkey. Realizing what's going on, Bond races back to Leiter's house, finding Della sprawled on the bed in the bedroom, dead, then finds Felix on the couch in his office, injured. It is around this time that Hawkins calls to check up on Leiter, and Bond tells him to call an ambulance. Leiter is rushed to the hospital and put into surgery. His left leg has to be amputated below the knee, and there is a 50/50 chance that he will also lose his left arm. Hawkins tells Bond that the authorities' hands are tied regarding Sanchez, as he has already fled to the Republica de Isthmus (based on the real life Panama), which does not have an extradition treaty with the United States. The local authorities believe that Leiter's injuries are the result of a chainsaw, but Sharkey knows a shark bite when he sees one. The two of them visit aquariums in the area, looking for the shark that Leiter was fed to. Eventually, they locate the Ocean Exotica. Krest tells them that the facility has the capacity to house a Great White, but it was sold years ago, so they now concentrate on breeding smaller fish to feed the world's hungry. After a cursory examination, Bond realizes he's in the right place, noticing the flowers from Felix' wedding boutonniere on the floor, as well as traces of dried blood. That night, Bond and Sharkey infiltrate the Ocean Exotica, splitting up to cover more ground. Killifer has been ordered to hide here until Krest's flagship, the Wavekrest, can pick him up. Bond finds that Sanchez is smuggling packets of cocaine in the maggots Krest uses for his fish, but is discovered and has to take out two guards. The ensuing scuffle gives Killifer a chance to ambush him. Keeping his Magnum trained on Bond, Killifer opens the feeding pit. Before he can shoot Bond or usher him into the tank, he is knocked off balance by Sharkey, who emerges from another trap door directly below him. Bond seizes the opportunity and knocks him into the feeding pit. Killifer grabs onto a rope above the water, and motions to the briefcase holding his bribe money; if Bond saves him, he can have half of it. Bond throws the briefcase at him, causing him to lose his grip and fall into the water, where he is promptly eaten by the shark. Sharkey deems it a terrible waste....of money. The next morning, Hawkins confronts Bond over his recent actions, which have violated several local laws. He summons two nearby MI6 agents, telling Bond that he is in over his head, and this is where it ends. The MI6 agents take Bond to Hemingway House, where M (Robert Brown) is waiting for him. M chastises Bond for his unprofessional attitude, insisting the Leiter knew that risks of the job, and Sanchez is outside their jurisdiction. Bond insists that the Americans will not do anything about Sanchez, but M considers this irrelevant, since they have not requested MI6's help on this matter. When Bond threatens to resign, M suspends him and immediately revokes his license to kill. Bond flees from MI6 custody and becomes a rogue agent. With Sharkey's help, Bond learns that the Wavekrest is out to sea to test an automated submersible prototype, Sentinel. Bond boards the ship and finds Lupe sleeping in the captain's quarters. She tells him that Sanchez is not on board, and she doesn't know where he is. She covers for Bond (at knifepoint) when Krest checks up on her, and suggests that Bond leave before he gets them both killed. They then hear a commotion coming from outside. Bond and Lupe look out the window and see a patrol boat rendezvousing with the Wavekrest, displaying Sharkey's dead body like a trophy. The patrol leader, Clive, tells Krest that he caught Sharkey snooping around where he shouldn't have been, and jokes about Sharkey's poor choice of nickname. Lupe is disgusted, but Bond reminds her that she chose to be a drug lord's mistress. Bond escapes from the Wavekrest by shooting Clive and stealing his scuba gear. Krest is using Sentinel to smuggle drugs to Sanchez's distributors, who have arrived via seaplane. Still underwater, Bond sabotages Sentinel before making his escape on one of the seaplanes, stealing $5 million on the way. Knowing that he will need allies to carry out his operation against Sanchez, Bond breaks into Leiter's house and uses his computer to find a list of informants who have infiltrated Sanchez's empire. Only one of them is still alive, an ex-military pilot by the name of Pamela Bouvier. He meets Bouvier at a Bimini bar, recognizing her as the woman from Leiter's wedding reception. Their conversation is interrupted when Dario arrives at the bar. Bouvier explains Dario used to be with the Contras before he was expelled for his sociopathic tendencies. She tells Bond to keep quiet and let her and her shotgun do the talking. Dario claims to want to hire her for a smuggling job, but she knows that it is a setup for her to be killed. Bond and Bouvier start a barroom brawl in order to escape, and they fight their way to a motorboat. Dario pulls out a Magnum revolver and fires at them, eventually hitting Bouvier in the back. She is saved by a Kevlar vest. Once they are a safe distance away, Bond asks Bouvier to fly him to Isthmus City. Bouvier warns that it will not be cheap. In addition to her fee of $100,000, Bond will have to throw around some serious money to make his presence felt in the city. In London, Miss Moneypenny (Caroline Bliss) tells M that she has not found any indication that Bond has left the United States. M tells her that she should know better, Bond is gong to go after Sanchez alone, without support from the Americans or any other agency, and it is a diplomatic incident waiting to happen. They have an agent in Isthmus City, and he is to receive regular updates. After M leaves, Moneypenny calls Q Branch. Bond and Bouvier travel to Isthmus City, renting a room at the luxurious Casino de Ithsmus hotel. Bouvier decides to stay with Bond, posing as Ms. Kennedy, his "executive secretary." She directs Bond to deposit the $5 million he stole from the Wavekrest into a bank which launders Sanchez's drug money, then alters her appearance by getting a conservative haircut and high end clothing, to better fit the part. Sanchez is currently arranging a summit with Triad Dragon Heads (bosses) that he wishes to do business with. He also has a complicated moneymaking scheme involving a phony meditation retreat, the Olympatec Meditation Institute, run by an American televangelist, Professor Joe Butcher (Wayne Newton), who solicits "donations" that are actually the market prices for drugs Sanchez smuggles out of a distribution facility that the meditation institute is a front for. Bond makes his presence felt by playing blackjack at the casino, bringing $250,000 to the table. Sanchez, who is watching via security cameras, tells the casino staff to let him play when he notices how much money he has. Bond easily beats the pit bosses, but Lupe is dispatched by Sanchez to put an end to his winning streak. Bond is brought before Sanchez and meets two more of his associates, his head of security, Colonel Heller (Don Stroud), and his accountant, Truman Lodge (Anthony Starke). Bond claims that he is there to look for work, during the conversation he studies the office for any weakness in security, noting a building across the street that appears to be closed for renovations. Sanchez's interest is piqued, but he remains guarded, warning Bond that no one saw him coming into his hotel, so nobody has to see him come out. He allows Bond to leave, but confiscates his gun, implying that it will be returned once Heller's background check is complete. After he is returned to his hotel room, Bond tells Bouvier that the windows in Sanchez's office are high grade bulletproof plexiglass, so regular weapons will be useless against it. They receive a surprise visitor in the form of Q (Desmond Llewelyn). Moneypenny has informed him of Bond's situation, and he wants to help. He is currently on leave, so it is entirely unofficial. He provides Bond with plastic explosive and a sniper rifle (that is disguised as a camera) with an optical palm readout that ensures that only Bond can fire it. Bond sneaks to the roof of the hotel and uses a grappling line to rappel down, planting plastic explosives in the window of Sanchez's office and adjoining conference room. Inside, Sanchez tells the Triad leaders that they can become a part of his "franchise" if they pay him $100 million. He has already devised reasonable distribution deals based on a case-by-case basis on the size of each Triad's gang and the territory they control. The sole holdout is a man named Kwang (Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa), who wants to see Sanchez's main distribution center. Truman Lodge protests, but Kwang reminds him that $100 million is a serious investment, and the other Triads agree. Sanchez reluctantly acquiesces to their wishes, then directs them to a roomful of callgirls. Once the Triads leave, Sanchez tells Heller that they need to keep an eye on Kwang. Bond heads toward the closed building and sets up a sniper's nest. He curiously sees Bouvier talking with Heller in one of the other rooms. After she leaves, Bond detonates the explosives. However, before he can fire the fatal shot into Sanchez's head, he is disarmed by a team of ninjas. Though he puts up a strong fight, they eventually overpower him. They take him to their hideout, where he meets Kwang and another MI6 agent, Fallon (Christopher Neame). As Bond is placed in restraints, Kwang reveals that he is an undercover agent for Hong Kong Narcotics, planning a major sting operation inside Sanchez's operation, but the assassination will likely mean that Sanchez and the Triads will go underground. Fallon assures Kwang that Bond's actions were not authorized by his government, and he will be brought back to England to account for his actions. As Fallon prepares a sedative, Sanchez's troops, led by Heller, bombard the safehouse with artillery. Fallon is killed right away, and Kwang is wounded. Kwang then commits suicide with a cyanide capsule before Sanchez can interrogate him (out of frustration, Sanchez shoots Kwang's body several times). The soldiers find Bond unconscious, but alive, and Sanchez orders him to be taken to his private island. Bond awakens in a spacious guest bedroom, and Sanchez asks him why he was at Kwang's safehouse. Bond spins an elaborate fabrication that plays on Sanchez's existing paranoia, successfully convincing him that Kwang's team were an elite mercenary unit hired to kill Sanchez that thought Bond would be a threat because of his old loyalties. They seemed well-enough informed to suggest a security leak in Sanchez's organization. Sanchez insists that this is impossible, but after Bond leaves, he tells Heller they may have a problem with Krest. Lupe smuggles Bond off the island during one of her "shopping trips" to the mainland. After returning to the hotel, Bond confronts Bouvier about her meeting with Heller. She reveals that Sanchez bought Stinger missiles from the Contras, which he would threaten to use in terrorist attacks on American targets unless the DEA stopped pursuing him. Leiter had offered Heller amnesty if he helped get the Stingers back. However, Bond's assassination attempt scared him into backing out of the deal. That night, the Wavekrest docks, and Sanchez is there to greet it, accompanied by Lupe, Perez, and Braun. Bouvier disguises herself as the Wavecrest's new helmsman, to give Bond time to infiltrate the boat underwater, then crashes the boat into the dock. She rendezvous with Bond in the aft section, strips down to a one-piece swimsuit, then helps Bond plant the $5 million he had stolen into the hyperbaric chamber. Sanchez questions Krest about the Sentinel incident. He has brought Lupe with him, as he has found that Krest cannot lie in front of her. Perez and Braun set out to find a safe, eventually discovering the planted money in the hyperbaric chamber. Furious at the apparent betrayal, Sanchez locks Krest in the chamber and then rapidly depressurises it, causing his head to explode. Sanchez orders Perez and Braun to clean the money (in more ways than one). Bond and Bouvier rendezvous with Q, who has disguised himself as a fisherman. Bond tells them they need to part company, as the authorities will be looking for them now. Unbeknownst to either of them, Bond has returned to Sanchez, being welcomed into his inner circle for his perceived loyalty. The next morning, Lupe visits Bouvier and Q, revealing that Bond lied to them on the dock, he spent the night at Sanchez's estate, and slept with her. Bond thinks that he has earned Sanchez's trust, but Sanchez isn't stupid, and has Bond placed under intense scrutiny. It is only a matter of time before he is discovered, so she wants him extracted before that happens. Bouvier is furious, but cooler heads prevail, and she and Q devise a plan. Sanchez takes Bond to his distribution center, built underneath the Olympatec Meditation Institute. Bond learns that Sanchez's scientists can dissolve cocaine in gasoline and then sell it disguised as fuel to the Triads. The re-integration process where the cocaine is extracted from the gasoline will be available after Sanchez receives the second half of his franchising fee. Unbeknownst to Bond, Dario has joined Sanchez, bringing the Stingers and two rocket launchers with him. Meanwhile, Bouvier has made her way to the OMI by disguising herself as a student. She seduces Professor Joe, then steals a key to gain access to the distribution center. During Sanchez's presentation, Dario recognizes Bond from the bar fight and tells Sanchez that Bond is their enemy. Bond headbutts Dario and starts a fire in the lab, but he is overpowered and placed on the conveyor belt that drops the brick-cocaine into a giant strawcutter. Before Sanchez can lower Bond into the strawcutter, Heller tells them that the fire is beyond their control, they need to move all their merchandise. Sanchez and most of his men leave to help Heller, while Dario hangs back to finish off Bond. Bouvier arrives and shoots Dario, allowing Bond to drop Dario into the strawcutter, which rips him apart. Amid the chaos, Heller attempts to load the Stingers into a helicopter. Sanchez orders they be moved to his car instead, and secretly orders Braun to kill Heller. Four articulated tanker trucks full of the cocaine/gasoline mixture are able to escape the compound before it is destroyed. Bond and Bouvier also escape, and use a plane to catch up with the convoy. Bond hijacks the first tanker, dislodging the trailer and using the cab to pursue the other vehicles. Sanchez decides to "cut overhead" by shooting Truman-Lodge, then gives Perez a rocket launcher and orders him to set up an ambush. Bond avoids Perez's rocket with some precision driving, and one of the other tankers is destroyed instead. As Bond closes in on the last tanker, Perez and Braun give chase in a pickup truck. However, during the ensuing chase, they drive through a wall of flame, setting their tires ablaze. They lose control of their vehicle, eventually plummeting off a cliff, narrowly avoiding Bouvier's plane. Sanchez fires a rocket at Bouvier's plane, grazing the tail and forcing her to make an emergency landing. Sanchez draws a machete and attacks Bond aboard the final remaining tanker, which loses control and crashes. As Bond crawls away, Sanchez, covered in gasoline, and still wielding his machete, overpowers him. Sanchez tells Bond he should have accepted his offer to join him, he could have had everything. Bond then reveals the engraved cigarette lighter, and sets Sanchez afire. Burning alive, Sanchez stumbles into the wrecked tanker truck's cistern and causes it to explode. Bouvier rescues Bond, driving the cab from one of the destroyed tankers. Later, a party is held at Sanchez's former residence. Bond receives a call from Leiter, who reveals that his doctors were able to save his arm, and he is planning on going fishing once it heals. He adds that he received a call from M, implying that all is forgiven in regards to MI6. Bond chooses to reject Lupe's advances, suggesting the country's president as a better match, and romances Bouvier instead.
tt0108160
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Sam Baldwin, a Chicago architect, has lost his wife (Carey Lowell) to cancer. He counsels his 8 year old son, Jonah (Ross Malinger), that it's hard to understand why she had to die, warning his son that if a person starts asking that question, they just go crazy. Sam decides he and Jonah should move to Seattle, Washington to make a fresh start. Sixteen months later Sam is still disconsolate and Jonah is worried. So, on Christmas Eve, Jonah calls Dr. Marcia Fieldstone, a clinical psychologist who hosts a national radio talk show, and he requests a new wife for his father. Dr. Fieldstone persuades Jonah to put Sam on the phone. Sam is upset, but he talks to Dr. Fieldstone about how he's been taking it a day at a time and that he's not sure he could ever love another woman. He admits that it would be best if Jonah had a mother figure. When Dr. Fieldstone learns that Sam has trouble sleeping, she decides to refer to him as Sleepless in Seattle. Thousands of women around the country, touched by the sad story of Sleepless in Seattle, send him letters (Jonah secretly provides Dr. Fieldstone with the address). Annie Reed, a journalist from Baltimore, Maryland, engaged to a nice but allergy-prone man named Walter (Bill Pullman), also hears the show with Dr. Fieldstone. Annie has been having doubts about her future with Walter and she begins to wonder about a possible connection between her and Sam. She actually drafts a letter to Sam, but decides not to send it. Her friend and co-worker, Becky (Rosie O'Donnell) secretly sends it to Sam. Jonah, who has been working his way through the flood of mail, finds Annie's missive and thinks the fact that shes a fan of Brooks Robinson of the Baltimore Orioles is a "sign." The movie includes a number of such signs or omens. Jonah tries to convince his father to go to New York City to meet Annie at the top of the Empire State Building on Valentine's Day (as her letter suggested), but Sam says no, it's too far away. Sam has resisted dating anyone, but after he comes home from work one afternoon to find Jonah sitting very close and listening to records with a precocious young girl named Jessica (Gaby Hoffmann), he feels an urgent need to try and find a mother-type for Jonah. Sam thinks it's probably best to associate with women he already knows, so he calls an acquaintance from work, Victoria (Barbara Garrick), and arranges a date. Jonah immediately dislikes Victoria her, because he didn't select her (he wants Sam to meet Annie) and she has a cackling, hyena-like laugh. On the advice of Jessica, Jonah mails a letter to Annie, pretending to be Sam and agreeing to meet her at the top of the Empire State Building on Valentine's Day. Annie decides to do a news story on Sleepless in Seattle, and she tells Walter that she needs to travel to Chicago to do an interview for the story. She then flies out to Seattle. Coincidentally, Sam and Jonah are at the airport in Seattle, dropping Victoria off for a flight, and Annie arrives at the same gate. Sam sees her and is immediately attracted, however she quickly disappears into the crowd. Annie rents a car and drives to Sam's house. Sam and Jonah have returned from the airport and are just taking a small boat out for a ride. Annie is able to follow them in her car, as they stay close to land. She watches Sam and Jonah playing on the beach together, but she doesn't try to approach them. She talks to Becky about it that night and decides that the next day, she will go up and talk to Sam. The next day, she gets out of her car and starts across the street, but stops short when she sees Sam and Jonah hugging Sam's sister, who came to visit. A truck driver blasts his horn at Annie, as she's standing in traffic. Sam looks up, sees her, and approaches her. They exchange hellos. Rather than wait for traffic to clear and go on across the street, Annie decides she is being silly about the whole thing, that Sam obviously has a girlfriend, and she goes back to New York and Walter. Jessica decides that Jonah should go to New York by himself to meet Annie, since Sam won't go. She then calls and makes the flight reservation. Jonah manages to get to New York and takes a taxi to the Empire State Building, telling the driver that he's going to meet his new mother. Once Sam finds out from Jessica where Jonah went, he rushes off in pursuit. He doesn't catch up to Jonah until he gets to the observation deck of the Empire State Building, where Jonah has been patiently waiting for Annie to appear. Meanwhile, Annie is at dinner with Walter at a high rise across the way. She's explaining the entire Sleepless in Seattle story to Walter. Walter doesn't want to be someone that Annie settles for in life, so he agrees to take back the ring he had given her. Annie then hurries on over to the Empire State Building just in case Sam's letter was legitimate. Jonah and Sam get on the down elevator just as Annie is exiting the elevator she's on. They miss each other. However, Annie discovers Jonah's backpack with Howard, his teddy bear, inside. As she's pondering that, Jonah and Sam come back out to the observation deck to retrieve the backpack, and they see and meet Annie for the first time. Sam notices the guard getting antsy, as the observation floor is officially closed, and says "we'd better go", then holds out his hand to Annie and adds, shall we? Jimmy Durante is singing Make Someone Happy as the camera pans around the outside of the Empire State Building, with the windows lit up like red hearts on each side, then the scene draws way back into space so that we see an outline of the entire U.S. with fireworks shooting high above as the movie ends.
tt0117381
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Martin Vail (Richard Gere) is a prominent, cynical defense attorney in Chicago who loves the public spotlight and does everything he can to get his high-paying clients off crimes they commit on legal technicalties. One day, Vail sees a news report about the arrest of Aaron Stampler (Edward Norton), a young, stuttering, simpleton altar boy accused of murdering the beloved and hightly respected Archbishop Rushman (Stanley Anderson) of the Catholic Church in Chicago. As a result, Vail jumps at the chance to represent the young man pro-bono. At first, the spotlight-loving Vail is interested primarily in the publicity that the case will bring, yet during his meetings at the county jail with Aaron, Vail comes to believe that his client is truly innocent, much to the chagrin of the prosecutor (and Vail's former lover), Janet Venable (Laura Linney). As the murder trial begins, Vail discovers that powerful civic leaders, including the corrupt District Attorney John Shaughnessy (John Mahoney) as well as the mayor and even the regional governor, have lost millions of dollars in real estate investments due to a decision by the Archbishop not to develop on certain church lands. The Archbishop received numerous death threats as a result. Vail also learns through the grapevine that the archbishop had been sexually abusing altar boys, including Stampler. Introducing this evidence, while it would make Stampler more sympathetic to the jury, would also give his client a motive for murder, something the prosecution otherwise has lacked. The trial does not proceed well for the defense, as there is considerable evidence against Stampler since he was found running from the crime scene of the Archbishop's apartment with blood splattered all over his clothes, and he claims not to remember anything about the murder. However, public opinion holds Stampler almost certainly guilty and there are denials by the public about the Archbishop's true nature of being a pedophile. After Vail sneaks into the Archbishop's apartment to look for more evidence, he finds a pornographic videotape of Aaron Stampler with another alter boy and a teenage girl, named Linda, performing in sexual acts while the Archbishop is behind the camera filming everything. Vail anonymously sends a copy of it to Janet knowing that she will introduce it as evidence, against the advice of D.A. John Shaughnessy who wants to keep his dirty dealings with Archbishop Rushman hidden at any cost. When Vail confronts his client and accuses him of having lied, Aaron breaks down crying and suddenly transforms into a new persona: a violent, foul-mouthed sociopath who calls himself "Roy." He confesses to the murder of the Archbishop for the years of molestation and abuse. "Roy" then throws Vail against a wall of his jail cell, injuring him. When this incident is over, Aaron Stampler reemerges and appears to have no recollection of it. Molly Arrington (Frances McDormand), the psychiatrist examining Aaron, is convinced he suffers from multiple personality disorder due to childhood abuse by his own father, in which apparently resurfaced following the molestation of the Archbishop upon him. However, Vail realizes that he cannot enter an insanity plea during an ongoing trial. As a result, Vail begins to sets up a confrontation in court by dropping hints about the Archbishop's true nature as well as Aaron's multi-personality disorder. At the climax, Vail puts Aaron on the witness stand where he gently probes him in direct examination over his unhappy childhood and troubled dealings with the Archbishop. During cross-examination, after Janet Venable questions him harshly, Aaron turns into Roy in open court and charges at her, threatening to snap her neck if anyone comes near him. Aaron is subdued by courthouse marshals and is rushed back to his holding cell. In light of Aaron's apparent insanity, the judge (Alfre Woodard) dismisses the jury in favor of a bench trial and then finds Aaron not guilty by reason of mental insanity, and remands him to a maximum security mental hospital. Yet afterwords, Janet is fired from her job by her boss for allowing the corrupt dealings of the Archbishop to be made public as well as the sexual abuse of alter boys that both the Catholic Church and the city council have been trying to keep under wraps. In the final scene, Vail visits Aaron in his cell to tell him this news. Aaron says he recalls nothing of what happened in the courtroom, having again "lost time." However, just as Vail is leaving, Aaron asks him to: "tell Miss Venable I hope her neck is okay," which is not something that Aaron should have been able to remember if he had "lost time." Due to this slip, Vail points this out, whereupon Aaron Stampler grins slyly and reveals that he has been pretending to be insane the whole time. No longer stuttering, the murderous but perfectly sane Aaron admits that he didn't make up the identity of Roy... he made up the character of Aaron. Aaron Stampler now admits to having murdered Archbishop Rushman, as well as his girlfriend, Linda, whom the cleric also had molested. Aware that he would not get away with killing the Archbishop, Aaron made up his simpleton personality to gain sympathy from his lawyer as well as the judge and jury, and when his scheme had become compromised, he made up the name of 'Roy' (his real sociopathic personality) to make it appear that he committed the murder under a split personality. Stunned and disillusioned at how he was so easily fooled and manipulated by his own client, Vail walks away, with Aaron/Roy taunting him from the cell. Vail leaves the courthouse through the back door and takes a taxi away, now more angry and cynical then ever, but ashamed to be in the public light anymore.
tt0128853
Comedy,Drama,Romance
An updating of 1940 The Shop Around the Corner and the1949 musical version, In the Good Old Summertime, to the Internet Age, You've Got Mail follows the squabbling and romance of two competing book retailers on Manhattan's Upper West Side. Kathleen Kelly (Meg Ryan) awakens to the latest comments by her newspaper columnist boyfriend Frank Navasky (Greg Kinnear) on how computers are ushering in the fall of civilization. Once she has made quite sure Frank has left for the day, Kathleen starts her computer and goes on-line. She doesn't want Frank to know that she's exchanging e-mails with a man she's never met, Joe Fox (Tom Hanks). He is also keeping this a secret from his own girlfriend, publishing executive Patricia Eden (Parker Posey). Kathleen and Joe avoid discussing anything that might reveal their identities to each other, keeping to such subjects as pets, the changing seasons, and the charm of New York. They know each other only by their Internet handles "Shopgirl" and "NY152". Joe is an important executive in his family's business, Fox & Sons, a bookstore chain. Currently, he is readying a new "Superstore" (like a large Borders or Barnes & Noble). He has a bit of trouble attending to work rather than musing on Shopgirl's latest e-mail, but friend and subordinate Kevin (Dave Chappelle) finally gets him to focus. Joe says that although the locals won't think they want a big chain store, he knows he can seduce them with discount prices and cappuccino. Joe decides it's time to put up signs announcing that the Superstore is coming. Meanwhile, Kathleen starts a new day at her charming little children's bookstore, "The Shop Around the Corner", a long-time local landmark. She has doubts about her on-line relationship and discusses with cyber-savvy employee Christina (Heather Burns) whether it counts as cheating on Frank. Ultimately, she decides there's no real problem because "It's nothing." At Fox Books corporate HQ, Joe reports on the new store's progress and potential competition (including The Shop Around the Corner) to his father (Dabney Coleman) and grandfather (John Randolph). The latter revels that Kathleen's store was founded by her mother, with whom he had briefly exchanged letters and found her "enchanting". Another piece of news: Joe's father is planning to marry his taste-challenged girlfriend Gillian (Cara Seymour), the mother of his four-year old son Matt (Jeffrey Scaperrotta). This becomes another item to share in an e-mail to Shopgirl, who responds with anecdotes of her own. Kathleen's employees are dismayed to see the "Fox Books Superstore coming soon" sign on a building only half a block from The Shop Around the Corner. However, Kathleen is confident that her store's vastly superior service will prevent this from damaging her business. She ignores the ominous words from staffer George (Steve Zahn), "But they discount." Boyfriend Frank is quite supportive of Kathleen's optimistic assessment, but entirely oblivious to her uncertainties about whether running the store is really all she wants to do in her life. These are sentiments she can only share with NY152. One day, Joe is left in charge of his half-brother Matt and his Aunt Annabel (Hallee Hirsh), who is Joe's grandfather's ten-year-old daughter. In search of ways to keep them entertained, he takes them to a reading at The Shop Around the Corner, where he finally meets Kathleen in person. Joe is determined not to spoil a pleasant encounter by revealing that he's her competitor. The kids seem determined to spill the beans (Matt shows off the only word he can spell - FOX), but Joe laughs this off, manages to change the subject, and leaves with his secret intact. Still unknown to either of them is the bigger secret that they are each other's e-mail correspondents. The Superstore finally opens and is a big hit. The effect on Kathleen's sales is immediate and sharp. She claims this is just because the Fox store is new and that things will soon be back to normal, but she seems to be trying to convince herself. She and Frank attend an author friend's party, where she runs into Joe. He tries to preserve his anonymity, but is soon unmasked. His earlier attempts at secrecy now completely backfire, as Kathleen is convinced that Joe was spying on her. Her accusations, and her apparent contempt for big stores like Joe's, provoke him to belittle her shop as "insignificant but full of its own virtue." Late that night, Joe has trouble sleeping because he regrets some of the nasty things he said to Kathleen, but he can only reveal this to his confidante, Shopgirl. She admires his ability to come up with deflating comments on the spot, something she's never been able to do. From this point on, relations between Kathleen and Joe become icy, and they usually avoid acknowledging each other when they happen to meet, which occurs surprisingly often. After further discussion with longtime friend and store bookkeeper Birdie (Jean Stapleton), Kathleen admits that the problems at her store aren't going to solve themselves, and writes to NY152 for advice. Since she won't reveal to him that she's in the book business, he gives her general business advice summed up in the Godfather quote "Go to the mattresses". He explains this as meaning "Fight to the death" and also gives her his mantra "It's not personal, it's business". Kathleen accepts this advice and starts an anti-Fox Books campaign, including media coverage, a neighborhood rally, and picketing at the Superstore. This, particularly Kathleen's TV interview where she twists some of his words to suit her purposes, is aggravating to Joe, but ultimately doesn't have any impact on her sales problem. Finally, Kathleen decides that to get the support she needs in this crisis, she should meet NY152 in person. The on-line friends, still not exchanging names, arrange to meet at Cafe Lalo. Joe brings Kevin along and has him check out who's there (with the agreed upon identifier, a book with a rose). Kevin recognizes Kathleen from her TV interview and lets Joe know. Resenting that Shopgirl turns out to be someone he dislikes, he threatens to leave, but finally enters the cafe. However, rather than revealing that he's NY152, he pretends he has again merely bumped into her. He makes cynical comments about her book, Pride and Prejudice, and the fact that someone has apparently stood her up. As their arguing progresses, Kathleen finally comes up with a dig that succeeds in hurting Joe, "You are nothing but a suit". He leaves, and at first seems unwilling to continue their on-line exchanges. After he reads an e-mail expressing how she values NY152, plus her regrets for being cruel to the unpleasant person who was there instead of him, he resumes the correspondence. Changes in the characters' lives quickly follow. Kathleen decides to close her store. She and Frank admit they aren't in love, and part amicably. Joe has an epiphany on a stuck elevator and leaves Patricia, moving to his boat. Although it involves no immediate financial hardship, the store closing is painful for Kathleen, as it ends a connection she had to her mother. Joe's dad breaks up with Gillian, who has started a relationship with Matt's nanny (Katie Finneran). While discussing this with Joe, he mocks the notion of ever finding "the one person who fills you with true joy" - at which Joe appears to come to a realization. Still not revealing that he's NY152, Joe makes a concerted effort to become friends with Kathleen. He brings her flowers when she has a cold and accepts her criticism of his "It's not personal, it's business" philosophy. When she reveals that she only knows the man she was expecting at Cafe Lalo from e-mail, he encourages her to meet him. Joe gently stops Kathleen as she's about to make a crack he knows she'll later regret, and they are both surprised by the intimacy of the moment. On following days, he manages to spend more time with her, showing that he can be amusing and supportive. Kathleen mentions that she is making progress as a children's author and that NY152 had given her the idea to try. One day, she tells Joe that she in finally going to meet NY152 later that afternoon. Joe expresses his regrets about the hostility at the beginning of their relationship, and says if it hadn't been for this, he would have asked her out "for as long as we both shall live". Kathleen is moved, but has to leave for her rendezvous. This time there are no tricks, and when she sees Joe and realizes what this means, she tells him "I wanted it to be you." They kiss - a bit awkwardly at first, but then with conviction.
tt0199753
Action,Sci-Fi,Thriller
Mission Commander Kate Bowman (Carrie-Anne Moss - The Matrix) is the pilot and commander of the most important mission of the 21st century - saving the human race. It's 2050, Earth is dying, and colonizing Mars is the only alternative to obliteration. But what happens when Bowman and her crew get there is far more terrifying than anyone could have guessed: a crash-landing leaves them without scientific, communication or escape equipment: and causes their military mapping and exploration robot to malfunction into an enemy. But as the landing team explores the harsh new planet they make the most baffling discovery of them all: Mars may be barren, but its not uninhabited.
tt0119081
Horror,Sci-Fi,Thriller
In the near future, humanity has successfully colonized the Moon and several planets, and is venturing deeper into space. In the year 2040, the starship Event Horizon was sent on a secret mission, but it disappeared without a trace beyond the planet Neptune at the outer rim of the solar system; her loss was considered the worst space disaster on record, with her entire 18-person crew missing and presumed dead. In 2047, the ship suddenly reappears. Event Horizon's designer and widower Dr. William Weir (Sam Neill), who is living on a space station orbiting Earth and is tormented by the memory of his dead wife, receives a call that he has to report to the station's dock. The rescue ship Lewis and Clark, commanded by Capt. Miller (Laurence Fishburne), is dispatched on a secret mission, with Dr. Weir coming along. Aboard the ship, Weir tries to introduce himself to the captain and crew, but there is very little time to socialize, as most team members were hastily pulled out of shore leave for this mission. The crew is put into stasis (which means being put in an induced sleep in a water tank) due to the immense G-forces released during the flight to Neptune. While in stasis, Dr. Weir suddenly wakes up, and is released from his tank. He walks around the ship, learning that he is the only one awake. While making his way to the bridge, he finds his late wife Claire (Holley Chant) sitting naked at the helm; when she turns around, her eyes are missing from their sockets. Screaming, he suddenly wakes up back in his stasis tank, as the Lewis and Clark is nearing its target; apparently, he just had a vivid nightmare, and he is released from the tank. After a short recovery, the crew is anxious to learn what secret mission they have been dispatched to in such a hurry. Dr. Weir informs them that their mission is to salvage the Event Horizon, which has reappeared in a decaying orbit around Neptune, more than three billion kilometers from the nearest outpost on Saturn's moon Titan. After several incredulous reactions from the crew who still believe that ship was destroyed, Weir explains that the ship was actually built by the government to test a secret, experimental, faster-than-light gravity drive. The drive creates an artificial black hole to bridge two points in space, which significantly reduces journey time and creates the illusion of faster-than-light travel. The ship had been on its initial test flight, intended to reach Proxima Centauri, but subsequently vanished without a trace, and a cover story of the ship being destroyed was fed to the public. When asked where the ship has been those seven years, Weir answers that they are here to find out. Weir plays for the crew the only audio transmission received since the ship's reappearance: a series of garbled and intensely disturbing screams and shouts. A human voice that was embedded in the transmission was filtered from the recording. Medic D.J. (Jason Isaacs) identifies it as a Latin phrase, "liberate me" ("save me"). Upon approaching the drifting vessel, X.O. Starck (Joely Richardson) tries to contact the ship, but there is no response. After a short fly-over, the Lewis and Clark docks with the Horizon. Sensors indicate the artificial gravity is off-line, as well as the climate system. No definitive traces of human life are found; these inconclusive sensor readings lead Captain Miller, Engineer Justin (Jack Noseworthy) and Medical Tech Peters (Kathleen Quinlan) to board the Horizon in space suits to search for survivors. They enter via the ship's main corridor, which separates the two parts of the ship. The corridor is lined with explosives as an emergency measure: in case of a catastrophe, the explosives will split the ship in two, separating the aft engine room containing the gravity drive from the forward section which contains the bridge, and can be used as an escape vessel. In the corridor, the team splits up: Peters proceeds to the bridge, where she discovers a floating human corpse, mutilated and frozen, with both eyes gouged out. She successfully retrieves some of the on-board transmissions as Justin enters the ship's gravity core. It consists of a metal orb with rotating rings around it, and a pool of water below. Upon entering, the lights suddenly turn on, and the orb seems to open, revealing a black, liquid-like mirror inside; it sucks Justin inside as he touches it, and emits a large gravity shock wave, breaching the hull of the Clark. Rescue Tech Cooper (Richard T. Jones) manages to pull Justin out of the core by his tether, but he comes out catatonic. The crew manages to restore the climate system and artificial gravity, which immediately causes the frozen corpse on the bridges to fall down and shatter; Justin is brought to the medical bay. Weir maintains that the gravity drive could never have activated by itself, but Miller declares the drive off-limits for the entire crew. There is no trace of the former crew, save from the remains of the corpse, and what seems to be human bones and tissue lining the windows as some sort of macabre decoration. With the Clark heavily damaged, the remaining crew members have no choice but to transfer to the Horizon, which only contains 20 hours of usable oxygen. Pilot Smith (Sean Pertwee) voices his concern that there is something very wrong with the Horizon, and refuses to stay on board longer than necessary. He and Cooper start working on repairs on the outside. Soon afterward, the rescuers begin to experience strange sightings. In the medical bay, Peters sees images of her son Denny (Barclay Wright), whom she had to leave with her ex-husband: his legs are covered in bloody lesions. She finds a video log of the crew happily preparing for the journey, which is abruptly followed by a log with scrambled images; however, the audio is unmistakably the disturbing sound from the ship's last transmission. She will try to clear it up, but there is a sudden power drain coming from the gravity drive. Justin suddenly starts to convulse, and rambles that 'the dark is coming'. Weir and Miller go to the gravity drive, and Weir enters a compartment to fix the drain, but he sees his wife again without her eyes, urging him to join her. In the meanwhile, Miller sees a burning man rising from the water pool below the gravity drive. The team members discuss the hallucinations; Miller believes them to be real manifestations and not imaginary. Smith lashes out at Weir, stating that by creating a ship that defies the laws of nature, he has unleashed something unnatural that killed the first crew. The rest subdue him, and Miller orders him to resume the repairs outside. Starck then confronts Miller with an outrageous theory: she thinks that the Event Horizon has become a living entity itself; like an immune system, it is showing an increasing response to the foreign human presence, by causing hallucinations of increasing intensity. A short time later, Peters notices that Justin has emerged from his catatonia and left the medical bay. Suddenly, there is another power drain followed by loud bangs. Several crew members witness how a door is dented by an unseen force. Weir attempts to open it, but is stopped by Starck. Then an alarm goes off: Justin is standing in an air lock, and attempts suicide by ejecting himself into space without a space suit, saying he is tormented by horrific images he saw of "the dark inside me" when he was inside the ship's gravity core. Although Justin snaps out of his trance, the ejection procedure cannot be stopped. The airlock opens and Justin is expelled into space. Captain Miller, who was overseeing the repairs outside, arrives in a space suit just in time to take him back in, but Justin is seriously injured due to the decompression, and put in stasis. Weir seems unshaken by the events. With only 4 hours of breathable air left, Miller demands answers from Weir about what is causing the manifestations and Justin's behavior, but Weir doesn't know, nor does he have any idea where the ship exactly went and stayed for the past 7 years. Miller leaves and experiences more hallucinations, hearing cries for help. Miller talks to D.J., telling him the burning man was a subordinate he was once forced to abandon in a fire on one of his previous ships. It appears that the Event Horizon has returned with a supernatural presence that is using its occupants' personal torments against them. D.J. hears Miller's story, and says he listened to the original recording again; he now believes he was mistaken the first time: the voice actually says "liberate tutame ex inferis", or "save yourself from Hell". D.J. actually believes that the ship's drive successfully opened a gateway in space-time, but it actually led the ship outside the known universe and into another dimension, which must be close to the human concept of 'hell'. The scrambled video log is suddenly reconstructed; to the crew's horror, it shows the original crew engaging in a frenzy of torture, self-mutilation, cannibalism and sodomy, minutes after activating the gravity drive. The ship's senior officer, Cpt. Kilpack (Peter Marinker), is seen uttering the Latin message while holding his own eyes in his hands. With the Lewis and Clark now repaired by Smith and Cooper, Miller decides to abandon the Horizon immediately and destroy it, despite the strong objections of Weir. Miller threatens to leave Weir on the ship if he doesn't come home, but Weir says that he is "already home", and leaves. Smith and Peters prepare to evacuate by collecting all the Event Horizon's remaining oxygen filters at the gravity core. Smith leaves as quickly as possible, but Peters is lured back in when she sees her son again. She follows him to the upper level, and is led to her death by plummeting down a shaft as a result of being tricked by the manifestation of her son. Weir, having abandoned the crew and arriving at the core, discovers her body. He suddenly sees a vision of his wife, who committed suicide in her bathtub because she was lonely and he was never around. Stricken by grief and guilt, Weir is compelled by her reanimated form to return to the "hell dimension", and tears out his own eyes. Miller is inspecting the main corridor when he notices one of the explosives missing. He warns Smith over the com to be on the lookout for Weir. Smith, who is aboard the Lewis and Clark, checks the hold and sees Weir leaving. Suspecting that Weir may have put the bomb aboard the Clark, he feverishly tries to save his ship, but finds the bomb with only a few seconds left on the counter. Just as Miller arrives near the docking port, the Clark explodes, killing Smith and causing Cooper, who was still outside on the ship's hull, to be thrown into space. Miller grabs one of the bolt guns used to repair the Clark, and warns D.J. over the com to look for Weir and kill him, if possible. However, Weir gets the drop on D.J. and kills him with a surgical scalpel. Miller arrives at the medical facility and finds D.J.'s corpse, vivisected and left suspended from the ceiling. He continues to look for Starck, finding her unconscious on the bridge. He leaves the gun, but discovers that Weir is waiting there for him as well. Seemingly possessed by the evil presence on board and without eyes, Weir threatens them with the bolt gun, saying the ship became "alive" when it went to a dimension of "pure chaos, pure evil". He activates the ship's gravity drive, beginning a ten-minute countdown after which the gateway will open, and the Horizon will return to the chaos/Hell dimension with her new crew. Cooper, having used his space suit's oxygen to propel him back to the ship, emerges outside one of the windows, prompting Weir to shoot it. The bridge rapidly decompresses, and Weir is sucked into space, while Miller and Starck can barely hold on, escaping from the bridge before it is sealed. With Cooper back on board, the three survivors decide to implement the emergency plan by blowing up the ship's corridor and using its forward section as escape vessel. Starck and Cooper start making preparations in the forward section, when the stasis tank is suddenly filled with blood and ruptures, flooding them with a tsunami of blood. Miller arms all of the explosives in the central corridor and recovers the detonator for them, but he is suddenly confronted by the burning manifestation of his former comrade, and is forced to escape into the ship's gravity core. Inside the core, Miller again sees the vision of his comrade, which then changes into a scarred Dr. Weir (with eyes restored). Weir explains that the ship saved him and pulled him back inside. The ship is going back and it won't allow any of the human crew to escape. The two fight, but Weir is practically invulnerable. He viciously beats Miller and shows him visions of Lewis and Clark's remaining crew members being horribly tortured and mutilated. Miller begs Weir to take only him and spare the others, but Weir refuses, stating they must all go. Despite the horrible visions, Miller is eventually able to reach the detonator, which he then triggers, sacrificing himself. Weir screams, being denied the surviving crew. The bombs explode and split the ship in two, pushing the forward section away. The gravity drive then activates, pulling the rear of the ship into a wormhole, taking Weir and Miller with it. Starck and Cooper can only watch helplessly from a distance. With a wounded and comatose Justin, they place themselves into stasis for the return trip to Earth. The forward section reaches Earth 72 days later. Starck is the first to be awakened by a rescue team member; however, when he removes his helmet visor, it turns out to be a mutilated Dr. Weir. Starck suddenly wakes up in a distraught state, revealing she was having a nightmare; they have been awakened by a real rescue team. Cooper restrains Starck, as one of the rescuers calls for a sedative. But then, the automated hatch leading to the stasis chamber mysteriously seals shut behind the rescuers, implying the supernatural force still remains on the ship and is not dependent on the gravity drive.
tt0091203
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
In 1985, a man named Russell Nash (Christopher Lambert) is attending a wrestling match at Madison Square Garden in New York City. Looking somewhat forlorn, he feels a strange tremor and is compelled to leave. As he heads to his car, Nash is confronted by a man named Iman Fasil. Fasil identifies Nash by his real name, Connor MacLeod, and challenges him to a duel. Connor reluctantly accepts, and draws a katana. After a fierce sword fight, Connor decapitates Fasil and is enveloped by a mysterious energy which destroys several cars around him. He quickly hides his sword in one of the light racks hanging from the ceiling. Before he can leave the garage he is arrested by the police, who take him for questioning. The story goes back to Scotland in 1536, where an 18-year old Connor is seen with his fiance, Kate (Celia Imrie), and war-weary cousins Angus (James Cosmo) and Dugal (Billy Hartman). Their clan is preparing for war against their longtime rivals, Clan Fraser. Detectives Moran (Alan North) and Garfield (Edward Wiley) are attempting to interrogate Connor. Garfield loses his cool and assaults Connor. This incident, coupled with lack of evidence, results in Connor's release. Forensics expert Brenda Wyatt (Roxanne Hart) is intrigued by Fasil's sword, as it is a very valuable historical artifact, probably worth over a million dollars. Later, Connor returns to the garage to retrieve the katana, but before he does he sees that Brenda is looking at the crime scene. She finds some metal shards embedded in a nearby concrete column and saves them for analysis. The scene returns to the Highlands, where the armies of Clan Fraser and Clan MacLeod are preparing to face each other in battle. Clan Fraser's leader, Chief Murdoch (Alistair Findlay), has taken on the services of the Kurgan (Clancy Brown), a imposing mercenary in black leather armor. The Kurgan tells Murdoch that he wants to kill Connor on the battlefield and that nobody else should fight him. The battle begins and Connor, who has never been in battle before, is very scared. He soon finds nobody wants to fight him, but eventually the Kurgan finds him and easily defeats Connor by stabbing him in the chest, shouting "there are can be only one!" Dugal and Angus see the Kurgan preparing to decapitate Connor and attack him, forcing him to retreat. Connor is taken back to the village but is so badly wounded everybody assumes he is going to die. We learn that Connor, in his Russell Nash persona, is an antiquities dealer and seems to be quite wealthy. A very pretty older woman named Rachel Ellenstein (Sheila Gish) is his assistant. Later, the Kurgan, now wearing Judas Priest stagewear and sporting a hideous scar on his neck, drives into the city after hearing of Fasil's death. Using the alias Victor Kruger, he takes up residence at a seedy motel and assembles his sectional "bastard sword," made from composite alloys. He practices his technique, taking the occasional break for dalliances with prostitutes. Connor follows Brenda to a bar where they strike up a conversation and Brenda becomes very interested in him. They both leave and as Brenda tries to follow Connor he is attacked by Kruger. They fight but Connor is at an obvious disadvantage without a sword. The fight is interrupted by a police helicopter and everybody flees. Connor has made a remarkable recovery and is now back to normal, in only a few days. While he is happy to be alive, his friends ostracize him. Kate says that his recovery is the work of the devil. Most everybody in the clan mirrors that sentiment. Eventually the townspeople form a mob, tie him to a pole, and take him out to be executed -- but Angus frees him, convincing the villagers to commute the death sentence in favor of exile. Brenda has analyzed the metal fragments and discovered them to be extremely unusual. She makes a date with Connor and they plan to meet at her apartment. Although she tries to make it seem like it's only a date, she actually is trying to entrap him: she has a cassette recorder hidden in a drawer and also has a gun just in case. However, when Connor arrives he's immediately on to her and calls her out on this. Brenda insists that she only wants to know what's going on and that the shards of metal from Connor's sword date back several thousand years, but he tells her to stop digging and leaves. In 1541, Connor has settled in Glencoe, where he works as a blacksmith and is married to a woman named Heather (Beatie Edney). One day they are visited by a well dressed older gentleman (Sean Connery) carrying the katana that Connor uses in the modern era. The man identifies himself as Juan Sanchez Villa-Lobos Ramirez. He explains that they differ from normal men: they do not age, are immune to disease, and will only die if their heads are separated from their bodies. He proves this by knocking Connor (who cannot swim) off a rowboat. Connor does not drown, and actually marvels at some aquatic scenery before bobbing back to surface, seething with confusion and anger. He tries to attack Ramirez with this highland sword but fails; Ramirez simply tells him that they are ready to begin. While training Connor in the finer points of swordsmanship, Ramirez explains a long cycle he refers to as "the Game," where immortals are compelled by an incomprehensible force to hunt each other down. When one immortal decapitates another, the winner receives a transfer of power called "the Quickening." The Game is destined to continue until only a few immortals remain, triggering "the Gathering", where the survivors feel an irresistible pull towards a far away land and fight until only one remains. The last immortal standing will receive the cumulative sum of every Quickening, which Ramirez cryptically refers to as "the Prize." Discussion soon turns toward the Kurgan, who is revealed to be the oldest and strongest of the immortals, descended from an ancient barbaric tribe from Kievan Rus, in the steppes of Russia. He must not achieve the Prize or mortals will be enslaved forever. Connor also learns that all immortals are sterile, and fears how Heather will react when she learns he cannot give her any children. Ramirez reveals that he has been married three times and his third wife, a Japanese princess named Shikiku (the daughter of the man who made Ramirez's katana), was the love of his life. Eventually, Shikiku died of old age, and he was devastated. He urges Connor to let Heather go, and foreswear future mortal relationships, to avoid the same heartbreak. Connor refuses. One night while Connor is away, the Kurgan arrives, demanding to know where "the Highlander" is. Ramirez lies, telling him that he has already killed Connor. The Kurgan sees through the deception and attacks. A fierce battle ensues. Ramirez gets an early advantage, slashing deep into the Kurgan's throat (revealing how Kruger got the scar on his neck and how his voice was altered) and wounding him in the side. However, the Kurgan's rage and ferocity eventually tip the battle in his favor. He asks who Heather is and Ramirez again lies, saying she is his woman so that his enemy won't use her against Connor. He decapitates Ramirez and receives the Quickening. After it has surged through his body, he falls from the tower where he and Ramirez had battled. Heather approaches him, thinking he's dead, but he grabs her. After the death of his mentor, Connor attempts to return to a normal life, but as Ramirez warned, Heather succumbs to old age while Connor remains youthful. On her deathbed, she thanks Connor for staying with her until the end, and ask that he honor her memory by lighting a candle on her birthday. After burying Heather, Connor plants his Scottish broadsword in the ground to mark her grave, appropriating Ramirez's katana as his weapon. He destroys all traces of his old life and leaves Scotland. Connor meets an exotic-looking man named Sunda Kastagir (Hugh Quarshie) in present-day Central Park at the Bow Bridge. It becomes apparent they are long-time friends as well as immortals. They talk about how few of them are left and say the time for the final battle is close. They also discuss the possibility that they might have to kill each other. Connor and Kastagir recall meeting in Boston circa 1783. Connor is about to duel a very snooty man and is so drunk he can hardly stand up, but he still attempts to fight. The other man easily defeats Connor by stabbing him, and quickly declares himself the victor. However, Connor gets up and wants to continue the fight. The man is stunned but resumes the fight, easily stabbing Connor again. A humorous situation ensues where the man repeatedly "kills" Connor and each time Connor gets back on his feet until he finally apologizes for insulting the man's wife. After much investigation Brenda finds out that Connor should be dead -- Russell Nash is the name of a baby who died at birth. She confronts Rachel and in a flashback we learn that Connor rescued her from the Nazis when she was a child. Rachel tries to keep Brenda away, but eventually Connor explains to Brenda who he really is. He proves it to her by stabbing himself in the stomach. After this revelation Brenda and Connor become lovers, although Connor is reluctant, and the ghostly voice of Ramirez suggests that he let her go. Elsewhere in the city, Kirk, a gung-ho ex-Marine with survivalist tendencies, sees Kruger and Kastagir dueling in an alley. Kruger kills Kastagir and receives his Quickening. Kirk, clearly freaked out by witnessing this event, shoots Kruger, who shrugs off the injury and impales him. Kirk survives, and gives the police Kruger's description. In response, Kruger alters his appearance by shaving his head and covering the scar on his neck with a safety-pin necklace. Connor is at a church, lighting a candle for Heather's birthday. Kruger enters, revealing that Kastagir is dead and he and Connor are now the only immortals left. Kruger taunts Connor by telling him of his defeat of Ramirez and about raping Ramirez's wife. He then realizes that Heather was actually Connor's wife and had never told him about the rape. Connor is furious, but is reminded of the immortals' oldest rule: they cannot fight on holy ground. Kruger finds out that Connor is having an affair with Brenda and kidnaps her in order to draw Connor into the final fight. Connor accepts the challenge and kisses Rachel goodbye, telling her that Russell Nash dies tonight, and that she knew this day would come. The two fighters meet on the roof of Silvercup Studios and an epic sword fight begins. Kruger tries to use Brenda to defeat Connor by tying her to a the studio's massive rooftop sign, but Connor manages to save her. The fight causes major destruction. Both fighters fall into a large warehouse which is surrounded by windows. After a climactic fight Connor defeats Kruger and experiences the sum of all quickenings, which destroys every window in the warehouse. The police assume that Kruger is the headhunter serial killer they were looking for, and that Nash was his final victim. The last scene shows Connor and Brenda in the Highlands and it explains that the Prize gives Connor awareness of the thoughts of all people all around the world and allows him to exert some influence. As a result he can help people cooperate with one another. He is now also mortal, able to have children and grow old. Ramirez tells Connor that he now has power beyond anyone's imagination, and urges him to use it well.
tt0120746
Action,Adventure,Comedy
In 1821, the Mexican Army is on the verge of liberating its country from Spanish colonial rule. In the area of Las Californias the ruthless Spanish Governor, Don Rafael Montero, is about to be overthrown. In a last ditch effort to trap his nemesis, the masked swordsman Zorro (Anthony Hopkins), Montero prepares to execute three innocent townspeople. With assistance from two orphan brothers, Joaquin and Alejandro Murrieta, Zorro releases the prisoners. Zorro rewards the Murrieta brothers with a special medallion he wears, and escapes on his horse, Toronado, after cutting a "Z" into Montero's neck as a parting gift and warning. The same night, however, Montero confronts Zorro at his home, having deduced that Zorro is really Don Diego de la Vega, a Spanish nobleman married to Esperanza, the woman Montero had always loved. Attempting to arrest Diego, a fight ensues, during which Esperanza is killed while trying to protect Diego. Diego's house is burned and his infant daughter, Elena, is taken to Spain by Montero to be raised as his own while Diego is taken to prison. Twenty years later, Montero secretly returns to California, looking for Diego in the old prison. Although de La Vega is there, Montero does not recognize him, while several prisoners claim to be Zorro (taken from the famous scene of Spartacus). Diego later escapes, intent on killing Montero the following day at a public ceremony for Montero's return. However, Diego restrains himself when he sees Elna (Catherine Zeta-Jones), now a beautiful young lady. Elena is presented with a bouquet of flowers - Romagnas, native to California - the scent of which she recognizes, although she incorrectly believes she has never been to California before. Diego soon meets an adult Alejandro Murrieta (Antonio Banderas), whom he recognizes by the medal he awarded Joaquin. Now a drunken, clumsy bandit, Alejandro is bitter over the recent capture of his mentor, bandit Three-Fingered Jack (L. Q. Jones), and the murder of Joaquin by the sadistic Texian Army Captain Harrison Love, Montero's commander-in-chief. Diego recruits and trains Alejandro to become his successor. After some training, Alejandro dons a makeshift costume and clumsily steals a black stallion resembling Toronado, Diego's former steed. En route, Alejandro encounters Elna. Escaping from Captain Love, Alejandro seeks refuge in a nearby church, with the assistance of the town priest and Zorro's old friend, Father Felipe. Alejandro hides in the confessional, where Elna unwittingly reveals her infatuation with the mysterious "bandit" she had just met. Upon his return, Diego scolds Alejandro, claiming that Zorro was a servant of the people, not a thief and adventurer. Diego rebuffs a challenge by Alejandro, instructing him that to gain Montero's trust, Alejandro must convince Montero that he is "a gentleman of stature." Posing as visiting nobleman Don Alejandro del Castillo y Garca, with Diego as his servant, Alejandro attends a party at Montero's hacienda, where he quickly gains Elna's admiration and enough of Montero's trust for the latter to invite him to a secret meeting. There, Montero hints at a plan to retake all of California for the Dons by buying it from their hero, General Santa Anna, who is desperately in need of money to fund his ongoing war with the United States. The next day, Alejandro and the Dons are taken by Montero to a secret gold mine known as "El Dorado", where peasants and petty criminals are used as slave labor. Montero reveals that he plans to buy California from Santa Anna using gold mined from his own land. Three-Fingered Jack, now a slave, attacks the noblemen and is killed by Captain Love. Meanwhile, Diego uses this opportunity to become closer to Elna, though he identifies himself as "Bernardo" the servant (a homage to the name of Zorro's mute sidekick from the original story), learning that Montero told Elena that her mother died in childbirth. Later, while walking in a local market, Elna meets the woman who had been her nanny and used to hang romagnas on her crib. Diego later sends Alejandro, dressed as Zorro, to steal the map leading to the gold mine from Montero's hacienda. In the process, Zorro duels and fights off Montero, Captain Love, and their guards. As he escapes to the stable, he is confronted by Elna, who attempts to retrieve the map belonging to her "father." While Elena shows considerable skill with a sword, Zorro nonetheless manages to defeat her, then playfully cuts off her bodice, leaving her in nothing but her underwear and her long tresses. After a passionate kiss, Zorro flees the stable and shakes off his pursuers. Meanwhile, terrified of Santa Anna's retribution if he discovers that he is being paid with his own gold, Montero and Captain Love decide to destroy the mine with explosives and kill the workers, thereby leaving no evidence. Alejandro uses the stolen map to locate the mine in order to release the workers. Diego tells Alejandro to release them on his own, so that he can confront Montero and reclaim Elena as his daughter. Alejandro sets off to the mine, feeling betrayed by Diego's personal vendetta. Later that night, Diego corners Montero at the hacienda and reveals his true identity. After being summoned by her presumed "father," Montero captures Diego after threatening to kill him in front of Elena. As he is escorted away by guards, Diego tells Elena the name of the flowers she recognized upon her arrival to California, convincing her that Diego is her true father. She later releases Diego from his cell, and they proceed to the mine. There, Zorro prevents Captain Love from loading gold onto a wagon to be taken from the mine, and engages him in a duel. Diego prevents Montero from shooting Zorro, and they also duel. After disarming Montero, Elna appeals for him to spare Montero's life. Montero capitalizes by threatening Elna, and then wounding Diego. Zorro ultimately defeats and mortally wounds Love in a protracted swordfight taking them through various points around the mine. Though mortally wounded, Diego also defeats Montero, by having a gold-laden wagon drag Montero off a cliff and crushing Love in the process. Elna and Alejandro, now without his mask, free the captive workers before the explosives set by Love go off. Before dying in their arms, Diego makes peace with Alejandro, fully passes the mantle of Zorro to him, and gives his blessings for Alejandro's and Elena's prospective marriage. In the film's epilogue, Alejandro and Elna are married and have a son named Joaquin, in honor of Alejandro's brother. As Elena puts Joaguin to sleep, Alejandro exits the room and as Zorro, draws his sword and makes his trademark 'Z' as the credits roll.
tt0787475
Comedy,Sport
Andy Samberg is Rod Kimble, a lovable loser who is, without a doubt, the worlds worst stuntman and probably the only one that performs on a Moped. He does have a group of loyal friends who serve as his crew and a possible romance with girl-next-door, Denise (Isla Fisher).When Rods hated step-fathers life is dependant on an expensive transplant, Rod wants to perform the ultimate stunt to raise the money to save his life, just so he can have yet another chance (for he has already had many) to beat his step-father (Ian McShane) in a fight and earn his respect. So, with the help of his crew, the love of his life, and many other people among the way. Rod sets out to jump more buses than Evil Knievel!
tt0076752
Action,Adventure,Thriller
The pre-title teaser shows three different events: first, a British nuclear submarine experiences a serious disruption of power. The captain looks through the periscope and sees something foreboding, however we do not see what he does. In Moscow, Colonel Gogol hears from M that the British sub has disappeared. Gogol becomes concerned, especially since his own government has lost contact with one of its own nuclear subs a few days earlier. He promises the aid of his government and calls his best agent, "XXX" to investigate. In a bedroom, a man lying with his lover gets out of bed when a message comes through on a small communicator. The woman answers, revealing that she is XXX. In Austria, James Bond is enjoying a romantic encounter in a remote cabin in the Alps when he's called back to duty by M. He dons his ski gear and leaves, his lover says she needs him to which James replies, "So does England!" Moments after he leaves, his lover sends a message through a walkie-talkie telling her fellow agent "He has just left." As James skis away from the cabin, he's pursued by a group of four Russian agents. James is able to evade his attackers and, using a ski pole that doubles as a type of rocket gun, kills one of them, a man whom is the group leader (and who happens to be XXX's lover). Bond approaches a sheer cliff and skis over it, free falling several thousand feet until he opens a parachute decorated with the British Union Jack, escaping his attackers. Major Anya Amasova, aka, XXX, reports to Gogol in Moscow where she's given her new assignment - the search for the missing submarines. Gogol also informs her that her lover was killed in an operation in Austria. Amasova is visibly shaken but says she'll dedicate herself to the mission at hand. Meanwhile, Bond meets with M at a British naval yard where the mission path for the lost submarine is studied: Bond shows M, the Minister of Defense and others a transparency that matches the sub's route, proving it had somehow been compromised. M orders Bond to Cairo on his first lead. In the Mediterranean Sea, two scientists who have developed a sophisticated submarine tracking device, meet with Carl Stromberg, a rich and powerful businessman who lives in a specially designed city, Atlantis, that can both float and submerge beneath the water's surface. He thanks the two scientists for their invention, but before he allows them to leave, he deals with his secretary, who has stolen information from him; she enters his elevator and Stromberg opens the window panel to reveal a large shark pool, then opens the elevator floor, dropping her into the large pool where a tiger shark eats her alive. As the two men leave by helicopter, Stromberg activates a bomb that destroys it and kills them, both tying up a loose end in his plan and to avoid having to pay them. Stromberg then meets with two hired assassins, the fat Hungarian agent Sandor and the seven-foot tall, silent Jaws, so named because he has steel teeth. Stromberg instructs them to go to Egypt and find the stolen submarine tracking system blueprints and to kill anyone who comes into contact with the plans. Bond arrives in Egypt, meeting with a old contact who tells him to find a man named Fekkesh, a local businessman whom is seeking to buy the submarine tracking system and who can point him toward another man, Max Kalba, who has the tracking system's microfilm. Bond goes to the man's house where a woman tells him Fekkesh isn't home and refuses to reveal his location. As Bond kisses her, Sandor tries to shoot him. Bond uses the woman as a shield and chases after Sandor, fighting with him and dangling him over the edge of the house's roof. He forces the assassin to reveal Fekkesh's location and then lets him fall off the building, killing him. Bond goes to Giza to meet Fekkesh at the pyramids where he sees XXX has already found the man. While the pyramid light show goes on, Fekkesh notices Jaws standing to the side. He quickly leaves to escape, Jaws in pursuit, Bond following closely. Jaws corners the man and kills him with a bite to his neck. Jaws also escapes from Bond. Continuing his investigation, Bond meets with Max Kalba at his nightclub in Cairo. Amasova also meets him there and the two speak with Kalba to obtain the microfilm. Kalba prepares to negotiate a price with the two government's agents when he's called away to the phone. Jaws (disguised as a maintenance man) kills him in the phone booth after obtaining the microfilm. Bond and Amasova stow away in Jaws' van and he drives out to a site of ruins in the desert... aware that they are in the back of his van. In the morning, the two agents stalk Jaws through a series of Egyptian ruins, finally cornering him and obtaining the microfilm. Bond and Amasova escape in Jaws' vehicle and make it to a boat on the Nile. Bond secretly examines the microfilm on board and the two settle down for the journey. Suddenly, Amasova renders Bond unconscious with a gas from a fake cigarette and takes the microfilm. Bond recovers the next morning and reports to another site of ruins where he finds Amasova, Gogol and M waiting. Though Amasova believes she'd outwitted Bond, he reveals that he'd already studied the film without her knowledge. With the assistance of Q, they examine the microfilm, which is worthless, a conclusion that Bond came to when examining it on the boat. However, they do find evidence of a symbol hidden in it that identifies Carl Stromberg. Their superiors order Bond and Amasova to investigate on the island of Sardinia, where Stromberg lives. The two travel there by train (in a scene that recalls the train ride in "From Russia With Love"). They are attacked by Jaws, however, Bond is able to fight him off and expel him from the train. Jaws easily recovers from the fall, dusting himself off and looking mildly frustrated. Upon arriving in Sardinia, Bond and Anya meet Q who has brought Bond's car, a Lotus Esprit. The two meet with Stromberg's secretary and assistant, Naomi, who takes them out to Atlantis. Bond poses as a marine biologist and meets with Stromberg, who tells the undercover Bond of his love of the sea and how an underwater city (like the model he has in his private chamber) may be the only hope for the future of humanity. As they leave, Naomi is telling Anya about Stromberg's largest ship, a one-million ton supertanker named the Liparus. After seeing a small model of the tanker, Bond privately remarks that the design of her bow is unusual. After Bond and Anya leave Atlantis, Jaws comes out of a hidden room and confirms to Stromberg that Bond and Amasova are the spies that he encountered in Egypt. Stromberg instructs Jaws to wait until Bond and Amasova get ashore and to kill them both. As they speed away in Bond's Lotus, they are attacked by Stromberg's men, first by a motorbike assassin who attempts to destroy the car with a warhead disguised as a sidecar. When that plan fails and the cyclist is killed, Jaws and a carload of assassins attempt to shoot at Bond who is able to throw off their pursuit using the car's defenses. They are also attacked by Naomi in a helicopter, firing on them in a strafing run. As the chase continues, Bond drives off the end of a pier and converts his car to a small submarine. He uses a small missile to destroy Naomi's helicopter, killing her. In the submerged car/submarine, Bond and Amasova proceed to Atlantis, now submerged. Unable to find anything conclusive from outside, they prepare to leave and are attacked by several frogmen and mini-subs. Bond destroys them all with the Lotus' defenses, which Anya has knowledge of having stolen the plans for the car in another mission, however, they are forced to surface on a beach when the Lotus is damaged by an underwater mine and begins to leak. Back at their hotel, the two plan their next move. Bond sends a message to M in London, inquiring about the supertanker Liparus. A short while later, a telex reply comes back explaining that in the past nine months since the Liparus was launched, there is no record of the ship making port anywhere in the world. Bond and Anya suspect that something is up and decide to find the tanker to get a closer look at it. When Bond lights one of Anya's cigarettes, she notices that the lighter he uses is from the city near where her lover was killed. She confronts Bond on the issue, to which Bond replies that he'd acted in self-defense when he killed the man. Anya vows revenge as soon as their current mission is over, if they're still alive. The two spies next find themselves on an American submarine monitoring the Liparus. While surveying it, the sub is rendered inoperable and is swallowed by the Liparus; the bow of the tanker opens, revealing a large submarine dock inside, containing the captured British and Russian subs. The crew are forced out of the sub and taken prisoner by the heavily armed crewmen. Bond and Anya are identified almost immediately and are also taken prisoner. On the bridge of the Liparus, Stromberg explains his plans to use the nuclear missiles aboard both the captured British and Russian subs to ignite a nuclear war between the superpowers. The resulting nuclear holocaust will destroy the surface world, leaving Stromberg the opportunity to rule an underwater kingdom. Stromberg departs for Atlantis with Anya as his personal captive, leaving his crew to begin the assault as crews board the British and Russian subs and depart to their launching stations in the Atlantic Ocean. Afterward, the Liparus' captain orders Bond to be put with the rest of the prisoners. Bond escapes before he can be imprisoned and frees the British, Russian and American sailors. The combined sub crews lead an all-out assault on the Liparus' crew, taking the dock areas and most of the ship despite taking heavy casualties, including the British sub captain. Unable to break into the heavily-fortified bridge control room, Bond uses a nuclear warhead detonator to blow a hole in the armored wall of the control room, and the crews kill the rest of the Liparus crew. With the two Stromberg-controlled submarines at their launch stations in the Atlantic, Bond has the American sub captain use the tracking system computer on the Liparus to transfer the coordinates of each submarine missiles to the other as their targets. The ruse works, causing the two submarines to destroy each other with each other's missiles. On board the American sub, the captain orders torpedoes to be fired at the bow doors, allowing them to escape the Liparus. The large tanker explodes and sinks. They set course for Atlantis with orders to destroy it. Bond argues with the American captain that Anya is still on Atlantis and must be rescued first. He is given a wetbike (an early Jet-Ski) and arrives at Atlantis ahead of the sub. Bond takes the elevator to Stromberg's level, avoiding the trap door in the elevator floor. Bond finds Stromberg in his massive dining room. Stromberg attempts to kill Bond with a harpoon gun located under the dining table but misses. Bond returns fire, hitting the villain several times in the chest, killing him. Still searching for Anya, he encounters Jaws and outwits him, using an electromagnetic crane to seize his metal teeth and dropping him into the shark tank. The shark is no match for its namesake; Jaws quickly bites and kills it. Bond finds Anya tied up in a torture room, just as the American submarine begins its attack, torpedoing Atlantis. The city begins to sink into the ocean, slowly filling with water. Bond and Anya escape from Atlantis in a pod that surfaces. (Jaws himself is also seen escaping the stricken Atlantis and swims off.) In the pod, as Bond relaxes, Anya takes his gun, seemingly intent on killing him. But she changes her mind and shoots off a cork on a champagne bottle, having forgiven Bond in which she professes her love for him. A little later, the escape pod is found by a British vessel which captures it. M, Minister of Defense Gray and General Gogol find the two semi-nude agents in the midst of a romantic encounter inside.
tt0117731
Action,Adventure,Drama
Captain Jean-Luc Picard (Patrick Stewart) awakens from a nightmare in which he relived his assimilation by the Borg (cybernetic lifeforms) six years earlier. He is contacted by Admiral Hayes, who informs him of an imminent Borg invasion against Earth. Picard's orders are for his ship, the USS Enterprise-E, to patrol the Neutral Zone in case of Romulan aggression, as Starfleet is worried that Picard is too emotionally involved with the Borg to join the fight. Learning the fleet is losing the battle, the Enterprise crew disobeys orders and heads for Earth, where a single Borg Cube holds its own against a group of Starfleet vessels. The Enterprise arrives in time to save the crew of the USS Defiant and its captain, the Klingon Worf (Michael Dorn). Picard takes command of the fleet and orders the surviving ships to concentrate their firepower on a seemingly unimportant point on the Cube. The Cube is destroyed after launching a small sphere towards the planet. The Enterprise pursues the sphere into a temporal vortex. As the sphere disappears, the Enterprise discovers Earth has been altered; it is now populated entirely by Borg. Realizing the Borg have used time travel to change the past, the Enterprise follows the sphere through the vortex. The Enterprise arrives in the past on April 4, 2063, the day before humanity's first encounter with an alien species after Zefram Cochrane's (James Cromwell) historic warp flight; the crew realizes the Borg are trying to prevent "first contact." The sphere opens fire on Cochrane's site in Bozeman, Montana, where he's building his warp drive craft from an abandoned nuclear missile. After destroying the Borg sphere, the away team is met with hostile resistance by Cochrane and his assistant, Lily Sloane (Alfre Woodard), who suffers radiation poisoning from a leaking container damaged in the attack. Picard has Sloane sent back to the Enterprise for medical attention. The Captain returns to the ship and leaves Commander William Riker (Jonathan Frakes) on Earth to make sure the Phoenix's flight proceeds as planned. While in the future Cochrane is seen as a hero, the real man, a burnout from the wars that devastated Earth and a mild alcoholic, is reluctant to assume the role the Enterprise crew describe. He initially disbelieves their story but is swayed when they're able to prove the Enterprise-E exists and is in orbit above them. A group of Borg invade the Enterprise's lower decks and begin to assimilate her crew and modify the ship. Picard and a team attempt to reach engineering to disable the Borg with a corrosive gas, but are forced back; the android Data (Brent Spiner) is captured in the melee. Frightened, Sloane corners Picard with a phaser, but he gains her trust, showing her that she's on a spacecraft orbiting Earth. The two escape the Borg-infested area of the ship by creating a diversion in the holodeck. Picard, Worf, and the ship's navigator, Lt. Sean Hawk (Neal McDonough), travel outside the ship in space suits to stop the Borg from calling reinforcements by using the deflector dish. As the Borg continue to assimilate more decks, Worf suggests destroying the ship, but Picard angrily calls him a coward and vows to continue the fight. Sloane confronts the captain and makes him realize he is behaving irrationally on account of his desire for revenge. Chastened, Picard relents, apologizes to Worf, and orders the activation of the ship's self-destruct sequence. While the crew head for escape pods, the Captain decides to stay behind and rescue his friend Data. As Cochrane, Riker, and Chief Engineer Geordi La Forge (LeVar Burton) prepare to activate the warp drive on the Phoenix, Picard discovers that the Borg Queen (Alice Krige) has grafted human skin onto Data. She presented this modification with the sensations he has long desired, hoping to obtain the android's encryption codes for the Enterprise computer. Although Picard offers himself to the Borg in exchange for Data's freedom, Data refuses to leave. He deactivates the self-destruct mechanism and fires torpedoes at the Phoenix. At the last moment, the torpedoes miss the Phoenix, and the Borg Queen realizes Data has betrayed her. The android ruptures a coolant tank, and the corrosive vapor eats away the biological components of the Borg. With the Borg invasion neutralized, Cochrane completes his warp flight. After Picard finishes off the Queen's twitching remains, Data confesses that he was tempted by her offer, for 0.68 seconds, but after that eternity by his perception, he rejected it and strung her along to enable her defeat. The next day at the missile complex, the crew watches from a distance as a Vulcan survey ship, attracted by the Phoenix's warp flight, lands on Earth. While Cochrane goes to greet the aliens, Sloane notices the Enterprise crew slipping away. She bids Picard farewell, envious of the happy future he is returning to. Picard reminds her that it is a future that she and her friends are going to make possible. Having ensured the correction of the timeline, the Enterprise crew return to the 24th century.
tt1231586
Comedy,Romance
Eric Keppler (Jason Sudeikis) is a 30-something, perpetual overgrown adolescent who lives to party, holding lavish theme-events with his friends using his father's large house in the Hamptons on Long Island. On July 3, Eric throws a "White trash bash party" attended by his old school friends; Eric's ex-girlfriend Sue Plummer (Michelle Borth), nebish workaholic Adam Richman (Nick Kroll), overweight slacker Mike McCrubber (Tyler Labine), shy school teacher Laura LaCarubba (Lindsay Sloane), swinging Kate (Lucy Punch), and her fiancee Glenn (Will Forte), couples therapist Alison Lobel (Lake Bell), law student and wannabe musician Doug Duquez (Martin Starr) and his photographer/artist girlfriend Willow (Angela Sarafyan), and Alison's boyfriend Marcus (Rhys Coiro). Eric meets Kelly (Leslie Bibb) at the party who appears to be pregnant. The following morning, Eric's father Jerry (Don Johnson) arrives and informs him that he is selling the house. The next weekend, the group arrive back at the house and find it for sale by Dody (Lin Shaye) and Kelly whom are the real estate agents hired by Jerry to sell the house. Eric and Mike decide to throw a last ultimate party at the house on Labor Day weekend. Lamenting the more liberal sex attitude of the younger generation that passed over his own, Eric suggests having an orgy; a small gathering of just themselves. When they present the idea to their friends, they are all reluctant, but when Mike and Eric argue that afterwards everyone will be moving away from each other and that this might be their last real time all together, Sue agrees to join. Laura joins the plan to improve her self esteem, and is later joined by Alison after she breaks up with Marcus. A little later, Sue reveals to Alison and Laura that has feelings for Eric from high school, but Eric pursues a relationship with Kelly, to attempt to interfere with her selling the house. Doug and Willow join the orgy, hoping it will make him more confident. At Kate and Glenn's wedding, a drunken Adam reveals he has lost his job because Eric destroyed his phone at the White Trash bash, and agrees to join the orgy out of frustration. During the reception, Glenn finds out about the orgy and informs Kate, causing the pair to fall out with the group for not including them. Two weeks before Labor Day, Eric and Mike go to an underground sex club, located in the back room of a local furniture store called 'Fred's Beds' to research orgies, and gain advice from Mike's swinging uncle Vic (David Koechner). Eric also sees Dody at the orgy as an S&M leather queen. Later, during a date with Kelly, she asks Eric to meet with her friends on Labor Day, to which he reluctantly agrees. Eric admits to Mike that he is developing feelings for Kelly and is no longer sure about taking part in the orgy. The week before Labor Day, Kate and Glenn ask to join the orgy but the group refuses again because the couple have a newborn child. Kelly tells Eric that she has asked Dody to slow the house sale down until the end of the summer so he and his friends can have it for Labor Day. The Labor Day weekend arrives and the group prepare for the orgy. Doug decides to back out at the last minute, causing the group to descend into arguments, culminating when Alison publicly reveals Sue's feelings for Eric, and Doug accuses Mike of being Eric's "pet". Glenn and Kate arrive uninvited, intending to gatecrash the orgy, but they end up having sex in their car. Eric decides to leave and go to Kelly's home, but discovers she is on a date. Eric returns to the party where the group reconcile, and the orgy finally begins. Everyone has sex with one another with Eric hooking up with Sue, Mike hooking up with Alison, Doug and Laura hooking up with each other, and Adam and Laura hooking up and lasting the longest. The four couples take turns swapping and taking their group sex thing through the house, into the backyard swimming pool, and back to the house again. They drink copious amounts of liquor that Mike serves frequently. On Labor Day, everyone is hung over from all the excessive drinking and they are all in a groggy mood... except for Mike who gives everyone free T-shirts with the iron-on logo of 'I was at the Hampton's Orgy' stamped on the front. Doug gives Mike a copy of his finished album, having finally found the confidence to pursue his music career. Sue gets over her feelings for Eric. Alison decides to get back together with Marcus. Adam and Laura enter into a relationship, and Eric reconciles with Kelly whom he meets on the beach. Kelly tells Eric that the house deal fell through and it will now take longer to sell. Eric begins planning a party for Memorial Day.
tt0104348
Crime,Drama,Mystery
ACT I The movie begins on a rainy night in a Chinese restaurant somewhere in Queens, New York City with Shelley Levene (Jack Lemmon), a veteran real estate salesman, attempting to contact a doctor for news about his daughter, who is in a hospital with a chronic illness. In the phone booth next to him is Dave Moss (Ed Harris) attempting to sell properties in Rio Rancho Estates. They both go into the men's room and start complaining about the type of potential customers, or leads, they have been getting from their sales company. They exit the bathroom and Ricky Roma (Al Pacino) is successfully selling real estate to a man at the bar. When they return to their office, Premiere Properties, a representative... a hot-tempered, arrogant businessman called Blake (Alec Baldwin) sent by the owners of the company they work for, Mitch and Murray, is there. He cruelly and verbally berates them over their poor sales. He reminds them of a contest taking place in the office in which the best-selling salesman gets a Cadillac. The second-best salesman gets a set of worthless steak knives. Blake announces a twist to the contest: the worst performing salesman is fired. The salesmen themselves blame their lack of sales on the poor quality of the leads they have gotten. Blake then tells them that he has some "premium" leads for sales in a new development, the Glengarry Leads. These are buyers who are both likely to buy and able to afford the land they are selling, so getting these leads is incredibly important to all the salesmen. Blake tells them that the leads will go to the best performing salesmen, the first likely being Roma, who has been leading the office in sales on the big board and is in the lead for the new Cadillac. After Blake leaves, the office manager, Williamson (Kevin Spacey), hands out old leads to his team. The leads are the very type that the men have been complaining about; old names who have already turned them down for sales in the past. Levene is so distraught with the situation that he confronts Williamson about providing him with the better leads. He tells Williamson that his daughter is in a hospital with a medical condition and is dependent on him because she has no health insurance. Levene also has no health insurance either and fears loosing his job if he cannot generate any sales. Levene begs Williamson to give him some of the Glengarry leads. Williamson refuses, so Levene tries pleading with him, then threatening him, and finally offering to bribe him. Williamson responds to the bride offer by taking advantage of Levene's vulnerable situation by offering to sell him the better leads at 50 dollars a piece as well as a cut of 20% of all his profits. Levene is unable to afford the terms and is stuck attempting to sell his second-rate leads. Levene visits Larry Spannel (Bruce Altman) to try to close a deal, but is unsuccessful. Dave Moss and co-worker, George Aaronow (Alan Arkin), are going door-to-door and being confronted with "deadbeat" leads. During a break, they go to a local diner across town and start talking about the unethical behavior of their employer, Williamson, and about their mean and ungrateful rep, Blake, over their sales work. Moss proposes that they strike back at Mitch and Murray by stealing all the Glengarry leads and sell them to Jerry Graff, a competing real estate agency, for $7,500. Moss's plan would require Aaronow to break into the office at around midnight, stage a burglary, and steal all the prime leads. Aaronow wants no part of the plan, but Moss tries to coerce him, saying that Aaronow is already an accomplice simply because he knows about the proposed robbery. Aaronow continues to decline the shady deal. Meanwhile, Ricky Roma is selling real estate to a meek, middle-aged man named James Lingk (Jonathon Pryce) back at the Chinese restaurant bar by promising financial success in investing. In contrast to Shelley Levene's weasel-like, fast-talking, con-artist manner, Roma does not broach the subject of a real estate deal until he has completely won Lingk over with his speech. Framing it as being "an opportunity" rather than a purchase, Roma plays upon Lingk's feelings of complacency and insecurity. ACT II The next day, Roma comes into work only to find that the office has indeed been burglarized and the Glengarry leads have been stolen (Note: the break-in and robbery is never shown on camera). Williamson and the police question each of the salesmen in private. It would appear that Aaronow and Moss have done it due to their nervous attitudes. As a police inspector interviews each of them one by one in Mr. Williamson's office, Roma is especially distraught because he was the only one whose successful sales record entitled him to the Cadillac and the Glengarry leads. Everyone is in a terrible mood except for Levene who arrives and reveals that he managed to sell $82,000 in property that very morning. He explains his success story to Roma who listens with great respect and happiness for his co-worker. The negative tone in the office overshadows Levene's great sell. After his interrogation, Moss leaves in disgust, only after having one explosive last encounter with Roma. Levene turns to Williamson and demands some of the Glengarry leads, arrogantly mocking and berating Williamson. During the cycle of interrogations first with Moss, then with Aaronow, and then to Levene, Lingk arrives at the office to tell Roma that his wife has told him to cancel the deal they made the night before because they can ill afford the sale. Lingk informs Roma that his wife had contacted their attorney, who told them they have three business days before their decision to invest in the property is final. Scrambling to salvage the deal, Roma tries to deceive Lingk by telling him that the check he wrote the night before has yet to be cashed, and that accordingly he has time to reason with his wife and reconsider. At the same time, Levene abets Roma by claiming to be a wealthy investor and friend of Roma's who just happens to be on his way to the airport, and is dependent on Roma for a ride. Williamson (unaware of Roma and Levene's stalling tactic) lies to Lingk claiming that he already deposited his check in the bank. Upset, Lingk rushes out of the office, threatening to contact the state's attorney for legal action, and Roma berates Williamson for what he has done. Roma then enters Williamson's office to take his turn being interrogated by the police. Alone with Williamson, Levene, still giddy and proud of the large sale he made that morning, takes the opportunity to mock Williamson in private. Levene further yells at Mr. Williamson for costing Roma's sale commission and tells him not to make things up unless it helps with business. Suddenly, the worm turns when Williamson firmly asks Levene: "How do you know I made it up?" In his zeal to emasculate Williamson as he has done to him several times, Levene inadvertently revealed that he knew Williamson was lying to Roma on the spur of the moment about taking Lingk's check to the bank, and that Williamson actually left Lingk's check on his desk and did not make the bank run the previous night.... something only the man who broke into the office would know. Williamson catches Levene's slip-up quickly and compels Levene to admit that he broke into the office. Levene tries laughing it off, but he eventually breaks down and admits that he indeed broke into the office because he and Moss conspired to steal the Glengarry leads to sell to Jerry Graff. Apparently, Levene somehow ended up being Moss' accomplice in the plan after Aaronow (which Levene apparently does not know about) had turned down Moss' offer. Levene explains that the current situation has made him realize that being a salesman is what he was meant to do in life. Mr. Williamson tells Shelley Levene that his "big sale" has an incredible client credibility, and that he is a terrible salesman. Mr. Williamson tells Levene that he is finished and he will turn him into the authorities. Levene attempts to bargain with Mr. Williamson, but Williamson reveals to Levene that the buyers to whom he made the $82,000 sale earlier are in fact crazy and have no money, and that he has no interest in helping Levene with anything for the simple reason that Williamson dislikes him. Levene makes a last-ditch attempt at gaining sympathy from Williamson by mentioning his daughter's health, but Williamson cruelly rebuffs him and leaves to inform the detective about Levene's part in the burglary. Williamson walks into his office as Roma walks out. Unaware of Levene's guilt, Roma talks to Levene about forming a business partnership before the detective starts calling for Levene. Levene walks, defeated, into Williamson's office. Roma then leaves the office to go out for lunch, while Aaronow returns back to his desk to make his sales calls as usual.
tt0253754
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
On Romulus, members of the Romulan Imperial Senate debate whether to accept the terms of peace and alliance with the Reman rebel leader Shinzon (Tom Hardy). The Remans are a slave race of the Romulan Empire, used as miners and as cannon fodder in the Dominion War. A faction of the military is in support of Shinzon, but the Praetor and Senate are opposed to the alliance. After rejecting the motion, the Praetor and remaining senators are disintegrated by a device left in the room by a military-aligned senator. Meanwhile, back on Earth, Captain Jean-Luc Picard (Patrick Stewart) speaks about how a starship captain's life is filled with solemn duty. He remembers commanding men in battle, negotiating peace treaties and leading first contact missions, but none of them compares with his solemn duty this time - as best man. The crew of the USS Enterprise prepare to bid farewell to Commander William Riker (Jonathan Frakes) and Counselor Deanna Troi (Marina Sirtis), who are being married on Betazed. Picard proposes a toast, and expresses his sincere thanks to Riker and Troi as his guides and advisors, and wishes them both the greatest happiness in their current lives together. En route to Betazed, the Enterprise crew discover a positronic signature on an uncharted planet in the Kolaran system in the Romulan Neutral Zone. Captain Picard, Lieutenant Commander Data (Brent Spiner), and Lieutenant Commander Worf (Michael Dorn) land on Koloran III upon a larger shuttle with an advanced buggy. In the course of scouring the planet's surface, they discover pieces of an android resembling Data scattered across a great distance. After finding the final piece (the head), the away team are attacked by the native species in several vehicles with machine guns. The away team flee back to the shuttle on the buggy while firing at the aliens with a powerful phaser cannon, only to find it surrounded. Using a remote control, Data pilots the shuttle away from the aliens, much to their surprise, and behind a cliff where Picard daringly pilots the vehicle into the open back of the shuttle. Back on the Enterprise, the crew deduce the android as a less-advanced, prototype version of Data. When the android is reassembled, he introduces himself as B-4 (also Brent Spiner), and Data informs him they are brothers. Admiral Kathryn Janeway (Kate Mulgrew) (who has recently returned from the Delta Quadrant) contacts Picard and orders the Enterprise on a diplomatic mission to Romulus. Janeway explains that the Romulan Empire has been taken over in a military coup by Shinzon, who says he wants peace with the Federation and bring freedom to Remus. On arrival, they learn that Shinzon is a clone of Picard, secretly created by the Romulans to plant a high-ranking agent into the Federation. The project was abandoned when Shinzon was a child and he was left for dead as a mining slave on Remus. After many years, Shinzon became the leader of the Remans, and constructed his heavily armed flagship, the Scimitar. Initially, diplomatic attempts go well, but the Enterprise crew discover that the Scimitar is producing low levels of thalaron radiation, which is what has been used to kill the Imperial Senate and is deadly to nearly all lifeforms. There are also unexpected attempts to communicate the Enterprise computers, and Shinzon himself violates Troi's mind through the telepathy of his Reman viceroy (Ron Perlman). Dr. Beverly Crusher (Gates McFadden) discovers that Shinzon is aging rapidly on account of the process to clone him, and the only possible means to prevent the aging is the transfusion of Picard's own blood. Shinzon kidnaps Picard from the Enterprise, as well as B-4, having planted the android on the nearby planet to lure Picard closer to the Neutral Zone. However, Data reveals that he has swapped places with B-4, rescues Picard, and returns with Picard to the Enterprise. They have now seen enough of the Scimitar to know that Shinzon plans to use the warship to invade the Federation using its thalaron-radiation generator as a weapon, with the eradication of all lifeforms on Earth being his first priority. The Enterprise races back to Federation space and is ambushed by the Scimitar in the Bassen Rift, a region that prevents any subspace communications. Two Romulan Warbirds come to assist the Enterprise, as they do not want to be involved in Shinzon's genocidal plans, but Shinzon destroys one and disables the other. Recognizing the need to stop the Scimitar at all costs, Picard orders the Enterprise on a collision course with the other ship. The collision leaves both ships heavily damaged and destroys most of the Scimitar's primary weapons. To assure their mutual destruction, Shinzon orders the Scimitar to back away, then activates the thalaron weapon. Picard boards the Scimitar to face Shinzon alone, and eventually kills him by impaling him on a metal strut. Data jumps the distance between the two ships with a personal transporter to beam Picard back to the Enterprise and then sacrifices himself when he fires his phaser on the thalaron generator, destroying the Scimitar, while saving the Enterprise. The crew mourn Data, and the Romulan commander Donatra (Dina Meyer) offers them her gratitude for saving the Empire. On the Enterprise, now back at Earth drydock for extensive repairs, Picard bids farewell to the newly promoted Captain Riker, who is leaving to command the USS Titan and begin a possible peace negotiation mission with the Romulans. Picard meets with B-4, and informs him about Data's goal to become more human and Data's wonder about human nature, before Worf calls and informs Picard that the crew are ready to bring the warp engines online. Picard discovers that Data had downloaded the engrams of his neural net into B-4's positronic matrix before he boarded the Scimitar. Picard leaves B-4's quarters walking down a corridor smiling, knowing that Data will return someday.
tt0091635
Drama,Romance
In the often impersonal city of New York, a city that never sleeps, a city filled with the shadows and secrets of its citizens, a man and a woman conduct a highly sensual sexual affair. John (Mickey Rourke), a wealthy businessman, seduces a beautiful art assistant, Elizabeth (Kim Basinger), who is recently divorced after a three-year marriage. He first comes across as funny and adventurous, but it soon becomes clear that's not all John is into. He plays strange sexual games with Liz, blindfolding her and putting ice on her body, making her crawl on the floor to him, and "hypnotizing" her with the sound of a watch he gave her, suggesting that every day at twelve o'clock she think of him touching her. Elizabeth's world is thrown into chaos as she hungers for John sexually, wanting to know who he really is. However, John is unwilling to give her any kind of hint as to his background. She tries to introduce him to her circle of friends, but he flat out refuses, telling her all he wants is the nights with her--she can have the days with her friends. Slowly Elizabeth becomes increasingly dependent on John--he feeds her in the morning, bathes her, takes care of her, and makes love to her in ways she's never experienced. She finally realizes that their relationhip is unhealthy and is driven to the edge when John starts to have sex with a prostitute in front of her in a dingy motel room. She can't think straight anymore, and is desperately unhappy. She becomes even more confused and upset when her best friend begins a relationship with her ex-husband. In the end she leaves John, telling him it's too little too late when he tries to tell her about himself. When she walks out the door into the apartment complex courtyard, he whispers to himself that he loves her and that she had better come back in 50 seconds. She doesn't though, and the movie ends with her walking down the lonely streets of the city, crying and thinking about the fact that for nine and a half weeks she had an erotic affair with a perfect stranger.
tt0070034
Action,Crime,Drama
In Hong Kong, a Mr Braithwaite attends a sparring match of martial artists. Among them is a man named Lee who fights an opponent considerably larger than him. Lee himself is exceptionally skilled, forcing his opponent (Sammo Kam-Bo Hung) to yield. At the end of the match, several of the monks present raise their hands creating an obstacle that Mr Lee flips himself over easily, earning their applause. Braithwaite meets later with Lee. Before Lee talks to Braithwaite, he gives a short lesson in harmony and control to a young male student of his, teaching the boy not to attack with anger or exposition. Lee also teaches the boy how to bow properly to earn the respect of an opponent. Braithwaite reveals his purpose for the meeting: Lee has received an invitation to a large martial arts tournament on a private island run by a reclusive man named Han. Han is suspected of doing business in prostitution and heroin, however no solid evidence can be found linking Han to any nefarious dealings. Braithwaite wants Lee to attend the tournament and act as a spy. Lee is slightly reluctant, having not wanted to attend the tournament, however he agrees. Before Lee leaves for Han's island, he visits the Old Man of his Shaolin temple, who tells Lee about the day his sister was killed. Many of Han's thugs had come to the mainland and had attacked Su Lin. Though she skillfully and bravely fought them off, she was cornered in an old warehouse. Rather than be beaten and raped, she killed herself with a shard of glass. One of the men who led the attack, Oharra, Han's right-hand man, witnesses her suicide. The Old Man bids Lee to obtain revenge not only for his sister but for the honor of Shaolin. Around the time that Lee is ready to board Han's sampan, two other men arrive. Roper, a fancy playboy of sorts, who totes a lot of baggage, has come to the Orient to hide out from the mob, to whom he owes money. In his last meeting with some mob thugs, Roper fought his way out of having his leg broken to repay his debt. The second man is Williams, a black man who was harassed and attacked by the police right after meeting with his sensei in the United States. When he was a attacked, Williams fought back, besting the two cops and escaping in their cruiser. On the boat to Han's island, Lee and Roper both bet on a praying mantis match. Roper favors the larger of the two insects while Lee favors the smaller. Lee wins a handful of cash on the match. While Lee takes in the breeze from the harbor, an aggressive invitee named Parsons tries to antagonize him after tripping a boy carrying a load of fruit. He asks Lee about his fighting style; Lee answers it is "the art of fighting without fighting". Parsons scoffs, trying draw Lee into a match. Lee suggests that they take a small dinghy to a nearby island and match on the beach. When Parsons eagerly climbs down to the boat, Lee releases it from the sampan and lets it drift out behind, holding onto the rope and ordering Parsons not to pull himself in or he'll set him adrift on the ocean. Lee then hands the rope to the crewmembers, who are greatly amused. On the island, the passengers see hundreds of other martial artists practicing on giant courts. That night, everyone attends a lavish feast. Han arrives, bidding welcome to his guests, praising them for their skill and thanking them for attending. He has several women with him who act as his elite personal guard. He tosses several pieces of fruit in the air while the women hit them with small darts, thrown with pinpoint accuracy. Lee catches one of them. After dinner, Han's hostess, Tania, brings young women to Roper and Williams -- Roper requests to spend the night with Tania herself. The woman Williams is with warns him not to step outside his room when Williams wants to get some fresh air. When Tania visits Lee, he requests the young woman who threw the dart in the apple he'd caught at the banquet. Lee meets with the dart thrower, Mei Ling, who is actually a spy sent by Braithwaite prior to recruiting Lee. She tells him that she's found out very little about Han's illegal activities except that many young women who come to the island disappear. Lee later sneaks out of his room. Evading Han's guards, he finds a hidden trapdoor that leads to several underground chambers where Han has been cooking heroin. He subdues a few of Han's guards and is forced to retreat when the possibility of being discovered becomes too great. As he sneaks back to his room, Williams spots Lee climbing a nearby wall. The next morning, Han attends the 1st few rounds of his tournament. He finds that Roper and Williams fight exceptionally well. Roper lays a few bets on Williams that pay off and has Williams lay down more bets. The two win a substantial amount of cash. Han appears and announces that one of his guests had been outside of their room after curfew and that some of his guards were attacked. He has his greatest fighter, Bolo, kill them all as punishment. Han later sends a message to Williams to meet him in his quarters. Roper is suspicious and tells Williams to watch his back. In his meeting with his host, Williams is praised by Han for his abilities, though they are unorthodox. Han mentions that Williams fights more for glory than harmony but Williams shrugs off Han's opinion, saying he fights to look good. Han then accuses him of attacking his guards the previous night. Williams is immediately angered, demanding that he be allowed to leave the island. Han refuses and a couple of his thugs attack Williams, who defeats them easily. Han himself takes up a combat stance and the two fight around the close quarters of Han's office. When Williams tries to kick Han in the hand, he inexplicably injures his foot. Han takes advantage and finally beats Williams down, killing him with a single blow. He removes the glove from his left hand, revealing that it's made of solid bronze. Back at the tournament, Roper beats a few opponents. Lee is called up to fight Oharra, one of Han's champions. With the memory of his dead sister to guide him, Lee lands several lightning-fast hits on Oharra. Oharra suddenly grabs one of Lee's feet with Han barking at him to let Lee go. Lee counterattacks with a vicious backflip kick to Oharra's chin that knocks him back. To finish him, Lee delivers a ferocious kick to Oharra's chest, knocking him into a few chairs and some of the spectators. Enraged, Oharra grabs two bottles, breaking them and brandishing the necks as weapons. Lee knocks the bottles from Oharra's hands and kicks him to the ground. Lee then lands a fatal blow to Oharra's throat. Han is flustered, telling the crowd that he has been disgraced by his champion and he leaves the court silently. Han later meets with Roper, showing him his extravagant home. One room is filled with glass display cases and Eastern weapons. In one case are the bones of a human hand. Han cheerfully says the severed hand is a "souvenir". He takes Roper into a room with a guillotine, placing own cat under the blade. He tells Roper that real loyalty is being able to kill at request but Roper refuses to pull the release rope that would kill the cat. Han pulls the rope, which activates a platform that lowers them into the lower levels of Han's house. Down there Roper sees Han's heroin lab and the prostitutes and prisoners he holds. Most of the women have vacant looks, as if drugged. Han makes Roper a generous offer to join his operation but Roper refuses when Han shows him the body of Williams, hanging over a deep pool. Roper is visibly upset at the sight of his dead friend and Han has the body dropped into the pool. Roper is taken prisoner. Needing to investigate further and to find a radio to get a message out to Braithwaite, Lee infiltrates the lower level again that night, picking up a cobra placed at the trapdoor to scare off any snoopers. Lee finds his way to the radio room, using the cobra to force the radio operators out. He gets his message out by telegraph. When he's discovered by Han's guards, he battles them, beating them with his fighting ability and their own weapons. After dispatching the last group, he rushes into another chamber but is trapped by closing metal doors. Above him, Han tells him that his fight with his guards was "extraordinary" and that he was planning to recruit him. Lee, however, has no desire and allows himself to be taken prisoner. The next morning on the tournament courts, Han orders Lee and Roper to be pitted against each other but they both refuse to fight. Han menacingly says he'll find opponents for them to fight, starting with pitting Bolo against Roper. Bolo carries the fight to his advantage for a few minutes until Roper battles back and lands a hard kick to Bolo's crotch, taking all the fight out of him. Infuriated, Han orders his men to attack both Roper and Lee. They find themselves easily defeated. Lee moves on Han, who takes off his fake fist and replaces it with a clawed appendage. Lee battles him, receiving a few slashes but is able to disarm Han when the drug lord has his claw stuck on a table. Meanwhile, Mei Ling frees all of Han's prisoners, directing them out to the tournament courts where they engage Han's men. Han runs off to his house with Lee right behind. In his trophy room, he takes an attachment for his wrist comprised of several sharp blades. The two square off - Han is able to slash Lee several times and wields a spear from his arsenal, however Lee is able to beat him back, forcing him to retreat behind a hidden door his spear becomes stuck in. Lee enters the room, finding it that it's entirely walled with mirrors. He moves slowly and deliberately, watching for Han. Han strikes a Lee a few times but Lee is finally able to work out an effective strategy: he begins breaking the mirrors around him, eliminating Han's advantage. He finally finds Han and gives him a vicious kick to the chest, impaling him on the spear he tried to use against Lee. Roper sits on the tournament court exhausted after the battle with Han's men. He glances to the side and sees that Tania is dead. Lee arrives back at the court and they exchange a parting glance. The final shot of the movie is of Han's claw stuck in the table.
tt1560985
Horror
An American girl sets out to make a documentary to understand what happened to her mother, who murdered three clergy people but was not convicted due to insanity and was instead sent to a mental hospital in the Vatican City. She hires a camera man and they attend a seminar on exorcism in the Vatican City. She meets some priests who explain that her mother's condition may not be medical, but could well be demonic possession. She witnesses an exorcism with the priests, which is also caught on tape. The priests and the documentary team then decide to carry out an exorcism on her mother, during which they seek to discover whether her mother is actually possessed. It turns out that she was possessed by at least four demons, and during the exorcism there occurs some transference - the migration of the demon from one body to another. Three of them are possessed and soon after they end up dead. It ends abruptly, with a car crash due to the demonic possession of the cameraman, who was driving at the time.
tt1592281
Comedy,Drama
The film begins with Margot (Michelle Williams) having a couple of chance encounters with Daniel (Luke Kirby) while on a work trip where they meet at the historic town of Louisburg in Nova Scotia, Canada, and later on the airplane from Halifax to Montreal, and then to Toronto. When the pair return home, they agree to split a cab, where Margot discovers that Daniel lives only a couple houses away from her. There is an obvious attraction between the two. Margot is married to Lou (Seth Rogen) and they have been married for almost five years. The couple has settled into a comfortable but unexciting routine. Lou is intensely focused on his efforts to write a cookbook and Margot (who is essentially a freelance writer) has a lot of free time. The pair are physically intimate (although Margot says it takes all her courage to seduce Lou) and their love for each other seems genuine. They are also extremely close with Lou's family, with Margot's best friend being Lou's sister Geraldine (Sarah Silverman), a recovering alcoholic. Meanwhile, Margot and Daniel continue seeing each other and their connection grows ever more intense. At one point, Margot tells Daniel that she will kiss him in 30 years in the year 2040 (saying that after 35 years of faithful marriage, she will have earned a kiss from him). Daniel seems regretful that Margot is married and she is clearly intrigued by the passion he has for her (and the amount of time he devotes to her). Eventually, the pair spend an entire day together, going to an amusement park and sharing a romantic picnic. Though Margot enters Daniel's house at the end of his night and sits on his bed, she eventually breaks down crying and leaves before anything physical happens. Daniel realizes that their continued relationship will only lead to unhappiness (and he also doesn't want to hurt Lou and his family), so he moves out of his house. That night, Margot dreams of sharing a passionate kiss with Daniel. When she wakes up, she tells Lou that she wants a divorce. Margot then leaves and finds Daniel and the two passionately embrace. We watch a montage of Daniel and Margot having very passionate (and sometimes kinky) sex. After the montage ends, Margot gets a call that Geraldine has relapsed and gone missing and that her son is asking for Margot. Responding to the call, Margot returns to Toronto and shows up at Lou's house to comfort Geraldine's son. Geraldine finally returns (still slightly drunk) and when she sees Margot, angrily confronts her. Geraldine admits that she has a problem, but that what Margot did was worse because she betrayed everybody for only illusory happiness. After Geraldine is arrested by the police for driving under the influence, Lou and Margot then share one last bittersweet conversation before she leaves. Some more time passes and we see that Daniel and Margot have now settled into their own routine that is somewhat similar to the one she had with Lou. Though Daniel still seems to love Margot, the passion they shared earlier appears to have dissipated. The film ends with Margot riding the rides at the amusement park alone.
tt0097815
Comedy,Sport
Rachel Phelps, a former Las Vegas showgirl, has inherited the Cleveland Indians baseball team from her deceased husband. She wants to move the team to Miami, which has promised her a sweetheart deal including a new stadium. In order to do this, she must reduce the season's attendance at Cleveland Stadium to under 800,000 tickets sold, which will trigger an escape clause in the team's lease with the city of Cleveland. Believing that finishing dead last will knock attendance down low enough for her to move, she instructs her new General Manager Charlie Donovan to hire the worst team possible from a list she has already prepared. The list includes veteran catcher Jake Taylor, who has problems with his knees and was last playing in Mexico; incarcerated pitcher Ricky Vaughn, who's due to be paroled soon; power-hitting outfielder Pedro Cerrano, who practices voodoo to improve his game; veteran pitcher Eddie Harris, who no longer has a strong throwing arm and is forced to doctor his pitches; and third baseman Roger Dorn, a one-time star who is under contract but has become a high-priced prima donna. As manager, Phelps hires Lou Brown, a career minor league manager of the Toledo Mud Hens who works in the off-season as a tire salesman. At spring training in Tucson, Arizona, the brash but speedy center fielder Willie "Mays" Hayes crashes camp uninvited, but is invited to join the team after displaying his running speed. Spring training reveals several problems with the new players: Vaughn has an incredible fastball but lacks control. Hayes is able to run the bases quickly and steal them effectively, but hits only pop flies, and Cerrano, despite his tremendous power, cannot hit a curveball. The veterans have their own problems: Dorn refuses to aggressively field ground balls, afraid that potential injuries will damage his upcoming contract negotiations, and it becomes clear that Taylor's bad knees will be a season-long concern. Every time a player displays one of their bad habits, Brown forces them to do push-ups or sit-ups on the spot -- when Dorn objects and shows Lou his contract, Lou urinates on it. On the final day, when Brown begins cutting the team down to 25 players, Dorn plays a practical joke on Vaughn, making him believe he was cut, resulting in a locker-room brawl. Taylor intervenes, telling Vaughn not to fight with Dorn (who always badgers the rookies) and to save it for the field. After the team returns to Cleveland before the season begins, Taylor takes Vaughn and Hayes out to dinner but comes across his ex-girlfriend Lynn, who is dining with her current beau. Taylor believes he can try to win her back by proclaiming that he has a major league job again, but is disappointed to hear that she is already engaged. The Indians' new season starts off poorly: Vaughn's initial pitching appearances end in disaster, with his wild pitches earning him the derogatory title "Wild Thing." On a rare occasion when Vaughn does get a ball over the plate, it is powered well over 400 feet by the New York Yankees' best hitter, Clu Haywood. Brown discovers that Vaughn's control is off because his eyesight is poor; once Vaughn gets glasses his control greatly improves, and he becomes one of the team's aces and his moniker of "Wild Thing" becomes a rallying cry for fans. Despite their flaws, the team begins to improve, so Phelps decides to demoralize them further by removing luxuries, such as replacing their team jet with a dilapidated prop plane, then with an old bus. She also refuses to fix the teams locker room whirlpool and provide a masseuse for injuries. However, these changes do not affect the Indians' performance and the team continues to win. One night after an Indians loss where the team showed great promise, Brown mentions to Donovan that the team could do much better, perhaps even providing a few All-Stars for the league, if there was one thing to pull them all together. Donovan reveals Phelps' plan to Brown, who then relays the same news to the players. Brown also tells them that if the team plays too well for Phelps to void the lease, she will release them all regardless. With nothing to lose, the team agrees to get back at Phelps by winning the pennant. Brown motivates the team further by providing a double-layered cardboard cutout of Phelps from her showgirl days; after every victory, a piece of the outer layer is removed, eventually presenting a (mostly) nude picture of Phelps. The team plays very well down the stretch of the season, and clinch a tie for first in the American League East by beating the Chicago White Sox on the last day of the season. They force a one-game playoff with the division's co-leaders, the Yankees. Prior to the playoff, Taylor continues to try to woo Lynn back and they share a night together. Vaughn learns that he will not be the starting pitcher for the big game and goes to a bar to mope, where he encounters Suzanne Dorn, whom he doesn't know. Feeling spited after seeing her husband Roger on television with another woman, she retaliates by seducing Vaughn. Vaughn is unaware of who she is until she tells him before leaving the apartment. Taylor advises Vaughn to keep his distance from Dorn for most of the game by staying in the bullpen. The game remains scoreless until the seventh inning when Harris gives up two runs. Cerrano comes to the plate in the bottom of the seventh and misses badly on two curveballs. He angrily threatens his voodoo god Jo-bu, then hits the next pitch -- another curve -- for a two-run homer. In the top of the ninth, the Yankees are able to load the bases for the power-hitting Clu Haywood, and Lou decides to bring Vaughn in to pitch to him. Taylor is reluctant but Brown has a strong hunch that Vaughn is due. While Taylor taunts Haywood from behind home plate, Vaughn strikes out his nemesis on three straight fastballs to end the inning, the fastest is clocked at 101 mph. With two outs in the bottom of the ninth, Hayes manages an infield single. The Yankees respond by bringing in their headhunting closer, Duke Simpson, to pitch to Taylor. After Hayes steals second, Taylor and Lou trade signs in the dugout, and Taylor points to center field, calling his shot. The Duke responds by throwing a fastball straight at Taylor's head, but the catcher is undeterred and gets back up and points again. However, with Hayes running, Taylor bunts instead, catching the Yankees infield off-guard. Despite his weak knees, Taylor manages to beat out the throw to first as Hayes rounds third and heads for home plate. Hayes slides safely into home, giving the Indians the win on a walk-off single. As the team celebrates, Dorn punches Vaughn in the face but then helps him up to continue the celebration. Jake finds Lynn in the stands, who raises her left hand to show that she is no longer wearing an engagement ring, and they reunite as the film closes.
tt0079945
Adventure,Mystery,Sci-Fi
In Klingon space, three Klingon battle cruisers encounter a huge cloud-like anomaly. On the bridge of one of the ships, the captain (Mark Lenard) orders his crew to fire torpedoes at it, but they have no effect. The ships take evasive action. Meanwhile, in Federation space, a monitoring station, Epsilon 9, picks up a distress signal from one of the Klingon ships. As the three ships are attempting to escape the cloud, energy beams shoot out and engulf each ship one by one, and they vanish. On Epsilon 9, the crew tracks the course of the cloud and discovers that it is headed for Earth. On Vulcan, Spock (Leonard Nimoy) has been undergoing the kohlinahr ritual, in which he has been learning how to purge all emotions, and is nearly finished with his training. The female Vulcan Master, surrounded by two men, is about to give him an ornate necklace as a symbol of pure logic, when Spock holds out his hand to stop her. Confused, she mind melds with him and senses a consciousness calling to him from space that is affecting his human side. She drops the necklace. "You have not yet achieved kohlinahr. You must look elsewhere for your answer," she says as they leave Spock. "You will not find it here. Live long and prosper." In San Francisco, Admiral James T. Kirk (William Shatner) arrives at Starfleet Headquarters in a shuttlecraft. He sees Commander Sonak (Jon Rashad Kamal), a Vulcan science officer who is joining the Enterprise crew and recommended for the position by Kirk himself. Kirk is bothered as to why Sonak is not yet on board. Sonak explains that Captain Willard Decker (Stephen Collins), the new captain of the Enterprise, wanted him to complete his science briefing at Headquarters before they left on their mission. The Enterprise has been undergoing a complete refitting for the past 18 months and is now under final preparations to leave, which would take at least 20 hours, but Kirk informs him that they only have 12. He orders Sonak to report to him on the Enterprise in one hour; he has a short meeting with Admiral Nogura and is intent on being on the ship. Kirk transports to an office complex orbiting Earth and meets Montgomery Scott (James Doohan), the Enterprise's chief engineer. Scotty expresses his concern about the tight departure time. The cloud is less than three days away from Earth, and the Enterprise has been ordered to intercept it because they are the only ship in range. Scotty says that the refit can't be finished in 12 hours, and tries to convince him that the ship needs more work done as well as a shakedown cruise. Kirk insists that they are leaving, ready or not. They board a travel pod and begin the journey over to the drydock in orbit that houses the Enterprise. Scotty informs Kirk that the crew hasn't had enough transition time with all the new equipment and that the engines haven't even been tested at warp power, not to mention that they have an untried captain. Kirk informs Scotty that two and a half years as Chief of Starfleet Operations may have made him a little stale, but that he wouldn't exactly consider himself untried. Kirk then informs a surprised Scotty that Starfleet gave him back his command of the Enterprise. Scotty doubts it, saying that he doesn't think it was that easy with Admiral Nogura, who gave Kirk his orders. They arrive at the Enterprise, and Scotty indulges Kirk with a brief tour of the new exterior of the ship. Upon docking with the ship, Scotty is summoned to Engineering. Kirk goes up to the bridge, and is informed by Lt. Uhura (Nichelle Nichols) that Starfleet has just transferred command from Captain Decker over to him. Kirk finds Decker in engineering, whom is visibly upset when Kirk breaks the news that he is assuming command, but recognizes it is necessary because Kirk has more experience. Decker will remain on the ship as second officer. As Decker storms off, an alarm sounds. Someone is trying to beam over to the ship, but the transporter is malfunctioning. Kirk and Scotty race to the transporter room. Transporter operator Janice Rand (Grace Lee Whitney) is frantically trying to order Starfleet to abort the transport, but it is too late. Commander Sonak and an unknown female officer are beaming in, but their bodies are not reforming properly in the beam. The female officer screams, and then their bodies disappear. Starfleet signals to them that they have died. Kirk orders Starfleet to express his sympathies to their families. In the corridor, Kirk sees Decker and informs him they will have to replace Commander Sonak and wants another Vulcan onboard once possible. Decker informs him that no one is available that is familiar with the ship's new design. Kirk informs Decker he will have to double his duties as science officer as well. In the recreation room, as Kirk briefs the assembled crew on the mission, they receive a transmission from Epsilon 9. Commander Branch (David Gautreaux) informs them they have analyzed the mysterious cloud. It generates an immense amount of energy and measures 2 AUs (300 million km) in diameter. There is also a vessel of some kind in the center. They have attempted to communicate with it and have performed scans, but the cloud reflects them back. It seems to think of the scans as hostile and attacks them. Like the Klingon ships earlier, Epsilon 9 disappears. Later on the bridge, Uhura informs Kirk that the transporter is repaired and now working. Lt. Ilia, (Persis Khambatta), a bald being from the planet Delta IV, arrives. Decker is happy to see her, as they developed a romantic relationship when he was assigned to her planet several years earlier. Ilia is curious about Decker's reduction in rank and Kirk interrupts and informs her about Decker being the executive and science officer. Decker informs her, with slight sarcasm, that Kirk has the utmost confidence in him. Ilia informs Kirk that her oath of celibacy is on record and asks permission to assume her duties. Uhura informs Kirk that one of the last few crew members to arrive is refusing to beam up. Kirk goes to the transporter room to ensure that he beams up. In the transporter room, Kirk orders Starfleet to beam the officer aboard on the double. Dr. Leonard "Bones" McCoy (DeForest Kelley) materializes on the platform. McCoy is angry that his Starfleet commission was reactivated and that it was Kirk's idea for him to be brought along on the mission. However, his attitude changes when Kirk says he desperately needs him. McCoy leaves to check out the new sickbay. The crew finishes its repairs and the Enterprise leaves drydock and into the solar system. Dr. McCoy comes up to the bridge and complains that the new sickbay is nothing but a computer center. Kirk is anxious to intercept the cloud intruder, and orders Hikaru Sulu (George Takei) to go to warp speed. Suddenly, the ship enters a wormhole, which was created by an engine imbalance, and is about to collide with an asteroid that has been pulled inside. Kirk orders the phasers to be fired on it, but Decker orders Pavel Chekov (Walter Koenig) to fire photon torpedoes instead. The asteroid is destroyed and the wormhole vanishes. Annoyed, Kirk wants to meet with Decker in his quarters. Dr. McCoy decides to go along. Kirk demands from Decker an explanation on his phaser order countermanded. Decker pointed out that the redesigned Enterprise channeled the phasers through the main engines and because they were imbalanced, the phasers were cut off. Kirk acknowledged that he had saved the ship; however, he accuses Decker of competing with him. Decker informs Kirk that, because of his unfamiliarity with the ship's new design, the mission is in jeopardy. Decker informs Kirk that he will gladly help Kirk understand the new design. Kirk then dismisses him from the room. In the corridor, Decker runs into Ilia. Ilia asked if the confrontation was difficult, and he informs her that it was about as difficult as seeing her again, and apologizes. She asked if he was sorry for leaving Delta IV, or for not saying goodbye. He said that if he had seen her again, would she be able to say goodbye? She says no, and walked around him and entered her quarters nearby. Back in Kirk's quarters, McCoy accuses Kirk of being the one who was competing, and the fact that it was Kirk who used the emergency to pressure Starfleet into letting him get back command of the Enterprise. McCoy thinks that Kirk is obsessed with keeping his command. On Kirk's console viewscreen, Uhura informs Kirk that a long-range shuttle is approaching and that the occupant wishes to dock. Chekov also pipes in and replies that it appears to be a courier vessel. Kirk orders Chekov to handle the situation. The Vulcan shuttle approaches the Enterprise from behind, and the top portion of it detaches and docks at an airlock behind the bridge. Chekov is waiting by the airlock doors and is surprised to see Spock come aboard. Moments later, Spock arrives on the bridge, and everyone is shocked and pleased to see him, yet Spock ignores them. He moves over to the science station and informs Kirk that he is aware of the crisis and knows about the ship's engine design difficulties. He offers to step in as the ship's science officer. McCoy and Dr. Christine Chapel (Majel Barrett) come to the bridge to greet Spock, but Spock just stares alarmingly at their emotional outburst. Spock leaves to discuss fuel equations with Scotty in engineering. With Spock's assistance, the engines are now rebalanced for full warp capacity. The ship successfully goes to warp to intercept the cloud. In the officers lounge, Spock meets with Kirk and McCoy. They discuss Spock's kohlinahr training on Vulcan, and how Spock broke off from his training to join them. Spock describes how he sensed the consciousness of the intruder, from a source more powerful that he has ever encountered, with perfect, logical thought patterns. He believes that it holds the answers he seeks. Uhura informs Kirk over the intercom that they have visual contact with the intruder. The cloud scans the ship, but Kirk orders no return scans and they might be considered hostile. Spock determines that the scans are coming from the center of the cloud. Uhura tries sending linguacode messages, but there is no response. Decker suggests raising the shields for protection, but Kirk determines that might also be considered hostile to the cloud. Spock analyzes the clouds composition, and discovers it has a 12-power energy field, the equivalent of power generated by thousands of starships. Sitting at the science station, Spock awakens from a brief trance. He reveals to Kirk that the alien was communicating with him. The alien is puzzled; it contacted the Enterprise--why has the Enterprise not replied? A red alert sounds, and an energy beam from within the cloud emerged and charges at the Enterprise. Spock analysis the incoming alien weapon as a form of plasma energy, but lists it exact composition and guidance system as unknown. Kirk orders the Enterprise shields raises just as the energy beam (called a 'whiplash bolt') hits the touches the ship's force field, and begins to overload the ship's systems. Bolts of lightning surround the warp core and nearly injure some engineering officers, and Chekov is also hurt--his hand is burned while sitting at the weapons station on the bridge. The energy beam then disappears having expanded its energy. A medical team is summoned to the bridge, and Ilia is able to use her telepathic powers to soothe Chekov's pain. Scotty then contacts the bridge from the engineering room to explain that the ship's shield power is down by over 70% from the plasma energy bolt's impact. Kirk orders some auxiliary powers to be diverted to the shields. Spock then confirms to Kirk that the alien has been attempting to communicate. It communicates at a frequency of more than one million megahertz, and at such a high rate of speed, the message only lasts a millisecond. Spock begins to program the ship's computer to send linguacode messages at that frequency. Another energy beam is sent out, but Spock transmits a message just in time, and the beam disappears. The ship continues on course through the cloud. They pass through many expansive and colorful cloud layers and upon clearing these, a giant vessel is revealed. It is roughly cylindrical in shape, with large spikes jutting out from the surface at equidistant angles between each other, forming a hexagonal shape. Kirk orders Uhura to transmit an image of the alien to Starfleet, but she explains that any transmission sent out of the cloud is being reflected back to them. Kirk orders Sulu to fly above and along the top of the vessel at a distance of 500 meters. The Enterprise is so small compared to the size of the alien vessel that it appears only as a little white dot next to it. The ship travels past many oddly-shaped structures, including a sunken area where the energy beams originate. An alarm sounds, and yet another energy bolt approaches the ship. It appears on the bridge as a column of bright light that emits a very loud noise. The crew struggles to shield their eyes from its brilliant glow. Chekov asks Spock if it is one of the alien's crew, and Spock replies that it is a probe sent from the vessel also made form a plasma energy combination. The probe slowly moves around the room and stops in front of the science station. Bolts of lightning shoot out from it and surround the console--it is trying to access the ship's computer. Spock manages to smash the controls to prevent further access, and the probe gives him an electric shock that sends him rolling onto the floor. The probe approaches the helm/navigation console and it scans Lt. Ilia. Suddenly, she vanishes, along with the probe. Ahead of the ship looms another giant section of the vessel that begins to open up. A tractor beam is drawing the Enterprise toward an opening aperture. Decker calls for Chief DiFalco (Marcy Lafferty) to come up to the bridge as Ilia's replacement. The ship travels deep into the next chamber. Decker wonders why they were brought inside--they could have been easily destroyed outside. Spock deduces that the alien is curious about them. Uhura's monitor shows that the aperture is closing; they are trapped. The ship is released from the tractor beam and suddenly, an intruder alert goes off. Someone has come aboard the ship and is in the crew quarters section. Kirk and Spock arrive inside a crewman's quarters to discover that the intruder is inside the sonic shower. It is revealed to be Ilia, although it isn't really her--there is a small red device attached to her neck. In a mechanized voice, she replies "You are the Kirk unit--you will listen to me." She explains that she has been programmed by an entity called "V'Ger" to observe and record the normal functions of the carbon-based units (humans) infesting the Enterprise. Kirk opens the shower door and "Ilia" steps out, wearing a small white garment that just materialized around her. Dr. McCoy and a security officer enter the room, and Kirk orders McCoy to scan her with a tricorder. Kirk asks her who V'Ger is. She replies "V'Ger is that which programmed me." McCoy informs Kirk that Ilia is a mechanism and Spock confirms she is a probe that assumed Ilia's physical form. Kirk asks where the real Ilia is, and the probe states that "that unit" no longer functions. Kirk also asks why V'Ger is traveling to Earth, and the probe answers that it wishes to find the Creator, join with him, and become one with it. Spock suggests that McCoy perform a complete examination of the probe. In sickbay, the Ilia probe lays on a diagnostic table, its sensors slowly taking readings. All normal body functions, down to the microscopic level, are exactly duplicated by the probe. Decker arrives and is stunned to see her there. She looks up at him and addresses him as "Decker", rather than "Decker unit", which intrigues Spock. Spock speaks with Kirk and Decker in an adjoining room, and Spock locks the door. Spock theorizes that the real Ilia's memories and feelings have been duplicated by the probe as well as her body. Decker is angry that the probe killed Ilia, but Kirk convinces him that their only contact with the vessel is through the probe, and they need to use that advantage to find out more about the alien. Suddenly, the probe bursts through the door, and demands that Kirk assist her with her observations. He informs her that Decker will do it with more efficiency. Decker and Ilia are seen walking around in the recreation room. He shows her pictures of the previous ships that were named Enterprise. Decker has been trying to see if Ilia's memories or emotions can resurface, but to no avail. Kirk and McCoy are observing them covertly on a monitor from his quarters. Decker shows her a game that the crew enjoys playing. She is not interested and states that recreation and enjoyment has no meaning to her programming. At another game, which Ilia enjoyed and nearly always won, they both press one of their hands down onto a table to play it. The table lights up, indicating she won the game, and she gazes into Decker's eyes. This moment of emotion ends suddenly, and she returns to normal. She says "This device serves no purpose." "Why does the Enterprise require the presence of carbon units?" she asks. Decker informs her the ship couldn't function without them. She informs him that more information is needed before the crew can be patterned for data storage. Horrified, he asks her what this means. She says "When my examination is complete, all carbon units will be reduced to data patterns." He informs her that within her are the memory patterns of a certain carbon unit. He convinces her to let him help her revive those patterns so that she can understand their functions better. She allows him to proceed. Spock slowly enters an airlock room. He sees an officer standing at a console, his back to Spock. Spock quietly approaches him, and gives him the Vulcan nerve pinch to render him unconscious. Decker, the probe, Dr. McCoy and Dr. Chapel are in Ilia's quarters. Dr. Chapel gives the probe a decorative headband that Ilia used to wear. Chapel puts it over "Ilia's" head and turns her toward a mirror. Decker asks her if she remembers wearing it on Delta IV. The probe shows another moment of emotion, saying Dr. Chapel's name, and putting her hand on Decker's face, calling him Will. Behind them, McCoy reminds Decker that she is a mechanism. Decker asks "Ilia" to help them make contact with V'Ger. She says that she cannot, and Decker asks her who the Creator is. She says V'Ger does not know. The probe becomes emotionless again and removes the headband. Spock is now outside the ship in a space suit with an attached thruster pack. He begins recording a log entry for Kirk detailing his attempt to contact the alien. He activates a panel on the suit and calculates thruster ignition and acceleration to coincide with the opening of an aperture ahead of him. He hopes to get a better view of the spacecraft interior. Kirk comes up to the bridge and Uhura informs him that Starfleet signals are growing stronger, indicating they are very close to Earth. Starfleet is monitoring the intruder and notifies Uhura that it is slowing down in its approach. Sulu confirms this and says that lunar beacons show the intruder is entering into orbit. Chekov informs Kirk that Airlock 4 has been opened and a thruster suit is missing. Kirk figures out that Spock has done it, and orders Chekov to get Spock back on the ship. He changes his mind, and instead orders him to determine his position. Meanwhile, Spock touches a button on his thruster panel and his thruster engine ignites. He is propelled forward rapidly, and enters the next chamber of the vessel just before the aperture closes behind him. The thruster engine shuts down, and the momentum carries Spock ahead further. He disconnects the thruster pack from his suit and it falls away from him. Continuing his log entry, Spock sees an image of what he believes to be V'Ger's home planet. He passes through a tunnel filled with crackling plasma energy, possibly a power source for a gigantic imaging system. He next sees several more images of planets, moons, stars, and galaxies stored and recorded. Spock theorizes that this may be a visual representation of V'Ger's entire journey. "But who or what are we dealing with?" he ponders. He sees the Epsilon 9 station, and notes to Kirk that he is convinced that all of what he is seeing is V'Ger; and that they are inside a living machine. Then he sees a giant image of Lt. Ilia with the sensor on her neck. Spock decides it must have some special meaning, so he attempts to mind-meld with it. He is quickly overwhelmed by the multitude of images flooding his mind, and is thrown backward. Kirk is now in a space suit and has exited the ship. The aperture in front of the Enterprise opens, and Spock's unconscious body floats toward him. Later, Dr. Chapel and Dr. McCoy are examining Spock in sickbay. Dr. McCoy performs scans and determines that Spock endured massive neurological trauma from the mind-meld. Spock informs Kirk he should have known and Kirk asks if he was right about V'Ger. Spock calls it a conscious, living entity. Kirk explains that V'Ger considers the Enterprise a living machine and it's why "Ilia" refers to the ship as an entity and the crew as an infestation. Spock describes V'Ger's homeworld as a planet populated by living machines with unbelievable technology. But with all that logic and knowledge, V'Ger is barren, with no mystery or meaning. He momentarily lapses into sleep but Kirk rouses him awake to ask what Spock should have known. Spock grasps Kirk's hand and informs him "This simple feeling is beyond V'Ger's comprehension. No meaning, no hope. And Jim, no answers. It's asking questions. 'Is this all that I am? Is there nothing more?'" Uhura chimes in and informs Kirk that they are getting a faint signal from Starfleet. The intruder has been on their monitors for a while and the cloud is rapidly dissipating as it approaches. Sulu also comments that the intruder has slowed to sub-warp speed and is three minutes from Earth orbit. Kirk acknowledges and he, McCoy and Spock go up to the bridge. Starfleet sends the Enterprise a tactical report on the intruder's position. Uhura informs Kirk that V'Ger is transmitting a signal. Decker and "Ilia" come up to the bridge, and she says that V'Ger is signaling the Creator. Spock determines that the transmission is a radio signal. Decker informs Kirk that V'Ger expects an answer, but Kirk doesn't know the question. Then "Ilia" says that the Creator has not responded. An energy bolt is released from V'Ger and positions itself above Earth. Chekov reports that all planetary defense systems have just gone inoperative. Several more bolts are released, and they all split apart to form smaller ones and they assume equidistant positions around the planet. McCoy notices that the bolts are the same ones that hit the ship earlier, and Spock says that these are hundreds of times more powerful, and from those positions, they can destroy all life on Earth. "Why?" Kirk asks "Ilia". She says that the carbon unit infestation will be removed from the Creator's planet as they are interfering with the Creator's ability to respond and accuses the crew of infesting the Enterprise and interfering in the same manner. Kirk informs "Ilia" that carbon units are a natural function of the Creator's planet and they are living things, not infestations. However, "Ilia" says they are not true life forms like the Creator. McCoy realizes V'Ger must think its creator is a machine. Spock compares V'Ger to a child, and suggests they treat it like one. McCoy retorts that this child is about to wipe out every living thing on Earth. To get "Ilia's" attention, Kirk says that the carbon units know why the Creator has not responded. "Ilia" demands that the Creator disclose the information. Kirk won't do it until V'Ger withdraws all the orbiting devices. In response to this, V'Ger interrupts the ship's communications with Starfleet. She orders him again to disclose the information. He refuses, and a plasma energy attack shakes the ship. McCoy informs Spock that the child is having a tantrum. Kirk informs the probe that if V'Ger destroys the Enterprise, then the information it needs will also be destroyed. "Ilia" says that it is illogical to withhold the required information, and asks him why he will not disclose it. Kirk explains it is because V'Ger is going to destroy all life forms on Earth. "Ilia" says that they have oppressed the Creator, and Kirk makes it clear he will not disclose anything. "V'Ger needs the information," says "Ilia". Kirk says that V'Ger will have to withdraw all the orbiting devices. "Ilia" says that V'Ger will comply, if the carbon units will give the information. Spock informs Kirk that V'Ger must have a central brain complex. Kirk theorizes that the orbiting devices are controlled from there. Kirk informs "Ilia" that the information cannot be disclosed to V'Ger's probe, but only to V'Ger itself. "Ilia" stares at the viewscreen, and in response, the aperture opens and drags the ship forward with a tractor beam into the next chamber. Chekov informs Kirk that the energy bolts will reach their final positions and activate in 27 minutes. Kirk calls to Scotty on the intercom and orders him to stand by to execute Starfleet Order 2005; the self-destruct command. A female crew member asks Scotty why Kirk ordered self-destruct, and Scotty informs her that Kirk hopes that when they explode, so will the intruder. The countdown is now down to 18 minutes. DiFalco reports that they have traveled 17 kilometers inside the vessel. Kirk goes over to Spock's station, and sees that Spock has been crying. "Not for us," Kirk realizes. Spock informs him he is crying for V'Ger, and that he weeps for V'Ger as he would for a brother. As he was when he came aboard the Enterprise, so is V'Ger now--empty, incomplete and searching. Logic and knowledge are not enough. McCoy realizes Spock has found what he needed, but that V'Ger hasn't. Decker wonders what V'Ger would need to fulfill itself. Spock comments that each one of us, at some point in our lives asks, "Why am I here?" "What was I meant to be?" V'Ger hopes to touch its Creator and find those answers. DiFalco directs Kirk's attention to the viewscreen. Ahead of them is a structure with a bright light. Sulu reports that forward motion has stopped. Chekov replies that an oxygen/gravity envelope has formed outside of the ship. "Ilia" points to the structure on the screen and identifies it as V'Ger. Uhura has located the source of the radio signal and it is straight ahead. A passageway forms outside the ship as Kirk, Spock, McCoy, Decker and "Ilia" enter a turbolift. The landing party exits an airlock on the top of the saucer section and walks up the passageway. At the end of the path is a concave structure, and in the center of it is an ancient NASA probe from three centuries earlier. Kirk tries to rub away the soot on the nameplate and makes out the letters V-GER. He continues to rub away more of the residue, and discovers that the craft is actually Voyager 6. Kirk recalls the history of the Voyager program--it was designed to collect data and transmit it back to Earth. Decker informs Kirk that Voyager 6 disappeared through a black hole over 300 years earlier after it was launched. Kirk says that it must have emerged on the far side of the galaxy and got caught in the machine planet's gravity. Spock theorizes that the planet's inhabitants found the probe to be one of their own kind--primitive, yet kindred. They discovered the probe's 20th century programming, which was to collect data and return that information to its creator. The machines interpreted that instruction literally, and constructed the entire vessel so that Voyager could fulfill its programming. Kirk continues by saying that on its journey back, it amassed so much knowledge that it gained its own consciousness. "Ilia" informs Kirk that V'Ger awaits the information. Kirk calls Uhura on his communicator and orders her to find information on the Voyager XI probe in the ship's computer library records, specifically the NASA code signal, which will allow the probe to transmit its data. Decker realizes that that is what the probe was signaling--its readiness to transmit everything. Kirk then says that there is no one on Earth who recognizes the old-style signal--the Creator does not answer. Kirk calls out to V'Ger and says that they are the Creator. "Ilia" says that is not logical--carbon units are not true life forms. Kirk says they will prove it by allowing V'Ger to complete its programming. Uhura calls Kirk on his communicator and informs him she has retrieved the code. Kirk orders her to set the Enterprise transmitter to the code frequency and to transmit the signal. Decker reads off the numerical code on his tricorder, and is about to read the final sequence, but Voyager's circuitry burns out, an effort by V'Ger itself to prevent the last part of the code from being transmitted. "Ilia" says that the Creator must join with V'Ger, and turns toward Decker. McCoy warns Kirk that they only have 10 minutes left. Decker figures out that V'Ger wanted to bring the Creator here and transmit the code signal in person. Spock informs Kirk that V'Ger's knowledge has reached the limits of the universe and it must evolve. Kirk says that V'Ger needs a human quality in order to evolve. Decker thinks that V'Ger joining with the Creator will accomplish that. He then goes over to the damaged circuitry and fixes the wires so he can manually enter the rest of the code through the ground test computer. Kirk tries to stop him, but "Ilia" tosses him aside. Decker informs Kirk that he wants this as much as Kirk wanted the Enterprise. Suddenly, a bright light forms around Decker's body. "Ilia" moves over to him, and the light encompasses them both as they merge together. Their bodies disappear, and the light expands and begins to consume the area. Kirk, Spock and McCoy retreat back to the Enterprise. V'Ger explodes and disappears in a flash of light, leaving the Enterprise above Earth, unharmed. On the bridge, Kirk wonders if they just saw the beginning of a new life form, and Spock says yes and that it is possibly the next step in their evolution. McCoy says that its been a while since he delivered a baby, and hopes that they got this one off to a good start. Uhura informs Kirk that Starfleet is requesting the ship's damage and injury reports and complete vessel status. Kirk reports that there were only two casualties: Lt. Ilia and Captain Decker. He quickly corrects his statement and changes their status to missing. Vessel status: fully operational. Scotty comes on the bridge and agrees with Kirk that it's time to give the Enterprise a proper shakedown. When Scotty offers to have Spock back on Vulcan in four days, Spock says that's unnecessary, as his task on Vulcan is completed. Kirk orders Sulu to proceed ahead at warp factor one. When DiFalco asks for a heading, Kirk simply says "Out there, thataway." With that, the Enterprise flies overhead and engages warp drive.
tt0070328
Action,Adventure,Thriller
Three British MI6 agents, including one "on loan" to the American government, are killed under mysterious circumstances within 24 hours while monitoring the operations of Dr. Kananga, the dictator of a small Caribbean island called San Monique. One is killed at a meeting of the United Nations. The second is stabbed on a street in New Orleans while observing a restaurant called Fillet of Soul; his body is secreted in the coffin of a passing funeral procession. The third agent is killed on the island of San Monique during a voodoo rites ceremony; the high priest uses a poisonous snake to kill the man. James Bond is ordered by his boss, M, to investigate the deaths and their connections to Kananga. He is sent to New York City, where the first agent was killed and where Kananga is currently visiting the UN. As soon as Bond arrives in New York City, his driver is killed while taking him to meet Felix Leiter of the CIA and Bond narrowly escapes a potentially fatal car wreck. The driver's killer leads Bond to Mr. Big, a gangster who runs the chain of Fillet of Soul restaurants throughout the United States. It is during his confrontation with Mr. Big that Bond first meets Solitaire, a beautiful virgin tarot expert who has the uncanny ability to see both the future and remote events in the present. Big orders his henchman to kill Bond, who, with the assistance of Felix Leiter, manages to escape unscathed. Bond follows Kananga to San Monique, where he subsequently meets Rosie Carver, a CIA double agent, who is subsequently murdered after Bond suspects her of working for Kananga. Later he meets the boatman Quarrel, Jr. who takes him to the home of Solitaire. Using a stacked deck of tarot cards only showing "The Lovers", Bond seduces her. Solitaire loses her virginity to Bond and also loses her foresight abilities and is forced into cooperating with Bond to bring down Kananga. Bond escapes the island with Solitaire on Quarrel Jr's boat and heads for Louisiana. When they arrive, Bond escapes Kananga's men in a small craft airport. He meets up with Felix Leiter and the two go to the New Orleans Fillet of Soul. When Leiter leaves their table momentarily, it drops down into the floor, where Mr. Big awaits Bond. Big harshly demands to know if Bond had slept with Solitaire. Bond says that the answer is a secret between himself and Solitaire and he'll only reveal the truth to Kananga himself. Big suddenly pulls prosthetic makeup from his face, revealing that he is actually Kananga. Kananga explains that he is producing two metric tonnes of heroin on San Monique and is protecting the poppy fields with camouflage and by exploiting locals' fear of voodoo and the occult. Through his alter ego, Mr. Big, Kananga plans to distribute the heroin free of charge on the market, which will drive all the other drug cartels out of business, increase the number of addicts, and give Kananga a monopoly of the heroin market. Using the serial number on Bond's watch, Kananga tests Solitaire's truthsaying powers. She fails but Kananga does not reveal the outcome in front of Bond; after Bond is escorted out of the room, he chastises Solitaire harshly for her betrayal and leaves her in the hands of Baron Samedi to be sacrificed in ritual on San Monique. Kananga turns Bond over to Tee Hee Johnson, a thug with a mechanical arm, who takes Bond to the Farm, a community in the Louisiana backwoods filled with alligators and crocodiles and housing one of Kanaga's heroin labs. Bond is left on a small island to be food for the gators but he jumps on the backs of the reptiles to reach the shore. He sets the Farm on fire, killing some of Kananga's men. He steals a speedboat leading to a furious chase with Kananga's men in pursuit and the local sheriff, J.W. Pepper, and the Louisiana state police trying to blockade Bond and his pursuers. Bond evades them all and is met by Leiter who informs him that Kananga, Samedi and Solitaire left for San Monique. Bond goes back to San Monique, ordering Quarrel Jr to plant explosives in the poppy fields. Bond interrupts the voodoo sacrifice, rescuing Solitaire. While Bond holds the ritual attendees at bay, Baron Samedi pops up from a grave. Bond shoots him, finding he's a ceramic decoy, however, the real Samedi appears. Bond fights the man briefly & the villain ends up falling in a coffin full of poisonous snakes, seemingly bitten to death. Bond and Solitaire travel below ground into Kananga's lair. They find Kananga, who tells Bond that his wet suit was found and that the explosives he used on the poppy fields have done too little damage to interrupt production. Bond and Solitaire are lashed to a small crane over a shark pool; Kananga slashes Bond's forearm several times, drawing blood to bait the sharks. Using his magnetic watch, Bond retrieves a gas pellet from his shark gun and cuts the ropes holding him. After a brief fight with Kananga, he forces the gas pellet in Kananga's mouth, rapidly inflating the villain who floats to the top of the room and explodes. After the job is done, Felix leaves Bond and Solitaire on a train out of the country. Tee Hee makes a last attempt on Bond's life and is ejected from their train compartment at high speed. However Baron Samedi is seen perched on the nose of the speeding train in his voodoo ensemble and laughing heartily.
tt0090264
Action,Adventure,Thriller
James Bond (Roger Moore) is sent to Siberia to locate the body of 003 and to recover a microchip. Upon doing so, he is ambushed by Soviet troops but flees in a submarine built to resemble an iceberg. After Bond returns to England a week later, Q (Desmond Llewelyn) has the microchip analysed and informs M (Robert Brown), Bond and the Minister of Defense that its design is an exact match of a microchip made by Zorin Industries. The retrieved microchip is also designed to withstand the damage caused to other chips by the electromagnetic pulse of a nuclear explosion. Bond and his superiors visit the Ascot Racecourse to observe the company's founder and CEO, Max Zorin (Christopher Walken). While at the track, Zorin's horse Pegasus miraculously pulls ahead to win the race. Later, Pegasus throws a fit and it takes some effort to get him under control -- the person who regains Pegasus' control is a mysterious woman named May Day (Grace Jones). Sir Godfrey Tibbett (Patrick Macnee), an MI6 agent who works as a horse trainer, believes Zorin's horse was given drugs, although when screened by officials prior to the race, it did not show any drugs in its bloodstream. Through Tibbett, Bond meets a French private detective named Achille Aubergine (Jean Rougerie) at the restaurant on the Eiffel Tower to discuss how the horse may have won. Aubergine informs Bond that Zorin is holding an annual horse sale later in the month. Moments later, Aubergine is assassinated by May Day (Grace Jones). Bond chases her to an upper level of the tower but she parachutes off before he can catch her. Bond rides the top of an elevator to the bottom, steals a Renault taxi and chases her through the city but is unable to apprehend her. A boat driven by Zorin later picks her up on the Seine and Bond is arrested. Bond and Tibbett travel to Chantilly, France where Bond poses as James St. John Smythe (pronounced "sin-jin-smythe"), a rich dilettante who recently inherited horses, with Tibbett posing as his valet. During a reception party, they meet Zorin's head of security, Scarpine (Patrick Bauchau), and Dr Mortner (Willoughby Gray), a horse vet who specializes in selective breeding to produce Zorin's prize animals. Bond also meets an American named Stacey Sutton (Tanya Roberts). Bond thinks the woman "bares closer inspection," but Tibbett reminds him of their primary mission. He sees her enter Zorin's office where they have a quick meeting. When Bond tries to talk briefly with her, she's whisked away by Mayday at Zorin's orders. He later sneaks into Zorin's office and finds a check written to Sutton for a large sum of money. Later, Tibbett follows Dr Mortner who leads Pegasus into Zorin's stables. When Tibbett sneaks up behind, he sees that Mortner & the horse have disappeared. Tibbet is found by Bond, who has discovered a secret lab below the stables. There they discover Mortner's secret work: Zorin plants microchips in his horses, programmed to release a steroid when prompted by a hidden radio transmitter snuck into the tip of the jockey's whip (or a cane, as Bond remembers from Ascot). Bond and Tibbet also discover a packing room for a large stash of the same microchips that Bond obtained in the Arctic. The two are attacked by a pair of Zorin's thugs. Bond defeats them both and retreats to May Day's room. He asks May Day to join him in bed and she does so with Zorin's amused permission -- despite hers and Zorin's romantic relationship. Their intrusion is discovered and Zorin asks Bond to report to his study, where he'll aid St. John Smythe in selecting a stud horse for the stables he supposedly inherited. During their meeting, Zorin uses a hidden camera and database to find a match for pictures he takes of Bond; Zorin discovers Bond's real identity. He invites Bond to race with him steeplechase-style. In an effort to get rid of Bond, Zorin provides Bond with an ill-tempered horse. The course is laid with booby-trapped obstacles and Zorin's goons who attack Bond. When Bond overtakes Zorin, Zorin activates a device that causes the horse to go wild. Bond escapes the track and sees his limousine, boarding it. However, Tibbett has been killed by May Day, who is driving the car. She and Zorin attempt to drown Bond in a nearby pond but the plan fails. Later, General Gogol (Walter Gotell) from the Soviet Union visits Zorin's estate with several other KGB agents. Zorin, it is revealed, has been in the employ of the KGB and is admonished by Gogol for his public image and attention-garnering business ventures and for eliminating Bond without authorization. The short-tempered Zorin replies by saying he no longer sees the need to continue doing business with the KGB. When Gogol's assistant chides Zorin for being a "physiological freak" Mayday grabs the man and throws him. Gogol gravely warns Zorin "no one leaves the KGB," but grudgingly leaves when Zorin's men pull guns on him. Later, in an airship over San Francisco, Zorin unveils to a group of investors his new criminal scheme to destroy Silicon Valley in an operation he dubs "Main Strike", which if implemented will gain them a monopoly in the microchip market. For involvement in the plan, Zorin demands $100 million from each participant in addition to a contract promising half of their net income through marketing deals. One man refuses and is dropped out of the airship by May Day, landing in San Francisco Bay. Meeting in San Francisco with his CIA contact, Bond learns that Zorin is a psychopath, the product of Nazi medical experimentation during World War II by Mortner, who is revealed to be a former Nazi doctor named Dr. Hans Glaub. Glaub had supposedly experimented on pregnant women in concentration camps in an effort to create highly intelligent superhumans. Bond assumes the identity of a reporter for the London Financial Times to continue his investigation. Bond learns from a local crab fisherman that a prolific crab patch has vanished near one of Zorin's oil pumping stations. Bond also learns from the mayor that Zorin has been testing his oil lines for leaks with seawater, an explanation for the disappearing crab stock. 007 spies on an oil rig owned by Zorin. He catches KGB agent Pola Ivanova trying to blow up the rig, while recording Zorin announcing his plans -- Ivanova's accomplice is tossed into the feeder pipe where he's shredded by a powerful directional propeller. Back in San Francisco, Bond and Ivanova enjoy a romantic tryst in a Chinese hot tub house. Ivanova tries to leave with her cassette recording of Zorin, however Bond has switched the tape and finds out Zorin's plan will take place in a few days. Bond meets Stacey again, and he learns that her grandfather's oil company had been taken over by Zorin. The two team up to steal documents about his plan from the San Francisco City Hall. Zorin arrives, holding them hostage, and then forces the San Francisco mayor to call the police. He kills the mayor with Bond's sidearm and sets the building on fire in order to frame Bond for the murder. Bond and Sutton escape from the fire but when the police try to arrest Bond, they escape in a fire engine. A chase ensues, during which several SFPD cruisers are wrecked. Bond and Sutton then manage to shake the police off completely when the police captain leading the chase orders a bridge operator to open the Third Street Drawbridge. Bond and Sutton's fire truck makes it across just as the bridge gates close to stop traffic and the bridge begins to rise. The police cars are unable to stop in time and pile up at the bottom of the bridge. The senior officer is berating his underlings for wrecking their cruisers in the chase when his own car is crushed by the bridge's counterweight. The next day, Bond and Sutton infiltrate Zorin's mine near Silicon Valley, discovering his plot to detonate explosives beneath the lakes along the Hayward Fault and the San Andreas Fault causing them to simultaneously flood, submerging Silicon Valley. The resulting disaster will make Zorin the sole manufacturer of microchips in the world. A bomb is also on site in the mine to detonate a large powder key, destroying a "geological lock" that is in place to prevent the two faults from moving at the same time. Once destroyed, it would supposedly cause a double earthquake. Zorin and Scarpine flood the mines, nearly killing Bond and May Day and mercilessly kill all of the mine workers as they attempt to flee. Stacey manages to escape. Because she was betrayed, May Day helps Bond remove the larger bomb that would destroy the lock. They put the bomb on a handcar and push it out of the mine along a railroad line. May Day stays on the car to hold the faulty brake lever, sacrificing her own life as the bomb explodes outside, away from the lock. Sutton is quickly captured by a devastated Zorin, who is escaping via airship with Scarpine and Mortner. Bond grabs hold of the front mooring rope as the airship ascends. Zorin tries to kill Bond by flying him into the Golden Gate Bridge, but Bond manages to moor the airship to the bridge framework, stopping it from moving. Stacey attacks Zorin and in the ensuing fracas, Mortner and Scarpine are temporarily knocked out. Stacey flees onto the bridge and joins with Bond, but Zorin comes after them with an axe and engages in a fierce battle with Bond. Bond gains the upper hand and sends Zorin plummeting off the bridge to his death. An enraged Mortner attempts to kill Bond with a bundle of dynamite, but Bond cuts the mooring rope, causing Mortner to drop the dynamite into the cabin. Seconds later, the dynamite explodes and destroys the airship, killing Mortner and Scarpine. In the aftermath, Bond is ironically awarded the Order of Lenin by General Gogol. Q, inside a special van in California, uses his fake-dog surveillance camera (the "Snooper") to locate 007. He safely finds him making love to Stacey in her shower.
tt0093177
Horror,Thriller
Somewhere in North Africa, Frank Cotton (Sean Chapman) purchases an antique puzzle box from a dealer. Back at his house in England, Frank solves the puzzle box and hooked chains immediately fly out of the box and tear into his flesh. Demons called Cenobites from another realm appear to inspect Frank's remains. Their leader, Pinhead (Doug Bradley), searches among the shreds of flesh and blood and reassembles the pieces of Frank's face. He finds the mysterious box and twists it back into its original state, and the room appears empty as if nothing ever happened. Frank's brother Larry Cotton (Andrew Robinson) soon moves into Frank's abandoned house with his second wife, Julia Cotton (Clare Higgins), who previously had a secret affair with Frank. The house is a mess, leftover food rots in the kitchen & they both assume that Frank is off on one of his notorious adventures. Larry's teenage daughter Kirsty Cotton (Ashley Laurence) chooses not to live with her step-mother and moves into her own place. After cutting his hand on a nail (while moving a mattress), Larry goes upstairs to the room where Julia is, the same room where Frank was killed. Larry's blood falls on the floor & mysteriously disappears through the floorboards as they leave the attic, Frank's minimal remains have been hidden under the floorboards. Julia takes Larry to the ER to have his hand stitched. Frank uses Larry's blood as nourishment to partially regenerate his body. Down below the floorboards, Frank's body bursts out and emits a sustained shriek of pain and his body begins to regenerate. Later, Julia finds Frank (Oliver Smith -- plays Frank as a monster) alone in the room, his body only partially regenerated and grotesque. She's repulsed by his appearance but Frank convinces Julia to help restore him to his full physical form, reminding her that while she was his secret lover and she promised to do anything for him. Julia succumbs to Frank's entreaties and agrees to help him by seducing men and luring them up to the empty attic where Frank hides. After having Julia incapacitate them, Frank is able to move in and drain them of their blood, which allows him to further regenerate his body. Frank tells Julia about the puzzle box and explains that by reclaiming his body he has broken his deal with the Cenobites. He wants to fully restore himself and then run off with Julia before the Cenobites can track him down. Kirsty, already suspicious of Julia, eventually sees Julia bringing a strange man home and sneaks into the house to investigate. In the attic Julia beats the man, allowing Frank to feast on his body. Kirsty approaches the attic unaware of what's happening within. Suddenly, the bloody man stumbles out of the attic, soon followed by the skinless Frank who confronts Kirsty. Before Frank can grab her, Kirsty picks up the puzzle box as a weapon. When she realizes it holds value for Frank, she throws it out the window and escapes from the house, picking up the box as she runs down the street. A disoriented Kirsty awakens in the hospital where she tells herself it all was a terrible dream, until the doctors hand her the puzzle box. Kirsty begins to play with the puzzle box and inadvertently solves it. The walls of her hospital room open a dimensional door with a long tunnel behind it. A large, hideous monster begins to chase her and she escapes; when she looks back at the wall, it's sealed up, though she can hear the beast's roaring behind it. Suddenly, the walls of the room begin to change again and the Cenobites appear. Their leader, Pinhead, tells Kirsty that she has summoned them, and therefore they must take her to their world of pleasure, pain and suffering. She then begs them to spare her, offering to lead them to Frank in exchange for her freedom. Kirsty escapes the hospital and races to her father's home to warn him about Frank. Larry informs Kirsty that Frank has been taken care of, and Julia shows Kirsty a bloody body in the attic. The Cenobites reappear, demanding the man responsible for this death. Kirsty believes they want her father and she runs to warn him. However, she soon realizes that Frank has murdered her father and stolen his skin and worn it like a suit to fool Kirsty into believing that he was her father. Frank comes after Kirsty, accidentally stabbing Julia in the process. Frank then drains Julia of her blood, further nourishing himself. He then goes to the attic where Kirsty is hiding. Kirsty weeps and accuses Frank of murdering her father. Frank reveals to Kirsty that her father was already "dead inside" anyway. Having heard Frank's confession, the Cenobites appear. Frank tries to kill Kirsty for setting him up, but dozens of hooked chains grab him and tear him apart, his last words are "Jesus wept." Kirsty runs through the house, eager to escape, but the Cenobites want to take her as well. Kirsty finds the puzzle box clutched in the hands of Julia's chained corpse on a mattress. One by one she banishes the Cenobites back to their realm by reversing the solution to the puzzle box. Afterward, Kirsty tries to burn the box in a fire outdoors, but the strange vagrant appears and picks it out of the flames. As the man is consumed by the flames he transforms into a winged, skeletal creature that flies away into the night. In the final scene, the box is shown in the hands of the merchant who originally sold it to Frank, asking another prospective customer, "What's your pleasure, sir?"
tt0185937
Horror,Mystery
Three film students go to Burkittsville, Maryland to make a documentary on the Blair Witch legend. The director is Heather Donahue (Heather Donahue), her main cameraman is Joshua Leonard (Joshua Leonard) and Michael Williams (Michael C. Williams) is the sound crew. The three go missing, but a year later their footage is found in a bag inexplicably buried under an abandoned 100-year-old house. According to legend, the Blair Witch is the ghost of Elly Kedward of the late 1700s, whom several children accused of luring them into her home to draw blood from them. Kedward is found guilty of witchcraft, banished from the village during a particularly harsh winter, and presumed dead. By midwinter, all of Kedward's accusers, along with half of the town's children, vanish. Fearing a curse, the townspeople flee Blair and vow never to utter Elly Kedward's name again. In 1825, 11 witnesses testify to seeing a pale woman's hand reach up and pull ten-year-old Eileen Treacle into Tappy East Creek. Her body is never recovered, and for thirteen days after the drowning the creek is clogged with oily bundles of sticks. In 1886, eight-year-old Robin Weaver is reported missing and search parties are dispatched. Although Weaver returns, one of the search parties does not. Their bodies are found weeks later at Coffin Rock tied together at the arms and legs and disemboweled. In 1941, starting with Emily Hollands, a total of seven children are abducted from the area surrounding Burkittsville. A hermit named Rustin Parr walks into a local market and tells the people there that he is "finally finished." After the police hike for four hours to his secluded house in the woods, they find the bodies of seven missing children in the cellar. Each child has been ritualistically murdered and disemboweled. Parr admits to everything in detail, telling authorities that he did it for "an old woman ghost" who occupied the woods near his house. He is quickly convicted and hanged. The three filmmakers interview the "country bumpkin" types of Burkittsville, who seem equally enjoying being on camera and mystified as to why they'd want to make this film. Heather interviews Mary Brown (Patricia DeCou), an elderly and quite insane woman who has lived in the area all her life who claims to have seen the Blair Witch one day near Tappy Creek in the form of a hairy, half-human, half-animal beast. Two anglers tell Heather that Coffin Rock is less than 20 minutes from town, and the three decide to make the woods of the Blair Witch the centerpiece of their film. After enjoying a drunken night at their motel, Heather, Josh, and Mike park and go into the woods with a map of the logging trail. After hiking a few miles into woods that seem far larger than they'd appeared from the outside, they film the creek where the Coffin Rock massacre occurred. Satisfied with their footage, the three set up their tent when it starts to rain. They remain in high spirits through the night, despite Mike's flatulence. The next morning, Joshua claims he heard strange noises during the night, one of them he's determined was cackling. Consulting their map, the team decide to press on further into the woods in search of an old graveyard, but Josh and Mike are a little concerned about the accuracy of Heather's map reading, having gotten them a bit lost the previous day. They set off, still in high spirits, kidding with each other and generally enjoying their weekend. While Heather remains confident that they are on the right trail and that they will reach the graveyard in an hour and a half, it soon becomes clear that they are in fact lost, and tensions begin to mount, both men resenting that Heather continues to film while they're lost. They press on, braving an arduous river crossing over a log bridge. They soon come across a clearing where they find strange piles of rocks neatly stacked on the ground. Heather recalls something that Mary Brown had said about a pile of rocks in the Bible, but can't remember exactly what it is. They find seven piles of stones in all. That night, they build a fire and cook food, some of the tensions having dissipated a little. During the night, Heather takes them back to the rocks to film more footage, and one of them knocks over a pile of rocks. Later still, the trio hears strange noises from the woods and they set off to investigate. Something is clearly moving around them, but Mike refuses to leave the tent to help look for it. Next morning, it's raining harder than ever and the trio discuss the events of the night before. Josh suggests that the noises were caused by local rednecks and Mike agrees, worrying that if someone was prepared to come this far out into the woods just to spook them, they must be seriously disturbed. The group decides to head back for the car, Heather continuing to insist that she knows where they're going. As the day progresses and they fail to find their way back to the car, tensions again start to run high and, as the day turns into evening, Heather suggests that they camp for the night. Mike is starting to get increasingly stressed by their predicament, though Heather maintains that they aren't far from where they left the car. That night, they are again disturbed by strange noises around them in the dark. They again go outside to see what's causing it, and hear what seems to be trees being knocked over and other strange sounds. Josh suggests that it's probably deer, but Heather isn't so sure, noting that "it's on all sides of us" and that the sounds are like footsteps. Next morning, they find three piles of rocks that have mysteriously appeared overnight surrounding their tent. Heather films them, to the dismay of Mike and Josh, who just want to get home. But things are about to get worse: The map has disappeared. While it had been in Heather's trousers the night before, it's gone now, and the two men deny having seen it. They are now completely lost and have no way of finding their way back to the car. Josh implies that Heather has deliberately lost or hidden it to keep them all in the woods to complete her movies. Unwilling to give up, the trio follow the creek, hoping that it will eventually lead them somewhere. Josh reasons that someone will start looking for them when they don't return. They come to a river which again proves difficult to cross, and already-frayed tempers are stretched almost to the breaking point, with Mike now behaving even less rationally than ever. Heather is angry that the men are laughing at her when her shoes become waterlogged, and a near-hysterical Mike admits that he threw the map into the creek as he felt it was useless. Mike and Josh nearly come to blows and Heather screams abuse at Mike, becoming even more hysterical than him. The relationship between the three is now completely broken down, and they waste time arguing over who is going to hold the compass and apportioning blame. Eventually, after continuing south for a while, Mike and Josh simply stop and refuse to go any further. But in a nearby clearing, Mike finds strange stick figures hanging from trees, dozens of them, some in the shapes of strange runic symbols, others clearly meant to represent human forms. Heather films the totems for a while before Mike and Josh demand that they leave the area. Mike screams hysterically for help, reasoning that rednecks have followed them and fashioned the figures. That night, they decide not to light a fire and to extinguish all lights in the hope that it won't give away their position and hence won't attract attention, yet they are again all woken by strange sounds, including what appears to a baby screaming. As they are listening, their tent starts shaking. All three flee into the night, still filming everything as they go; they spend the rest of the night cowering together in the darkness. At daybreak they return to the tent, where Josh finds that all of his belongings have been scattered around the clearing and are covered with a strange, slimy substance. They also find another of the wooden stick figures fashioned from twigs and vines. Finally sickened by her insistent filming of everything, Mike attacks Heather and tries to get her precious video camera away from her. They again press on and Josh seems to be on the verge of losing it, becoming moody and depressed, wandering off to sit on his own. Mike and Heather forge an uncomfortable alliance, trying to hold the group together. Mike argues that whatever is stalking them will return and that they must keep moving, while Heather maintains that it's simply impossible for someone to simply vanish "in America". Later, they come to a river and, panic-stricken, realize that it's the same river they struggled across the previous day, i.e., they've been going around in circles. Mike rushes off ranting angrily while Heather collapses in tears. They're now desperate and have no idea where they should go; they've been heading south all day and they've simply ended up where they started from and Heather has no explanation for it. Josh's anger and frustration finally boils over and, turning the camera on Heather, taunts her about her ambition and obsession that has led to them being lost, cold, and hungry. Mike tries to calm things down, but Josh persists and torments Heather until she again breaks down in tears. Night falls again and they are forced to sleep in pretty much the same place as they slept the night before. They're now too tired and emotional to fight any more, and as they discuss the food they miss the most, Heather repairs a hole in Mike's jeans. Next morning, Heather and Mike wake to find that Josh has vanished. They search the area around the campsite, but there's no sign of him. Mike believes that Josh has simply gone off for some time alone, but even after they've packed up and broken down the tent, there's no sign of him. Totally demoralized and very disturbed, Heather and Mike move on, trying to keep each others spirits up. Night again falls and they again wake to strange noises in the woods, including what seem to be Josh's agonized screams. They stumble around in the dark looking for him, but there's no sign of him and it's impossible to tell which direction the screaming is coming from. At daybreak, Heather finds a strange bundle of sticks held together with twine on the ground outside the tent, which she nervously picks up and tosses away. Heather and Mike are now just too exhausted to move on, and spend the rest of the morning comforting each other. Later, Heather finds another of the bundles of twigs, this time with something inside. She opens it and finds a piece of the fabric from Josh's shirt wrapped around hair, an unidentifiable piece of viscera, and what appears to be teeth, all bloodied. Heather breaks into hysterics, rushes to the nearby stream and washes her hands before putting on her pack and joining Mike on another fruitless hike through the woods. Their meanderings are becoming ever more random and directionless as their mental states rapidly collapse. Mike is even driven to eating dry leaves to help alleviate his hunger. That night, Heather videotapes a confessional, apologizing to her mother and to Mike and Josh's parents for her naivety and accepting full blame for what has happened on the ill-fated expedition. She realizes that her dogmatism and pig-headedness are what has led them to where they are. Later in the dead of night, they again hear Josh's voice, closer this time, pleading for someone to help him, and they abandon the tent to go in search of him. Following Josh's voice, Heather and Mike find a derelict house in a clearing and go inside, where they see runic symbols on the wall next to child-sized hand prints. Josh's voice seems to be coming from somewhere inside the house, and Mike rushes upstairs in search of Josh. Mike then realizes that the voice is now in fact coming from the basement, and rushes down the steps. Suddenly, Mike is rendered silent and the camera falls. A hysterical Heather follows and sees Mike in the corner of the room, face against the wall. Suddenly Heather's camera is knocked down and she too is rendered silent. The film runs for a few seconds. then dies.
tt0190332
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
&#12298;&#33253;&#34382;&#34255;&#40845;&#12299; Set in a distant time in China, the movie tells the story of Master Li Mu Bai (Yun-Fat Chow), an accomplished swordsman and martial artist. His sword, the Green Destiny, is renowned for its grace and superiority in a fight. However, Mu Bai wishes to leave the ways of the warrior behind him and asks his friend, Yu Shu Lien (Michelle Yeoh) to take the sword and present it as a gift to their friend, Sir Te (Sihung Lung). Mu Bai explains that the sword holds too many memories of the past and he wishes to retire in peace. Shu Lien is a skilled warrior like Mu Bai and harbors feelings for him which he reciprocates, but does not act on due to the fact that Shu Lien was widowed by Mu Bai's best friend. At his estate, Sir Te accepts the grand gift and places it in a decorative case. Shu Lien also meets Jen (Ziyi Zhang), the daughter of a Manchurian governor, who is set for an arranged marriage. Despite her upbringing, Jen is inquisitive and seems envious of Shu Lien's status as a free warrior. That night, a thief dressed in black sneaks into Sir Te's study and steals the Green Destiny. An alarm is raised and the thief is chased over rooftops, pursued by Shu Lien, both of them demonstrating high skill in Wudang technique. The two engage in combat but the thief manages to escape. Shu Lien has her suspicions about who the thief may have been and tells Mu Bai about the theft when he arrives at Sir Te's estate. Surprised at his arrival, Shu Lien is nonetheless grateful to his help. It is implied that Mu Bai's intentions were to be close to Shu Lien. With the help of Bo (Xian Gao), Sir Te's servant, Mu Bai and Shu Lien silently investigate the theft and discover that it originated within Governor Yu's (Fa Zeng Li) compound and that none other than the infamous bandit, Jade Fox (Pei-Pei Cheng), is hiding out there. Mu Bai knows Fox well; she was the lover of his master who sought to learn Wudang from him. When he refused to teach her because of her status as a woman, she killed him and fled. Bo meets an undercover policeman (De Ming Wang) and his daughter, May (Li Li), who have been tracking Jade Fox. Inspector Tsai explains that his wife was murdered by Fox who now hides in plain sight as Jen Yu's governess. While the three of them are conversing during the day, May and her father sharpening their weapons, a dart is shot into their quarters with a message attached to it. Jade Fox challenges them to a showdown that night. That night, they hide in the shadows of a courtyard, weapons ready, until they see a hobbling old woman crossing the courtyard. They command that she reveal herself and Jade Fox stands straight, insulting them and brandishing her own weapons. The four fight, with Bo often getting in the way as he is not a skilled fighter. Tsai and his daughter seem on the verge of defeat when Mu Bai arrives and engages Jade Fox. His attack is diverted, however, by the thief in black. Fox addresses her as her apprentice, confident now that the battle is won. Mu Bai engages the thief alone while Tsai and the others fight Fox, three to one. The thief fights Mu Bai with his own Green Destiny, but he is impressed with her skills and energy. Tsai, meanwhile, is overpowered by Fox and is killed while Bo is paralyzed with a chi-blocking attack. May mourns the loss of her father as Fox and the thief flee. The next day, Jen is told by Shu Lien that a fight occurred the night before with Jade Fox and that an undercover policeman was killed. Jen is affected by this news and it is revealed that she is the thief in black who stole the Green Destiny. Guilt-ridden, she decides to return the sword that night but is intercepted by Mu Bai who offers to become her teacher in Wudang. Jen angrily rejects his offer and leaves. Back at the governor's compound, Jen confronts Fox about killing the policeman and banishes her from her quarters. A bandit is seen scaling the rooftops and avoiding the guards set out for the governor. He sneaks into Jen's quarters and it is immediately shown that they know each other. Lo (Chen Chang) asks Jen to come away with him to the desert and a flashback reveals how they first met. Crossing the desert in a caravan, Jen watches the unchanging landscape beside her mother, holding a white hair comb. Suddenly, the caravan is attacked by a group of bandits. Jen's mother faints while she watches. A young man on a horse, Lo, appears and snatches the comb from Jens hand. Angered, Jen leaves the safety of her coach and begins to fight the bandits. Lo, impressed with her skill and anger, leads her on horseback into the desert, baiting her with the comb. They stop for water but Jen continues to fight until she knocks Lo out and collapses from the heat. When she wakes up, she finds herself in a large cave where Lo apparently lives. He allows her to bathe herself and tells her that he will sing so she always knows where he is. As he is cooking outside, Jen hits him over the head with a pot before escaping on horseback. But the desert is vast and soon the horse dies and Jen continues on foot until she collapses. She wakes up some time later, tied up and back in the cave. Lo had tracked her down and tied her up so she couldn't hit him again. But over time, they fall in love and Lo takes her to a settlement in the mountains. They notice in the distance that Jen's family is trying to locate her and Lo convinces her to return to them, saying that he would do the same for a missing daughter. He tells her the story of a man who climbed to the top of a mountain where it was rumored that, if you made a wish and then jumped off the mountain, your wish would come true. He wished for his sick family to be well again and jumped off. His wish came true and, because his heart was pure, he didn't die. Jen and Lo share an intimate moment before she leaves, giving him her comb. Back in the present, Jen refuses to leave with Lo. Heartbroken, he gives her back her comb before leaving. It's clear she is upset as well. The next day after the wedding ceremony, Lo interrupts the convoy that is carrying Jen dressed in her wedding outfit. He shouts at her, begging her to go back to the desert with him. He escapes the guards but is cornered by Mu Bai and Shu Lien. Mu Bai thinks, at first, that Lo is with Jade Fox but Shu Lien sees his innocence and takes him with them somewhere else. Lo tells them that Jen belongs to him and Shu Lien responds that getting himself killed will be no way to show his love. He must wait and they will see what they can do. Lo reluctantly agrees. Later on, the Green Destiny is missing again, along with Jen who has apparently run away. She is seen traveling on the road dressed in unassuming clothes. When she grabs the wrist of a waitress, demanding that her cup be cleaned, she draws the attention of a couple of thugs who boast about their strength and fighting abilities. Jen displays a quick and harmless display of her skills with the Green Destiny which incites the thugs to ask if she knows Li Mu Bai. She replies that he is her defeated foe. Word spreads around the inn of Jen's shady character and many of the patrons think it would be best if she left, or they will fight her. Angered, Jen unleashes her fury on the inn leaving most of it in shambles. Mu Bai and Shu Lien arrive soon after and learn of the fight. Shu Lien takes residence at a nearby Wudang temple only to be joined soon after by Jen, who affectionately calls her sister, referencing their friendship. They talk, but issues regarding the wedding and Jen's decision to run away anger her and she begins to fight Shu Lien. The fight ends when Jen wounds Shu Lien and Mu Bai appears, yelling that Jen has no right to wield the Green Destiny. Jen escapes the temple to a bamboo forest, followed by Mu Bai. After a brief chase they stop at the edge of a small waterfall where Mu Bai is able to temporarily break Jens emotional barriers, touching her gingerly on the forehead. He expresses his wish to train her again, sensing that she is confused and stubborn. She agrees to train with him only if he can take the Green Destiny from her in less than a few moves. Mu Bai does so with ease and Jen yells her frustration. Mu Bai does not believe she needs the Green Destiny and tosses it over the falls. Jen leaps off the falls and dives after the sword. Before Mu Bai can react, Jade Fox swoops in and carries Jens unconscious body away. She takes Jen to her hideout in the hills and tells her to rest and secretly places strong, smoking herbs in a jar before leaving. Jen awakens some time later, dazed, and stumbles to a flooded portion of the cave where rainwater is falling. She drinks some of the water before noticing Mu Bai entering the cave; he has followed them. Jen stumbles into his arms and he takes her back to her bed, knocking the herb jar away. He revives her and asks where Jade Fox is. Suddenly, Fox appears, screaming, and shoots a flurry of poisonous barbs towards them. Mu Bai manages to deflect them with his sword. He engages Fox sword-to-sword and eventually shreds her blade, sending the shards through her body, mortally wounding her. In her dying breaths she calls Jen a deceitful whore and tells Mu Bai that he will die just like his master. Mu Bai finds that one of the barbs has hit his neck. Jade Fox dies as Shu Lien arrives. Jen, contrite, says that she knows the antidote to the poison, but that it will take time to prepare. She leaves and Shu Lien stays with Mu Bai as he meditates to slow the effects of the poison. However, before Jen can return, Mu Bai succumbs in Shu Liens arms, professing his love for her. Jen arrives back at the cave with the antidote but discovers she's too late. She kneels before a vengeful Shu Lien who simply tells her to meet with Lo who is waiting for her in the mountains. Jen goes and is reunited with Lo, though she is unhappy. He finds her gone one morning and discovers her looking out over the side of the mountain. She asks him if he remembers the story of the man on the mountain that he told her long ago and tells him to make a wish. He wishes to return to the desert and Jen jumps off, falling gracefully through the mist. Lo cries silently as Jen disappears, a peaceful look on her face.
tt0085549
Drama,Music,Romance
The film opens with "Flashdance... What a Feeling," which is a recurring theme throughout the entire film. During the opening credits 18-year-old Alexandra 'Alex' Owens (Jennifer Beals) rides her bicycle through Pittsburgh on her way to work as a welder at one of the city's steel mills. After work, Alex moonlights as a dancer at Mawby's Bar, which features dancers in a go-go atmosphere. Nick Hurley, one of the steel mill bosses, enters the bar as Alex performs a dance to "He's a Dream." Nick is intrigued by Alex. His friend tells him that she works for him at the mill. Richie, the bar's cook, wants to be go to Los Angeles to become a standup comedian. He tries out some of his material on Jeanie, one of the waitresses. At work the next day, Nick introduces himself to Alex, tells her he saw her dance and asks why a dancer would be working as a welder. She responds, "a girl's got to make a living." Their first meeting ends when Nick is called away to another area of the mill. Alex lives by herself in a converted warehouse loft with her pit bull, named Grunt. When she gets home from work, she channel surfs for something worth watching on TV. She stops on some ballet dancers performing to "Adagio for Strings" and attempts to copy their moves. It is Alex's dream to study at a local, prestigious school of dance, the Pittsburgh Dance and Repertory Company. She changes into exercise clothes, tapes her bare feet and feverously exercises to "Maniac." The song's lyrics reflect her passion to become a serious dancer. After her strenuous workout, she's exhausted. The next day Alex bikes to the Repertory building to obtain an application, but is discouraged when she finds several girls waiting for applications. The lady in the admissions office instructs them to list all their previous years of training. Alex leaves without an application and bikes to work. When Alex and Nick share an elevator ride at work, he asks her to lunch or dinner, but she tells him she doesn't have dinner with the boss. Later Alex visits Hanna Long, a retired professional dancer, who has become her mentor. Hanna encourages Alex to pursue her dream of becoming a professional ballet dancer, but Alex makes excuses for not auditioning for the Rep. After she leaves Hanna's, Alex bikes to a nearby church where she confesses to the priest that she thinks a lot about sex and she told a lie. Hanna was badgering Alex to get the application for the Rep, but she didn't want to make her friend unhappy by telling her that she didn't have the courage to go through with it. In the next scene Johnny C., who runs the Zanzibar strip club, and his not-too-bright bodyguard, Cecil, try to entice customers into his club. At a self service laundry, Alex notices that Jeanie is washing Richie's underwear, confirming that these two are a serious couple. Jeanie's father is giving her a hard time because Richie hasn't proposed. Jeanie has dreams of becoming a professional ice skater. Next, Alex and several of the dancers from Mawby's exercise with weights and use workout machines to "I Love Rock 'n' Roll." As Jeanie and Alex walk down the street, a group of African-American guys breakdance and moonwalk to music played on their jambox. Quite a crowd gathers to watch their demonstration. As the girls continue their walk, a policeman directs traffic. When Alex helps the traffic cop with his duties, it turns into a traffic signal dance, as an excerpt from Georges Bizet's "Carmen Suite No. 2: Garde montant" is heard. At dinner at Jeanie's parents house, Alex defends her friend's dream of becoming a professional ice skater even though her parents don't seem to have much confidence in their daughter's abilities. After dinner the two girls go to the ice rink where Jeanie showcases some of her skating skills. In the following scene Richie is backstage practicing some of his jokes waiting to go on while one of the dancers finishes her routine on stage. Alex and a couple of the other dancers are in the audience rooting for him. Jeanie stops her waitressing to listen. At first, Richie's jokes bomb. Only after he threatens to put cockroaches in the hamburgers does the audience warm up to his humor. At the end of his routine, he introduces Tina Tech, who dances to "Manhunt." Johnny C. visits Mawby's to recruit some of the dancers to work at the Zanzibar. When he stops Alex and squeezes her buttocks, she pours beer on his crotch. Later after work as Richie and Alex are walking through a parking lot, Johnny and Cecil stop them. After Cecil socks Richie in the nose, Nick breaks up a potentially violent payback. Afterwards, Alex thanks Nick for his help and bikes home. Nick follows her in his Porsche and asks her to dinner again. Once again she reiterates that it isnt a good idea to go out with her boss, so he kiddingly fires her and sets a date for the next evening. On their date, Alex and Nick first attend Jeanie's ice skating competition. Jeanie's parents and Richie are also there to watch her skate to "Gloria." Unfortunately, Jeanie falls a couple of times. Afterwards, Alex tries to cheer Jeanie up, but she is discouraged that she has spent so much time and practice towards something that now seems like a waste. Her father, who hasn't been very supportive of his daughter's dream, reassures her of his love. After the ice skating competition Nick and Alex decide to have pizza for dinner. They pick it up and take it back to her warehouse apartment. She immediately changes into a much more comfortable sloppy sweatshirt. Alex tells Nick about the time her father took her family to the symphony. At first, she was bored, but her father suggested that if she closed her eyes she could see the music. Before the evening is over, Nick and Alex end up in bed. The next day the two lovers walk on the railroad tracks as "Lady, Lady, Lady" is heard. They go inside an old building where Nick sees Alex spin like a ballet dancer. When he asks her to do it again, she says she was just fooling around. She explains that she has never studied dance; she's read books on ballet and watches ballet, but has never taken classes. Then she explains how she does what she does at Mawby's. She just feels the music, something clicks inside and she becomes somebody else. And she loves to get up there and disappear into the music. In the following scene, Alex dances an avant garde routine in white face makeup to "Imagination." The number has a lot to do with fantasies becoming reality. Nobody seems to understand Alex's dance except for one of the other dancers in the club, Heels. During the song Johnny C. asks Jeanie why she doesn't dance. She tells him she's been practicing. After he makes a suggestive remark about doing the horizontal mambo, he gives her a big tip. Alex attends a ballet performance of Claude Debussys "Prlude  lAprs-midi dun Faune (Prelude to the Afternoon of a Fawn)" at the Repertory with Hanna. When the ballet is over, Alex happens to see Nick with another woman. She is furious! Still in her concert dress, she rides her bike to his house, throws a rock through one of his windows, calls him a son of a bitch and retreats quickly. Back at the warehouse, her radiator has sprung a leak. While she is on her knees mopping up the water in her concert dress, Richie comes by to tell her goodbye; he's headed for L.A. When she asks about Jeanie, he admits he loves her, but he says he can't continue to cook hamburgers at Mawby's and pretend to be a comedian. The next day at the mill, Nick tries to pay for Alex's lunch at the lunch truck, but she is still very mad. She demands to know who the blond was that was with him the previous evening. He explains that it was his ex-wife. Since they have friends on the Arts Council, he takes her to the benefit once a year. Now Alex feels guilty that she broke his window. When they reconcile, the workers who are sitting around eating their lunch applaud. That evening Nick and Alex have dinner at a fancy restaurant. Alex, who is dressed in a tuxedo coat, eats her lobster with her fingers. During the meal, just as Alex puts her foot on Nick's crotch, his ex-wife, Katie, stops by their table. After a few catty remarks from Katie that are aimed at Alex, Alex takes her tux coat off to reveal she is only wearing a shirt bib and cuffs. Then she proudly announces that on her first date with Nick: "I fucked his brains out!" Later that evening, Nick and Alex talk about his marriage to Katie; she was high class, educated, from a good family and it made him feel like he had made it. But one day he realized that wasn't what he really wanted. So he started over and went after what he really wanted to do. Alex asks, "How did you do it?" Nick answers, "I took a deep breath and jumped." Their conversation gave Alex the renewed desire to pursue her dream, so the next day she goes to the Rep for an application. There she is reminded that auditions to the school are by invitation only. Nick sees her leave the building, so he goes inside and finds out about her getting an application. He immediately telephones a friend on the Arts Council asking for a favor. At Mawby's Halloween Party, the owner and his guests are dancing to "Romeo." During the party, Richie returns from L.A. Jeanie is very cool towards Richie and leaves the party with Johnny C. When Alex gets a letter from the Repertory, she's afraid to open it. Finally she musters enough courage and is ecstatic when she discovers she's been invited to audition. She runs to find Nick to break the news, who suggests they celebrate at dinner that evening. Later in the day, she bikes to Hanna's to tell her the good news. Hanna congratulates and encourages her. On an after dinner drive later that evening, Nick commits a faux pas: he says he called the restaurant the previous night and told them this was a special occasion. Alex immediately realizes that he knew she was going to be invited to audition before she received the letter. She makes him stop the car in the middle of a tunnel, gets out and walks away. He tries to make her understand that he just made a phone call to a friend. She, however, yells that she doesn't want his help. Afterward Alex needs to talk to a friend, so she calls Mawby's to talk to Jeanie. They inform her that Jeanie now works at the Zanzibar. Alex immediately heads for the nude club. Before she arrives, we see several of the nude or semi-nude girls performing to "Seduce Me Tonight." Once Alex enters the club, she spots Jeanie (clad in only high-heeled shoes and a G-string) dancing, and Alex literally drags her off the stage. When Johnny C. tries to stop her, Alex pushes him out of the way. Outside in the rain, Jeanie asks Alex why she came after her. Alex responds, "Because you're my friend." Later that evening, when Alex returns to her warehouse apartment, Nick and Grunt are waiting outside in the rain. When Alex didn't show up at work that day, Nick came to investigate. He accuses her of being scared to audition for the Rep and of using him as an excuse. Just before he leaves he says, "When you give up your dream, you die." The next day Alex bikes to Hanna's, but sadly discovers that her mentor had died the previous day. As Alex mourns the loss of her friend and mentor, she picks up a pair of Hanna's ballet slippers to take as a memento. During this and the following scene, "I'll Be There Where the Heart Is" is heard. Back at her apartment Alex continues to mourn; the song continues as she sits alone on the floor of her bathroom and wanders aimlessly around her warehouse apartment. Alex returns to Mawby's to pick up her stuff, then goes to confession. She tells the priest "I want it so much." The next scene is Alex's audition for the dance school before five stuffy judges. She puts on a recording of "Flashdance... What a Feeling," starts her dance, stops and starts again. During the slow beginning of the song, the judges seem completely unimpressed and maybe even bored, but when the tempo picks up the stodgy judges begin to loosen up. The lyrics are very germane to the plot. They sing about a dream that is hidden because of fear and about crying in a world made of steel. This dancer hears the music, closes her eyes and allows it to invade her body (like her father had suggested when he took her to the symphony). Then she is the music, she is the rhythm, and she dances as if her life depended on it. The song continues as Alex exits the building with a huge smile on her face. Waiting for her are Nick and Grunt. After Alex hugs Nick, he presents her with a bouquet of roses (like most ballerinas receive after a brilliant performance). When she takes out one rose to give to Nick, the scene freezes to end the film (we are left to speculate whether Alex was accepted into the dance school, but we are confident that she was). As the closing credits begin, "Flashdance... What a Feeling" continues, followed by "Manhunt," "Imagination," and "Maniac."
tt0780622
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
Dawn O'Keefe (Jess Weixler) is a teenage spokesperson for a Christian abstinence group called The Promise in some small Midwest town. She attends groups with her two friends, Alisha (Julia Garro) and Phil (Adam Wagner). One evening after giving her speech talking about the purity ring those in the group wear and what it means, she is introduced to Tobey (Hale Appleman) and finds him attractive. The four begin going out as a group, and Dawn has fantasies of marrying Tobey, although after acknowledging the attraction they agree that they cannot spend time together. One day, Dawn and Tobey and their friends meet at a local swimming lake. After swimming together, Dawn and Tobey go in to a cave to get warm and begin kissing. Dawn gets uncomfortable and tries to get them to go back. Tobey then attempts to force sex on Dawn, who panics and tries to push him off. Tobey becomes aggressive and shakes Dawn, resulting in her smacking her head on the ground. While she is recovering from disorientation, Tobey takes this as his chance to begin raping her. Dawn fights back and inadvertently bites off his penis with her vagina. Horrified, he stumbles away and she flees the scene. After a Promise meeting, she meets her classmate Ryan (Ashley Springer) at a dance; they talk, and he drops her off at her home. Dawn drops her purity ring off of a cliff and even goes back to the swimming hole, only causing her to scream in horror because a freshwater crab was crawling on Tobey's penis. She then researches the so-called myth of "vagina dentata" (teeth in her vagina) and realizes she may have it. Then, she visits a gynecologist, Dr. Godfrey (Josh Pais) in an attempt to find out what is happening to her. Finding out that she has never visited a gynecologist before, he takes advantage of her and molests her under the pretense of performing a test. Crying out in pain, she panics and her vagina bites off four of the fingers on his right hand. On her way back, she sees a police officer driving Tobey's car, who demands that she pull over to the side of the road on her bike. After, she decides to go back to visit the lake to investigate. When she gets there she sees the police bringing up Tobey's dead body. At home, Dawn's ill mother, Kim O'Keefe (Vivienne Benesch) collapses. Dawn's brutal and misogynist stepbrother, Brad (John Hensley) and his girlfriend Melanie (Nicole Swahn) ignore her and continue to have sex while she lies on the floor. Kim is taken to the hospital. Dawn goes to Ryan seeking help and the two successfully have sex. Ryan gives her a sedative and masturbates her with a vibrator. Though initially afraid she will hurt him, Dawn learns here that when she is relaxed and is consenting to the sexual activity taking place, her "teeth" do not engage. The following morning they have sex again, but mid-coitus Ryans friend calls. Ryan smugly boasts that he and the friend had bet on whether he could score with Dawn. In her anger, her vagina bites off his penis, and she leaves him to call his mother for help. Dawn goes to the hospital where she learns her mother has died, and after her stepfather, Bill (Lenny von Dohlen), attempts to throw Brad out, Brad sets his dog on Bill and mangles him. Dawn meets her stepfather and Melanie at the hospital, and after hearing Melanie explain that she heard her mother screaming but Brad told her it was not a big deal, she goes back home to seek revenge. At the hospital, Dr. Godfrey is seen going into surgery to have his four fingers re-attached to his hand, and afterwords, Ryan is also there to have his penis re-attached. Both Dr. Godfrey and Ryan refuse to give an explanation to the attending doctors about their conditions. Meanwhile, Dawn puts on make-up and goes to her stepbrother, and they engage in sex. In the middle of the act, Brad recalls when he was younger and his finger was bitten by Dawn, that it wasn't her mouth that bit him as he was molesting her. As he realizes this, Dawns vagina bites off his penis. She releases it on the ground, and Brad's dog eats it, spitting out the glans and genital piercing. Dawn leaves him to bleed to death. Dawn gets on her bicycle and cycles away from home and out of town to search for a new life for herself, but her bike tire sustains a puncture, so she begins hitchhiking to go on the run from the law. She gets a lift from a leering old man (Doyle Carter), but that evening when she reaches the next gas station and tries to get out, he locks the doors. The dirty old man licks his lips as if to ask for a sexual favor to release her; Dawn hesitates, and then looks towards the camera... and the old man... with a sinister smile...
tt0405296
Animation,Crime,Drama
In the future "seven years from now," America has lost the war on drugs. A highly addictive and debilitating illegal drug called Substance D, made from a small blue flower, has swept across the country. In response, the government develops an invasive, high-tech surveillance system and puts in place a network of informants and undercover agents. Bob Arctor (Reeves) is an undercover agent assigned to immerse himself in the drug underworld and infiltrate the drug supply chain. Arctor and his housemates, Ernie Luckman (Harrelson) and James Barris (Downey Jr.), live in a suburban tract house in a poor Anaheim, California neighborhood. They are heavy drug users, and they pass their days by taking drugs and having long, drug-inspired conversations. When Arctor is at the police station, he is code-named Fred, and hides his identity from his fellow police officers by wearing a high-tech scramble suit that changes every aspect of the wearer's appearance. Arctor's superior officer, Hank, like all other undercover officers at the station, also wears a scramble suit. While posing as a drug user, Arctor becomes addicted to Substance D, a powerful psychoactive drug which causes a dreamy state of intoxication and bizarre hallucinations; chronic users may develop a split personality, cognitive problems, and severe paranoia. Arctor befriends an attractive young woman named Donna Hawthorne (Ryder), a user of cocaine, Arctor's supplier of Substance D, and part of the drug scene. Arctor hopes to buy so much Substance D from Hawthorne that she is forced to introduce him to her supplier, but Arctor develops romantic feelings for her. However, Hawthorne refuses Arctor's sexual advances and Arctor's housemates question the true nature of their relationship. Barris implies to longtime friend and near-insane Substance D addict Charles Freck (Cochrane) that he has made advances toward Donna only to be refused, and suggests that Freck supply her with cocaine in order to attract her attention away from Arctor and convince her to lower her drug prices. Hank orders Fred to step up surveillance on the members of the Arctor household. Hank assumes Fred is one of the drug users in the Arctor household, but does not know which one, and actually orders Fred to focus the surveillance on Arctor. In the meantime, the household members are extremely paranoid that the police have bugged their home and are watching their every move. The paranoia reaches extreme levels, and Arctor seems to become wrapped up in the concern of his housemates, even forgetting that he is the undercover agent spying on his justifiably paranoid friends. Meanwhile, Arctor's housemate Barris (Downey Jr.) secretly contacts the police and tells them he suspects Hawthorne and Arctor are part of a terrorist organization. Barris unknowingly tells this to Arctor himself at the police station while Arctor is wearing his scramble suit (i.e. in his job as Fred). Due to Arctor's heavy use of Substance D, he develops cognitive problems which stop the two hemispheres of his brain from communicating with each other, and as a result he is receiving two different sets of information that are in conflict. As a result, Arctor is no longer able to distinguish between his roles as a drug user and undercover policeman, which makes him incapable of performing his job. Hank reprimands Arctor for becoming addicted to Substance D while undercover, and warns him that he will be disciplined. After Barris supplies information to the police on the terrorist organization that Hawthorne and Arctor supposedly belong to--including a recording that Hank immediately recognizes as fake, synthesized on a computer--Hank orders Barris held on charges of providing false information to the police, which he assures Barris is "merely a cover" to protect him while the information is evaluated. After Barris' arrest, Hank reveals to Fred that he has figured out, through the process of elimination, his true identity, and that his identity is indeed Arctor. Arctor is surprised to learn his own true identity and he begins to act extremely confused and disoriented. Hank then informs Arctor that the whole point of the surveillance was to catch Barris, not Arctor himself; the police suspected Barris of being involved in the Substance D ring, and they were setting him up by driving up his paranoia level until Barris cracked and tried to cover his tracks with the false info. While a disturbed Arctor begins to break down, Hank phones Donna and asks her to take Arctor to New Path, a corporation that runs a series of rehabilitation clinics. After Arctor leaves the office, Hank heads to the lockers to remove his scramble suit, and his true identity is revealed: Donna Hawthorne. At New Path, Arctor experiences the severe symptoms of Substance D withdrawal. As part of the rehabilitation program, Arctor is renamed Bruce and put through psychological reconditioning treatments. Arctor has serious brain damage from his withdrawal from Substance D. Sometime later Donna, using the name Audrey, has a conversation with another officer named Mike (seen undercover as an orderly at New Path), in which both reveal that New Path is responsible for the manufacture and distribution of Substance D. Donna/Audrey was part of a greater police operation to infiltrate New Path, and Arctor had been selected, without his knowledge or consent, to carry out the sting. It is revealed that the police had intended for Arctor to become addicted to Substance D; his well-being was sacrificed so that he might enter a rehabilitation center unnoticed as a real addict in order to find conclusive proof of New Path's crimes. They are dubious if there is still enough of Arctor left to find the evidence. To continue his rehabilitation, New Path sends Arctor to work at an isolated New Path corn farming prison. Arctor spots rows of blue flowers hidden between rows of corn. These flowers, referenced throughout the film, are the source of Substance D. As the film ends, Arctor hides one of the blue flowers in his boot, so that when he returns to the New Path clinic during Thanksgiving he can give it to his "friends" - undercover police agents.
tt1440732
Crime,Drama,History
Paris in the 1880s. Georges Duroy (Robert Pattinson) is a penniless soldier who has spent the last six months in Paris, barely making a living as an office clerk. At a club he meets an old friend, Charles Forestier (Philip Glenister), with whom he spent three years in the war in Algeria. The friend is well off and invites him to his home where he meets Mrs. Madeleine Forestier (Uma Thurman) and her friends Clotilde de Marelle (Christina Ricci) and Virginie Rousset (Kristin Scott Thomas). Mrs. Rousset's husband is an editor of the conservative newspaper La Vie Franaise and she helps him to get a job there, initially by publishing his diaries from the war in the paper. Step by step he finds ways improve his social and financial status. He uses his wit and powers of seduction to charm wealthy women, and as he goes from nothing to money all hell breaks loose and things happen and end up looking bad for him. As he goes along with what he has in mind to do, tragedy sets in when all the things that have happened with him and his friends' wives end up crashing down and he ends up in lot of sticky situations.
tt1778304
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
A video images shows a pregnant Kristi (Sprague Grayden) and Daniel (Billy Boland) are painting their nursery in anticipation of the arrival of their first son, Hunter. Kristi's sister, Katie (Katie Featherston), arrives to congratulate them and asks if she can drop off a few boxes she was left by their grandmother when she passed away. She leaves them boxes full of VHS tapes that were filmed when they were children. As she leaves, Daniel teases her about her relationship with her boyfriend Micah since they are moving in together. One Year Later. The house is a mess and Daniel is trying to document all the damage and any items that might have been stolen and goes down into the basement. While in the basement, the only thing he notices to be missing is the box of tapes that Katie left them. On a videotape image, it's Katie's birthday, and there's a party. The year is 1988 as identified by the caption on the video image. Dennis (Christopher Nicholas Smith), the camera man, is a wedding videographer and has been dating Katie and Kristi's mother, Julie (Lauren Bittner), for the last few months. He records Kristi talking to herself by a little soccer net that they have set up, and he asks Julie to bring her over so that they can sing happy birthday to Katie. Kristi continues talking to her imaginary friend, "Toby" despite the insistence of her mother to play with the other children. Dennis films a video entry from each family member. Julie shows off Katie's cake while Julie's mother tells Katie that when she was born she laughed and cried. Dennis films himself thanking Katie for being so welcoming and despite the fact that he isn't her father, he loves her very much. That night, Julie rolls a joint and Dennis decides it will be fun to record it. Despite the fact she wants to keep her kids from seeing it, Dennis convinces her to let him keep the camera on. Eventually, he convinces her that they should make a sex tape. However, at that moment an earthquake occurs and the couple runs to find the girls. Dust falls around the bedroom and outlines around the shape of something in front of the bed. It is there for a minute before the dust collapses. The outline is gone. The next morning, Dennis is going over the footage and asks Julie to confirm what he's just seen. She asks him to delete the video, but he tells her that he needs to document this because hes certain that something was there. He recruits his friend Randy, a tech expert, to help him set up cameras around the house to catch whatever is happening. That night, Dennis sets up a camera in both bedrooms to catch some paranormal activity. Kristi wakes up in the middle of the night and walks towards the cupboard, which can be heard creaking open. She starts talking about Dennis describing him as "nice". The next morning, Dennis asks her about the conversation, and she tells him that what she and Toby talk about is secret because she wants to stay safe. Dennis asks if Toby is threatening her, but she just says that she just wants to stay safe. Dennis and Randy are discussing the camera equipment when Julie interupts them and asks how they are doing. After she leaves Dennis hears a noise. Randy hears it as well so they go to check it out. They end up in front of Dennis' closet. Dennis opens it, and out jumps Julie, wearing a witch mask. Dennis freaks out and has to sit down to calm himself while Randy and Julie laugh uncontrollably. The girls are sleeping outside in a tent. Dennis checks on the girls to see how they are doing and brings them some snacks. Later Julie hears noises going on in the girls' bedroom so she assumes that the girls came back into the house. Dennis goes to check on them, but Julie then starts hearing noises from her bathroom. She starts walking towards the bathroom and the door to her bedroom starts to close slowly until it bursts open and Dennis can't find the girls in their room. They go down and try to get to the girls outside, but the door is locked. They unlock it and bring the girls inside. The next morning Dennis asks Katie, who is jumping on a trampoline, if she had snicked into the house last night. She says no. Julie's mother expresses her disapproval of Dennis to Julie, citing his lack of affluence and wealth as a major area of concern as she wants her daughter to be financially secure. She asks Julie if shell ever have another child but Julie says she's fine with two beautiful girls. Julie's mother reminds her that she always wanted to have a large family and says that she shouldn't stop until she has a son. Julie is outside with Katie, who is learning to roller blade. Randy is unloading his equipment and telling Dennis that he believes in ghosts, and that he might be missing most of the activity since it happens mostly at night. They discuss camera placement throughout the house. Dennis is showing Randy his oscillating fan idea for the camera. Dennis sets the oscillating camera up in the kitchen so that it can look into the dining room as well. That night Kristi is seen running through the hall into the dining room where she positions a chair so that she can climb onto the table. The camera moves into the kitchen, when it returns to the dining room Kristi is gone. Kristi is seen sneaking up to her parent's room where she looks in, leaves and is seen again just through the door way. She is looking at something down the hall when she snickers and runs out of frame again. She is giggling as she runs back to her room. Katie is up and asks what Kristi is doing. She replies nothing and is told to go back to bed. The next morning Julie finds Kristi in her room painting. She asks if Toby woke her up and told her to go downstairs to which Kristi replies no. Julie tells Kristi that she can tell her the truth, but Kristi tells her that Toby doesn't want her talking about it. Kristi then tells Julie to ask him herself since he's standing right next to her. Julie looks around and says she doesn't see him. Kristi replies "he's there". Randy checks out a few books on entities and demons so that he and Dennis know what they are dealing with. Randy discovers that witches covens would make deals with demons and use young girls as the vessels through which young boys would be born. The children would then be brainwashed in order to do the demon's bidding. They find a photograph of a coven from the 1930s, each with a distinct insignia of an upside down triangle within a circle. Julie wakes up for a midnight snack. She tosses the remnants into the garbage disposal but drops a spoon into the disposal unit. The light in the next room turns on by itself as Julie sticks her hand into the disposal unit and suddenly screams. The light has fallen with a crash and startled her. Everyone is woken up by the sound. Julie and Dennis tell the girls to stay upstairs and discuss what happened. Dennis asks Kristi if he can join her tea party. He sets the camera down and goes to sit down next to Kristi. She tells him not to sit there because it's Toby's spot. He apologizes and sits down across from her. Dennis asks what the last thing Toby said to her and Kristi replies "secrets". Kristi moves her cup and accidentally touches Toby and quickly apologizes. Dennis asks why she is apologizing and Kristi explains that Toby doesn't like being touched. Dennis mockingly apologizes for her, explaining that it was an accident. He leaves the camera to record more of Kristi and Toby talking. Katie returns and starts making fun of Kristi, calling her a baby. She goes into the cupboard, which Kristi says is Toby's room, and the invisible demon slams the door shut and refuses to let Katie out. Katie starts screaming, but Kristi just says, "I told you not to go in there". Julie arrives and Katie bursts out of the cupboard screaming that Kristi locked her in. Julie and Dennis decide to go out for the night and hire a babysitter to look after the girls. The babysitter plays around with them and jumps in front of the camera in the kitchen to scare Dennis before dressing up like a ghost and fooling around with the girls. After the girls are in bed, she goes downstairs to study. Someone comes downstairs with a blanket draped over themselves and stands behind the babysitter creepily. Before she turns around, the blanket collapses, empty. She is confused and brings the blanket upstairs when the invisible demon blows on her and scares her so that she stays downstairs the rest of the night. When the couple returns, the babysitter leaves immediately, obviously scared. The next morning Randy and Dennis are reviewing the tapes and see the footage of the person in the sheet, and the babysitter being blown on. They are both astonished by the footage, Randy asks if he told Julie yet. Dennis says no in fear that she'll make him take down the cameras. Randy tells him to keep filming. Kristi wakes up in the middle of the night and stands in the doorway of her parents room for a couple of hours. When she returns to her room she is seen talking to Toby and says "No, no, I don't want to talk to you anymore. I'm going to bed". Dennis goes to investigate the cupboard, he finds scribblings all over the wall. Dennis comes down stairs and sees Julie in the living room with Kristi. Julie says she is incredibly sick and that they need to take her to the hospital. Dennis and Julie take her to the hospital and Katie is left with Randy to look after her. She bullies him into playing Bloody Mary with her, and they do it twice. The second time, the demon scratches Randy across the stomach and begins overtly terrorizing them. Blurring shadows can be seen passing by the door. After Katie closes the door, the door starts to rattle. The demon starts slamming things outside the door which scares them. Randy tries to calm down Katie. Randy opens the door and sees stuff thrown in front of him, so he closes the door again and again tries to calm down Katie. Randy exits the bathroom to survey the room, to find that the demon has gone. He picks up the room and tells Katie that he won't tell her mom. When Dennis returns home, Randy packs up all his equipment and leaves because it's too much for him. Dennis is at his desk reviewing the footage Randy told him to watch of the incident. Dennis is seen looking through a book and setting aside a picture. He tells Julie about the happenings and shows her a picture from the 30's and points out the symbol that looks like the one in the girl's cupboard. Kristi and Katie are running up to their room when Katie hits an invisible wall, and stares up like she's looking at someone. Julie and Dennis are arguing downstairs. Dennis tells Julie about the rituals that witches performed. Toby grabs Katie by the hair and yanks her off the ground. Dennis tells Julie to look at the tapes but she refuses. They continue to argue until Katie comes into the room crying. She tells them that Toby attacked her. Julie is mad and tells Dennis that the experiment is over. Dennis is at his desk editing some tapes. Meanwhile the water is turned on in Julie's room as she sleeps. The sound of a door creaking open can be heard. Katie's bed sheets start moving, slowly growing in size over her until they fall down, waking her up. Things begin to move inside the room. The girls' teddy bear falls down, and Katie wakes Kristi up. Their Lite Bright turns on and is displaying the sign of the Witches Coven. Katie asks what's happening to which Kristi replies "Toby's here". More things start to move and Katie gets scared as she calls out for her mom. Kristi tells her to just ignore it. Suddenly, the cover is thrown at the camera, Katie tries to run downstairs when she is dragged across the room by an unseen force several times while she screams for Kristi to help her. Kristi screams at the demon to let her go, but it throws the bed around. Katie is dragged back into the cupboard until Kristi agrees to do what the demon asks. Katie is released and they both get into bed together. The next morning, the girls beg their mother to take them to their grandmother's house to get away from Toby. Julie is in the kitchen talking to her mom when someone knocks on the door. She goes to see who it is, when she comes back the kitchen is empty. Suddenly, all the utensils and furniture fall from the ceiling, scaring Julie out of the room. Dennis, Julie and the girls drive to Julie's mother's house. They eat apple pie when they arrive and Dennis sees Kristi fingering one of the paintings in the dining room. He tells her not to touch it because it might be expensive. As Kristi and Katie play outside, Dennis films Julie talking to her mother about what is happening. Kristi and Julie's mother play dress up, and Kristi puts on a wedding dress. When Dennis asks her who the lucky groom is, Kristi replies "Toby". This freaks Dennis and Julie out, and they put the girls to bed early. Dennis and Julie are trying to get to sleep in separate beds when around 10PM she climbs into bed with him. Dennis hears something and wakes up Julie. She tells him it's her mother and that she's usually up because she can't sleep. The sounds get louder so Julie goes to see why her mother is being so loud. When she doesn't return, Dennis goes to find her. Julie's mother appears behind him for a moment, but he doesn't notice. He searches the house but can't find anyone. As he's searching for everyone, he hears something in the cage behind him. When he looks the bird is gone. He turns around and sees a silhouette of someone through a window. He checks to see who it was but no one is there. The pictures have all been set on the floor. Behind them are several witchcraft symbols, one of which is a pentagram. He goes out to the garage and finds a group of older women standing in a circle. He freaks out, running back into the main house and locking the door behind him. The women are seen walking towards him intently. He runs around the house calling for the girls and finds Julie at the top of the stairs. Something is odd though as her expression is blank and she appears taller. He sees that she is levitating before she is thrown at him at full force and they fall down the stairs together. Julie is dead, and Dennis hears the whimpering Kristi who is in the dining room. He grabs Kristi and they run and hide in the closet for a few moments. Footsteps and the sound of slamming objects are heard outside the door. Dennis tells her that they need to find Katie. They walk through the house to find a way out but see a bonfire outside. They see Katie by the steps crying over the body of Julie. Dennis tells Kristi to stay by the wall when he goes over. Katie turns around possessed and throws him across the room, breaking both of his legs. When he starts to crawl back into view, Julie's mother walks in front of him. The demon slams him down onto the ground as he tries to rise, then grabs him by his arms and legs and breaks his spine, contorting his body into unnatural shapes before letting him go. Julie's mother holds out her hand as Katie grabs it. They head up the staircase, and Kristi cheerfully calls out, "C'mon, Toby!" Julie's mother says "Let's get ready". We hear a faint animal growling sound before the camera goes black.
tt0419887
Drama
The two main characters of the story are Amir, a well-to-do Afghan boy from the dominant Pushtun ethnic group, and Hassan, the son of Amir's father's servant Ali, who belongs to the historically downtrodden Hazara minority. The boys spend their days in a peaceful Kabul, kite fighting, roaming the streets and being boys. Amir's father, Baba, loves both the boys, but seems often to favor Hassan for being more manly. He is critical of Amir. Amir's mother died in childbirth, and Amir fears his father blames him for his mother's death. However, he has a kind father figure in the form of Rahim Khan, Baba's friend, who understands Amir better, and is supportive of his interest in writing stories. A notoriously violent older boy with Nazi sympathies, Assef, blames Amir for socializing with a Hazara, who he claims is an inferior race that should only live in Hazarajat. He prepares to attack Amir, but Hassan bravely stands up to him, threatening to shoot Assef in the eye with his slingshot. Assef and his henchmen back off, but Assef says he will take revenge. Hassan is a "kite runner" for Amir: he runs to fetch kites Amir has defeated by cutting their strings. He knows where such a kite will land without even seeing it. One triumphant day, Amir wins the local tournament, and finally Baba's praise. Hassan goes to run the last cut kite (a great trophy) for Amir, saying "For you, a thousand times over." Unfortunately, Hassan runs into Assef and his two henchmen. Hassan refuses to give up Amir's kite, so Assef exacts his revenge, assaulting and anally raping him. Wondering why Hassan is taking so long, Amir searches for Hassan and hides when he hears Assef's voice. He witnesses what happens to Hassan but is too scared to help him. Afterwards, for some time Hassan and Amir keep a distance from each other. When Hassan wants to pick up their friendship again, Amir holds it off. When people ask what is the matter, Amir reacts indifferently. He feels ashamed, and is frustrated by Hassan's saint-like behavior. Amir worries that Baba loves Hassan more, and would love him even more if he knew what happened to Hassan and about Amir's cowardly inaction. To force Hassan to leave, Amir frames him as a thief, and Hassan falsely confesses. Baba forgives him, despite the fact that, as he explained earlier, he believes that "there is no act more wretched than stealing". Hassan and his father Ali, to Baba's extreme sorrow, leave anyway. Hassan's departure frees Amir of the daily reminder of his cowardice and betrayal, but he still lives in their shadow. A short while later, the Soviets invade Afghanistan. Amir and Baba escape to Peshawar, Pakistan and then to Fremont, California, where Amir and Baba (who lived in luxury in an expensive mansion in Afghanistan) settle in a run-down apartment and Baba begins work at a gas station. Amir eventually takes classes at a local community college to develop his writing skills. Every Sunday, Baba and Amir make extra money selling used goods at a flea market in San Jose. There, Amir meets Soraya Taheri and her family; Soraya's father is contemptuous of Amir's literary aspiration. Baba has lung cancer but is still able to do Amir a great favor: he asks Soraya's father to grant permission for Amir to marry her. He agrees and the two marry. Shortly thereafter Baba dies. Amir and Soraya learn that they cannot have children. Amir embarks on a successful career as a novelist. Fifteen years after they said goodbye, Amir receives a call from Rahim Khan, now dying from an illness, who asks him to come to Pakistan. He enigmatically tells Amir "there is a way to be good again". Amir goes. From Rahim Khan, Amir learns the fates of Ali and Hassan. Ali was killed by a land mine. Hassan had a wife and a son, named Sohrab, and had returned to Baba's house as a caretaker at Rahim Khan's request. One day the Taliban ordered him to give it up and leave, but he refused, and was murdered, along with his wife. And the secret truth about Hassan is that Ali was not his father. Hassan is the son of Baba, and thus Amir's half-brother. Finally, Rahim Khan reveals that the true reason he has called Amir to Pakistan is to go to Kabul to rescue Hassan's son, Sohrab, from an orphanage. Amir returns to Taliban-controlled Kabul with a guide, Farid, and searches for Sohrab at the orphanage. However, he does not find Sohrab there. The director of the orphanage tells them that a Taliban official has recently taken the boy. He tells Amir to go to a football match and look for aTaliban official making speeches; this will be the man who took Sohrab. Amir goes and secures an appointment with him at his home. There he finds out that the Taliban official is actually his childhood nemesis Assef. Sohrab is made to dance dressed in women's clothes, and it seems Assef might have been sexually assaulting him (Sohrab later says: "I'm so dirty and full of sin. The bad man and the other two did things to me"). Assef agrees to relinquish him, but only if Amir can beat him in a fight to death, with Sohrab as the prize. Assef brutally beats Amir, but Amir is saved when Sohrab uses his slingshot to shoot out Assef's left eye, fulfilling the threat his father had made years before. Amir tells Sohrab of his plans to take him back to America and possibly adopt him, and promises that he will never be sent to an orphanage again. Sohrab is emotionally damaged and refuses to speak. This continues on for about a year until his frozen emotions are temporarily thawed when Amir reminisces about his father, Hassan, while kite flying. Amir shows off some of Hassan's tricks, and Sohrab begins to interact with Amir again. In the end Sohrab only shows a lopsided smile, but Amir takes to it with all his heart as he runs the kite for Sohrab, saying, "For you, a thousand times over." This is an echo of the last words spoken to Amir by Hassan before the rape, and signifies the sense of atonement that permeates the novel.
tt0452694
Drama,Fantasy,Romance
The movie opens with a woman singing while driving with her young son in the backseat. It's dark and snowing out, and it's Christmas Eve. The young boy in the backseat is five years old, and tells his mother that she has a beautiful voice. It's pretty clear that the boy (Henry) and his mother love each other very much. Suddenly, a car in front of them skids out of control, which sends young Henry and his mother's car spinning out of control. Henry freaks out, and suddenly starts to disappear. The mother is staring at him in disbelief and in the windshield we can see a truck about to slam into their car head on. Young Henry is now naked and standing in his house, watching himself, his mother, and his father read a book on the couch together. Henry is scared and has no idea what is going on. A second later, he disappears again and is back at the scene of the car accident, standing naked on the side of the road. Suddenly, a man appears, puts a blanket around him and explains the situation. The man says that he is Henry as an adult, and they are time travelers. His mother was killed in the accident. He is too young to understand what is going on now, but he will one day. The older Henry disappears. We then see the older Henry appear naked in the library he works at. He gets up, puts his clothes on, grabs some books and brings them to a patron at the library. The patron says "that took long enough" to which Henry replies, "you have no idea". We then see the day to day going on in Henry's life: He is a time traveler. He has some type of supernatural power where he physically travels through time. He has no control over his power or when or why he travels. He drinks a lot and is living a pretty messy life. When he travels, he is naked since nothing dead travels with him. When he arrives at the time he is currently living, he must pick locks, and steal clothes and money just to survive. His father is withdrawn and was once a violinist at the Chicago Symphony, but can no longer play because of his drinking. Both Henry and his father have clearly never gotten over the death of Henry's mother and have taken to alcoholism. Back at the library, Claire Abshire (Rachel McAdams) is looking for a book. The librarian says to her: "Perhaps Mr. DeTamble can help you". Claire is in disbelief. She looks at Henry and says "it's you!". It's very obvious Henry has never seen her before in his life, but they agree to meet at a local restaurant. At the restaurant, Claire tells Henry about how she has known him all her life, that he has visited her since she was a little girl. She says that he visited her a lot, but she has never seen him this young (Henry is about 28 years old at this current time). He explains that certain places he visits a lot because big events pull him in, like gravity. Claire says "I was a big event". Back at his apartment, she pretty much throws himself at him. As they are kissing on the couch, Henry wants to know how they first met. Flashback to Claire at age 6, at the meadow at her parents' house. Henry is about 35 years old, naked in the woods, and asking to borrow her blanket so he can cover himself. He explains to a very young Claire that he is a time traveler, and that he knows her in the future when she is older. She doesn't believe him until he disappears before her eyes. Before he goes, he tells her that he will be back next Tuesday, and she should bring clothes for him. From this point on, Claire always leaves clothes for Henry in the woods. Back in present day, you see their relationship unfold. Henry loves Claire, and Claire is happy to be with Henry, but she only had known the older, more put together Henry from her childhood, and this Henry is 28 years old and has his faults. But they love each other. He meets her friends Charisse and Gomez. Gomez learns that Henry is a time traveler by witnessing it firsthand. He thinks Claire should walk away from the relationship, but Claire can't because as she states, "She has been in love with him her whole life". Henry travels back to a time before his mom died and runs into her on the subway. He speaks with her, and says that he is a huge fan of her singing, and that he wishes his girlfriend could hear her sing. They make small talk; she says she has a three-year-old son named Henry. Before he gets off the train, she tells him to make sure his girlfriend knows he loves her. He then tells her, "your son loves you very much". She says, "I know". Henry proposes to Claire using his mother's engagement ring. Henry meets Claire's family before the wedding, and learns that her father is a hunter. At the wedding, Gomez is the best man. Before the wedding, Henry disappears, leaving Gomez frantic as to what to do since there is no groom. Suddenly, a much older Henry arrives and puts on the tux. At the altar, Claire is surprised to see that she is marrying a future version of Henry, but they laugh it off. At the reception, present-day Henry arrives in time for their first dance. He asks Claire if she is disappointed that she is not married to future Henry, and she points out that she is married to him, he's just not here yet. That night, as the new bride and groom are jumping on the bed, Henry disappears again. He arrives at the meadow with a very young Claire who asks him if he is married. Henry doesn't like to tell people about their future, so while he tells Claire that he is indeed married, he doesn't explain that he is married to her. The young Claire is upset that he has a wife. Henry then disappears and is back in bed with his new wife Claire, and they both laugh about a young Claire being jealous of herself. We then see the couple move into their apartment in Chicago, and living the life of a young married couple. However, Henry time travels and sometimes leaves his wife for days or weeks at a time. Whenever he is gone, she has no idea when he'll be back. She is getting more and more upset by this. They have an argument after he misses Christmas and New Year's Day. She says she is stressed because he's never there, their apartment is too small to work in (she is an artist) and she is stressed about her new art show. She goes to work angry. Later that night, he meets her at the art studio. He tells her to come with him before "they miss it." He brings her to a TV store and they watch the lottery drawing. He knows all the numbers as they are being called. They have just won five million dollars. Henry says "There are a lot of downsides of traveling, but there can be some upsides too". They now have money to buy a big house with a studio for Claire to work in. At their new house, Henry and Claire have Gomez and a pregnant Charisse over for dinner. As they are making dinner, they hear a loud noise in the living room. The four of them run in to see a bleeding, gasping for breath future Henry on their living room floor. He then disappears. All of them are in shock, and present-day Henry just walks away. Later, Claire and Henry are discussing what happened. She is worried because in all her life, she has never seen Henry older than about 40. She is worried it is because he died, but has hope that maybe it's because he found a cure for his traveling. She then reveals that she is pregnant. Henry finds a geneticist that will try to help him with his problem. The geneticist (Dr. Kendrick) has discovered that it's a chromosome mutation, and it's genetic, which means his offspring will most likely have this problem too. Claire has already had three miscarriages because the fetuses are "traveling" out of the womb. The miscarriages are taking a toll on Claire and Henry, who argue every day. Claire wants one normal thing in her life, and that is to be a mother. Henry doesn't want to put Claire through the stress of another miscarriage, and he also doesn't want a child to have to go through what he goes through, time traveling without warning, being placed in possibly dangerous situations. He has a vasectomy without telling Claire, and after it's done he is upset, which causes him to travel. He ends up in the meadow with 18-year-old Claire. She can tell he's upset and he tells her that he did something he had to do, but she won't like it. He won't tell her that he had a vasectomy, and he instead angrily tells her that she is too young to understand anything yet. She slaps him, and he in turn kisses her hard. It's upsetting to her, because they have never kissed and their first kiss was angry. He then kisses her very lovingly, disappears and ends up in the present day at home. In Claire's art studio, he tells Claire about the vasectomy. She is very upset. She wants children, and she is mad that he led on an 18-year-old Claire in the meadow. Later that night, Henry is sleeping on the couch. Claire's cell phone rings, and it's a young Henry calling. It's January, and he is in a parking garage in Chicago and needs help. She goes to pick him up. When he gets in the car, she talks to him about being upset with the future version of him. She then kisses him and they make love in the car. The next week, she tells present-day Henry what happened. She explains that she didn't cheat on him because, well... it's him. Later on, we discover that Claire is pregnant again for the fourth time. While trying to pick out a name for their future daughter, Henry travels. He ends up at a museum, and while walking out a little girl yells, "Daddy!" Henry turns, and a 10-year-old girl is hugging him. She says her name is Alba and she misses him. Alba also has the ability to time travel, but for some reason, she can control it. She also tells him that he died when she was five years old. Henry is upset by this, but back in the present day he only tells Claire that he met their daughter, she is beautiful and smart and they name her Alba. We then see Alba being born and a montage of the next five years. As they are getting ready for Alba's fifth birthday, you can see Henry is upset. While Henry is preoccupied with party preparations and thoughts of his own death, an older version of Alba visits, and tells present day Alba that her father will die when she is five. An upset Alba tells Claire later that night, who doesn't know what to think. Later on Henry travels and is gone for a while. When he gets back, he is suffering from hypothermia and needs to be confined to a wheelchair in order to save his leg. Claire tells Dr. Kendrick that if Henry can't run, he can't help himself when he travels and he could die. During Henry 's travels, he finds out that he will die on the coming New Years Eve. When New Year's Eve arrives, Claire and Henry throw a party. Claire has no idea that Henry will die tonight, but Henry is taking everything in. He says goodbye to Gomez, and thanks him for being a great friend. He then asks to speak with Claire outside. She sits in his lap with a blanket around them, and he starts saying his goodbyes. She says, "No!" and wants to know why he invited everyone over, and he replies that he didn't want her to be alone. She tells him that she wouldn't change one second of their life together, and they are both crying. He kisses her, and as they kiss it's midnight and there are fireworks. Henry then disappears. Henry wakes up in the snow in the woods next to the meadow. It's very early in the morning, almost sunrise. There is a deer next to him. As he watches the deer, he hears a voice in the woods, then a gunshot. Henry screams in pain and disappears. You can then see Claire's father and brother, who were out hunting, arriving at the spot where Henry was, which is now just blood covered snow. They assume they clipped a deer. Back at present day, the New Years Eve party is going on when Henry arrives naked and dying of a gunshot wound on the floor. Claire runs to him and they both are saying, "I love you" when Henry dies. Claire is next seen lying in her bed, depressed, with her daughter. She is very shaken by the death of Henry. Later on, in the meadow, a nine-year-old Alba is playing with Gomez and Charisse's kids when Henry comes walking out of the woods. Alba is thrilled to see her father, it's been 4 years. Gomez's kids run to the house to get Claire while Henry and Alba talk. As Henry tells Alba the story of how he met her mother, you can see Claire running through the woods. When Henry sees Claire, they run to each other and embrace. Claire is thrilled. She asks why he didn't say he'd be here, and he tells her he doesn't want her to spend her life waiting for him. Claire is crying, telling him that she loves him and will always love him. Henry and Claire kiss, and Henry disappears once more. Claire picks up and folds his clothes, and Claire and Alba then leave the meadow together.
tt0072684
Adventure,Drama,History
PART I: By what means Redmond Barry acquired the style and title of Barry Lyndon. In the opening scene, set in 1750s Ireland, the father of Irishman Redmond Barry (Ryan O'Neal) is killed in a duel by a businessman over a disputed sale of some horses. This detail is related by the film's narrator (the voice of Michael Horden), who comments ironically on the events that transpire. The widow (Marie Kean), disdaining offers of marriage, devotes herself to the raising of her son. While still in his teens, Barry falls in love with his older cousin, Nora Brady (Gay Hamilton). A wealthy English army officer named Captain John Quin (Leonard Rossiter) meets and begins courting Nora, leading the jealous Barry to challenge Quin to a duel. Barry's second in the duel is his older friend, Captain Jack Grogan (Godfrey Quigley), and also present are Barry's cousins, Ulick and Mick Brady. They fire pistols at ten paces. When Barry's gunfire knocks Quin flat, the Brady cousins pronounce him dead and urge Barry to flee to avoid a murder charge. Believing that he has killed Quin and will be arrested by the British for murder, Barry flees. On the road to Dublin, Barry is robbed and his horse stolen by a middle-aged highwayman (Arthur O'Sullivan) and the man's son. Penniless, Barry enlists in the British army and finds himself in boot camp. During training, Barry gets into a brawl with a local bully named O'Toole (Pat Roach), and is forced to fight bare-knuckle against the guy. Barry wins the fight by dodging all of O'Toole's blows and knocks out his opponent, which earns him popularity from the rest of his fellow recruits. After basic training, Barry and his unit are sent to France to fight in the Seven Years' War (1756-1763) between the alliance of Great Britain and Prussia and the alliance of France, Austria and Russia. While still in a training camp, Barry is reunited with his old friend, Captain Grogan. One evening in the privacy of Grogan's tent, he tells Barry that Captain Quin is not dead after all and has married Nora. The whole duel was a ploy by Nora's relatives to make Barry flee from Ireland so she can marry Quin. During Barry's first "taste of conflict" during a skirmish on August 1, 1759 at the Battle of Minden, Grogan is killed, along with many other British soldiers, during the battle with a French rearguard. Over the next year-and-a-half, Barry becomes fed up with the brutality of war. One day, Barry takes an opportunity when he is able to steal the uniform and horse of Lt. Jonathan Fakenham, an army dispatcher, while Frakenham is bathing in a nearby stream with his gay lover. Posing as a British officer, Barry travels through the allied German states along the Rhine, hoping to get to neutral Holland and from there hopefully get back to Ireland. Barry has a brief affair with a local German woman (Diana Koerner) whom he shacks up with while her husband is away at war. Later, while traveling up the Rhine River to the north on horseback, Barry meets a Prussian officer, Captain Potzdorf (Hardy Kruger), who quickly sees through his disguise. Given the choice of joining the Prussian army or being turned back over to the British where he will no doubt be executed as a deserter, Barry enlists in his second army. After Barry saves Potzdorf's life by dragging him out of a burning house during a battle with French troops, Barry is promoted and receives a special commendation from the Prussian king, Frederick the Great. Two years later, after the war ends in 1763, Barry is employed by the Prussian Minister of Police, Potzdorf's uncle. It is arranged for him to become the servant of the Chevalier de Balibari (Patrick Magee), a professional gambler. The Prussians suspect that he is a spy and Barry is assigned to try to determine if he is. However, Barry discovers that the Chevalier is an expatriate Irishman like himself. After an attack of conscience, Barry immediately confesses his mission to the Chevalier and becomes his protege while continuing his charade of spying on him for Potzdor. Barry assists the Chevalier in cheating at card games, but when the Prince of Tbingen (Wolf Kahler) suspects the truth after losing a large sum of money, Potzdorf decides to expel the Chevalier from the country. Barry relays this to the Chevalier who persuades Barry to take advantage of this to flee Prussia. The Chevalier flees from his house during the night and crosses the border. The next day, Barry impersonates the Chevalier by donning his wig and clothes, so when Potzdorf arrives to take him to the border of Prussia and Saxony, Barry rejoins the Chevalier, both free at last. Over the next several years, Barry and the Chevalier become successful gamblers as they travel through Europe and gain access to high society. They wander from place to place, cheating the nobles at card games. Barry proves to be very useful; when a loser refuses to pay his debts, Barry's excellent swordsmanship, which he learned during his military service, convinces him otherwise. Seeing that his life of being a drifter and gambler is going nowhere, Barry decides to marry into wealth. Some time later, at a gambling table in Spa, Belgium, he encounters the beautiful and wealthy Countess of Lyndon (Marisa Berenson). After Barry has an argument with Lady Lyndon's aged and terminally sick husband (Frank Middlemass), he suffers a heart attack and dies. PART II: Containing an account of the misfortunes and disasters which befell Barry Lyndon. The following year (on June 15, 1773), Lady Lyndon and Barry are married and Barry takes her last name of Lyndon and settles in England with wealth at last. The Chevalier is the best man at Barry's wedding and afterwords, he wishes Barry luck with his new life and goes off on his own. Young Lord Bullingdon (Dominic Savage), Lady Lyndon's 10-year-old son by Sir Charles, hates Barry from the beginning, knowing that Barry is an adventurer and "common opportunist" and is not in love with his mother. In this second part, Barry undergoes a character transformation from being ambitious, naive and innocent, into a self-destructive and arrogant man who becomes corrupted by his newly acquired wealth and power. The marriage between Barry and Lady Lyndon is not a happy one, although they welcome a new son born the following year, whom they name Bryan Patrick. Barry is unfaithful to her, and expends most of Lady Lyndon's fortune in an effort to ingratiate himself with those who could assist him in his quest to become a peer of the realm while keeping his wife and children in dull seclusion. One day, she observes Barry consorting with her maid and feels humiliated, but when Barry approaches her in her bath to apologize, she forgives him. However, young Bullingdon does not forgive Barry, and when he reminds Lady Lyndon that Sir Charles is his true father, Barry takes him out of the room to horsewhip him. As the years pass, Barry dotes on the sweet-natured Bryan, while Bullingdon's hatred intensifies. Barry brings his mother over from Ireland to live with him on the estate grounds. After meeting with Lady Lyndon as well as her son Lord Bullingdon (now a teenager played by Leon Vitali), Barry's mother privately warns her son that his position is precarious. If Lady Lyndon were to die, all of her wealth would go to her first-born son Lord Bullingdon; Barry and his son Bryan would be left penniless. Barry's mother advises him to obtain a noble title to protect himself. Following his mother's advice, Barry cultivates the acquaintance of the influential Lord Wendover (Andr Morell) with this goal in mind, spending much money to grease his way to the top of the social ladder. Barry gains access to more of high society and even once meets with the British king George III at a reception in London. To that end, Barry discusses the issue with former government minister, Lord Hallam, who refers him to Gustavus Adolphus, the thirteenth Earl of Wendover. The Earl, making no promises, is willing to consider backing Barry, but says that there must be no question of his worthiness. Barry spends more money lavishly to buy lands and expensive pictures, to entertain those most likely to advance him and make bribes in high places. One day in the boys' schoolroom, when Bullingdon and the usually congenial Bryan quarrel, Barry whips Bullingdon. The viscount, now grown, threatens that next time he will kill Barry. One day during a lavish birthday party for Lady Lyndon that Barry holds in her honor, Lord Bullingdon crashes the party and announces his hatred of his stepfather. Bullingdon vows to leave his home and never return as long as his mother is married to Redmond Barry whom he continues to badmouth as a "Irish underling". The hot-tempered Barry physically attacks Lord Bullingdon and beats him up in front of all of the important guests which puts a quick end to the party. Humiliated by this public brawl, Bullingdon never the less makes good on his word and leaves the family estate and England itself for parts unknown. However, Barry's public cruelty towards his unruly stepson loses him all the powerful friends he has worked so hard to make and he is shunned socially. From then on, Barry is considered an outcast by good society, although they do not admit this to his face. At once, his bills become due and are paid by Lady Lyndon's income. In contrast to the mistreatment he gave Lord Bullingdon, Barry proves to be a doting and compassionate father to Bryan. Barry now focuses all his attention on raising his son Bryan. Over the next year-and-a-half, Barry cannot refuse the young boy anything and spoils him every chance he gets, giving Bryan everything that he never had as a young child growing up in poverty in Ireland. Barry even purchases a pony for Bryan to ride despite the fact that the young boy is not a good enough rider. Bryan says that all he wants is a horse (not a pony), so he can go hunting with his father. However, on Bryan's 9th birthday, despite his parents stern orders not to ride his new horse without the company of his parents, the spoiled and rotten boy disobeys them anyway and is thrown while riding from his horse and dies three days later from a head injury. The grief-stricken Barry turns to drink and isolates himself even further, while Lady Lyndon seeks solace in religion, assisted by the Reverend Samuel Runt (Murray Melvin), tutor first to Lord Bullingdon and then to Bryan. Mrs. Barry takes over the management of Castle Hackton. After a few weeks, Mrs. Barry dismisses Reverend Runt partly because they no longer need a tutor (mostly because of Barry's past spending habits), partly for what she says is fear that his influence is making Lady Lyndon worse. Plunging even deeper into grief, she attempts suicide by taking poison, but survives and is taken to a nearby clinic to recover. The Reverend and the family's accountant and emissary Graham (Philip Stone) then seek out Lord Bullingdon. Upon hearing of these events, Lord Bullingdon returns to England where he finds Barry drunk in a gentleman's club, mourning the loss of his son rather than being with Lady Lyndon. Bullingdon demands satisfaction for Barry's public assault by challenging him to a duel. The duel with pistols is held in a tithe barn. A coin-toss gives Bullingdon the right of first fire, but he nervously misfires his pistol as he prepares to shoot. Barry, reluctant to shoot Bullingdon, magnanimously fires into the ground, but the unmoved Bullingdon refuses to let the duel end, claiming he has not received "satisfaction". In the second round, Bullingdon shoots Barry in his left leg. At a nearby inn, a surgeon informs Barry that the leg will need to be amputated below the knee if he is to survive. While Barry is recovering, Bullingdon re-takes control of the Lyndon estate. A few days later, Bullingdon sends a very nervous Graham to the cottage where Barry is recovering to offer him a deal: Bullingdon will grant Barry a small annuity of 500 guineas for life if he leaves England forever and ends his marriage to Lady Lyndon; otherwise, with his credit and bank accounts exhausted, his creditors will see to it that he is put in jail. Wounded in spirit and body and with no friends left, Barry reluctantly accepts the deal. Barry goes back to Ireland with his mother to recover from his injuries. He is then said to have gone back to the European continent to resume his former profession of gambler, though without his former success. From there, history loses touch with Redmond Barry's life after that. He never sees Lady Lyndon again. In the final scene, set another few years later in December 1789, a gray and middle-aged Lady Lyndon is going over her finances with Lord Bullingdon, Reverend Runt and Graham. She then pauses to sign Barry's annuity cheque to be sent to Ireland. Bullingdon looks over at her sorrowful face and comes to realize that she indeed loved Redmond Barry despite his faults. Mother and son say nothing to each other and continue to review their financial papers. EPILOGUE: "It was in the reign of George III that the aforesaid personages lived and quarreled; good or bad, handsome or ugly, rich or poor, they are all equal now."
tt0427229
Comedy,Romance
Tripp(Matthew McConaughey) is a whimsical 35 year-old man going through relationship troubles. His troubles seem to begin and end with the fact he lives with his parents. His parents, Al and Sue(Terry Bradshaw and Kathy Bates) have just been told by their friends that Tripp needs to meet the right girl, if they ever want their son to leave. Fortunately for Al and Sue Tripp meets Paula(Sarah Jessica Parker) who has an amazing personality to overcome her equine features and blatant violations push-up bra safety. Unbeknownst to Tripp, Paula has been hired by his parents to become his inspiration to move out. Sue also helps spur Tripp out of the house by telling him to do more chores. We then learn that Tripp is a boat salesman and he is lying to Paula in an attempt to have intercourse with her. Paula is not annoyed by this fact and continues to play him. Tripp confides to his friends that he really likes Paula and they inform him that he is doomed to fail because of his living situation. Tripps second date with Paula is another whacky disaster as his injured hand leads him to fumble with sushi. Paula then calls Tripp to the vets office to help her with the staged euthanasia of her dog. Tripp then takes Paula to play paintball, and Ace(Justin Bartha) meets Kit(Zooey Deschanel). It turns out Kit is also in on the deceit to lure Tripp out of the house. Paula believes that her job is almost done and that Tripp has fallen for her. While Tripp is with his friends surfing he tells them that he has to get rid if Paula because she is too serious. So Tripp takes her home where his parents lie to him about knowing Paula. Tripp is suspicious that Paula is not annoyed by his living situation. Sue tells Paula that Tripp brought her to the house to break up with her. Paula then turns up her prostitution up a notch, and sleeps with him in return for payment by his parents. Ace then catches Paula with another client and Paula then barters Kit to Ace in return for his silence. Kit then falls for Ace as he offers a means to kill a federally protected bird. Meanwhile, during a date with Tripp, Demo(Bradley Cooper) tells Paula that he knows what she is doing and tell her more about Tripp and why he hasnt left home. Demo then tells Tripp what he told Paula and that she is being paid by his parents. Tripp then makes a meal for Paula and his parents and tells them he wants Paula to move in with him, but then unexpectedly turns the tables and tell them he knows Paula is a prostitute, and leaves. Suddenly Tripp and Paula both realize, thru help of their friends, that they are unhappy. Sue gets the gang together and they concoct a plan to get Tripp and Paula back together. Tripp is then beaten and tied up and falsely imprisoned in a bugged house with Paula. They have a talk and get back together while they make love on a web cast that their friends are watching. They then sail off into the sunset, and more whacky adventures.
tt0091419
Comedy,Horror,Musical
The narrator (Stanley Jones) tells of an event that once threatened the existence of the entire human race. It occurred in "the most seemingly innocent and unlikely of places", Skid Row, in New York. Three teenage girls (Michelle Weeks, Tisha Campbell-Martin, and Tichina Arnold) appear throughout the film as a Motown-singing Greek chorus. They set the scene at the unassuming Mushnick's Flower Shop ("Little Shop of Horrors"). Seymour Krelborn (Rick Moranis), the meek, clumsy employee of Mr. Mushnick (Vincent Gardenia), lives a dreary life among the other unfortunate residents of Skid Row ("Skid Row/Downtown"). Taken in by Mushnick as a young orphan, Seymour lives in a tiny room below the flower shop and is treated fairly poorly by his employer. The light of his life is his co-worker, Audrey (Ellen Greene), a fragile, battered woman stuck in an abusive relationship. The flower shop is making virtually no money, and Mr. Mushnick is on the verge of closing it for good when Audrey mentions the strange and interesting new plant Seymour has been developing, and suggests that if it is properly advertised, it might attract more business. Seymour presents the plant, a large bud surrounded by layers of leaves. Mushnick is pleasantly surprised when customers begin flocking in after seeing the little plant in the window. Seymour has no idea what kind of plant it is, but explains how he got it ("Da Doo"): While he was shopping for odd new plants, his hobby, a solar eclipse occurred. After daylight returned, the strange plant seemingly appeared out of nowhere. Seymour bought it for cheap and brought it home to examine. He shyly admits that he named it "Audrey II." The shop is doing record business until the plant begins to wither. Seymour frantically tries to nurse it back to health, though water, sunlight, fertilizer, and minerals have done no good ("Grow For Me"). When he pricks his finger on a rose thorn and draws blood, Audrey II responds vigorously. Seymour realizes what it lives on, and reluctantly gives it a few drops. Audrey II has a dramatic growth spurt and business picks up, with Seymour becoming a local celebrity ("Some Fun Now"). He does not reveal the secret behind the plant's health. Audrey's boyfriend, Orin Scrivello (Steve Martin), is a sadistic dentist with a leather jacket, motorcycle, and ducktail haircut. He adores his profession because of the constant opportunities to inflict pain on others ("Dentist!"). He enhances his pleasure through his habit of huffing nitrous oxide, or "giggle gas", for a euphoric high. Seymour and Mushnick are concerned, as Audrey often comes to work with injuries or a black eye. Orin arrives at the shop one night to pick up Audrey, and Seymour sees first hand how roughly he treats her. Audrey, meanwhile, secretly dreams of an idyllic suburban life with Seymour ("Somewhere That's Green"), but is too frightened to leave Orin. Seymour angrily paces around the empty shop at night, venting his frustrations to Audrey II, who is now roughly the size of an armchair. To Seymour's great surprise, Audrey II responds with a human voice (Levi Stubbs) and demands more food. Knowing that the plant can no longer live on mere droplets of blood (partially because it is too big, and partially because Seymour is now weak and anemic from feeding the plant from his bleeding fingers), Seymour is reluctant to provide it with bigger portions. The smooth-talking Audrey II promises Seymour money, fame, and the girl of his dreams if he continues to nourish it with human blood ("Feed Me (Git It)"). Seymour initially refuses to murder for the benefit of Audrey II, reasoning that he doesn't know anyone "who deserves to get chopped up and fed to a hungry plant." Audrey II directs him to the window, where he sees Orin assaulting Audrey across the street. Filled with rage, Seymour agrees to bring back a specific meal for the plant. The next day, Seymour goes to Orin's office with a gun in his coat pocket. The patient before him, Arthur Denton (Bill Murray) is a gleeful masochist who frustrates Orin by actually enjoying the oral torture he receives. After Denton's departure, Orin drags Seymour into his office to get the sadistic fix he had been craving. Though he wants to spare Audrey further pain and has promised Audrey II fresh blood, Seymour is terrified of shooting Orin. Conveniently, Orin dons his special gas mask, which provides him with constant nitrous oxide and increases his sadistic pleasure. The mask malfunctions and Seymour watches his nemesis asphyxiate before his eyes. Seymour drags the body back to the flower shop, where he reluctantly chops it up with an axe and feeds it piece by piece to Audrey II. Seymour is understandably shaken by the incident, and sees the police speaking with Audrey the next morning about Orin's disappearance. He tries to comfort Audrey, telling her that she had deserved a better man all along. While Audrey admits that her low self-esteem kept her tied to Orin, she feels partially responsible for his fate because she had been silently wishing him out of her life. Though he does not reveal the truth about what became of Orin, Seymour promises to stand by Audrey no matter what ("Suddenly Seymour"). Invigorated from finally winning Audrey's love, Seymour returns to the flower shop. He is confronted by Mushnick, who had seen Seymour dismembering Orin's body the night before. Mushnick assumes that Seymour's devotion to Audrey caused him to murder the cruel dentist, but does not suspect that Audrey II is involved, and knows nothing of its grisly diet. Mushnick leads Seymour upstairs at gunpoint, planning to turn him in to the police. He then offers Seymour a proposition: Seymour leaves town forever, and Mushnick keeps the money-making plant. As Audrey II coaxes Seymour to sacrifice Mushnick to clear his own name ("Suppertime"), Seymour nervously backs Mushnick into the gaping maw of the hungry plant, killing two birds with one stone. With Audrey II grown to enormous proportions, Seymour's celebrity increases ("The Meek Shall Inherit"). However, he is miserable and terrified of the plant's eating habits getting out of hand. He begins to fend off the media and turn down large sums of money, feeling guilty for his part in the secret deaths of Audrey II's meals. He finally puts his foot down, denying the plant any further feedings. He and Audrey plan to run away that night and get married, escaping Skid Row forever. However, he buckles when Audrey II seemingly agrees to accept some meat from the butcher instead of a human corpse. Seymour falls for the ruse and leaves the shop. The plant, with its fully mobile tendrils, uses the phone to call Audrey's apartment across the street, begging for water. Audrey, in her wedding dress, comes to oblige, and is amazed that the huge plant can talk. As she fetches the watering can, the plant wraps its vines around her legs and drags her into its mouth ("Suppertime II"). Seymour returns just in time to save Audrey from being devoured. Outside the shop, he explains how dangerous the plant is, and how he only kept it because he thought Audrey would cease to like him if he were no longer rich and famous. Audrey assures Seymour that she loved him from the moment she met him, and still does. They are interrupted by a salesman (James Belushi) who shares with Seymour his idea of collecting trimmings from the plant and marketing miniature Audrey IIs all over the country. Seymour deducts that this was the plant's plan all along: It was an alien that came to earth during the solar eclipse and was bent on world domination. He rushes back into the shop for a final showdown with Audrey II. The plant thwarts Seymour's efforts at killing it, and begins to taunt him as its branches destroy the building and new buds begin to bloom ("Mean Green Mother from Outer Space"). Emerging from the rubble, Seymour grabs a live electric wire and touches it to Audrey II's vine, electrocuting it and causing it to explode into nothing. Seymour and Audrey are married and arrive at their suburban dream home, just as Audrey had imagined. As they enter the front door, a baby Audrey II plant is seen in their garden, a tiny smile on its pod.
tt1099212
Drama,Fantasy,Romance
Seventeen-year-old Bella Swan (Kristen Stewart) has decided to leave sunny Phoenix, Arizona, to spend some time with her father Charlie Swan (Billy Burke), the chief of police in the perpetually cloudy and rainy city of Forks, Washington, on the west coast of the Olympic Peninsula, so that her mother Rene (Sarah Clarke) and her minor league baseball-playing stepfather Phil Dwyer (Matt Bushell) can go on the road together for spring training and perhaps even move to Jacksonville, Florida. Bella's relationship with her father is cool, even though she hasn't seen him in several years. When she arrives in Forks, he surprises her with the gift of a red pickup truck he purchased from his best friend, Billy Black (Gil Birmingham). Bella remembers making mudpies with Billy's son Jacob (Taylor Lautner) and looks forward to having at least one friend at Forks High School, until Jacob reminds her that he is a Quileute Indian and goes to school on the Reservation. Not to worry. On her first day of school, Bella is befriended by Eric Yorkie (Justin Chon), the school's "eyes and ears", and he introduces her to some of the other students. Everything is looking cool so far. Cool, that is, until she meets Edward Cullen (Robert Pattinson). Edward is one of five foster kids adopted by Dr Carlisle Cullen (Peter Facinelli) and his wife Esme (Elizabeth Reaser). There's also Alice (Ashley Greene) and Emmett (Kellan Lutz) Cullen and the twins, Rosalie (Nikki Reed) and Jasper (Jackson Rathbone) Hale. From the moment Edward lays eyes on Bella, he can't stop scowling at her. When Bella is assigned as Edward's lab partner in Biology, her stepping in front of the classroom fan makes him react as though he's getting sick. After Edward storms out the door when the bell rings, Bella is puzzled as to what she could have done to anger him. When she overhears him in the office attempting to transfer out of Biology, she decides to confront him and ask him what is his problem. However, she doesn't get the chance because Edward is absent for the next several days. When Edward does return to school, he seems changed. He introduces himself to Bella and asks her about herself, her family, and whether or not she likes the cold, rainy climate in Forks. Bella notices that his eyes seem a different color than previously, and he answers awkwardly before walking away. Later that day, as Bella is about to get into her truck, another car careens out of control in the school parking lot. Within seconds, Edward has crossed the lot, pulled Bella out of the way, and seemingly stopped the car with his bare hand, leaving Bella more puzzled than before. When she tries to ask Edward how he did it, he simply chalks it up to an "adrenalin rush" and refuses to talk about it. Further, he says that they probably shouldn't even be friends. That doesn't stop Bella from asking Edward to be her date when the kids decide to go surfing at La Push Beach on the Indian Reservation, but Edward doesn't show. When the kids are joined on the beach by Jacob Black and two of his friends from the Reservation and they learn that Edward Cullen was supposed to be Bella's date, one of Jacob's friends remarks, "The Cullens don't come here." Later, Bella asks Jacob what was meant by that remark, and Jacob tells her of a Quileute legend that says the Quileutes are descended from wolves whereas the Cullens are descended from an enemy clan. The legend also goes that the Quileutes and the Cullens made a pact that required the Cullens to stay off Quileute land in exchange for the Quileutes keeping it secret what the Cullens really were. Although Jacob calls it just an 'old story,' Bella suspects otherwise. She googles Quileute legends and notices that there is a bookstore in Port Angeles that sells several books on Quileute legends, so she goes along with her new friends, Jessica Stanley (Anna Kendrick) and Angela Weber (Christian Serratos), when they decide to go shopping in Port Angeles for their prom dresses. After purchasing her books, Bella heads to the restaurant where she planned to meet Jessica and Angela for dinner before heading back to Forks. Along the way, however, she is stopped by four guys with no good on their minds. Suddenly, Edward drives up, forces the guys to back off, and orders Bella to get into the car. When Edward and Bella finally join Jessica and Angela, the girls have already eaten. Edward offers to see that Bella gets some dinner and then to drive her back to Forks, so Jessica and Angela take off, giving Bella and Edward a chance to talk privately. Edward reveals that he was following Bella because he has developed very protective feelings towards her. He also lets it slip that he could read what was in the minds of those low-lifes and that he can read just about anyone's mind...except for hers. On the drive back to Forks, Bella accidentally touches Edward's hand and is amazed at how cold it is. As they pass the Forks Police Department, they see several police cars, including that of Bella's father, with their lights flashing. Dr Cullen's car is also there, so Bella and Edward stop to see what's happening. They learn from Carlisle that the body of Waylon Forge, a good friend of her father, was just found lying in a boat, dead from what looks like an animal attack, this being the second animal attack to happen near Forks. Later, after Bella has returned home with her father, she starts paging through the books she purchased and comes across a Quileute legend about "The Cold One." Googling it, she learns that "The Cold One," aka Apotamkin, is a fanged creature, described as undead, immortal, possessing incredible speed, strength, and cold skin. It is said to drink human blood and variously equated with other legends about vampires. The next day, Bella confronts Edward with her findings. He doesn't deny it. He takes her to the top of a mountain, out of the cloud bank, and shows her how a vampire's skin sparkles in the sunlight. He explains how the Cullen family has learned to live on animal blood and consider themselves "vegetarian vampires." Still, he's a killer, he says, and admits that his hostile reaction to her is because her blood smelled so appetizing that he wanted to kill her and feed on her. He's never wanted a human's blood as much as he wants hers. Bella replies that she doesn't care and insists she trusts him to maintain control. Edward goes on to explain that Carlisle turned him in 1918 when he was dying of Spanish influenza and that Waylon was killed by some other vampires...not the Cullens. The relationship between Bella and Edward progresses to the point where Edward decides to take Bella home to meet his family. But suddenly he announces complications and drives away, as Billy and Jacob are arriving at Bella's house. As Edward's car passes theirs, he exchanges suspicious, wary glares with the two. Billy asks Charlie about the investigation into Waylon's death and the conversation shows that Billy suspects what really happened to him; looking knowingly at Bella. The next day, Edward brings Bella to the Cullen home, a beautiful house on the outskirts of town. Upstairs, Bella finds the Cullens preparing a meal for her, although Bella has already eaten as she knows the Cullens don't eat and didn't expect to be fed. Most of the Cullens are super-welcoming to Bella, especially Alice. Jasper is polite but distant, as refraining from human blood is still difficult for him. The one Cullen who's not pleased with Bella is Rosalie, who is concerned that the relationship between Edward and Bella may end badly (i.e., Edward will end up harming Bella), implicating the entire family and forcing them to move again. However, Edward is super careful not to lose control when he's around Bella, and the relationship continues to grow. One rainy afternoon, Edward takes Bella out to play baseball with his family. In the middle of the game, three figures come walking out of the mist. Fearfully, the Cullens regroup, hiding Bella behind him. The intruders are the rogue vampires who have been feasting on humans, including Waylon Forge. They introduce themselves as Laurent (Edi Gathegi), Victoria (Rachelle Lefevre), and James (Cam Gigandet) and ask whether they can join the Cullens for a game. Thinking quickly, Carlisle agrees, saying that some of the family were leaving, and Laurent and the others can take their places-- a cue for Edward to get Bella safely away before she is detected. Everyone moves back into the field to take their places. But suddenly, the wind shifts so that James catches Bella's scent and realizes that there is a human in their midst. "You brought a snack," he sneers and heads toward Bella. Edward jumps between them. Laurent backs off and agrees to leave, taking James and Victoria with him. "Get Bella out of here," Carlisle warns Edward. As they quickly drive away, Edward explains to Bella that James is a tracker. Edward's reaction to his catching her scent made this into his most exciting hunt ever, and now he won't give up until he has her. Bella's only salvation is, if they can get to James first, rip him apart, and burn the pieces. Edward's plan is to catch a ferry to Vancouver, B.C.; but Bella insists on going home first, against Edward's better judgement. They plan a ruse to get Bella quickly in and out of the house without her father knowing what's happening. When Bella gets home, she runs into the house and slams the front door, shouting, "It's over!" at Edward. She then informs her father that she's got to get away from here...now! She packs a nightbag and, against her father's protests, gets in the truck (where Edward is waiting), and they drive away. Unfortunately, James has already tracked Bella to Charlie's house and is on their trail. First, they stop at the Cullens' house, where Laurent has shown up to warn them about James and Victoria. The plan now is for Alice and Jasper to drive Bella south, while the others, including Rosalie and Esme dressed in Bella's clothes, attempt to create a false trail through the woods. It doesn't take long, however, for James to realize that he's been duped. When James changes his course, Alice senses the change and has a vision of James heading to a ballet studio in Phoenix where Bella once took lessons. While Jasper and Alice check them into a hotel in Phoenix, Bella gets a call on her cellphone from her mother, frantically worried about her. Suddenly, James comes on the line and informs Bella that he got her Phoenix address from Forks High School and arrived there just as her worried mother also got there. If Bella wants to save Rene's life, she must ditch Jasper and Alice and meet James in her old ballet studio. Bella takes a taxi to the studio; but, when she gets there, she finds that it was a trick. James got an old movie from her house, and it was only Rene's voice Bella was hearing. James then taunts her further by threatening to film their "time together" to break Edward's heart. As the camera rolls, James bats Bella around the room, then breaks her leg. Suddenly, Edward shows up, having gotten there faster than the others because of his greater speed. With their vampire strength, James and Edward toss each other around the room, breaking mirrors and windows with the impact of their bodies. At one point, James manages to swoop down on Bella and bite her arm. Just then, Carlisle, Alice, Emmett, and Jasper show up. Alice races to Bella's side, while Carlisle pulls Edward off James, telling him that Bella needs him more. Overpowered by the smell of Bella's blood, Alice asks Carlisle to take over for her. While Carlisle bends over Bella, Alice breaks James' neck; and she, Jasper, and Emmett start a fire to burn his body. Carlisle says that Bella's femoral artery is severed and she's losing a lot of blood...but even more important is the fact that she's been bitten, and the vampire venom has begun to affect her. Edward has a decision to make...either let the change happen or suck out the venom. Although Alice says she's seen a vision of Bella becoming a vampire, Edward refuses to allow the change, so he decides to suck out the venom even though it means that he might not be able to stop. When Bella awakens, she is in the hospital, her mother at her side and Edward "asleep" in a chair (he'd previously told Bella that he doesn't require sleep). Bella claims not to remember anything that happened, so Rene tells her how Edward and his father came down from Forks to persuade her to return; and, when Bella went to see them at their hotel, she tripped, fell down two flights of stairs, broke her leg, went through a window, and lost a lot of blood. The story is believable because Bella is a very clumsy and awkward person. When Rene leaves to get Charlie, who's waiting in the hospital cafeteria, Edward quickly "wakes up." He tells Bella that they took care of James and that Victoria ran off. Then he lowers the boom. He wants Bella to move to Jacksonville with her mother so that she can't be hurt anymore by her association with him. Bella refuses. Bella moves back to Forks with her dad. With her leg still in a cast, Bella attends the prom with Edward. When Edward goes off to park the car, Jacob sits down next to Bella. He tells her that his father wants her to break up with Edward and that he sent a warning: "We'll be watching you." Bella laughs. Later, as Bella and Edward dance in the gazebo, she asks him why he didn't let her turn. "If you just let the venom spread," she says, "I could be like you by now." She informs him that she's made the decision to be with him forever and offers him her neck. Edward bends over to bite her neck but ends up simply kissing it. "Is it not enough just to have a long and happy life with me?" he asks. "For now," Bella replies. From a window overlooking the gazebo, Victoria watches Bella and Edward kiss. She turns away, lets down her hair, and smiles to herself.
tt0164334
Drama,Thriller
The daughter of a United States Senator is kidnapped from her private school under the nose of her Secret Service agent Jezzie [Monica Potter]. The kidnapper is a teacher who uses the girl's habit for "passing" encrypted notes to her friend, the son of the Russian President, as a pretext for getting her away from other students to repremand her. He drugs her and flees the campus with her in tow. The kidnapper, Mr. Soneji, contacts the famous profiler Alex Cross [Morgan Freeman] to initiate the chase he has so dramatically laid out in his mind, The Secret Service agent, Jezzie Flannigan, who let the kidnappers get away with her charge, Megan Rose, pleads with Cross [Freeman] to let her help retrieve the girl so she can redeem herself. They both follow the clues that allude to the famous Lindbergh kidnapping case. They realize that the kidnapped Megan is being used to lure the real intended target away from his tight security; the son of the Russian president. Meanwhile Megan is being held on a boat and taking an active role in her own rescue, trying to escape and cleverly creating havoc; she takes the battery pack out of the intercom, asks to go to the bathroom, dropping the battery pack onto the stove next to the open flame under the teapot. It explodes, & while Soneji battles the blaze she runs out & jumps overboard. She catches the attention of a fisherman on shore; just as he is about to reach Megan, Soneji shoots him. He hauls Megan back on board...Soneji 1, Megan 0. After Alex & Jezzie are rejected when trying to warn the Russians, they decide to stake out the place anyway & Soneji makes his move against Demetri by tricking him into thinking he's corresponding w/ Megan. Demetri evades his security & goes to a phone booth. Meanwhile, Soneji has killed the 2 patrolmen & commandeered their car. He exits the car, moving toward the phone booth, but Alex & Jezzie see him. Gunfight ensues, Demetri is saved, but Soneji gets away. He returns to the boat to find that Megan is gone. Our erstwhile heroes get a phone call, saying the plan has changed & he wants $10mil in diamonds. There follows a lot of rigamarole w/ Cross carrying around a load of diamonds, following instructions from the voice on the phone. Unaware that Soneji no longer has the girl, Cross is running all over Washington DC, answering phones and running through train stations with the diamonds in a thermos for the complicated "drop", only his new partner on his tail for backup. Defeated, after having handed over the diamonds and getting no girl, the duo returns to Jezzie's apartment to discuss the case when there is a knock on the door. It's Mr Soneji with a Tazer in the Hall! He zaps Jezzie and she falls to the floor. He draws a gun on Alex who must give up his own gun or never find out where Megan Rose is. After a discussion of his miserable childhood & why he is the way he is, Soneji says he's taking Jezzie w/ him, but she wakes up and stabs him in the leg, allowing Cross time to load a shotgun and put an end to him. Jezzie sobs that they will never find Megan now. But Cross reveals to Agent McArthur (Dylan Baker) that Soneji had failed to react to a comment made by Cross about the $12mil ransom, from which he has concluded, since the ransom was $10mil, that Soneji had no idea what he was talking about, Megan is no longer with him & there are other kidnappers in play. Cross & Agent McArthur go over the school tapes, & Cross deduces that Soneji was hoodwinked by the new kidnappers. Meanwhile, we see Megan in her new kidnapper's abode. A faintly familiar face appears in a dimly lit room and is offering food to Megan. It's another Secret Service agent from her school and LO & BEHOLD! it's Agent Devine! He leaves her in her barn location, returning to the main house. & HOLY BETRAYAL! JEZZIE! They had followed Soneji around for a year & divined his plans. She demands to know where Megan is and is annoyed to learn she is still alive. She asks to see the diamonds and explains that Soneji is dead and Cross had twigged on the notion that he was not the sole plotter in the kidnapping. Divine asks if she thinks Cross is onto them. Jezzie says they are not onto the two of them, and blows a hole in her boyfriend's head commenting that Cross is onto HIM. Meanwhile Alex has timed the surveillance tapes from the day of the school kidnapping and puts it together that Agent Divine was essentially an accomplice. He runs to Jezzie's apartment and finds files on her computer that only the plotter would have! Things start to happen fast. Jezzie goes to the barn to get Megan, who initially is glad she's there but soon gets suspicious that there's no one else w/ her...smart girl! A nasty 1-sided gunfight ensues, with Jezzie chasing Megan all over the barn & Megan cleverly evading her. Alex catches Megan & keeps her from yelling while Jezzie slowly enters the trap. Alex comes up behind her, telling her to drop the gun. She doesn't, playing on Alex's guilt over his partner's death, thinking he won't shoot her...big mistake, as she raises her gun, & he does. Alex & Megan walk out of the barn together, his promise to return her to her parents puts smiles on all around.
tt0365737
Drama,Thriller
United States energy giant Connex is losing control of key Middle East oil fields in a kingdom ruled by the al-Subaai family. The emirate's foreign minister, Prince Nasir (Alexander Siddig) has granted natural gas drilling rights to a Chinese company, greatly upsetting the US oil industry and government. To compensate for its decreased production capacity, Connex initiates a shady merger with Killen, a smaller oil company that recently won the drilling rights to key petroleum fields in Kazakhstan. In the film, Connex-Killen is loosely based on ExxonMobil and their deal for the Tengiz oil field in 2003. Connex-Killen ranks as the world's twenty-third largest corporation, and US antitrust regulators at the Department of Justice (DOJ) have misgivings. A Washington law firm headed by Dean Whiting (Christopher Plummer) is hired to smooth the way for the merger. Bennett Holiday (Jeffrey Wright) is assigned to promote the impression of due diligence to the DOJ, deflecting any allegations of corruption. Emir storyline Bryan Woodman (Matt Damon) is an energy analyst based in Geneva, Switzerland. Woodman's supervisor directs him to attend a private party hosted by the emir at his estate in Marbella, Spain to offer his company's services. The Emir's illness during the party prevents Woodman from speaking directly with the Emir while, at the same time, the emir's younger son, Prince Meshal Al-Subaai (Akbar Kurtha), shows the estate's many rooms and areas to Chinese oil executives via remote controlled cameras. No one notices that a crack in one of the swimming pool area's underwater lights has electrified the water. Just as Woodman and all the other guests are brought to the pool area, Woodman's son jumps into the pool and is fatally electrocuted. In reparation and out of sympathy for the loss of his son, Prince Nasir grants Woodman's company oil interests worth US$100 million, and Woodman gradually becomes his economic advisor. Prince Nasir (Alexander Siddig) is dedicated to the idea of progressive reform and understands that oil dependency is not sustainable in the long term; Nasir desires to utilize his nation's oil profits to diversify the economy and introduce democratic reforms, in sharp contrast to his father's repressive government, which has been supported by American interests. Woodman and his wife drift apart as he becomes more involved in working with the Prince and she even questions whether he is trading on the tragedy that took their son's life. Nasir hopes to succeed his father as emir, but his younger brother is willing to continue the status quo and is chosen as the King's successor instead even though he's clearly unqualified to run a nation. Nasir plans a military coup, but American intelligence plans to assassinate him via a remote missile attack on his convoy. Assassination storyline Bob Barnes (George Clooney) is a veteran CIA Operations Officer trying to stop Middle Eastern illegal arms trafficking. While on assignment in Tehran to kill two Iranian arms dealers, Barnes notices that one of two anti-tank missiles (actually FIM-92 Stingers) intended to participate in an explosion was diverted to an Egyptian (Amr Waked), while the other explodes and kills two Iranian agents. Barnes makes his superiors nervous by writing memos about the missile theft, and is subsequently reassigned to a desk job. However, unaccustomed to the political discretion required, he quickly embarrasses the wrong people by speaking his mind and is sent back to the field with the assignment of assassinating Prince Nasir, whom the CIA identifies as being the financier behind the Egyptians obtaining the missile. Prior to his reassignment, Barnes confides with in his ex-CIA agent friend, Stan Goff (William Hurt), that he will return to Lebanon. Goff advises him to clear his presence with Hezbollah so they know he is not acting against them. Barnes travels to Lebanon, obtains safe passage from a Hezbollah leader and hires a mercenary named Mussawi (Mark Strong) to help kidnap and murder Nasir. But Mussawi has now become an Iranian agent and has Barnes kidnapped instead and then tortures him. The Hezbollah leader ultimately arrives at the scene of Barnes's torture in time to stop Mussawi from beheading Barnes. When the CIA learns that Mussawi plans to broadcast the agency's intention to kill Nasir, they try to distance themselves by scapegoating Barnes, portraying him as a rogue agent. Whiting worries, first about Barnes talking about the Nasir assassination plan, second about the possibility that Nasir's coup might have a greater likelihood of success, and third that killing Nasir with a Predator drone missile would make it obvious that it is an American-backed assassination. He plots to make Barnes the scapegoat. He has his passports revoked, locks him out of his computer at work, and has him investigated. Barnes, however, learns from Stan Goff that Whiting is responsible and threatens him and his family unless he halts the investigation and releases Barnes's passports. Barnes eventually learns why he was portrayed as a rogue agent. He drives across the desert, intent on warning Nasir. He stops Prince Nasir's convoy to warn him of the assassination plan. Before he can tell the Prince, the Predator missile strikes the automobile of Nasir and his family, killing them. Barnes stumbles away wounded. Woodman, who gave his seat in Nasir's car to Nasir's wife, survives the blast and goes home to his wife and son. Wasim Storyline Pakistani migrant workers Saleem Ahmed Khan (Shahid Ahmed) and his son Wasim (Mazhar Munir) board a bus to go to work at a Connex refinery, only to discover that they have been laid off due to a Chinese company outbidding Connex for the rights to run that facility. Since the company has provided food and lodging, the workers face the threat of poverty and deportation due to their unemployed status. Wasim desperately searches for work, but is refused because he doesn't speak Arabic. Wasim and his friend join an Islamic school to learn Arabic to improve their employment prospects. While playing soccer they meet a charismatic Islamic fundamentalist cleric (Amr Waked) (the very same Egyptian man who earlier stole Robert Barnes's anti-tank missile) who eventually leads them to execute a suicide attack on a Connex-Killen LNG tanker using a shaped-charge explosive from the missing Tehran missile. Merger storyline Bennett Holiday meets with U.S. Attorney Donald Farish III (David Clennon), who is convinced that Killen bribed someone to get the drilling rights in Kazakhstan. While investigating Connex-Killen's records, Holiday discovers a wire transfer of funds that leads back to a transaction between Texas oilman Danny Dalton (Tim Blake Nelson) and Kazakh officials. Holiday tells Connex-Killen of his discovery and they pretend not to have known about it. Holiday advises Dalton, who makes a stirring defense of how corruption is simply the way of competition and how America "wins" against the rest of the corrupt world, that he will likely be charged with corruption to serve as a "body" to get the DOJ off the back of the rest of Connex-Killen. Farish then strong-arms Holiday into giving the DOJ information about illegal activities he has discovered. Holiday gives up Dalton but Farish says this is not enough. Holiday meets with ex-Killen chief Jimmy Pope (Chris Cooper) and informs him that the DOJ needs a second body to drop the investigation. Pope asks Holiday whether a person at Holiday's firm above him would be sufficient as the additional body. Holiday acknowledges that if the name were big enough, the DOJ would stop the investigation and allow the merger. Holiday is brought by his colleague and mentor Sydney Hewitt (Nicky Henson) to meet with the CEO of Connex-Killen, Leland "Lee" Janus (Peter Gerety). In a surprise move, Holiday reveals an under-the-table deal that Hewitt made while the Connex-Killen merger was being processed. Holiday has given Hewitt to the DOJ as the second body, thereby protecting the rest of Connex-Killen. Janus is able to attend the ceremony "oil industry man of the year" with a load taken off his shoulders. Throughout the film, Holiday has angrily crossed paths with his alcoholic father Bennett Sr.; at the movie's end when the merger has been completed, Bennett Jr. lets his apologetic-looking dad enter his house and shuts the door.
tt0089886
Comedy,Romance,Sci-Fi
The story opens with a promotional video featuring a new government weapon, the Crossbow aircraft, which is outfitted with a powerful laser. The laser has advanced accuracy that will allow it to vaporize any target from high altitudes. Though development of the plane itself is on track, the laser has yet to be completed. At a high school science competition, Mitch Taylor, 15, is approached by Dr Hathaway, who has been given the government's laser project. Mitch himself is a gifted student interested in working with laser technology. Hathaway tells Mitch and his parents that he wants Mitch to enroll at his university, Pacific Tech. Mitch's parents eagerly accept. Hathaway meets with a government official who tells him that the work on the laser is behind schedule and that the grant money he's gotten could be cut off. Mitch arrives at Pacific Tech and goes immediately to the lab where the laser is being developed. He finds the project's current leader, Kent, who dismisses him as a restaurant delivery boy. Kent is instantly abrasive with Mitch, asserting that he is Jerry's right-hand-man, until Jerry walks in & informs Kent and his toadies that Mitch is going to lead the project. Jerry also asks of the whereabouts of Chris Knight, one of Pac Tech's smartest students and whom Mitch will be working with. One of Kent's buddies tells Jerry that Chris has blown off his time in the lab. Mitch goes to his dorm room, finding it a cornucopia of odd decorations and objects, with clothes strewn about. He looks in his suitcase and finds his clothes are all missing. As he looks around, a strange and silent man enters the room, walks into the closet and closes the door behind him. Mitch opens the door and sees that the man has disappeared. When he turns around, he finds his roommate, Chris Knight himself, doing a handstand. Chris tells Mitch that Mitch reminds him of how he once was and that he requested Mitch be his roommate. Mitch realizes that Chris is not a button-down academic but more of a free-spirit who does everything he can to avoid responsibility but still exceeds academically. Chris meets with Jerry at his home - a large Victorian that he's clearly sprucing up with the government grant he's gotten. He tells Chris that, with Mitch's assistance, the laser will have to be five megawatts in power and must be finished by May. He also says he wants Christ to spend more time in the lab on the project. Chris and Mitch work on developing the laser while participating in the antics of the science dorm's students. Ick covers one of the hallways in ice, prompting the others to go sledding and skating. Mitch meets Jordan, a chatty, "hyperkinetic" woman who lives down the hall and claims she never sleeps. Kent walks in with a stack of research on the laser for Mitch to read and analyze and also informs Chris that Mitch's placement test scores were higher than Chris'. Chris doesn't seem to care anyway. The ice vaporizes a few minutes later and Ick scares Kent into his room when he gleefully exclaims that the steam might explode. Mitch soon begins to buckle under the pressure of his classwork and the laser research. He also gets frustrated when Chris doesn't seem to take the project seriously. While working in the lab together one night, Chris starts up the laser, which throws a beam all through the building and outdoors to the school auditorium where Chris has set up a lavish indoor beach party with female students from a local beauty tech school. He tells his friends to have a good time. Mitch is mostly uptight about the party until Jordan shows up to test out a new rebreathing system she's invented. However, Kent sees the party and immediately runs off to tell Jerry. When Jerry arrives, he harshly admonishes Mitch in front of the crowd. Mitch goes back to the lab and, too upset to work, storms out to an office and calls his parents. One of Kent's friends sees him and calls Kent and the rest of his toadies. They record Mitch's conversation. At lunch the next day, Chris finds Mitch and consoles him about Jerry's unfair reprimand. After Chris leaves, Mitch suddenly hears his conversation with his parents being broadcast over the PA system. He rushes back to the dorm and begins packing his things. Chris catches up with him and talks him into staying by relating his own experiences from high school: he too was a nerdy kid whom his parents insisted be sheltered from an ordinary and fun life. Chris was also envied and disliked by his fellow classmates and his teachers because he was plainly smarter than they were. He also talks about the man who hides in their closet: Laslo Hollyfeld, who was the star student at Pacific Tech in the 1970s and who suffered a breakdown, leaving him hiding in the steam tunnels under the dorm. By the time of their conversation, Mitch had found out where Hollyfeld's hideout was and had seem him printing out strange cards by the thousands. Mitch realizes that he can become a burnout like Hollyfeld very quickly and decides to loosen up. However, the first order of business is to get even with Kent. The two, with a little help from their friends, take Kent's prized 1972 Citroen and somehow sneak it into his dorm room. Kent is infuriated and promises to complain to Jerry about it after Mitch and Chris happily confess to the prank. Jerry receives further pressure from the government to complete the laser. He tells Chris that he won't let him graduate unless the laser is done ahead of schedule. Chris protests but is quickly shot down. Later, while he sits around looking despondent, Mitch finds him and tries to boost his spirits, saying they have to get even with Jerry. The two work long hours and seem on the verge of completing the project. Chris takes Jerry's final exam, passing the professor a note saying he aced it, however Jerry is obviously undeterred in his wish to fail Chris. In the lab, Kent sabotages Chris and Mitch's work, causing catastrophic failure. When he suggests later that he caused the meltdown, Chris throws a tantrum, causing the thermos of frozen nitrogen he keeps in the dorm freezer to clatter to the floor. Chris has an epiphany and rushes off to find Mitch. Chris later shows up at Jerry's house after hours and tells him he's solved the laser problem. He also discovers that Jerry was in the midst of a tryst with the daughter of one of the government officials overseeing the project. They go to the lab where Mitch and Chris show how they solved the problem with a new type of freezing technology that blasts through the solid steel target, the brick wall behind it through a statue and a few trees, even off campus to the marquis of a local biker bar. Jerry is overjoyed, and offers Chris a lucrative job with a high tech company, a job he was going to offer to Kent. Jerry quickly leaves the lab, over Kent's protests. While they all celebrate at the biker bar, Laslo asks them about the laser and the power level they achieved. He also asks about the applications of such a laser and they all realize with horror that they were working on a military project the whole time. Back at the lab, they find the laser is gone. They only have one lead: Kent, whom they think may know where Jerry took the unit. They knock Kent out in his dorm room with sleeping gas and rig his braces with a microphone and speaker. Pretending to be the voice of Jesus, Mitch asks Kent what he knows about the theft of the unit. The team begins to surveil Jerry, discovering he's gone to a nearby Air Force base. They craft fake ID cards for Mitch and Chris, who steal onto the base and find their invention in a fighter plane. When they connect via modem with Laslo at his hideout, Laslo is able to help them change the coordinates of the target for the laser's test. They're forced to rush out of the plane when Jerry shows up for a final inspection. The next day, Jerry oversees the test of the laser. The gang waits at Jerry's house. Chris has called in one of the university's high-ranking deans and a United States senator. They all hide when Kent, ordered to the house by Mitch's Jesus voice, walks up to the house. The test proceeds and the laser fires, completely missing it's intended target, the beam blasting its way into Jerry's foyer. Inside, Kent has found a huge aluminum foil tub full of popcorn that the beam hits. The popcorn expands and begins to destroy the house, tumbling Kent harmlessly out the front door. When Jerry tracks the location of the shot, he sees his house falling apart. Laslo shows up in an brand new RV and a trailer towing all the prizes he won with the contest tickets he'd been churning out. He remarks that this math may have been off and that they may have used too much popcorn in their prank. The gang celebrates their victory while the local kids all play in the popcorn. Jerry returns to his house later, upset that it's been trashed.
tt0274558
Drama,Romance
The film begins with British writer Virginia Woolf (Nicole Kidman) putting stones inside her pockets before drowning herself (in real life, she walked in to the River Ouse on 28th March 1941). Laura Brown (Julianne Moore) lives in 1951 in a wealthy Los Angeles suburb. Her husband, Dan Brown (John C. Reilly) is having a birthday. While he's at work, she makes a chocolate cake for him. Their son, Richie (Jack Rovello), asks if he can help her with it. As he sifts the flour, he wants to know why they are making the cake. "So Daddy will know we love him?" he asks. She answers yes and then he asks, "He won't know it, if we don't?" She answers him, "no". She is heavily pregnant with their second child. She is also reading a hardback copy of Mrs Dalloway, which is considered Virginia Woolf's best novel. Clarissa Vaughan (Meryl Streep) lives in modern 2001 New York and is planning a party for her prize-winning poet and close friend, Richard Brown (Ed Harris). Rich has been suffering AIDS for many years. He's a celebrated poet, and Clarissa is his editor. Clarissa worries about Richard a lot, and takes care of him as if she were his mother. Back at home, when she is preparing the party almost on her own, she has trouble with her girlfriend Sally Lester (Allison Janney), who has been unfaithful to her for some time. Several people appear for the party: Clarissa's daughter Julia (Claire Danes) and the most cherished of Richard's ex-boyfriends, Louis (Jeff Daniels), who has another relationship with a younger man but who is still a bit sad and melancholic. Back to the UK, where Virginia has just started to write a novel. She and her husband Leonard Woolf (Stephen Dillane) have moved to a village outside London, because London's hectic and frenzy life has affected Virginia's psychological health. She had tried to commit suicide twice, and used to hear voices. Leonard is busy with his printing press business, but he watches over her tenderly. One sunny day they are visited by Vanessa (Miranda Richardson), Viriginia's sister, and her two sons Quentin and Julian (George Loftus and Charley Ramm) and daughter Angelica (Sophie Wyburd). They are talkative and full of life, but their visit causes some anxiety to Virginia. To have lunch and tea prepared as she wants, having to force the cook and main maid Nelly Boxall (Linda Bassett) to travel to London to buy some things and then travel back is an ordeal to the lady of the house. Virginia has problems to make herself obeyed by their servants, especially by pushy Nelly. In real life, many pages on Woolf's diary were about Nelly, a person she used to fear so much that she wouldn't even dare to give the sack. This time Virginia had to be obeyed. Angelica finds a dead bird recently deceased at the Woolfs' garden. They bury it with much pomp, and this puts a bigger strain on Virginia's damaged emotions. At the end of the day, the four visitors go back to London merrily and Virginia and Leonard stay at home. Back in LA, Laura's friend, Kitty (Toni Collette) stops by. Laura complains about the cake not turning out right for her husband's birthday. Kitty says she doesn't understand why and that baking is easy to do. Kitty then says that it's ok, that everyone has different things that their good at. Kitty is dressed perfectly and seems to have the perfect life. Laura learns that Kitty is about to have surgery performed, as she is seriously ill, and that's why she couldn't have any children. Kitty starts to let her guard down and seems to get emotional over her problem. Laura and Kitty kiss each other. However, Kitty behaves and talks as though nothing had happened. After Kitty leaves, Laura throws the first cake away and then makes a perfect one. Meanwhile, Richie is sitting quietly while he watches his mother. She stops, looks at him and asks, "What?" while he looks on. She then takes him to a neighbor's (Margo Martindale) while she goes out, which Richie highly protests to. She proceeds to drive around. She sees the sign for a hotel and decides to book in. There, she takes out all the medicines that she took from the cabinet in the bathroom from her home and puts them on the bedside table next to her. She puts herself on top of the perfectly-made bed and reads Mrs Dalloway but falls alseep whilst reading her book. For her, death is like a flood, a river overgrown which will drown her from under the hotel bed. Suddenly she wakes up. She has just decided that she will wait for her second child to be born and then she will leave her family. When she comes back home as though nothing special had happened, Richie knows that she's lying. That night, Laura's husband dines with his family and eats the cake. He is a contented quiet men and says that the cake is delicious, and appreciates the fact that Laura has done it. He talks of how perfect his birthday was thanks to his family. In New York, Richard Brown (Laura's older son, now a grown-up man) wants to skip the party. He tells Clarissa that she has been the only reason he had to live, but that now, she has to let him go. Clarissa is a lesbian, but she wonders if she is still in love with Richard. However Clarissa is not strong enough to prevent Richard from jumping from the window. Instead of a party, she has to prepare Richard's funeral. Richard's mother, Laura Brown appears. She has become -according to Julia- a sweet old lady, not the monster as late Richard Brown used to describe her. Laura tells how she moved to Canada to lead an independent life as a librarian in Canada, but she won't apologise for the hurt she has caused to her family because her pain doesn't make any difference now to her late husband (who died of cancer) and children (her younger daughter had also died). In the UK, Virginia has changed her mind: her character Mrs Dalloway won't die, another character in her novel, a rambling poet married to his lonely Italian nurse, will do so. When Leonard asks her why somebody must die in her novels, she tells him "so that we all appreciate life." Anyway, Virginia tries to run away to London, but Leonard catches her while she is waiting at the train station. Virginia talks to him, and Leonard can't put up with her anymore: he promises they will be back to London soon. As the audience knows, Virginia will end up committing suicide there. And that's how the film ends: as it has begun, with Virginia Woolf committing suicide. In real life, she wrote some other novels after Mrs Dalloway and before committing suicide.
tt1588173
Comedy,Horror,Romance
The movie starts with R explaining that he is a zombie but doesn't remember who he was or how he became a zombie or how he ended up at the airport. He wanders around and shows you his life. Julie is with a group of youths, about to go outside the safe walls of the city to retrieve some much needed pharmaceuticals. She tries to grab her boyfriend, Perry's hand but he pulls away. They watch a video about how the zombies are dead, they do not feel, they do not bleed, they are not human anymore and proceed to the outside world. R tells his best friend, M, that he is hungry so they embark on a journey towards the city. Julie and her friends are in the drug store when R and his friends burst in to eat them. R is immediately taken by Julie. She sees him but decides not to shoot and aims towards another zombie. Perry shoots R so R attacks and kills him. He reveals that if he eats the body, Perry will come back as a zombie, but if he eats the brain, he will gain Perry's memories and it tastes a lot better. So he eats the brain and we are sent into a land of Perry's memories as a child and his first love, Julie. After R has had enough, he stashes some of Perrys brain in his jacket and goes to protect Julie. He can see that she will be overrun soon. She throws a knife into his chest but he pulls if out and continues towards her. He rubs blood over her face and tells her she will be safe and leads her to follow him. The other zombies don't notice her because they think she is one of them. Julie cries while she follows R back through the airport and back to his plane. He has it filled with all sorts of random items that he liked and records of various artists. He tries to tell her she will be safe. She holds a knife and fears for the worst. He covers her with a blanket and puts on a song she might like. In the morning she complains about being hungry. R goes out to find her some real food. She sees the advantage and tries to run. Quickly, she sees many other zombies and they are smelling the air noticing that an alive human is nearby. R grabs her and tells her to act dead. He leads her back to the airplane and explains that she needs to stay a few days or else the other zombies will notice. He says they will forget in a few days. The two gather some food for Julie and go for a joy ride. They try to play games and listen to music. Julie is increasingly bewildered by R. His heart has been beating now for a couple of days and he continues to eat Perry's brian to see his memories. He is disturbed by the memory of Perry dying at the hands of R. When he wakes, he sees that Julie has fled again. He finds her trying to fight off a group of corpses including his best friend. He beats them off. M tells him that living are for eating R disagrees and they run off together. They are cut off by a group of bonies, which care not for life or love. M saves them and tells them to jump on and he will take them to safety. They agree and he leads them back to the car they had driven before. Other zombies are there. Julie grabs R's hand and the zombies are taken aback by this occurrence of feeling. They let them pass and hold off the bonies from attacking. It starts to rain and eventually Julie can't stand the cold any longer. They pull into a neighborhood and find her some food and a Polaroid camera to play with. Julie asks R to sleep on the floor next to her and undresses to dry her clothes. R finally falls asleep and has a dream about being with the humans and hoping for a future. He wakes to find that Julie has left him there and taken the car. He begins to walk back towards the airport and vows to never think or feel again. It starts to rain and R feels cold for the first time since becoming a zombie. Julie runs out of gas and has to walk the rest of the way, although she looks back for R. She is stopped at the city gates but proceeds inside after being tested and hugging her father. R, on his way back to the airport, runs into M and a group of zombies. M tells him that he has had dreams and started to feel again. But that they cannot return home because the bonies want to destroy them all now. R leads them to the secret exit from the city that he learned about during one of Perry's memories and tells them to wait. He goes forward alone. Julie is in her bedroom telling Nora about her zombie friend. She admits to missing him. Soon she is out on the balcony and R yells out her name much like Romeo and Juliet. She sees him and Nora comes running out to find out what all the commotion is about. They let him in and lead him upstairs. They decide to tell Julie's Dad, Grigio, about R and how he was changing. The girls give R a make over so that he could blend in with the crowd. They go to a secret meeting of Julie's father. The town has noticed large groups of corpses and bonies heading their direction. Julie tries to explain that the zombies are changing and are on their side. Grigio refuses to listen. R jumps out and tries to tell him. He is about to shoot R when Nora holds a gun to his head so Julie and R can escape. Julie and R are running when they come across some bonies. R fights them off. Meanwhile, the humans are running towards the fight when they see that the zombies are already attacking the bonies. M says hello to the humans so they decide to only attack the bonies. R protects Julie from a long fall and almost dies himself. The two kiss and realize how amazing they are together and kiss again. Grigio shoots R in the chest and proclaims that the next shot will be through his head. Julie stands in front of him to defend him. She points out that he is bleeding and corpses don't bleed. Grigio has been getting reports all day about zombies helping in the fight and refraining from attacking the living. He decides to take a chance on R. The humans and zombies kill all the bonies and eventually the city walls come down. The zombies slowly learn how to be alive again and the humans learn how to tolerate and teach them. M realizes that his name was Marcus. R still can't remember his name but prefers R anyway. He and Julie hold hands while they watch the city walls fall.
tt0852713
Comedy,Romance
Shelley Darlington (Anna Faris) is a Playboy Bunny living the life of luxury. The day after her twenty-seventh birthday, she awakes to find a note from Hugh Hefner asking her to pack up and leave. Saddened, she hits the road looking for a new life, and she happens to see girls who remind her of herself: beautiful and fun. She immediately follows them and sees that they live in luxury ,too. She tells them her situation and asks to join, not knowing that they are in a sorority, and is rejected because she is not a student -- and because the fact that the girls are completely stuck up. She sees there are ladies that watch over the girls and live there also; but, after asking to join them, she is rejected again. Shelley then finds another sorority, Zeta Alpha Zeta, whose members are socially awkward and reject her, too: all except Natalie (Emma Stone), a bespectled virgin who tries her best to lead the Zetas. And once the Zetas see that Shelley is able to attract boys and friends, their antipathy changes. She turns the girls around and teaches them everything they need to know to surpass the other girls. During this process, she meets Oliver (Colin Hanks), and although she can teach everyone else how to flirt, she has to get help from her new "students" in order to interact with him successfully. As the girls of Shelley's sorority become more popular on campus, they realize that they have changed themselves too much to please other people -- and they blame Shelley for that. Just then, the Playboy Mansion calls Shelley to tell her that she was set up and that they never wanted her to leave. It would seem perfect for her to go back to her old life; but when she tries, she sees she cares far too much for her girls, who have come to care for her as well. Shelley decides to fix the devastation that the Phi Iota Mus have wrecked upon the Zeta Alpha Zetas while she was gone, and, with help from everyone, she succeeds. The Zetas, who have decided to try to be a cross between themselves and Shelley's suggestions, also play matchmaker, and manage to fix Shelley up with Oliver.
tt0097493
Comedy,Crime
Veronica is part of the most popular clique at school, made up of Heather Duke, Heather McNamara and led by Heather Chandler. Tired of the way Heather Chandler bullies and controls everyone Veronica wishes she was dead so that she could free to do as she wants instead of what Heather Chandler wants. Veronica then meets J.D, a dark rebel, who says they should teach Heather Chandler a lesson by making her drink drain cleaner. Heather Chandler does and dies from chemical poisoning instantly. To cover up the murder J.D tells Veronica to write suicide note in Heather Chandler's handwriting. The cruelty and bullying doesn't stop however, as Heather Duke merely replaces Heather Chandler as leader, and her suicide is seen as glamorous and cool. J.D then tricks Veronica into shooting two of the football players, Kurt and Ram, who were harassing her, and covering it up with another suicide note that says they were secretly gay. Veronica becomes scared of J.D realises that he intended to kill them while she just wanted to scare them. His next plan is to kill Heather Duke, but Veronica wants no part of it, so instead he plans to blow up the school, after everyone has sign a "petition" which is actually a group suicide note. Veronica shoots J.D forcing him to leave the bomb in the school and go outside where he then straps the bomb to himself. Veronica watches as he blows himself up, and then returns inside to confront Heather Duke. She tells Heather Duke "there's a new sheriff in town" and walks off talks to the school nerd, suggesting that she will now be leader of the school.
tt1702439
Drama,Romance,Thriller
In suburban Boston, a young woman (Julianne Hough) leaves her house after being shown in possession of a bloody knife. She is shown moments later buying a bus ticket, her hair now cropped and bleached, and stops at a small town called Southport, North Carolina. At the general store, she introduces herself as 'Katie'. After acquiring a job as a waitress and buying a small house on the edge of town, Katie befriends her next door neighbor, Jo (Cobie Smulders) and meets Alex Wheatley, (Josh Duhamel), the manager of a local convenience store, and his two children, Lexie and Josh. Alex's wife tragically died of cancer a few years prior. Alex immediately takes a liking to Katie, doing small helpful things, such as leaving an old bicycle at her house. They go on a 'family' trip to the beach, and Alex asks her to go canoeing with him, after which, they fell in love with each other. Lexie immediately accepts Katie, while Josh is initially resistant, believing Katie to be his late mother's replacement, but eventually accepts her as well. Meanwhile, Kevin Tierney (David Lyons), a Boston police officer, searches for Katie and, using his authority as a police officer, sends out reports saying that she is a wanted murderer. Upon seeing her picture in the police station, Alex confronts Katie and becomes angry that she didn't trust him enough to even tell him her real name, Erin. The picture flashes to Kevin's boss confronting him at work, pointing out he always carries a water bottle that turns out to be filled with vodka, and reveals that Erin was Kevin's wife. Erin/Katie was an abused wife of an alcoholic and sociopath police officer whom she left after he physically beat her a few too many times. Directly afterward, Katie is shown packing while talking angrily with Jo. Alex drives over to Katie's house to talk to her, only to discover that she left. He drives to the nearest ferry and admits he's fallen in love with her and promises to protect her no matter what. Initially, Katie wants to flee but then she decides to stay in Southport and she and Alex help prepare the town for the upcoming Fourth of July celebration. Later, Katie tells Alex that Kevin is her husband, whom she stabbed with a kitchen knife in order to protect herself from his drunken assault. Meanwhile, Kevin breaks into Katie's former neighbor`s home back in Boston and finds the phone number to the Southport restaurant that employs Katie. He finds the location and makes his way there, very noticeably drunk. Arriving just on time for the Fourth of July parade, Kevin begins his search for Katie through the crowd, belligerent and determined to confront her. He finally finds Katie and watches from a distance her dancing with Alex and watches as he leans over to kiss her, which makes him angry. Later, Katie has a dream that she is standing on the docks watching the fireworks when Jo comes up and tells Katie that "he" is here. Katie wakes up in the convenience store next to a fast asleep Lexie. While she is walking around in the store, Kevin makes his appearance and confronts her, drunk and sobbing and asking her to talk. He asks her to come back to Boston with him, but she refuses and tells him to leave. He pulls out a revolver while Katie asks Lexie to stay up in the second floor of the store, scared that she might see Kevin and become frightened. Meanwhile, Kevin is pouring gasoline all over the store, with the intention of burning it down with Katie inside. He sits down on the steps with a lighter, deep in thought, and Katie fakes sympathy for him and agrees to return home with him, only to push him into the water by surprise. However, a firework spark lands on the gasoline, igniting a fire that spreads all over the store. Alex, busy shooting off fireworks, sees the burning store and quickly makes his way across the lake by boat. He stands on the dock, pleading with Lexie to jump into his arms. After a brief hesitation, she finally does. Meanwhile, Katie is wrestling with a soaked Kevin who is attempting to shoot her. After a long struggle on the ground with Kevin holding the gun and Katie desperately trying to keep him from pointing it her head, she makes one last desperate grab at the gun and it goes off, killing Kevin. Soon after, Alex finds Katie and they embrace. In the aftermath, Alex rifles through a desk, whose contents were spared from the fire, belonging to his late wife, where he finds multiple letters she prepared ahead of time for memorable events such as Josh's eighteenth birthday and Lexie's wedding day. Alex gives Katie a letter with the words "To Her" on the envelope. The letter talks about how if someone is receiving this letter, then Alex loves her without a shadow of a doubt. She says she is thankful for whoever is now reading the letter and thanks the reader for making Alex feel young and in love again. The movie ends by revealing that Jo, who had supposedly left town moments before, was actually the ghost of Alex's late wife.
tt1707386
Drama,History,Musical
[This version is a close adaptation of the Broadway stage musical with the dialogue entirely in song] In 1815 France, convict Jean Valjean (Hugh Jackman) is released on parole by prison guard Javert (Russell Crowe) after serving a 19-year sentence for stealing a loaf of bread as well as repeated escape attempts. After several months of drifting around France, Valjean is offered food and shelter by the Bishop of Digne (Colm Wilkinson), but steals his silver during the night. He is caught by the authorities, but the Bishop lies by saying that the silver was given as a gift, and secures Valjean's release. Touched by the Bishop's love, grace and generosity, Valjean breaks his parole and vows to start an honest life under a new identity. Javert swears he will bring the escaped convict to justice. Eight years later in 1823, Valjean has become a wealthy factory owner and mayor of the small town of Montreuil-sur-Mer. A young woman named Fantine (Anne Hathaway), one of his workers, is discovered to be sending money to her illegitimate daughter, Cosette (Isabelle Allen), who lives with the unscrupulous Thnardiers (Sacha Baron Cohen and Helena Bonham Carter) and their daughter ponine (Natalya Angel Wallace), and is dismissed by the foreman (Michael Jibson). Left with no alternative, Fantine turns to prostitution. During an argument with an abusive customer, Javert, now a police inspector, arrests Fantine, but Valjean intercedes and takes her to a hospital where she is diagnosed with a terminal case of tuberclosis. Later, Valjean learns that a man believed to be him has been arrested. Unable to condemn an innocent man, Valjean reveals his identity to the court before departing for the hospital. There he promises to a dying Fantine that he will look after her daughter. After Fantine dies, Javert arrives at the hospital and attempts to arrest Valjean. But Valjean escapes and finds Cosette at the Thnardiers brothel/halfway house. Valjean bribes the couple to allow him to take Cosette away. After Valjean confides in Cosette about her mother passing away, he promises to be like a father to her. Valjean makes contact with the Bishop of Digne who agrees to give him and Cosette new idenities to hide from the authorities. Nine years later in June of 1833, Jean Maximilien Lamarque, the only government official sympathetic toward the poor, is nearing death. Students Marius Pontmercy (Eddie Redmayne) and Enjolras (Aaron Tveit), together with street urchin Gavroche (Daniel Huttlestone), discuss fomenting a revolution to overthrow the government. Later Marius catches a glimpse of Cosette (Amanda Seyfried), now a young woman, and instantly falls in love with her. Meanwhile, despite Cosette's questioning, Valjean refuses to tell her about his past or anything about her late mother, Fantine. At a caf, Enjolras organises a group of idealistic students as Lamarque's death is announced. Meanwhile, ponine (Samantha Barks), now Marius's friend, leads him to Cosette, where the two profess their love for one another. Lamenting that her secret love for Marius will never be reciprocated, ponine fatalistically decides to join the revolution. Later, an attempted robbery of Valjean's house makes him mistakenly believe that Javert has discovered him, and he flees with Cosette. As they leave, Enjolras rallies the Parisians to revolt, and Cosette sends a farewell letter to Marius. The next day, the students interrupt Lamarque's funeral procession and begin their assault. Javert poses as a rebel in order to spy on them, but is quickly exposed by Gavroche and captured. During the ensuing gunfight, ponine saves Marius at the cost of her own life, professing her love to him before she dies, which leaves Marius devastated at the loss of his best friend. Valjean, intercepting a letter from Marius to Cosette, goes to the barricade to protect Marius. After saving Enjolras from snipers, he is allowed to execute Javert. However, when the two are alone, Valjean chooses to free Javert instead and fires his gun to fake the execution. Initially disbelieving, Javert wonders at Valjean's generosity. With the majority of the Parisians not joining the revolution as the students expected, they resolve to fight to the death. Everyone is killed by government troops in the final assault on the street barricades, but Marius is saved when Valjean drags his unconscious body into the sewers. Thnardier, scavenging the dead bodies, steals Marius's ring. Valjean recovers and escapes the sewers carrying Marius, but is confronted at the exit by Javert. Javert threatens to shoot Valjean if he refuses to surrender, but Valjean ignores him. Unable to reconcile the conflict between his civil and moral duties, two things which he always considered the same, Javert commits suicide by jumping off a bridge into the Seine river. Later, Marius mourns for his friends but Cosette comforts him. Revealing his past to Marius, Valjean tells him he must leave because his presence endangers Cosette, and makes Marius promise never to tell her. A few months later, Marius and Cosette marry; the Thnardiers crash the reception and testify that they saw Valjean carrying a murdered corpse through the sewers. Thnardier unwittingly shows Marius the ring that he stole from him as "proof." Recognising the ring, Marius realises that it was Valjean who saved his life. Marius and Cosette rush to Valjean after being told his location by Thnardier. As Valjean sits dying in a local convent from his long-term heart condition, he perceives the spirit of Fantine appearing to take him to Heaven. Cosette and Marius rush in to bid farewell. Valjean hands Cosette his confession of his past life, and the spirits of Fantine and the Bishop guide him to paradise, where he joins the spirits of Enjolras, ponine, Gavroche, and the other rebels at the Barricade on the rue Soufflot.
tt0376541
Drama,Romance
Dan (Jude Law) is a young writer walking down a street in downtown London. He spots a young woman (Natalie Portman) with short red-dyed hair walking in the opposite direction and they make eye contact and begin to smile at one another. Not being used to cars driving on the left side of the road in the UK, she steps into traffic after looking the wrong way and gets hit by a car. Dan runs to her side and she looks up and says "Hello, stranger." She isn't badly hurt (aside from a bruised left knee and some cuts and bruises), and Dan takes her to the hospital where they start to get to know each other. As they're leaving the hospital, they pass by a park that Dan remembers from when he was little. They pass a wall and notice that it has the names of firemen, policemen, or anyone else who has given their life to save another person. They get on the bus and continue their conversation. We learn that Dan is a wanna-be writer who daylights as an obituary writer. The young American woman introduces herself as 'Alice Ayres'. She claims that she is a stripper from New York City who has come to London to leave a bad relationship. They finally arrive at Dan's office. He says goodbye and starts to leave and then turns around. When asked if he has a girlfriend, he says "yes". One Year Later. Dan is having his photo taken in a small artist studio by Anna (Julia Roberts). Dan and Alice are living together, and Dan has written a novel about his romantic life with Alice. Anna is taken his photo for the dust jacket of his recently published book. Anna is an American photographer who mainly takes portraits of strangers. She mentions that she likes to go to the aquarium and possibly take photos of people there. She reveals to Dan that she's currently separated from her husband. He learns that shes read his book and likes it. They kiss one another and she learns that he's got a girlfriend and the book is based on her. She ends the kiss at the point, while he's professing that he likes her a lot and needs to see her. She tells him to get over it. At this point the doorbell buzzes and its Alice, who has come to meet Dan having just gotten off her job at a local coffee shop. He lets her up to the studio where she and Anna meet (Note: Alice's hair is slightly longer and is now in its natural medium brown color). Alice asks Anna to take her photograph and Dan leaves so the two of them can be alone. She begins to take her photo and Alice reveals that she heard their conversation on the intercom when she was downstairs. She turns away and Anna begins to apologize. Alice turns back with tears in her eyes and yells at Anna to take the picture. A little later, Dan is in his apartment on his computer. He's in a sex chat room and has logged on as a woman for a joke. He meets another man on the web whose name is Larry (Clive Owen). He's a dermatologist and a sex addic logging on while at work. When he asks Dan for a name, he tells him 'Anna'. They write some hot and heavy stuff back to one another and Dan offers to meet Larry in person as a joke. He tells him to meet him at the aquarium. Larry goes there the next day and Anna is there as a coincidence. He approaches her and they discover that Dan has played a joke on him. He's embarrassed, she's amused, and they start to hit it off. Four months later. Dan and Alice are getting ready to go to Anna's art exhibition. We also learn that Dan's father has just passed away, and Dan is going to the funeral in the countryside after the art exhibition. Alice wants to go with him and support him, but he wants to be alone. They go to the exhibition and see the photo that Anna took of Alice with tears in her eyes. While Alice is looking at it, she meets Larry. They have a brief discussion where Alice and Larry have a mild flirtation, and she learns that Larry and Anna are dating when she comes over and greets Larry. During the conversation between the four of them, Dan is clearly still infatuated with Anna, and she tells him and Alice how she and Larry met, and that they call him 'cupid'. We also learn that Dan's book failed and he is once again an obituary writer. A little later, Dan puts Alice in a taxi cab outside the building, pretending that he's heading straight to the funeral, when actually he goes back to talk to Anna again. Another Year Later. Dan comes into his apartment at first telling Alice that he's been at a business dinner. Finally, he admits that he's been seeing Anna and that they've been having an affair since the evening at the art exhibition. At the same time, Anna is in her apartment with Larry. They are married now and Larry has just returned from a business trip. She doesn't tell him anything at first. Larry says he can't stand lying to her and admits that he slept with a prostitute on his trip. She simply tells him it's OK and then it comes out that she's been having an affair with Dan. Larry is furious and asks her why she bothered to marry him. She says she tried to end it with Dan when she and Larry decided to get married, but it started up again. Larry wants explicit details about her and Dan and she gives them to him. He's furious and tells her to leave. Back at Dan's apartment, Alice is heartbroken and in tears. Dan tries to comfort her and apologizes for hurting her. She leaves the apartment and he has no idea where she's gone. Six Months Later. Larry enters a strip club for a drink and he spots Alice, who's working there as a stripper wearing a skimpy top, G-string and a pink wig. He arranges a private dance with her in room. She gives him one willingly. Afterwards, she flirts and smiles and tells him her name is 'Jane Jones' as part of the act. Larry is torn up about his recent divorce proceedings from Anna and gets frustrated that Alice plays with him and won't take him seriously. He says he wants to sleep with her and she tells him "no". Then he asks for a more intimate look at her, she does what he asks. A Few Months Later. Anna is rushing to meet Dan at a music concert. She apologizes for being late. They sit to have a drink and we learn that she met Larry earlier in the day to have him sign the divorce papers. A few moments later, Dan guesses that Anna slept with Larry that day, and he was right. A flashback shows the meeting earlier, and Larry saying that he will sign the divorce papers if she'll sleep with him one last time, she agrees. Anna says she did it to end the whole thing and that all Larry got was her body. Dan is still upset. Another Few Months Later. Dan storms into Larry's office and angrily reveals that Anna has left him and is back with Larry. Dan tries to confront him and claim that this is all Larry's fault, when Larry reveals that Anna never did file the divorce papers. She is back with Larry because she's doomed to be in rocky relationships because she's a depression junky, but he loves her all the same and wants to be with her. Larry is at first angry with Dan and then begins to pity him because Dan is truly heartbroken and starts to cry. He tells Dan to go back to Alice, and Dan reveals that he doesn't know where she is. Larry tells him about the strip club and assures him that he didn't sleep with Alice when he saw her there. As Dan is leaving, Larry tells Dan that in truth, he did sleep with Alice. Dan goes to the strip club and sees Alice dancing on the stage. They both make eye contact with each other and seem to appear happy to see each other once again. Alice and Dan are in a hotel room near Heathrow Airport. They seem really happy together. She's planning to return to New York and has decided to take him with her as a treat. Alice notes that this is the day when they first met on that London street corner which was four years ago, and Dan remarks how time flies by so fast. Dan asks Alice if she slept with Larry, and she tells him that she didn't. He demands to know the truth. Eventually he leaves the room to get cigarettes and asks Alice for the truth when he gets back. He turns around on his way out and returns to Alice with a flower. She tells him that she's not in love with him anymore. She tells him she stopped loving him just now because he kept pressing about Larry. Finally she admits the truth: she and Larry did sleep together that night after they ran into each other at the strip club. Dan tells her he has known all along and has forgiven her already. He tells her that it doesn't matter and he loves her, but she's fed up and tells him to leave. She starts yelling at him and he slaps her. Shocked by this outburst of violence, Dan leaves the hotel room. Alice arrives back in New York by herself. At the same time, Dan has remained in London. He passes the park from the first day they met and notices one of the names on the wall is 'Alice Ayres'. Back in New York, when "Alice" is going through immigration, we see that her real name on her passport is Jane Jones (the name she had given Larry when he had pressed her for her real name in the strip club). Jane/Alice walks down a busy street in New York, and then she crosses a street against the "Don't Walk" signal, reminding us of the opening scene when she carelessly crossed a street in London, was struck by a taxi, and met Dan. Nonetheless, she is back in her home country, to face an uncertain future... alone.
tt1673434
Adventure,Drama,Fantasy
Bella awakens to a new world. Her senses are sharpened, she's beautiful and she's strong - strong enough to make even Edward wince at the enthusiasm of her embrace. Bella wants to see her baby but as a newborn vampire, she is also blood-thirsty and Edward suggests that she hunts and feeds before she sees their baby. During the hunt, Bella is distracted by the unexpected presence of a rock-climber. When the climber skins his knee on the rocks, causing it to ooze blood, Bella starts to lose control, and rushes up the rock to get to him. Edwards follows, trying to persuade her to go back. Although she can feel the thirst for blood burning in her throat, Bella's will power and self-control prove so strong that she is able to throw herself off the rock into a lake to discontinue pursuit. Bella then begins to stalk a small deer. She sees a mountain lion with the intent to feed on the deer as well, so she attacks and feeds off the mountain lion. Well-fed, she returns to the Cullen home, anxious to see her baby. Jacob meets her outside and expresses concern that Bella isn't ready, much to Bella's annoyance. Jacob insists that Bella get used to his smell for the well being of the baby. Bella is confused by this and Edward shakes his head at Jacob, warning him to not tell Bella that he has imprinted on Renesmee. Bella realizes now that Jacob, being a wolf, really does smell bad to her. Edward assures Jacob that Bella can handle meeting Renesmee and Bella is at last reunited with her. Renesmee puts her hand on Bella's cheek and shows her first memory to Bella. Jacob is still fretting and the entire clan watches with varying degrees of amusement as Bella learns that Jacob has imprinted on Renesmee and is thus bonded with her for life. Angrily, she confronts Jacob, who tries to reason with her. She shoves him and tells him that he doesn't have any rights to her child. Seth and Leah, in their wolf forms, try to defend Jacob, and Bella angrily knocks Seth into a tree when he moves to protect Jake. She is instantly contrite. Jake finally manages to persuade Bella that he only wants to see Renesmee safe and happy, and it all makes sense now, why Jacob and Bella could've never been together, and why Bella wanted to be around Jacob so much during her pregnancy -- it was Renesmee who wanted him near, the entire time. Although still displeased, Bella is able to force herself to accept that even she can't force Jacob and Renesmee apart. As a wedding gift, the Cullens have renovated a cottage on the property for Bella and Edward to give them some privacy. They again make love, which Bella enjoys even more as a vampire. Bella wonders why they would ever want to stop making love since it feels so great, especially since they never have to stop to take a breath or sleep. They return to the Cullen's and the phone is ringing. It's Charlie; he has been calling twice a day. Bella misses Charlie, and is saddened when Carlisle points out that the kindest thing to do would be to tell Charlie that she has died so he can grieve. Emmett remarks how he is going to miss Forks and Carlisle responds that they always return. Jacob is taken aback by the prospect of losing Renesmee, and argues that they cannot leave Forks. The Cullens see no other way around the problem. Jacob takes the matter into his own hands by exposing himself as a werewolf to Charlie - Charlie is embarrassed and alarmed as Jacob awkwardly as begins to strip with a fumbling explanation, and shocked when he then turns into a wolf. Jacob explains that Bella has also undergone an "unusual" change but wants to have him in her life, if he can handle it. Edward is angry when Jacob tells them what he has done, reminding Jacob that Bella is a newborn vampire, and that Jacob's actions may have endangered Charlie. With hurried coaching from her new family, Bella is taught to fake blink, breathe and move slowly. Bella manages to control her blood thirst when Charlie visits and act almost normal, telling him only what he needs to know, even though he realizes that she has changed. He is hurt and confused since his daughter looks like his daughter but doesn't. When they embrace, he notices her cold body. They introduce Renesmee as a niece that they have adopted, but Charlie isn't buying it -- he realizes that she has Bella's eyes. He agrees that he does not need to know and falls in love with his "special" grandchild. After Charlie leaves, Emmett jokingly remarks that Bella seems too tame to be a true newborn. But Bella proves she has the physical strength of a newborn by besting Emmett in arm wrestling, and then smashing a huge boulder as the other Cullens watch in amusement. In a matter of weeks, Renesmee can talk and grows big enough to walk and hunt, which is a matter of concern for the family, because they fear she will age too quickly and die. Every moment is precious. When Bella and Jacob take Renesmee to catch snowflakes, Irina, a sister of the Denali clan, sees Renesmee from a distance, and mistakes her for an "immortal child," a child that has been made a vampire -- one of the highest crimes under Volturi law, because immortal children are undisciplined, never become mature, and can slaughter whole villages in one outburst of emotion. This would make it impossible to hide the existence of vampires from humankind. Bella is troubled that Irina refuses to speak to them and flees at Bella's approach, but Bella shrugs it off after Esme points out that Irina may have just been offended at the sight of Jacob in his wolf form. But later, Alice foresees the Volturi marching to destroy Renesmee and the whole Cullen clan. When she notes that Irina was with the Volturi, Edward puts everything together and realizes that Irina reported the Cullens to the Volturi. Shortly after, Sam shows up with a handwritten note from Alice. Sam explains that Alice and Jasper received permission to cross through Quileute land to the ocean. The note Alice wrote tells Bella and the Cullens that they should gather witnesses to vouch for Renesmee, because the Volturi will appear when the snowfall sticks. Alice and Jasper's disappearance frightens the family, who is afraid that Alice left because she foresaw their doom. Later, Bella is reading the note, and seeing that it was written on the back of a page from the book 'Merchant of Venice,' she realizes Alice took the page from Bella's own copy of the book. Consulting it, she finds a cryptic note that reads, 'J. Jenks, Seattle- destroy this.' Bella understands that Alice meant for Bella alone to see that hidden note, because her mind alone would be safe from Aro. Bella makes an appointment with J. Jenks and meets him at a restaurant -- private, yet public; Mr. Jenks is sufficiently wary of the Cullens to protect himself. She discovers that Jasper has ordered fake passports for Jake and Renesmee, as well as a driving license and birth certificates. Bella realizes, with dismay, that Alice has foreseen her and Edward's death and this is Alice's way of protecting Renesmee. To stop the Volturi, the Cullens decide to call in their friends from around the world to witness that Renesmee is not an immortal child, but is half-human with a heart beat. Friends come from all over -- Ireland, Egypt, India, South America. They are wary at facing the Volturi, and many of them have their own axe to grind with the Volturi's rule. The Denali 'cousins' explain that Irina was particularly appalled by what she saw as an immortal child, because her mother was executed by the Volturi for creating one. The Cullens' friends who agree to come, all have their own special gifts. Benjamin can control the elements. Kate, of the Denali, can generate electric shocks. Zafrina, from Brazil, has power over the mind, and can make others see whatever she wants them to see, for instance, making Edward believe he was in the middle of a rain forest. When Bella says she doesn't see this vision, Eleazar recognizes her own gift-- she's a 'shield,' a defensive talent that explains why Edward and Aro couldn't read her mind, or why Jane couldn't inflict pain on her. Kate tests her electric shock power on Bella and, finding it ineffective, confirms that Bella is a 'shield--' and moreover, Kate and Tanya are sure that Bella can train to project this shield to protect others. Edward considers this a high priority, because if they must fight the Volturi, Aro's first move would be to have Jane and Alec target Edward with their powers, because Edward would be able to anticipate their actions. Bella is the only one who can stand against Jane or Alec. Edward reluctantly submits to Kate's electric shocks to help Bella train in projecting her shield. More and more members of Jacob's tribe start to turn into wolves due to the high number of vampires entering the area. The pack works to train and explain everything to the new members. Both Bella and Jacob are nervous about all the witnesses arriving on the Cullen's behalf, as many of them still stick to a diet of human blood; including Garrett, an American patriot who fought beside Carlisle at Yorktown, and an Irish coven of unpredictable nature, not to mention a vampire named Peter, who fought alongside Jasper in the civil war, as a newborn. While Jacob is training a small group of newly phased Quileute wolves, two more vampires arrive, who Jacob realizes were uninvited. These final guests, Vladimir and Stefan, are eager for a battle with the Volturi. When Carlisle and Edward explain that they're trying to avoid a fight, Vladimir and Stefan remark that Aro's witnesses would be very disappointed. All of the vampires and Jacob convene, and Eleazar and Carlisle explain how they've put all the pieces together from Vladimir and Stefan's statement: Whenever a coven containing a particularly gifted member, is accused of high crimes, Volturi witnesses will testify against that coven, evidence of the coven's crime coming out of nowhere. After the coven is destroyed, however, Aro will provide "proof" that the gifted member has repented sufficiently to be forgiven, and placed in a position of honor in the Volturi guard. Alistair says that the Volturi witnesses are to spread the word that justice has been served after the 'offending' coven is destroyed. Edward realizes that all along, Aro's issues with the Cullens revolves around Alice: Aro desperately wants to add her power of foresight to the Volturi. At this point Edward stands forward and asks all the covens to fight alongside his family, as Aro could easily come after the others, one at a time. Amun doesn't want to fight, but Benjamin, knowing he could be targeted, chooses to fight beside the Cullens. Jacob assures that the wolf packs will also fight, and one by one, each group of assembled vampires pledges to defend the Cullens in battle. At the first snowfall, the Cullens and their friends gather on a mountaintop at night. While they are awaiting the Volturi, and telling war stories, Bella gives Renesmee a pendant expressing her love for her, and tells Renesmee that the next day, she will need to stay with Jacob at all times, no matter what; even if Bella tells Jacob to take Renesmee far away. Renesmee is frightened, sensing the trouble brewing, and Bella holds her and rocks her to sleep. The other Cullens stand watching, and Carlisle talks about how all the vampire covens have something to fight for, including Carlisle himself. Watching Bella and Renesmee, Edward thanks Carlisle for the extraordinary life he now has. Morning comes and the assembled vampire and wolf groups stand on a field on the mountain slope to await the Volturi, who advance majestically en masse. Carlisle tries to reason with Aro. Aro calls Edward forward and reads his thoughts to discover that Renesmee is not an immortal child, but is half vampire and half human. He calls Renesmee forward. Bella, Jacob and Emmett come forward with her. Aro is charmed as she shows him her history and nature. Aro realizes Irina was mistaken. Irina admits that the child she saw was smaller and apologizes for her mistake, taking full responsibility. Aro moves to his plan B, to provoke the group with the execution of Irina. Tanya and Kate, distraught at the sudden and shocking death of their sister, immediately respond, and it takes the work of the rest of the allies to control them. Zafrina temporarily blinds them to calm and slow them. They realize it was his plan to invoke a violent response. As the Cullens and their supporters regain their control, Aro moves on to Plan C and suggests to his followers that because Renesmee is unprecedented, she is unpredictable and therefore unsafe. He explains in this age of technology, only the known are safe and they know nothing of what Renesmee will become. Suddenly, from the woods, Alice and Jasper stride forward into the clearing. Alice attempts to show Aro she has seen the future and Renesmee poses no threat. However, in a blink, suddenly, Alice gasps in consternation as she realizes that no matter what she shows Aro, he has already decided on the future of the Cullens: they must be destroyed because they are a threat to his rule and he wants the talented individuals under his control. Alice turns and gives Bella a surreptitious signal that it is time for Jake to take Renesmee to safety. Alice then turns and kicks Aro across the field. Grimly, Bella sends Jacob and Renesmee away, and as Jacob speeds away, she turns to face the Volturi. Jane attempts to weaken Edward with her power and is frustrated when she realizes that Bella, with a satisfied smile, is protecting him with her shield. Alice and Jasper are seized by the Volturi, which brings Carlisle flashing forward in loud protest. Shockingly, Aro intercepts Carlisle in mid-leap and decapitates him in one blow, and Caius then burns Carlisle's body. The Cullens and their allies are enraged at Carlisle's death, and a violent battle ensues between the allies and the Volturi, where there are many fatalities on each side. Seeing Bella shielding Jasper from Jane, while Jasper fights with Demitri, Alec leaps at Bella and grapples her, breaking her concentration; Jane is then able to disable Jasper with pain. Felix holds Jasper while Demitri decapitates him. Emmett rushes to Bella's aid, throwing Alec to the ground and stomping on his throat, before ripping his head off. Seth kills a Volturi soldier and then charges at Jane, but cannot stand against Jane's pain illusions, making Seth helpless as Felix grabs him from behind and crushes him in his massive arms. Jacob cannot run at full speed while carrying Renesmee on his back, allowing a Volturi pursuer to gain ground. But when he hears Leah's howl as she sees Seth fall, Jacob intercepts the leaping Volturi and decapitates him in mid-air, and hits the ground running with Renesmee still on his back. The battle starts go badly for the Cullens and their allies; Bella is being overpowered by four Volturi, another Quileute falls and Edward is fighting a losing battle with Demitri. Benjamin smashes his fist into the ground, causing the earth to crack open, revealing lava far below. Two of Bella's opponents fall into the crevasse and she is able to overpower the other two with her newborn strength. Demitri shoves Edward down into the crevasse and turns away, only to see Edward has barely escaped death by clinging to the side; Edward leaps back out of the crevasse and kills Demitri. Esme claws desperately to keep from falling in as a Volturi clings to her back trying to kill her. Leah saves Esme, destroying the attacking Volturi, but falling to her own death into the lava below; catching Esme's eye on the way down and sharing a final look of truce. Alice, enraged over Jasper's death, attacks Jane while protected by Bella. Unable to affect Alice with her powers, Jane turns and flees, but Alice leaps ahead of her, seizes Jane by the throat and throws her to Sam, who gladly rips her head off. Caius attacks Tanya, but Garrett kicks him into Kate's waiting clutches. Her electric shocks incapacitate Caius as Tanya approaches and rips off the top half of Caius's head. As Vladimir and Stefan close in on Marcus, he simply sighs in relief and welcomes his death by their ripping off his arms. Finally, Aro charges at Edward and Bella. He knocks them both over. Edward grabs Bella and throws her into a kick that knocks over Aro. As Edward and Aro grapple, Bella jumps on his back and with Edward's help, rips his head off. Chaos reigns as Bella seizes a torch and burns Aro's severed head. Suddenly, the scene shifts, and we return to Alice gazing at Aro: She has shown him (and us) the future she has foreseen if he continues on this path, and has made him realize that they will die if their meeting turns into a war. Aro tries to back off, but the others are still worried that since they know nothing of Renesmee, she could still be dangerous. Caius agrees that the Cullens could leave in peace if they had assurance that Renesmee would remain concealed from the human world, but insists that such assurance cannot be provided. However, Edward says it can. Alice waves forward a young Ticuna named Nahuel, another vampire-human crossbreed Alice has found in Brazil. He approaches with his aunt and testifies as to his background and genetic makeup to prove that he is no threat. A vampire seduced his mother and she died in childbirth, his aunt raised him and he turned her. Bella is relieved to hear that during his aging process, he became fully grown after 7 years, but has been living unnoticed by either vampire or human for the last 150 years. He can survive on blood or regular human food. Faced with this evidence as well as Bella's powerful shield, the Volturi gather what shreds of dignity they have remaining and take their leave, although Aro takes a last look at Bella and says to himself, 'such a prize.' Vladimir and Stefan want to pursue and destroy the Volturi, but Carlisle says there will be no fighting. Vladimir and Stefan are displeased, but without any support, cannot pursue the Volturi on their own. The allies are all relieved and quietly celebrate together, and the Denali clan appears to gain a new member: Garrett has fallen in love with Kate. The Cullen's allies also begin to depart, with the Cullens' grateful thanks. Bella, Edward, Jake and Renesmee return to their home in peace to live happily ever after. Alice, smiling, sees a future Bella and Edward warmly greeting and embracing a laughing, happy adult Renesmee and Jake on a beach. Edward catches Alice's thoughts and smiles with relief at the knowledge that they have succeeded in making life safe and happy for their loved ones. Jacob catches the serene expression on Edward's face as he watches Bella with Renesmee. When Edward admits he's glad Renesmee has him, Jacob mischievously wonders aloud if he should start calling Edward "Dad". "No," says Edward firmly, but a small smile plays across his face at the irony. In the last scene, Bella and Edward are sitting in the meadow we have come to know from the previous films, and Bella surprises Edward by lifting her shield so he can read her mind, showing him her memories of their life together so far. They kiss, as a phrase from the end of the book reminds us that they will be happy forever.
tt0120855
Animation,Adventure,Family
Lightning flashes as a young woman and her infant son are lowered from a burning ship in a small rowboat. Her husband barely manages to escape the flaming ruins of the sinking vessel and reunites with her in the rowboat. As the storm continues, they turn warily towards the dark shadow of land on the horizon. On the mainland, in the jungles of Africa, a family of gorillas is settling down for the night. Young mother Kala (Glenn Close) and her mate Kerchak (Lance Henriksen), the leader of the clan, rest with their baby. The human family makes it to shore by morning and scope out their surroundings before deciding to build a new life for themselves. They construct a tree house using material from the wreckage while Kerchak and Kala play happily with their baby. Everything seems right until one night, while Kala and Kerchak are sleeping, their baby strays from the nest, chasing a butterfly. The leopard, Sabor, on its nightly prowl, comes upon the baby gorilla which cries out before being swept away. Kala and Kerchak run to the rescue, but arrive too late. Kala, grief-stricken, stays at the rear of the clan as they move to new nesting grounds the next morning. Suddenly, she hears a crying sound and runs through the jungle towards the source. She soon comes upon the tree house the human family had built and cautiously enters the dwelling. The place is in shambles; wind blows through a broken window and a spent shotgun lies on the floor. Kala notices shapes in the corner of the room and sees the outlines of two bodies against the wall. Bloody paw prints are scratched into the floor. Startled, she backs up onto a picture frame showing the faces of the family, including the baby. The cry starts up again and Kala finds the human baby still lying in his crib. They investigate each other for a moment and Kala is overcome with maternal instinct, deciding to adopt the baby. Before she can leave, Sabor, who had been hiding in the rafters, attacks. Kala manages to escape by jumping into the rowboat hanging outside the tree house, leaving Sabor tangled in the mess of ropes. Kala returns to the gorilla clan and shows her new baby to the other females, who react with confusion. Kerchak is not keen on the idea of Kala keeping a baby that is not of their kind and demands that she take it back. On Kala's fierce insistence, however, he allows her to keep the baby as long as it was alone but refuses to acknowledge it as his son. A young gorilla named Terk (Rosie O'Donnell) takes a liking to the baby, though she doesn't quite agree with his new name, Tarzan. Tarzan (Alex D. Linz) grows into a strong young boy with a penchant for mimicking animal noises, though he has a hard time keeping up with the moving clan. His best friend Terk looks out for him and always makes sure that he stays away from the disapproving eyes of Kerchak, but her friends label Tarzan a 'hairless wonder' and refuse to play with him. Determined to prove himself, Tarzan follows Terk and her friends to a cliff side where, in an attempt to intimidate him back to the clan, Terk instructs him to retrieve an elephant hair as a way of impressing her friends. However, Tarzan takes this ruse seriously and leaps off the cliff, belly-flopping into the water below. He quickly learns to swim and heads towards a herd of bathing elephants. A young and germophobic elephant named Tantor (voiced as adult by Wayne Knight) mistakes Tarzan for a piranha, despite there being no piranhas in Africa. Tarzan manages to grab onto one of the elephants tails but incites panic on the whole herd who form a stampede and run ashore. Terk's friends are chased back towards the clan and, while no one is hurt in the stampede, Kerchak is forced to rescue a baby gorilla before its trampled. An unconscious Tarzan is pulled ashore by Terk. Tantor, still believing that Tarzan is a piranha, pulls Terk away until Tarzan comes to, revealing a single elephant hair in his hand. Kerchak and the other gorillas arrive and demand to know what started the stampede. Tarzan confesses and tries apologizing to Kerchak who argues Kala's defense to give Tarzan another chance. When Kerchak angrily states that Tarzan will never become one of the clan, Tarzan runs off. Later, he angrily splashes mud onto his face, thinking that it might make him look more 'gorilla'. Kala appears and affectionately shows him that they are actually one and the same; same hands, same eyes, same heart. Filled with a renewed sense of motivation, Tarzan promises to be the best ape ever. As he grows older, he learns to gain strength and inspiration from other animals of the jungle including creating his first spear after watching a rhino scratch a tree with its horns. Now an adult, Tarzan (Tony Goldwyn) has become stronger and swifter, managing to travel faster than the gorilla troop by surfing through the trees. During a wrestling match with Terk, the gorilla troop is attacked by Sabor. Kerchak rises to the defense but is overpowered. Seeing this, Tarzan swings in brandishing his spear and engages Sabor in a fierce battle, eventually coming out victorious. He presents the body of Sabor to Kerchak who reacts respectfully to Tarzan. The heartfelt moment is interrupted by a loud noise which encourages the gorillas to move out but arouses Tarzan's curiosity. He soon comes upon a trio of humans consisting of Professor Porter (Nigel Hawthorne), his daughter Jane (Minnie Driver), and their guide Clayton (Brian Blessed). Porter is on an expedition to study gorillas and becomes particularly excited when he stumbles on a nesting site; this proves his theory that gorillas are primarily social creatures that live in family groups. Jane shares his enthusiasm but Clayton remains under the impression that gorillas are wild, savage beasts. Tarzan is nearly discovered by the trigger-happy Clayton before the trio continues on its way. Jane stays behind when she comes across a baby mandrill baboon and whips out a sketchbook to draw him. The baby, taking a fancy to the drawing, steals it and runs off. Jane takes the drawing back from him which makes him cry, attracting the rest of his family, a rather large baboon troop, and they begin to chase Jane. Tarzan, watching all this from above, swings down and rescues Jane before she can fall into a chasm. Tarzan uses his acrobatic skills to navigate the tree tops and elude the baboons, but not before giving the drawing back to the baby. Tarzan brings Jane to a sheltered spot in the trees and recognizes her as someone like him. He gently holds her hand up to his and listens to her heartbeat, much to her discomfort. His ability to mimic allows him to make vocal contact and they successfully introduce each other. Then, Tarzan carries Jane and swings out of the trees towards Jane's campsite where they heard additional shots from Clayton's gun. Meanwhile Terk, a small band of gorillas, and Tantor are looking through the jungle for Tarzan. They soon come across the Porters' campsite and begin playing and making music with what they find, creating a large mess in the process. Tarzan and Jane arrive and Jane realizes, as Tarzan and Terk are reunited, that he's one of them. The rest of the gorilla troop arrives at the camp, attracted by all the noise, including an angry Kerchak. He orders the troop, and Tarzan, to leave before Porter and Clayton return. Jane tells them what happened and dreamily mentions how she met Tarzan. Despite Kerchak's warning that the gorillas must avoid the humans, Tarzan is adamant about continuing to visit them and angrily asks his mother why she didn't tell him there were other creatures like him. Over a period of time he goes back to the camp where Jane and Porter teach him English and all about the human world. After a while, they ask him if he can lead them to where the gorillas are, but Tarzan refuses, remembering how Kerchak felt about the humans. Clayton appears to be the most frustrated by this news. On one return to the camp, Tarzan discovers that more men have arrived and are loading items out of camp and towards a large steamer that is anchored off shore. Jane explains that they are to go home to England and asks Tarzan to go with them. When Tarzan realizes that he won't be able to come back to the jungle, he implores Jane to stay with him. She tearfully says no and runs away. Clayton slyly proposes to Tarzan that Jane will stay longer if she could see the gorillas, so Tarzan agrees to take them. In order to lead the Porters to the gorilla troop safely, he persuades Terk and Tantor to disguise themselves as the humans and lure Kerchak away. The plan works and Tarzan leads the humans to the troop. Everything appears to go smoothly until Terk and Tantor appear suddenly with Kerchak right behind. When he sees the humans he stops in shock but attacks Clayton when he sees him pointing his gun at another gorilla. Tarzan tackles Kerchak and holds onto him while Jane and the others escape. Tarzan then releases Kerchak, nearly choking him, as the troop watches. Tarzan tries to apologize but Kerchak accuses him of betraying the family. That night, Kala approaches a confused and forlorn Tarzan and takes him to the tree house where she found him. There, Tarzan discovers his true past and finds out who his real mother and father were. Kala advises him that no matter what he decides, he must do what makes him happy. Tarzan decides to leave with Jane and the others, donning a suit that belonged to his father. Before he leaves, however, he tells Kala that no matter where he goes, she will always be his mother. Tarzan leaves with Jane, her father, and Clayton the next morning, boarding a small dinghy towards the large steamer. Once on board, however, Tarzan is greeted by fierce looking thugs who force Jane and Porter into the hull of the ship. Tarzan attempts to escape, jumping onto a smoke tower, but the smooth metal is difficult for him to hold onto and he crashes to the deck below. Clayton reveals to be more than just a jungle guide; he intends to capture the gorillas and sell them for a hefty profit. Outraged by Clayton's betrayal and his own naivety, Tarzan lets out a yell which reaches the ears of Terk and Tantor. Already angry about Tarzan leaving, Terk is cynical to Tantor's statement that Tarzan could be in trouble. Showing a surprisingly assertive side to himself, Tantor grabs Terk and plunges into the ocean towards the steamer as Clayton and his thugs take a small boat inland. Tantor and Terk overcome the guards on the boat and release Tarzan and the others. As night falls on the gorilla family, a flare lights up the sky in red and the gorillas are overwhelmed by Clayton's gang. Many gorillas are tied up and put into cages, but Kerchak breaks through his ropes. Clayton strings him down again and claims that the silverback would be better off stuffed. Before Clayton can shoot, Tarzan lets out a loud battle cry, leading other animals of the jungle into the clearing, and frees Kerchak. Kerchak is amazed that Tarzan came back, to which Tarzan replies, "I came home." Jane and Porter arrive on Tantor and even the mandrill baboons, led by the baby, enter the fray. As Tarzan and Jane release Kala from her cage, Tarzan's arm is grazed by one of Clayton's bullets. Seeing this, Kerchak rushes at Clayton but is shot. Tarzan charges angrily at Clayton but is forced to run and hide as Clayton fires multiple shots at him. They both climb into the canopy and begin to fight on the tree branches. Tarzan wrestles Clayton's gun from him and points it at him, but hesitates. Clayton laughs and taunts Tarzan to become a man and shoot him. Tarzan mimics a gunshot, startling Clayton, before smashing the gun to pieces saying, "I'm not a man like you." Clayton brandishes a machete and swings it at Tarzan, forcing him to fall back. He catches onto some vines and backs into the trunk of a tree. Clayton follows but Tarzan brings down a nest of vines, entangling him. Clayton slashes blindly at the vines around him, not realizing that one is wrapping around his neck. Tarzan tries to stop him, but with one last swing, Clayton cuts the vines they were holding and they both fall. Tarzan lands safely on the ground, but Clayton is hanged. Tarzan returns to the troop to find Kerchak dying and asks for his forgiveness. Kerchak tells him that he was mistaken about Tarzan; that he had always been part of the family and must now lead them in Kerchak's stead. Kerchak then puts his hand on Tarzan's shoulder and calls him son for the first time before he dies. Tarzan then stands before the rest of the gorilla family as their new leader and leads them into the jungle. The following morning, Jane and her father say farewell to Tarzan as they leave shore in the dingy bound for the steamer. Tarzan waves goodbye from the shore but Jane is too heartbroken to return the gesture. Porter notices how sad his daughter is and encourages her to follow her heart and go back to Tarzan. Jane jumps excitedly into the water and runs into Tarzan's arms, kissing him. Porter follows, telling the captain rowing the boat to say that they were never found. "After all, people get lost in the jungle every day." The rest of the gorilla troop arrives on the beach, smiling as Tarzan and Jane kiss. Jane tells the gorillas, in the language taught by Tarzan, that she is staying. They all cheer and Tarzan, Jane, and Porter live happily together in the jungle.
tt1181791
Action,Drama,History
Black Death begins with a voiceover from Wolfstan (John Lynch), a soldier in the employ of the Church in 13th Century England. As an enforcer of the Church's will, Wolfstan is one of a group who roots out and hunts down all traces of infidelity and sacrileges against God. The opening voiceover talks about the bubonic plague decimating life across England. Many people believe the plague is a divine punishment sent by God to scourge the unfaithful, but Wolfstan questions what amount of sin would warrant a punishment as cruel and merciless as the plague. He believes the plague is the result of people in league with the Devil, and he and his fellow soldiers must hunt down and destroy those devil worshipers responsible for the plague. Osmund (Eddie Redmayne) is a young novice monk going into a nearby town on an errand. He stops to see Averill (Kimberley Nixon), a beautiful young woman who is in love with him. Osmund convinces Averill to leave town because of the plague's spread. He wants her to run and hide in a forest. Averill begs Osmund to go with her, and tells him that she will wait one hour each day, at dawn, by a particular landmark in the forest, for one week. After that she will know he is not coming. Osmund is torn between his love for Averill and his vows to God. Back at his monastery, he falls to his knees and prays fervently for a sign that will help him choose. A day later, a troop of Church soldiers arrives at the monastery. The soldiers are led by Ulrich (Sean Bean), an aide to the local bishop. Ulrich and his men, including Wolfstan, are on their way to a remote village at the edge of a large marsh, to investigate stories that it is free of the plague. Ulrich is at the monastery to conscript one of the monks as a guide to lead the soldiers through the marsh to the village. Osmund, having grown up in the area, sees this as the sign he prayed for, as the expedition must pass through the forest where he sent Averill into hiding. He eagerly volunteers to guide the soldiers. Along the way, in the woods, the soldiers pass by a group of villagers preparing to burn alive a woman suspected of witchcraft (Marianne Graffam). Ulrich interferes and unties the woman, leading her away only to cut her throat with a dagger. He tells Osmund that as soon as the soldiers left, the villagers would have promptly seized the woman again and carried on with the execution. The woman was as good as dead when they encountered her, and all Ulrich could hope to do was make her death painless and quick. They are passing through the forest where Averill is in hiding and make camp. At dawn, Osmund hurries to the landmark where Averill told him to meet her. He finds only her scarf and a group of bandits. Osmund makes it back to the camp, but the brigands track him there and attack the soldiers. The soldiers slay most of the brigands, but a few manage to escape -- with the soldiers' horses, forcing them to go the rest of the way on foot. They arrive at the village and are greeted by Hob (Tim McInnerny), who welcomes them when they say are travelers seeking shelter for the night. Osmund, who is wounded, receives treatment from the town herbalist, Langiva (Carice Van Houten). They are all invited to dine with the villagers in the evening. But slowly signs start to come out that things are not as they appear in the quiet, peaceful village. Langiva saw right through Ulrich's story, as she tells Osmund. Seeing a look about him, she trusts him with knowing that she harbors a resentment toward the pious and holy, as they killed her husband. Shortly before dinner, she brings him to a field where a number of scarecrow-like effigies are on stakes -- but Langiva tells Osmund that they are in fact the remains of the last Church party that sought to kill them for perceived heresies and sacrileges. Then she reaches into what appears to be a shallow grave... and pulls out Averill. Ulrich has found an idol that, to him, is proof that the village is without God -- and for that, they must all pay. But it is Ulrich and all the others who about to be betrayed. Their food and drink, at the dinner, was drugged. They all come to at dawn, bound in a deep trough filled to their waists with water. All the village is gathered around, and Langiva is to preside over THEIR trials. The village has become strong in its sense of community and having all renounced God. Now they intend to do the same with the soldiers, all of whom are defiant and ready even to wrestle each other over the 'right' to die first in God's name. The village chooses Frith (Thorsten Querner) to be first. They bind him to a cross, ready to kill him slowly and painfully unless he renounces his faith. But Frith's profession in the Church is a torturer; he inflicts torture on perceived heretics, witches, and those accused of being ungodly. He proves that there is nothing they can teach him about pain, and finally they simply disembowel him. The next soldier chosen, his morale broken, renounces his faith and God before the village, whereon Langiva says that three villagers will escort him to the outskirts and let him go free-- a lie, as he is hanged like a common criminal from the trees just outside the village. Langiva directs Osmund to go into a particular nearby house. She still sees him as a potential convert to the village's independent, atheistic way of life. Osmund finds Averill inside. She is in a deep, deep stupor, barely coherent, but she is alive. Still, to Osmund, it appears very much that her mind is gone; he believes Langiva has used dark witchcraft to make Averill into a zombie. Grieving and desperate to see Averill spared any pain and suffering, he takes a knife and grants her release through death, carrying her body out back to the village square. Langiva, angered by Ulrich's continued defiance, has him bound between two powerful draft horses to be drawn and quartered. Hob, instead of letting Ulrich be torn apart, has the horses pull enough to stretch Ulrich like he is on a rack, torturing him. Ulrich appears to break and begs that Osmund be allowed to administer last rites. As the young monk begins to do so, he removes Ulrich's outer garment. Ulrich's body is covered with large, bleeding sores. He has contracted the bubonic plague, and has now brought it to the village as his instrument of dark justice for its ungodliness. The villagers begin to scatter, spooking the horses, who tear Ulrich apart. The remaining soldiers manage to grab a dropped knife, cut themselves free, and overpower the remaining villagers. Hob is captured alive and most of those who remained are killed. Of the soldiers, only Wolfstan survives. Osmund runs after Langiva and accuses her of killing Averill. Langiva answers that she has no powers, no sorcery; she is merely an extremely skillful herbalist who used some 'parlor' tricks with her mastery of herbs and her ability with verbal persuasion, to give the villagers confidence and independence. She is not a witch, merely a good leader. She insists she did not kill Averill; she had found her alive in the forest and merely kept her drugged as part of the plan to convert Osmund. As she walks away, Osmund begs Langiva to bring Averill back, but she coldly tells him she has no power to do so; she scornfully suggests he pray to God and ask Him instead. Wolfstan places Hob in a restraint device hooked up to the wagon they brought. He is bringing Hob back to the Church to be put on trial as the village necromancer. But, as he explains in a voiceover, he knew that Hob was not guilty of witchcraft or any form of demonic consort. The village remained free of the bubonic plague not through witchcraft or necromancy, but merely by its remoteness from the rest of civilzation. Once Ulrich was found to have brought the plague to the village, any of the villagers who didn't die in battle with the soldiers were quickly wiped out by the illness. Wolfstan brings Osmund safely back to the monastery en route to the Church. Although he prays for Osmund to have a long, peaceful life, a series of voiceovers provided by Wolfstan show that Osmund's life became anything but peaceful. Wolfstan explains that he never saw Osmund again, but heard the terrible stories: Averill's death left Osmund nearly mad with grief. Desire for vengeance on Langiva turned his heart stone cold, and he took up the sword as an inquisitioner for the Church, leading merciless crusades against perceived witches. He saw Langiva's face in every woman who was tortured and killed at his command. He is shown delivering a terrified young woman to a dungeon, where she is brutally tortured; he watches impassively as her toes are crushed with metal pliers, and orders her to be killed when she still does not confess to heresy and witchcraft. Wolfstan's closing voiceover offers a prayer that Osmund somehow found peace in his work, as Osmund is seen presiding over a dark execution where a young woman suspected of witchcraft is dragged in terror from the village fields as she is working there, and burned alive. Fade to black.
tt0120744
Action,Adventure,Drama
France is under the reign of the militaristic King Louis XIV (Leonardo DiCaprio), who is bankrupting the country with his unpopular wars. When starving peasants in Paris start rioting for food, he responds by ordering his chief adviser Pierre to send them rotten food - although he later orders Pierre executed for this and all rioters killed. Meanwhile, the king continues to wallow in hedonistic luxury and seduce a parade of women. The legendary Three Musketeers have retired from their posts: Aramis (Jeremy Irons) is now a priest of the Jesuits; Porthos (Grard Depardieu) is a frequent visitor to Parisian brothels; Athos (John Malkovich) has a son named Raoul (Peter Sarsgaard) who has just returned from the war and signifies his application to join the musketeers, like his father who once served with pride and honor. Meanwhile, Athos gives Raoul his wife's ring, saying that the only lady worthy to wear it is the one that Raoul loves. The lucky girl he loves is Christine Bellefort (Judith Godrche) whom he intends to propose for marriage. At a festival, the two lovers are greeted by an older D'Artagnan (Gabriel Byrne), who is still in the service of the King as Captain of the Musketeers, striving to retain the esprit de corps of the old days. D'Artagnan wishes Raoul and Christine luck, but just before Raoul can propose, the king's eyes fall on Christine. He arranges for Raoul to be returned to combat, where he is killed by the Dutch cannons while leading ground troops in an attack en-masse. The news of his son's death reaches Athos, who, in a fit of rage, proceeds to the king's palace to seek vengeance. He injures two musketeers before D'Artagnan overpowers him on the Palace grounds. This puts a severe strain on Athos's friendship with D'Artagnan, who he now sees as a traitor for siding with his son's killer. In the wake of Raoul's death, Louis invites Christine to the palace where she sleeps with him, grateful for the medical assistance his doctors have given to her mother and sister. When Louis orders Aramis to find and execute the secret leader of the Jesuit order, Aramis sets in motion a plot to overthrow the king with the help of his old comrades, for this secret leader is none other than Aramis himself. Only Athos and Porthos agree to the plan; D'Artagnan refuses to betray his oath of honor and allegiance to the king. The three former Musketeers sneak into an island prison and arrange the escape of a mysterious prisoner: a man in an iron mask. They replace him with a corpse in a matching iron mask and, pretending it is plague ridden, burn it so the guards will not know the face behind the iron mask. They take the young man to a safe house in the countryside and unmask him: he is Philippe (Leonardo DiCaprio), the identical twin of King Louis. While he is identical to his brother, Philippe is compassionate and gentle. Aramis reveals that Philippe was sent away by his father, King Louis XIII, to save France from dynastic warfare. Later, when Louis discovered Philippe's existence, he was too superstitious to have his own brother murdered; so instead, he devised a way to keep him hidden: the iron mask. Aramis, at time still serving as a musketeer and clad in black uniform, the only thing Philippe remembers, was the one who took him away to prison, an act which has haunted him ever since. Meanwhile, King Louis succeeds in seducing Christine completely, claiming that he ordered Raoul to be placed far from the battlefront. Christine receives a letter from Raoul, predicting his death and saying that he forgives her for becoming the king's mistress. Whilst in bed with Louis, Christine admits that she still loves Raoul and that she is not in love with him. Enraged, Louis forsakes Christine. Athos, Porthos, and Aramis teach Philippe how to act like royalty, so he may replace Louis as king. Together they abduct Louis during a fancy dancing ball. Before his absence is revealed, Philippe takes his place. However, Philippe's good nature gives him away when he helps one of the dancing ladies up from the floor after she falls over and spares Christine's life when she storms in and openly accuses him of murdering Raoul (having learned this from a letter sent by Louis' General), promising to make amends for wronging her. D'Artagnan realizes something is amiss, orders all palace musketeers to be on full alert, and personally escorts Philippe to the underground dock. They arrive just as Athos, Porthos, and Aramis are about to sail for the Bastille with Louis. The men collectively decide to make a trade for the brothers' lives; however, Philippe is re-captured in the ensuing chaos of their escape. Afterwards, D'Artagnan is stunned to learn that Philippe is Louis' brother and pleads with Louis to spare his life, joined by the twins' mother, who Louis is furious and upset to see had known about the plot. Louis at first refuses, but Philippe unexpectedly speaks up and says that he is more terrified of the iron mask than death itself, begging to be executed rather than sent back to prison. Louis, hardened in his anger against all three of them, orders him placed in the Bastille and once again in the mask. In the aftermath, Christine is found to have hanged herself from her bedroom window. Athos, Porthos, and Aramis brush off their old musketeer uniforms, becoming The Three Musketeers again and, with D'Artagnan's help, break into the Bastille prison and escape with Philippe. Louis, however, has prepared an ambush. Fortunately, the narrowness of the corridor and the guards' respect for D'Artagnan, their captain, prevents them from overwhelming the four Musketeers with their numbers, although the five men eventually end up trapped against a barred door at the end of the corridor with no way out. Determined to save his friends, Philippe offers to give himself up in exchange for their lives. D'Artagnan refuses, revealing to everyone's astonishment, that he is actually the twins' father, having had an affair with Queen Anne, and that it was out of fatherly devotion that he served Louis. D'Artagnan adds that he feels the pride as a father for the first time upon learning that Philippe is also his son. The four Musketeers and Philippe make a final charge at Louis' front line. Their "magnificent valor" stuns the soldiers into immobility, angering Louis and forcing him to repeatedly shout orders to fire. He lays his hands on one of the soldiers' muskets and it goes off, setting off the rest, with many of the men shutting their eyes or looking away out of reluctance. The smoke clears to reveal the five men still standing; all the shots, barring a few flesh wounds, missed. An enraged Louis lunges toward Philippe and tries to stab him. D'Artagnan jumps between them and is fatally wounded when Louis stabs him in the back. Philippe knocks Louis down and begins to strangle him, but D'Artagnan, with his dying breaths, reminds Philippe that Louis is his brother. Philippe's mask is removed so that D'Artagnan can see his face one last time. Saying the musketeer call, D'Artagnan dies as Philippe comments that D'Artagnan was the one wearing the mask all along. Closing his eyes, Philippe embraces his father one time only as he starts to mourn over his death. D'Artagnan's right-hand man, Lieutenant Andre, is furious at Louis for killing D'Artagnan and upon finding out Philippe was brother to Louis and of royal blood, orders his men to close the door and swears them to secrecy. By the time another battalion breaks in, the three Musketeers and Lieutenant Andre have made Louis and Philippe swap clothes and locked Louis in the iron mask. Philippe introduces Athos, Porthos, and Aramis as his royal council and truest friends. Posing as the king, Philippe orders the guards to take Louis and lock him away. The Musketeers give their respect and kneel before Philippe, honoring him as their true King. Philippe, Athos, Porthos, Aramis, and Queen Anne attend D'Artagnan's funeral, in which The Three Musketeers are finally redeemed. After the funeral, Philippe asks Athos to love him like a son and Athos accepts, kissing Philippe's hand. Afterwards, The Three Musketeers walk away through the long line of proud saluting musketeers under the helm of Lieutenant Andre as new captain, while the elite group chants their battle cry "One for All, All for One". Louis (whom Philippe granted royal pardon being his brother) now lives in the country, where he is often visited by his mother. Thereafter, France was reformed under Philippe (under the alias of Louis XIV) who gave his people food, prosperity, and peace. He is remembered as the greatest ruler in the history of his nation.
tt0473075
Action,Fantasy
The plot follows Dastan (Jake Gyllenhaal), a street urchin in Persia, historically in the Persian Empire in the sixth century. After showing courage in the market place, he is adopted by the king. Fifteen years later, Dastan, and his royal blooded foster brothers Garsiv and Tus lead the Persian army in an attack on the sacred city of Alamut, under the assumption that the city's people are selling weapons to their enemies, as shown by Nizam (Ben Kingsley), the King's brother and adviser. As Garsiv leads the initial assault, Dastan decides to lead a surprise attack with his friend Bis (Reece Ritchie) against the orders of his brother. He manages to open the eastern gate of Alamut and prevents further casualties. During the fight in the city, Dastan defeats one of Princess Tamina's (Gemma Arterton) guards who was in the possession of the mythical Dagger of Time. The dagger gives its owner the ability to go back in time for a short period so that the user can try to correct any mistake or redo any moment. Alamut falls to the Persians, Tamina is captured and is offered as a wife for Tus, which would make the city of Alamut a part of the Persian Empire. The Persians celebrate their victory, but during the celebration Prince Dastan is fooled into presenting a poisoned gown seemingly given to him by Tus to King Sharaman (Ronald Pickup), which fatally burns the king. Prince Dastan is held as the perpetrator of his father's murder. He escapes the castle with Princess Tamina while Bis, his best friend, is killed trying to save them. Together, they embark on a journey the Prince wants to prove his innocence, while Tamina wants to safeguard the Dagger of Time. On the first night, Tamina attempts to kill the prince and recover the dagger, but Dastan accidentally activates the dagger and learns about its ability to rewind time for one minute and in doing so, prevents Tamina from attacking. Dastan believes that Tus knew about the dagger and framed Dastan for their father's murder in an attempt to seize the throne and the dagger, thus becoming the most powerful ruler of Persia. During their journey, the duo meets a group of merchant-bandits, in the valley of slaves, including entrepreneur and ostrich racing-organizer Sheik Amar (Alfred Molina) with his friend Seso (Steve Toussaint) who hails from the Ngbaka, masters of the throwing knives. Dastan offers Tamina up as a slave in return for their hospitality. However, the bandits try to take the Dagger of Time and take Dastan to the newly crowned Tus because of the reward for his capture; they fail in the process, while the two escape. Dastan and Tamina return to Persia for King Sharaman's funeral. Dastan tries to convince his uncle Nizam that he was not the cause of his father's death, only to discover the dagger was taken by Tamina. Instead, he notices the burns on Nizam's hands, which indicate he was the one who set up the murder of the King. Furthermore, Nizam has set up an ambush for Dastan along the Persian streets, and after a conflict with his brother Garsiv, Dastan escapes. Meanwhile, back in Persia, Nizam, aware that Dastan knows he was responsible, tries to convince the newly-crowned King Tus and Garsiv that Dastan is trying to overthrow them and must be killed without a trial to avoid a rebellion. When this fails, Nizam hires the Hassansins, a group of highly-skilled warriors who once served as hired killers for Persian royalty. Nizam had kept the sect hidden for his own ends after Sharaman had them disbanded. Dastan catches up with Tamina and explains that the villainous brother of the King, Nizam was behind it all. The attack of Alamut was based on false allegations provided by Nizam and promoted with a motive to attain the Dagger of Time and use it with the massive Sandglass, which is hidden under the city of Alamut. This way, Nizam would go back in time before he had saved Sharaman from being attacked by a lion and undo the act, hence ensure that he becomes the King of Persia. However, Tamina reveals that the Sandglass is the vessel holding the Sands of Time, which the Gods conjured to punish humanity for its sins. A pure hearted girl, offering her life, convinced them to seal the sands; should the Dagger of Time be used to pierce the Sandglass, the sands would be released and destroy the entire world. The holder of the dagger may also turn back time as far as they please. The pair then put aside their differences and agree to work together to protect the dagger. Dastan and Tamina are again captured by Sheik Amar, Seso, and their group because of the chaos they caused back at the valley. Sheik intends to claim the reward for turning them in to renew his business. But that night, when everyone is asleep, the Hassansin leader (Gsli rn Gararsson) attacks the group in an oasis by controlling a number of vipers. Many of the group die, but Dastan uses the dagger to rewind time, and, foreseeing the attack, manages to kill all the snakes single-handedly, saving Seso in the process. The Hassansin leader then leaves in a sand dervish. The next day, the pair, now accompanied by Sheik and Seso, travel to the secret sanctuary in the mountains near India, where it's possible to seal the dagger by returning it to the stone where it came from. In order to do so, Tamina would have to sacrifice herself, but it fails as they run into Garsiv's men. Dastan, however, manages to persuade his brother that he is innocent, only for Garsiv to be killed by a flurry of spike-knives thrown by a Hassansin. The Hassanin attack, killing many of the group, while their leader manages to snatch the Dagger of Time from Tamina (who was knocked unconscious in the battle) by using a trained snake. However, Dastan is saved from the last Hassansin by Garsiv, who then succumbs to his injuries. Tamina and Dastan, as well as Sheik Amar and Seso, return to Alamut to reveal the truth about Nizam and the dagger to Tus. First, they must get the dagger, which is kept in the sacred temple, guarded by the Hassansin who killed Garsiv. Seso, the master of throwing knives, fights the spike-wielding Hassansin to obtain the dagger. He manages to kill the Hassansin after a well aimed throw, yet is fatally wounded in the process. Seso manages to throw the Dagger out of the window to Sheik and Dastan before dying. Sheik Amar then distracts the guards by serving as a decoy while Dastan shows the truth about the Dagger to his brother Tus by killing himself, only to have Tus rewind time with the dagger. Afterward, Tus is killed by Nizam, and Dastan is incapacitated by another Hassasin. The Dagger is once again in Nizam's hands, but Dastan manages to defeat the Hassasin with Tamina's help. She realises that the Hassansin had been a spy inside the city of Alamut and must have been the one who told Nizam about the Dagger. Nizam goes to the Sandglass caves beneath Alamut, as Dastan and Tamina race to stop him. Tamina opens a secret gate leading to the chamber, allowing them to take a short cut to the Sandglass. En route, they encounter the leader of the Hassansins; however, after a close fight, Dastan gets the upper hand and stabs the Hassansin before throwing him into the chasm. Dastan and Tamina then kiss. They then manage to reach Nizam as he pierces the Sandglass with the Dagger. During the final confrontation, Nizam knocks Tamina over the edge of the chasm and Dastan desperately catches her hand. Knowing he cannot stop Nizam and save her, Tamina professes her love for Dastan and lets go, sacrificing herself to stop Nizam. Dastan fights Nizam as they both hold their hands on the Dagger. Dastan then uses the Dagger's button to open the Sands of Time container and use its power against Nizam. The Sandglass slowly cracks and the sandstorm is shown destroying Alamut. Dastan is then able to use the Dagger and turn back the time as the Sandglass breaks, ending up at the point when he first held the Dagger during the siege of Alamut. Dastan uses his knowledge to reveal Nizam's evil plan to his brothers, gaining their acceptance by revealing what Tus told him about the meeting with their father prior to the attack. Exposed, Nizam attempts to kill Dastan but ends up dying by Tus' blade. After apologizing for the ransacking of her city, Tus suggests that perhaps Tamina should become Dastan's wife as a sign of good will. The Prince returns the Dagger of Time to her as a gift, as she looks at him surprised. The two of them are next shown talking to each other and Tamina expressing her surprise about Dastan's sudden change in behavior and hinting that he may have discovered something to which he replies that they are in control of their own destiny.
tt0114694
Adventure,Comedy
After seven years at college, Thomas R. "Tommy" Callahan III (Chris Farley) barely graduates from Marquette University and returns to his hometown of Sandusky, Ohio. His father, industrialist and widower Thomas R. "Big Tom" Callahan, Jr. (Brian Dennehy), gives him an executive job at the family's auto parts plant, Callahan Auto. In addition to the new job and office, Big Tom reveals that he plans to marry Beverly Barrish-Burns (Bo Derek), a woman he had met at a fat farm, and that her son Paul (Rob Lowe) will become Tommy's new stepbrother. At the wedding, Big Tom suddenly dies of a heart attack. After the funeral, doubting the future of the company without Big Tom, the bank reneges on promises of a loan for a new brake pad division and seeks immediate payment of Callahan Auto's debts. Ray Zalinsky (Dan Aykroyd), owner and operator of rival automotive parts company Zalinsky Auto Parts in Chicago, offers to buy them out while the company's shares are high, but Tommy suggests a deal: he will let the bank hold his inherited shares and house in exchange for helping the sales of brake pads going. The bank agrees, but they also want the company to prove it still has viability by selling 500,000 brake pads. If they fail, the bank will foreclose, but if they succeed, the bank will underwrite Big Tom's brake pad venture. Tommy volunteers to go on a cross-country sales trip with his father's sycophantic assistant, Richard Hayden (David Spade), a childhood acquaintance who has a particularly antagonistic relationship with Tommy. Meanwhile, Beverly and Paul are shown kissing romantically, revealing that they are not mother and son, but rather married con artists with criminal records. Paul thinks Big Tom's death is ideal, since their original plan was to eventually divorce Big Tom and take half of his estate, but Beverly thinks they are in trouble, as Big Tom only left her a controlling interest in Callahan Auto, which may evaporate. She authorizes the quick sale to Zalinsky to make a fast buck. On the road, Tommy's social anxiety and hyperactivity alienate numerous potential buyers. The lack of any progress leads to tension between Tommy and Richard. Additionally, the duo encounters a variety of incidents that lead to the near destruction of Richard's car. When all seems lost, Tommy persuades a surly waitress to serve him chicken wings after the kitchen closes. Richard realizes that Tommy has the ability to read people, just like his father, and suggests this is how he should sell. The two mend their friendship and start to sell effectively to numerous automotive plants, eventually putting them over the half million mark. However, Paul sabotages the company's computers, causing sales posted by sales manager Michelle Brock (Julie Warner) to either be lost or rerouted. With half of the sales now canceled, the bank forecloses. Beverly and Paul approve the sale of Callahan Auto to Zalinsky. Hoping that they can persuade Zalinsky to reconsider, Tommy and Richard travel to Chicago, boarding a plane as flight attendants. In Chicago, they get a brief meeting with Zalinsky, but he informs them he only wants Callahan for the brand name, not the employees, and that after the sale he will dissolve the company, leaving the Sandusky workers destitute. Tommy and Richard are denied entry to the Zalinsky boardroom since Tommy does not have any standing (his shares having been repossessed due to the apparent failure). After briefly wallowing on the curb in self-pity, Michelle arrives with Paul and Beverly's police records. Tommy devises 'a plan': dressed as a suicide bomber by using road flares, he gains the attention of a live television news crew and then, with Michelle and Richard, forces his way into the boardroom. Back in Sandusky, Callahan workers watch the drama on a television. In a final move of pure persuasion, Tommy quotes Zalinsky's own advertising slogan, that he is on the side of the "American working man." As the TV audience watches, Zalinsky signs Tommy's purchase order for 500,000 brake pads. Although Zalinsky says that the purchase order is meaningless since he will soon own Callahan Auto, Michelle reveals the police records, which include Paul's outstanding warrants for fraud. Since Paul is the true husband of Beverly, her marriage to Big Tom was bigamous and therefore illegitimate. Therefore, Beverly's inheritance is voided and Tommy is the next of kin, and thus the rightful heir of Big Tom. Since Tommy refuses to sell the shares, the deal with Zalinsky is off, and since Tommy still holds Zalinsky's purchase order, the company is saved. Paul attempts to escape but is arrested. Zalinsky admits that Tommy outplayed him and honors the large sales order. Later, Tommy assumes the presidency of Callahan Auto Parts, giving a speech to the employees that the door is always open to them. The film ends with Tommy drifting in his dinghy on a lake, telling his father's spirit he will continue his legacy at Callahan and says he must go ashore to have dinner with Michelle's family.
tt1570728
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Cal Weaver (Steve Carell) gets the surprise of his life when he learns that his wife Emily (Julianne Moore) cheated on him with a coworker, David Lindhagen (Kevin Bacon), and wants a divorce. After moving into his own apartment, Cal begins frequenting a bar night after night, talking loudly about his divorce, until he attracts the attention of a young man named Jacob Palmer (Ryan Gosling), a womanizer who successfully beds women each night, although a young woman named Hannah (Emma Stone) recently rejected his advances. Taking pity on Cal, Jacob agrees to teach him how to pick up women. Jacob takes Cal shopping, outfitting him with an entirely new wardrobe and begins teaching him the art of seduction. As they spend their evenings at the bar together, a friendship begins to blossom. On Cal's first attempt to seduce a woman, he meets a teacher named Kate (Marisa Tomei), who initially rejects his awkward advances, but eventually they sleep together at his apartment. In the following weeks, Cal manages to successfully seduce multiple women, although he remains troubled by his crumbling marriage. He only sees Emily again at a parent-teacher conference. They almost reconcile, but the teacher they are meeting with turns out to be Kate, and Emily learns of Cal's recent womanizing. She leaves in disgust and begins dating David. Meanwhile, Hannah, a law student, is about to take the bar exam and is expecting a marriage proposal from her boyfriend, Richard (Josh Groban). Hannah's best friend, Liz (Liza Lapira), doesn't believe Hanna is happy with Richard and thinks she should have hooked up with Jacob the night the two met. After Hannah passes the bar exam, Richard does not propose, but instead extends a job offer at his law firm, leaving Hannah hurt and disappointed. Hannah storms from the restaurant and returns to the bar where she originally rejected Jacob's advances. Upon finding Jacob at the bar, Hannah pulls his attention from another young woman and embraces him in a passionate kiss. The two return to Jacob's home and plan to have sex, but end up staying awake all night talking about themselves. Jacob soon starts a relationship with Hannah, and as a result of the amount of time they spend together, ends up distancing himself from Cal. Cal, not understanding why Jacob is avoiding his phone calls, slips back into a lonely and depressive state. At the same time, 13yo Robbie makes numerous grand gestures to try to win the heart of his 17-year-old babysitter, Jessica (Analeigh Tipton). Robbie tells Cal that he believes Jessica is his soulmate just like he believes Emily is Cal's soulmate. Unfortunately, Jessica is not only repulsed by Robbie's advances, but also harbors a crush on Cal. After learning of Cal's womanizing, Jessica, on the advice of a classmate, takes naked photos of herself to send to Cal and tucks them away in an envelope inside her dresser drawer. Later, when Cal is maintaining the backyard of the house at night, which he has been secretly doing since the divorce, he sees Emily making a call to him through the window, asking him for help relighting the pilot light of the furnace. Seeing that she is nowhere near the furnace and that the call was a pretense to talk to him, Cal decides to try win her back. Meanwhile, as Jacob and Hannah peruse the aisles of a store, Jacob finally decides to return Cal's calls and apologizes for being unreachable. He tells Cal that he needs advice because he thinks he is falling for a girl (Hannah) and that he is on his way to meet her mother. Cal reassures Jacob, telling him to just be himself, and gets off the phone, pleased that Jacob finally called back and that he was able to give Jacob some advice rather than the other way around. In preparation for winning his wife back, Cal and his kids create a makeshift mini golf course in their backyard to remind Emily of their first date. During the gathering, Jacob and Hannah show up at the house unexpectedly and Hannah is revealed to be Cal and Emily's daughter. At that moment, Jessica's father, Bernie (John Carroll Lynch), shows up and attacks Cal, having seen the naked pictures of Jessica in the envelope addressed to Cal. Jessica arrives and desperately tries to stop her father's attacks, telling him that Cal knew nothing of the pictures. Robbie gets upset that Cal is Jessica's secret crush. Then David arrives to return Emily's jacket from a previous date. Jacob responds by attacking David for stealing Emily away from Cal. Cal, Jacob, David, and Bernie then get into a scuffle which is broken up by the police, after which Cal leaves everyone in frustration. Cal starts spending his time at the bar again and receives a visit from Jacob, who confesses that he is in love with Hannah. Cal, however, cannot approve of their relationship because he has seen Jacob's womanizing ways. At Robbie's eighth grade graduation, Robbie is the Salutatorian and gives a speech about how he no longer believes in true love and soulmates. Cal stops him and instead begins to recount his courtship with Emily to the audience, saying that, while he doesn't know if things will work out, he will never give up on Emily. With renewed faith, Robbie reaffirms his love for Jessica to audience applause. After the ceremony, Cal finally approves of Jacob and Hannah's relationship. Jessica, flattered by Robbie's declaration of love, gives him an envelope possibly containing the nude photos of herself to "get him through high school." Cal and Emily have a laugh talking about the events that have transpired the past year, as Robbie looks on at them and grins.
tt1478338
Comedy,Romance
Annie Walker (Kristen Wiig) is a single woman in her mid 30s, living in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. After her bakery failed, she lost her boyfriend and all of her savings, and now works in a jewelers store selling engagement rings. Although her flaky mother (Jill Clayburgh) encourages her to return home, Annie rents a bedroom from British immigrant Gil (Matt Lucas) and his lazy overweight sister Brynn (Rebel Wilson). She has a sexual no-strings-attached relationship with the self-absorbed Ted (Jon Hamm) but hopes for something more. Only her friendship with Lillian Donovan (Maya Rudolph) keeps her sane. Lillian becomes engaged to a wealthy banker living in Chicago and asks Annie to be her maid of honor. At the engagement party at Lillian's house, Annie meets her fellow bridesmaids: Lillian's cynical cousin Rita (Wendi McLendon-Covey), idealistic friend Becca (Ellie Kemper), raunchy future sister-in-law Megan (Melissa McCarthy) and Helen Harris, III (Rose Byrne), the beautiful but vain wife of Lillian's fiance's boss. Helen and Annie take an instant dislike to each other as they are both become immediately jealous of the other's friendship with Lillian, but Lillian persuades them to spend time together. During a game of doubles tennis, Annie and Helen are both hyper competitive, deliberately hitting each other with their volleys multiple times. A few days later, Annie takes Lillian and the bridesmaids to a Brazilian restaurant for lunch before going to a chic bridal gown studio. While Lillian is in the restroom, Annie suggests a Parisian themed bridal shower, but Helen thinks this is a bad idea. At the bridal gown studio, Helen again uses her influence to gain them access because Annie did not realize that reservations were needed. However, everyone except Helen (who did not eat the meat at the restaurant) becomes ill with food poisoning. While everyone else becomes ill, Helen orders for everyone the bridesmaids dress that she liked the best. Worried about her finances, Annie suggests a bachelorette party at Lillian's parents' beach house. Helen overrules her and books a trip to Las Vegas. Due to her pride and ego, Annie refuses to allow Helen to buy a first class ticket for her and sits in coach. Because Annie is afraid to fly, Helen gives her sedatives and alcohol. This makes Annie inebriated and paranoid, and her outbursts cause the plane to land in Caspar, Wyoming, where she, Lillian and the bridesmaids are escorted off the plane and the bachelorette party plans are thus canceled. On the bus trip back to Milwaukee, Annie tries to apologize but Lillian announces that she wants Helen to take over planning the shower and wedding. Annie continues to hope for a relationship with Ted, but begins flirting with Officer Nathan Rhoads (Chris O'Dowd), a friendly traffic cop who earlier had let her off without a ticket for broken taillights. Nathan encourages her to open a new bakery, but Annie refuses; her business's failure was so painful that she has given up baking entirely. After spending the night together, Nathan buys baking supplies so Annie can make them a delicious breakfast. Offended, Annie leaves. At her apartment, Gil and Brynn tell her she has to move out. With nowhere else to go, she moves back in with her mother. Annie travels back to Chicago for the bridal shower at Helen's house. Helen has created an elaborate version of Annie's Parisian theme, then upstages Annie's heartfelt, handmade shower gift by giving Lillian a trip to Paris to be fitted for her wedding gown by one of the world's top designers. Enraged that Helen has taken credit for the Parisian theme, Annie throws a temper tantrum and is kicked out of the shower. Lillian tells her not to come to the wedding either. On the way home, Annie's car breaks down. Nathan answers the emergency call and tells Annie how much she hurt him and not to contact him again. Ted comes to pick Annie up but, when he expects her to perform oral sex on him on the way home, she breaks off the relationship and walks home. Over the next several days, Annie becomes reclusive, refusing to leave her mother's house and watching television obsessively. Megan finds her and tells her to stop feeling sorry for herself. Annie realizes her errors and tries to make amends with Nathan by baking him a cake. But he appears to leave it on his doorstep for raccoons to eat. On the day of the wedding, which Annie doesn't intend to attend, Helen appears on the doorstep, begging for help in finding Lillian who has gone missing. Helen tearfully explains how lonely she feels and apologizes for all she has done to hurt Annie out of jealousy. They pull up alongside Nathan in his police car and after some persuasion, he begrudgingly helps Annie and Helen find Lillian at her own apartment. Lillian had gone there distressed by the micromanaging Helen had done in planning everything and her fear that Annie will have no one to be with. Annie tells her everything will be fine and helps her get ready for the wedding. Annie resumes her place as maid of honor at the wedding, which Helen has arranged to include neon signs, fireworks and an appearance by Wilson Phillips. After the wedding, Helen again apologizes to Annie and hopes they can be friends in the future. Realizing that Annie and Nathan were falling in love, Helen arranged for him to pick Annie up after the wedding. He takes her home in his squad car, lights flashing and siren wailing.
tt1659337
Drama
The movie opens with Charlie (Logan Lerman) writing a letter to an anonymous pen pal, discussing his upcoming first day in high school. On his first day, he is harassed by classmates but befriends his English teacher, Mr. Anderson (Paul Rudd). Charlie attends a school football game alone and notices the flamboyant Patrick (Ezra Miller), who is the only senior in his freshman shop class. Patrick asks Charlie to sit with him. They are joined by Patrick's stepsister Sam (Emma Watson), and Charlie immediately notices her beauty. Upon arriving home, he witnesses Candace's boyfriend hitting her, something Charlie is especially sensitive about as his Aunt Helen (Melanie Lynskey) was also abused. Candace persuades him not to tell their parents. Charlie dances with Sam and Patrick at homecoming and goes to a party with them afterwards. There, he meets their other friends, Bob, Mary Elizabeth, and Alice. He also sees Sam with her boyfriend Craig, which makes him jealous. He eats a pot brownie, and the group is amused by his observations. While in the kitchen, Charlie tells Sam that his best friend Michael shot himself last May. He then goes upstairs to the bathroom, leaving Sam shocked. Upstairs, Charlie sees Patrick and Brad (Johnny Simmons), the school's star football player, kissing. Patrick tells Charlie that Brad doesn't want anyone to know about their relationship (as his father would disapprove) and asks him to keep it a secret. Still high, Charlie agrees. Later, Sam whispers to Patrick about what Charlie has gone through and they welcome him in their group of friends. While driving him home, Sam hears a song from the radio and demands that Patrick drive through a tunnel. She stands up in the back of the pickup truck and sways like she's dancing. Again, Charlie is stunned by her beauty. As Christmas draws closer, Charlie helps Sam to study for her SATs and their friends participate in a Secret Santa gift exchange. On the last night of the exchange, Sam takes Charlie into her room and shows him her gift for him, a typewriter. The two start talking about first kisses. Charlie says that he has never kissed a girl, and Sam reveals that her first kiss was from her father's boss, who was molesting her. She tells Charlie that she wants his first kiss to be with somebody who loves him, and the two kiss. Charlie's Birthday(which is on Christmas Eve) arrives, and he remembers his Aunt Helen, who died on the same night in a car accident after getting him a present. Later, at a New Year's Eve party, he takes LSD and has more flashbacks to the night his aunt died. He is eventually found passed out in the snow by the police. Charlie attends the Sadie Hawkins dance with Mary Elizabeth. Afterwards, they go to her house and make out. She then declares that he is her boyfriend. He has no interest in her but continues the relationship because he doesn't know how to break up with her. While playing truth or dare at a party, Patrick dares Charlie to kiss the prettiest girl in the room, and he kisses Sam rather than Mary Elizabeth. Both girls are enraged, and Patrick tells Charlie to stay away until things cool down. Weeks pass and his friends are still ignoring him. In addition, his flashbacks to the night his aunt died are getting worse. Bob tells Charlie that Brad's father caught him and Patrick kissing. Brad comes to school with a bruise on his face but claims he was jumped in a parking lot. Patrick and Brad fight in the cafeteria after Brad calls him a "faggot." Brad's friends then begin to beat up Patrick, until Charlie intervenes. Afterwards, he reconciles with his friends. Patrick is upset after breaking up with Brad and he and Charlie become closer. One night, Patrick kisses Charlie to no reaction, then breaks down because of his unhappiness. Sam breaks up with Craig after finding out he has been cheating on her. Graduation nears and Sam is accepted to Penn State. After her going away party, Charlie helps her pack. Sam then asks Charlie why he never asked her out. After several heartfelt confessions, they begin to kiss, but Charlie pulls away when Sam touches his inner thigh. She asks him what's wrong, but he tells her that nothing's wrong and continues to kiss her. The next day, Charlie is unnerved as he watches Sam leave for school. When he arrives at his empty home, he begins to have a breakdown, flashing back to the memory of his Aunt Helen touching his thigh. He calls Candace and tells her it's his fault their aunt died, and that maybe he wanted her to die. Candace tells her friends to dispatch police on their house. Before Charlie can hurt himself, the police arrives and he blacks out. He wakes up in the hospital. His physician, Dr. Burton (Joan Cusack) explains to Charlie's parents (Dylan McDermott and Kate Walsh) that his Aunt Helen was sexually abusing him, and that Charlie repressed the memory because he blamed himself for her death. After Charlie is discharged from the hospital a few weeks later, Sam and Patrick visit him and take him to their favorite restaurant. They once again drive into the tunnel, and Sam tells Charlie that she finally found the song that was playing the last time they were there. Charlie climbs into the back of the truck and reminisces about life as whole. He kisses Sam, stands up and screams as they exit the tunnel.
tt1336608
Comedy,Drama,Musical
Sherrie takes the bus to Los Angeles, and meets Drew when her precious rock LPs are stolen. Drew works behind the bar at the famous Bourbon club, and Drew gets Sherrie a job there too. Drew and Sherrie are both singers; they become close, and Sherrie helps Drew to overcome his stage fright. The club is in dire financial straits and is relying on a gig by the enigmatic and unreliable rock god Stacie Jaxx and his band Arsenal to save them. When the opening act pulls out, Drew and his band get to open the show instead. A fellow waitress warns Sherrie that, once Drew gets into the spotlight, he'll forget about her. Meanwhile Stacie Jaxx is being interviewed for Rolling Stone magazine by a pretty reporter, Constance Sack. He eventually instructs everyone else to leave, and tells her of his existential angst and the loneliness of sex without love. Her resistance to his rock god charm breaks down; she tells him she can meet his needs, and they engage in frantic sexual activity on the pool table. Sherrie is instructed to bring a bottle of whisky to Jaxx. Through a misunderstanding, Drew thinks Jaxx and Sherrie made love, and when Drew comes off stage he rejects Sherrie. Their lives take different courses; Sherrie quits the Bourbon, and desperate for money, she tries several jobs before ending up in a pole dancing lounge -- first as a waitress and then finally as a dancer. Drew is signed by Jaxx' manager, but when PR guys reject rock music as outdated, he is persuaded to join a boy band instead. He and Sherrie sing 'Here I go again on my own'; Jaxx too is shown lying in bed with a random female, thinking of someone else. Drew and Sherrie finally meet again. The misunderstanding is cleared up, and then Drew finds Sherrie's stolen records for sale. He purchases them, returns them to her, and she attends his gig that night -- his boy band are opening for Stacie Jaxx in the Bourbon club. The boy band are booed off, and instead Drew and Sherrie duet on the song that he wrote for her. The song is a great success and catches the attention of Jaxx, who has been dramatically re-united with Constance. Jaxx adopts the song for his mega-band with Drew and Sherrie singing with him on stadium stages. There is also a subsidiary plot in which Patricia Whitmore, the wife of the new mayor, rallies do-gooders to clean up The Strip by shutting down the Bourbon club and Stacie Jaxx in particular. However, it gradually emerges that she is an ex-Jaxx groupie whose passion against him is that of a woman scorned. Her humiliation is complete when Lonny from the Bourbon club produces an old LP with a picture of her as a groupie inside it. She sneaks into Jaxx' final show dressed in sexy black leather and dark glasses. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Opening credits. Sherrie Christian (Julianne Hough) jumps onto a coach. As many others, she is a young lady with her heart full of dreams of becoming successful and a star. She sings in the bus, creating a diologue with a little girl (Dakota Sage Grant), the bus driver (Toni Saiz) and the rest of the passengers (Tamara Jones). Sherrie arrives to Hollywood, and as soon as she leaves the station, she sees a man (Michael Olusczak) being arrested on the streets, and three street prostitutes surround her, recommending her to go back home, because she may end up like them if she pursues her dreams. Cut to Drew Boley (Diego Boneta) who complains of having to work a lot for a minimal wage job. He has to take out the trash of the Bourbon Club, the rock joint where he works. He complains to his workmate Lonny (Russell Brand), because it's never his turn to take out the trash. Lonny tells him that it's the dues he has to pay before becoming a huge rock star in the future. There is quite a frantic crowd at the Bourbon, and a waitress, Beth (Erica Frene) refuses to kiss one of the customers, and she quits on the spot. Sherrie arrives to the Bourbon Club, and walks past the protesters. A rocker guy (Anthony Bellissimo) sees her, and he asks her where she's -she's from Tulsa, Oklahoma-, welcoming her to Hollywood and right away he steals her full of CDs suitcase. Drew tries to stop him, but the thief runs away. Drew comments that he's in a band, and Sherrie says she's too. She says goodbye, but she doesn't know where to go, so Drew offers to ask his boss Dennis Dupree (Alec Baldwin) to give her a job. The only advice Drew gives her is that, whatever she does, she can never mention that she's a singer. They go inside the Bourbon. Dennis looks to be a bit dumb, as he tells Jimmy (Shane Hartline) off because he charged some ladies but they were no ladies, only long-haired rocker young men. In spite of the advice, Sherrie admits to Dennis to be a singer, and Dennis refuses to take her. However, Drew tells him that Beth just quit, so Dennis has to take her. At the city hall, Mike Whitmore (Bryan Cranston) gives his speech for the election as LA mayor. He says that he wants to clean the city, especially of rock 'n' roll, and that he will be do with the special help of his wife, Patricia Whitemore (Catherine Zeta-Jones). Patricia says she will clean the Strip, the area of the city where the Bourbon is. Lonny thinks that Patricia looks really familiar, but can't remember where he's seen her before. He makes a comment that the mayor used to be a rocker, but he sold himself to the system. Drew and Sherrie are at a music shop. Drew talks about why he wants to be a rocker. There is unresolved chemistry between Drew and Sherrie. Drew's problem is stage fright. She will help him if they go in a date. Whitmore's secretary (Celina Beach) makes a gesture for his boss to call her. Patricia wants to kill the Bourbon, because if she cuts the head of the problem, the Strip will die off. Dennis can't pay the taxes, so his all depends on Stacee Jaxx (Tom Cruise), which is really really bad, because, as Lonny reminds him, he's extremely unreliable. Stacee Jaxx is the frontman of the rock band Arsenal, but he's clearly bigger than his band. Dennis calls Arsenal's manager, Paul Gill (Paul Giamatti). Paul reassures that Stacee will be on on Friday and comments that Rolling Stone magazine will interview him on the premises. The tour Manager (Dann Finnerty) panicks because Stacee is asking him to tone down the volume on the radio and the radio is on Stacee's head. There is a long pause before Paul lies and says Staycee's OK. Stacee's bodyguards (Kevin Nash & Jeff Chase) open up the doors for him. It looks as if Paul's entering the palace of an Egyptian pharaoh. Stacee appears from under several groupies (Chantel Gonsalves, Tyne Stecklein, Hanna Lee Sakakibara & Jaimie Goodwin) with whom he's just had sex. Paul tells him that he needs to go to the stage, he agrees and falls to the private Jacuzzi /swimming-pool. At a church, Patricia is focusing on Stacee Jaxx, who is the devil himself for her, who represents sex, hateful music... and sex. Whitmore and his secretary are sitting together, him saying that Patricia's wonderful, and then they go somewhere private. One of the church ladies (Anne Fletcher) says that his son killed a horse because of Stacee Jaxx's influence. While Patricia sings Hit Me with Your Best Shot, the secretary is disciplining Whitmore as a sexual turn-on. Drew and Chico (Angelo Valderrama) talk and he wishes Drew good luck on his date with Sherrie. He sees Lonny wasted, but lets him be. Drew's family thought that he was going to be a loser, so he could be a loser in his hometown. Sherrie grew up with her grandmother, who encouraged to have big dreams and work for them. They share a night view of LA with all lights on. She kisses him because he sings a little of a song he wrote, probably about her. Arsenal (The band: David Gibbs, Mark Dzier, Brev Sullivan & Daniel Wills) with Stacee Jazz as its frontman, are playing, while we see shots of the things Sherrie and Drew do together. Dennis needs to find an opening act in only two hours, and Sherrie suggests Drew's band. Sherrie says that he'll do it for free, and that nobody cares for the opening act anyway. Drew's band (C.J. Tywoniak, Maxwell Terlecki, Robert Reef & Marcus Johns) are overjoyed, and Drew can tell them straight away because they all work at the Bourbon. Dennis complains that nobody seems to work in the bar industry anymore. Another waitress (Vivi Pineda) says to Sherrie that if he is successful, Sherrie will have to kiss him goodbye. Arsenal arrive in a white limo, and a fan (Laurel Levey-Giacomino) screams Stacee! and faints. Paul arrives, and he tells Dennis that he had told Stacee that the gig was last night. Stacee and his monkey Heyman! arrive in style. Stacee says that Dennis and him are survivors, and hugs Dennis, and that they should burn the Bourbon to the ground so that the phoenix can be born again. Sherrie faints when she sees Stacee. Constance Sack (Malin Ackerman) from Rolling Stone has arrived to interview Stacee Jaxx; he is half-passed out as usual, but will give her 5 minutes. He is difficult throughout the whole interview, and asks the monkey to serve him more Scotch, but when she asks him what it feels like to be the Stacee Jaxx, he seems to respond. He sings He is a Cowboy for Constance, referring to himself, and ends up in front of Sherrie, who starts telling him that his music helped her through difficult years; he tells her to go and fetch a bottle of liquor from his limo. Outside, a reporter asks Patricia why she fights rock, and she says it poisons the ears of children. Lonny appears as a demented person taking his tongue out in fornt of the news reporters. Constance tells Stacee that he's doped with drugs and alcohol and that he keeps on singing the same songs over and over again, that he's lost his magic. Paul wants to complain to Constance's editor, but Stacee tells the girls and him out. Stacee wants sex because he's the projection of what people want him to be, and that only love can save him; she is definitely seduced by his words. Stacee and Constance make love on the pool table, but suddenly, she realizes that he's a mistake, so she leaves half-dressed. When she leaves, Paul, who had been waiting outside all the time, tells her that he'll be eagerly waiting for her report on Rolling Stone. At that moment, Sherrie enters, bumps onto Stacee and breaks the bottle of liquor. Lonny introduces Drew's band Wolfgang Von Colt, and before going onto stage, Drew sees Sherrie leaving Stacee's room, thanking him and composing herself, and on top of everything, he is zipping up his pants. Obviously, he thinks they had had sex. Drew enters the stage in shock, but he reacts and makes the public go wild with I Wanna Rock. Paul thinks he's found a new star. Drew drinks and is mad at Sherrie when she congratulates him; what he says infuriates Sherrie, who ends up slapping him. Sherrie thinks it's the spotlight who's stolen him from her. Paul tells him not to go after Sherrie, because he'll give him longer-lasting fame. That night, both Sherrie and Drew quit. Stacee makes the crowd go wild. Drew signs with Paul. Dennis is happy that the huge revenue is going to save his club, but Paul arrives and takes all the money away, in fact, Dennis owes him 6 bucks. Paul argues that he gave Stacee his first gig back in the day, but Paul says that he gave him his first million. Sherrie has no money to pay her room to the manager (Benjamin Malone), but when she's most desperate, Justice Charlie (Mary J. Blige) offers her an umbrella on a cold, rainy night, and a job as a pole dancer at the Venus Club for Gentlemen, but she prefers to be a waitress and earn less money. Patricia will tell the press the truth about the Bourbon: they haven't paid taxes for a year. Whitmore asks her about her obsession with Stacee, and she says that she was pushed to be her lover when she was an innocent girl. Drew signs a record contract while Sherrie tries to find a different job as her waitressing job doesn't pay much. Dennis is depressed because he's about to lose the Bourbon, but Lonny's love, finally made clear, cheers him up. Sherrie hesitates before a travel agency where she sees an offer for a plane ticket to Tulsa. Justice tells Sherrie that, if she pole dances, she is untouchable, and sets the example of Destiny (Anya Garnis) and Sinnamon (Karelix Alicea), who are queens while dancing. Paul presents Drew to some records execs (Constantine Maroulis & Barry Habit), who say that rock is dead, but pop is hot. Drew is not happy with his pop act. Stacee Jaxx is going solo, and his first gig will be at the Bourbon. At that moment, Drew's pop act will be presented as an opening act, and all revenue will go for the Bourbon - Lonny tosses a coin to decide if he and Dennis can trust Paul this time, and whatever it won, it meant they will trust him just this once. When Paul goes to talk to Stacee, he is mad at him because the article on the Rolling Stone, among other things, says that he squeezed every penny from the Bourbon, and he thought he had done the gig for free. The monkey Heyman is throwing things all over the place. Stacee pees on Paul because he doesn't want to waste good liquor hitting him. Sherrie goes back to the place where she and Drew saw the lights of LA, and he's there as well. They clear the Stacee Jaxx misunderstanding up and Drew gives Sherrie a song he wrote about her. Sherrie tells Justice that she shouldn't have come to LA, but then he receives the stolen records as a present from Drew, who bought them. Stacee phones Rolling Stone magazine wanting to talk to Constance, but a secretary (T. J. Miller) understands Cinderella. He tells him that she's at the Stacee Jaxx gig at the Bourbon and that's the first time Stacee knows about it. Patricia is doing her usual thing outside the Bourbon, demonstrating and creating havoc, but Lonny confronts her. Meanwhile, Whitemore and his secretary are at it again. Stacee arrives at the place on his motorbike, and all the news reporters are there, broadcasting live. He faces Patricia and kisses her lustily. That begins to make her crumble, but Lonny shows the inside photo in one of Arsenal's albums, and there she is: a very young Patricia, showing her breasts, and being a groupie of the rock star. The news shocks Whitemore and destroy Patricia's image. Stacee and Constance meet at the Bourbon, but an adoring groupie comes between them, but they passionately kiss again... eventually. The crowd boos off the Guyeezz (Josh Randall, Jack Mountford & Elgin Kos Aponte) and Drew. Drew and Sherrie kiss passionately and they sing the song he wrote for her. Meanwhile, Stacee and Constance are making love. Cut to a gig where Stacee, Sheree and Drew are singing together. Patricia is among the public, in full rock gear. ---written by KrystenClaire
tt0092007
Adventure,Comedy,Sci-Fi
In this, the final episode of the trilogy that began with Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan (1982), the crew of the Enterprise leaves Vulcan after three months of exile, having voted to return to Earth to face charges for their actions in Star Trek III: The Search for Spock (1984). They depart for Earth on the Klingon Bird-of-Prey they captured from Commander Kruge on the Genesis Planet, now rechristened by Dr. McCoy as the "HMS Bounty". After performing modifications to their new craft, the crew take off and head for Earth. Having had his katra successfully returned to his body, Spock has been in rigorous training sessions to restore his mind. He is able to answer many rapid-fire questions on Vulcan history, science and philosophy but when the testing computer robotically asks him "How do you feel?" Spock doesn't know the answer. His mother, Amanda, informs him that part of the retraining of his mind also involves the human component, which is guided by emotion. She bids him to seek the answer when he leaves with Kirk and the rest of his shipmates. Spock is reinstated as the craft's science officer, a move by Kirk which is questioned by McCoy, who thinks Spock isn't fully up to the challenge. Meanwhile, an alien probe of unknown origin is also on course for Earth. As it travels, it emits a strange signal that disables all of the technology that it encounters, leaving a trail of damaged and powerless starships and starbases in its wake. Upon its arrival on Earth, the planet itself is jeopardized as high technology fails, the oceans are evaporated, and the atmosphere is ionized. Clouds block out the sun, which Earth cannot survive without. Violent storms break out across the Earth's surface, threatening all of humanity and severely disabling all communications. Arriving within our solar system, the Bounty crew receives a distress transmission from the Federation President on Earth who informs them that all craft must stay away from Earth. The Bounty crew analyzes the strange signals from the probe and realizes they are those of whale song, an apparent attempt to communicate with the humpback whales that formerly lived in Earth's oceans but were hunted to extinction in the 21st Century. Kirk asks Spock if the whales song could be simulated, however the language could not be duplicated and a response would only sound like gibberish. The crew decides that the only way to answer the probe's signals is to travel back in time and obtain humpback whales. Kirk orders Spock to begin calculations for time travel and has the Enterprise's chief engineer, Mr. Scott, plan to enclose part of the ship's cargo hold to serve as a storage and transport tank for the whales. Kirk is able to send a final communication to Starfleet on Earth informing them of their plan but it is quickly disrupted by the extreme weather patterns. Using the slingshot-around-the-sun maneuver first developed on the television series, they take the Bounty back to 20th Century Earth where two humpback whales are detected in the vicinity of San Francisco. Cloaked, the Bounty lands in Golden Gate Park, but the strain of time travel has depleted her energy source of dilithium crystals and they must find a way to re-energize them. Spock suggests that since nuclear fission still exists as a power source in the 20th Century, they may be able to capture nuclear particles to rebuild the dilithium crystals. Once in the city, the crew separates to accomplish three different missions: Locate the whales, build a tank within the Bounty that can carry the humpback whales, and locate a source of high-energy photons with which the crystals can be regenerated. Kirk (William Shatner) and Spock (Leonard Nimoy) will locate the whales, Dr. McCoy (DeForest Kelley), Scotty (James Doohan) and Sulu (George Takei) will find materials to build the tank and Chekov (Walter Koenig) and Uhura (Nichelle Nichols) will find a nuclear energy source to repair the dilithium core. The team finds their way into downtown San Francisco and discover that society of the 20th Century is still using money. Kirk sells the antique eyeglasses given to him by McCoy to an antique dealer for $100 and splits the money between himself and the other teams. Kirk and Spock go in search of the two whales, locating them at Sausalito's Cetacean Institute (a redress of the Monterey Bay Aquarium). There, they encounter Dr. Gillian Taylor (Catherine Hicks), the assistant director of the Institute and keeper of the whales who are named George and Gracie. During a regular tour Gillian mentions that the whales will soon be returned to the ocean since the institute can't afford to keep them in captivity. Gillian also says she's grown quite attached to them, as they are gentle, friendly and intelligent animals. Spock dives into the whale tank and mind-melds with one of the whales, but is caught in the act and Kirk and Spock are ejected from the Institute. Walking along Marine Drive in San Francisco, Spock explains that he believes he was successfully explaining their intentions to the whales and that they communicated to him their unhappiness at their treatment by humans. The pair are found by Dr. Taylor and given a ride to Golden Gate Park to drop off Spock. While she drives them there, she asks them questions about their interest in the whales. Spock reveals that Gracie is pregnant and she stops her truck suddenly, somewhat upset and astonished that Spock would know such a fact. To smooth over the tense situation, Kirk suggests that they go to lunch. Kirk goes to an Italian restaurant with Gillian and eventually informs her part of his plan--he does not divulge that the whales are needed to save Earth in the future; he informs her that he is attempting to repopulate the species. Gillian is incredulous but skeptical. Kirk asks her for the radio frequency of the transmitter the whales will be tagged with and she avoids the question. However, she does reveal that the whales are to be released into the ocean at noon the next day. Kirk suddenly realizes that he is on a much tighter timeline than he figured. When Gillian drops off Kirk at Golden Gate Park and he asks her for the radio frequency, she still refuses to turn it over. As she drives away, she just misses him being beamed back onto the Klingon warbird. Meanwhile, Dr. McCoy and Scotty set off in search of material suitable for creating a transparent tank wall on the warbird. Since transparent aluminum hasn't been invented yet, they will have to make due with plastic. At a large company called Plexicorp, they use the formula for transparent aluminum as a bribe to obtain the material they need from the plant's chief researcher, Dr. Nichols (Alex Henteloff). Sulu acquires a military helicopter to transport it back to the Bounty. Finally, Uhura and Chekov go to the Alameda Naval Station to obtain high-energy photons from the reactor of a nuclear "wessel" (which turns out to be the USS Enterprise aircraft carrier). The photons are obtained and Uhura is able to return to the Bounty when Scotty's transporter energy is reduced to minimal, but Chekov is captured and interrogated by naval investigators. Attempting escape, he falls, is seriously injured, and is taken to Mercy Hospital. Overnight, at the Cetacean Institute, the whales have been released, owing to Gracie's advanced pregnancy, and that Gillian's boss thinking it would be easier on her. She furiously slaps her boss and rushes back to Golden Gate Park where she sees Sulu's helicopter lowering the plastic wall into thin air, the cloaked Klingon warbird. Shouting for help, she is beamed aboard, confirming Kirk's story of the previous evening. She is rather overwhelmed but informs Kirk about the whales being let loose during the night. Uhura is able to locate Chekov; McCoy gravely informs Kirk that they cannot leave Chekov behind and at the mercy of 20th Century medicine. Spock concurs, saying that rescuing Chekov, while a potential impediment to their mission, is the human thing to do. Together, she, Kirk and McCoy rescue Chekov from the hospital. McCoy (after curing a elderly woman's kidney dialysis with a single pill) argues briefly with the 20th Century doctor, who plans to drill into Chekov's skull to relieve pressure from hemorrhaging. McCoy insists that the damaged artery in Chekov's skull should be repaired first and scoffs the "medieval" equipment and techniques of 20th Century medicine. Kirk breaks up the argument by locking the doctor and his staff in a small room and McCoy sets about healing Chekov. They exit the OR and are chased by the police guarding Chekov and beam out of the hospital to Golden Gate Park from inside an elevator. They board and the warbird leaves immediately to recapture the whales from the open sea. The whales are swimming in the Gulf of Alaska and about to be harpooned by a whaling vessel when the warbird decloaks, scaring off the hunters. The extra weight of both the whales and the water that were beamed aboard the Bounty create a new problem: the added mass will make their time travel more difficult. Spock is able to alter their trajectory around the sun and they successfully time warp back to the 23rd Century. However, the ship is immediately rendered powerless by the probe and crash-lands in San Francisco Bay near the Golden Gate Bridge. Freed into the ocean, the whales respond to the probe and it is finally satisfied, halting the transmission of its dangerous signal and allowing the Earth to survive. The probe leaves Earth and the crew of the Bounty celebrate in the water as the whales swim off into the Pacific. A brief trial is then held for the crew of the Bounty. Though Spock does not stand accused, he stands with his crewmates as a show of solidarity and gratitude. The charges are serious: conspiracy, assaulting Federation officers, theft of Federation property (the Enterprise), sabotage of the USS Excelsior, willful destruction of Federation property and disobeying direct orders. When asked how they will plead, Kirk answers for everyone, saying they plead guilty. However, as a result of having saved the planet yet again as pointed out by the Federation President, the Federation and Starfleet officials are predisposed towards lenience. All charges arising from their actions in rescuing Spock from Genesis are summarily dropped, save disobeying orders from a superior officer, directed solely at Kirk. The charge results in him being busted down in rank from Admiral to Captain (which they are fully aware he preferred anyway) and he is once again assigned the command of a starship. The President also says that Kirk and his crew saved Earth from its own short-sightedness and its people are forever in their debt. At the trial's conclusion, Kirk and Gillian part ways, as she has been assigned to a science vessel by Starfleet, since she has three hundred years of catchup learning to do. Spock meets his father who confesses that he was wrong opposing his son's decision to join Starfleet: he has done his father proud and has friends of good character. At the end, Sarek asks if Spock has any message for his mother, Spock just says that he feels fine. At Spacedock, the crew speculates that they may command a freighter while Sulu hopes for the USS Excelsior. However, they soon learn that they are assigned a newly christened starship; the USS Enterprise-A, a duplicate of the earlier Enterprise. Now at home with a new ship, the crew sets out for a shakedown mission.
tt0212346
Action,Comedy,Crime
The film opens at a school where a boy is picking on another. We see Gracie Hart as a child who beats up the bully and tries to help the victim (whom she liked), who instead, criticizes her by saying he disliked her because he did not want a girl to help him. She promptly punches the boy in the nose and sulks in the playground. We go forward in time to where Gracie Hart (Sandra Bullock) works for the Federal Bureau of Investigation with Eric Matthews (Benjamin Bratt) as a Special Agent. We see her on a mission where she does not follow orders from her superior and tries to stop their target from choking. Because of her actions one of her squad gets shot. She is put on a desk job. The bureau receives a threat against the 75th annual Miss United States beauty pageant in San Antonio, Texas from notorious domestic terrorist "Citizen". Eric is elected to lead the mission to stop a supposed attack. A computer search identifies Hart as the female FBI agent best qualified to go undercover as a contestant (as Miss New Jersey, the original having quit after she was discovered to have been in a porn film), although she pays little attention to her femininity. Beauty pageant coach Victor Melling (Michael Caine), whose reputation was ruined after his last contestant criticized his methods, teaches the tomboyish Hart how to dress, walk, and act like a contestant. She is unused to such behavior, however, and sees the pageant and its participants as "outdated and antifeminist". Several suspects exist, including competition director and former pageant winner Kathy Morningside (Candice Bergen); her unpleasant son/assistant Frank Tobin (Steve Monroe); veteran emcee Stan Fields (William Shatner) who, like Morningside, is to be soon replaced by a younger person; and Rhode Island's Cheryl Frasier (Heather Burns), possibly a radical animal rights activist. Representing New Jersey as "Gracie Lou Freebush", Hart impresses the audience by playing the glass harp and by later demonstrating self-defense techniques during a talent demonstration, when the other girls drink out of the glass harp. She unexpectedly becomes friends with Frasier and the other contestants. When Citizen is caught elsewhere, Hart gives up her badge and gun in order to continue the pageant investigation alone. Just as Matthews is going to board the plane back to the bureau, he works out that Hart's suspicions were correct. Hart surprises everyone, including herself, by becoming runner-up to Frasier. The agents discover that Morningside and Tobin have been secretly impersonating Citizen due to her old grudge against the contest, and prevent them from murdering Frasier with a bomb in the title tiara. Hart's fellow contestants choose her as Miss Congeniality, and she starts a relationship with Matthews.
tt0074174
Comedy,Drama,Family
Morris Buttermaker (Walter Matthau), an alcoholic and former minor-league baseball player, is recruited by a city councilman and attorney who filed a lawsuit against an ultra-competitive Southern California Little League which excluded the least skilled athletes (including his son) from playing. In order to settle the lawsuit, the league agrees to add an additional team - the Bears - which is composed of the worst players in the whole Little League. Buttermaker becomes the coach of the unlikely team, which includes (among others) a near-sighted pitcher, an overweight catcher, a foul-mouthed shortstop with a Napoleon complex, an outfielder who dreams of emulating his idol Hank Aaron, and a motley collection of other "talent". Shunned by the more competitive teams (and competitive parents), the Bears are the outsiders. They play their opening game, and do not even record an out, with the score at 26 to 0 before Buttermaker forfeits the game. Realizing the team is nearly hopeless, he recruits a couple of unlikely prospects: First up, is sharp-tongued Amanda Whurlizer (Tatum O'Neal), a skilled pitcher (trained by Buttermaker when she was younger) who is the 12-year-old daughter of one of Buttermaker's ex-girlfriends. At first, she tries to convince Buttermaker that she has given up baseball, but then she reveals that she had been practicing "on the sly". Before agreeing to join the team, Amanda makes a number of outlandish demands (such as imported jeans, modeling school, ballet lessons, etc.) as conditions for joining. Upon hearing her demands, Buttermaker asks, "Who do you think you are, Catfish Hunter?" Amanda responds by asking, "Who's he?" Rounding out the team, Buttermaker recruits the "best athlete in the area," who also happens to be the local cigarette-smoking, loan-sharking, Harley-Davidson-riding troublemaker, Kelly Leak (Jackie Earle Haley). With Whurlizer and Leak on board, the team starts gaining more confidence, and the Bears start winning games. Eventually, the unlikely Bears make it to the championship game opposite the top-notch Yankees, who are coached by aggressive, competitive Roy Turner (Vic Morrow). As the game progresses, tensions are ratcheted up as Buttermaker and Turner engage in shouting matches, directing their players to become increasingly more ruthless and competitive against each other, going as far as fighting, spiking on slide, or the batter getting hit on purpose. The turnaround point of the game comes after a heated exchange between Turner's son (and Yankees pitcher) Joey (Brandon Cruz) and the Bears at-bat catcher Engelberg (Gary Lee Cavagnaro). Turner orders his son to walk Engelberg, the only Bears hitter he cannot overcome, despite Joey's wish to give it a try. In response, Joey intentionally throws a wild beanball nearly striking Engelberg in the head. Horrified, Turner goes to the mound and slaps his son. On the next pitch, Engelberg hits a routine ground ball back to Joey who exacts revenge against his father by holding the ball until Engelberg has an inside the park home run. Joey then leaves the game dropping the ball at his father's feet. Buttermaker - realizing that he has become as competitive as Turner - puts the benchwarmers on the field, thus giving everyone a chance to play. In spite of this, the finish-up brings up the best team-play from the Bears. After loading the bases with smart tactics (two walks and a bunt) they nearly recover a four run difference, with the last runner getting taken out at the last moment. Having narrowly lost the game at 7 to 6, Buttermaker gives the team free rein of his beer cooler. Although they did not win the championship, they have the satisfaction of having come a long way. The condescending Yankees congratulate the Bears (in a sarcastic tone implying that they really not mean it) telling them that although they are still not that good, they have "guts." Tanner, the shortstop, replies by telling the Yankees where they can put their trophy. The Bears cheer and Lupus overcomes his chronic shyness enough to yell "Wait 'til next year!", then they spray their beers all over each other. The movie ends with a field celebration by the Bears that makes it look as if they won the game.
tt0421715
Drama,Fantasy,Romance
The film opens up with a tight close up of a very old woman on her deathbed in the hospital. Theres a terrible storm raging outside the window. Clearly in pain, the old woman is struggling to speak and her daughter (Julia Ormond) is at her bedside. We can tell the mother is at the end of her life because when she cries out in pain and her daughter fetches the nurse, the nurse tells her that she can have as much pain medication as she wants. The daughter has come to say goodbye to her mother, but their relationship seems strained. The woman asks in a feeble voice for her daughter to bring her a diary from her belongings and to read it to her. The diary looks like a journal with tickets and photographs glued to the pages. The daughter begins reading from the diary and it turns out to be the story of Benjamin Button. The story begins with the old woman, Daisy, reminiscing about a blind clockmaker who built a clock for Grand Central Terminal in New York. While he was building the clock, his only son goes off to war (WWI) and dies in battle. Through his grief, he continues building the clock. The reveal of the clock is a major event with President Theodore Roosevelt in attendance. When the clock is unveiled, the second hand surprisingly turns counterclockwise and the clock is measuring time backwards. The crowd is shocked and the clockmaker reveals that he wishes that time move backwards so that the events of the war can be reversed and that all the soldiers who died can return to their families. Shortly thereafter, the clockmaker closes his shop and disappears. We then cut to the end of World War I in 1918. Throughout the streets of New Orleans, people are flooding the streets in celebration. A young man (Benjamins father), however, is rushing home to check on his wife who has just given birth. His wife appears to have hemorrhaged during childbirth and is on the brink of death. The presence of the priest who has come to give her last rites confirms this. Before she takes her last breath, she asks her husband to ensure that their child have a place in this world. Benjamins father promises and shortly thereafter the mother expires. He approaches the crib and the attending nurse tries to warn him, but he cries out in horror when he lifts the blanket and sees his son for the first time. He then grabs the baby and tears out of the door. He runs madly into the street with the baby crying wildly and eventually stops at the banks of the river. He contemplates throwing the baby into the river when a policeman stops him and chases him. Benjamins father frantically runs away and eventually stops at the porch of a large house. He hears people inside the house and then impulsively places his baby on the steps of the house and leaves whatever money he has with the baby. Within seconds, a young black couple come out of the house. Theyre flirting with each other, completely unaware of the baby. They begin to descend the stairs and one of them almost trips on the baby. The woman, Queenie, picks up the baby and we see that Benjamin looks like an octogenarian infant. Despite the protests of her husband, she decides to take the baby in. She brings the baby into the house and puts him in the top drawer of her dresser. When the doctor examines Benjamin, he tells her that the baby suffers from arthritis, is nearly blind from cataracts and has osteoporosis. No one expects the baby to survive long. Unable to have a child of her own, Queenie decides that Benjamin is a child of God and takes on the responsibility of raising him. She names him Benjamin and introduces him to the elderly tenants of the house (shes running a retirement home) as her sisters child. The elderly tenants seem to be unfazed by Benjamins unusual appearance. One elderly woman even remarks that he looks just like her ex-husband. Over the next few years, we see Benjamin spend his early years as a short, frail, bald elderly man with glasses when in fact, he is only 5 years old. He calls Queenie Mama and his mannerisms and impulses are very childlike. Although hes fully grown in size, Queenie still bathes him and scolds him like a child when he tries to wander off. He begins to learn to read but cannot walk and is confined to a wheelchair. Then one day, Queenie takes him to an evangelical healer. After healing Queenies infertility, he commands Benjamin to walk during a dramatic healing. After Benjamin stumbles and takes his first steps, the preacher suddenly drops to the floor and dies. Benjamin progresses physically, being able to walk with the help of crutches. He soon befriends a charming Pygmy man who takes Benjamin into town and they seem to connect over their uniqueness. When the Pygmy leaves Benjamin to visit a prostitute, Benjamin misses the last streetcar and must walk home on his crutches. Although Queenie greets him with a harsh scolding, Benjamin remembers his first taste of freedom as one of the best days of his life. Queenie throws a party at the retirement home for visitors, and Benjamin, now able to walk without crutches, soon meets the granddaughter of one of the tenants. Shes a striking red-haired girl with blue eyes named Daisy. Benjamin develops an instant boyish crush on her even though he appears to be an elderly man. In his diary, Benjamin remembers this as the day he fell in love with Daisy. During the party, Queenie announces that shes pregnant and Benjamin feels slightly jealous. Benjamin and Daisy quickly form a bond. They curl up with Daisys grandmother as she reads them childrens stories. Daisy is quick to realize that Benjamin is no ordinary elderly man because of his childlike ways. They spend a lot of time together and sneak off one night to talk but are caught by Daisys grandmother who accuses Benjamin of inappropriate motives. Queenie tells Benjamin that hes no ordinary child, that hes a man-child, and that people will misunderstand him. When Benjamin returns to his room, his elderly roommate talks about how he was struck by lightning seven times. Throughout the course of the film, the random circumstances in which he was struck by lightning are revealed for laughs. Benjamin begins to grow physically and can bathe himself now and seems to be going through puberty even though he still looks elderly. He gains muscle tone and his teeth look healthier. While getting his hair cut by an elderly woman at Queenies house, he remarks that with every day he feels he is growing younger. The woman replies that it must be sad to grow younger and watch the people you love die before you. While Benjamin reflects on this remark, the woman adds that if we didnt lose the people that we love, we wouldnt know how important they are to us. Benjamin later talks about some of the elderly tenants who died during their stay and the things they taught him. Benjamin visits the docks of the harbor and one day volunteers to work for a salty tugboat captain named Captain Mike. Despite his elderly appearance, Captain Mike agrees to take Benjamin on and we see Benjamin mostly scrubbing the decks and doing light work. This is all very exciting to Benjamin and the two quickly become friends. During the course of conversation, Captain Mike learns that Benjamin is still a virgin. Captain Mike decides to take Benjamin to a brothel to fix that. At the brothel, a drunk Captain Mike rants about being a self-proclaimed artist and not a tugboat captain like his father, and then undresses to reveal his self-inked tattoos --- hes a tattoo artist. He then harps on about his hummingbird tattoo and what a remarkable bird it is. Although Benjamin's appearance creeps the prostitutes out, one sympathetic prostitute reluctantly agrees to sleep with him. With the sexual vigor of a teenager, Benjamin wears the prostitute out and agrees to come visit her every day except Sunday (her day off). As hes leaving, we see Benjamins father exiting the brothel and he intuitively recognizes Benjamin as his son. Benjamins father, Thomas Button, offers to give Benjamin a ride home in his fancy, chauffeur driven car. They stop at a bar for Benjamins first drink. They drink and talk until the bar closes and then Tom drives Benjamin home. After Queenie chastises him for staying out late, Benjamin throws up from his first night of binge drinking. One day, Benjamin sneaks the nine-year-old Daisy out for a ride on Captain Mikes tugboat. Still drunk from the previous nights drinking, Captain Mike reluctantly agrees to take them out to sea. The tugboat passes a cruise ship and the captain waves to Benjamin and Daisy. Daisy remarks how she wishes she could be on a cruise ship like that. At about 17, Benjamin still looks like an older man but desires to leave home and work on Captain Mikes tugboat. Daisy is about 12 and makes Benjamin promise that he write to her from wherever he travels to. While Benjamin travels from harbor to harbor on the tugboat, we watch Daisy grow up and train as a ballet dancer. During his travels, Benjamin befriends an unhappily married Englishwoman named Elizabeth (Tilda Swinton) at the hotel he lives in. They end up talking all night almost every night, and she tells Benjamin that she attempted to swim the English Channel when she was 19 but gave up before she could finish. She introduces Benjamin to the finer things in life like caviar and vodka and she tells him about the places hes never seen like Asia. They eventually start an affair and spend every night together. Benjamin writes to Daisy and tells her that hes fallen in love. Then, one night, Elizabeth disappears, leaving only an impersonal note saying it was nice to have met him. Captain Mike announces to the crew that the Japanese have bombed Pearl Harbor and that hes contracted with the US Navy to support the war effort. The cook decides to leave the crew and be with his wife, so Benjamin steps in as cook. The tugboat gets its first taste of war when the crew shows up to the remains of a naval ship carrying soldiers that was just bombed. The tugboat soon catches the eye of the enemy submarine and the crew springs into action, heroically deciding to collide with the submarine and sink it. Gunners on both the tiny tugboat and the submarine exchange fire and ultimately, the tugboat maneuvers itself onto the submarine and sinks it. Captain Mike and several of the crew are wounded and die as a result. Benjamin survives and passes on Captain Mikes earnings to his wife. As he throws out the lifesaver from the tugboat out to sea, a hummingbird flies up from the lifesaver and whizzes by Benjamin. He remarks that he never again saw a hummingbird in the open sea. Returning to Queenies house from the war, Benjamin now looks about 50. Daisy makes a surprise visit and shes about 20. She doesnt recognize Benjamin at first, but after a brief reunion, they decide to go out on a date. At dinner, Daisy talks incessantly about her passion, dancing, and Benjamin cant really get in a word edgewise. Their date ends at a romantic lake where Daisy attempts to seduce Benjamin by doing some impressive ballet moves and talking about her promiscuous life in the ballet company. Benjamin, however, refuses to sleep with Daisy and she leaves disappointed. Benjamins father, Thomas Button, meets up with Benjamin again. Thomas Button walks with a crutch due to an infection in his foot and his health is failing. He invites Benjamin out to dinner and then shows him his button factory. He then reveals to Benjamin that he is his father and shows him pictures of their family. Benjamin has a hard time taking it all in, but eventually realizes that Thomas wants to reconcile with him before he dies. Thomas promises to leave Benjamin everything. Before Thomas dies, Benjamin takes him to the lake to watch the sunrise and both men are at peace with the past. Benjamin later comes to New York to see Daisy in a production of Carousel. Hes moved by her dancing, but Daisy is a little startled to see him come backstage. Refusing his invitation to dinner, she invites him to come out with her dancer friends. Surrounded by young people and watching Daisy flirt with her new boyfriend, Benjamin realizes that theyre worlds apart. Disappointed, he goes back home to Queenies house. Back in todays world, the dying Daisy tells her daughter that Benjamin came to tell her that his father had just died but she was 23 and foolishly wrapped up in her own world. Daisy then shows her daughter pictures of her as a young dancer and reveals that she was the first American to be invited to dance with the Bolshoi Ballet. (You begin to understand that Daisy has held back a lot from her daughter.) Daisy remarks that even though she had many lovers in her youth, she always thought about Benjamin and felt connected to him. Meanwhile, the storm rages on outside the hospital window and the news report reveals that it is, in fact, Hurricane Katrina. Daisy is now dancing with a ballet company in Paris. Benjamin narrates a series of events that make up a chain reaction resulting in Daisy getting hit by a taxi. A friend wires Benjamin the news about Daisy and he comes to Paris to see her. We learn that the car crushed Daisys right leg and thus ended her dancing career. Full of both angry pride and shame, Daisy tells Benjamin to leave her alone. He leaves, but as the diary reveals, Benjamin stays in Paris for a while to look out for Daisy. As her daughter reads from Benjamins diary, the modern Daisy had no idea he had stayed in Paris and begins to weep. Although he was in love with Daisy, Benjamin reveals he slept with several women while in Paris. A few years later, Benjamin appears to be about 40 and we see him speeding on a motorcycle and wearing aviator sunglasses, a dead ringer for James Dean. Daisy, having recovered and able to walk again, visits Benjamin at Queenies house. She asks him to sleep with her and he promptly says yes. They visit the same lake Benjamin took his father to and as they watch the sunrise, Daisy promises to never indulge in self-pity again. They end up traveling together and living on the sailboat Thomas Button left his son. When they return from their travels, Queenies house is empty and the couple learn that Queenie has just died. They attend her funeral services and Benjamin sells his fathers house. He and Daisy buy a duplex and spend all their time as a young 40ish couple in their sparely furnished apartment. They make love all day and watch the Beatles on American TV for the first time. Renewing her love for dance, Daisy has opened up a dance studio and teaches little girls. She is dancing in front of the mirror one day when her leg injury reminds her of her limitations. In spite of this, Benjamin, who is watching, clearly still loves and admires Daisy. She remarks that theyve finally met halfway in time (Benjamin is 49 and Daisy is 43), and then Daisy reveals that shes pregnant. Months later, Benjamin expresses his concern that the baby will be like him but Daisy assures him that she will love the baby even more if it is. Before they leave the diner, Benjamin sees Elizabeth on TV, celebrated as the oldest woman to swim the English Channel (shes 68). Later, Daisy delivers a perfectly healthy baby girl and names it after Benjamins mother, Caroline. (According to imdb.com, the baby is actually played by Brad Pitts real daughter, Shiloh, at 10 months.) Back to modern times, the daughter suddenly realizes from reading the diary that Benjamin is her real father. Daisy had remarried and the daughter, Caroline, had grown up thinking that her stepfather was her birth father. Visibly upset, Caroline leaves and smokes in another room before a nurse tells she cant smoke indoors. She comes back and resumes reading from the diary. Benjamin is clearly worried about being able to care for his wife and child as he grows younger and younger. Daisy is adamantly optimistic and assures Benjamin that she can care for him and the baby, but Benjamin is not convinced. He tells her that she would be disappointed with such a life and that the baby deserves a father and not a playmate. He tells Daisy that he wants Caroline to have a real father and that he wants to leave before she can remember him. Daisy begins to worry that he is no longer attracted to her as she continues aging and he becomes more youthful. After Carolines first birthday, Benjamin sells his fathers button factory, the sailboat, the summer cottage and all his assets and leaves all money in bank's safe deposit for Carolines & Daisay before walking out the door. The modern day Daisy reveals to Caroline that she soon met Carolines father shortly thereafter and that Benjamin was right, she wasnt strong enough to raise the both of them alone. She doesnt know what Benjamin did during that time, but the diary reveals he did visit Daisy once more. Now about 23 years old in appearance, Benjamin visits Daisys dance studio one night and Daisy, now about 60, is startled by his return. Benjamin is youthful and strikingly handsome while Daisy has naturally aged. He meets his teenage daughter and Daisys husband. The husband and daughter wait in the parking lot while Benjamin and Daisy talk. She explains that her husband is a widower and that Caroline has a lot of Benjamins attributes. Daisy leaves with her family but later comes to Benjamins room at night. Although clearly embarrassed by his striking youth juxtaposed with her aging body, Daisy cannot suppress her desire to be with him. Its quite obvious though, that Benjamins love for Daisy has not waned and the two make love before Daisy says goodbye one last time. The modern day Caroline remembers the visit from the mysterious stranger and then finds postcards in the diary from Benjamin addressed to Caroline on several of her birthdays. With each postcard, Benjamin expresses his regret that he wasnt there during key milestones in life, like her first day at school and her first heartache. We then see Benjamin live out his 20s, drifting and traveling. He wanders around India and works odd jobs, often sleeping in abandoned buildings. Then one day, Daisy receives a mysterious phone call and takes a cab to Queenies house. Child Protective Services has found Benjamin, now a minor, living in an abandoned building in New Orleans. They managed to trace Daisy from all the references to her in his diary. We see that Benjamin is now a pimply 12 year old who is afraid of human contact and is showing signs of dementia. He doesnt remember Daisy but feels like he should know her. The modern day Daisy then narrates that she moved into Queenies house to care for Benjamin. We see Benjamin as a difficult seven year old showing signs of Alzheimers disease (i.e. he throws a tantrum because he doesnt remember eating breakfast). Like a loving and patient grandmother, Daisy seems to be able to calm him and she reads to him from the same childrens book her grandmother once read to her and Benjamin. In one heartbreaking scene, Benjamin regresses to a four year old and talks about having the feeling that hes lived an entire life but cant remember any of it. Another day, he ends up on the roof and Daisy talks him down. We then see him regress to a toddler and then finally an infant in elderly Daisys arms. Daisy narrates that one day, Benjamin took one last knowing look at her and then died in her arms. Fully spent by this story, Daisy and her daughter share a sense of relief and closure that comes with the revelation of long-hidden truths. In the background, Hurricane Katrina is getting dangerously near the hospital and soon diverts Carolines attention away from her mother. Daisy looks to the window and sees a hummingbird approach and then fly away into the storm. The camera pans out to reveal hospital staff scurrying to evacuate patients and transport medical supplies. We then see a montage of some of the memorable characters from the film, spoken of by Ben himself, and ending with the hurricane's waters washing into a storeroom where sits the old clock, still ticking backwards.
tt1135985
Comedy,Romance
Ian Lafferty (Josh Zuckerman) is an 18-year-old recent high school graduate. He searches for a girl online making it look as if he's buff and suave, although he's sweet and unassuming. He soon meets "Ms. Tasty" (Katrina Bowden) and agrees to meet her in person. She lives in Knoxville, while he lives in Brookfield. With his best friends Lance (Clark Duke) and Felicia (Amanda Crew), they go in a Pontiac GTO Judge borrowed without permission from Ian's arrogant homophobic older brother Rex (James Marsden). On the way to Knoxville, they come across a hitchhiker (David Koechner), as the radiator in the Judge overheats. They attempt urinating in the radiator, which only works briefly as they try to leave the hitchhiker in the dust. The hitchhiker, frustrated at Ian's lack of concern for his well being, leaves. As Ian and Felicia wander to find help, Lance is waiting with the car as Ezekiel (Seth Green) happens by in his horse-drawn buggy. Ezekiel and his Amish buddies repair the car while they join a Rumspringa party where Fall Out Boy is playing a concert and at which Lance meets an attractive Amish girl, Mary (Alice Greczyn). The three promise to come again on the way back to do some work in return. They go to jail due to Ian throwing a tire iron into a state trooper car (due to his increasing frustration at trying to put a possum he hit out its misery), and are released after Mary pays the bail. They find a hotel that sports a wide variety of role playing rooms. Rex arrives angrily and insists that they go back and that Ian cannot visit Ms. Tasty. After Ian pretends to be gay, Rex allows him to see Ms. Tasty, hoping this encounter will change Ian's mind. Ian finally meets Ms. Tasty, However, when he tells her about Felicia, her seduction for Ian to take off his clothes becomes a threat as her psychotic boyfriend Bobby Jo (Dave Sheridan) puts a gun to Ian's head. It becomes apparent that the couple work at a chop shop and attempts to rob Rex's Pontiac GTO. During the comic confrontation, Ian manages to save Felicia, who then is able to run off and report to the police. Ms. Tasty tries to escape, but is stopped by Andy and Randy, two students from Ian's high school she failed to manipulate. Bobby Jo, on the other hand, is treated after being shot by Ian in self defense. Felicia tells the police about the chop shop location and the couple is arrested. In the end, Lance refuses to come back home, decides he prefers Amish life, and stays behind to marry Mary, while Ian and Felicia realize their love for each other. On New Year's Eve Ian gives his virginity to Felicia. It is also revealed Rex's homophobia stemmed from the fact that he was hiding his own homosexuality. In the final frame of the film, a picture is shown of Lance and Mary being married, accompanied by Ian and Felicia. He's shown sporting a beard much like Ezekiel. A clip of Ezekiel and Fall Out Boy arguing over the fact that the Amish fixed Fall Out Boy's tour bus for just "a five song set" in form of compensation serves as a running gag during the credits of the film.
tt1748122
Comedy,Drama,Romance
In the summer of 1965, Walt and Laura Bishop (Bill Murray and Frances McDormand) live on the New England island of New Penzance with their three young sons and troubled 12-year-old Suzy (Kara Hayward), who is secretive, solitary, and prone to fits of aggression. The island is nervously awaiting a violent storm, due to hit in a few days' time. On the other side of the island, Troop 55 of the Khaki Scouts is spending the summer at Camp Ivanhoe, under the leadership of Scoutmaster Randy Ward (Edward Norton). It is noticed that the most unpopular scout, 12-year-old Sam Shakusky (Jared Gilman), has fled camp during the night, leaving Ward a letter of resignation from the Scouts and stealing a canoe and supplies. Ward sends the remaining scouts (and the camp dog, Snoopy) out to hunt for Sam, and the boys speak of him with a mixture of hostility and fear, as he is believed to be emotionally disturbed and possibly dangerous. Unbeknownst to anyone but themselves, Sam and Suzy had been pen pals for months after meeting backstage during a production of "Noye's Fludde" at St. Jack's Church on the island of St. Jack Wood, a neighboring island. Sam was drawn to Suzy's frank and rebellious personality, while Suzy was charmed by Sam's bold yet casual manner. Over the next year, they develop a plan to reunite in the summer and run away together. When the chosen date approaches, Sam escapes camp and Suzy slips out of her house with her binoculars, her cat, six library books, and her brother's record player. They meet in a field and begin their journey. Scoutmaster Ward notifies Police Captain Sharp (Bruce Willis) of Sam's absence, and Sharp makes a call to what he assumes is Sam's home. It is revealed that Sam is an orphan (which was not listed in Ward's camp records), and that his foster parents are refusing to take him back, due to a long history of strange and sometimes dangerous behavior displayed by Sam. Sharp and Ward are saddened that their only option is to turn Sam over to Social Services once they find him. Meanwhile, Suzy's parents discover she is missing, and discover her plan from a shoebox full of letters she received from Sam. Working with Captain Sharp (with whom Laura Bishop is having an affair), they combine their knowledge of the two kids and begin to track them. Meanwhile Suzy and Sam hike through the woods, stopping sporadically for food and conversation. Suzy explains that she wanted to leave home because both she and her family were frustrated with her moods and behavior. Sam has had trouble making friends because of his oddness and shameless independence, and had a turbulent experience with his foster family before going to Camp Ivanhoe. They are finally discovered by the boys of Troop 55, who have all brought weapons. They attempt to attack and capture Sam, but there is a brief skirmish in which Suzy stabs one of the more aggressive scouts with her lucky left-handed scissors, and the camp dog, Snoopy, is accidentally shot through the neck with an arrow. The scouts flee the woods and report back to Sharp, Ward, and Suzy's parents to inform them of the pair's whereabouts. The injured scout is taken for medical treatment, and Suzy's father expresses his rage and frustration at Scoutmaster Ward, blaming him for letting one of "these beige lunatics" run away with his daughter. A veteran resident of the island (Bob Balaban) who had been Sam's former teacher (and also acts as the narrator for the film) interrupts the ruckus and suggests that they search a cove at the other side of the island, as Sam had expressed an interest in retracing a Native American migration route there. Suzy and Sam set up camp at the cove in question, and bond more while swimming, dancing on the beach, and having their first kiss. Sam makes a pair of earrings for Suzy out of green beetles and fish hooks, which Suzy happily accepts, even allowing Sam to jab the hooks through her un-pierced earlobes. They talk more throughout the evening. Sam paints a picture of Suzy, and Suzy reads aloud from one of her books. They fall asleep content, but are awoken the next morning by Captain Sharp, Scoutmaster Ward, Suzy's parents, and Troop 55, who finally tracked them down. Sam and Suzy are forcibly separated. Back home, Suzy treats her family with stoic hostility, as they have forbidden her from seeing Sam again. Sam is given a letter from his foster family, making it clear that he cannot return to live with them. Now homeless, Sam is temporarily taken in by Captain Sharp, who develops a bond with the intelligent young outsider. Sharp and Ward, who are sympathetic to Sam's situation, reluctantly speak to a representative of Social Services (Tilda Swinton), who informs them that due to Sam's history of troubling behavior, he will have to be placed in "juvenile refuge" and possibly undergo shock therapy. Back at Camp Ivanhoe, Troop 55 has a collective change of heart, and the scouts feel guilty for their poor treatment of Sam. Now knowing the sad details of Sam's past and his decidedly bleak future, they decide it is their duty to rescue him. They gather supplies and escape camp, sneaking to Suzy's house to reunite her with Sam. They flee to Captain Sharp's home, an enthusiastic Suzy in tow, having left a homemade dummy in her bed as a decoy. They rescue Sam, who finally begins to trust his former enemies and is overjoyed to see Suzy again. The next step of the plan is to make the trip to the Khaki Scouts Hullaballoo at Fort Lebanon, staffed by Cousin Ben (Jason Schwartzman), an older relative of a member of Troop 55. Sam and Suzy explain their situation to Cousin Ben, and that they are in love. Cousin Ben, having quasi-official authority to do so, offers to preside over an impromptu wedding for the pair (which will have no legal standing, but would be of emotional significance). The "newlyweds" then board a sailboat and are about to make their escape with further help from Cousin Ben, but Suzy realizes she left her binoculars behind. Sam rushes back to get them, but is confronted by the scout whom Suzy had previously stabbed, who is recovering in the infirmary. The vengeful scout taunts Sam with Suzy's binoculars. Sam finally cracks and attacks the scout, who promptly rats out the fugitive Troop 55. Troop 55, Sam, and Suzy are chased off Hullaballoo premises as the predicted massive storm begins to brew overhead. Sam is struck by lightning during the chase, but recovers instantly. Back at Fort Lebanon, Scoutmaster Ward has arrived in search of his missing troop. The high-ranking Commander Pierce (Harvey Keitel), in charge of the Hullaballoo, is outraged by Ward's supposed incompetence and strips him of his title. The camp prepares to evacuate to higher ground, as the storm is now in full swing. Before they can do so, the flood hits. Ward springs into action and rescues Commander Pierce, who was trapped in his headquarters at the time, and carrying Pierce on his back, shuttles everyone out of camp. Back on the island of St. Jack Wood, Troop 55, Ward, Pierce, Captain Sharp, Suzy's parents, and the Social Services representative (who had arrived that morning to collect Sam, who by then was again missing) crowd into St. Jack's Church, which is the designated storm shelter. Sam and Suzy are present, but hiding near the steeple. After much squabbling from the adults over the welfare of the children and Sam's future, Sam and Suzy are spotted and quickly escape to the roof. Horrified, Captain Sharp scrambles for a solution. He knows Sam and Suzy are only being elusive because they expect to be separated again once they are found. He asks Social Services if Sam could be allowed to stay with him on the island, so as to be near Suzy, but the representative initially refuses because Sharp is not married. However, Suzy's parents, both lawyers, assure that there is no legal reason that should prevent the arrangement. Frantic, Sharp climbs to the roof, where Sam and Suzy are huddled by the steeple in pouring rain and raging wind. They are preparing to jump into the flood below, but Sharp pleads with Sam to consider the offer of a new home on the island. Sam consents, but before the three can climb down to safety, the steeple is struck by lightning and severed, leaving Sharp, Sam, and Suzy dangling precariously over the raging waters. Miraculously, they survive by hanging on to each other from the church eaves. Some time later, Suzy is safe at home again. Sam makes daily visits to her house, though it is unclear whether Suzy's parents permit this, since Sam enters and leaves through an upstairs window. He lives happily with Captain Sharp, who is grooming him to be a future member of island police. Things at Camp Ivanhoe are looking up. Scoutmaster Ward has his job back, is in a relationship with the pretty switchboard operator from the post office, and is welcoming new recruits into Troop 55. The film closes with a close-up of a painting Sam has done of the cove where he and Suzy stayed during their adventure. While they camped there, they decided they did not like the name of the island and planned to think up a new one. We do not see the name they chose until Sam's painting reveals it: Moonrise Kingdom, spelled out with rocks on the beach of the cove.
tt0332280
Drama,Romance
In a modern-day nursing home, an elderly man named Duke (James Garner) begins to read a love story from his notebook to a female fellow patient (Gena Rowlands). The story begins in 1940. At a carnival in Seabrook Island, South Carolina, local country boy Noah Calhoun (Ryan Gosling) sees seventeen-year-old heiress Allie Hamilton (Rachel McAdams) for the first time and is immediately smitten. She continuously refuses his persistent advances until their well-meaning friends lure them together; they then get to know each other on a midnight walk through empty Seabrook. Noah and Allie spend an idyllic summer together. One night, a week before Allie is to leave town, she and Noah go up to an abandoned house called The Windsor Plantation. Noah tells her that he hopes to buy the house, and Allie makes him promise that the house will be white, with blue shutters, a walk-around porch, and a room that overlooks the creek so she can paint. They intend to make love for the first time, but are interrupted by Noah's friend Fin (Kevin Connolly) with the news that Allie's parents have the police out looking for her. When Allie returns home, her disapproving parents ban her from seeing Noah again. Allie fights with Noah outside and the two decide to break up. Allie immediately regrets the decision but Noah drives away. The next morning, Allie's mother reveals that they are going home that morning. Allie frantically tries to find Noah, but is forced to leave without saying good-bye. The Hamiltons then send Allie to New York, where she begins attending Sarah Lawrence College. Noah, devastated by his separation from Allie, writes her one letter a day for a year, only to get no reply as Allie's mother keeps the letters from her. Noah and Allie have no choice but to move on with their lives. Allie continues to attend school, while Noah and Fin enlist to fight in World War II. Fin is killed in battle. Allie becomes a nurse for wounded soldiers. There, she meets the wealthy Lon Hammond, Jr. (James Marsden), a well-connected young lawyer who is handsome, sophisticated, charming and comes from old Southern money. The two eventually become engaged, to the joy of Allie's parents, although Allie sees Noah's face when Lon asks her to marry him. When Noah returns home, he discovers his father has sold their home so that Noah can go ahead and buy The Windsor Plantation. While visiting Charleston to file some paper work, Noah witnesses Allie and Lon kissing at a restaurant, causing Noah to go a little crazy, convincing himself that if he fixes up the house, Allie will come back to him. While trying on her wedding dress in the 1940s, Allie is startled to read about Noah completing the house in the style section of a Raleigh newspaper and faints. She visits Noah in Seabrook and he invites her to dinner, during which Allie tells Noah about her engagement. Noah questions whether Allie's future husband is a good man and she reassures Noah that he is. Later in the evening, Noah invites Allie to come back tomorrow. In the present, it is made clear that the elderly woman is Allie suffering from dementia, which has stolen her memories and Duke is her husband. Allie does not recognize their grown children and grandchildren, who beg Duke to come home with them. He insists on staying with Allie. The next morning, Allie and Noah go rowing on a nearby lake and begin to reminisce about their summer together. As a rain storm starts Noah rows to shore, where Allie demands to know why Noah never wrote to her. After the revelation that Noah had indeed written to Allie, they share a passionate kiss, before making love into the night. The next day, Allies mother appears on Noahs doorstep, telling Allie that Lon has followed her to Seabrook after Allie's father told him about Noah. Her mother takes Allie out for a drive to show her that there had been a time in her life when she could relate to Allie's present situation. On returning to Noah's, she hands her daughter the bundle of 365 letters that Noah had written to her. When alone, Noah asks Allie what she is going to do; Allie is confused and confesses that she doesnt know. Noah asks her to just stay with him, admitting it is going to be really hard, but he is willing to go through anything because he wants to be with her. Confused as ever, Allie drives off. Allie drives to the hotel and confesses to Lon, who is angry but admits that he still loves her. He tells her that he does not want to convince his fiance that she should be with him, but Allie tells him he does not have to, because she already knows she should be with him. The film goes back to the elderly couple, and Duke asks Allie who she chose. She soon realizes the answer herself; young Allie appears at Noah's doorstep, having left Lon at the hotel and chosen Noah. They embrace in reunion. Elderly Allie suddenly remembers her past before she and Noah/Duke joyfully spend a brief intimate moment together; after originally finding out about her illness, she had herself written their story in the notebook with the instructions for Noah to "Read this to me, and I'll come back to you." But soon Allie relapses, losing her memories of Noah yet again. She panics, and has to be sedated by the attending physician. This proves to be too difficult for Noah to watch and he breaks down. The next morning, Noah is found unconscious in bed and he is rushed to the hospital; he later returns to the nursing home's intensive care ward. He goes to Allie's room later that night, and Allie remembers again. The next morning, a nurse finds them in bed together, having both died peacefully holding each other's hands. The last scene shows a flock of birds flying away.
tt0458352
Comedy,Drama
Andrea "Andy" Sachs (Anne Hathaway), an aspiring journalist fresh out of Northwestern University, lands the magazine job "a million girls would kill for": junior personal assistant to icy editor-in-chief Miranda Priestly (Meryl Streep), who dominates the fashion world from her perch atop Runway magazine. Andy puts up with the eccentric and humiliating requests of her boss because, she is told, if she lasts a year in the position she will get her pick of other jobs, perhaps even the journalistic position she truly craves. At first, she fits in poorly among the gossipy fashionistas who make up the magazine staff. Her lack of style or fashion knowledge and fumbling with her job make her an object of scorn around the office. Senior assistant Emily Charlton (Emily Blunt), Miranda's senior personal assistant, is condescending to her. Gradually, though, with the help of art director Nigel (Stanley Tucci), Andrea adapts to the position and its many perks, including free designer clothing and other choice accessories. She begins to dress more stylishly and do her job competently, fulfilling a seemingly impossible request of Miranda's to get two copies of an unpublished Harry Potter manuscript to her daughters. She also comes to prize chance encounters with attractive young writer Christian Thompson (Simon Baker), who helped her obtain the Potter manuscript and suggests he could help her with her career. At the same time, however, her relationship with her boyfriend Nate (Adrian Grenier), a chef working his way up the career ladder, and other college friends suffers due to the increasing time she spends at Miranda's beck and call. Shortly afterwards, Andrea saves Miranda from social embarrassment at a charity benefit when the cold-stricken Emily falters in reminding Miranda who an approaching guest is. As a result, Miranda tells Andrea that she will accompany her to the fall fashion shows in Paris, rather than Emily who had been looking forward to the trip for months, but is currently suffering from the flu. Miranda warns Andrea that if she declines, it could adversely affect her future job prospects. Emily is hit by a car before Andrea can tell Emily that she is not going to Paris with Miranda, making Andrea's choice moot. During a gallery exhibit of her friend Lilly's (Tracie Thoms) photography, Andy again encounters Christian, who openly flirts with her, much to the shock and disgust of Lilly, who witnesses it all. After Lilly calls her out and walks away, Andy bumps into Nate, who, when she tells him she will be going to Paris, is angered that she refuses to admit that she's become the girls she's made fun of and that their relationship has taken a back seat. As a result, they break up in the middle of the street the night before she leaves for Paris. In Paris, Nigel tells Andrea that he has gotten a job as creative director with rising fashion star James Holt (Daniel Sunjata), at Miranda's recommendation, and will finally be in charge of his own life. Andrea also finally succumbs to Christian's charms, and sees her boss let down her guard for the first time as she worries about the effect an impending divorce will have on her twin daughters. But in the morning, Andrea finds out about a plan to replace Miranda as Runway editor with Jacqueline Follet, editor of the magazine's French edition, later that day. Despite the suffering she has endured at her boss's behest, she attempts to warn Miranda but is seemingly rebuffed each time by the very same woman she tries to save professionally. At a luncheon later that day, however, Miranda announces that it is Jacqueline instead of Nigel who will leave Runway for Holt. Later, when the two are being driven to a show, she explains to a still-stunned Andrea that she was grateful for the warning but already knew of the plot to replace her and sacrificed Nigel to keep her own job. Pleased by this display of loyalty, she tells Andrea she sees some of herself in her. Andrea, repulsed, said she could never do to anyone what Miranda did to Nigel, primarily as Nigel mentored Andrea. Miranda replies that she already did, stepping over Emily when she agreed to go to Paris. If she wants to get ahead in her career, that's what she'll have to be willing to do. Andrea gets out of the limo at the next stop, going not into the show with Miranda but out into the street, where instead of answering yet another call from her boss she throws her cell phone into a nearby fountain, leaving Miranda, Runway and fashion behind. Later, back in New York, she meets Nate for breakfast. He has accepted an offer to work as a sous-chef in a popular Boston restaurant, and will be moving there shortly. Andrea is disappointed but her hope is rejuvenated when he says they could work something out, implying they will have a long-distance relationship in the future. At the film's conclusion, she has finally been offered a job as a newspaper reporter, greatly helped by a fax from Miranda herself who told Andrea's prospective boss-in-line that Andrea was her "biggest disappointment ever", and that if they didn't hire her they would be idiots. Andrea calls Emily and offers her all of the clothes that she got in Paris, which Andrea insists that she doesn't need anymore. Emily accepts and tells Andrea's replacement she has some big shoes to fill. In the last shot, Andrea, dressed as she was at the beginning of the film but with a bit more style, sees Miranda get into her car across the street. They exchange looks and Miranda gives no indication of a greeting, but gives a soft smile once inside the car, before sternly telling her chauffeur to "go!".
tt1535438
Comedy,Drama,Romance
After 31 years of marriage, Kay and Arnold sleep in separate rooms, and he has lost interest in being intimate with her despite her efforts. Their lives in Omaha have become routine; their anniversary present to each other is a new cable TV package. He goes to work as an accountant and she tends to their home and his meals in addition to keeping a job in a clothing boutique. Their kids are grown and detached from them. Kay has not abandoned hope in improving their marriage, and finds a self-help book by a Dr. Feld, a marriage therapist who maintains a practice in Maine. Soon Kay tells Arnold that she has paid for a one-week therapy vacation with Dr. Feld, and he insists he will not go. Instead, Arnold takes the advice of a colleague and tries to make Kay feel better with a pair of cheap earrings and some flowers. She is unimpressed, and pushes him to go on the trip, pointing out that he no longer has physical interest in her, and she wants to try to get some passion back in their marriage. The next morning, Kay leaves for the airport without Arnold, and after some reflection, Arnold relents and joins her on the trip. In the small coastal town of Great Hope Springs where Dr. Feld has his office, the couple check into a modest hotel and Arnold insists on sleeping on the pull-out bed in a separate room. They start their therapy with Dr. Feld the next morning and Arnold remains clearly resistant, saying their relationship is "adequate" enough without help, whereas Kay wants a marriage again. Arnold recoils in embarrassment when Kay describes how he does not touch her, and she says they dont talk about anything. Dr. Feld describes how they will need to do some tough work before feeling better. Arnold protests that Dr. Feld costs too much and goes on complaining that the whole trip is a waste of time and money. In their next session, they recall how they met in college and got married; years later they took to sleeping in separate rooms when he had a back injury, and Kay got used to it. When Dr. Feld asks, Arnold can't remember the last time they had sex, but Kay remembers the exact date over 4 years earlier. Arnold is very awkward as Dr. Feld asks more sexual questions, and he refuses to take on his assignment that the two of them hold each other for some time that evening. Kay leaves the session in anger and runs away, finding a local bar where she has a glass of wine and talks to the friendly barmaid about the lack of sex in her marriage. Arnold wanders off and finds a museum. After Kay returns, Arnold awkwardly volunteers to do Dr. Felds assignment, and the two of them lay down together in bed without touching, which Arnold thinks is "probably enough." After a moment, they roll toward each other and tentatively embrace. The next morning, Kay is quite happy to wake up and find Arnold still sleeping next to her, with his arm around her. They explain their sense of progress to Dr. Feld, who quickly pushes them to move into further discussion of their sex lives. Arnold suddenly thinks they've had enough, but Kay persists with describing how she only sometimes liked intercourse and had orgasms, and does not masturbate because it makes her sad. Her fantasy is that someday they will renew their vows on a beach, but she laughs at the suggestion of having sexual fantasies. Arnold says he likes the missionary style; he felt that oral sex was not an option; he does not have erectile dysfunction. He slowly admits he's had a fantasy of Kay giving him "oral... at work... under the desk... at tax time," and of a threesome with a female neighbor. That night at the hotel they start their next exercise, which starts with Arnold lying in bed fully clothed and Kay touching him, but he responds with disinterest until Kay moves toward his crotch, which arouses him to the point that he suddenly wants to stop. Then he abruptly goes to bed alone in the other room. Later, Kay tries delicately masturbating, and soon brings herself to arousal. In their session with Dr. Feld the next morning, Arnold and Kay say their exercise made them aroused, but Arnold admits he wanted to stop, insisting he was not afraid of anything. He gets so mad he leaves. When Arnold returns to the hotel that evening, Kay tells him Dr. Feld has agreed to refund half their fee, and they should plan to leave. She still maintains that she has nothing to move forward to in their marriage, and she was still hoping they could change. The next morning, the couple return to Dr. Feld's office and Arnold persists with his anger about being pushed to talk about his feelings. He tells Kay that she always gets what she wants; she tells Arnold that he has lost affection for her. They admit their sex is bland, without desire. Arnold maintains that he was faithful by never cheating on her. Dr. Feld asks them to describe their best sex, and Arnold remembers a time when Kay was pregnant and they did it on the kitchen floor, which Kay recalls with tearful joy. Arnold says he remembers just wanting her, but he hasn't felt that way in a long time. Kay mentions she has a potent fantasy of having a new kind of sex with Arnold. Dr. Feld thinks of a new assignment. Kay and Arnold go to a movie theater showing a French farce, where she begins to stroke his leg and tries to start fellatio on him. He is initially thrilled but she has trouble seeing and walks out in frustration. Arnold follows after her and tries to reassure her, but she walks away. In separate sessions with Dr. Feld, Kay and Arnold describe how uncomfortable they were with the blowjob attempt in the theater. Kay wonders if she'd be happier living alone; Arnold says he does not want to be alone. Dr. Feld gives Kay a "prescription" for a book on sex tips; he asks Arnold to consider if he could make Kay happier. Arnold walks to a local fancy inn and patiently waits until he can get a dinner reservation. That evening they have a very nice dinner and reminisce about their younger days, such as when they starting saying "I love you" to each other. Arnold later reveals that he got them a romantic room at the same inn. Kay is impressed with the arrangements, which include champagne and strawberries, and Arnold puts on Al Green's ultimate hook-up song "Let's Stay Together" to set the sexy mood. They begin making love in front of the roaring fireplace, until Arnold abruptly stops while he is on top of her. Kay accuses him of no longer being attracted to her. In their last session the next morning, Dr. Feld assures them they have made a lot of progress, and recommends that they continue seeing a couples' therapist back in Omaha. They are clearly not so confident. Kay and Arnold return to their house and resume living separate lives without talking to each other. One night over dinner, Arnold tries to assure Kay that they're better off without changing so much. Kay wonders if she can still live like they do. Kay and Arnold reflect on their marriage in a montage set to the ultimate break-up song, "Why" by Annie Lennox. Kay packs a bag, planning to leave Arnold for a while. Later in the night, Arnold comes to her room and embraces her, and they make love, missionary style, yet with passion. The next morning on his way to work, Arnold stops before leaving and gives Kay a deeply lustful kiss in the kitchen. As Arnold leaves in the driveway, they notice the neighbor whom he admitted fantasizing about a threesome with. Kay invites her to visit, and Arnold smiles inquisitively; Kay says to him, "That's not gonna happen." Over the closing credits, Dr. Feld officiates as Kay and Arnold renew their vows at the beach. They declare their deep love for each other, and vow to make changes that they each want. They then celebrate with their kids and grandkids, eating lobsters and dancing.
tt0398286
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
The film opens on a Wanted poster for Flynn Rider (Zachary Levi) which is mounted to a tree. Flynn's voice narrates: "This is the story of how I died. But don't worry, this is actually a fun story and the truth is it isn't even mine. This is the story of a girl named Rapunzel, and it starts with the sun." Centuries ago, a droplet of sunlight falls from the sky and lands on Earth. When it touches the ground, a radiant, yellow flower blossoms. This flower is said to be capable of great healing power. One day, an old crone named Gothel (Donna Murphy) finds the flower and discovers that, when she sings a certain song to it ("Flower, gleam and glow. Let your power shine. Make the clock reverse, bring back what once was mine, what once was mine"), it emits a power that restores her youth. Vain and possessive of the flower, Gothel hides it beneath a woven basket and regularly returns to it to keep herself young. Time goes by and soon a prosperous kingdom is built up nearby. The ruling king and queen of Corona desperately wish for a child and, when the queen finally becomes pregnant, the entire kingdom celebrates. However, the queen soon falls deathly ill. Upon hearing a rumor that speaks of the legendary sun flower, the king spares no time and dispatches his soldiers to find it. Soon enough, the soldiers discover the flower that, in her haste to hide, Gothel forgot to cover. They bring it back to the castle and distill it into an elixir which is given to the queen. To everyone's great relief, she recovers and soon gives birth to a beautiful baby girl who, unlike her brunette parents, has shining golden hair. The royal family marks the occasion by lighting a paper lantern decorated with the emblem of a sun and release it into the sky. Gothel, however, is not pleased. She is determined not to lose the magical powers that gave her eternal youth, so she breaks into the castle late one night and finds the baby princess lying in her crib. She recites the old song and the baby's hair glows just as the flower had. Gothel attempts to cut just enough hair to keep but the clipped hair turns brown in her hands, void of its power. Desperate, Gothel resolves to kidnap the princess and flee with her deep into the forest. She takes the baby to a secret tower hidden in an alcove where she gives her the name Rapunzel and raises her as her own daughter. She teaches the girl to sing the old song to make her hair glow and restore Gothel's beauty and keeps her hidden from the world, telling her that it is for her own safety and that anyone on the outside wouldn't hesitate to steal her magic hair. The only access to the world Rapunzel has is a wide window from which Mother Gothel comes and goes, using Rapunzel's 70 foot long hair as a rope ladder. Despite playing the part as 'mother', Gothel often cruelly teases Rapunzel and guilt-trips her whenever she is upset or disappointed, dramatically proclaiming, "now I'm the bad guy". As the years pass, Rapunzel (Mandy Moore) becomes fascinated by an annual event that seems to happen only on her birthday. That night, every year, she witnesses thousands of floating lights in the sky, brighter than the stars and beautiful in all their colors. Unknown to her, it is the releasing of the paper lanterns that her biological parents are making in tradition of their daughter who they hope will return to them one day. Eighteen years later, Rapunzel is a creative young woman, finding numerous ways to keep herself entertained during the day while Mother Gothel is away, including painting, cleaning, brushing, and playing hide and seek with her pet chameleon Pascal. Though she is happy with her life in the tower, she longs to someday explore the outside world and see the place where the lanterns in the sky come from. Within the kingdom, standing on the roof of the castle, young thief Flynn Rider goes over the plans to his latest heist with his associates, the Stabbington brothers (Ron Perlman). They use a rope to lower Flynn into the throne room where the missing princess's prized tiara sits on a guarded pedestal. Flynn steals the priceless artifact and is hoisted back to the roof with the palace guards hot in pursuit, led by the Captain of the Guard (M.C. Gainey) and his loyal horse, Maximus. The thieves make it outside the kingdom and seek refuge in the forest but soon come to a dead end in a ditch. The Stabbington brothers tell Flynn that, if he gives them the satchel with the tiara in it, they'll hoist him up to the high ledge above. Once at the top, they then command that Flynn help them up. But Flynn reveals that he still has the tiara in a second satchel. Double crossing the brothers, he ditches them and runs into the forest. Seeking refuge, Flynn comes to Rapunzel's tower and climbs the vines to the open window above. Seemingly alone, he takes the tiara out of his satchel to admire it, but Rapunzel knocks him out with a frying pan. She and Pascal step forward cautiously to investigate the intruder. Pascal, using his color schemes, advises Rapunzel to be wary of the young man since Gothel has often told stories of men bearing sharp teeth. However, Rapunzel finds nothing outwardly menacing about Flynn and hides him in her closet as Mother Gothel comes home. Rapunzel decides that she will show Mother Gothel the young man, proving that she can take care of herself, in hopes that she will be let out of the tower for her approaching 18th birthday. However, when Rapunzel plucks up the courage to ask to leave the tower and see the floating lights, Mother Gothel spurns her request. She tells Rapunzel that the world is much too dangerous for someone as nave as her and that she is never to leave the tower, singing that "Mother Knows Best". Rapunzel solemnly promises not to ask to leave the tower again and, thinking it pointless now, keeps from telling Mother Gothel that she has a stranger locked away in her closet. Instead, she asks if Mother Gothel could restore her white paint by collecting special white seashells for her birthday. Mother Gothel is hesitant about making the three day journey to the shore, but acquiesces and leaves. Once out of sight, Rapunzel takes Flynn out of the closet and uses her hair to tie him up to a chair. When he comes to, she proposes a deal. She will give him his satchel with the tiara back (which she has hidden) if he takes her to see the floating lights and brings her back to the tower before Mother Gothel returns. Flynn reluctantly agrees. Outside the tower, Rapunzel digs her toes into grass for the first time and runs about the forest in bursts of elation and panic while Flynn can only watch. While excited to be out in the world for the first time, Rapunzel feels equally ashamed for having defied her mother. Despite her guilt and confusion, she assures Flynn that she is fine enough to continue the journey. Hoping to dissuade her, Flynn takes her to the nearby Snuggly Duckling Inn, a tavern which is frequented by an assortment of thugs and bandits. Flynn's plan to scare Rapunzel into going back to the tower backfires when the thugs recognize him from wanted posters and attempt to hold him for a reward while one of their associates goes to tip off the guards. Rapunzel pleads with them to release Flynn and asks if any of them have ever had a dream. Her innocence melts their hearts and they all confess their dreams. When the guards arrive at the inn, they stage a distraction to help Rapunzel and Flynn escape through a secret tunnel and encourage her to live her dream. As they make their way down the tunnel, the horse Maximus arrives at the inn and sniffs Flynn's trail to the secret trapdoor. He leads the guards to a large quarry where they corner Rapunzel and Flynn. Maximus unhinges a large wooden beam to try and get to them but this renders the dam overlooking the quarry unstable. It collapses and a wave of water surges into the quarry. Rapunzel and Flynn become trapped inside a cave as falling rocks block the entrance. Water begins to flood into the cave and, realizing their doom, Rapunzel and Flynn each admit a secret to the other. Flynn confesses that his true name is Eugene Fitzherbert. Rapunzel tells him that her hair glows when she sings. However, she realizes that she can use that to her advantage and begins singing. Her glowing hair illuminates a break in the rocks where water flows out and Flynn manages to dislodge the rocks, injuring his hand slightly, and break out the other side. Meanwhile, Maximus the horse jumps out in front of Mother Gothel startling her, she immediately panics that his rider (a palace guard) has located Rapunzel and rescued her. She is shocked to discover Rapunzel gone and even more surprised when she finds the tiara hidden under the staircase with a satchel and a wanted poster of Flynn. Bent on retrieving Rapunzel, Gothel takes the satchel and tiara and sets out to search for her. She manages to track Rapunzel to the Snuggly Duckling, through the secret passage, into the quarry, and through the cave into the forest once more. There, she is confronted by the Stabbington brothers, but uses them to her advantage by bargaining their help for the tiara, revenge against Flynn for double-crossing them, and 'something worth much more'. That evening, Rapunzel and Eugene set up camp and Rapunzel reveals to Eugene that her hair does not just glow as she wraps it around his injured hand. She sings and, as her hair glows, it heals Eugene's injury, to his shock. He asks her not to spread word of his true name for fear that it would ruin his reputation, explaining that he adopted his current pseudonym of 'Flynn Rider' as an orphan, inspired by stories of a thief named 'Flynn'. Growing up, he dreamed of having enough money to travel the world and relished the freedom of it all. Even so, Rapunzel tells him that she actually prefers his real name. When Eugene leaves to gather more firewood, Mother Gothel appears to Rapunzel from the nearby bushes and tells her that they must return to the tower. Rapunzel refuses to leave and tells Mother Gothel that she thinks Eugene likes her. Mother Gothel scoffs at the idea and tells Rapunzel that Flynn is only interested in one thing before revealing the satchel with the tiara. She tells Rapunzel to prove her wrong and test Eugene by giving him the satchel but not to come crying if he takes it and leaves. Unsure but fearful that Mother Gothel may be right, Rapunzel hides the satchel as Flynn returns. They settle down for the night while Gothel and the Stabbington brothers keep an eye on them nearby. The next morning, Eugene wakes to see a soaking wet Maximus glaring angrily down at him. Maximus attempts to carry Eugene off but Rapunzel befriends the horse and convinces him to let Eugene stay with her until after she sees the floating lights. Maximus relents but accompanies the pair as they travel into the kingdom. The marketplace is alive with vendors and townsfolk preparing for the sky lantern festival and Rapunzel's hair is tightly braided to prevent it from dragging. While she and Eugene tour the kingdom, she notices a large tile portrait of the Royal family, including a baby with golden hair. Eugene finds himself growing fond of Rapunzel and, as the time for the lanterns to be released approaches, takes her out on a boat to the middle of the lake surrounding the castle. There, they watch in awe as the lights are released and the sky is filled with a soft orange glow. One lantern with a sun emblem on it floats down and Rapunzel gently pushes it back skyward. She then reveals the satchel she had been hiding to Eugene but, unlike what Mother Gothel predicted, he puts it aside and takes Rapunzel's hands in his. Before they can kiss, Eugene spies the Stabbington brothers on the nearby shore. He rows the boat in, tells Rapunzel to wait, and goes to meet them with the satchel. Realizing that he cares more about Rapunzel than the tiara, he gives the satchel to the brothers but they reveal they're no longer interested in the tiara. While she waits by the boat, Rapunzel is shocked to see the Stabbington brothers approach. They tell her that Eugene betrayed her trust and point to his silhouette in a boat on the lake before attempting to kidnap her for her hair's power. Horrified, Rapunzel tries to run but her long hair gets caught on a tree log. Before the brothers can grab her, Mother Gothel appears and knocks both of them unconscious. In tears and promising to never disobey her again, Rapunzel leaves with Mother Gothel back to the tower. Eugene's boat, meanwhile, docks just outside the palace. Maximus watches from nearby as Flynn comes to, having been knocked out and tied to the mast of the boat with the tiara beside him. The guards on the dock immediately arrest him. Back within the confines of the tower, Mother Gothel comforts Rapunzel and tells her that they shall put this whole experience behind them. As she walks up to her room, Rapunzel notices a recurring theme: all around her, painted on the walls and embroidered on her bed sheets, is the same sun emblem that she saw within the kingdom and on the very lantern she pushed skyward. She remembers the baby with golden blonde hair held by her brown-haired parents and suddenly realizes that she is the missing princess! She confronts Gothel about this who admits the truth but maintains that everything she did was for Rapunzel's protection. When Rapunzel asks what's to become of Eugene, Gothel tells her that he is to be executed. Enraged, Rapunzel goes to leave but Gothel resolves to 'be the bad guy' and approaches her menacingly. As he is led to the gallows, Eugene sees the Stabbington brothers incarcerated in their own cell. He demands to know what has happened to Rapunzel and they admit that they were acting under the promises of Mother Gothel to get Rapunzel back. Eugene struggles to escape, knowing that Rapunzel is in danger, but is unable to. Maximus then arrives with a few of the thugs from the Snuggly Duckling (Jeffrey Tambor, Brad Garrett, Paul F. Tompkins, and Richard Kiel) and they help Eugene break out so that he can ride out to Rapunzel's tower. Beneath the tower, he calls out to Rapunzel and her hair is let down for him to climb. When he reaches the top, however, he finds Rapunzel bound and gagged in a chair. Before she can warn him, Gothel emerges from the shadows and stabs Eugene in the side with her dagger. He reels back, falling against a vanity mirror and breaking the glass. Gothel then tells Rapunzel that she will take her far away where no one will ever find her. Struggling against her gag, Rapunzel promises that she will go with Gothel willingly if she is allowed to heal Eugene. Gothel agrees and Rapunzel goes to the dying Eugene. Before she can begin singing he pulls her close and cuts her hair with shard of glass. With the enchantment broken, Rapunzel's hair turns into its normal brown and Gothel staggers back as her skin begins to wrinkle. Horrified by her reflection, she trips over some of Rapunzel's cut hair and falls out the window. By the time her cloak hits the ground, she's rapidly aged into a pile of ashes. With his dying breath, Eugene tells Rapunzel that she was his new dream and she tells him the same. Crying over him, Rapunzel recites her song one last time. A lone tear falls from her eyes into Eugene's and the last bit of magic that remained in her revives him. The two lovers embrace and kiss before traveling together back to the castle where Rapunzel is reunited with her real parents. Eugene, now addressed by his true name, is welcomed into the Royal family. He and Rapunzel are soon married and live happily ever after.
tt0120338
Drama,Romance
In 1996, treasure hunter Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton) and his team aboard the research vessel Keldysh search the wreck of RMS Titanic for a necklace with a rare diamond, the Heart of the Ocean. They recover a safe containing a drawing of a young woman wearing only the necklace. It is dated April 14, 1912, the day the ship struck the iceberg. Rose Dawson Calvert (Gloria Stuart), claiming to be the person in the drawing, visits Lovett and tells of her experiences aboard the ship. In 1912 Southampton, 17-year-old first-class passenger Rose DeWitt Bukater (Kate Winslet), her fianc Cal Hockley (Billy Zane), and her mother Ruth (Frances Fisher) board the Titanic. Also boarding the ship at Southampton are Jack Dawson (Leonardo DiCaprio), a down-on-his-luck sketch artist, and his Italian friend Fabrizio (Danny Nucci). Young Rose, angry and distraught that her mother has apparently arranged the marriage, considers committing suicide by jumping from the stern; Jack manages to pull her back over the rail after she loses her footing & nearly falls into the propellers. Discovered with Jack, Rose tells Cal that she was peering over the edge and Jack saved her from falling. Cal is indifferent, but when Rose indicates some recognition is due, he offers Jack a small amount of money. After Rose asks whether saving her life meant so little, he invites Jack to dine with them in first class the following night, along with several prominent first-class passengers - including the Countess of Rothes, Archibald Gracie (Bernard Fox), Thomas Andrews (Victor Garber), Molly Brown (Kathy Bates), and John Jacob Astor (Eric Braeden) & his wife. Jack and Rose develop a tentative friendship, though Cal and Ruth are wary of him. Following dinner, Rose secretly joins Jack at a party in third class. During the party Cal's butler, Spicer Lovejoy (David Warner) stealthily sneaks down the third class staircase to spy on her. After a very tense breakfast the following morning, in which Cal shows an inclination towards violence, Rose becomes even more apprehensive about her upcoming marriage. Ruth emphasizes that Rose's marriage will resolve the DeWitt Bukaters' financial problems. After spotting Rose, Cal and Ruth out on the Boat Deck, Jack stealthily sneaks back into First Class and tries to warn Rose about what she may be facing. Rose rebuffs Jack's advances, but later realizes that she prefers him over Cal. After meeting on the bow at sunset, Rose takes Jack to her state room and displays Cal's engagement present: the Heart of the Ocean. At her request, Jack sketches Rose posing nude wearing it. Meanwhile, in the First-Class Smoking Room, Cal's butler informs him that none of the stewards have seen Rose at all that night. Cal orders the butler to find her. Rose & Jack manage to evade Cal's bodyguard and have sex in an automobile inside the cargo hold. They later visit the forward well deck, and while on it, the lookouts spot an iceberg directly in the ship's path. Orders are given to turn the ship hard a-starboard and run the engines full astern, but the ship takes too long to make the turn and the starboard side scrapes along the iceberg, causing substantial damage to the watertight compartments, including the cargo hold where Jack & Rose had been having sex in the automobile. Jack & Rose witness the collision with the iceberg and overhear the officers and designer discussing its seriousness. On the bridge, builder Thomas Andrews, Captain Smith (Bernard Hill), the ship's officers and White Star Line Managing Director Bruce Ismay (Jonathan Hyde) discuss the damage. The water has reached 14 feet above the keel in 10 minutes and has flooded 5 watertight compartments. Mr. Andrews warns that because of a design flaw, the water will spill over the tops of the bulkheads at E Deck, and this will cause the ship to sink. He gives an hour, two at most, for the ship to remain afloat. Cal discovers Jack's sketch of Rose and a mocking note from her in his safe along with the necklace. When Jack and Rose attempt to tell Cal of the collision, he has his butler slip the necklace into Jack's pocket and accuses him of theft. He is arrested, taken to the Master-at-arms' office, and handcuffed to a pipe. Cal puts the necklace in his own coat pocket. With the ship sinking, Rose is desperate to free Jack. She flees Cal and her mother, who has boarded a lifeboat, and rescues him. They return to the boat deck, where Cal and Jack encourage her to board a lifeboat; Cal claims he can get himself and Jack off safely. After Rose boards one, Cal tells Jack the arrangement is only for himself. As her boat lowers, Rose decides that she cannot leave Jack and jumps back on board. Jack confronts her, angrily at first, but his angers soon turns to affection and they share a series of kisses at the bottom of the Grand Staircase. Cal, seeing this, takes his butler's pistol and chases Rose and Jack into the flooding first class dining saloon. After using up his ammunition, Cal realizes he gave his coat and consequently the necklace to Rose. Jack & Rose are forced to flee below decks to escape Cal, and narrowly escape drowning themselves. They become trapped behind a locked gate, but Jack manages to free them just as the rising water reaches their heads. Out on the Boat Deck, Cal decides to make his own escape. He reminds the First Officer of the arrangement made earlier, but the officer angrily turns on Cal and refuses to allow him boarding. When he spots a lost child hiding behind a winch, he takes the child and is subsequently allowed into a collapsible lifeboat by Chief Officer Wilde. As Cal and others board the collapsible, the water surges into the bridge & wheelhouse, drowning Captain E.J. Smith and causing Cal's boat to start floating off the deck. By now the stern is staring to rise out of the water and the remaining passengers are running farther & farther aft. After braving several obstacles, Jack and Rose return to the boat deck. All the lifeboats have departed and passengers are falling to their deaths as the stern rises out of the water. Water now crashes through the huge dome over the Grand Staircase, drowning those passengers trapped inside. Jack & Rose reach the very stern - where they had first met - and take up positions on it by climbing over the rail, next to Chief Baker Charles Joughin. The ship breaks in half, causing the stern to crash down into the water and killing Lovejoy, the butler. As the bow breaks off it pulls the stern back into the air, leaving it sitting there for a minute. Jack and Rose ride it into the ocean as it fills with water and then plunges to the bottom. As Jack & Rose let go of the stern, the Titanic disappears into the darkness below them, and they both swim to the surface to find themselves in a massive mob of passengers and crew. Within minutes, Rose & Jack find a piece of paneling from the Grand Staircase, and he helps her onto the wooden panel only buoyant enough for one person. Holding the edge, he assures her that she will die an old woman, warm in her bed. He dies of hypothermia but she is saved when Fifth Officer Lowe & some crewmen return to try to find survivors. With Rose hiding from Cal en route, the RMS Carpathia takes the survivors to New York. There she gives her name as Rose Dawson. She later learns that Cal committed suicide after losing everything in the 1929 Wall Street Crash. Lovett abandons his search after hearing Rose's story. Alone on the stern of the Keldysh, Rose takes out the Heart of the Ocean - in her possession all along - and drops it into the sea over the wreck site. While she is seemingly asleep in her bed, photos on her dresser depict a life of freedom and adventure, partly inspired by Jack. A young Rose returns to the ship - at first, a gloomy wreck on the bottom - but as Rose reaches the Promenade Deck the ship begins to glow with light. As she enters the Grand Staircase she is greeted by those who perished on the ship - including the Titanic's band, First Officer Murdoch, Thomas Andrews, Jack's friends Fabrizio & Tommy Ryan, and standing at the clock is Jack himself. He extends a hand and they reunite, to the happy cheers of the perished passengers & crew.
tt0783233
Drama,Mystery,Romance
In England in 1935, precocious 13-year-old Briony Tallis (Saoirse Ronan) lives on her family's country estate with her mother and sister, Cecilia (Keira Knightley). Cecilia is home for the summer from Cambrige where she has been studying with the housekeeper's son, Robbie (James McAvoy). She and Robbie have an uncertain relationship; neither is willing to act on it but a certain romantic chemistry exists between them. One day, Briony sees from her bedroom window an argument between Cecilia and Robbie at the fountain. Robbie accidentally broke an antique vase and a piece of it fell into the fountain. Angrily, Cecilia stripped to her underwear and dived into the fountain to retrieve it. Briony is confused about the sexual tension between the two of them. The Tallises are being visited by young relatives from the north -- the twins Pierrot and Jackson (Felix and Charlie von Simson) and their 15-year-old sister, Lola (Juno Temple), whose parents are in the process of divorcing. Leon Tallis (Patrick Kennedy) brings his friend Paul (Benedict Cumberbatch) for dinner. Paul keenly follows Hitler's political advance and predicts war. He plans to sell chocolate bars to the British military to give to its soldiers. While he tries to amuse Pierrot and Jackson, Paul and Lola flirt. Embarrassed by his behavior earlier in the day, Robbie tries to write an apology note to Cecilia. One of the drafts includes a sexually charged declaration of his love for her. He then writes a more formal apology he intends to deliver to her. However, he accidentally gives the sexual note to Briony while walking to dinner at the Tallises that night; he gives her the note because he believes it will be less embarrassing if it comes from Briony instead of him. When he realizes what he has done, he calls out to Briony but she is too far away to hear him. Back in the house, she reads the note and is scandalized. She gives the note to Cecilia but later confides to Lola that she believes Robbie is a dangerous sex maniac. Lola has come to her with arm bruises that she accuses her twin brothers of giving to her but Briony ignores them. Robbie arrives for dinner. He and Cecilia discuss the note and admit their love for one another. They make passionate love in the library but are discovered by Briony. At dinner, it is discovered that Pierrot and Jackson have run away. Everyone looks for them. While looking for them by a creek, Briony stumbles on Lola being raped by someone. He runs away into the darkness. Briony insists to first Lola and then the police that Robbie was the culprit and brandishes the sexual letter to Cecilia as evidence. Only Cecilia protests his innocence. When Robbie returns with the twins, he is arrested for rape. Tried and convicted, he is sent to prison. Four years later he is released into the British army and makes up part of the British Expeditionary Force that is sent to northern France in an attempt to halt the Nazi advance. In northern France, Robbie and two fellow soldiers attempt to make their way to Dunkirk, where the remnants of the BEF are to be evacuated after the Nazis rout their forces and the French. He has a shrapnel wound in his chest. Several weeks earlier, before he left London, he saw Cecilia again. She remained true to him for four years and begs him to come back to her. She reveals that she has broken contact with her family over her love for Robbie and belief in his innocence. She gives him a photograph of a seaside cottage near Dover that they can retire to. It will give him strength as he struggles towards Dunkirk. Cecilia is a nurse in London. She learns that Briony, now 18 (Romola Garai) has decided not to study at Cambridge and is training to be a nurse herself. Briony knows that Robbie did not rape Lola, that it was Paul -- to whom Lola is now engaged and who has become a millionaire selling his candy to the British army. Briony goes to see Cecilia to admit her guilt and state her willingness to do whatever it takes to atone for her sins and clear Robbie's name. Robbie is in Cecilia's apartment when she gets there. Although they are angry with her, they tell her what she needs to do to make things right. She agrees, then leaves as Cecilia and Robbie are intimate for one last time before he is shipped to France with the BEF. In 1999, Briony (Vanessa Redgrave), now in her late seventies and dying of vascular dementia, is a famous novelist. Her new book, __Atonement__, will be published on her birthday. The foregoing narrative had been one she created for her book, as an act of atonement for what she did to Robbie and Cecilia. In real life, she never saw Cecilia after she left the family, and Cecilia and Robbie never had a last tender moment in her apartment before he left with the BEF. Instead, he died at Dunkirk of septicemia, waiting to be evacuated. Cecilia died a few months later when a German bomb burst a water main and flooded the subway tunnel in which she and other Londoners had taken refuge during the Blitz. Briony hopes that, by reuniting them, she gives them the happy conclusion to their lives that they deserved and her readers the hope that everyone needs to survive. Robbie and Cecilia walk down the beach on a bright, beautiful day. On the steps of the seaside cottage, they look at the beautiful white cliffs, then disappear inside. ******************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************** THE FOLLOWING IS NOT COMPOSED BY ME. THIS APPEARS IN ONE OF THE MOVIE SPOILER WEBSITES AND IS WRITTEN BY SOMEONE CALLED 'D Schwarz'. ITS SO DESCRIPTIVE AND FANTASTIC THAT I DECIDED TO SHARE IT WITH OTHER IMDB USERS. THE TEXT HAS NOT BEEN CHANGED IN ANY WAY AND APPEARS EXACTLY AS WRITTEN BY THE ORIGINAL WRITER. ************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************ The film starts out with a 13 year old Briony Tallis (Saoirse Ronan) writing a play that she wants to put on that evening for the return of her older brother Leon. She runs through the house and into the garden and finds twenty-something year old Robbie Turner the housekeeper's son (James McAvoy) as he is tending to the flowers. They exchange conversation and it's clear that she has a crush on him but he regards her as a little sister. We then see Briony's mother reading the play and loving it. The next scene shows Briony lying on the garden with her older sister Cecilia (Keira Knightley). Briony asks Cecilia why she doesn't talk to Robbie anymore, Cecilia says she does, they just move in different circles. Then we see Briony rehearsing the play with her cousins, Pierrot and Jackson Quincy and their older sister Lola (Juno Temple). Lola is about 16 or so. The younger boys quickly get bored with the play and go off for a swim and Briony is left alone in the house. She is looking out the window and sees Cecilia and Robbie out by the fountain in some sort of argument. Then we see Cecilia strip down to her slip and jump into the fountain to retrieve something and she comes out and her slip is wet and sheer and Robbie looks away as she dresses and leaves. We suddenly see the same scene from the point of view of Cecilia and Robbie, as they are talking while walking into the garden, Cecilia is holding an expensive vase and as she tried to fill it with water from the fountain, Robbie tried to take it from her to fill it and she refuses and they pull on it, breaking the porcelain. It falls into the fountain, which is what Cecilia goes to retrieve. We then see Cecilia in her room, smoking, just generally getting ready for the evening. Through her window she sees her brother Leon drive up with a friend, some rich tycoon who owns a chocolate factory. She sees Leon talking to Robbie with dismay. They meet Leon's friend, who seems rather shady. Leon, Cecilia and the friend, Paul Marshall, are all swimming I the lake and it is revealed that Robbie and Cecilia went to school together and that Robbie is pursuing a medical degree. Leon informs Cecilia that he has invited Robbie to dinner, and Cecilia is upset at this. The scene then cuts to Robbie in his cottage typing a letter to Cecilia, trying to apologize for his behavior earlier that day. He types several drafts before finally typing a rather raunchy sexual letter to her. While he is typing we see the scene cut back and forth between him and Cecilia getting ready and putting clips in her hair. (Important) He laughs as he writes it, then folds it up and places it next to his typewriter. He then handwrites a very heartfelt apology and goes to get ready for dinner that evening. As he walks down the lane to the main house he sees Briony playing in the garden and asks her to deliver the letter to Cecilia, which she does. As she is running to the house, we see Robbie suddenly remember that he put the wrong letter in the envelope and in fact, the raunchy letter is being delivered. He screams for Briony but its too late and she is already in the house and is reading the letter. She then delivers it to Cecilia, but without the envelope, so Cecilia knows that she has read it. We then see Paul Marshall wandering through the house and comes across the cousins, Pierrot, Jackson and Lola. He entertains the children but it is also clear that he is interested in Lola. Later on Briony goes to her room to change for dinner and Lola enters her room, complaining about being tortured by her little brothers. Briony takes this opportunity to tell Lola what was written in the raunchy letter, calling Robbie a sexual maniac. She then gets ready for dinner and is running down the stairs when she sees a small hairclip on the floor. She picks it up and sees a light shining through a doorway, she follows it to see Robbie and Cecilia in an awkward position against the wall of the library, obviously having made love just moments before. We see Briony's teary face just as the scene cuts to Robbie ringing the doorbell for dinner. Cecilia answers the door and he tries to apologize for giving the wrong version of the letter. Cecilia takes him to the library and basically they admit their attraction to one another and start kissing and having sex up against the wall. In the middle of it they tell each other they love one another and then continue, until Cecilia hears the door open and Briony walk in. They disentangle themselves and leave the room, with Briony just watching them. At dinner they all pretend nothing's happened, until Mrs. Tallis notices that the young twin boys aren't at dinner so Briony is sent to get them. She comes back down and informs the group that the boys have run away, so a search party is immediately formed. Briony takes a flashlight and set out alone and stumbles across a man with his pants down on top of Lola. As soon as the flashlight shines on them he runs away, but you don't see his face. Lola is crying and Briony runs up to her, asking her who the man was. Lola isn't sure as her eyes were covered, but Briony convinces her it was Robbie. Lola is brought into the house and the police are called and Briony testifies that it was Robbie who attacked Lola and she is sure she saw him. Cecilia tells the police not to believe Briony as she is a fanciful girl but as soon as Robbie comes back to the house, having found the two young boys, the police take him away. The movie cuts to 4 years later and we see Robbie in France with two other privates in the army, as it is now WW2. They ask him what an educated man like him is doing as a private, to which Robbie responds, you can't get promoted if you've come out of prison and he was given a choice, stay in prison, or join the army. Then we see a scene from six months earlier where Robbie and Cecilia meet after 3 and 1/2 years and after some awkward conversation they declare their love for one another after all this time. Cecilia has become a nurse now in London and is living in an apartment and doesn't speak to her sister Briony or her family anymore. Robbie returns to the war but they continue to write letters, Cecilia tells him of a cottage by the sea they can visit the next time he is on leave and gives him a picture of it to hold on to. We see him throughout the film, going through battle and looking at the same picture every chance he gets. Cecilia also tells him that Briony is now in Nurse's training and has written to her, asking to talk. We then see a 18 year old Briony, in her nurse's uniform, trying to fit in at the hospital. She writes to Cecilia, asking to talk and telling her she only now realizes the full extent of her false testimony years ago. We see Robbie wounded in France and waiting for the roundup of soldiers to be taken to the hospital and then see Briony and the other nurses tending to injured soldiers. She imagines that she sees Robbie but he isn't there. Several days later Briony then leaves the hospital to attend the wedding of Paul Marshall, who is marrying her cousin Lola. Lola sees Briony at the wedding but ignores her. Briony then goes to Cecilia's apartment and begs to talk to her, to apologize. She sees Robbie there, who wants to break her neck but instead Robbie and Cecilia make Briony fix what she has done wrong and change her statement. Briony admits that she saw Paul Marshall attacking Lola that night in the garden and they become upset because Paul has just married Lola so he has immunity. We see Briony agree to change her statement and she leaves and we see Cecilia and Robbie finally together in the apartment, kissing. Then Briony is on a train and suddenly the screen goes black and a woman says, can we stop for a moment. We cut to present day and we see an old Briony Tallis (Vanessa Redgrave) being interviewed about her latest book, titled Atonement. She explains how it is her last book because she is dying and she wanted to be completely honest about all the events of the situation. She admits however that she wasn't honest about one part. That she never went to her sister that day to ask for forgiveness and that Robbie was never there because he died of septicemia in France waiting to be taken to the hospital a few months earlier. She also says that she never got to set things right with her sister because she was killed in a bomb blast a few months after Robbie died. Briony admits that she has had to live with this truth all her life so she changed it in her book, in order to give Cecilia and Robbie their chance to be together in her book, if not in real life. The last scene shows Cecilia and Robbie playing on the beach and then going into the cottage that Cecilia had talked about earlier and the movie ends.
tt0974661
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
Popular high school senior Mike O'Donnell (Zac Efron) seemingly has it all. He is a star athlete headed straight for a college scholarship when he decides to give it up to settle down with his high school girlfriend Scarlet is pregnant. Twenty years later, an adult Mike (played by Matthew Perry) finds his life is not exactly what he expected. He is separated from his wife, Scarlett (Leslie Mann) and living with his wealthy software genius nerd and best friend Ned Freedman (Thomas Lennon), his career at a pharmaceutical company is at a stand still, and his relationships with his teenage children are nonexistent. After getting passed up for yet another promotion at work, he returns to his high school to reminisce over his basketball awards and the life he could have had. While he is reliving his glory days, he is approached by a janitor and shares with him how things were so much better when he was 17. As Mike is driving home from the high school, he sees the mysterious janitor standing on the ledge preparing to jump into the Los Angeles River. Mike rushes out of his car to rescue him, but when he gets there, the janitor has vanished. What Mike doesn't realize is that he is about to fall into the river and turn into his 17 year old self. Young Mike (Zac Efron) returns to Ned's house, where he has the difficult task of convincing Ned that he is in fact Mike. At a loss of what to do, Ned pretends to be Mike's father and they register Mike back in high school to finish the life he never had the chance to live. High school presents a lot of new challenges for Mike, such as dressing cool, keeping up with the latest gadgets and making new friends. But nothing compares to being in high school with his own children. He discovers that his daughter, Maggie (Michelle Trachtenberg), is not nearly as innocent as he thought she was and his son, Alex (Sterling Knight), is the brunt of the star athlete's jokes. But Mike's most difficult realization is that he hasn't been a very good father or husband. Mike befriends Alex and tries to instill him with enough confidence to join the basketball team. He gets close to Maggie's obnoxious boyfriend and does everything in his power to break them up. Most importantly, he visits an unsuspecting Scarlet and rediscovers all the things that initially made him fall in love with her. You don't know what you have until you lose it. Through his experiences, Mike realizes that he had chosen the perfect life he just never appreciated it. Now, he must figure out a way to transform back into his older self and win back his wife and kids. *Info from comingsoon.net* --------------------- In 1989, Michael O'Donnell was the star of the high-school basketball team, with a college scout in the bleachers ready to watch his championship game and a scholarship guaranteed for him if he played well. Just as the game is about to start, he sees his girlfriend Scarlett by the bleachers. He blows her a kiss, then goes to her when she looks very troubled. She tries to pretend everything is fine, but finally she tells him she's pregnant. The game starts, but he can't think of anything but Scarlett, and when he sees her leaving, he tosses the ball away and walks away from the game and the scholarship to marry her. Twenty years later, Mike's life is a mess. Scarlett has separated from him, forcing him to move in with his high-school best friend Ned Gold, now a geeky millionaire software developer, and his kids Maggie and Alex are distant and want nothing to do with him. At his job, his boss passes him up for a promotion in favor of a woman the boss likes who's far less competent, and Mike explodes at the boss and is fired. He stops by his old high school on the way home, sees his 1989 team photo in the showcase, and reminisces about the life he threw away. Then he encounters a mysterious janitor who asks him if he really wishes he was a teenager back in high school again, and he does. On the way home, he sees the "janitor" apparently ready to jump from a bridge and he tries to stop him, but the janitor suddenly disappears and Mike falls in the river himself, where he's magically transformed back to age17. After he convinces Ned who he really is, Mike decides he's been given the chance to live his life over again "but to do it right" -- to win the basketball scholarship and go to college. With Ned posing as his father, he re-enrolls in high school under the name "Mark Gold," living with Ned in his mansion full of high-tech toys. But as he starts to fit in to school life, he realizes his daughter is dating the sadistic basketball captain Stan, who only wants sex from her, and that Stan is also bullying and tormenting his son. Gradually, "Mark" realizes that the real reason he's been given another chance in life is to help his children and try to win back Scarlett's love. He befriends Alex and discovers that his son has real talent in basketball and can hit 3-point shots effortlessly. He works with Alex to sharpen the rest of his game so he can win a place on the team and the girl of his dreams. As Alex and Mark practice shooting baskets together every day at Alex's house, Scarlett is amazed how much her son's new friend looks like her ex-husband looked in 1989. Mark starts helping Scarlett landscape her back yard, because she hopes to start a landscaping business. He gains a new appreciation for her talents, but he frequently comes close to her or touches her in ways she considers inappropriate between an adult woman and a teenaged boy. He also comforts Maggie when Stan dumps her for refusing to "put out." He tells her that someday she'll find a guy who treasures her the way she deserves, but he's horrified when he realizes Maggie is starting to think that guy is HIM. He tells her he can't get involved with her because he's already in love with someone else, someone secret. The basketball team wins a come-from-behind game, with Mark doing a lot, but Alex makes the winning 3-point shot. Meanwhile, Ned has been smitten with Jane, the high school principal, since the first day he went to her office to enroll his "son," but his geeky attempts to impress her have done nothing but disgust her. Finally, in return for buying laptops for all the students in the school, she agrees to go to dinner with him on the same night that Mark has announced a party at his house to celebrate winning the game. Mark tells only certain people about the party, but kids text it everywhere and the whole school shows up. Ned's romantic dinner with Jane is going nowhere until he finally admits that he's always been a loser with women. He's really just a geek, obsessed with The Lord of the Rings. She slowly smiles, and starts talking to him in Elvish -- one of the languages in The Lord of the Rings -- and he realizes that she's also a Lord of the Rings fanatic. After a seductive conversation in Elvish, Ned and Jane go back to his house for romance, but they find Mark's party completely out of control with hundreds of kids everywhere. Scarlett is also there, looking for Alex, and Mark's feelings for her are so strong that he can't control himself and he tries to kiss her in front of all the kids. Scarlett is appalled and slaps him, then runs away with Mark following her, shouting that he's her husband and the father of her children. Maggie and her friends all see this and are disgusted, especially Maggie, because Mark had told her he was in love with someone secret, and now she sees him trying to kiss her own mother. The next morning, cleaning up the chaos after the party, Ned reminds Mark that the hearing for Mike O'Donnell's final divorce decree with Scarlett is in 20 minutes, and they rush to the courtroom. Ned pretends to be Mike's lawyer, and they're being thrown out when Mark says he's there to read a letter that Mike has written to his wife. Scarlett agrees to hear the letter, and Mark reads it with emotional power in his voice that astonishes her, plus details about their courtship that only her husband could have known. Mark finishes by saying that, since he sees that she doesn't want him in her life anymore, he's content to let her go because he loves her so much. After Mark finishes and is forced to leave the courtroom, Scarlett picks up the "letter" and discovers it's just a piece of paper with directions to the courthouse on it. Mark wasn't reading a letter at all but somehow knew all the things he had told her. She asks for the divorce decree to be postponed. Mark tries to forget about Scarlett and concentrates on basketball, because winning the scholarship and going to college seem to be the only thing he has left for him. On the day of the championship game, where Mark and Alex are playing and Maggie is cheerleading, Scarlett is looking at her high-school yearbook and realizes that Mark doesn't just look similar to her husband at 17, he looks EXACTLY the same. Then Maggie reminds Scarlett she's supposed to drive her to the game, and Scarlett stays to watch. As the game is about to start, Mark sees Scarlett in the bleachers. He blows her a kiss, using a gesture identical to the one Mike had used in 1989, when he was playing in the same championship game and saw her standing by the bleachers. Scarlett finally realizes that Mark really IS her husband, somehow turned 17 again. She realizes all the reasons she loved him then and still loves him, but she knows she can't possibly make her life together with a 17 year-old boy. Also, she realizes that knowing she's there in the bleachers watching him could put him in the same situation as before, and she can't risk making him lose his college scholarship again. She leaves, going down the same corridor she used when she left the game in 1989. Mark sees Scarlett leaving, forgets about the game and walks away, just as he did in 1989. He hands the ball to Alex, saying this time it's his turn, and runs down the corridor after Scarlett. We see the mysterious janitor smiling in the stands, and by the time Mark catches up to Scarlett, he's the adult Mike O'Donnell again. Mike tells Scarlett he's made a mess of his marriage because he spent the last 20 years resentful at her for losing him his chance to go to college, but now he realizes his family is the only thing that matters to him, and he asks for another chance. A few days later, Mike goes to Ned's house to get his stuff and return his key. He finds Ned in bed with Jane, both of them wearing Elf ears. Mike thanks Ned for all he's done, and Ned gives Mike a parting gift, a whistle for his new job, because Jane has made Mike the new coach of the high school basketball team.
tt0109830
Drama,Romance
The film begins with a feather falling to the feet of Forrest Gump who is sitting at a bus stop in Savannah, Georgia. Forrest picks up the feather and puts it in the book Curious George, then tells the story of his life to a woman seated next to him. The listeners at the bus stop change regularly throughout his narration, each showing a different attitude ranging from disbelief and indifference to rapt veneration. On his first day of school, he meets a girl named Jenny, whose life is followed in parallel to Forrest's at times. Having discarded his leg braces, his ability to run at lightning speed gets him into college on a football scholarship. After his college graduation, he enlists in the army and is sent to Vietnam, where he makes fast friends with a black man named Bubba, who convinces Forrest to go into the shrimping business with him when the war is over. Later while on patrol, Forrest's platoon is attacked. Though Forrest rescues many of the men, Bubba is killed in action. Forrest is awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor for his heroism. While Forrest is in recovery for a bullet shot to his "butt-tox", he discovers his uncanny ability for ping-pong, eventually gaining popularity and rising to celebrity status, later playing ping-pong competitively against Chinese teams. At an anti-war rally in Washington, D.C. Forrest reunites with Jenny, who has been living a hippie counterculture lifestyle. Returning home, Forrest endorses a company that makes ping-pong paddles, earning himself $25,000, which he uses to buy a shrimping boat, fulfilling his promise to Bubba. His commanding officer from Vietnam, Lieutenant Dan, joins him. Though initially Forrest has little success, after finding his boat the only surviving boat in the area after Hurricane Carmen, he begins to pull in huge amounts of shrimp and uses it to buy an entire fleet of shrimp boats. Lt. Dan invests the money in Apple Computer and Forrest is financially secure for the rest of his life. He returns home to see his mother's last days. One day, Jenny returns to visit Forrest and he proposes marriage to her. She declines, though feels obliged to prove her love to him by sleeping with him. She leaves early the next morning. On a whim, Forrest elects to go for a run. Seemingly capriciously, he decides to keep running across the country several times, over some three and a half years, becoming famous. In present-day, Forrest reveals that he is waiting at the bus stop because he received a letter from Jenny who, having seen him run on television, asks him to visit her. Once he is reunited with Jenny, Forrest discovers she has a young son, of whom Forrest is the father. Jenny tells Forrest she is suffering from a virus (probably HIV, though this is never definitively stated). Together the three move back to Greenbow, Alabama. Jenny and Forrest finally marry. The wedding is attended by Lt. Dan, who now has prosthetic legs and a fiancee. Jenny dies soon afterward. The film ends with father and son waiting for the school bus on little Forrest's first day of school. Opening the book his son is taking to school, the white feather from the beginning of the movie is seen to fall from within the pages. As the bus pulls away, the white feather is caught on a breeze and drifts skyward.
tt1187043
Comedy,Drama
Farhan Qureshi (R. Madhavan), Raju Rastogi (Sharman Joshi), and Rancchoddas "Rancho" Shyamaldas Chanchad (Aamir Khan) are three engineering students who share a room in a hostel at the Imperial College of Engineering, one of the best colleges in India. While Farhan and Raju are average students from modest backgrounds, Rancho is from a rich family. Farhan wants to become a wildlife photographer, but has joined engineering college to fulfil his father's wish. Raju on the other hand wants to uplift his family fortunes. Rancho is a wealthy genius who studies for the sheer joy of it. However, Rancho's passion is for knowledge and taking apart and building machines rather than the conventional obsession of the other students with exam ranks. With his different approach Rancho incurs the wrath of dean of college, Professor Viru Sahastrabudhhe (ViruS) (Boman Irani). Rancho irritates his lecturers by giving creative and unorthodox answers, and confronts ViruS after fellow student Joy Lobo hangs himself in his dormitory room. Joy had requested an extension on his major project on compassionate groundshis father had suffered a strokebut ViruS refused, saying that he himself was completely unmoved by his own son's accidental death after being hit by a train. Rancho denounces the rat race, dog-eat-dog, mindless rote learning mentality of the institution, blaming it for Lobo's death. Threatened by Rancho's talent and free spirit, ViruS labels him an "idiot" and attempts on a number of occasions to destroy his friendship with Farhan and Raju, warning them and their parents to steer clear of Rancho. In contrast, ViruS model student is Chatur Ramalingam or "Silencer", (Omi Vaidya) who sees a high rank at the prestigious college as his ticket to higher social status, corporate power, and therefore wealth. Chatur conforms to the expectations of the system. Rancho humiliates Chatur, who is awarded the honour of making a speech at an award ceremony, by substituting obscenities into the text, which has been written by the librarian. As expected, Chatur mindlessly memorises the speech, without noticing that anything is amiss, partly aided by his lack of knowledge on Hindi. His speech becomes the laughing stock of the audience, infuriating the authorities in the process. Meanwhile, Rancho also falls in love with ViruS' medical student daughter Pia (Kareena Kapoor) when he, Raju and Farhan crash her sister's wedding banquet in order to get a free meal, in the process further infuriating ViruS. Meanwhile, the three students continue to anger ViruS, although Rancho continues to come first in every exam, while Chatur is always second, and Farhan and Raju are inevitably in the last two positions. The tensions come to a head when the three friends, who are already drunk, break into ViruS's house at night to allow Rancho to propose to Pia, and then urinate on a door inside the compound before running away when ViruS senses intruders. The next day, ViruS threatens to expel Raju lest he talks on the other two. Unable to choose between betraying his friend or letting down his family, Raju jumps out of the 3rd floor window and lands on a courtyard, but after extensive care from Pia and his roommates, awakes from a coma. The experience has changed Farhan and Raju, and they adopt Rancho's outlook. Farhan decides to pursue his love of photography, while Raju takes an unexpected approach for an interview for a corporate job. He attends in plaster and a wheelchair and gives a series of non-conformal and frank answers. However, ViruS is unsympathetic and vows to make the final exam as hard as possible so that Raju is unable to graduate. Pia hears him and angrily confronts him, and when ViruS gives the same ruthless reply he gives to his students, she denounces him in the same way that Rancho did over the suicide of Lobo. Pia reveals that Viru's son and her brother was not killed in an accident but committed suicide in front of a train and left a letter because ViruS had forced him to pursue a career in engineering over his love for literature; ViruS always mentioned that he unsympathetically failed his son on the ICE entrance exams over and over to every new intake of ICE students. After this, Pia walks out on the family home, and takes ViruS's spare keys with her. She tells Rancho of the exam, and he and Farhan break into ViruS's office and steals the exam and give it to Raju, who with his new-found attitude, is unconcerned with the prospect of failing, and refuses to cheat and throws the paper away. However, ViruS catches the trio and expels them on the spot. However, they earn a reprieve when Viru's pregnant elder daughter Mona (Mona Singh) goes into labour at the same time. A heavy storm cuts all power and traffic, and Pia is still in self-imposed exile, so she instructs Rancho to deliver the baby in the college common room via VOIP, after Rancho restores power using car batteries and a power inverter that Rancho had dreamed up and ViruS had mocked. Rancho then delivers the baby with the help of a cobbled-together Vacuum extractor. After the baby is apparently stillborn, Rancho resuscitates it. ViruS reconciles with Rancho and his friends and allows them to take their final exams and they graduate. Rancho comes first and is awarded ViruS's pen, which the professor had been keeping for decades before finding a brilliant enough student to gift it to. Their story is framed as intermittent flashbacks from the present day, ten years after Chatur vowed revenge on Rancho for embarrassing him at the speech night and promised to become more successful than Rancho a decade later. Having lost contact with Rancho, who disappeared during the graduation party and went into seclusion, Raju and Farhan begin a journey to find him. They are joined by Chatur, now a wealthy and successful businessman, who joins them, brazenly confident that he has surpassed Rancho. Chatur is also looking to seal a deal with a famous scientist and prospective business associate named Phunsukh Wangdu. Chatur sees Wangdu, who has hundreds of patents, as his ticket to further social prestige. When they find Rancho's house, they walk into his father's funeral, and find a completely different Rancho Jaaved Jaffrey. After accusing the new man of stealing their friend's identity and profiting from his intellect, the host pulls a gun on them, but Farhan and Raju turn the tables by seizing the father's ashes and threatening to flush them down the toilet. The householder capitulates and says that their friend was a destitute servant boy who loved learning, while he, the real Rancho, was a lazy wealthy child who disliked study, so the family agreed to let the servant boy study in Rancho's place instead of labouring. In return, the real Rancho would pocket the qualifications and the benefits thereof, while the impersonator would sever all contact with the world and start a new life. The real Rancho reveals that his impersonator is now a schoolteacher in Ladakh. Raju and Farhan then find Pia, and take her from her wedding day to Suhas by performing the same tricks with his material possessions, and having Raju turn up to the ceremony disguised as the groom and eloping with Pia in public. When they arrive in Ladakh, they see a group of enthusiastic Ladakhi children who are motivated by love of knowledge. Pia and the fake Rancho rekindle their love, while Chatur mocks and abuses Rancho the schoolteacher before walking away. When his friends ask what his real name is, he reveals that it Phunsukh Wangdu and phones Chatur, who has turned his back, to turn around and meet his prospective business partner. Chatur is horrified and falls to his knees, accepts his defeat and continues to plead his case with Phunsukh to establish the business relationship he was after.
tt0159365
Adventure,Drama,History
At the film's inception Jude Law plays a young man named W. P. Inman at a provincial North Carolina town. He meets Ada (Nicole Kidman) and is at the fledgling stages of a relationship with her when he marches off to war as a Confederate soldier. The film opens early in the morning of July 30, 1864. Confederate troops are entrenched outside Petersburg during its siege. The teenaged Oakley (Lucas Black) is handing out clothes from a wheelbarrow while Inman reads letters from Ada. The soldiers are tired and bored. Most are seasoned veterans who have been fighting for over three years. But meanwhile Union engineers are filling a mine under the Confederate trenches with gunpowder barrels while above, hundreds of Union troops are waiting to attack. Suddenly back at the Confederate siege works, a rabbit hops into the trench. Just as one of the men is about to capture it the ground rises from under him and there is a huge explosion. The Union lit the barrels and most of the trench exploded. As Inman and Oakley get up dazed from the blast they see Union troops charging at them. As the Union charge they run right into the crater where the trench used to be and are trapped in a kill zone. The Confederates fire down at them but the fighting becomes hand to hand and Oakley is pulled down in by a Union soldier and Inman goes after him. Before Inman can reach him Oakley is bayoneted but survives. Inman shoots the Union soldier with a LeMat revolver he finds and pulls Oakley out of the chaos. The battle ends with a decisive Confederate victory. As the Confederates are cleaning up after the battle, Inman comforts Oakley as he is pulled to the hospital on a cart. Later that day Oakley dies in the hospital with Inman and Stobrod Thewes (Brendan Gleeson) beside him. The next night, Inman, Swimmer ( Jay Tavare ) and his platoon are sent out to kill surviving Union troops trapped behind the lines. During the raid other Confederate troops open fire killing several Confederates and wounding Inman. While lying in the hospital he has letters read to him from Ada. Inman then decides to desert and go home to Cold Mountain. On his journey he meets the corrupt preacher Reverend Veasey (Philip Seymour Hoffman) who is trying to kill his pregnant lover. After Inman dissuades him, he joins Inman on his journey. They help a young man named Junior (Giovanni Ribisi) butcher his cow and join him and his family for the feast. Junior leaves the house after the feast, and the women in Junior's family seduce Veasey, and Junior's wife, Lila, tries to seduce Inman. Junior returns home with the Confederate Home Guard and both Inman and Veasey are taken prisoner. While the home guard officers attempt to hide from a group of Union soldiers, Inman is able to escape with a wound. An old and wizened woman (Eileen Atkins) cares for him and feeds him. He then meets a young widow named Sara (Natalie Portman) who is raising her infant child alone. After staying a night with her, three Union soldiers arrive demanding food. Sara rushes Inman away to avoid his being killed, but he hides only a few feet away from the house. Two of the soldiers harass Sara and leave her baby in the cold, though one (Cillian Murphy) attempts to keep the baby warm. The lead soldier attempts to rape Sara but is killed along with the other soldier by Inman. The kindhearted soldier is shot by Sara. Parallel with Inman's adventures, the film follows Ada's wartime experiences. Ada is a city woman who only recently moved to the rural farm named Black Cove. She met Inman on her first day at Cold Mountain, and had a brief romance with him the night before he left for the army. Shortly after Inman leaves, her minister father (Donald Sutherland) dies, leaving her alone on the farm and with little prospect for help, as the young, able-bodied men are off at war. She is completely inept at working the farm, having been raised to become a southern lady and is struggling to survive at the farm. She manages to survive thanks to the kindness of her neighbors, one of whom eventually sends Ruby Thewes (Renee Zellweger) to her. Ruby is a young woman who has lived a hard-scrabble life and is very adept at the tasks needed to run the farm. Ruby lives at the farm with Ada and together, they take the farm from a state of disaster to working order. During this time, Ada writes constant letters to Inman in hopes of meeting him again and renewing their romance. The two women form a close friendship and become each other's confidantes. They also are friends with the Swangers (James Gammon and Kathy Baker), who live down the road from Black Cove. It is at the Swangers' well that Ada "sees" a vision of Inman coming back to her in the snow along with a flock of crows. During the war, Ada and Ruby, and other members of their community, have several tense encounters with men who are members of the Home Guard. This branch of the Home Guard is led by Teague, whose grandfather once owned much of Cold Mountain. He and his deputies hunt deserters partially with the goal of Teague seizing their land. Teague also lusts after Ada. Although the purpose of the Home Guard was to protect the south and its citizen population from the North, they have become violent vigilantes who hunt and often kill deserters from the Confederate Army and terrorize citizens they believe are housing or helping the deserters, including the Swangers' sons, who by torturing their mother they coax out of hiding to be killed. Esco Swanger - the family patriarch - is also killed in protection of his sons. Ruby's estranged father Stobrod (Brendan Gleeson), also a Confederate deserter and a violin player, arrives and reconciles with her. He convinces her to make a coat for his intellectually devoid banjo player Pangle (Ethan Suplee). Ruby also finds herself drawn to mandolin player Georgia (Jack White). While camping, Stobrod, Pangle and Georgia are cornered by the Home Guardsmen led by Teague. Pangle unintentionally reveals the band as the deserters Teague is seeking. Georgia is hidden a few feet away, and witnesses the shooting of Pangle and Stobrod. He informs Ruby and Ada, who rush to the campsite to find Pangle dead and Stobrod injured. They decide to stay at some cabins in the woods to avoid Teague and his men. It is at this moment that the two story lines reconverge: Inman finally reaches Cold Mountain, and is almost killed by Ada before she recognizes him. They later consummate their love and spend the night together. The Home Guardsmen, however, soon find the couple in the mountain and determine to kill Inman, as they know he's a deserter. While fighting off the hunters, Inman is shot by the young and violent Bosie (Charlie Hunnam), but manages to kill him as well. Ada goes to him, and finds him just as she saw in the well earlier when he was coming back to her. He dies in her arms. The film ends several years later with Ada, Ruby and their families celebrating Easter. Ruby has married Georgia, and the two have an infant child. Her father Stobrod is revealed to have survived, and it is revealed that Ada's night with Inman had given her a child, Grace Inman.
tt0107048
Comedy,Fantasy,Romance
On February 1, self-centered and sour TV meteorologist Phil Connors (Bill Murray), news producer Rita (Andie MacDowell) and cameraman Larry (Chris Elliott) from fictional Pittsburgh television station WPBH-TV9 travel to Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania, to cover the annual Groundhog Day festivities with Punxsutawney Phil, the Groundhog. Having grown tired of this assignment, Phil begrudgingly gives his Groundhog Day report the next day (February 2) during the festival and parade. After the celebration concludes, a blizzard develops that Connors had predicted would miss them, closing the roads and shutting down long-distance phone services, forcing the team to return to Punxsutawney. Connors awakens the next morning, however, to find it is February 2 again, and his day unfolds in almost exactly the same way. Connors can change his behavior, but other people do and say the same things they did and said the previous day, unless Connors changes something. He is aware of the repetition, but everyone else seems to be living February 2 for the first time. This recursion repeats the following morning and the one after that, and over and over again. For Connors, Groundhog Day begins each morning at 6:00 A.M., when he wakes up in his room in a Victorian bed and breakfast. His clock radio is always playing the same song, Sonny & Cher's "I Got You Babe." His memories of the "previous" day are intact, but he's trapped in a seemingly endless time loop, repeating the same day in the same small town. After briefly trying to rationalize his situation, and then thinking he is insane, Connors takes advantage of learning the day's events and the information he is able to gather about the town's inhabitants, and finds that his actions have no long-term consequences for himself. He revels in this situation for a time: seducing beautiful women, stealing money, even driving drunk and experiencing a police chase. However, his attempts to seduce his producer, Rita, are met with repeated failures. He begins to tire of, and then dread, his existence, starting the day by smashing the alarm clock and professing the inanity of Groundhog Day as a holiday in his newscast. In a vain attempt to break the cycle, he kidnaps Phil the Groundhog. After a police pursuit, Connors drives a stolen truck into a quarry, causing both man and rodent to die in a fiery explosion; but the loop does not stop. He commits suicide several more times. He electrocutes himself, lets a truck hit him on the road, and jumps from a tall building (other attempts are alluded to) but mere death cannot stop the day from repeating. After he dies, he simply wakes up listening to Sonny & Cher in the same bed, on the same day, over and over again. He initially tries to seduce Rita by learning as much as he can on a daily basis. First he asks what she wants in a man: someone who is humble, kind, generous, courageous, and sensitive; someone who likes children; someone who loves his mother and plays a musical instrument. He learns what she likes (rocky road ice cream, sweet vermouth, French poetry) and what she doesn't like (white chocolate) and pretends to share her tastes. This also fails consistently; in scene after scene, Rita slaps him before the night is over. However, he is able to befriend her in a more sincere fashion. He tells her of his circumstances -- how he is reliving the day over and over again -- and manages to convince her of the truth with his extensive knowledge of events to come, the lives of the Punxsutawney townspeople, and Rita herself. He opens his heart to Rita, and her advice helps him to gradually find a goal for his trapped life: as a benefactor to others. He cannot, in a single day, bring others to fulfill his needs but he can achieve self-improvement by educating himself on a daily basis. After seeing an elderly homeless man die, Connors vows that no one will die on "his" day and performs many heroic services each and every repeating day, including performing the Heimlich maneuver on a choking man and saving a little boy who falls from a tree. However, he becomes despondent at being unable to save the homeless man, despite trying to get him medical care. When he demands to see the man's medical chart, a nurse tells him "sometimes people just die." Connors replies "Not today," but he never manages to prevent it. Though the film does not specify the number of repetitions, there is enough time for Connors to learn many complex skills, such as how to play jazz piano, speak French, sculpt ice, and memorize the life story of almost everyone in town. He also masters the art of flipping playing cards into an upturned hat, which he offhandedly suggests takes six months. (According to Danny Rubin, who shares screenwriting credit with the director, the intent in the original script was for the time-frame of Connors' repeating days to be ambiguous, but longer than a single lifetime. The studio objected to this, asking that it be reduced to two weeks. Director Harold Ramis tried to leave the time-frame loop ambiguous as how many times Connors re-lives February 2, but it is strongly speculated by Connors (and the viewers) to be at least 10 years.) Eventually, Phil sees his own shadow, so to speak, and changes from an inconsiderate, callous egocentric into a thoughtful, kindhearted philanthropist, refining his understanding of human decency, which, in return, makes him an appreciated and beloved man in the town. Phil is able to befriend almost everyone he meets during the day, using his experiences to save lives and help the townspeople. In the process, he gets closer to Rita. He crafts a report on the Groundhog Day celebration so eloquent that all the other stations turn their microphones to him. After the big Groundhog Day evening dance, Rita and Phil retire together to Phil's room. They believe that if Rita's there, the cycle may be interrupted. He wakes the next morning in bed with Rita (they're both still fully clothed) and finds the time loop is broken; it is now February 3. Phil is a different person than he was on February 1 and, after going outside, Phil and Rita talk about living in Punxsutawney together. Connors suggests: "We'll rent to start." The closing song is "Almost Like Being in Love" from Brigadoon, a musical which also dealt with a village trapped in time.
tt0314331
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The film begins with a voiceover from David (Hugh Grant) commenting that whenever he gets gloomy about the state of the world he thinks of the arrivals terminal at Heathrow Airport, and the pure uncomplicated love felt as friends and families welcome their arriving loved ones. David's voiceover also relates that all the messages left by the people who died on the 9/11 planes were messages of love and not hate. The film then tells the 'love stories' of many people: Billy Mack and Joe With the help of his longtime manager Joe (Gregor Fisher), aging rock and roll legend Billy Mack (Bill Nighy) records a Christmas variation of The Troggs' classic hit "Love Is All Around". Although he thinks the record is terrible, Mack promotes the release in the hope it will become the Christmas number one single. The song does go to number one; after briefly celebrating his victory at a party hosted by Sir Elton John, Billy recognizes that Joe is the love of his life and suggests that he and Joe celebrate Christmas by getting drunk and watching porn. Juliet, Peter and Mark Juliet (Keira Knightley) and Peter (Chiwetel Ejiofor) are wed in a lovely ceremony orchestrated and videotaped by Mark (Andrew Lincoln), Peter's best friend and best man. The video Mark recorded reveals that he is secretly in love with Juliet, which she realizes when she barges into his studio and watches it. Juliet thought he didn't like her because he never talked to her, avoided her, and generally behaved distant and uncomfortable towards her. He blurts out that he acts that way because of 'self-preservation', and she finally realizes that he's always been head over heels for her, but has kept it to himself out of respect for her and Peter's relationship. Mark takes a moment to truly confess his love for Juliet, and Juliet acknowledges him by giving him a kiss. Jamie and Aurlia Writer Jamie (Colin Firth) first appears preparing to attend Juliet and Peter's wedding. His girlfriend (Sienna Guillory) misses the ceremony to sleep with his brother. Crushed by this, Jamie retires to his French cottage where he meets Portuguese housekeeper Aurlia (Lcia Moniz), who speaks only her native tongue. There is an instant attraction between the two. When Jamie returns to England he realises he is in love with Aurlia. Jamie spends time learning Portuguese and goes back to propose to her. She says yes, and it is revealed that she has been learning English to communicate with Jamie. Harry, Karen and Mia Harry (Alan Rickman) is the managing director of a design agency; Mia (Heike Makatsch) is his new secretary. For Christmas he buys her an expensive necklace from jewellery salesman Rufus (Rowan Atkinson), who elaborately wraps it while Harry becomes increasingly nervous in fear of detection. Meanwhile, Harry's wife Karen (Emma Thompson) is busy dealing with their children, Daisy (Lulu Popplewell) and Bernard (William Wadham), who are appearing in the school Nativity play. She voices her fears about Harry to her brother David (Hugh Grant), who just became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, and her friend Daniel (Liam Neeson), who has just lost his wife. Karen discovers the necklace in Harry's coat pocket and initially assumes it is a gift for her; she later confronts Harry over the necklace and he admits his foolishness. David and Natalie Karen's brother is the recently elected British Prime Minister David (Hugh Grant). Natalie (Martine McCutcheon) is a new junior member of the household staff at 10 Downing Street and regularly serves his tea and biscuits. Something seems to click between them. David walks in to find the U.S. President (Billy Bob Thornton) attempting to seduce Natalie, which inspires him to take a stand against the bullying President's policies. Finding that his relationship with Natalie has become strained, David has her moved to another job, but later comes across a Christmas card from Natalie ending with a declaration of her love for him. He eventually finds Natalie at her family's home (next door to Mia), seeing that they are on the way to the local school for the nativity play (the same one in which his niece and nephew are appearing). He drives her family to the play, and the two watch the show from backstage, their budding relationship exposed when a curtain is raised on them kissing at the end of the pageant's big finale. Daniel, Sam, Joanna and Carol Daniel (Liam Neeson), Karen's friend, and his stepson Sam (Thomas Sangster) fend for themselves as they mourn the loss of their wife and mother. Sam has fallen for American classmate Joanna (Olivia Olson), and, after discussion with his stepfather, decides to learn the drums so that he can accompany her in the big finale for their school's Christmas pageant (the same one that Natalie's nephew and Karen and Harry's children are in). After Sam feels that he missed his chance to make an impression on her, Daniel convinces Sam that he must go catch Joanna, who is returning to the US, at the airport that night and show her how he feels, lest he regret it for his whole life. Sam runs away from the airport security and says hi to Joanna, who then kisses him on the cheek. Meanwhile, Daniel, who famously lusts after supermodel Claudia Schiffer, meets the parent of another of Sam's school mates, Carol (Claudia Schiffer), who is a dead-ringer of Ms. Schiffer. Sarah, Karl and Michael Sarah (Laura Linney) first appears at Juliet and Peter's wedding, sitting next to her friend Jamie. We learn she works at Harry's graphic design company, where she has been in love for years with the company's creative director, Karl (Rodrigo Santoro). A tryst between Karl and herself is interrupted by Sarah's mentally ill brother, Michael (Michael Fitzgerald), and this effectively ends their relationship. On Christmas Eve, she visits her brother at the institution where he lives, wrapping a scarf around him as he hugs her. Colin, Tony, Stacey, Jeannie, Carol-Anne, Harriet and Carla After several blunders attempting to woo various English women, including Nancy (Julia Davis), the caterer at Juliet and Peter's wedding, as well as Mia, Colin Frissell (Kris Marshall) informs his friend Tony (Abdul Salis) he plans to go to the US and find love there, convinced that his Britishness will be an asset to him in a foreign country. Landing in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Colin immediately meets Stacey (Ivana Milievi), Jeannie (January Jones), and Carol-Anne (Elisha Cuthbert), three stunningly attractive women who fall for his Basildon accent and invite him to stay at their home, where they are joined by roommate Harriet (Shannon Elizabeth). John and Judy John (Martin Freeman) and Judy (Joanna Page) meet as body doubles for the sex scenes in a film where Tony is a production assistant. John tells Judy that "it is nice to have someone [he] can just chat to." While the two are perfectly comfortable being naked and simulating sex on-set, they are shy and tentative off-set; they carefully pursue a relationship, and see the play (same one as David & Natalie, Harry & Karen, Daniel & Sam, et. al.) at the local school together with John's brother. Rufus Rufus is a minor, but significant, character played by Rowan Atkinson, the jewellery salesman whose obsessive attention to gift-wrapping nearly gets Harry caught by Karen buying Mia's necklace. Also, it is his distraction of staff at the airport which allows Sam to sneak through to see Joanna. In the director and cast commentary, it is revealed that Rufus was originally supposed to be a Christmas Angel, however it was dropped from the final script. Epilogue One month later, progress is shown in each relationship: love, actually. However, two of the relationships are not romantic - those of rock star Billy Mack and his manager Joe and of long-suffering Sarah and her institutionalized brother Michael. Billy arrives with a gorgeous groupie in tow to be greeted by Joe and indicating that his comeback has remained successful. Juliet, Peter, and Mark come to meet Jamie and his new bride Aurelia, showing both that they have married and that Mark is learning to cope better with the romantic triangle. Karen and the kids greet a returning Harry confirming that they have survived their relationship crisis and reconciled. Sam greets Joanna who has returned with her mother from the US as Daniel looks on, joined by his new girlfriend Carol and her son. John and Judy run into Tony, who is there to meet Colin on his return from the US; they are shown to be just married and off to their honeymoon. Colin returns with the gorgeous Harriet in tow, and Harriet's younger sister Carla (Denise Richards) and Tony are immediately struck by each other. Natalie is seen welcoming David back in front of press cameras, indicating that their relationship is now public. These scenes dissolve into live-footage of actual arrivals at Heathrow Airport, which divide the screen and eventually form a heart as The Beach Boys' "God Only Knows" plays on.
tt1655442
Comedy,Drama,Romance
It's 1927 and we meet silent movie star George Valentin (Jean Dujardin) on top of the world. He's behind the screen; in front of it an ecstatic audience is enthralled by his latest starring role. As the credits roll, Valentin takes the stage for what a virtuosic display of bowing, his canine sidekick performing some cute tricks too. Outside the theatre, adoring fans and press push and surge to breathe the same air as their hero. A pretty young girl at the front of the crowd drops her wallet, and makes the most of picking it up to slip under the security cordon. There's silence as Valentin looks shocked, confused, angry even - but it's all his joke and, laughing at his own power to create such confusion, he gamely poses for photos with the young lady to the delight of the assembled press, and to the chagrin of his stern, world-weary wife who reads of the escapade in the papers the next day. The young girl - one Peppy Miller (Brnice Bejo), we learn - having shared a moment with her hero is inspired to follow his path, and turns up at the studio to audition, successfully, as an extra. Valentin himself arrives at the same studio where he is again the star, this time of 'A German Affair'. On entering the studio the star is enthralled by a pair of legs he sees rehearsing on the other side of a screen. He joins the dance from his side of the screen, and beckons to the set builders to remove the screen, hoping to surprise the girl. It's he, though, who is surprised to discover the legs belong to the same Peppy Miller from last night's crowd and this morning's papers. Years pass, one presumes in a similar fashion. One day though, Al Zimmer, the immaculately stereotyped cigar-chomping, braces-pinging studio boss (John Goodman) calls Valentin in to see the latest technological innovation - a primitive attempt to record sound with motion pictures. Valentin scoffs at the footage, but is clearly ruffled by it. He dreams a nightmare where everyday sounds are exaggerated (for the first time here the film takes on a diegetic soundtrack) culminating in a confusing cacophony where a feather lands with a boom. Only his own voice is stifled; despite the soundscape around him, he is mute. Valentin's instinctive suspicion of the technology proves well-founded, when he - once the king of the silent movie - is quickly marginalised, and eventually fired by Zimmer. Audiences want change, he's told. It's time to move on. Devastated by his sudden fall to insignificance, Valentin takes to drink. Peppy, meanwhile, has done well out of the new 'talkies'. Now the doyenne of the Hollywood set and as wealthy a pin-up herself as her mentor once was, she gives a radio interview in a caf in which she attributes her success to the simple truth that audiences want change. "Out with the old, in with the new," she quips. From an adjacent table, unseen, Valentin listens in before theatrically 'making way' for young Peppy, dramatically taking his leave. Valentin's circumstances go from bad to worse. A self-funded attempt to make a return to the era of silent film ("Tears of Love") flops, and the rest of his savings are wiped out by the 1929 stock market crash. When the whisky runs dry, the ex-star auctions off everything he owns. His dour wife leaves him (perhaps the one bit of good fortune he has enjoyed since the days of stardom) and he is forced to sack his loyal butler Clifton. He visits a bar and passes out after envisioning a hand-sized miniature of him dressed as his "Tears of Love" character scolding him and miniature savages attacking him with spears. Clifton finds him on the floor of the bar and takes him to Valentin's apartment. Valentin stands in a home film projector room and has a vison of his shadow moving by itself while the screen is blank, and then off the screen. Finally, in a climax of drunken rage, Valentin sets fire to his old film reels, and, with them, his apartment. Attempting to save one canister in a sudden moment of regret, he is overcome by fumes, and it is only thanks to the endeavours of his ever-loyal dog that he is rescued by a nearby fireman. Peppy has discreetly been following Valentin's fortunes and is shocked to learn of the fire from the newspaper. She leaves a shoot to visit him in hospital, and, stopping short of declaring her love for him, takes him to her grand villa to recover. Waking briefly, Valentin realises his luck and the pair embrace. However, while Peppy is out at a shoot, Clifton arrives and reveals that he is now employed by Peppy, tosses a film script at the bed and what appears to be a Whitman Sampler on the nightstand, and gives a short speech about the drawbacks of being too prideful. But Valentin appears disdainful of the talkie script. After Clifton leaves, the convalescent Valentin roams the villa, and discovers to his horror a room full of the very possessions he himself had previously auctioned off. His pride deeply wounded by her having come to his rescue without his knowledge, he flees the house and returns to the embers of his burned-out apartment to root out his old pistol. Returning home and realising Valentin has left in anger, Peppy gives chase in her car, guessing his intention. Valentin sits in his chair with the gun in his mouth, while the dog frantically pulls at his trouser leg. The intertitle flashes up: "Bang!" But it is outside that we find the source of the noise; Peppy has crashed her car into a tree. She leaps from the wreckage and consoles Valentin just in time to avert catastrophe. She tells him she has secured a role for him in her next production. Valentin is sceptical, saying the audience doesn't want to hear him talk. Peppy tells him she has another idea, and the film ends with Al Zimmer toasting the next entertainment sensation as Valentin is back in the studio, and back to his ebullient self with Peppy as his tap dancing partner. The consummate artist, Valentin has found a way to use the new sound-recording technology without lowering himself to a speaking part.
tt0213149
Action,Drama,History
In 1923 Tennessee, two young boys, Rafe McCawley (Jesse James) and Danny Walker (Reiley McClendon), play together in the back of an old biplane, pretending to be soldiers fighting the Germans in World War I. After Rafe's father lands his biplane and leaves, Rafe and Danny climb into the plane and Rafe accidentally starts it, giving the boys their first experience at flight. Soon afterward, Danny's father (William Fichtner) comes to take him home. He calls Rafe a "stupid boy" and beats Danny. In an effort to protect Danny, Rafe hits Danny's father with an old propeller and calls him a "dirty German". Danny's father reacts by saying he fought the Germans in the trenches in France during World War I, and that he prays that no one will ever have to see the things he saw. Eighteen years later, in January 1941, Danny (Josh Hartnett) and Rafe (Ben Affleck) are both first lieutenants under the command of Major Jimmy Doolittle (Alec Baldwin). Doolittle informs Rafe that he has been accepted into the Eagle Squadron (a RAF outfit for American pilots during the Battle of Britain). Rafe immediately accepts the position. Rafe lies to Danny, though, saying that he was assigned by Doolittle and had no say in the matter. While on a train ride to New York, a nurse named Evelyn (Kate Beckinsale) tells her fellow nurses Sandra (Jennifer Garner), Betty (Jaime King), Martha (Sara Rue), and Barbara (Catherine Kellner) the story of how she met Rafe four weeks earlier after he passed his medical exam despite his dyslexia. That night, Rafe and Evelyn enjoy an evening of dancing at a nightclub and later a jaunt in New York harbor in a borrowed police boat. Rafe shocks Evelyn by saying that he has joined the Eagle Squadron and is leaving the next day. He asks her not to see him off, but is pleased to see that she comes anyway as he leaves the following morning. In the meantime, Danny, Evelyn and their fellow pilots and nurses are transferred to Pearl Harbor, where there is little action; meanwhile, Rafe flies in numerous dogfights with the RAF against the Luftwaffe. During one battle, Rafe is shot down over the English Channel and presumed to be killed in action. Danny gives Evelyn the news and she is devastated. It is then that Danny learns from Evelyn that Rafe volunteered for the assignment. Three months later, Evelyn and Danny realize they are developing feelings for each other. Danny takes Evelyn for a sunset flight over the harbor and begins a relationship with her. On the night of December 6, Evelyn is shocked to discover Rafe, alive and well, standing outside her door. He explains that he survived his aircraft crash and was rescued by a French fishing boat, and has been stuck in occupied France ever since. Danny comes soon afterward holding a telegram from Western Union stating that Rafe is in fact alive. Rafe realizes that Danny and Evelyn are now together and leaves feeling betrayed. He goes to the Hula bar where he is welcomed back by his overjoyed fellow pilots. Danny finds Rafe in the bar with the intention of making things right but a drunken Rafe will have none of it. The two get into a fight. When the police arrive, Danny and Rafe drive away and, after talking, eventually fall asleep in their car. Early the next morning, on December 7, 1941, the Japanese navy begins its attack on Pearl Harbor. The two pilots drive away in search of a still standing airfield, while Evelyn and the other nurses rush for the hospital. The nurses struggle to give emergency treatment to hundreds of injured, some of whom must be turned away because they cannot be saved. Rafe and Danny manage to get in the air in two P-40s, shooting down seven Japanese Zeros. The next day, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt (Jon Voight) delivers his Day of Infamy Speech to the nation and asks the US Congress to declare a state of war with the Empire of Japan. In the aftermath, the survivors attend a memorial service to honor the numerous dead, including fellow nurses and pilots. Later, Danny and Rafe are assigned to travel stateside under Major Doolittle for a secret mission. Before they leave, Evelyn reveals to Rafe that she is pregnant with Danny's child and that she will remain with Danny, though she claims she will always love Rafe just as much. Upon their arrival in California, Danny and Rafe are both promoted to captain and awarded the silver star. Doolittle asks them to volunteer for a top secret mission, which they both immediately accept although the risks are high. While sitting at a bonfire on a beach, Rafe attempts to dissuade Danny from going, but Danny decides to go anyway, thinking that Rafe is just trying to protect him. During the next three months, Rafe, Danny and other pilots train with specially modified B-25 Mitchell bombers, learning how to launch them with a limited runway. In April, the raiders are sent towards Japan on board the USS Hornet, and are informed that their mission will involve bombing Tokyo and then landing in China. However, the Japanese discover them early, forcing the raiders to launch from a longer distance than planned. After a successful bombing run against Tokyo, the raiders crash-land on Japanese-occupied territory in China in a rice paddy. The Japanese Army pin down Rafe's plane, but Danny's crew flies over and shoots the Japanese patrol before crashing. Rafe runs to Danny's side and attempts to pull a sharp piece of metal from Danny's neck, but they are once again attacked by Japanese patrols. Danny is shot during the attack while the other pilots, Red (Ewen Bremner) and Gooz (Michael Shannon), kill off the remaining Japanese patrolmen. Holding a dying Danny in his arms, Rafe tells Danny that he can't die because he is going to be a father, to which the dying Danny replies that Rafe will have to be the father. The remaining pilots are rescued by the Chinese. Upon his return home, a visibly pregnant Evelyn sees Rafe getting off the aircraft, carrying Danny's coffin. Afterward, both Evelyn and Rafe are awarded medals. Rafe is awarded his medal by President Roosevelt, and he and Evelyn are discharged from the army. A few years later after the war ends, Rafe and Evelyn, now married, visit Danny's grave with Danny's and Evelyn's son, also named Danny. Rafe asks baby Danny if he would like to go flying, and the two fly off into the sunset in an old biplane.
tt1041829
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The opening segments of the movie intersect between Andrew Paxton (Ryan Reynolds) and Margaret Tate (Sandra Bullock) as they wake up and get ready for the workday. While Margaret has time to work out and leisurely read the paper as she eats her breakfast, Andrew wakes to find he's overslept and leaps out of bed in a panic. Despite being late, he manages to pick up some coffee and rush into the office of a large publishing company in New York City just as his boss Margaret comes in. He fires off a mass mail warning everyone in their cubicles to look sharp as the 'witch on her broom' arrives. It turns out that Margaret is a top editor of the company, notorious for her cold indifference and iron fist, while Andrew is her assistant / secretary. Margaret begins the day by firing fellow editor Bob Spaulding (Aasif Mandvi) for failing to set up an interview with an author renowned for his reclusiveness. Bob responds by yelling at and insulting her in front of his coworkers, but this doesn't faze Margaret, who orders him to vacate the office by the end of the day and informs Andrew that, due to Bob's firing, she needs him to work over the weekend. Andrew explaining that he's planning to travel home for his grandmother's 90th birthday reaps no leeway. Margaret is then summoned to an upper office to speak with her boss, Chairman Bergen (Michael Nouri), who informs her that she is to be deported back to her native Canada due to an expired visa. When Andrew enters the office to fetch Margaret, she devises a desperate bid to stay in the country and maintain her job: She calls Andrew to her side and announces that the two are to be married. Andrew is too stunned and encouraged by Margaret's assurances to deny otherwise. Bergen arranges to have them go together to the immigration office to validate the engagement. Back in Margaret's office, Andrew tries to break away from the situation, but Margaret blackmails him into keeping the ruse up until she gains her citizenship, promising to swiftly divorce him once it's done. Despite his fears of being fined, or worse, sentenced to jail time, Andrew agrees. At immigration they meet with Mr. Gilbertson (Denis O'Hare), an investigator who sees through their ploy and tries to get them to confess. Though looking as though he will crack under the pressure, Andrew retains his composure and assures Gilbertson that he and Margaret are in love and that he's even due to be promoted to editor; doing a complete 180 on Margaret's blackmail. While Gilbertson is still unconvinced, Margaret insists and tells him they're planning to announce their engagement at Andrew's grandmother's birthday party that weekend, which turns out is in Sitka, Alaska. Once out on the street, Andrew demands that his promotion be immediate and tells Margaret to publish 20,000 copies of a manuscript he's been trying to get through or he will make a deal with immigration and confess. Trapped in her desperation, Margaret agrees and, upon Andrew's request, gets down on her knees and asks him to marry her. Andrew teases her but accepts. The first leg of their journey is in First Class on a transcontinental flight, during which Margaret quizzes Andrew's knowledge on her to find that he has been very thorough, while she knows nearly nothing about him. He reveals that he knows she has a tattoo since she once asked him to research removal techniques but canceled her dermatologist appointment. They are forced to take a second, smaller, and uncomfortable flight from Anchorage to Sitka. Upon landing they are greeted by Andrew's mother, Grace (Mary Steenburgen) and grandmother, Annie (Gammie - Betty White), who inform them that Margaret's hotel reservation was canceled so that she could stay at the family home. Margaret is clearly uncomfortable in this environment and, as they make their way to Andrew's home, is shocked to see that the family name is posted on nearly every business in town. She is equally shocked when she learns that the only way to get to the Paxton home is by boat. Since she can't swim, her fear is apparent, though Andrew tells her to shrug it off. Arriving at the family estate, Margaret questions why Andrew never told her he was rich. He plays it off by saying that he isn't but his family is. Inside they find a large gathering of family and friends waiting for them as a homecoming to Andrew, who's been away for three years. To Andrew's surprise, his friend Chuck (Michael Mosley) and high school sweetheart Gertrude (Malin Akerman) are in attendance. Andrew's father, Joe (Craig T. Nelson), confronts him about bringing his boss about whom Andrew consistently expressed hatred in the past. Having been estranged from his father for some time, Andrew defiantly declares his intent to marry Margaret before announcing the engagement to everyone. Joe is stunned but Grace and Gammie react with joy and request a story of the proposal. Andrew and Margaret improvise an awkward story of how it happened, playing off each other and laying subtle insults throughout. Clinking their wine glasses, everyone demands a kiss from Andrew and Margaret who oblige with a light peck at first but finish with a longer, passionate kiss that seems to surprise the both of them. Reassuring them that she approves their relationship, Grace sets Andrew and Margaret up together in a shared bedroom for the night. Gammie gives Margaret a quilt with 'special powers' that she won't divulge other than saying she's nicknamed it The Babymaker. Margaret tosses it aside for the night and insists that Andrew sleep on the floor. The next morning, Margaret is awoken by her phone and sees that one of her important clients is calling. She struggles for better reception and is told by Andrew, half asleep, to go outdoors. As she exits, she fails to shut the front door and the family puppy, a husky named Kevin, follows her out only to be swept up by a hungry eagle, which drops Kevin into Margaret's arms and swoops in again, snatching her phone right out of her hand. Margaret lifts Kevin in the air in a comical attempt to trade the puppy for her phone while Grace and Gammie watch from inside, thinking she's merely playing. Andrew goes outside to fetch her and tells her that he can place an order for a new phone to pick up in town. For now, he tells her that she's going out with his mother and Gammie, who take her to a local bar where they watch as Ramone (Oscar Nuez), who Margaret recognizes as the man who was waiting hors d'oeuvres at the Paxton home, performs a dance to a remix of Relax. He places a veil on Margaret's head and brings her to the stage for a bachelorette strip dance, much to her embarrassment. Margaret steps outside for some air once her lap dance is over, and is soon joined by Gertrude. They talk about Andrew, and Gertrude reveals that he proposed to her after graduation, but she refused because he wanted to go to the city and she wanted to stay home. She's happy being an eternal local and always knew that Andrew was meant for bigger things. Grace comes outside to collect Margaret and, through the open door, Gammie is briefly seen dancing with Ramone. Back at the house, Andrew goes outside where his father is driving golf balls that dissolve in water into the lake. While Joe apologizes for his rash behavior over the engagement, he expresses his disappointment that Andrew chose to move to New York rather than run the family empire, berating his career choice as trivial and silly. Andrew argues that what he does makes him happy before rejecting his father's apology and leaving. When Grace, Gammie, and Margaret return, they find Andrew listening to an MP3 and hollowing out a wooden canoe in the yard, which Grace recognizes as a sign that something is wrong, as evidently the canoe has been a long-term project that Andrew usually works on when upset. Grace confronts Joe in the lounge and tells him to start being more supportive before Andrew decides not to come home again. Margaret overhears some of the dispute before going upstairs to shower. Just before she gets out of the shower, Andrew enters the room, still listening to his music, and walks out to the balcony where he starts to undress. Realizing that she forgot to grab a towel from the linen closet, Margaret tries to sneak out of the bathroom but is pestered by Kevin. As she makes a break for it, she runs straight into the naked Andrew and they collapse to the floor. Screaming at each other, they quickly cover up and run to opposite ends of the room and Margaret barely avoids using the Babymaker as a cover-up. Later that night, they lie awake and Margaret asks Andrew why relations with his father are so strained. Andrew eludes the question and changes the subject to Margaret and what she has a tattoo of on her back. Silent at first, Margaret tells him that she has two swallows meant to immortalize her parents, who died when she was sixteen. She warms up further and explains that she only acts tough to maintain a reputation; when Bob shouted insults at her, she retreated to the restroom where she wept. Andrew breaks the somber mood by singing It Takes Two by Margaret's favorite band and then asks her not to take it wrongly when he says she's very attractive. The next morning, Margaret wakes early and puts on some light makeup before Grace knocks on the door. Margaret frantically tries to wake Andrew and make it appear as though they'd been snuggling as Grace enters with Joe and Gammie and asks them if they will marry the next day in the barn where they were wed. Andrew and Margaret hesitate but quickly agree when Gammie asks if they could do so before she dies. The sudden decision puts Andrew into shock and he fears that if Gammie finds out about the charade, she will die. Margaret tries to console him, finding herself in a more caring mood before she leaves the room to change. Scared by her feelings, Margaret grabs a bike and heads down a trail in the woods where she happens upon Gammie chanting around a small fire, dressed in traditional native robes. Gammie invites Margaret to chant to Mother Earth to ask for blessing and encourages her to find a rhythm. Margaret starts chanting and to Gammie's surprise, breaks into singing Get Low. Andrew arrives and tells Margaret that her phone has arrived in town. They retrieve the phone at a convenience store, where Margaret is shocked to see Ramone working. Andrew takes her to an Internet caf to check her mail while he runs outside to catch up with Gertrude, who is escorting a class of children while Margaret watches them with mixed feelings. Leaving the caf, Margaret is kidnapped by Grace and Gammie, who take her to a dress shop where she is fitted with Gammie's wedding dress. Gammie does the alterations and gives Margaret a necklace that was given to her by her mother. Margaret is visibly moved by this and Grace breaks down with happiness. Afterwards Margaret meets Andrew at the docks to go back to the house but takes the controls and speeds off. Andrew asks her what's wrong and Margaret panics and shouts that she'd forgotten what it was like to have a real family; the idea of falsely marrying and possibly hurting Andrew's family now seems impossible. Andrew takes the helm of the boat back and narrowly misses a buoy, but the sharp turn sends Margaret overboard. Andrew manages to rescue her and take her back to the house safely. However, they are met on the docks by Joe, who takes them to the barn where Mr. Gilbertson the immigration agent is waiting. They both confront the couple on the possibility of a false marriage, but Andrew stands by his word and angrily leaves the barn with Margaret. Later, Margaret tries to tell Andrew that he should reconsider his actions, but he is adamant. Before they can do anything else, Gammie steals Andrew away saying that the groom must not see his bride before the wedding. The next day, everything goes as planned until Margaret is standing at the altar with Andrew facing the ubiquitous cleric, Ramone. Before he can start, Margaret stops him and, over Andrew's objections, faces the crowd and announces the farce. Mr. Gilbertson smiles in his seat as Margaret apologizes to the Paxton family and tells Gilbertson to meet her at the airport. Andrew goes to follow Margaret, but is stopped by his family demanding an explanation. By the time he gets to their bedroom, Margaret is gone. Her wedding dress and a hand-written note lie on the bed. He reads the note, an apology from Margaret acknowledging his writing talents and promising that she will keep her end of the bargain, as Gertrude enters. Though Andrew seems upset and tells Gertrude that Margaret was inconsiderate to leave without talking to him face to face, she asks him if he's simply going to let her go. Andrew runs back outside and is stopped by his father, who quarrels with him over what's happened. Gammie stammers in the background for them to stop yelling and suddenly gets short of breath and collapses. An emergency charter plane is called to take Gammie to the hospital. Grace, Joe, and Andrew accompany her and she asks the boys to make up with each other and to stop fighting. They promise to, and she lays back, content, and says the spirits can now take her. Then she sits up and announces,"I guess they're not ready for me!" before ordering the pilot to take them to the airport. Joe and Andrew are beside themselves, but Gammie defends herself saying that her dying act was the only way to get them to shut up. They arrive at the airport and Andrew dashes onto the runway but is too late to stop Margaret's plane. Joe can only express confusion while Grace and Gammie explain that Margaret wouldn't have told the truth unless she loved Andrew, who has discovered that he loves her too. With 24 hours to pack and depart to Canada, Margaret cleans out her office as coworkers still show trepidation around her, though she couldn't care less at this point. Andrew arrives, out of breath and out of patience. He tells her that, while only three days ago he fantasized about her getting hit by a taxi, things started to change in Alaska and he only realized how he truly felt when he was left alone at the altar. He properly proposes and, while Margaret admits that she's scared, accepts. They kiss and are applauded by the whole office. They return to the immigration office where Gilbertson tells them that if they show the slightest hint that their engagement this time isn't genuine, he will take them down. As the credits roll, Margaret and Andrew, along with the entire Paxton family, are individually interviewed by the Gilbertson with comical results. Ramone is also interviewed and he laughs nervously as his citizenship is questioned.
tt1598822
Comedy,Romance
The film opens with a shot of a horse-drawn carriage, then a montage of other New York City locations at Christmas time. We hear Jessica Biels voice saying, Some people swear theres no beauty left in the world, no magic. Then how do you explain the whole world coming together to celebrate the hope of a new year? Cut to Ryan Seacrest beginning his hosting duties in Times Square. Crowds are already gathering for the New Years Eve celebration. Claire Morgan (Hilary Swank) gets out of a taxi and rushes over to a group of reporters to be interviewed. Shes the new Vice President of the Times Square Alliance. Nearby, Ingrid (Michelle Pfeiffer) gets off a bus, looking at a piece of paper she is holding. She almost gets hit by a taxicab and falls into a pile of garbage bags. Paul (Zac Efron) zooms past Ingrid on his scooter, which he parks outside Ahern Records Inc. He enters the recording studio headquarters, flirting with every girl he passes on the way. Meanwhile, Tess Byrne and her husband Griffin (Jessica Biel and Seth Meyers) are introduced. Tess is nine months pregnant and is waiting in the waiting room of the hospital. She and her husband overhear another couple, Grace and James Schwab (Sarah Paulson and Til Schweiger), discussing how they need to have their baby as close to midnight as possible so they can win the $25,000 the hospital is offering to the first baby born in the new year. Griffin tells Tess that if they have their baby first, they could use the money to pay off his student loans. Meanwhile, Randy (Ashton Kutcher) is waking up to the phone ringing in his extremely messy apartment. His roommate, Paul, is calling to ask what Randy wants to do for New Years Eve. As they talk, Randy wanders out into the hall, which is heavily decorated for New Years. He tells Paul that he hates New Years Eve and starts tearing down the decorations. Meanwhile, there is a couple getting married in a tiny, empty church. The only guest present is Sam (Josh Duhamel). The couple teases him that he is the last of their friends still single, but they are sure hell meet a great girl soon. The bride asks him about the girl he met last New Years Eve. Sam says that was a year ago. Everyone has moved on since then. His phone rings and he hurries off its his work calling, and he has a big speech to make that night. Cut to Laura (Katherine Heigel). She's a chef, and she is preparing to cater the biggest A-list party of her career, the Ahern Records Masquerade Ball. She needs her sous chef Ava (Sofia Vergara). Ava finally arrives, and she's extremely excited because she just saw the tour bus for the famous singer Jensen who will be performing at the party. The street is lined with Jensen fans holding signs. Inside the tour bus, Jensen (Jon Bon Jovi) is practicing guitar. Laura heads into the kitchen to instruct the rest of the staff. Ava calls her on her cellphone to update Laura on the status of Jensens tour bus. Laura says, "Well, if you see Jensen, tell him to avoid the blond in the kitchen with the really big knife". Ava says, "Do you know him?" Just then, Jensen walks into the kitchen and says, "Hi Laura". Laura slaps him across the face. Back to Paul, who is bringing a delivery to Ingrid, who is a secretary at Ahern Records. He notices her working on a list, and asks if its her New Years resolutions. Ingrid thinks hes being nosy, and he mentions that he has been delivering her packages for over a year, and shes never looked him in the eye before. She opens the package, which is full of tickets to the Mask Ball. Paul is desperate for a ticket, but Ingrid pulls them away. In a nearby food court, three teenage girls are watching three teenage boys. One of the boys, Seth (Jake T. Austin), asks Hailey (Abigail Breslin), if shell meet him in Times Square that night. She agrees. Her girl friends giggle and say hes going to kiss Hailey at midnight for sure. But will her mom let her go to Times Square? Cut to Hailey's mother Kim (Sarah Jessica Parker) who is working on the Rockettes' costumes at Radio City Music Hall. She tells one of the dancers that she plans to spend the evening at home with her daughter Hailey. She thinks her daughter is excited at the prospect. Back to Sam, who is trying to find his way back from the wedding to New York City. His GPS keeps giving him conflicting instructions, and he crashes his car into a signpost. Over to Claire, who is trying to organize everything in Times Square. A generator is missing. Everything is going wrong. Her police officer friend Brendan (Ludacris) comforts her. She asks when he is going to get home to his family, and he says that he is staying on duty to help her out. He asks Claire if she is going to make it to the appointment she has later that night. She's not sure if she can. Back to Jensen and Laura. Jensen says, "I know youre upset with me, but it's been a year". Laura says, "I've been planning that slap all year. It wasnt as satisfying as I expected." She slaps him again. Jensen says, "I tried to call you. I left you tickets for my show". She says, "I never got to make you a single dinner in our apartment. You walked out before I even unpacked the groceries." Over to Ingrid, who is trying to get her year-end bonus from her boss. Her boss says it has been a tough year for the music industry. He writes her a check, and its obviously a lot smaller than she expected. She says she was planning to take a trip with the money. She already booked two weeks off. He says he couldn't spare her that long she can have one week. Ingrid says, "Then I quit! I almost died today." Her boss says, "You're fine. Now get me a coffee". Ingrid storms out to her desk and starts packing her stuff. Back to the kitchen where Laura is throwing eggs at a Jensen poster. Ava joins in, but she has terrible aim and her eggs splatter on the floor. She shrugs and says, "I'm a delicate girl." Cut to the hospital. Stan Harris (Robert De Niro) is a middle-aged man lying in bed, extremely ill. His doctor asks why Stan hasn't accepted chemotherapy or any other kind of treatment for his cancer. Stan says he knows he is going to die, so why prolong the inevitable? He only wants to live to see the ball drop in Times Square one more time. That's why he picked this hospital, because it has a good view. He asks the doctor whether he can watch from the roof, and the doctor says hes very sorry, but its against hospital policy. The doctor speaks to Nurse Aimee (Halle Berry) in private and tells her that Stan probably won't last the night. Back to Randy, who is taking the elevator downstairs to throw away the bag of decorations he tore down. Elise (Lea Michele) runs out of her apartment and asks Randy to hold the door. Halfway down, the elevator jerks to a stop. Elise tries the service phone, but its dead. Her cell has no service either. She starts freaking out because she has somewhere really important to be. Back to Tess and Griffin at the hospital. The doctor informs them that it was a false alarm, Tess isnt in labor yet. The doctor is extremely holistic and is planning on a birth with no epidural or Pitocin. Griffin says "what about a c-section, maybe right after midnight?" The doctor says she is not giving them a c-section so they can win some money. Griffin says, "what if we split it with you?" She says, "You are dangerously close to a rectal exam." Over to Hailey, who tells her mom Kim that she would actually like to spend New Years Eve with her friends. Kim says there is no way she is going to leave Hailey alone in Times Square. Hailey says "Don't you trust me?" Her mom says it's the world she doesn't trust. Hailey says, "I want to start living in the world. You used to." Cut to Claire, who is trying to climb the stairs to the giant ball, but she's afraid of heights. Brendan carries her up on his back. Claire gives a little speech about the origins of the ball, then she flips a giant switch to light it up. This is the practice run, and everything goes smoothly. Back to Sam, who is getting his smashed-up car towed. He asks the tow truck driver if he can take him all the way back to New York city, but the driver says no way. Also, the mechanic is already closed for the day, as is the car rental company. Sam says he has to get back to the city, he has a huge speech to make at his company party. Back to Paul, who is returning to Ahern Records for another delivery. Ingrid meets him outside, and tells him that she has hired him for the day. She wants him to help her complete her list of New Years resolutions. She says, I already did the first one quit my job. If Paul helps her complete the whole list by midnight, she'll give him tickets to the Masquerade Ball. He looks at the list. The first few items are Eat breakfast at Tiffanys. "Go to Bali. Save a life". Paul says, "These are impossible". Ingrid says, Use your imagination. Paul really wants the tickets, so he agrees. They drive off on his scooter. Over to Jensen, who is trying to convince Ava to help him talk to Laura. He explains that last New Years he asked Laura to marry him, but then he got cold feet and took off. Laura overhears him and offers Jensen a truce. Back to Paul and Ingrid, who are drinking lattes and eating donuts outside of Tiffanys. Next they take a New York taxi ride with no traffic on a water taxi. Back to Jensen and Laura. She apologizes for slapping him shes really stressed out about the Mask Ball. Jensen apologizes for running away. She says, You didnt run, you sprinted. Jensen says, "I'm going back on tour tomorrow, will you come with me?" Laura says, "I did your life. I have a life of my own now". Jensen says, "I'm ready to commit". She says, "Me too, Im committing to what I really love my work. I can't do this again." Back to the elevator where Elise and Randy are still trapped. Randy is complaining about New Years Eve. Elise loves New Years and she has big plans that night. She is desperate to escape the elevator and asks Randy to lift her up so she can climb out the hatch in the top of the elevator, but its locked. As she tugs at the lock, Randy sees that she is wearing a Jensen backstage pass and he says, "Ugh, you're a groupie." She glares at him and says, "Put me down." Over to Hailey, who is telling Seth that she can't come to meet him in Times Square because her mom wont let her. He says, Let me talk to her. He tries to convince Kim that its perfectly safe, that they are practically adults. Kim threatens to call Seths mom. Seth says, "Sorry Hailey, I tried, but your mom fights dirty." Over to Paul and Ingrid, who are driving around a sketchy Brooklyn neighborhood on Pauls scooter. Ingrid asks, "Is this safe?" She wants to forget the whole idea and go home, but Paul opens the door of an extremely dirty building to reveal a gorgeous indoor paradise its the Bali Garden Spa. Ingrid gets an amazing Bali-style massage. Meanwhile, back at the hospital, Tess is eating anchovies to try and induce labor. The other pregnant couple, Grace and James, are watching her. James says, "Do you think you can come in at the last minute and steal our money?" The husbands glare at each other. At Kim and Hailey's apartment, Hailey is still mad at her mom. She says "Mom, youre a hot woman. Lose the clogs and find yourself a sexy man." Kim tries to convince her that they can have fun staying home, having their own party. Hailey says, "I'm over the party and I'm over you!" She slams her bedroom door in her mom's face. Meanwhile, Sam is still stuck with no ride. The tow truck driver takes pity on him and finds him a ride the pastor from the wedding. The pastor and his family are driving into the city to see the ball drop in Times Square. Sam says hell gladly pay for the gas if they give him a ride. The family rolls up in a giant bus. Sam asks, "How much gas are we talking?" The pastor says, "What's the limit on your credit card?" Over at the hospital, Nurse Aimee is asking Stan why he didn't get any cancer treatment. Stan says he was a photographer in Vietnam, and he doesn't really see the point of fighting to live. He only wants to make it to midnight. Back at Kim and Hailey's house, Kim brings her daughter a plate of cookies. When she opens the door to Hailey's room, Hailey is gone. Kim chases Hailey to the train station, but right as she gets there, the train pulls away. She tries to call Hailey's cellphone, but Hailey doesn't answer. Over to the Adopt A Pet Center. Paul has taken Ingrid to adopt a little brown and black puppy. "There you go", Paul says, "You saved a life!" For her trip around the world, he takes her for a drive around a giant globe statue. It's 6:00 p.m. now, and Ryan Seacrest is starting the show in Times Square. Claire is all set to send up the giant ball. She flips the switch, but the ball stops halfway and the lights go out. The crowd boos. Claire says they have to get it fixed before midnight. Back to Sam in the giant bus. The pastors family is asking him about his big speech that night. He says he actually hasn't written it yet. Meanwhile, Paul takes Ingrid to the art museum where they have a miniature reproduction of the New York boroughs. This allows her to walk all five boroughs in one day. While she is doing this, he calls Randy and leaves him a message. He says he is helping out a friend, but they can go to the party after. He says, Shes a little crazy, kind of pathetic, but in a cute way. Ingrid overhears him talking, and shes hurt and furious. She says she doesnt want to do the list anymore and she leaves. Over in Times Square, no one is able to repair the giant ball. The repairmen tell Claire that they need Kominsky. Meanwhile, Griffin comes home and finds Tess standing on her head. He says that will just send the baby the wrong way. Hes bought her a bottle of castor oil to induce labor, but she says he has to try it first. He takes a swig, but its too disgusting. Just then, Tess water breaks. They rush downstairs to get a taxi, but people keep stealing their cab. Griffin ends up hiring a bicycle rickshaw. Over at the hospital, Stan is asking Nurse Aimee when she gets off work. She says at midnight until then, Stan is her date. Stan asks, "Why are you so nice to me, when I've spent my whole adult life being an ass?" She says, "Maybe being an ass is how you got everything you wanted out of life". He says, "Not everything." Meanwhile, Randy and Elise are still stuck in the elevator. Randy says, "Aren't you going to talk to me?" Elise says, "Sure. While were making assumptions about people, how about I make a few about you: let me guess, you grew up in suburbia, went to liberal arts college, and then moved to the city to prove how cool you are. Now youre a wannabe hipster who spent all month growing half a beard, and you whine about New Years because once upon a time some Prom Queen broke your heart on New Years Eve." Randy is quiet for a minute, then he says, "It took me a year to grow this beard actually, and the heartbreak was in college". Then he offers her a sip of his cold coffee. Meanwhile, in the pastors bus, Sam is telling the family about the amazing girl he met last New Years Eve. Cut to the Ahern Records Masquerade Ball. Jensen is about to perform. Mrs. Rose Ahern is introducing him to the waiting crowd. Back in the elevator, Elise is explaining that she went to Julliard and shes a singer. She just got hired to sing backup for Jensen, which could be a huge break for her, if she wasn't stuck in the elevator. Randy asks her to sing for him, but she says she only does private performances in the shower. Over in Times Square, the ball is still stuck, but Kominsky (Hector Elizondo) has arrived. Claire thanks him for coming. He says they never should have fired him. Claire says it wasnt her that fired him, shes new at the VP job. She asks him whats wrong with the ball, and he says one of the lights has shorted out. Hell have to find the one faulty light out of 3,000 in order to fix it. While Kominsky is doing this, Claire gives a speech to the waiting crowd. She says that the stalling of the ball is a reminder to all of them to stop and reflect on the year gone by, on triumphs and missteps, promises made and broken. She says New Years is about getting another chance. Back on the bus, Sam is telling the pastor's family how he and his mystery girl had the most amazing conversation last New Years Eve, they talked for hours. The family asks if he kissed her, and he says he did at midnight. But then he went to the bathroom, and when he came back she had disappeared, leaving a note that said her life was really complicated at the moment, and if he was still thinking about her in a year, he should meet her at the restaurant La Gambina at midnight. The pastors family asks if Sam is going to go meet her. Sam says hes not sure if he should. He doesnt even know the girls name. Over to Paul, who receives a call from his sister Kim asking if hes seen Hailey. He says that Hailey might have called her cool uncle to tell him that she was planning to meet her boyfriend at the 54th street pen. But in return for this information, he needs Kim to do him a favor. Then Paul finds Ingrid and says he is ready to accomplish the next item on her list: Be amazed. He asks Ingrid to give him one more chance to help her. Ingrid says, "Okay, but on one condition". Cut to Ingrid driving Paul's scooter while Paul hangs on for dear life. Meanwhile, Brendan compliments Claire on her speech. He says she should go to her important meeting. Claire says, "I don't move until the ball does." Over at the hospital, Tess and Griffin are ready to have the baby, but Grace and James Schwab have just showed up to have their baby as well. The husbands race to check in while the wives commiserate. Back in the elevator, Randy tells Elise he is a comic book illustrator. He offers to draw her if she will sing for him. Meanwhile, Ava is asking Laura if she is going to watch Jensen sing. Laura says no. Cut to Jensen performing the song Have a little faith in me. While he sings, Kominsky works on the ball and Elise sings the same song in the elevator. She has an incredible voice, and Randy stops sketching to stare at her in amazement. Jensen keeps singing, while Stan hunches over in his bed in pain, and Tess is in the final stages of labor. Kim is running around Times Square, searching for Hailey. Jensen looks up in the balcony and sees Laura watching him. He sings the end of the song directly to her. Elise finishes singing and Randy claps. She demands to see his drawing, and he shows her a sketch of her trapped in the elevator. She teases him, "Is that me? I look crazy. Do you have any other hobbies?" In the hospital, Stan is talking with Nurse Aimee. He says, "Remember when I took you to New York City to see the ball drop and I promised you wed go back? But we never did. Why did I ever leave you?" Aimee says, "I'm Aimee. Remember, Nurse Aimee?" Stan says, "Right... Aimee". Meanwhile, Paul is sitting in the empty auditorium of Radio City Music hall. Hes still trying to call Randy. The curtain pulls back to reveal the backdrop and stage. Ingrid comes swinging through the air on a harness. Paul yells, "Are you amazed?" She says, "I'm amazed you got me to do this." Back in the elevator, Elise tells Randy they could have their own New Years party. She pulls the decorations out of the garbage bag and tells him to imagine theyre at a party and he has just spotted her across the room. Its almost midnight. They count down from ten together, moving closer and closer. Just as they are about to kiss, the elevator starts moving again. The superintendent lets them out on the ground floor. Randy tells Elise, You might still make your gig. She is about to wish him a Happy New Year, but she remembers that he hates the holiday and just says goodbye instead. Randy is about to take the elevator back upstairs when he sees that Elise dropped something. Back at the hospital, Tess is moments away from having the baby. Griffin is distracted watching the other couple to see how far theyve progressed. Tess says I dont care about the money anymore, I need you to focus. Griffin sees James leaving the other delivery room, and notices that he already has two small children. Meanwhile, Sam and the pastors family have finally arrived in New York City. Nearby, Hailey is searching the 54th street pen for Seth. Paul drops Ingrid as close to the ball drop as he can. He wishes her good luck with the last item on her list. She says, I knew it was a long shot. She hands him the tickets to the Ahern Records Masquerade Ball. She tells him to make his own list of resolutions, and not to wait as long as she did to fulfill them. Meanwhile, the President of the Times Square Alliance rolls up in his limo to tell Claire that if she doesnt get the ball fixed in time, she will let down the whole world, and shell also be fired. Elise runs over to the main stage of Times Square and announces she is a backup singer for Jensen. Apparently Jensen is missing, however. Randy runs up behind Elise. He gives her the little pink plastic bracelet she dropped in the elevator. She says, You came all this way to give me a rubber bracelet? He says, Also, to tell you Happy New Years. Oh, and you left something else in the elevator. He kisses her. Elise says, Im glad you remembered that. Nearby, Jensen is sitting on the bumper of a car. Claire comes over to ask him why he isnt performing. He says that he heard Claires speech, but he doesnt think he deserves a second chance. Claire says, I know how you feel. Jensen tells her about Laura, and Claire says, Maybe she cant share you with the rest of the world. Jensen hears his fans chanting his name, and he knows Laura is right. Claire says, Remember, second chances dont expire until midnight. Sam runs into the Ahern Records party. He hugs Rose Ahern, who is apparently his mother. Sam gets on the stage to deliver his speech. He says that his father isnt with them anymore, but he used to say What would you do today if you knew you wouldnt fail? Now go out and do it. Sam says, Its okay to listen to your heart. Its risky, but take that leap of faith. Jensen finally climbs up on the main stage and starts singing. He jams with Elise while Randy watches from the crowd and Kim watches on TV. Meanwhile, Kominsky finally locates the burnt-out light and fixes the giant ball. It starts moving upward with Kominsky still on top. He yells for the other technicians to let him down. Claire is thrilled, and shes even more excited when her assistant tells her that Mayor Bloomberg heard her speech and wants her to assist with the ball drop. But Claire says there is somewhere else she has to be. She leaves Kominsky her walkie talkie and tells him he is rehired, and officially in charge. As one last act before she leaves, she brings Brendans family upstairs so he can spend New Years Eve with them. Over at the Ahern Masquerade Ball, all the gorgeous ladies are trying to flirt with Sam, but hes not interested. His mother Rose Ahern thanks Laura for her amazing catering work. Rose says she will definitely recommend Laura to all her famous friends. Then she reveals that she hired Laura for the party because Jensen said he wouldnt perform otherwise. Sam is watching the clock, which points to 11:45. He cuts off the gorgeous ladies mid-sentence and takes off running. Back at the hospital, Stan asks Nurse Aimee to leave him alone. He doesnt want her to watch him die. Aimee says I wont leave you alone. Someone says, Hes not alone. Hi Daddy. Its Claire. Her important appointment was to watch the ball drop with Stan. Nurse Aimees shift is over and she leaves to change into a sexy pink party dress. While the other nurses are talking, Claire sneaks her father into the elevator in a wheelchair. The head nurse notices Stan is missing, but Aimee says to let them be. Claire takes her father onto the roof, even though shes afraid of heights. Aimee heads upstairs to an empty room where she has a computer and a web cam set up. She turns it on so she can talk to her husband who is in the military overseas. He says that all the other guys are watching Times Square on TV, but he just wants to look at his wife. Aimee says he is coming home soon, she knows it. Meanwhile, Laura is alone in the kitchen eating chocolates. Jensen comes in and says, Is the kitchen still open? Laura says, Only for dessert. She tells Jensen that she knows he got Rose Ahern to hire her. Jensen says, I knew you had a lot of offers and I needed you to take this one so I could talk to you. Im cancelling my tour. Im never going to leave you again, ever. The best decision I ever made was asking you to marry me, and the worst decision was sprinting. Im going to make it up to you, no matter how long it takes. Cut to Mayor Bloomberg and Ryan Seacrest, about to drop the ball in Times Square. Claire and Stan are watching from the roof of the hospital. Stan says, I made so many mistakes in my life, but you werent one of them. The countdown starts. Kim is still running around looking for Hailey. Sam is running towards La Gambina. Laura and Jensen are kissing. Tess is pushing her baby out. The countdown ends and everybody in Times Square kisses. Ingrid is standing alone. Laura stops kissing Jensen and asks, If youre here, then whos at Times Square? Cut to Elise, who starts singing Auld Lang Syne on the main stage. While she sings, Hailey is still looking for Seth. Just as she catches sight of him, one of her girl friends grabs him and kisses him. Hailey watches the kiss, devastated, and Kim sees the whole thing. She runs over to hug Hailey, and they leave together. Tess and Griffin are holding their new baby boy. Nurse Aimee is still talking to her husband, and he says, I love you so much, I think about you all the time. Sam has reached La Gambina, but it is all boarded up and shut down. Paul runs up to Ingrid in Times Square and kisses her. Ingrid says, What the hell are you doing, Im twice your age! Paul says, Final resolution: midnight kiss. Boom! Check it off! Elise finishes singing and Randy gives her a thumbs up. She touches her pink plastic bracelet. Hailey and Kim head to a nearby caf. Kim says, You have no idea how worried I was. Haileys friends follow them to tell Hailey about an after-party. Hailey looks at her mom, and Kim agrees that Hailey can go. Hailey says, You should go to your thing too, mom. Just then, Seth comes in. He asks Hailey to let him explain he says the girl totally stole the kiss from him. As he tries to explain, Hailey steals a kiss of her own. Kim leaves them and runs over to the costume department of Radio City Music Hall. Back at the hospital, Claire is sitting alone in a chair holding the bag with her fathers belongings. There is a watch, a wallet, and a photo of her as a little girl. Claire cries as she looks at the photo. The nurses see her crying and invite her to participate in their New Years Eve tradition. They head to the nursery where all the new babies are laying and say, Welcome to the world! Down the hall, James comes into Tess room to congratulate Tess and Griffin. He says his wife had a baby girl, which means he now has three daughters. He tentatively tells them that his baby was born at 12:04, and asks when their baby was born. From the gleeful look on Tess face, its obvious their baby was born sooner, but Griffin says, 12:05. Tess looks surprised, but then smiles at him. She doesn't mind letting the other couple have the money. Meanwhile, Sam is waiting outside La Gambina. He sits for a while, then finally leaves. Just as he starts to walk away, he sees a horse-drawn carriage approaching. A woman steps down, dressed in a sparkling gown. Its Kim. Sam says, "You look amazing". Kim says, "I had a year to get ready." Jessica Biel's voice returns to say, "Sometimes it feels like there are so many things we can't control, earthquakes, war, famine. But it's important to remember the things we can control, like love and forgiveness. Thats what New Years Eve is really about: love, hope, and a really great party." The credits roll, interspersed with footage of Paul and Ingrid dancing at the Ahern Records Masquerade Ball, and bloopers from filming.
tt0118799
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Set in late 1930s Arezzo, Italy, Jewish man and poet, Guido Orefice (Roberto Benigni) uses cunning wit to win over an Italian schoolteacher, Dora (Nicoletta Braschi) who's set to marry another man. Charming her with "Buongiorno Principessa", getting the timing perfect every time and whisking her away on a green horse (don't ask!) ensures they soon live together happily in Guido's uncle, Eliseo Orefice's (Giustino Durano) house. Bringing up their 5 year old boy, Giosu (Giorgio Cantarini), the war continues without them noticing until one fateful day when the Germans arrest Guido and his son at the uncle's house during preparation for Giosu's birthday party, and transfer them to a concentraction camp. Dora demands to be taken too, thus Guido is devastated to see his non-Jewish wife board the train. Protecting his son from the vile truth, Guido tells Giosu that they are just on a big hoilday, and he turns the camp into a big game for Giosu, claiming that they must win 1000 points to win a real tank and leave. His elderly uncle, however, is on a different "team" and is lead towards the showers first. Guido must complete "tasks" for the camp "moderators" (ie. the Nazi SS), while avoiding the impending fate with everything he can offer. His quick thinking saves Giosu from the truth when a German officer requires a translator. Despite not speaking a word of German, Guido steps forward and makes up the "Regole del Campo" from the German's body language, claiming that tanks, scoreboards and games of Hide and Seek litter the camp, while cleverly stating that Giosu cannot cry, ask for his mother or declared he's hungry, resulting in the loss of the "game", in other words, death. Giosu later refuses to take a shower, and unknowingly escapes being gased, so Guido hides him with the help of other Italian prisoners, since there are no other children. Playing messages over the tannoy for Dora, kept prisoner on the other side of the camp, the family build up hope, only to be diminuished by the SS. With the help of Guido's former German friend, Herr Lessing, Guido can hide Giosu amongst the German children, while waiting the German Officer's meals. With the days becoming steadily worse, Guido realises that time is short and that he must make certain sacrifices if his son is ever to see the tanks roll over the hills, and be reunited with his mother. Giosu is pessimistic, and doesn't believe that there are any real tanks or games. Hiding Giosu in a junction box for the last time, telling him that everyone is looking for him, Guido jeapordises his own survival to prevent the Germans discovering Giosu, while he attempts to free Dora, giving his own life away at the same time. The Americans break into the seemingly deserted camp the following morning. Giosu immerges just as a tank pulls around the corner. Hitching a lift out, Giosu soon spots his mother and the film closes.
tt0120888
Comedy,Music,Romance
Set in the year 1985, Robbie (Adam Sandler) is a young man who has dreamed of one day becoming a big rock star. But instead, he has become one of the most entertaining wedding singers in the small town of Richfield. At Robbie's latest wedding gig, he saves the wedding toast from being ruined by the groom's alcoholic brother (Steve Buscemi), and catches the eye of a waitress at the function, named Julia (Drew Barrymore). Afterwards, they both tell how they are engaged: Robbie to his girlfriend Linda (Angela Featherstone), and Julia to her boyfriend, Glenn (Matthew Glave). Noting Robbie's handling of the situation inside the wedding, Julia wants him to sing at her wedding, which Robbie happily agrees to. Eventually, Robbie and Linda's wedding day arrives, and everyone is there, except for Linda. It soon becomes apparent that Linda has decided not to go through with the wedding, leaving Robbie heartbroken and despondent. After the wedding is called off, Linda meets with Robbie, expressing her concerns of ending up being stuck in Richfield, married to Robbie, and raising kids in his sister's basement. Robbie's brother Sammy (Allen Covert), attempts to get him to snap out of his misery, and play another wedding gig. However, Robbie's sour mood disrupts the wedding toast, in which he insults the bride's Father, and breaks into a dour rendition of the song, "Love Stinks." The result has Robbie getting beaten up by the Bride's Father and other attendees. Afterwords, Julia meets with Robbie outside the building, hoping that he'll still play for her and Glenn's wedding. However, he now expresses doubt about participating. Eventually, Robbie's spirits start to perk up, and he ends up doing a Bah Mitzvah with Julia acting as a waitress. After the festivities, Julia asks Robbie if he'll help her plan her wedding. Robbie agrees, and along with his brother Sammy, and Julia's friend Holly. They do everything from try wedding cakes, to hiring a limo driver (of which Sammy is the only one in town). Robbie eventually goes out for a party with Holly, Julia, and Julia's fiance, Glenn. At the party, Robbie gets to see that Glenn is anything but a nice guy, as he notices Glenn has no problems ogling other women on the dance floor. After everyone leaves, Holly tries to hook up with Robbie, but soon sees that he likes Julia. Robbie grapples with his feelings, and eventually decides to tell Julia his true feelings. However, upon arriving at her place, he sees her in a window, in her wedding dress, speaking into a mirror (unheard to Robbie, she is saying his name, practicing saying she's 'Mrs Robbie Hart'). Robbie then gets drunk, and stumbles back to a bar, where he encounters Glenn. Robbie attempts to punch Glenn, but gets hit instead. Arriving back at his place, he finds Linda there, and they both go inside. The next day, Julia shows up, only to meet Linda, who claims she is 'Robbie's fiancee.' Julia then returns home to Glenn, and decides she wants to get married as quickly as possible. Glenn warms to this idea, and they decide to head off to Las Vegas. Meanwhile, Robbie awakes to find Linda, who says she can adapt to being the wife of a wedding singer, but Robbie explains that he doesn't want to marry her. Robbie attends another wedding the same day, and runs into Holly, who explains that Julia is going to Las Vegas. After pressuring Sammy for help, Robbie gets a plane ticket (in First Class), unaware that he is on the same plane as Julia and Glenn (who are in Coach Class). When he finds out, the people in First Class eagerly help him, with a little help from Billy Idol (playing himself), who is also in First Class. Robbie finally expresses his true feelings to Julia through a song, and eventually, the two are married.
tt1080016
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
Ellie (Queen Latifah) and Manny (Ray Romano) are expecting their first child, and Manny is obsessed with making life perfect and safe for the family, since his first experiences as a husband and father went bad when his family were killed by hunters. At the same time, Diego (Denis Leary) finds himself unable to catch a cocky gazelle (Bill Hader) he has been stalking and decides to leave the herd, believing that he is losing his predatory nature as a tiger. Sid (John Leguizamo) grows jealous of Manny and Ellie and adopts three apparently abandoned eggs that he finds in an icy underground cavern and call them Eggbert, Shelly, and Yoko. Manny tells him to put them back, but Sid instead looks after the eggs, which hatch into baby Tyrannosaurus the next morning. Although Sid tries his best to raise the three dinosaurs, their rambunctious behavior scares away all the other animals young and ruins a playground Manny built for Ellies baby. A female Tyrannosaurus, Momma, whose eggs Sid stole, soon returns and carries both Sid and her young underground, with Diego in pursuit. Manny, Ellie, Crash, and Eddie (Seann William Scott, Josh Peck) follow as well and discover that the icy cavern leads to a vast jungle populated by dinosaurs thought to be extinct. Here, an Ankylosaurus threatens the herd despite Diegos efforts to fend it off; they are saved from a further crowd of angry reptiles by an insane, one-eyed weasel named Buckminster, or Buck (Simon Pegg). Buck has been living in this jungle for some time and is chasing Rudy (a huge albino Baryonyx), intending to avenge the eye he lost to it. He agrees to lead the herd through the jungles perils to Lava Falls, where Momma has taken Sid and her babies. In the meantime, Sid and Momma try to outdo each other in feeding the offspring; he loses this contest, but is soon welcomed into the family regardless. The next day, however, Sid is separated from the family and attacked by Rudy. Sid is knocked onto a loose rock slab that is floating on a river of lava and about to plummet over the falls. As the herd moves toward Lava Falls, Ellie goes into labor and a Guanlong pack strikes, causing a rock slide that separates her from Manny and Diego. Manny doubles back to protect her and Diego fends off further attacks, while Buck takes Crash and Eddie ahead to rescue Sid. Just as he goes over the falls, the trio swoops in on a commandeered Pteranodon only to been chased by a flock of Quetzalcoatlus on the way and saves his life. Manny reaches Ellie, and there is suddenly a reaction, the cry of a newborn baby, then he sees that it is a girl. He wants to name her Ellie, or Little Ellie, but Ellie instead names her Peaches after the fruit (and the codeword they had chosen for Ellie to use if she went into labor during the trip). Sid is saddened at the fact that he never had a chance to say goodbye to "his" children as he returns to the herd and learns of Peaches' birth. Before they can exit the jungle, Rudy attacks at full force; Buck lures Rudy away from the group and is nearly eaten himself, before Diego saves him at the last second. They then ensnare him briefly, but he escapes and resumes his onslaught. The herd is saved by the timely arrival of Momma, who charges at Rudy and knocks him off a cliff before roaring her victory. As she and her children wish Sid well, Buck now without a purpose in life since Rudy is gone decides to join the herd and live on the surface. However, a distant roar tells him that Rudy is still alive; he changes his mind and sends the herd home, blocking off the path to the underground jungle at the same time so that no one else can go down there. Manny and Ellie welcome Peaches into their frozen world and admit that Sid did a good job looking after Momma's children (though Manny tells Diego that he will never let Sid babysit Peaches). Diego decides to remain with the herd, while Buck stays where he wants to be: underground, battling it out with Rudy. Scrat and Scratte Like the previous Ice Age films, the film opens with the saber-toothed squirrel Scrat (Chris Wedge), who does everything he can to retrieve his precious acorn. This time, he falls in love with his female counterpart Scratte (Karen Disher), with the song "You'll Never Find Another Love Like Mine" by Lou Rawls playing in the background, but an acorn appears instead after the music stops. The two fight over the acorn with Scratte is flung off the ground. As Scrat tries to save her, the two hold onto the acorn and the music starts back. Suddenly, she demonstrates her ability to glide like a flying squirrel, leaving Scrat falling to the ground. The two eventually fall in love after Scrat saves her from falling to her death in the lava river while she is unconscious. He even chooses to focus his attention on her instead of the acorn until the end of the film, when he tires of her finicky nature and reverts to his old ways. The ensuing fight between the couple leads to a volcanic explosion that hurls Scrat and the acorn back to the surface, leaving Scratte trapped underground. However, as Scrat is about to enjoy his acorn, a stray piece of ice falls on him and knocks the acorn back into Scratte's hands. He screams in frustration, having lost both his acorn and Scratte.
tt1155056
Comedy,Romance
The movie begins with Peter Klaven (Paul Rudd) pulling into an abandoned property with his girlfriend Zooey (Rashida Jones). He tells her about his plans for this place and says that if he lands his next client, a huge movie star, he will be able to afford all that as well as their reception. She looks at him, puzzled, until he gets down on one knee and proposes. Zooey happily accepts, and spends their entire drive home calling her girl friends on speakerphone. Since they dont know that Peter can hear them, they begin to spill all the details about the relationship that Zooey has told them over the months. Peter is embarrassed, but just bears with it. When they arrive at their home, Zooey asks Peter if he wants to give anyone a call. He tells her his parents are probably sleeping, so he can just let them know tomorrow. When she clarifies, saying that she meant any guy friends, he tells her he doesnt really have any. This is further explained at dinner with Peters parents the next night. We learn that Peter has always had a girlfriend, and he always put them first. As a result, all of his guy friends ended up bailing. His father begins to joke about it saying that even Peters gay younger brother Robbie has never had as much trouble making friends. His father takes it a step further, saying that Robbie is one of his two best friends. The other being a childhood buddy he still calls all the time. The next day at work, we see that Peter gets along really well with all the women of the office, but when he goes to talk to Tevin, one of his co-workers, he becomes really annoyed. Tevin keeps telling Peter that he doesnt know how to market himself, that hes too boring, and hell never sell houses with traditional advertising. Tevin talks boastfully about putting his face on buses and urinal cakes, effectively weirding Peter out. Later with his fencing partners, he finds that they dont really consider him a friend because hes never made an effort to hang out with any of them outside of the gym. Still, Peter is not truly bothered by his lack of male friends until he gets home early and overhears Zooeys friends talking about how strange he is. Theyre concerned that the wedding party will be unbalanced and they all say that guys without friends are too clingy, and that its weird that Peters best friend is his mom. Knowing that he must make a change, Peter sets out on a series of man dates to find his Best Man. He learns the term from Robbie, who manages to make a married, straight man flirt with him in less than 5 minutes. The rules of the man date are a casual lunch or drinks after work, but NEVER dinner. Peter learns the reason for this rule the hard way as he goes out for dinner with a very amiable man his mother introduced to him, only to be surprised with an intense, all-out kiss at the end of the night. Robbies date for Peter is one of his gym clients, a soccer fan who has a very high-pitched voice. The date ends in disaster when the man tries to get the crowd to cheer but ends up getting them boo-ed by everyone else. Zooey sets Peter up with her friends husband, Barry, and his poker friends. Barry is VERY reluctant to let Peter join them, and acts like a total a**hole the entire time. He jokes about Peter not knowing how to play poker, then just when hes thought hes won, we find out that Peters hand beat his. They have a drinking contest and Peter wins, but since hes not used to drinking so much, he throws up all over Barry and gets kicked out. Finally, Peter goes to meet a man from the internet, only to find that the man used an old photo and is much older. Disappointed by all the date disasters, Peters just about given up when he hosts an open house for his client and meets Sidney Fife (Jason Segal), a very blunt and friendly guy. Peter is, of course, awkward at first, but the two begin chatting freely when Peter points out that Sidney is the only person whos eaten the sandwiches and Sidney compliments Peter on his panini choice. At the end of the conversation, Sidney admits that hes only at the open house to check out women, and that he has no intention of purchasing the house. They exchange business cards anyway before going their separate ways. Weeks later, Peter is going through a bit of a slump. The clients house isnt selling, and Tevin wants in on the property, but doing so would mean that Peter wont get enough money to buy the land he wanted. He holds off, and after awkwardly practicing for a few minutes, gets the nerve to call Sidney up. He ends up leaving a very convoluted message, but Sidney calls him back anyway. They go to Venice Beach and Sidney tells Peter that he never picks up after his dog and shows him how to really yell to let go of stress. They have a great time together, and it isnt long before the two are hanging out all the time. They put on jam sessions at Sidneys and even go hiking with some of Sidneys old friends. Meanwhile, Zooey is worried about Peter spending so much time with Sidney because Peter has started ditching their weekly HBO nights to hang out with him. Peter invites Sidney to their engagement dinner. They try to set Sidney up with one of Zooeys friends, but she is giggly and sporadic the entire time, and Sidney is completely uninterested. At the end of the dinner, Sidney makes a toast praising Peter and suggesting that Zooey pleasure Peter more often. The drive home is awkward and silent, with Peter finally coming out and admitting that he told Sidney about the lack of oral sex. They discuss it, and Zooey tells him that shes not against it. In fact, she enjoys it, but her last boyfriend didnt, and thats why she avoids it. Peter tells Zooey not to be angry at Sidney because if it werent for his toast, this topic never would have come up. She agrees, and they make up. Zooey thinks that her friend got along very well with Sidney and that they should go out on a group date, so Peter agrees, even though he knows that Sidney hates going on these kind of dates. Peter sets up a golf date for them, and although Sidney agrees to go, the day ends in disaster, with Peter and Zooey returning home angrily. Later, Sidney calls Peter up and tells them that Rush, their favorite band, is putting on a show tonight. Peter is about to decline, saying that its HBO night, but Sidney convinces him to go. Peter brings Zooey, but ignores her the entire night, choosing instead to air-rock with Sidney. Zooey is visibly confused and upset with her fiancs behavior. Peter takes Sidney with him to buy the tux for the wedding, and although Sidney wants Peter to wear a blue suit, Peter doesnt know if he can pull it off. Sidney asks Peter how their relationship is, and Peter admits that its been rocky lately. Sidney then asks Peter why hes marrying Zooey, and Peter cant come up with an answer. Sidney also asks Peter for a loan of $8000 for an investment project. Peter is reluctant, but agrees. As they are about to leave the store, the man who kissed Peter on one of the "man dates" earlier comes up to them and tells Peter off. After explaining everything to Sidney, Peter asks him to be his Best Man. Sidney is honored and gives Peter a huge hug just as the man walks by again. Later, Sidney and Peter are walking along when they see Peters client talking with Tevin. An enraged Sidney runs up to them and begins taunting the client, whos buff enough to wrestle Sidney and puts him in a sleeper hold. Peter apologizes profusely before leaving, but is unsure of whether or not he still has the client. That night, Zooey and Peter have a fight when Zooey finds out about the loan to Sidney. Peter asks Zooey why they are getting married, and she tells him that until he figures it out, shes going to go stay with her best friend. Unsure of what to do, Peter goes to Sidneys to break off the friendship. On the way, however, he spots some outrageous billboards. All of them have Peter in ridiculous poses, mostly spoofing movies and whatnot. Peter realizes that this was Sidneys doing, and becomes increasingly embarrassed as he drives. Once he arrives at Sidneys house, he tells Sidney that they were really using each other for ulterior motives - Peter to find a best man in time for the wedding, and Sidney because all his high school friends were moving on, and Sidney was afraid of not having anyone to hang out with anymore. Peter is outraged about the billboards and says that Sidney basically ruined his life. Peter then tells Sidney that he knows why he wants to marry Zooey. Its because one of the best nights of his life was spent with Zooey. They ate a summer salad, had some wine, and watched Chocolat together. Sidney doesnt want to accept this and keeps arguing with Peter, but finally they go their separate ways. Next, Peter goes to apologize to Zooey. He admits that he was wrong and tells her that he still wants to marry her. He also tells her that hes broken up the friendship with Sidney, so she wont have to worry about it anymore. When he returns to work, however, he realizes that the billboards were a hit! He has tons of messages, all from people responding positively to the unique advertisements. At the wedding, Zooeys bridesmaids look outside to see who Peter ended up choosing for his groomsmen. We see that he picked his brother, his father, his client, and all the men he went on man dates with earlier in the movie. Everyone agrees that theyve never seen such a random group of men, and they share a laugh, happy that Peter managed to get some friends. When everyone heads inside, however, Zooey looks outside and she catches a desolate Peter staring out at the ocean and air-rocking with himself. Cut to Sidney on his moped. He sees a call from the hotel where Peters having the wedding, and he says that hes surprised to be getting this call. Sidney is being re-invited to the wedding! He says he might not be able to make it, but when the camera pans out, we see that Sidney is already on the way, fully decked out in a tux. Meanwhile, everyone is standing at the alter, ready for the ceremony to begin, but since Sidney isnt there yet, Peter asks his brother to hold the ring, a gesture Robbie appreciates deeply. They share a hug, and their dad agrees that both of his sons are his best friends. Just as the pastor begins the ceremony, Sidney arrives on his moped. Peter is surprised, and we learn that it was Zooey who called Sidney. She wanted him to be there for Peter because it was so hard for Peter to make friends and after all, Sidney was a good guy. Sidney goes up to the front and gives Peter a check for the billboards, repaying him in full. Peter admits that the billboards really worked, and Sidney says itll be their wedding gift. He takes his place in line, and the couple is happily wedded. Peter and Sidney jam out on the stage as the credits roll.
tt1000774
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Carrie Bradshaw finally gets the commitment she has dreamed of from the non-committal Mr Big. They are getting married. Having been married before, he would prefer a small affair. But, Carrie soon gets carried away with dreams of a fashionista's dream wedding, as she tries on wedding dresses from top designers. Mr Big gets cold feet after talking to Miranda, who is really projecting the problems she is facing in her own marriage. Things have dwindled for Steve and Miranda, leading him to sleep with someone else. They separate as a result. When Mr Big deserts Carrie at the alter, the girls take off on what-would-have-been her honeymoon. The girls have a great time, but it takes Carrie a while before she is able to laugh again. Samantha calls Miranda out on letting herself go, suggesting that she is neglecting herself and her marriage. Charlotte is paranoid about drinking the water, but inadvertently drinks some in the shower. Unfortunately, this leads to an embarrassing case of diarrhea. Samantha has been finding it frustrating being so far away from an increasingly busy Smith, whose acting career has taken off. She spies on a handsome man. On her return, Carrie decides to get her life in order by hiring an Assistant - who, it turns out, is also facing relationship troubles. However, things turnaround for this Assistant when her childhood sweetheart has a change of heart and proposes. So she leaves her employment with Carrie. On Valentine's day, Miranda confesses to Carrie that it was her fault that Mr Big got cold feet. Consequently, Carrie and Mr Big reconcile and have a small wedding at a registry office.
tt0256380
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
Hal Larson (Jack Black), a superficial man and his equally-shallow friend Mauricio Wilson (Jason Alexander) both share an interest in beautiful women, and try to act cool and hip when around them, but most women interpret their wild dance moves as obnoxious and want nothing to do with them. At work, Hal's co-workers accuse him of being shallow and caring about nothing but physical appearance, and ask him "when he's gonna get it." Hal wants to see women for their inner beauty, but his appreciation of physical beauty gets in the way. While going to work one day, by an unexpected twist of fate, Hal meets the famous American life coach Tony Robbins while stuck in an elevator, and has a talk with him about himself and Tony. Robbins, understanding Hal's situation, hypnotizes him into seeing people's inner beauty, not their external selves. Subsequently he falls in love with Rosemary (Gwyneth Paltrow), a woman who appears to him to look slender and beautiful due to her kind, generous nature, but is, in actuality, morbidly obese. At first, she accuses him of being childish, because she thinks he's pretending to date her, but later realises his feelings for her are genuine. His concerned friend Mauricio is worried about Hal's new taste in women, especially when he finds Hal dancing with a fat woman, thinking he's gone crazy. Mauricio believes what Robbins did to him was deceitful and wrong, and he talks to Robbins. One night, while Hal is on a date, Mauricio catches him after having confronted Robbins and says the trigger phrase,"Shallow Hal wants a gal", to break Hal's hypnosis. Discovering that his own sight had misled him, Hal, with Mauricio's assistance, begins to avoid Rosemary, whom he initially fails to recognize. She becomes melancholic without him around. Still distraught, Hal decides to get to know his neighbor, Jill, and the two get together at a restaurant and have a nice chat. Rosemary, suspicious of Hal's staying away, goes to the same restaurant where Hal and his friend are. Making assumptions about his relationship with Jill, she calls him a 'psycho' over the phone, which depresses Hal greatly. The day after, he meets a girl at a hospital where Rosemary works. Previously, due to Robbins' hypnosis, he saw her as a perfect looking little girl, he is now seeing her as a pretty little girl with severe burn marks on her face. This experience clarifies that he doesn't need hypnosis to see people's true inner beauty. Meanwhile, Rosemary decides to leave the country to re-join the Peace Corps. During his search for Rosemary to tell her the truth, he finds that Mauricio himself has his own reason for stopping Hal's hypnosis: he has a vestigial tail which has prevented him from ever getting close to a woman, and he was jealous that his friend found someone with whom he was happy. Hal eventually makes up with Mauricio, comes to terms with his feelings and his true love for Rosemary and decides to talk to her again. He arrives at his destination, the backyard of the Shanahans' mansion, where he makes up with Rosemary. He discovers she still loves him and decides to accompany her on her trip.
tt0388795
Drama,Romance
In the summer of 1963, two young men meet when they find work sheep-herding for the summer on Brokeback Mountain, a fictional, picturesque setting in Wyoming. Ennis Del Mar (Heath Ledger) is 19, engaged to be married in the fall, and aspires to someday run his own ranch, following in the footsteps of his parents, who died in a car crash and left young Ennis and his brother and sister alone to fend for themselves. Jack Twist (Jake Gyllenhaal) is about the same age and dreams of becoming the greatest rodeo cowboy alive. Both feel essentially alone in the world. While sharing a sheephand's backbreaking work load, facing the toil and troubles of the weather, shortages of food, and wild animal attacks, their working friendship eventually develops into something more. Breaking their employer's rule that one man must sleep with the sheep and one at the camp, one night after an evening of boozing and shooting the bull, they end up sharing the tent to avoid freezing. The bitter cold leads to their sleeping spooned, Jack initiates touching, and Ennis eventually responds. Over the next several days, the two increasingly give in to their attraction to one another. When the summer ends, the two men separate and continue with their lives. Ennis marries Alma (Michelle Williams), who soon gets pregnant and gives birth to two daughters, Alma Jr. and Jenny. Jack, by contrast, is still drawn to other men, and remains unmarried until he meets and, after a drunken one-night stand, has a son with feisty cowgirl Lureen Newsome (Anne Hathaway), whose father owns a profitable business selling farming machinery in Texas and openly looks down on Jack. Searching for acceptance, approval, and unconditional love, Jack writes to Ennis in 1967, when they arrange to meet again. When Jack arrives in Wyoming, both men passionately kiss. Ennis makes a weak attempt to be discreet, but the kiss is seen by Alma, who becomes sickened by it. From this point on Ennis and Jack's relationship rebuilds and develops even more deeply. Alma becomes increasingly suspicious about the men's frequent "fishing trips" up to Brokeback Mountain, and eventually Alma and Ennis divorce in November 1975, with Alma getting custody of their daughters. As soon as he hears the divorce is final, Jack shows up in Wyoming hoping to now be able to live a life ranching with Ennis, who is torn, as he too longs for the idyllic life Jack describes, but he explains that if they dare to live together, they will be killed by the locals for being "queer." This leads to an arrangement whereby Jack drives from Texas to Wyoming to meet with Ennis three or four times a year, each meeting leading to another emotional departure. By 1978, Ennis is desperately struggling to make ends meet and pay child support, and becomes briefly involved with a waitress, Cassie Cartwright (Linda Cardellini). As a result, Ennis meets less frequently with Jack, who visits Mexico looking to satisfy his physical needs in seedy underground gay bars and clubs. When Jack taunts Ennis with this information in an effort to make him jealous, he ends his rant by saying "I wish I could quit you!" In 1980, Ennis gets a postcard he sent Jack returned with "Deceased" marked across it. When Ennis contacts Lureen, she tells him Jack was accidentally killed by a tire iron while changing a flat. All the while, Ennis envisions Jack being beaten to death by a homophobic mob for being "queer," just as Ennis had described happened to a neighbor he knew as a child. Lureen also tells Ennis that Jack wanted his ashes spread at his favourite place, Brokeback Mountain. Ennis goes to visit Jack's childhood home, where Jack's father (Peter McRobbie) insists that Jack's ashes will be placed in the family burial plot. At Jack's mother's (Roberta Maxwell) invitation, Ennis visits Jack's bedroom, where he find two shirts, his and one of Jack's, worn by the two young men in the summer of 1963, and smeared with their blood from a fight. The shirts hang together on the same hanger, tenderly folded into one another, Jack's denim shirt with Ennis's dress shirt inside. Ennis takes the shirts with him when he leaves. Ennis moves out of town into a low, bare, and scantily furnished trailer, alone; he now has nothing and no one. Jumping forward to 1983, a visit from his 19-year-old eldest daughter Alma Jr. (Kate Mara) brings happy news and a sense of hope, as she is engaged. Ennis wants only to know if her boyfriend "really" loves her. She says he does, invites Ennis to the wedding, and leaves. Ennis sits, beaten down by years of hard work and alcohol, weathered, aged, and heartbroken. With him... his and Jack's shirts, still entwined, now reversed, Ennis' shirt over Jack's, and a postcard with a picture of Brokeback Mountain.
tt1563738
Drama,Romance
The movie plays out over the years, all featuring one day, July 15th. The story opens briefly on July 15th, 2006, with Emma Morley (Anne Hathaway) swimming and then cycling. Then the numbers flip back to July 15th, 1988: Emma and Dexter (Jim Sturgess) are celebrating their college graduation with friends, still wearing their caps and gowns. Dexter introduces himself to Emma, and she says they've already met, a couple of times, but he was drunk. He offers to walk her home, and they start making out at her door. She gets nervous, and he says that they can just be friends, so they curl up in her bed and go to sleep. She asks if he wants to do something with her that day (it is already the early hours of the morning). 1989: Dexter helps Emma move into a dumpy apartment in London. They talk about her desire to become a writer. Dexter has to leave for India. 1990: Emma is working at a Mexican restaurant. She starts showing the new guy, Ian (Rafe Spall), the ropes and calls the restaurant "the graveyard of ambition". She talks to Dexter on the phone, and says she's not writing because being a waitress is what she does now. He tells her that she needs to keep writing, and that nothing truly good is easy. She asks who said that and he reminds her that she told him that once. They talk about Dexter teaching, and she cautions him not to sleep with his students. Dexter agrees, and we see that there is a young girl jumping around on his bed, naked. They get disconnected. Dexter goes to meet his mother for lunch (Patricia Clarkson). She chides him for being late, and they talk about when he will "really" start doing something. He says he likes being a teacher. She asks about the girl who sends him all the long letters; he tells her that Emma is just a friend. She tells him that she wants to talk to him alone at lunch the next day. He asks what it is about, but she won't say. They walk to meet his father. 1991: Emma is still working at the Mexican restaurant. Dexter is there with another girl but came to see Emma, who tells him that she was just offered the manager position because they wanted someone who won't go anywhere. He tells her to walk out the door and never come back. Dexter says no one knows everything about their life when they are 25; she says that he does. He tells her that she is smart and beautiful and capable of anything. Dexter says that if he could give her one thing it would be confidence, and that what she really needs is a vacation. 1992: Dexter and Emma are in a car headed to France on vacation. She says she can't believe that she is really doing this with him, and that they need to have some ground rules. Rule #1: No shared beds, no snuggling. Rule #2: No flirting, no starting anything. He has a girlfriend, and they just can't go there. Rule #3: No nudity. No seeing each other in the shower, no seeing each other wee, no weeing in the shower. And no skinnydipping. He says that he gets a rule, and his Rule #4 is no Scrabble. She protests that she loves Scrabble and he hates it, and he says that's why it is his rule. While at the beach, he helps her apply sunscreen and she notices a yin/yang tattoo on his ankle. He says it is the perfect union of opposites, and she says that it's more like a road sign and it means he should wear socks. They are silent and share a moment, just a look between them. They notice that it is a nudist beach, she tells him not to get any ideas. Later they are at a bar, and after several drinks she tells him that she used to have a crush on him, back when he first spent the night with her after graduation. Dexter tells her that he figured that out, due to the epic letters and compilation tapes. He asked what happened, she tells him that she got to know him and that it cured her of liking him. She tells him that they've had enough to drink and they leave. Dexter jumps into the water, naked, and convinces her to too. He confesses that he cares for her, but that he fancies lots of women, all the time, like he's just been released from prison. He goes on to say that he isn't ready for what she would be ready for, but if shed like to, they can have fun. She dunks him, telling him what she thinks of that. As he surfaces, he sees two guys steal his clothes. He chases after them, literally crying over his stolen Calvin Klein underwear. As they fall asleep in the same bed, Emma asks Dexter how many rules they've broken. He says all of them, but she points out they haven't played Scrabble. He tells her maybe tomorrow. 1993: This year opens with Dexter hosting a cheesy television show. After the show, he calls Emma while either drunk or high to tell her that he likes her beautiful body. She begs him to go home and go to bed, as it is 5 a.m. 1994: Dexter is in the shower, looking sick and jittery. He picks up a videotape and present, and exits his apartment. He drives a fancy car to his parents' home, and his father asks him why he is sweating and that his mother is in her room and has been waiting for him all morning. He finds her, and it is obvious that she is very ill with cancer. He gives her the present, telling her that it is from Emma. It is books. His mother says that is awfully ambitious and tells Dexter that next time Emma should pick short stories. Dexter protests her talking that way. He shows his mother the tape of him hosting his show. She asks why he would do this when he could be doing anything. They argue and she apologizes, and says that she needs to rest. Dexter tells her that he can't stay, he has to be at the premiere of Jurassic Park. She is obviously disappointed and Dexter has to carry her to her bed. He goes to lay down in his childhood bedroom, and his mother wakes him up hours later, telling him that his father is mad that he wasted their family day. She tells Dexter that she thinks he'll end up being a very good man, but he's not there yet and she doesn't really like who is right now. His father takes him to the train station, saying he can get his car back when he's sober, and that if he ever shows up like that again, he will shut the door in his face. Dexter tries to call Emma, but remembers that she's out on a hot date. Emma is shown leaving a theater with Ian, an aspiring comedian, and over dinner you can tell she doesn't think he's that funny. She tells him that she just wanted to celebrate becoming a teacher with someone, and he asks if Dexter was busy. They leave the restaurant and he asks if she wants to go to his place, and they race each other there in the rain. 1995: Emma is dating Ian and teaching. Dexter is hosting a program called Late Night Lockin, on the set of which his father visits him and it is mentioned that his mother has passed away. As his father leaves, he tells Dexter not to pay attention to what the papers are saying: that Dexter is The Most Annoying Man on Telly. We see Emma's students in a school play with Ian there to cheer them on, then later Emma watches Dexter do very badly on his show. 1996: It is clear that although Ian and Emma now share a flat, she is disillusioned with him, as he is a deadbeat not earning money and not even working on their home as he'd promised. Emma goes out to meet Dexter at a posh club. He asks how her relationship with Ian is, and she kind of jokes that it is fine. Dexter goes to the bathroom and does some drugs, and when he returns he insults her job as a teacher. She curses at him and leaves. Dexter chases after her. Emma yells at him that she hasn't seen him sober in three years, and that she really needed to talk to him about being stuck in a relationship with a man she doesn't love. She knows he's been through a lot, what with his mom dying, but she can't even talk to him, and if she can't talk to him, then what is the point? She storms off and he asks if they're breaking up. She comes back, hugs him, and tells him that she loves him, but she doesn't like who he is anymore. She turns and leaves Dexter staring after her. 1998: Dexter is shown with a scruffy ponytail, hosting a show about video games. He is told that he is being let go. He says he is 32 and doesn't know what to do with himself. 1999: Dexter is pacing, practicing saying "I love you". We see that he's with his new girlfriend, Sylvie (Romola Garai) and her family, most of whom are in the pool, sipping drinks. They then decide to play party games, during which Dexter accidentally bloodies Sylvie's nose, causing her mother to call him a wanker. Emma is then shown going into her flat, which Ian has broken into. He is on the couch drunk, and complains about how she broke up with him whenever he proposed because she was in love with her best friend, which he knows since he's been reading her poetry. She becomes very angry with him and they fight. After they calm down, he tells her that her poetry may be awful, but she is a very funny writer and should pursue it. 2000: Emma, alone, and Dexter, with Sylvie, are attending a mutual college friend's wedding. At the reception, Sylvie asks Dexter if he slept with the bride because they have been attending so many weddings and Dexter has at one point slept with all of them. Dexter denies it. We see Dexter talking to an old college friend who has struck it rich and seems to be offering Dexter a job, as he hasn't seen him on TV in a while. Dexter makes a snide remark about the guy being poor in college, all the while staring at Emma. Dexter pulls Emma aside, and they go off together to talk. He gives Emma a wedding invitation to his shotgun wedding. Emma can't believe he's getting married and becoming a father. Emma then tells him that she has been given a modest advance to write a book. Dexter is very excited about it and proud of her. He tells her that even though Sylvie doesn't like to laugh, he worships her. Emma says she's happy for him and they share a friendly kiss. 2001: Dexter is shown working a low-level, cooking job for the college friend he insulted at the wedding. The friend tells him that it isn't personal and that everyone has to start at the bottom, and Dexter tells him that he enjoys the job. Then Dexter is at home with the baby, while Sylvie is getting ready to be gone until the next day for a hen party. The baby, Jasmine, cries and cries, until he finally gets her to calm down by putting on a play with stuffed animals and reading her Emma's now-published book. Sylvie calls to check in, and we see that she is actually cheating on him with his boss. 2003: Dexter is on a train to Paris, where Emma now lives. She meets him, and they talk about him being divorced. He starts to tell her how he feels, but she stops him, saying she has met someone. He is very upset. They allude to the fact that they slept with each other (presumably in 2002, which wasn't shown). She says she was just trying to help him get over Sylvie, even though it was one of the best nights of her life. She tells him that they are going to hear Jean Pierre, her new boyfriend, who is a jazz pianist. As soon as Dexter sees the boyfriend, he tells Emma he can't do this, and is leaving in the morning. While saddened, Emma goes to hear Jean Pierre. After listening to him for awhile, she runs to find Dexter, who has been wandering the streets. She tells him that she thought she was rid of him and that if they are going to have a relationship, he can't mess her around or break her heart. He agrees, and they begin to kiss passionately. 2004: Dexter is opening a small restaurant and is practicing his speech for their wedding. Emma comes in and he tells her not to listen, as it's a surprise. They are obviously in love and happy. 2005: Sylvie drops Jasmine off with Dexter, and it is clear that they are now friendly with each other, and that Sylvie is now with Dexter's old boss. Sylvie tells him that she is happy for him, as it obvious he is happy with Emma. That night, Emma tells Dexter she wants to have a baby with him. He tells her that they should start trying. 2006: Emma and Dexter have a small argument and she tells him that she's not pregnant. Dexter tells her that they can try again. She tells him that she's sorry about the fight, and Dexter suggests they go out for a special evening and then they can get back to it. She agrees, saying she'll meet him after swimming. Emma is shown writing, then swimming. She leaves a message for Dexter apologizing again for being grumpy and that she'll be a little late. Emma is then shown cycling, when she is hit by a truck. As she lays dying, Dexter is smiling as he listens to her message, unaware of what has happened. Dexter is then shown lying in their bed, crying. 2007: Dexter is at a club, trying to provoke a fight. He is badly beaten and stumbles home, only to be found by his young daughter. Sylvie shows up, helps him up, and then drives him to his father's. His father asks him if this is going to be an annual thing for him. His father then tells him that he should try to go on as if Emma were still living. Dexter says he doesn't think he can, but his father tells him that he can, as he (his father) has been doing so for the past ten years. 2009: Dexter is at his shop, looking a little gray around the temples, but in pretty good spirits. Ian comes in and tells Dexter that he hates today. Ian says the day was always there, just waiting to be the day that Emma would die. Ian tells Dexter that he has given up comedy, is now in insurance, and his wife and two kids are outside. Ian tells Dexter that he used to hate him because Emma lit up for Dexter in a way that she never did for him. Ian says that Emma made Dexter decent, and that in return, Dexter made her happy. Dexter asks if Ian wants to keep in touch, but Ian says it's not necessary, hugs him, and then goes out to his family. Dexter watches them, smiling. Back to 1988, the morning after they fell asleep together. Dexter tries to shrug off hanging out with her, saying his parents are coming. Emma says that's fine, he can leave. He sees she's disappointed, so he tells her that his parents won't be there quite yet, and she suggests a walk. As they walk, she tells him that she doesn't want his number, his postcards, or long letters, that they can just be good friends. But if something happens between them eventually, so be it. Dexter struggles up the hill, complaining about wearing the wrong shoes. He suggests they go back to his place, and she tells him that she'll race him. They run down the street, only to see that his parents are early. He introduces Emma, and she shakes their hands and then his, telling him to have a nice life. Dexter's mother asks if he is wearing the clothes from the day before, his father calls him a dog, and he tells them that Emma is just a good friend. Then he races after her, asking for her number. She starts to give him her number, her parents' number, her address, her father's work fax number. He tells her that he only needs her phone number. They share a big kiss, after which they tell each other goodbye multiple times and he watches her walk away. 2011: We see the ghost of the past as 1988 Emma and Dexter race each other down the hill, as present-day Dexter and Jasmine climb it. Jasmine asks if he ever went there with Emma and he tells her that they did once. Jasmine asks if he misses Emma, and he tells her that he does and that she was his best friend. Jasmine asks who his best friend is now, and he tells her that it is her. Dexter asks who Jasmine's best friend is, and she tells him that it is probably her mother. He asks what she thinks about him, and, smiling, she tells him that she won't answer that because he knows what he is. They lie there together on the hill.
tt1854236
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Please note: This is not a Synopsis. It is a Plot Summary. LOVE IS ALL YOU NEED is a romantic comedy by Oscar winner Susanne Bier written by Susanne Bier and Anders Thomas Jensen, starring Pierce Brosnan and Trine Dyrholm. The film is a warm, funny and life-affirming story about how, just when you think its all over, it just might be about to begin. With warmth, affection and confidence, Susanne Bier has shaken a cocktail of love, absurdity, humour, raucous dialogue and delicately drawn characters that will leave no heart untouched. Two very different families meet in a beautiful, old Italian villa, in the middle of a lemon grove. The occasion is a romantic wedding, meticulously planned to the smallest detail. Of course, nothing goes according to plan and yet everything works out in the end. LOVE IS ALL YOU NEED is a liberatingly different comedy, that will inspire hope in anyone with their heart in the right place.
tt0097757
Animation,Family,Fantasy
Ariel, a sixteen-year-old mermaid princess, is dissatisfied with life under the sea and curious about the human world. With her best fish friend Flounder, Ariel collects human artifacts and goes to the surface of the ocean to visit Scuttle the seagull, who offers very inaccurate and comical knowledge of human culture. Ignoring the warnings of her father (King Triton) and court musician (Sebastian the crab) that contact between merpeople and humans is forbidden (the sea's primary contact with humans involve fishermen, so King Triton considers humans as nothing more than mere predators), Ariel still longs to be part of the human world; to this end she has filled a secret grotto with all the human artifacts she has found. ("Part of Your World") Sebastian, who is assigned to watch over Ariel and be sure she does not visit the surface again, tries to convince her that its better to live under the sea than in the human world ("Under the Sea"). One night, Ariel, Flounder and an unwilling Sebastian travel to the ocean surface to watch a celebration for the birthday of Prince Eric, with whom Ariel falls in love. A sudden storm hits, during which everyone manages to escape in a lifeboat except for Eric who goes back to rescue his dog Max. He almost drowns saving Max but is saved by Ariel, who drags him to the beach. Although it seems that his heart isn't beating, Ariel notices that Eric is breathing. She sings to him but dives underwater when Max returns to Eric. Upon waking, Eric has a vague impression that he was rescued by a girl with a beautiful voice; he vows to find her, and Ariel vows to find a way to join Eric. ("Part of Your World (reprise)") Triton and his daughters notice a change in Ariel, who is openly lovesick. Triton questions Sebastian about Ariel's behavior, during which Sebastian accidentally reveals the incident with Eric. Triton furiously confronts Ariel in her grotto, using his trident to destroy her collection of human treasures. After Triton leaves, a pair of eels, Flotsam and Jetsam, convince a crying Ariel that she must visit Ursula the sea witch, if she wants all of her dreams to come true. Ursula makes a deal with Ariel to transform her into a human for three days ("Poor, Unfortunate Souls"). Within these three days, Ariel must receive the 'kiss of true love' from Eric; otherwise, she will transform back into a mermaid on the third day and belong to Ursula. As payment for legs, Ariel has to give up her voice, which Ursula takes by magically removing the energy from Ariel's vocal chords and storing it in a nautilus shell. Ariel's tail is transformed into legs, leaving her naked except for her seashell bra. Sebastian and Flounder drag her to the surface. Meanwhile, Triton discovers Ariel and Sebastian's disappearance and, wracked with guilt over his behavior, orders a search for them. Eric and Max find Ariel on the beach. He initially suspects that she is the one who saved his life, but when he learns that she cannot speak, he discards that notion, to the frustration of both Ariel and Max (who knows the truth). He helps her to the palace, where the servants think she is a survivor of a shipwreck. Ariel spends time with Eric, and at the end of the second day, they almost kiss ("Kiss the Girl") but are thwarted by Flotsam and Jetsam. Angered at their narrow escape, Ursula takes the disguise of a beautiful young woman named "Vanessa" and appears onshore singing with Ariel's voice. Eric recognizes the song and, in her disguise, Vanessa/Ursula casts a hypnotic enchantment on Eric to make him forget about Ariel. The next day, Ariel finds out that Eric will be married to the disguised Ursula on a ship. She cries and is left behind when the wedding barge departs. Scuttle discovers that Vanessa is Ursula in disguise, and informs Ariel. As Ariel and Flounder chase the wedding barge, Sebastian informs Triton, and Scuttle is assigned to literally "stall the wedding." With the help of various animals, the nautilus shell around Ursula's neck is broken, restoring Ariel's voice and breaking Ursula's enchantment over Eric. Realizing that Ariel was the girl who saved his life, Eric rushes to kiss her, but the sun sets and Ariel transforms back into a mermaid. Ursula reverts to her true form and kidnaps Ariel. Triton appears and confronts Ursula, but cannot destroy Ursula's contract with Ariel. Triton chooses to sacrifice himself for his daughter, and is transformed into a polyp. Ursula takes Triton's crown and trident, which was her plan from the beginning. Ursula uses her new power to gloat, transforming into a giant, and forming a whirlpool that disturbs several shipwrecks to the surface, one of which Eric commandeers. Just as Ursula is set to use the trident to destroy Ariel, Eric turns the wheel hard to port and runs Ursula through the abdomen with the ship's splintered bowsprit, mortally wounding her. With her last breaths, Ursula pulls the ship down with her, but Eric escapes to shore in time. With Ursula gone, her power breaks and the polyps in Ursula's garden (including Triton) turn back into the old merpeople. Later, after seeing that Ariel really loves Eric and that Eric also saved him in the process, Triton willingly changes her from a mermaid into a human using his trident. She runs into Eric's arms, and the two finally kiss. In the final scene, an unspecified amount of time later, Ariel marries Eric in a wedding where both humans and merpeople attend.
tt1230414
Comedy,Drama,Romance
It's Complicated: Jake (Alec Baldwin), a divorced lawyer, married to a younger wife (Lake Bell), has a son, Pedro (Emjay Anthony) still feels affectionate to ex-wife, Jane (Meryl Streep), who is owner of a bakery shop. The films starts off with a nice view of a neighborhood and the view of the ocean. We are then bought to a house party. Jake (Alec) proposes a toast to his friends' anniversary (Ted & Ally). The four talk momentarily about their son's graduation, and then Alec's young wife (he divorced Jane, played by Meryl Streep, 10 years ago) walks towards them. Jane seemed shock the way Agness approaches the group and the lack of clothing she had on. Jane leaves as Agness walk towards Jake; they exchange a few words of meeting up in New York at a hotel. Jane and Ally, to much dismay talked about Jane's divorce as they walk towards the door and how Ally didn't seem to feel comfortable around the sight of Agness. As Jane closes the gate, Jake turns around just in time to take a glimpse of Jane, letting us know that he still has feelings for her, although they've been divorced ten years. We then follow up to Jane's middle child, Gabby (Zoe Kazan) who is moving out of the house. The oldest daughter, Lauren (Caitlin Fitzgerald), and her fiancee Harley (John Krasinski) assist Gabby as Jane arrives home. Although reluctant to let Gabby move out of the house, she agrees. Lauren teases her mother, saying she must be lonely and afraid to sleep alone. Jane denies that, saying "One of you is always moving out". Harley: "They just grow up so freaking fast." Lauren: "Mom, you should get a dog." The couple leaves and Jane walks into her kitchen, and reminisces about the many memories with all her children at home with her, now all grown up. The following day, at her bakery, Jane's friend Peter brings along another architect (Steve Martin) to show blueprints to remodel parts of her house. They talk briefly before she remembers she has an appointment with a doctor. As she leaves the office, the elevator stops on the Fertility Center floor and Jake walks in. That night, Jane and her friends enjoy laughs over dinner. They recommend Jane should find a date, rather be semi-miserable at home. The next day, at New York, Jane's family all meet up with Luke, the youngest son, one last night before graduation. They book a hotel (mentioned earlier at the house party). The kids leave to a party, leaving Jane in the hotel. Again, Jane gets in an elevator, this time with a random couple hugging and kissing. She decides to go to the bar and grab a drink. Coincidentally, Jake is there and they talk. He tells her that he is "flying it low" because Pedro has a stomach flu, so he is free for the night. Jane asks when was the last time they were together, he says 1999. Next thing they're having a good time on the dance floor and they go back to the hotel room. They do their thing and Jane felt horrible; drunk and half realizing she had just slept with her ex-husband. Jake says "This is amazing, we just had a great time" as Jane is leaning on the toilet, throwing up and regretting it. During the graduation, the whole family is together and the kids were excited to see their father Jake, despite the divorce. At lunch, the family is having dinner and Jake flirts with Jane, and proposes a toast to Jane, however the family thought it was suppose to be to Luke's academic success. They take it and drink. Gabby properly finishes the toast to Luke. Adam (Steve Martin) drives his Audi to Jane's house to talk about the project of modeling her home. In his car, he is listening to a CD, lecturing on divorces. He sees Jane jogging, calls her and she apologizes for almost forgetting the appointment. She gets in the car and hears the audio and Adam, embarrassingly tries to turn it off. As he finishes talking about the blueprint, Jake arrives in his Porsche. They introduce each other and Adam leaves. Jake goes inside for "coffee", which actually turns out to be more flirting and another sex affair. Once again, Jake is happy and Jane is dismayed for being a "mistress" (all in a fun, comedic way). He claims fate brought them together again and that he is a walking clich, father to a kid in kindergarten, but they're all grown up. That night, Jane's three closest friends talk over wine. They all notice Jane is acting differently, more energetic. She tells them she's been having sex and having an affair with Agness's husband, Jake. The four ladies all get excited and accepted the fact that Jane is having an affair with Jake. They all hate Agness, and one observes "Karma is a b-tch"). Her energetic passion moves along to the bakery. She tells her bakers to make the breakfast menu more lively. SHe then receives a phone call from Adam, whose waiting at her house for another appointment. He set up a chunk of land with different color tapes and a ladder acting as stairs to the second floor. All this is just a preview of how Adam is going to fix the house. She receives a call from Jake, but doesn't answer it. That night at Jake's house, we see him leaving a message for Jane to pick up her phone. He is in the bathroom with the water running, to prevent Agness from hearing. Pedro, being a nosy brat, asks Jake why he was "showering" with his clothes on. Agness comes in and Pedro snitches, but Jake leaves without getting caught. He drives over to Jane's house. Meanwhile, Adam is having dinner at her house. They talk and Jake spies on them through the kitchen window, then accidentally falls. As Adam leaves, Jake knocks on the door and says, "Oh Em Gee <omg>, I thought he'd never leave." He grabs her and flirts. Jane says "it's Nine o'clock, shouldn't your wife be concern?" He reaches for her delicious dish and goes to the bathroom. He is sitting next to the bathtub eating her lavender ice cream, while she baths. He takes out marijuana and asks if she remembers the old days, when they would smoke and get high. But that night, Jane tells Jake she has changed, but he insists and puts the marijuana in the sink's cabinet, saying one day they will smoke it together for old times sake. The next morning, Jane meets her psychiatrist, Dr. Alan. She asks if an affair is okay. He sees her condition of affair as a good way to reconnecting with Jake, so suggests she continues. That night she arranges a candle-lit dinner in hopes of being back with Jake as a family, which Jake agrees happily over the phone. He was at the fertility center when she called. They meet up in the same hotel the same afternoon, to Harley's surprise while having lunch with Lauren. He kisses her, trying to distract her from noticing Jane and Jake getting into the elevator and kissing as the doors close. In the room, Jake faints and a doctor goes up as Harley sees this as well. Jake tells the doctor he is taking "Flomax" to reduce constant urination. In return, it decreases his semen. (He tells the doctor due to to his decrease in semen, it isn't good for his wife, which Jane thinks is the reason for the fertility center, but actually Jake was saying it to her. Both the doctor and Jane were surprised, but Jane agrees to follow the story and says she prefers lots of semen, all in which the doctor said "wow" as if it was a competitive matter to please a women.) That night, Jane prepares the special dinner for Jake, making his favorite dishes and picking a nice dress. Jake at home, anxious to leave the house, grabs his phone and walks to the bathroom. Agness notices the phone and grows suspicious, preventing him from calling Jane. She tells him to put Pedro back in his bed, and takes off her shirt, saying she is ovulating, compensating the dinner arrangement which Jake had thought was able to attend, since Agness was going to a party, but canceled due to ovulation. Jane drinks a glass wine walking around with the food getting cold and she waits for Jake, unknowingly of the situation. Jake seemed distressed as he sets Pedro in his bed and puts his hand on the boy's chest. At this moment, Jake feels torn apart from two different families. He goes over to Jane's house the next morning, hoping for forgiveness, but Jane ignores him as if he wasn't there. The kids are happy to see him and ask if Jane will be coming to the party with dad. She says "No, I have another date with Adam." to much of Jake's surprise, so he leaves the house since he couldnt stay over because of Agness. Adam and Jane's relationship grows stronger. They have dinner together and one night, she takes him to her bakery to make croissants. They flirt and eventually Adam was going to ask if he could kiss her, but she already kissed him. Afterwards, Adam drives her to Luke's party and before they arrive, Jane takes the marijuana that was supposedly meant for Jake and her to smoke, decided to smoke it with Adam. He was hesitant at first, but let in. Luke's friend walks by and asks, "Who brought the reefer?", unknowingly Jane and Adam were smoking behind the shrubs. They go inside and dance/laugh. Adam sees Jake at a table, glaring at him with Jane, enviously. He walks over and asks if he can talk with Jane for a second. Jake takes her to the bathroom and confess his love for her. He realizes she was high and she admittedly said she smoked the reefer with Adam instead. Jake gets annoyed because it was meant for him and Jane, but he takes it from her just as Harley opens the door and sees them together, again this time, but smoking the reefer. Harley was going to leave them two alone, but Jane intervened and asks him to take a pull, which at first he didn't want to, but took a big pull. The three walk out and Adam is dancing with Agness, and Jake dances with Jane, which Agness sees and gets emotional and a bit upset, now that the secrets revealed. She sees Jake happily dance and smile affectionately at Jane. Jake was just about to kiss Jane, but she turns away and tells him that it's over and stop this affair immediately. She walks towards Adam. Jake sees Jane smile happily as she approaches Steve and feels sad, as Agness is across the room staring at him, which he doesn't notice. The following morning, everybody is drunk. Harley is wearing female pajamas, Luke forgot what happened last night. Gabby yawns, just as she asks, "What is dad doing outside?" Jane walks out and Jake approaches her. He told her that he left Agness that night, for good. He really loves Jane and wants to live here again, since he has no where to go. The kids come out to see whats going on and sees the truth that although the parents are divorced, Jake wants to be back again. Luke wants Dad to stay for the night, which Jane didnt allow but the kids really want dad back home so she allows him to stay. That night, Jake is at the dinner table devouring the delicious food Jane made. The kids stare at him with smiles. Jane however, isnt at the dinner table, but upstairs video-chatting with Adam over the computer. Jake decides to run upstairs, as she's in the bathroom. He takes his clothes off and lays on the bed. The computer is on the bed, which Jake doesnt realize Adam is watching. But both Adam and Jane went to the bathroom, so Jake adjusts the computer as Jane walks out and screams, Adam comes back and sees Jake's private area and yells all different kinds of things. Jake surprised gets off the bed and turns around to pick up his clothes, only to moon at the computer (Adam). The kids run to the room and asks whats going on. Jake confesses that he left Agness for their mother. They have been meeting secretly since New York, and having an affair. The kids, shocked asks Jane if this is correct, which she agrees to. Gabby asks if they're going to be back together, which Jake says yes they will, but Jane strictly says, "No, we're not going to be together again." Adam hears this and immediately turns off this computer, which Jane sees. The kids, all upset and emotional deprived, leaves the house. Jake, astonished and rejected packs his bags and drives off. That night Jane sleeps outside the pool area, staring at the full moon, realizing the mess she has gotten into- an affair with Jake and a growing relationship with Adam, it's complicated. The following morning, Jane arrives at Adam's office and apologizes. Adam tells her that her divorce isn't officially over. He sees the love that Jake is expressing towards her is real. He continues to say that, it's best if he discontinues to meet with Jane, incase of getting into a serious relationship. He wants to resolve this situation simply by leaving her and allowing her divorce with Jake to heal. Jane asks if he will continue with remodeling her kitchen, but he says he might let Peter fill in the job instead. She becomes speechless and walks out. She drives home and sees Jake sitting on a swing outside her house. She sits down with him and they talk. Jake says he loves her and doesn't regret a second chance. Jane smiles and says the same. It starts to rain, but we just see the rain hitting the swing they were sitting on. The camera then focuses on a group of men outside, huddle under a tent discussing the project. Jane walks outside in hopes of seeing Adam, but doesn't. However, he pops out from the crowd and tells her, "Its a lucky day to construct in the rain." She smiles and asks the group if they want coffee. They all walk inside the house as Adam walks with her and asks if she has any of those double fudge chocolate cakes in her house. She laughs, saying "You love that stuff, don't you?" The credits roll.
tt1458175
Action,Crime,Drama
The credits roll with John Brennan (Russel Crowe) driving a Prius. He has a passenger who is making moaning sounds about how he can't breathe. Suddenly, the guy stops moaning. Titles say "Last three years." John and Lara Brennan (Elizabeth Banks), and his brother Mick (Michael Buie) and wife Erit (Moran Atias) are out to dinner and it is not going well. Erit and Lara are fighting over whether it's a good idea for women to work for other women and it turns into a real nasty verbal cat fight. Lara has just had a big fight with her boss. John and Lara head home, relieve the sitter, and make out. Next morning, she injects herself with insulin. As she's getting ready, she notices a spot on her rain jacket and is washing it out in the sink - just as she realizes that it's blood, the police storm in and arrest her for the murder of her boss. Their 3 year old son Luke (Tyler & Toby Green) is bawling. Three years later, John is a community college teacher who is teaching English. He tries to manage his job and raising Luke (now 7 and played by Tyler Simpkins). Lara is in the Alleghaney County jail (Pittsburgh, PA), having been convicted of the murder. Her case is on appeal. She's allowed contact visits and he brings Luke to the jail. Lara's story is that she physically bumped into someone in the parking garage at her work who must have been the actual killer. She heard a button pop. Lara's lawyer (Daniel Stern) tells John that all hope is lost. John tells Lara. She attempts suicide. During the next three months, he resolves to spring her out and leave the country and starts to make a plan. He gets library books about prison life and how to escape. He meets with Damon Pennington (Liam Neeson), an ex-con who gives him some tips. He has 15 minutes to get out of the centre of the city and 35 minutes to get out of the metro region, in this case, Pittsburgh. He will need three passports, a social security card that will pass a credit check and driver's licenses. He will also need money to live off because without money he will have no friends. He needs a foreign getaway such as Yemen, with poor relations with the USA. Penningtion tells him to look for ways to break the jail routines. Pennington also says that if he does this, he must decide that he is a guy who is willing to shoot a guard and run over a lady with a stroller, and if he's not, then don't start because he'll just get someone hurt. He starts scouting, scoping the jail, the routine, taking pictures, making maps, planning. John buys oxy-contin from street dealers and asks them about fake IDs. One dealer directs him to a noisy bar to see another guy, but he gets beaten and robbed. While he's at the park with Luke, he meets Nicole (Olivia Wilde), a divorced woman with a girl about Luke's age. He sees a video on the Internet about how to make a bump key. He tries to make a bump key, but it gets jammed when he tries to use it in a practice run on the jail elevator. He tries to move it, but the key breaks off in the lock. The jail sergeant interrogates him, he denies being by the elevator (the surveilance video was not clear). He vomits when he walks out of the jail. The cops who investigated his wife (Aisha Hinds and Jason Beghe) see him throw up and go visit him at his house, but he doesn't answer the door. John puts the house on the market. He often leaves Luke with his parents (Hellen Carey and Bryan Dennehy) over the weekend. John is upset his mother doesn't seem to believe Lara is innocent. While scouting, he notices a medical van visit the jail. He reads on the Internet how you can use a tennis ball with a hole in it to open a car door. While the driver is in inside a building, he breaks into the vehicle, photos a copy of Lara's blood work. At home he photoshops the blood work report so that Lara's glucose level looks dangerously high. A deaf guy (Zachary Sondrini) who was in the bar where he got jumped tells John that he read his lips and that he'll make the IDs for a fee. He gets the IDs from him, but the deaf guy warns him that he wants it too much after John doesn't follow his instructions regarding their meeting. John buys a gun. Luke and John see Nicole and her daughter at a park again and they invite Luke to the daughter's 7th birthday party. John admits his wife is in jail for murder. Suddenly, Lara is being moved to prison in three days. John's dad can tell that something is up and sees plane tickets and passports among his papers. He shakes his hand and gives him a hug, implying that he knows what he's up to and that he has his blessing. John only has a couple of grand. He can't get the house to close any faster. He parks near a bank and puts on a baseball hat and sunglasses. The bank guard opens the door for a lady with a stroller and he chickens out, backs out without looking and almost hits a mom and her child. He decides to follow a drug dealer and tails the bright red Challenger. He charges the meth lab house with his gun and tries to find out where the money stash is. He shoots the leader in the arm to show he means business and sets the house on fire with alcohol. The leader claims his kid is upstairs and dashes off, John follows warily. After a short gunfight the leader is dead and the street dealer is badly wounded. John finds an open safe of cash and fills a duffel bag. He starts to leave, but the dealer begs him not to let him die here. Backing out John breaks his tail lamp lens. Back to the scene from the credits. John leaves the dealer's body on a transit bench. In the morning John and Luke pack up. John tears down his planning wall collage and puts one garbage bag in the neighbor's bin, the other down the street. John breaks into the medical van with Luke in the car, swaps Lara's blood work results, cuts the phone lines at the lab. John then drops Luke two hours early at the birthday party, says he needs to run some errands. He tells Nicole that Luke's grandparents' phone number is in his jacket, in case John is late. At the hospital a doctor sees the lab report and tries to call the lab for confirmation, but they get a busy signal. They decide to transport Lara to a hospital asap. Lieutenant Nabulsi is supervising the detectives who investigated the murder for which Lara was convicted and also the murders of the drug dealer. They view the charred meth lab house. The cops find the broken tail lamp lens. Six Priuses are registered to felons including a murderer and a rapist. Murderer is incarcerated. Rapist is out. Rapist is in a wheel chair. Check the murderer - does she have a husband or child of driving age? Yes - it's Lara's car and guess what? She just got transported to the hospital. Nabulsi has his officers call the escort. They say everything is secure. But, Nabulsi runs to the hospital anyway. Then John bursts in with a gun, gets everyone in the room tied up, gets Lara to put on civilian clothes (several layers). She is not a happy camper. Tries to talk him out of it. He threatens her that she needs to call Luke and tell him not to expect her he's waiting for her. Then she's with him. They walk quickly through the hospital, first with white lab coats, which they ditch to try to throw the cops off their trail. They come face to face with Nabulsi but manage to escape in the eleavtor. They change clothes several times. They blend in with the crowd, but Nabulsi is on their tail. They board a commuter train. Nabulsi just misses them and chases the train on foot and tries to get it stopped. John stops the train with the eestop. He and Lara jump off. He had previously cut a hole in a chain link fence. They hop into a Chevy Traverse SUV that he has rented earlier and parked there. They just get over the bridge before the police get it blocked off. They drive to the party to pick Luke up. Luke's not there, Nicole has taken all the kids to the zoo. They'll be back in an hour. They start to drive to the zoo. They're running out of time on the 35 minute window. At the last second, he ditches the zoo plan and enters an interstate. He explains about road blocks and that they will come back for Luke somehow later. Lara opens the car door, apparently attempting suicide and lets herself fall. John grabs her and manages to control the spinning SUV. After a reconcilatory pause they drive off, take the next exit and head to the zoo. John finds Luke without any trouble in the aquarium room at the zoo. Nicole sees Lara in the vehicle, the family get in the SUV and drive to a train station. Nabulsi tells his chief on the phone that he's sorry the Mayor was delayed in a roadblock, he had only ordered his cops to stop couples with a kid not every car. When John approaches a toll booth road block they are waved through, it turns out that they had picked up an elderly couple. Nabulsi's detectives find John's garbage and are trying to piece together the plan he had mounted on a wall. They think they have figured out that they are headed to Haiti. The family drops off the seniors in Buffalo and go through airport security with the fake passports, John is trembling nervously so Lara takes charge, they manage to get on the plane. The police interrogate John's father but he claims ignorance and says he never talked with his son. Later, at the parking garage murder scene, Detective Quinn ponders and imagines how the murder could have occurred with Lara's story. A junkie mugger slammed a fire extinguisher into Lara's boss's head. As Lara walked to her adjacent car, she physically bumps into the mugger. Lara picks up the fire extinguisher because it is blocking her car but can't see the body on the far side of her car. She leaves the parking garage. A man sees her leave and the boss's body. It was raining that night, and it's raining tonight too. The male detective drops a piece of paper to see where the button would have gone (off of the junkie's jacket Lara said she heard a button pop). It ends up in a catch basin by the curb. The detectives lift the grate off but don't see a button, but it's there. The cops decide to drop it and return to regular work. At his home, John's father opens an atlas and flips to the Caribbean coast of South America, he smiles. John, Lara, and Luke are in a hotel room in Venezuela. Luke has finally kissed his mom goodnight again as Lara and Luke sleep blissfully on the bed and John takes a picture.
tt0455967
Comedy,Romance
John Tucker is popular, sexy, talented and a complete player. He dates three girls at once, the total stereotypes of every high school: the cheerleader, the brainiac and the slut. When a new, very pretty, sweet and clever girl, Kate, comes to town after her mother's heart is broken and she packs their lives up yet again, they set out to use Kate in their scheme to humiliate John. But this fails and he breaks up with them after "finding his emotional needs". Now they seek to kick the gear to overdrive and use Kate to break his heart and be the ultimate challenge for him. They mold her into the ultimate high-school femme fatale mystery chick and help her get John's appetite whetted. While John is hankering after her, she meets his younger brother, Scott, and becomes his lab partner. In Scott she finds friendship and starts to like him more than just platonically, and Scott reciprocates these feelings, until he realises that his brother wants her. Scott's seen John pick up and quickly drop off every girl in the school, and chooses to keep his distance from Kate, thinking she's like every other John Tucker groupie in the school. John starts to fall in love with Kate, and she realises what a nice guy he is under the alpha male mask. So what is she to do? Go along with the scheme and break John's heart at his annual birthday bash to be accepted by the "popular" chicks, be with John and confess her sins, or leave both of these parties and go to Scott if he'll have her? And who will truly lose in the end? John Tucker, Kate, the scheming trio or Scott? It seems everyone will lose as their well-laid sabotage of John's heart spirals out of control. After all, John Tucker Must Die...
tt1325004
Action,Adventure,Crime
Eclipse opens at nighttime where Riley Biers (Xavier Samuel) is exiting a store on his way home. A driving rainstorm begins as he walks on his way. Without warning, he is knocked down. Looking around, startled, he cannot see anyone-- the street he is walking down appears completely deserted. Getting scared, he pulls his coat closer and picks up his pace. Just as suddenly he is hurled through the air and against a wall-- and still there is nobody and nothing in side. Riley starts to yell for help and breaks into a run. He gets too close to a pier on a marina and almost falls into the water. Terrified, he screams out to his unseen assailant what he wants. There is a blur as something rushes past far too quickly to be seen, and Riley's hand is wounded. He screams in agony and falls to the ground-- and the wound on his hand strongly resembles some kind of bite wound. Bella (Kristen Stewart) and Edward (Robert Pattinson) are in a meadow where she is reading from "Fire & Ice" in preparation for an English final. Edward again asks Bella to marry him, and runs into the old impasse-- he asks her, "marry me," and Bella responds with, "change me." Finally Edward offers a compromise where he will change her when they're married. Bella kisses him but then says it's more like coercion. Their views om marriage differ and she teases him about the divorce rate. Edward assures her that the "vampire-human divorce rate" is lower. They kiss more and Bella says she's due back home at four. Edward just smiles as she gathers up her things and starts on her way home. Charlie (Billy Burke) is reading the newspaper headline that discusses a rash of murders in Seattle. Bella arrives home exactly at four like Charlie wanted. There is a bit of brief debate about her being grounded "for life" (as in New Moon) and Charlie admits that he would like to see a bit of separation between Bella and Edward, even though he expects her answer that Edwart is part of her life. So Charlie offers her a deal. He'll end her punishment if she agrees to see some of her other friends as well, and suggests she see Jacob, as Billy has told Charlie that Jacob is going through a very rough time lately, and just a short time ago, when Bella was in that position, Jake was there for her when she needed him. Bella calls Jacob but gets his voice-mail and chooses not to leave a message. A voiceover from Bella explains that Jacob hasn't spoken to her in weeks, and she's been hoping to set things right. She pulls a handwritten letter out of her dresser drawer and looks at it briefly. Bella gets into her truck to drive to the reservation, but it won't start. Suddenly Edward is in the passenger seat. He knows she was heading to the reservation, and Bella realizes that Alice saw it, and that Edward rigged her truck to not be able to start, in order to prevent her from driving there. They argue about her seeing Jacob. She is adamant that she has until graduation but Edward is obsessed with her safety and is convinced she won't have any among the Quileutes. The next day at school, during lunch, Edward joins Bella at her main table with Mike (Michael Welch), Eric (Justin Chon), Jessica (Anna Kendrick) and Angela (Christian Serratos). Jessica is the class valedictorian and Mike and Eric are helping her prepare her speech. Alice (Ashley Greene) and Jasper (Jackson Rathbone) join them all as well, and Alice stuns them all with an announcement that she is going to host a graduation party-- at the Cullen home. Jessica and Angela are pleasantly shocked, as nobody has ever been to the Cullen home before (except Bella of course). Suddenly Alice sits back with a worried look on her face, and Bella quickly realizes she's having a vision of something. But neither she, Jasper nor Edward will discuss it with her. Edward drives Bella to the police station where Charlie is on duty. They see him with Riley Biers' parents discussing his 'missing persons' case-- Riley has been missing for a year now. Bella realizes Edward knows something about it, and he tells her that the Cullens have been paying very close attention to the rise of murders and disappearances in Seattle. They suspect vampires and believe that if the crime wave escalates, the Voluri will take action. Bella is worried that the Volturi will then make their way to Forks and see that she is still human, but Edward assures her it won't come to that. The Cullens are prepared to go to Seattle if need be to try and get to the bottom of things themselves. As Riley's parents exit the station, Charlie comes out as well. Edward tells Charlie that Carlisle and Esme have bought a plane ticket for Bella to fly down to Jacksonville for a few days to visit her mother Renee. Charlie is surprised but agrees to the visit. Bella is reluctant until it is revealed that Edward will be going with her. This Charlie doesn't like so much but he still consents to the trip. Bella is in Jacksonville laying in the sun with her mother Renee (Sarah Clarke). They are talking about her college plans. Renee hopes Bella will consider a college in Florida, both because it will let her see her daughter more, and because Bella was always a sun-lover. Bella is planning to attend college in Alaska, saying they have a good science program, but Renee knows better-- she knows Bella is in love with Edward and wants to follow him. Finally Renee gives Bella her graduation present-- she collected college T-shirts from every state and sewn them together into a quilt for Bella. Bella is touched and hugs Renee gratefully. Back in Forks, it is nighttime and the Cullens are standing watch in the forest. Carlisle (Peter Facinelli) asks Alice if she's certain this is the spot in her vision. Alice is certain, and they keep watch. Suddenly Alice alerts them to look to their left. The Cullens all take off in pursuit, and it is seen they are chasing Victoria (Bryce Dallas Howard); Alice had foreseen her return to Forks. Emmett (Kellan Lutz) nearly catches Victoria but she wriggles free and keeps running with the Cullens in hot pursuit. Finally Victoria leaps across a stream-- into Quileute territory, where the Cullens are under treaty not to venture. Victoria and the Cullens continue running down opposite sides of the stream when the Quileute wolf pack, having smelled Victoria's presence, emerges from the trees in pursuit of Victoria. Looking to pit one side against the other, Victoria cleverly leaps back and forth from one bank of the stream to the other. Both sides narrowly miss catching her. Finally Emmett loses his patience and jumps after her onto the Quileute lands. Victoria's plan pays off as Paul (Alex Meraz) moves to block Emmett from crossing into Quileute territory. So intent is Paul on not letting Emmett pass that Victoria escapes from both sides in the confusion. Edward and Bella have returned to Forks and are driving to school. Jacob (Taylor Lautner) is there waiting. He confronts Edward about the Cullens trespassing on Quileute territory. Naturally Bella wants to know what Jacob is talking about, and Edward evasively says that Emmett and Paul had a misunderstanding. Jacob is amused despite his anger and finally helps Bella put two and two together-- Alice's vision in the lunchroom was Victoria's return to Forks, and Carlisle and Esme bought her the plane ticket to Florida to get her out of town so she would be safe from Victoria. Bella is furious at Edward's lie, but also confronts Jacob on not caling her. He says he had nothing to say, and Bella says she has plenty. She climbs on Jacob's motorcycle behind him despite Edward's protest and rides with him to the reservation. Some of the wolf pack members are there to greet them on their arrival, teasing Jacob about his continuous thoughts about whether Bella would call him, and whether or not he should call her. Bella then meets Leah Clearwater (Julia Jones), Harry Clearwater's daughter. On Leah's shoulder is both the mark of a Quileute wolf-pack member... and a chip larger than Bella's truck. Sam Uley (Chaske Spencer), the leader of the wolf-pack, and his fiance Emily (Tinsel Korey) emerge from the house. Emily goes to hug Bella as Sam and Jacob talk about Victoria's return. Sam assures Jacob that Victoria won't get through their line again. As they enter the house, Bella glances over her shoulder to see Leah assume wolf form and practice the cliff-dive. Bella and Jacob are talking later. Jacob explains how Leah and her younger brother Seth gained the gift of the 'spirit warrior' (ability to assume wolf form) after Harry died. Jacob also explains that Leah was once in love with Sam, and he loved her in return, until Emily came into the tribe's life. Jacob explains to Bella, the Quileute wolf-pack's process of 'imprinting' on someone-- an event that bonds a male and female as complete soulmates. The imprinting process is often very sudden, spontaneous, and beyond the control of the wolf-pack member doing the imprinting. As all the wolf-pack members can always hear each other's thoughts, they always have to live with the pain Leah feels about losing Sam, and Sam's guilt over imprinting on someone else after he and Leah had grown so close. Bella begins to suspect that Jacob has imprinted on her, but Jacob says that if he'd imprinted on anyone, Bella would know it for certain. He's still him, and as he says, Bella is still Bella. But when Bella says, 'until graduation,' Jacob realizes that Bella intends to go through with becoming a vampire, which sickens him beyond belief. In a fit of disgust he voices a preference for Bella to die rather than let her become something that is unnatural and neither dead nor alive. Quickly he curses himself for going too far, looking painfully stricken at Bella's expression of indignant anger. At the Swan house, Riley is in Bella's room. He fingers the dreamcatcher on her bed and steals one of her red blouses, sniffing it closely. Stealthily descending the stairs, he passes Charlie asleep on the couch and bends over him as if to feed on him. But Riley then hears the door open, and using his speed, escapes from the house undetected. Bella comes into the house, and Charlie is pleased when Bella tells him she was with Jacob and not Edward. But suddenly there is a knock at the door and both of them realize it's Edward. Bella steps outside to greet him, but he is deeply concerned. He almost broke the treaty to make sure she was okay. Suddenly he smells something and rushes up to her room. Fingering her dreamcatcher, he tells her that someone's been in her room. Edward brings Bella back to his house. Edward didn't recognize the scent of whoever entered Bella's room. The Cullens have scouted around the area and determined that the scent vanished five miles south of Bella's house. They suspect a nomad vampire might be involved, as Alice would have seen a vision of Victoria. They suspect the Volturi might be involved, but Alice disagrees, saying she's also been watching Aro, the Volturi ruler, through her visions. The Cullens are discussing another round of protection vigils over Bella's house (to the displeasure of Rosalie (Nikki Reed)). Bella knows that the Cullens cannot keep watch over her and Charlie, and still search for both Victoria and the mysterious intruder, all while keeping themselves fed. It is dayime and Bella has brought Jacob to her house so he can get the scent of the intruder. Outside Jacob tells Edward that he will know the scent if he crosses it again. Edward refuses to trust Jacob and Bella has to force herself between them to break them apart. A voiceover from Bella explains the extremely uneasy partnership between the Cullens and the Quileute wolf-pack, as they guard the house in shifts-- the wolves relieving the Cullens at intervals so they can hunt for animal blood to feed on (two wolves are seen relieving Alice and Emmett as Bella watches). Edward and Bella go to meet Jacob on the shoulder of a road through the woods. Edward is dropping Bella off to spend some time on the Quileute reservation. Despite the partnership, the antipathy between Edward and Jacob drips out of the very air between them whenever they are face to face. Edward passionately kisses Bella goodbye in front of Jacob, and Jacob in turns gives Bella an affectionate hug before Edward drives off. Jacob brings Bella to attend a meeting of the Quileute tribal council. Some of the younger pack members are attending, including Seth (BooBoo Stewart), who Bella meets for the first time. Seth's mother, Sue Clearwater, is on the council now after the death of her husband Harry. Bella is to attend the gathering as the first person not of the tribe to hear the tribe's histories. Billy Black (Gil Birmingham) recites a story of the Quileute tribe as spirit warriors; shapeshifters; able to assume the form of a powerful wolf. He tells of the tribe's first encounter with one of the Cold Ones. Two spirit warriors vanquished one of them after it had fed on some of the tribe. But the Cold One vanquished had a mate (like Victoria was the mate of James) and she attacked the village in vengeance. The Tribal Elder, Taha Aki, engaged her in combat. The Cold Woman was winning the battle and seemed poised to kill him, when Taha Aki's third wife, who had no powers and could not join the battle, stabbed herself with a knife so the Cold Woman would smell the blood and be distracted, allowing Taha Aki to recover and slay her. Taha Aki's third wife is celebrated as a heroine of the tribe for her selfless courage; her sacrifice of herself saved the village and the people. The Cold Ones are the only remaining enemy of the Quileute people. The magic in the tribe's blood awakens when they are near. Billy warns that conflict is near... and the tribe must be ready to face it. In Seattle, Riley is watching over a small scene of violence and Mayhem. He bends over a teenage girl, Bree (Jodelle Ferland), who we see has just been changed into a vampire. Bree is confused and terrified over her new state, and Riley only tells her he'll "find her someone to drink" and suggests she "try not to get killed." Back at the Cullen home, Edward is arriving with Bella. They find Carlisle, Jasper and Emmett watching a news report about the escalating violence in Seattle; the rise in killings and disappearances. Jasper knows that no one vampire could cause such destruction. The Cullens realize that the culprits are "newborns," which they explain to Bella is the state when a human is first transformed into a vampire; their first few months as one. This is when a vampire is at their most vicious, uncontrolled state, overwhelmed with a wild thirst for blood. The newborns are completely undisciplined. Jasper and Carlisle deduce that someone is creating a small army of them. This means they must go to Seattle to try and stop it. The newborns are being created to destroy someone or something-- the Cullens are the only vampire family close enough to be targets. Carlisle knows that if the Cullens don't stop the newborns, the Volturi will arrive to do so-- he's surprised they haven't stepped in yet. Edward theorizes that the Volturi are actually behind the uprising; he knows that Aro and Marcus dearly want for both himself and Alice to join them, and if the rest of the Cullen family were slain, they would have nobody else to go to. Bella is arriving home to find her father looking at a missing persons poster for Riley, made by his parents when he first vanished. Charlie notes that they are still desperate to find their son even after a year. Bella wonders why they keep looking, and Charlie answers that he would do so in their place, if it were Bella that was missing. At night, Bella is lying beside Edward in her bed. Despite her determination to become a vampire, she is coming to terms with knowing she can never see her family or the rest of her friends again, as her body will never age and she will appear 18 years old even when she's supposed to be 40. Edward uses this as more ammo in the argument not to change her. He warns her that he's been through the consequences she will face for undergoing the change. She believes that Edward has a soul, but he doesn't, and he cannot bear the thought of taking her soul away just so she wouldn't grow old and die as his mortal wife. Even though he'd eventually lose her, he feels that taking her soul away would be the most selfish act he could do. The next day Bella is on the reservation with Jacob, admiring the beauty of the land. She invites him to the graduation party, though she is not surprised at his lack of an answer; going to the Cullen home is the last thing on his 'to-do' list. Bella notes there's something on his mind. Jacob says he didn't want to be so forward, but there's no time left; she needs to hear the truth. Jacob confides that he is in love with Bella, and he is fighting for her heart; he desperately hopes she will choose him over Edward. He puts her hand on his chest so she can feel his heart beating and that he is a living being of warm flesh and blood. With him, Bella would never need to change; she would never need to give up being human or say goodbye to her family. Bella tries to explain that she doesn't feel that way for him, but Jacob doesn't buy it; he is convinced she just doesn't want to admit it to herself. He intends to fight for her until her heart stops beating, and is visibly pained at her response that he wouldn't be waiting for long. Jacob says that unlike Edward, he can kiss her without fear of hurting her. But Jacob goes too far when he grabs Bella and passionately kisses her to demonstrate his point; kissing her without her consent. Bella blazes with anger and she slams her fist into his face. Jacob doesn't flinch; he barely feels the punch... but Bella does, and her hand is broken. When Jacob drives her home, Edward is there, ready to start an altercation with Jacob for hurting Bella-- he read Jacob's thoughts. He demands that Jacob wait next time for Bella to ask for him to kiss her, and Jacob vows that one day, she will. Charlie has to separate Edward and Jacob, and he is amused at Jacob's explanation that Bella broke her hand hitting him in the face. Bella's insufferable clumsiness and tendency to be accident-prone makes the explanation completely plausible to Charlie. Edward brings Bella to his house where Carlisle bandages her hand and determines that it is not actually broken, but merely sprained. Emmett is amused at Bella's bravado in hitting Jacob and there is a brief exchange of teasing words between them about her becoming a newborn. Rosalie hears, gets very annoyed, and she curtly leaves the room. Bella follows her, determined to finally get an explanation of why Rosalie hates Bella so much. Rosalie smiles sardonically and even a little sadly as she says she doesn't hate Bella... in fact she envies her, because unlike Rosalie herself or any of the Cullens, Bella has a choice, and Rosalie is the most adamant that she is choosing wrong. Rosalie finally opens her heart to Bella and tells her about herself as a human in the early 20th century. She was engaged to the town's most eligible bachelor, a man named Royce, even though she didn't know him that well. She was young and a romantic, in love with the idea of being in love. But one fateful night she happened across him on a street corner where he was with some of his friends, and all of them were drunk. He tried to come on to her, and she pushed him away, seeing he was drunk. In response Royce grabbed her and brutally raped her, and then beat her within an inch of her life, all while his friends watched, and they left her in the street to die-- and as Rosalie tells Bella, she dearly wanted to have died. But Carlisle happened across her, and changed her in order to save her, though to Rosalie, he wasn't actually helping her at all. The two things in her vampire existence that brought her true happiness and pleasure, were exacting a brutal vengeance on Royce (we see a flashback of her smashing into his apartment wearing a wedding dress and smiling wickedly), and finding and falling in love with Emmett. But even her relationship as Emmett's mate, to her, is incomplete. She is young and beautiful, but she would give it up in a moment to be able to bear Emmett's children. She and Emmett are frozen in time, and she does not fear or worry that she would grow old as a human-- she would do it in a minute if both she and Emmett could become human again and raise their own family. Bella sympathizes with Rosalie but insists that Edward is the one thing she wants more than anything else in life. But Rosalie knows better. She knows that once Bella is a 'newborn,' there is one thing she will want more; one thing she will crave so desperately, she will kill in order to get it... blood. On the streets of Seattle, the newborns are causing more havoc and violence. Riley furiously reins them in, reprimanding them about the need to keep a low profile. He tells them something big is coming on the horizon, and they can't gain control of themselves, then they'll all soon die, including himself. He looks out to the sky, seemingly worried about something. High on a rooftop, watching, is the source of Riley's worry, even if he doesn't know it-- Jane (Dakota Fanning) is watching the scene unfold, along with Felix (Daniel Cudmore), Alec (Cameron Bright) and Demitri (Charlie Bewley). Jane has, in fact, been keeping close tabs on the newborn uprising, and the Volturi are concerned. Felix believes that the amount of attention the newborn uprising has drawn, will cause other vampires to question the effectiveness of the Volturi, and that the four of them should consult Aro. Jane silences Felix with her power to cause intense pain, and says she knows that Aro's decisions are being watched, which is why the four of them were sent here; they must decide themselves. Jane is deep in thought over whether to terminate the newborns immediately, or to first let them do what they were created for-- she knows they were created for a reason. Graduation Day arrives at Forks High School. Jessica's valedictorian speech centers around what kids want to be when they grow up, and this time in all their lives being about making mistakes, changing their minds, and this being what enables them to finally know what their future will be. Bella is thoughtful as she listens; knowing that it applies to her and her desire to join Edward. The senior class is enjoying a lively party at the Cullen home. Bella congratulates Jessica on her speech. Bella is surprised when Jacob shows up at the party. Jacob apologizes for kissing her against her will, and gives her a hand-made bracelet as a graduation present; a bracelet with a small wooden carving of a wolf. Alice comes down the stairs, and stops in her tracks, a look of worry on her face. Both Bella and Jacob know she is seeing another vision. Alice grimly tells them that the Cullens aren't going to need to go to Seattle-- "they are coming here." The Cullens convene with Bella, Jacob, Quil and Embry in the den. Carlisle explains to Jacob about the newborn army-- newly changed vampires. Having read Alice's mind, Edward has seen her vision and has determined that the missing teenager, Riley Biers, is among them; possibly even a leader in the army, though he is not their creator... Carlisle realizes that whoever is behind the uprising knows of Alice's power and is exploiting the 'blind spots' in her visions to stay under the radar. The worst part, though, is that Alice saw Riley passing around the red blouse he stole from Bella's room so all the newborns could get her scent. The newborns are coming to Forks and will arrive in four days... and their mission is to kill Bella. Carlisle tells Jacob that this means the Cullens have to face the newborns in what is sure to be a terrible and ugly fight. He knows lives will be lost. Jacob looks at Quil and Embry, who silently nod to him without hesitation. Jacob says that the Quileutes are in; they will fight alongside the Cullens to destroy the newborns. Carlisle says that Jasper has extensive knowledge of newborns, including how to battle and defeat them. He asks Jacob to see if Sam will agree to the wolf-pack meeting with the Cullens so they can all train in these combat methods. Jasper is satisfied that the newborns will have no knowledge of the Quileute wolf-pack, thus giving them and the Cullens an edge, in addition to sufficient numbers. Bella is against Jacob fighting, but he waves her off, reminding her that battling and killing vampires is the wolf-pack's job; the reason they have their powers. He also reminds Bella that she has long desperately wanted to see the Quileute wolf-pack and the Cullens set aside their differences and work together. The next day the Quileutes meet with the Cullens in the woods. They are in wolf-form, still not trusting the Cullens enough to take human form when they will be more vulnerable. Edward, who can read their minds, volunteers to 'translate' for them. Edward says that the Quileutes are asking how newborns differ from other vampires. Carlistle explains that the newborn stage is when a vampire possesses the greatest degree of physical strength and power, because their own human blood still lingers in their bodies. Jasper has the experience they will all need to learn to fight and defeat them. Jasper explains what he knows of a newborn's immense power and how they fight. He admonishes everyone that a newborn will often try to move behind an enemy and get their arms around them, which will allow them to crush their enemy in their grasp instantly. Jasper warns everyone that they must never go for an obvious kill, because a newborn will know to watch for it... and they will turn the tables. Jasper puts his family members through a training session practicing combat tactics and moves to use against the newborns. Jasper himself is the best fighter in the family; the only one who can even match him is Alice, who can not only foresee his actions, but as his mate, she knows him better than anyone else. After the training is done for the day, Bella asks Jasper if there's any way she can contribute to the battle. Jasper answers that her scent will distract the newborns and divert their attention; their hunting drive and bloodthirst will take over and make them vulnerable. Bella is curious about Jasper's knowledge and experience with newborns. Jasper simply smiles and lifts his sweater sleeves, showing battle-scars on his arms. He regales Bella with stories of his human life as a major in the Texas army, fighting for the Confederacy during the American Civil War. Near Galveston he met a woman named Maria who was a vampire; looking to change others so they would be able to destroy Union soldiers in battle. Maria was dangerously clever and cautious. She made use of Jasper's power to control the emotions of others, and had him destroy the newborns before they had been a vampire for one year, in order to cover her tracks. But Jasper could feel all the emotions of every newborn he killed and realized that Maria didn't love him, but rather controlled him like a puppet. Finding Alice was what helped him escape and become free. She had seen a vision of him and gone to meet with him. Alice finds her way to them and she shares a passionate kiss with Jasper, and Bella smiles and politely turns her head away. Later that night Bella has a dream of Maria whispering something into Jasper's ear, gently coaxing him into killing someone. She sees this as if she were the one Maria was directing Jasper to kill. Just before Jasper lunges, Bella dreams that Maria suddenly has Victoria's face and voice. Awakening in her room, in Edward's arms, Bella says that the dream has given her the final piece of the puzzle. She realizes that Victoria is the mastermind behind the newborn army, and she is using a second-in-command to do all the dirty work, in order to evade being seen in Alice's visions. As if in answer, we see Riley in Seattle delivering another hapless recruit to Victoria. In the morning, outside the house, Edward is telling Bella that he will taking her to a hidden spot away from the battlefield. With the Quileute wolf pack fighting beside them, the Cullens will be able to handle the newborns, but Bella, as a human, will be too vulnerable. In the chaos of the battle, it would be too much risk of a newborn slipping past the defenders and reaching her. Bella argues that if she and Edward are too far apart, they will both be too worried about each other and both of them will be vulnerable. For once, Edward assents and agrees-- but instead of bringing her to the battlefield, he will go with her to stand guard over her at her hiding place. The two of them meet Jacob and Jasper on a field in a woodland clearing. Jasper has chosen this site for the battle to take place, believing it will provide them with a tactical advantage. Bella's scent must end at this field-- the newborns must be able to track her to it, but not past it. This means she must be carried to the campsite where Edward will be guarding her-- and Edward cannot carry her there because the newborns will still be able to pick up Bella's own scent. But Jacob, as a werewolf, has a scent that vampires find so repellent that it will mask Bella's trail effectively. The newborns won't smell Bella past the battlefield, only the smell of werewolf which they won't be able to stand. Edward doesn't like the idea but he won't question Jasper's knowledge on what will give them every edge they can get in the battle. Too much rides on it. Jacob and Bella talk as he carries her through the woods. Despite the tactical reasons for it, he's sardonic about Edward not being in the battle, but Bella won't try to talk Jacob into not being part of it. Bella knows Jacob would refuse to honor her wishes. Jacob mentions that as Billy's son he had the right to be the alpha wolf of the spirit warriors, but as he originally didn't even want to be one of the wolf-pack at all, he yielded the alpha position to Sam, and Sam feels Jacob will be needed on the battlefield. When Jacob remarks that every choice has its consequences, Bella knows he's referring to her becoming a vampire and asks him to let it rest-- everyone makes their decisions and she's made hers. Jake says he knows that Bella feels something for him; he can sense it about her... and that the Sam-Leah-Emily triangle is proof that she can love more than one person. Bella thinks Jacob is about to try and kiss her again. He just smiles and says he promised not to until she asked. Bella thinks he will have to wait a long time for that, but he thinks she's wrong. Back on the field, Edward is waiting. Jasper has followed Jacob and Bella partway to make sure the plan is working. Jasper tells Edward that he could only smell wolf, meaning Bella's trail has ended on the field as planned. Despite Jasper's assurances that the plan is working, Edward's reaction shows how much effort he has to exert to follow the plan. The thought of Jacob carrying Bella is too harsh for him. Bella is driving home. She finds Alice leaving her house, chatting pleasantly with Charlie-- she's charmed her way into his good graces. Out of Charlie's earshot, Alice tells Bella she's arranged a cover story; that the Cullens are going on a camping trip and Charlie has agreed to Bella having a sleepover with Alice so that Alice will have some company. In fact it is Edward who will be at the Cullen house with her, while Alice goes with the Cullens into the woods to hunt for animal blood so they will be ready for battle. Charlie is going fishing so Bella won't have to worry about him being concerned for her. Inside the house, Charlie confirms that unlike Edward, Alice meets with his approval. Bella asks her father why he never remarried after the divorce with Renee. She's looking to get his viewpoints on marriage to help with her own decision whether to marry Edward, although of course she doesn't tell him that. Charlie says he never really met the right woman for him after the divorce, but he sees value in marriage, pointing to Renee's happy marriage to Phil. He does, however, mention that it tends to work out better, later in life, not earlier as a result of 'not being careful.' This leads to a rather awkward chat about premarital sex (and whether Bella is still a virgin) that leaves both Charlie and Bella rather embarrassed. Bella arrives at the Cullen house for the 'sleepover.' Edward adds a small diamond to Bella's charm bracelet. Going up to his room, Bella sees he has brought a bed in for her to sleep on. Bringing up Edward's desire to marry her as a condition for changing her, Bella says she wants to negotiate her own condition, and gets Edward to promise her anything she desires. But then Bella starts to come on to him and he backs off, afraid of hurting her. Bella begs him to 'try,' because she wants him while she's still human. They start to kiss and make out, but when Bella starts to undress herself, and he sees that she wants to have sex, Edward again backs off. His "old school" values that Bella had assured Charlie that Edward has, start to assert themselves and he says that back during his days as a living mortal, he would have done things different, including a full courtship, and asking her father for her hand, before proposing. But as he speaks, he takes one knee and presents Bella with an engagement ring that belonged to his mother. He restates his request for Bella to marry him. Bella's heart is finally touched the right way and she says yes. On a secluded rooftop in the darkness over Seattle, another conversation, much more sinister, is taking place. Victoria is gently admonishing Riley not to underestimate the Cullens. Her "dead friend" (Laurent) is a testament to their powers-- Laurent learned about them and they killed him. Victoria sweetly tells Riley that this is the Cullen family's hunting grounds, and she is afraid of them retaliating against her for trying to slake her own thirst. Riley assures her he'll make the city safe for her, and they begin to kiss. Riley has fallen in love with Victoria and has bought her lies hook, line, and sinker. He clearly has no idea what her true motives are... he's become the Jasper to Victoria's Maria. The next day Bella and Edward are walking through the woods so she can 'mark' a trail leading to the field. Bella's pricked her finger so she can leave a drop of blood at intervals. She finds that Edward has gained the ability to resist the lure of her blood completely, brought about by when he thought Bella had died (back in New Moon). He notes she's not wearing the engagement ring and Bella says she doesn't want to lose it, but Edward knows she also doesn't want Jacob to see it. Bella gives in and says she feels they should wait to tell him. She wants his mind to be focused on the battle. Jacob arrives at that moment-- he'll be carrying Bella the rest of the way. Edward says that Alice has seen a storm coming, and Jacob says he can feel its approach. As Jacob carries Bella, a storm of a different kind also begins moving toward Forks; Riley is leading the newborn army through the woods and across a lake. Clearly he knows the land and how to get where the army needs to go. Jacob arrives with Bella at a small secluded plateau among the mountains, well defensible. Edward has a tent set up. Jacob reveals he will be staying the night at the campsite as well; in the morning, Seth will relieve him so that Edward and Bella can stay apprised of the battle through Seth's telepathic link to the pack. Seth wants in on the battle, but assisting Edward with guard duty over Bella will keep Seth out of trouble. Nighttime comes, the storm blows across the mountains and the temperature drops dangerously low. The tent, the sleeping bag and Bella's own winter clothing all prove inadequate, and she is shivering miserably with cold. Jacob enters the tent, having heard Bella's soft moans of discomfort. Edward realizes that Jacob intends to use his own 109-degree body heat to keep Bella warm, and is dead set against it. Jacob warns Edward that Bella is in danger of getting frostbitten. Edward's distrust for, and rivalry with, Jacob is so intense that it takes every iota of his will to assent to Jacob holding Bella, even for the purpose of keeping her warm. Edward and Jacob finally manage to speak civilly while Bella is asleep. They discuss their respective feelings for Bella. Jacob asks if Edward ever considered that Bella might love him as well, even if she wouldn't admit it to herself, and if Jacob could provide a good life for her. Edward insists he has tried to stop Bella from making him change her, and admits that he understands that Jacob can protect her as well as Edward can, and that Jacob can give Bella a human life. Jacob asks Edward how he coped with the belief that Bella had died and he'd lost her. Edward says he wouldn't wish it on anyone. Bella's greatest wish comes true as Edward finally admits he's glad Jacob is here. Edward and Jacob finally have found some measure of common ground. Morning comes. Seth arrives at the campsite so that Edward will know that Jacob has gone scouting and will return soon. As Seth leaves, Edward and Bella talk about the nighttime experience. Bella knows how hard it was for Edward to let Jacob do what he had to do; he says it's not on his list of favorite evenings. She's amused that Edward has a 'list' of his favorite evenings... at the top of the list, is, naturally, her accepting his proposal. He jokingly calls her Mrs. Cullen and she jokes back that in the 21st century, she has the right to choose whether to change her name. But it is no longer a joking matter when she finds that Jacob has returned and overheard that Bella is planning to marry Edward. She turns toward Edward, furiously angry when she realizes that Edward knew he was standing there. Edward simply says that Jacob deserved to know the truth. Jacob storms off and Bella starts to follow. Edward tries to grab her arm but she sternly warns him off. Bella rushes after Jacob, pleading to him as he curtly says he's off to kill some vampires-- and maybe let one of them kill him in turn. She begs him not to be reckless, and when he won't listen to her reason, she goes into a near-panic and asks him to kiss her. This he does, and they share a long, passionate kiss. Jacob says he has to go to the battlefield but he'll return. Bella realizes Edward knew what was going on-- he says Jacob's thoughts are very loud. Edward understands that Bella loves Jacob, but takes comfort in her assurance that she loves him more. Seth returns to the campsite, taking Jacob's place there so his telepathic link to the pack will keep Edward up to date on the battle. The Cullens stand on the battlefield, waiting as the newborn army rushes forward. On Jasper's signal, the Cullens rush forth into battle, luring the newborns to the rock outcropping behind which the Quileutes await. Led by Jasper, the Cullens and the Quileutes fight together with expert teamwork, allowing them to overwhelm the newborns who, despite greater numbers, fight blindly and recklessly. Victoria is seen observing the battle briefly before rushing off. Bree is the one newborn who is afraid and deeply uncertain about what she's been ordered to do. Seeing the newborns being decimated, she starts to run, only to be cornered by Carlisle and Esme (Elizabeth Reaser). The two look at each other, sensing Bree's terror and uncertainty. Back at the mountain camp, Edward realizes Victoria is near-- he can hear her thoughts. She had noticed Edward was not on the battlefield, and also knew that he wouldn't leave Bella's side, meaning once she found him, she'd find Bella. She's managed to track Edward to the campsite. Edward realizes Victoria is close, and not alone. He urges Seth to hide for ambush. Riley slowly walks out of the trees to confront Edward. Edward tries to reason with Riley, appealing to his logic, explaining Victoria's intent on avenging James and caring for nothing else, and she chose Riley to be her second in the newborn army only because Riley is a Forks native and knows the town and area well. Victoria arrives on the scene and pleads gently to Riley about her love for him and her warnings about Edward's mind tricks. Riley's desire for Victoria ultimately wins out over his logic.and he rushes to attack. Seth intercepts him and tears off his hand. Seeing the odds start to turn against her, Victoria begins to flee. Needing to keep her from escaping again, Edward calls out to her and taunts her about his killing James. She turns and glares as Edward goads her about her need to hurt him because of how he killed her lover and mate. Victoria starts to blaze with furious anger and she leaps at Edward in a rage. They fight and Edward throws her into a tree, which she begins to climb. Getting Bella to one side, Edward pushes the tree down and leaps at Victoria. Seth is distracted by the sound, and Riley kicks him viciously in the snout, knocking him unconscious. He joins the fight between Edward and Victoria, and turns the tide. Seeing Riley and Victoria working together and poised to kill Edward, Bella scrabbles desperately in the snow. She finds a rock with a sharp edge and, taking a page from Taha Aki's third wife, Bella lacerates her arm, letting her blood flow freely. Both vampires quickly smell her blood and are struck with blood frenzy, breaking their concentration and allowing Edward to turn the tide of the battle again. Seth recovers and seizes Riley, dragging him away. He cries desperately to Victoria, but she finally reveals her true nature and abandons him to try and feed on Bella, who stands before her unflinching. Edward intercepts Victoria and grapples with her. Outmaneuvering her, he rips her head off and kills her. Seth growls urgently and Edward notes that Alice needs them all on the battlefield. He burns Victoria's body and they rush to regroup with the Cullens and the Quileutes. Alice has seen the approach of Jane. As Edward, Bella and Seth arrive, Carlise urges the Quileutes to hurry away, because he knows the Volturi will not honor a truce with them. One newborn has survived and is lurking in ambush. Leah leaps on him, but this last newborn is tougher than his brethren. He is about to overpower Leah when Jacob joins the battle, but even then the newborn is able to maneuver around and grab Jacob from behind in a crushing bear hug that shatters the right side of his rib cage. The Quileutes finally finish the newborn off, but Jacob is badly injured, Leah cursing him for risking his life. The pack rushes to his side. Carlisle determines the extent of Jacob's injuries. He tells them that Jacob's wolf powers will allow his body to heal very rapidly, but because Carlisle cannot go with the Quileutes to treat Jacob immediately, this will cause his bones to begin to mend out of proper alignment-- this means when he arrives to treat Jacob, Carlisle must re-break them in order to set them properly. He promises to meet the pack at Billy's home as soon as possible. Quickly Jacob's tribe mates, all in human form now, gently lift him and carry him away. The Volturi arrive and survey the battlefield. Jane is only mildly impressed that the Cullens survived and that she and her underlings were not needed. She then notices Bree cowering behind the Cullens. Carlisle and Esme say they offered Bree asylum in exchange for her surrender, but Jane coldly states the Cullens had no asylum to offer. She torments Bree with terrible pain, interrogating her to learn about her creation. But Bree doesn't know who the leader of the newborn army was-- Riley trusted none of them with the knowledge. Edward slyly suggests that the Volturi knew about Victoria, but Carlisle insists that if they had known, they would have acted early and stopped her themselves. Carlisle and Esme vow to take responsibility for Bree, but Jane says the Volturi don't offer second chances-- the Cullens will be in enough trouble when Caius learns that Bella is still human. Bella quickly says, "a date has been set." Jane backs off from Bella but orders Felix to destroy Bree. Knowing that trying to protect Bree will bring the full wrath of the Volturi upon them, the Cullens resignedly step out of Felix's way, leaving the terrified Bree to her fate. Bella arrives at Billy Black's home to hear Jacob screaming in pain, which makes Billy shudder. Carlisle is re-breaking Jacob's ribs so that he can set them properly. Carlisle soon emerges from the house and says that Jacob is out of danger and will start to recover, and he'll return as necessary to help. A grateful Billy shakes Carlisle's hand as he would a friend's. Carlisle tells Bella that Jacob was asking for her. She goes into his room and they talk. Jacob knows that Bella has made her choice and he can no longer fight it. He is still struggling to accept the truth, and desperately wishes he could still change things, but he knows that he has lost the battle for Bella's heart. She asks if she can return to see him again. He says he will need time, but will wait for her-- even after her heart has stopped beating. Bella and Edward are in a meadow talking about the wedding. Edward is amused that Bella is letting Alice plan the whole affair out. He again questions her about her desire, and she explains that as much hardship as she's endured in Edward's world, she's never felt "normal" as other people define it, and only by making the world of the Cullens into her own world as well, has she felt a true sense of completeness. Remaining human was what she 'should be,' but joining the Cullens was who she truly 'was.' She jokingly tells Edward there is one more dangerous task ahead of them-- they have to tell Charlie about the wedding. Edward puts the engagement ring on her finger and they kiss passionately as the screen fades to black.
tt1279935
Comedy,Crime,Romance
Claire (Tina Fey) and Phil Foster (Steve Carell) sleep peacefully in their bedroom, till they're jumped on by their kids, who demand breakfast. During breakfast, Claire gives her daughter a one-two-three warning, and is amazed that it still works. Phil makes the kids' lunches, but he's left all the drawers open, resulting in Claire almost tripping on them. Phil is a New Jersey tax lawyer and Clair is a realtor. When they get back home, they're totally bushed. Katy, their next-door neighbor, drops by to baby-sit the kids, as it's their Date Night. Though neither is really feeling up to it, they go to a restaurant for their date. They have potato skins and salmon (their usual) and watch other couples and analyze their actions, quite comically. Still their date is rather boring and they return home. Phil wants to fool around before sleeping, but Claire's already put in her retainer. He gets grossed out when she removes it and they spend yet another night without sex. The next day, they go to their usual book club at their friends', Brad (Mark Ruffalo) and Haley's (Kristen Wiig), house. They're reading some book about a young Afghan girl who's having her first period and is traumatized or something. Phil doesn't seem all that impressed, but the ladies (Phil and Brad are the only guys there) feel sad for the poor fictitious girl. Brad speaks to Phil and tells him that he and Haley are getting divorced, but keeping it under wraps for their kids. They're like perfect roommates, he says, but that's all. While he's sad about it, Haley is excited and tells Claire that she has all the freedom to whatever she wants (like have sex with three strangers). She advises Claire to "walk among the birds." The next Date Night, Claire dresses up well. When Phil walks in, he's impressed and decides that they're going to Manhattan for dinner. They go to a fancy restaurant, Claw, without a reservation. The snooty Maitre D' tells them that reservations are taken months in advance and asks them to go to the bar and wait for a table. They go to the crowded bar and wait. Claire is all for leaving and going to a less fancy restaurant, but Phil wants her to have something special. Just then, the hostess calls out, "Tripplehorn, party of two." When no one answers after a while, Phil seizes the moment and shouts, "Us!" much to Claire's surprise. They're shown to their table. Claire is a bit unsure about taking someone else's reservation. The prices are crazy expensive. They clink empty wine glasses, even though Claire notes that it's bad luck. As they eat their overpriced but delicious risotto, they analyze other couples at the restaurant. They notice that Will.I.Am is also there, with his companion. Phil tells Claire to go near Will.I.Am and pose, while he takes a goofy picture of her on her cell phone. As they're about to finish, a couple of tough-looking guys - Armstrong (Jimmi Simpson) and Collins (Common) - walk up to their table and address them as the "Tripplehorns." They tell them that they're in trouble. The Fosters think that they've been busted for taking someone else's reservation. Armstrong and Collins escort them outside, where they frisk them and take their IDs and cell phones. Claire and Phil are a bit shocked and ask what this is about. Armstrong pulls out a gun and holds it sideways at Phil, freaking Phil out ("sideways means killshot!"). They tell them that they want the flash drive that they stole from mob boss, Joe Miletto, and are now using as blackmail. As the situation gets tenser, Phil says that he has the flash drive and that it's in Central Park. The four of them go to Central Park (in the Fosters' car) and pull up to a deserted spot. Claire wishes that Phil had chosen a more populated spot. Phil, thinking that night-boating is prevalent in New York, tells them that the drive is in the boathouse. They go to the boathouse and bust inside. Claire tries to act as if Phil's got a condition with his penis and that they need to get back to the car for his medication. Instead, he tells her to "get the flash drive". He directs her to a dark corner of the boathouse. As the two gunmen and Claire look for it, Phil seizes an oar and knocks the two gunmen out and runs out with Claire. They jump onto a boat and Phil guns the engine as hard as he can... only to find that they've chosen the slowest boat in New York! As they inch closer to the other bank, the two gunmen open fire at them. Phil and Claire duck into the boat, to evade the bullets. When they (finally) get to the other side, they hold the boat upside-down on their heads as protection and run blindly through the woods, screaming bloody murder. Bumping into a tree, they drop the boat and climb up a wall and emerge into a crowded place. The hoods, however, lose them and are livid. Phil throws up quite a bit. They go to the police station where they speak to Detective Arroyo (Taraji P. Henson) about their ordeal, mentioning Joe Miletto. When she hears that they took someone else's reservation, she's a bit disgusted. As they speak, Claire notices the two gunmen have entered the place - they're cops, for crying out loud! She hints to the still-unaware Phil that they have to "go visit their gay friends for dinner." When he sees them, they duck down, much to Arroyo's bemusement. They start rambling about having to go, but Arroyo sternly tells them to stay put. The bad cops notice them. Just then, Arroyo is called outside by her partner, Detective Walsh. The Fosters take to their heels and run out. Outside the station, they both start freaking out, realizing that Joe Miletto has cops in his pocket and that they can't trust anyone. Claire wants to go home, but Phil tells her that the bad cops have their IDs and will know where they live. Scared about their kids' well-being, they call Katy from a payphone, and tell her to stay longer and get the kids out of the house. They have to promise to pay Katy a lot more, before they notice the bad cops coming and run. Claire asks what a flash drive is and, after Phil explains, says that she calls it a "computer sticky thing". They're on the run and scared. Claire asks what they're going to do. Phil says that they have to find the real Tripplehorns, as they'll have the flash drive. To do that though, they'll have to go back to Claw again. They act as a pair of snooty glitterati-types (Phil wears his jacket on backwards) and speak to the hostess (who gave them their table). He acts like he knows Will.I.Am and that he left his cell phone at Will's table. He goes to the table with the hostess, while Claire finds out the Tripplehorns' number in the reservation register and writes it down. When they leave (after running into the hard glass door of Claw), Claire tells Phil that one of her clients (a private eye or something) will be able to help them track down that number. First she needs to break into her realty office and find his address. After breaking in, they look around, as the alarm blares. Claire finds the address for Grant Holbrooke. She hits her knee on a drawer left open by Phil. They escape before the security can show up. Detectives Arroyo and Walsh visit Joe Miletto (Ray Liotta) at one of his clubs and ask him what his beef is with the Fosters. He feigns ignorance and tells them to get out and not come back without a warrant. After they leave, he calls up Collins and asks if they have a problem. Meanwhile, the Fosters go to Holbrooke's place. They buzz his apartment. After Claire reintroduces herself, he buzzes them in. As they climb up, Phil is impressed that Claire can remember her clients so well. When the door opens, he sees why. There stands Grant Holbrooke (Mark Wahlberg), shirtless, muscles bulging everywhere. Phil is understandably not too happy, while Claire is understandably extremely happy to be there. When they tell him their full story, he agrees to help them find the Tripplehorns. They give him the phone number. Holbrooke's oh-so-hot Israeli girlfriend comes inside and (in broken English) asks if they're here to have sex with them. When they say no, she's relieved, telling Holbrooke in Hebrew that "they look old and weak." Meanwhile, a detective informs Arroyo about the break-in at Claire's realty office and that they were looking for a Grant Holbrooke's address. The bad cops, Armstrong and Collins, hear this and butt in, asking about the Fosters. Arroyo, smelling something rotten about the dirty cops, blows them off. The bad cops "leave for the day." Holbrooke takes the Fosters into his office, where he's got quite an awesome computer set-up with Minority Report-style monitors. Using some high tech satellite tracking and stuff, he manages to find out about the Tripplehorns. The cell phone is registered to Tom Felton. He gives them the address. Just then, the bad cops buzz the apartment. Claire freaks out a bit, but Holbrooke tells them to go out from his garage. As they wait for the cops to enter the building, they steal one of Holbrooke's expensive sports cars and drive off. As they drive, Phil wants to know why she was so flirty and charming with Holbrooke. Why can't she light up for him the same way? Claire gets mad and tells him that she goes through a horrible day every day in the office and at home. Phil says that Claire never lets Phil do anything, because she's afraid he'll mess up. She brings up his leaving drawers open and the number of times she's hurt herself as a result. She tells him that sometimes she dreams of being alone for a day. They calm a bit and talk about Brad and Haley, how's they're like "perfect roommates" and how they don't want to end up like them. They drive over to the Feltons' place. They buzz the apartment, but they get no answer. Phil decides to go up using the fire escape. When they climb up to the apartment, they see the place is quite a dump. As they quietly go through the place, Claire bumps into a stack of VHS tapes, causing them to fall on her, making a loud noise. The Feltons enter from the adjoining room and rush the Fosters. Phil pulls out an antique gun (which he stole from Holbrooke's apartment) and orders them to sit and answer his questions. The Feltons are Tom "Taste" Felton (James Franco) and Whippit (Mila Kunis). They trade insults with the Fosters for a bit, though Phil isn't exactly great at it, and then quarrel between themselves. As the Feltons squabble, the Fosters realize that their lives are not all that different. Phil asks about the flash drive that they stole. He says that the bad cops are after them. On hearing this, Taste gives Phil the flash drive, telling him that since Miletto thinks they're the Tripplehorns, they can return it themselves. He tells Whippit to start packing as they've practiced. After a long kiss, the Feltons leave via the fire escape, leaving the thoroughly bewildered Fosters behind. The Fosters leave. Detectives Arroyo and Walsh go to Holbrooke's place to question him about the Fosters. He tells them that he's already spoken to the other cops and that they should ask them. Arroyo asks about these "other cops." Just as the Fosters get into Holbrooke's sportscar, they're fired upon by Armstrong and Collins. As they race down a one-way street, they collide into a taxi head-on. Now the two cars are stuck together. They try reversing, but to no avail. With the bad cops on their tail, Phil is forced to drive forward, taking the taxi and the terrified driver along for the ride. As they drive, Phil tells Claire to take the wheel and climbs through the open windshield into the taxi, to stop the cabbie from pushing down on the brakes. He asks if the cabbie has a laptop or something to read the flash drive on. The cabbie has a Kindle. When Phil turns it on, he notices the same book that the book club was reading, about the Afghan menstruation thing ("Really?"). He looks at the drive's contents on the Kindle and sees pornographic photos of DA Frank Crenshaw on it. He's a DA who says he wants to clean up the streets and actually carries a broom around. Now they're being chased by other police cruisers as well as by the dirty cops. Phil tells Claire to turn. She does, causing her to go in reverse while pulling the taxi. As they turn, they find that the road is blocked by cops and cruisers. The cabbie takes charge and tells Claire to stop inches away from the cruisers and accelerate forward. They escape the cops, as the other moving cruisers and the dirty cops' car crashes into the blockade. As they celebrate their escape, they get jackknifed by an SUV, that finally separates them. Claire manages to stop the sports car, but the taxi's brakes are shot. The cabbie bails and Phil and the cab splash into the river. He manages to swim back ashore, but the flash drive is gone. Detective Arroyo arrives at the scene of the cruiser pile-up and enquires why Armstrong and Collins are there. They give her a story, but she doesn't seem to buy it. She tells them to leave. The Fosters take the subway. Phil is wearing Holbrooke's tracksuit (which he got from the smashed-up sportscar). Claire asks what was on the flash drive. Phil says that it was a ledger about DA Frank Crenshaw and his activities with prostitutes in the Peppermint Hippo Bar. They realize that the Feltons were not blackmailing Joe Miletto, but the district attorney, and those dirty cops are working for him. With nowhere else to turn, they return to Holbrooke's house, where he answers the door, again shirtless. They need his help, but he says he's not interested. Phil pleads with him, saying he has a plan. He ends his heartfelt plea by asking Holbrooke to please, please put on a shirt! The Fosters go to the Peppermint Hippo Bar. They speak to the bouncer outside, acting as pimp (Phil) and hooker (Claire). He lets them in. Claire goes into a ladies changing room and puts on a rather sexy costume. Phil's eyes almost pop out when he sees her. He's impressed and a bit aroused. They go through the raunchy bar and find out that DA Crenshaw's in a private room. Phil gives Claire a pep talk, telling her to "pop that koochie". They go towards the private room and are told to look at the camera. They're both let inside, because Crenshaw wants Phil as well. He's appalled, but Claire gives him the same pep talk, telling him to "swing that pole." Inside, they see DA Crenshaw, sitting in a corner, living it up with three hookers at his side. He sees them and says he likes Claire and Phil also, as he thinks he's androgynous. He tells them to dance on a pole. The Fosters do a rather vanilla dance, which the DA doesn't like. So they "spice it up," quite awkwardly and hilariously, but finally the DA starts to like it a lot. After the dance, the DA is interested and asks them how much for a night with Claire. Phil and Claire introduce themselves as "the Tripplehorns." Just then, the dirty cops show up and, holding guns at them, take them to the roof of the bar. Crenshaw tells Phil that if he doesnt hand over the drive immediately, he'll have Claire's arms broken. Phil lies, saying that the drive is with Holbrooke. Collins confirms that Holbrooke is ex-military and the "real deal." Just then, Miletto enters with his goons and also asks about the flash drive. Phil lets slip that the drive contained pornographic pictures of DA Crenshaw. Crenshaw is shocked and confronts Miletto, saying he thought they were ledgers that proved he was corrupt. Miletto tells him that he was protecting him. The situation deteriorates and soon all the bad guys are holding guns at each other, in a Mexican Standoff. Claire starts to freak out, but Phil calms her down, telling her to do the "one-two-three warning." She gets mad and yells at everyone that she's had it and that everybody had better put their guns down before she counts to three. ONE... TWO..... THREE! At the count of three, the cops burst in and soon all bad guys are arrested, without a shot being fired. Detective Arroyo approaches the Fosters and takes them aside. Phil gives her a tape of the incriminating conversations among the bad guys. She has the DA and Miletto arrested on quite a few charges, including prostitution. She asks the Fosters what their story is. Claire tiredly replies that they're just a boring couple that wanted to have a nice quiet dinner. She offers to drop them home, but Phil says that he promised his wife a good meal. They go to a diner, where they eat pancakes. They say they should do this again soon, except without the guns and violence. He tells Claire he'd choose her, 'every time.' Claire smiles and sits next to Phil on his side of the booth. They return home by late morning. At the door, they lay down on the lawn and kiss for a looong time.
tt0203009
Drama,Musical,Romance
In the year 1900, a depressed writer named Christian begins writing on his typewriter ("Nature Boy"). One year earlier, Christian moved to the Montmartre district of Paris to become a writer among members of the area's Bohemian movement. He encounters performers led by Toulouse-Lautrec; his writing skills allow them to finish their proposed show, "Spectacular Spectacular", that they wish to sell to Harold Zidler, owner of the Moulin Rouge. The group arrives at the Moulin Rouge as Zidler and his "Diamond Dog Dancers" perform for the audience ("Lady Marmalade/Zidler's Rap (Can Can)/Smells Like Teen Spirit"). Toulouse arranges for Christian to see Satine, the star courtesan, in her private quarters to present the work, unaware that Zidler is promising Satine to the wealthy and unscrupulous Duke of Monroth, a potential investor in the cabaret ("Sparkling Diamonds" medley). Satine mistakes Christian for the Duke, and dances with him before retiring to her private chamber with him to discuss things privately ("Rhythm of the Night), but soon learns he is just a writer; by this time Christian has fallen in love with her ("Your Song"). The Duke interrupts them; Christian and Satine claim they were practicing lines for "Spectacular Spectacular". With Zidler's help, Toulouse and the rest of the troupe pitch the show to the Duke with an improvised plot about an evil maharajah attempting to woo an Indian courtesan who loves a poor sitar player ("The Pitch (Spectacular Spectacular)"). The Duke backs the show on the condition that only he may see Satine. Satine contemplates on Christian and her longing to leave the Moulin Rouge to become "a real actress" ("One Day I'll Fly Away"). Christian goes back to Satine to convince her that she loves him ("Elephant Love Medley"). As the cabaret is converted to a theater, Christian and Satine continue seeing each other under the pretense of rehearsing Satine's lines. The Duke becomes jealous and warns Zidler that he may stop financing the show; Zidler arranges for Satine to dine with the Duke that evening, but she falls ill from tuberculosis ("Grecki"). Zidler makes excuses to the Duke, claiming that Satine has gone to confession ("Like a Virgin"). Zidler learns that Satine does not have long to live. Satine tells Christian that their relationship endangers the show, but he counters by writing a secret love song to affirm their love ("Come What May"). As the Duke watches Christian rehearsing with Satine, Nini, a jealous performer, points out that the play is a metaphor for Christian, Satine and the Duke. Enraged, the Duke demands the ending be changed so that the courtesan ends up with the maharajah; Satine offers to spend the night with the Duke to keep the original ending. At the Duke's quarters, Satine sees Christian on the streets below, and realizes she cannot go through with this ("El Tango de Roxanne: "Roxanne/Tanguera"). The Duke tries to rape her, but she is saved by Le Chocolat, one of the cabaret dancers, and reunited with Christian, who urges her to run away with him. The Duke tells Zidler he will have Christian killed if Satine is not his. Zidler reiterates this warning to Satine, but when she refuses to return, he finally informs her she is dying ("A Fool to Believe"). Satine tells Christian they can no longer see each other as she will be staying with the Duke ("The Show Must Go On"). Christian tries following her, but is denied entry to the Moulin Rouge, and becomes depressed, even though Toulouse insists that Satine loves him. The night of the show, Christian sneaks into the Moulin Rouge, intending to pay Satine to return his love just as the Duke paid for her ("Hindi Sad Diamonds"). He catches Satine before she steps on stage and demands she tell him she does not love him. Suddenly they find themselves in the spotlight; Zidler convinces the audience that Christian is the disguised sitar player. Christian denounces Satine and walks off the stage. From the rafters, Toulouse cries out, "The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return", spurring Satine to sing the song Christian wrote to express their love. Christian returns to the stage, joining her in the song. The Duke's bodyguard tries to kill Christian, but is thwarted, while the Duke's own attempt is stopped by Zidler. The Duke storms out of the cabaret as Christian and Satine complete their song ("Come What May (Reprise)", "Coup d'tat (Finale)"). After the curtain closes, Satine succumbs to tuberculosis. She and Christian affirm their love before she dies. A year later the Moulin Rouge has closed down, and Christian is writing the tale of his love for Satine, a "love that will live forever" ("Nature Boy (Reprise)").
tt0461770
Animation,Comedy,Family
The movie begins with a narration (Julie Andrews) about the animated fairytale land of Andalasia. The Evil Queen Narissa (Susan Sarandon) wants to keep her throne as long as she can so has tried to keep her step-son, Prince Edward (James Marsden) away from the fair maidens so he will not get married and she will not lose her throne. The scene shifts to a traditionally animated world, where Giselle (Amy Adams) is making a statue of the true love she has dreamed of. Her animal friends, including her best friend chipmunk Pip, help her make the statue and find the perfect pair of lips, as lips and true love's kiss is the most important thing in the world. At the same time, we see Prince Edward (James Marsden) hunting ogres with servant Nathaniel and he hears Giselle's song. He starts towards Giselle's home, but Nathaniel (Timothy Spall), in fear that the Queen will be furious if Edward falls for Giselle, lets an ogre after Giselle. Giselle is chased out of her home into the trees, but is saved by Pip, who uses his surprisingly heavy weight to offset the balance of the ogre. Giselle tumbles from the trees right into Edward's lap. The two are smitten with each other and decide to wed the following day. Little do they know Narissa has been watching from her evil lair, and plans to stop the wedding for good. Giselle arrives at the castle the next day and is met by Nathaniel who locks her animal friends out of the wedding. She is stopped by an old hag, who is actually a disguised Narissa, who tricks into going to a wishing well. When Giselle closes her eyes, Narissa pushes her into the well, and tells Nathaniel she's sent Giselle to "a place where there are no happily ever afters." Giselle falls for a long time, until she hits a manhole cover, at which point the movie suddenly changes to live action. Giselle pushes open the manhole cover she has ended up under, climbs out, and finds herself in the middle of Times Square. Giselle tries to find the nearest castle in order to get home. After a series of misfortunes - first causing a minor traffic accident, getting caught up in a crowd heading into the subway, causing her to eventually end up at Bowery on the Lower East Side, and finally getting mugged of her tiara by a homeless man - she manages to find the castle she thinks she's looking for; specifically, a casino billboard. At this point, we shift to Robert Phillip (Patrick Dempsey), a divorce lawyer dealing in a divorce settlement meeting. The couple in question is fighting over a Hank Aaron baseball card when his secretary (Jodi Benson) interrupts to tell him it is time to pick up his daughter, Morgan. She asks Robert if he has told Morgan about his plans to marry his girlfriend Nancy Tremaine (Idina Menzel), to which he says no. During the taxi ride home, Robert gives Morgan a present; not the fairy tale book she wanted, but instead a book on inspirational women including Madame Curie and Rosa Parks. He uses the book to explain his plan to marry Nancy, to which Morgan is a little uncertain of. By coincidence, the taxi happens to stop by the corner where the billboard Giselle is knocking on is located. Robert follows her and ends up catching Giselle when she falls off the sign. Morgan instantly believes she is a princess and wants to help her while Robert thinks she is absolutely crazy. They end up bringing her to their apartment where Giselle ends up falling asleep on the couch while Robert calls her a car. He lets her stay overnight when he sees she is sleeping, but tells Morgan to sleep in his room for the night. Giselle wakes up the next morning and sees the unkept appearance of the apartment. She goes to the window and uses her call to summon all of the vermin in the area (all the roaches, flies, rats, and pigeons) to help her clean the house (momentarily causing commotion as rats scurry out of a sewer). A one-legged pigeon drops a plate while cleaning, which wakes up Morgan and Robert. The two attempt to get rid of the animals and Robert talks to Giselle as she is about to get into the shower. At the same time, Nancy arrives to bring Morgan to school and gets the wrong idea when she sees Giselle in a towel with Robert and leaves. Robert follows her, but by the time he gets to the street, she's already climbed into a taxi. Back in the animated Andalasia, Pip tells Edward what has happened to Giselle. Edward and Pip dive down the well to New York, having an incident when Edward holds a sewer worker named Artie at swordpoint before running off into traffic, and Pip realizing he can now only communicate with chipmunk squeaks. Queen Narissa is upset about this and flirts with Nathaniel in order to convince him that he must go as well to stop Edward from finding Giselle. Nathaniel then goes to Times Square as well. Robert comes back to see that Giselle has cut up his curtains to make a new dress. He gets angry with her, an emotion she has never seen, and the two take Morgan to school. Robert brings Giselle to work and leaves her with the secretary while he meets with the same divorcing couple as the day before. Narissa sees Robert trying to help Giselle through the fish tank in the office (she pops up all over the place, wherever water is available) and is clearly not happy. Nathaniel arrives in New York, where he immediately spots Edward - riding on the roof of an MTA bus under the delusion that it is a great steel beast. He stabs his sword through the roof of the bus, ripping open an old lady's bag. After being told off by the short-tempered bus driver (who goes nuts when Pip lands on her head, leading her to think he's a rat), Edward leaves with Pip. They go to lunch at a food court, where Nathaniel disguises himself as a chef to go into a kitchen to communicate with Narissa through a boiling pot of soup. Narissa produces three poisoned apples, and tells Nathaniel to make sure Giselle takes a bite of one to kill her. Pip hears this and tries to explain through charades to Edward (involving ice cubes for the apples) the evil plan, as he cannot speak in the real world. Unfortunately, Edward is a little bit dense and does not understand. Nathaniel tells Edward they should split up to look for Giselle and they go their separate ways. At the close of his meeting, Robert comes to see Giselle and the secretary tells Robert about how crazy Giselle is. Meanwhile, Giselle begins talking to the divorcing couple and cries about the fate of their marriage when she finds out they are separating. Robert sees she is ruining his case and brings her to Central Park where he plans to leave her. He gives her money and says goodbye, but she gives the money away and he catches up to her and walks with her. He asks about her prince and she explains they have only known each other for a day, which surprises him because he has known Nancy for five years. He explains the concept of dating to her, which she has never heard of before this. At that point, they run into Nathaniel, disguised as an apple cart vendor, and sells Giselle the first of his poisoned apples in the form of a caramel apple on a stick. This one fails to work because Giselle accidentally throws it when passionately talking about love, and it lodges in a passing bicyclist's helmet - burning through his helmet and hair, leaving a bald spot on his scalp. Giselle, meanwhile, explains how she knows that she is in love and that true love's kiss is the most powerful thing in the world and she wouldn't want to wait any longer for that. This culminates in a blown up dance number that involves basically every performer in Central Park ("That's How You Know"). Edward hears her singing again and tries to chase her down, but gets run over by the bicyclists, including the one who got the poisoned apple in his hair. Giselle helps Robert make up with Nancy by sending her flowers and getting him to invite her to a ball, which is far more romantic or spontaneous than he usually is. He explains to her that he only wants to help Giselle and a happy Nancy forgives him. We see Edward and Nathaniel have checked into a motel in Brooklyn to rest. While Edward flips through channels on the TV (which he thinks is a magic mirror), Nathaniel traps Pip in the closet and goes after Giselle. We catch up with Giselle and Robert at a pizza place where she asks if they are on a date. He says that people dont bring their children on dates and we then see Morgan is there as well. He talks to Giselle about his wife, who left him and Morgan for no real reason, which makes him very emotional. Giselle explains to him that his dreams still can come true and then Nathaniel appears, disguised as a waiter, to deliver Giselle the second poisoned apple, this time ground up into a martini. Robert jokes that those are poisonous and Pip shows up trying to stop Giselle from drinking the martini. People in the restaurant panic when they see Pip on the table, but he manages to communicate to Giselle that Edward is in New York. Nathaniel spots him, and a chase between the two ensues. Pip tries to hide under a pizza, but Nathaniel takes the pizza and flings it into the oven. Pip is swung free at the last second and goes flying into a nearby glass jar, but Giselle thinks he is killed in the oven and is heartbroken. Back at the hotel room, Edward sees Giselle being interviewed about the rodent attack on TV and leaves the hotel room to find her. Upon finding the correct building he knocks on every single door in the building, finding a bunch of interesting people at each door. We see Giselle then telling Morgan a bedtime story while Robert watches and smiles. She leaves the room and Robert begins trying to tell her that perhaps Edward will not come for her after all, which she gets angry about, saying that all he ever says is no. The two share a special moment as she is excited about feeling angry, and Robert leaves, though both of them clearly feel a connection to one another. We cut to Nathaniel in the pizza place at the bar where he is talking to Narissa, who is in his drink, and she is very disappointed in him. She tells him that she is now coming to New York to get Giselle herself, and in anger breaks all the glass at the bar including the one Pip is stuck in. The next morning Robert awakes to see that Giselle has made herself another dress and smiles at this. The three sit down to breakfast when Prince Edward knocks on the door. He and Giselle are reunited, though it is not the same between them, not that Prince Edward would notice. She tells him that she wants to go on a date with him before they leave for Andalasia and he agrees. She leaves Robert and Morgan, who are very sad to see her go. At work Robert meets with the divorce clients who were touched by Giselle and have decided to stay together. Meanwhile, Giselle and Edward are on their date, but Giselle seems reluctant to leave New York. Edward offers to take her to a ball being held that evening, but only if they can return to Andalasia after. Giselle goes back to Morgan and tells her that she is going to the ball, to which Morgan takes Roberts emergency credit card and the two go shopping. They stop for a haircut and pedicure, where the two bond over not having mothers, but enjoying their shopping time together. Night falls and Narissa arrives and heads towards the ball. Nancy and Robert have already arrived as Giselle and Edward make their entrance. Robert and Giselle see each other and the couples meet and greet. Edward introduces Giselle as the love of his life, to which an impressed Nancy says is so bold and romantic. A dance is announced where you dance with someone other than your date. Edward asks Nancy to dance, leaving Robert and Giselle together. The two engage in a very passionate and romantic dance that reaffirms their feelings for one another. At the end of this dance, Edward and Giselle plan to leave and he goes to get her wrap. Narissa, in her old hag disguise, shows up as Giselle is sadly watching Nancy and Robert and offers her an apple that will make her forget all the bad memories. Terrified, but wanting to forget the pain she feels, she bites the apple and promptly collapses, unconscious. Narissa drags her into an elevator that she creates and turns back into Narissa just as Edward stops the elevator door from closing. Narissa feigns ignorance when Nathaniel, whose opinion of Narissa has changed ever since he watched a soap opera a few days earlier, shows up and explains her evil plan. Narissa explains Giselle will die at midnight and Robert remembers what Giselle said about true love's kiss being powerful and tells Edward to kiss her. He attempts kissing her several times, but it does not wake her. Robert then knows that he is the true love and doesn't know if he should kiss her. Nancy realizes that he truly loves Giselle and allows him to kiss her. He kisses Giselle just as the clock strikes midnight, but it works and Giselle is revived. They embrace as the dancers applaud. Furious at how the tables have turned, Narissa refuses to give up the throne, and explodes into a fiery purple dragon. She threatens to end Giselle first, but when Robert stands in her way, she picks him up instead and carries him out the window and up the building. Giselle runs after them, leaving her shoe behind. Narissa climbs to the highest point of the building with Robert in hand. Giselle arrives and distracts Narissa with Edward's sword, but it does little damage. Pip, who had been stuck in a gerbil ball, is released by Edward and once again uses his weight to throw Narissa off balance. She drops Robert and tumbles off the bulding to her death, exploding into sparkles. Robert manages to hold on to the building, but slips and drops into Giselle's arms. Once out of danger, the two reaffirm their love for each other and kiss. After the fact, Nancy is in the ballroom and sees Giselle's missing shoe. Edward comes and asks if she could try it on for him. In a homage to Cinderella, Nancy puts the shoe on and it fits perfectly. Edward and Nancy leave New York together and head home to Andalasia. Every character has their own happy ending. Nancy and Edward get married, Nathaniel writes a best-seller about his personal struggles (as does Pip back in Andalasia), and Giselle begins a clothing line. Robert, Giselle, and Morgan now live happily together as a perfect family. "And so, they all lived happily ever after."
tt1859650
Comedy,Music,Romance
To Rome with Love follows four different concurrent but unrelated plotlines taking place in the Eternal City. American tourist Hayley falls in love and becomes engaged to Italian pro bono lawyer Michelangelo while spending a summer in Rome. Her parents, Jerry and Phyllis, fly to Italy to meet her fianc and his parents. Jerry happens to hear Giancarlos (Michelangelo's father) beautiful operatic voice while the latter sings in the shower. As a former admittedly avant-garde and critically reviled opera director, Jerry feels inspired to bring Giancarlos gift to the public. Although Giancarlo protests that he sings for himself and doesnt want to go professional, Jerry pushes the issue until Giancarlo agrees to audition in front of a room of opera bigwigs. Outside the safety of his shower, Giancarlos confidence abandons him. He makes faces and he is humiliated. Michelangelo, who attended the audition too, accuses Jerry of using his father to achieve some level of fame for himself. It occurs to Jerry that Giancarlo, like most people, sings the most confidently when he has some measure of privacy. In Giancarlos case, he performs best in his shower. Giancarlo, naked but for a towel, premieres at the Teatro dellOpera di Roma. Jerry has built him a shower onstage, and Giancarlo sings as he washes. The opera attendees love his strange performance, so Jerry and Giancarlo decide to stage Pagliacci, shower and all. Again, Giancarlos rich voice mesmerizes the crowd, and he receives rave reviews though Jerry's direction is once again utterly reviled, a fact he is not aware of since he doesn't understand Italian. Giancarlo decides to retire from opera singing, because he prefers working as a mortician and spending time with his family though he appreciates being given the chance to live his dream of performing Pagliacci. Newlyweds Antonio and Milly move from their rustic hometown to Rome because Antonios posh uncles have offered him a job in their familys business. The couple check into their hotel, and Milly decides to pop down to the salon to fix her hair. When the concierge informs her that theres no available appointments, Milly decides to go to a nearby salon but becomes hopelessly lost. When she attempts to answer a call from Antonio, she accidentally drops her phone through the slats of a sewer grate. Defeated, Milly eventually sits down on the edge of a fountain. When she looks up she sees one of her favorite actresses, Pia Fusari, about to shoot a scene. Pia invites Milly to watch her film, and Milly becomes even more excited when she learns her celebrity crush Luca Salta is also in the film. After the scene wraps, Pia introduces Milly to Luca, who invites Milly out to lunch with him. Meanwhile, Antonio is back at their hotel. Hes desperate to find Milly, because his relatives will soon arrive to take them out to lunch. Someone knocks at the door, and, thinking that Milly has returned, he rushes to answer it in his underwear. Anna, a prostitute, bursts into his room. She has mistaken him for a client, and she refuses to leave until they have sex. Anna wrestles Antonio to the bed, but his relatives interrupt them before anything untoward happens. His uncles mistake Anna for Milly, and when it becomes too complicated to explain the truth, Antonio goes along with the ruse. He convinces Anna to pretend shes Milly for the afternoon. Eventually the group dines at the same restaurant that Luca takes Milly. Antonio seethes with jealousy as Luca flirts with Milly. Lastly, Antonios uncles and aunts take him to a fancy party so he can meet important Italian dignitaries. Antonio has nothing in common with the men his uncles introduce him to; coincidentally, most of the male guests are Annas clients. Anna and Antonio go for a walk in the garden, and Antonio talks about how pure and good Milly is. When Anna finds out he was a virgin before he met Milly, she seduces him in the bushes. Luca brings Milly to his hotel room. He also tries to seduce her. Luca complements Milly's charm, but she doesnt know if she can cheat on Antonio. She goes into the bathroom to get some perspective, and she ultimately decides to have sex with Luca. As Milly strips, a man with a gun jumps out of the shower. He takes Milly into the bedroom and demands that she and Luca give him their money and their jewelry. Suddenly, Lucas wife and her private investigator begin banging on the hotel rooms door. Mrs. Salta wants photographic proof of her husbands indiscretions, and the prospect of divorce frightens Luca more than the burglar. Milly and the burglar climb into bed and fool Mrs. Salta into believing the hotel room is theirs while Luca hides in the bathroom. Once his wife has left, Luca runs off, and the burglar begins flirting with Milly. She has sex with him instead. When she returns to the hotel room, she and Antonio decide to return to their rustic hometown. Their love life has been reinvigorated. Leopoldo lives a mundane life with his wife and two children. The best part of his day is watching his bosss beautiful secretary Serafina walk around the office. Inexplicably, he wakes up one morning to discover that he has become a national celebrity. Paparazzi document his every movement. Reporters ask him what hes had for breakfast, if he wears boxers or briefs, whether he thinks it will rain. Leopoldo even becomes a manager at his company, and Serafina sleeps with him. He begins dating models and attending fancy film premieres. The constant attention wears on him, though. One day, in the middle of interviewing Leopoldo, the paparazzi spot a man who looks more interesting, and they abandon Leopoldo. At first, Leopoldo welcomes the return to his old life. But one afternoon he breaks down when no one asks for his autograph. Leopoldo has learned that life can be monotonous and wearying whether one is a celebrity or a normal man. Still, its much better to be a weary celebrity than it is to be a weary regular man. John, a well-known architect, and his wife are visiting Rome with friends. John lived there some thirty years ago, and hed rather check out his old haunts than go sightseeing with the others. John meets Jack, an American architecture student, while hes looking for his old apartment building. Jack happens to live there and invites John up to the apartment he shares with his girlfriend Sally. Sally tells Jack that she invited her best friend Monica to stay with them while she recovers from a rough breakup. According to Sally, Monica gives off a sexual vibe that drives men crazy. John predicts Monica will bring trouble, but Jack cant imagine why he would be attracted to his girlfriends best friend. Monica arrives, and one of her first conversations with Jack is about her intense sexual relationship with a lingerie model. Because Sally has classes, she often asks Jack to show Monica around Rome. Monica impresses Jack with her knowledge of literature and art. Meanwhile, John keeps telling Jack that Monica will lead him to trouble and criticizes her pseudo-intellectual facade (these interjections always appear surrealistic, implying that John is somehow Jack's conscience personified). Even though John cautions Jack against cheating with Monica, he cannot help but succumb to her charms. Sally sets Monica up with one of their friends, and Jack is jealous of their relationship. One night he and Monica decide to cook dinner for Sally and her boyfriend. They flirt more and more until Jack summons the courage to kiss Monica. She returns his passion, and they go down to his car to have sex. The next morning, they decide Jack should wait until Sally finishes her midterms for Jack to break up with her. The trio go out for lunch after Sallys finals, and when theyre alone Jack tells Monica he plans to dump her that night. They make plans to travel to Greece and Sicily together. Suddenly, Monica, an actress, receives a phone call from her agent. She can barely contain her excitement as she tells Jack that shes been offered a role in a Hollywood blockbuster. She will film in Los Angeles and Tokyo for the next four months. At the drop of a hat, Monica becomes completely focused on preparing for the role. She forgets about traveling with Jack, and he realizes how shallow she is. John and Jack walk back to the Roman street corner where they met and part ways forever.
tt0347149
Animation,Adventure,Family
Over a quaint area of land, shrouded by fog, a lone herder guides his sheep to pasture as a gigantic, metallic structure moves on four spindly legs into the highlands where the cloud cover quickly consumes it. In a nearby city, young Sophie (English: Emily Mortimer Japanese: Chieko Baish) sits at her window sewing adornments on a hat. Her boss enters and tells her the store is closing before inviting her out. Sophie politely declines. Some of her coworkers chatter excitedly and point outside. Sophie looks and sees the metallic object vanishing in the far off hills. The so-called 'castle', as the girls call it, belongs to a reclusive wizard named Howl (English: Christian Bale Japanese: Takuya Kimura) who is reputed to steal the hearts of beautiful young women. The girls joke about whether they will be preyed upon as they leave. Sophie finishes her hat and exits the store alone. She takes a trolley downtown and decides to cut through an alleyway since a parade of soldiers is moving down the main street. As she appears to look for a particular address, she bumps into a couple of soldiers who begin to flirt with her. Sophie explains that her sister is waiting for her, but the soldiers refuse to let her leave. She then backs up into a handsome young man who drapes his arm around her, claiming to have been looking for her. With a quick gesture, he forces the soldiers into a straight stance and sends them marching down the alley. He then offers to escort Sophie wherever she needs to go and tells her not to be alarmed, but he's being followed. As they walk down the alley, a number of globular shadows appear out of the walls and begin to rush towards them. The mysterious man apologizes for getting Sophie involved and, as the shadows are about to merge on them, puts his arm around her waist before leaping high into the air. As they hover above the rooftops, he instructs her to start walking. They step through the air together and the man sets Sophie down on the balcony of her sister's bakery. He tells her he will draw off their pursuers and that she should wait a bit before going outside again, and then leaves. Downstairs, Sophie's sister, Lettie (Jena Malone), is told of her arrival. She rushes upstairs to tell Sophie that she was seen floating onto the balcony with a strange man. Sophie recalls the experience as if it was a dream and later explains to Lettie that the man must have been a wizard. Lettie advises her on the dangers of trusting wizards and that, if it had been Howl, he would have surely stolen her heart. Melancholy, Sophie notes that Howl only preys upon 'pretty' girls. Lettie resigns to this statement and warns Sophie to be careful, regardless, and that even the Witch of the Wastes (English: Lauren Bacall Japanese: Akihiro Miwa) is on the move. Lettie asks if Sophie will spend the rest of her life in the hat shop, but Sophie reminds her that the store was important to their father. Lettie tells Sophie that she should live her own life before Sophie leaves. Sophie arrives back at the hat shop and locks the door behind her but, as she's putting her hat away, a large and elegant woman enters through the door. Sophie tells her the shop is closed but the woman ignores her and insults the shop, calling it tacky. Growing angry, Sophie once again asks the woman to leave but is reprimanded for standing up to the Witch of the Wastes. Before she can react, the Witch flies towards Sophie and flows over her like a windswept fabric, covering her in dark magic. The Witch glides back to the door and asks Sophie to give her regards to Howl before closing the door behind her. She leaves quickly in a sedan chair carried by two Shadow Men; the same globular figures that pursued Sophie earlier. When Sophie finally looks up, she is horrified to discover that shes been aged into an elderly woman. She struggles to stay calm despite her haggard appearance. The next morning, her mother (English: Mari Devon) arrives at the shop to hear that Sophie is locked in her room, apparently ill. When she leaves, Sophie gets up and tries to motivate herself; accepting that now, at least, her clothes are appropriate for her age and decides that can't stay at the shop. She packs a few things and leaves town, catching conversation on the streets that the prince of another country has gone missing and that war is imminent. Sophie hitches a ride out of town and heads for the mountains, despite the driver's warning that there's nothing out there but witches and wizards. After a while she takes a rest to eat the food she's packed and notices a stick protruding out of a nearby bush. Deciding it will make a nice walking cane, she yanks it out with some force and realizes that its a scarecrow which is somehow standing on its own. She names it Turnip-head before strolling away. Turnip-head follows Sophie, hopping along on its pole, despite her objections to having dealt with enough magic for the day. As the sky grows darker and the wind picks up, Sophie struggles up the hillside. Turnip-head fetches a walking stick for her which she gratefully accepts before asking if there is a place where she can find shelter. Turnip-head bounces away and Sophie muses to herself how clever she's gotten to have convinced him to leave. However, Turnip-head soon returns, to Sophie's shock, with Howl's Castle close behind. Though it is the last thing Sophie was thinking of when she asked for shelter, she discovers a back door hanging from the rear of the castle as it walks over her. She runs for the door and is allowed entry. Nothing stirs within and there is no light save for a single fire set on a large hearth. Sophie sits herself down on a chair in front of the fire, commenting how the place is less like a castle and more like a living room overstuffed with junk. Still, in her old age she realizes nothing scares her anymore and begins to doze off. Suddenly, the fire in front of her conjures eyes and notes that Sophie has quite a curse on her. It introduces itself as a powerful fire demon named Calcifer (English: Billy Crystal Japanese: Tatsuya Gashin) and offers to relieve Sophie's curse if she helps him with his. Sophie asks if he can be trusted and denies his proposal but he pleads with her and claims that his master, Howl, keeps him under a tight regimen. Falling asleep, Sophie relents and agrees to help him though, as he watches her, Calcifer doubts her ability. In a bayside town, two officials approach a building and knock on the door. The sound awakens Sophie who looks to the door with some confusion before a young boy comes down the stairs. Sophie feigns sleep again as the boy approaches and Calcifer mentions the knock came from the Porthaven door. The boy, Markl (English: Josh Hutcherson Japanese: Rynosuke Kamiki), dons a magical disguise that makes him appear like an old man and answers the door after turning a color-coded knob. Sophie looks over curiously and is amazed to see that the door has opened to a new area. The officials at the door ask for the Wizard Jenkins and inform Markl that he's been summoned to lend his magical assistance to the war effort. Markl accepts the notice and shuts the door before addressing Sophie who's giving Calcifer fresh wood. She tells Markl that Calcifer allowed her inside but Calcifer objects, saying she simply wandered in from the wastes. Markl wonders aloud if Sophie is a witch but a knock at the door draws his attention away. He opens it to help a young customer who asks if Sophie is a witch. Sophie responds that she's the scariest witch of them all before the customer is sent off with her potion. Markl tells Sophie not to lie to customers and, when she points out his own disguise, informs her that he needs to practice his magic. When another knock sounds on the door, Markl opens the door to reveal the capital city of Kingsbury where another pair of officials requests the assistance of the Wizard Pendragon. Amazed, Sophie tries the knob out for herself, finding that each color represents a different location. When she asks about a fourth, black setting on the wheel, Markl says that only Howl knows where it leads. Markl begins to make breakfast for himself and Sophie notices a basket of eggs and bacon. She offers to make something for him but he explains that Calcifer only obeys Howl. However, Sophie manages to force Calcifer into obedience by threatening to dump water on him or, worse, tell Howl of their secret agreement. Calcifer reluctantly agrees to obey and cook the food while Markl, amazed at Sophie's willpower, fetches a kettle to boil tea. The knob beside the door turns to the black setting and the handsome stranger Sophie met the day before walks in. Sophie is startled when Markl addresses him as Master Howl and tries to calmly continue cooking before introducing herself as his new cleaning lady, hired by Calcifer. Howl gently pushes her aside and takes over the cooking, feeding the eggshells to Calcifer. The three then sit down to eat and Howl asks Sophie what she has in her pocket. She reaches in and is surprised to find a red note hidden there. She hands it to Howl and, as it touches his fingers, the note bursts into flame and burns an inscription on the table from the Witch of the Wastes. The encrypted message reads that Howl's heart will soon belong to her. Howl rubs the message off the table, looking pained as he does so, before feeding Calcifer his breakfast and instructing him to heat hot water for his bath and move the castle further to the west. He then heads for the door, calling back to Sophie not to get too carried away cleaning, and leaves through the black portal. Markl questions if Sophie is working for the Witch of the Wastes, but Sophie angrily denies it, her mouth abruptly sealing shut before she can utter a word about her curse, and promises to throttle the witch the next time she sees her. She orders Markl to finish his breakfast and furiously begins cleaning. Markl does his best to move extra things outside and warns customers to return later as there is a 'witch on the rampage inside'. Having cleaned most of the room, Sophie goes to remove the ashes from the hearth while Calcifer warns her that he may go out. She ignores his whining and moves the last bit of wood to hang over a pot with Calcifer clinging to it, his round lower half dangling. As she takes the ashes outside, Calcifer falls and smolders in the pot. When Sophie comes back inside she sees Howl standing over the hearth, encouraging Calcifer to reignite on new logs of wood. He calmly advises her not to torment his friend before leaving once again. Sophie goes upstairs to clean and tells Markl to put away whatever he doesn't want thrown out. After noticing the particularly dirty bathroom, Sophie sees the castle moving outside. She walks out onto a balcony, standing a bit straighter, and admires the high view of the countryside. She calls down to Calcifer, complimenting him on his spark which pleases him greatly. Markl joins Sophie outside and notices a long pole sticking out of one of the castles recesses. Recognizing it, Sophie pulls Turnip-head out of the hole. He regains his stance and bounces on the roof of the castle. Markl asks Sophie if she is, indeed, a witch to which she responds that she's the worst kind; the kind that cleans. Later, Calcifer sets the castle down by a mountain lake and Markl and Turnip-head help Sophie string out the laundry. Markl suggests that Turnip-head is a demon but Sophie says that, if that's true, he must be a good demon since he led her here. She sits by the side of the lake and sighs to Markl that she's never felt more at peace. Meanwhile, Howl flies in a bird-like form over a fiery landscape, watching as large airships drop bombs. A number of menacing winged creatures fly towards him but he swiftly eludes them and escapes through a break in the clouds, sealing it shut behind him. Back at the castle, the door opens and Howl walks through, his wings drooping and his feathers scorched. He sits in the chair in front of Calcifer's hearth and, with difficulty, transforms back into his human self. Calcifer warns him that, if he continues to transform, it will be harder to become human again but cheerfully shows Howl the extra firewood Sophie left for him. Howl admits that the war is getting worse and other wizards have been recruited to fight, most having gotten to the point where they can't remember being human. He asks Calcifer to heat water for his bath and stops by a curtain drawn to the side of the room. He pulls it back to see Sophie sleeping in her youthful form and considers her a moment before going upstairs. The sound of the water running awakens Sophie, once again elderly. That day, Sophie and Markl walk to the Porthaven market to buy food. Near the harbor, a crowd of people suddenly comes together as a battle-ravaged ship arrives at port. Sophie urges Markl to leave as she notices a shadow man scouring the crowd. An enemy airship flies overhead, dropping bombs into the harbor and sending leaflets of propaganda falling to the ground. Sophie and Markl rush back to Wizard Jenkins' shop and shut the door. Suddenly, Howl comes running down the stairs with a towel wrapped around his waist, howling and clutching his hair, turned from blonde to a vivid red. He yells at Sophie for getting carried away and ruining his bath potions. She defends herself, saying she merely moved things about but Howl is inconsolable. He sits down and moans that he looks hideous, turning his hair black and saying that there's no point to living if he can't be beautiful. The room begins to shake and shadows stretch. Markl says that Howl is summoning spirits of darkness and did this once when a girl dumped him. When Sophie tries to comfort him, Howl's body begins to excrete ooze. Nervous and growing upset, Sophie yells at him that she's never felt beautiful in her life and runs outside into the Wastes where she begins to cry in the rain. Turnip-head approaches her with an umbrella which cheers her up and Markl runs out to get her. Sophie goes back inside to find Howl slumped over the hearth, his ooze threatening to extinguish Calcifer, and tells a worried Markl that he's just throwing a tantrum. Sophie helps him up and carts him upstairs where she instructs Markl to clean him. Howl is put to bed and rests as Sophie comes in, offering him some warm milk, which he silently refuses. As she gets up to leave, Howl asks her to stay. He explains that the Witch of the Wastes is looking for him and admits that he's a coward for hiding, which is what most of his magic is put towards. When Sophie inquires, Howl says that, at one time, the Witch was very beautiful and Howl decided to pursue her only to find out that she really wasn't. So he ran away. Sophie sighs in exasperation and Howl says that he knows he can't hide for much longer now that both of his pseudonyms have been summoned to the palace to serve in the war effort. The oath he swore in the Royal Sorcery Academy requires him to answer the summons. Howl claims that the war is folly and asserts that Sophie doesn't understand how these people are despite her belief that the king should know what his subjects think. Suddenly, Howl sits up and proposes that Sophie go to the palace in Kingsbury, pretending to be Pendragon's mother, and convince the king that Howl is of no use to him. Sophie reluctantly agrees. She puts on her hat and Howl uses his magic to bring some color back into her dress. Before she leaves, he gives her a ring to wear that he says will guarantee her safety and promises to follow her in disguise. Though Sophie is skeptical of the plan's success, she tries to figure what kind of disguise Howl may take as she walks towards the palace. She figures a pigeon or a crow would be too flamboyant but, as a small plane flies by with a young lady giggling beside her pilot, Sophie muses the pilot could be Howl. As she continues, she's soon accompanied by a small dog (Daijir Harada). She asks if it's Howl and takes its weak bark as confirmation. As she approaches the steps to the palace, two shadow men carrying the Witch of the Wastes' sedan chair come up beside her. The Witch peeks out and thanks Sophie for delivering her note and asks how Howl is. Sophie replies curtly that Howl has been a big baby since she started work for him, so she's come to the palace to request another job. The Witch brags that she's been summoned for her skills in magic and is going to see Madam Suliman (Blythe Danner Japanese: Haruko Kat), the king's sorcerer, who has finally seen what talent the Witch has. Sophie asks, if the Witch is so talented, why she doesn't remove her curse. The Witch responds that she only casts spells and cannot break them, leaving Sophie irritated. As the shadow men approach the steps to the palace, they trigger a spell which renders them useless. A guard announces that the Witch must continue on foot which she does with frustration. Sophie soon catches up to her but finds that she must carry the dog up the high stairs. Though struggling, she manages to pass the Witch as she trundles upward, sweating profusely. Sophie makes it to the top and asks the Witch why she doesn't just give up, but the Witch refuses saying that she's waited 50 years for a summon since Suliman banished her to the Wastes. By the time the Witch makes it up, she's terribly disheveled and Sophie notes that she looks older. They walk into a lobby together, with the dog in tow, where a lone chair sits. The Witch claims it and sits down, relieved, while Sophie is led into a side passage. Large bulbs around the lobby suddenly light up, casting long shadows on the Witch, forming dark figures. The Witch cries out as they move around her in a circle. The dog leads Sophie into a large greenhouse where she is introduced to Madam Suliman, seated in a wheelchair. Sophie is surprised to see the dog lie beside Suliman and inquires about him. Suliman tells her his name is Hin, her personal errand dog sent out to escort her. Sophie sighs heavily but keeps to the original story, claiming to be Howl's mother and explaining that he would be rather useless. Suliman is saddened by this news and says that Howl was her last and brightest student until his heart was stolen by a demon. Since then, he's been using his magic for purely selfish reasons and Suliman warns Sophie that, should he continue living as such, he will end up as the Witch of the Wastes. Upon her cue, the Witch is brought in on a dolly, reduced to her normal state as an old woman and deprived of magic. Suliman threatens to force Howl's magic from him if he refuses to honor the summon. Sophie stands and says that she understands now why Howl refused to come; Suliman's summon was merely a trap to strip him of his powers. She asserts that Howl may be selfish, but his intentions are pure and he only wants to be free. As she speaks, her appearance gradually fades back to her youthful look. Suliman smiles and says that Sophie is in love with Howl. The statement causes Sophie to recoil and revert back into an old woman. The Witch grabs Sophie's dress, asking for Howl and, though Sophie claims he's not coming, Suliman says that he should, now that she knows his weakness. A propeller craft lands in the grass outside and a tall man climbs off and enters the greenhouse. Suliman addresses him as Majesty and introduces him to Sophie as Howl's mother. The King declares to Suliman that he's decided against using magic to win the war since Suliman's powers shield the palace rather than protecting civilians; a statement that Suliman ironically compliments. At the opposite end of the room, a second King enters, shouting that he's come up with a new battle strategy. When he sees his copy, the real King laughs and praises Suliman on her tricks before leaving. Still smiling, Suliman greets Howl who removes his disguise and grasps Sophie, saying that he's fulfilled his oath and must be leaving. Suliman says she won't allow it and conjures a wave of water to flood the room. The group is transported to an empty realm where the earth appears miles below them. Howl tells Sophie not to look down as the Witch clings to her dress. Suliman appears above them and tells Sophie she's going to show her what Howl truly is. Falling stars surround them and begin to encircle Howl and Sophie, chanting. Howl is painfully forced to transform into his bird state and attempts to attack Suliman before Sophie stops him. Suliman raises her staff and throws it, but Howl leaps up and breaks through the illusion out of the greenhouse. He drops down onto the propeller craft with Sophie and the Witch lands in the back seat. Hin leaps onto the craft and puts himself in the Witch's lap as they fly off. Sophie sneers at Hin but decides that they are now too high to dump him as Howl gives her the controls to the aircraft. She struggles to maintain flight but soon gains a handle on it, despite nearly crashing. She asks Howl why he bothered to make her go to the palace if he was going. He responds that he's terrified of Suliman, but Sophie's courage gave him the strength to face her. Seeing that they're being followed by the King's men, Howl tells Sophie he will give her five minutes of invisibility and that her ring will guide her back to the castle. All she needs to do is summon Calcifer. He then separates from the aircraft on a copy to ward off their pursuers. At the palace, Suliman's wards pull her staff from the chair where Sophie had been sitting and she exclaims that was the most fun she's had in a while. She sends out troops to the shops of both Pendragon and the Wizard Jenkins but, when they break down the doors, they find empty buildings. Meanwhile, Sophie continues to fly in the rain. She passes over her hometown and navigates back into the mountain Wastes. The Witch, holding onto Hin, comments that he is a 'nice doggy' but Sophie refuses to trust him. Up ahead, she sees the castle waiting for them but, unsure of how to land the craft, flies into the castle's mouth where they crash. However, unharmed, they all climb out of the wreckage and Sophie greets Markl. That night while everyone sleeps, Howl enters the room, hunched over and semi-transparent. Calcifer warns him that he's gone too far before Howl goes upstairs. Sophie wakes, somehow returned to her youth, and notices Howl's footprints on the floor surrounded by feathers. As she picks one up, it dissolves. Worried, she puts on a pair of boots and takes a candle. The footprints on the stairs appear bloodied but Sophie follows them. She walks into Howl's room and finds that it has transformed into a vast tunnel, the walls glittering with his toys and adornments. She follows the tunnel until she comes upon Howl, breathing heavily and curled up in his bird-form. He tells her to go away but she refuses and tells him that she can help him break his curse. He says that she can't even break the one on her and Sophie tells him she loves him. Claiming she's too late, Howl stands, revealing a disfigured face full of sharp teeth and flies away, leaving Sophie calling for him, once again an old woman. Sophie suddenly awakens and hears the bath water running. She asks Calcifer if Howl is back and he replies that she needs to hurry to break their curse; Howl is getting worse. Frustrated, Sophie asks if Howl is really a monster. Calcifer can't answer any details but reveals that if he is extinguished, Howl will die too. Later, Markl and Turnip-head pitch in to help Sophie remove the propeller plane from the wall of the castle. Once the blockage is cleared, Howl comes down the stairs, looking cheery. Upon seeing Turnip-head, he detects a strong spell on him too and says that it seems everyone in their growing family has problems. He draws a large chalk circle with magical symbols on the ground outside and instructs Calcifer to move the castle over it. He then draws a smaller copy inside and takes Calcifer off the hearth with a shovel. He stands over the circle and Calcifer uses his demon powers to help Howl reconfigure the room. When all is done, Howl shows Sophie the new additions including her own room which looks exactly like the one in her hometown above the hat shop. Outside their door is a courtyard that leads to a new flower shop that Sophie can manage. Seeing everything, she becomes youthful again and is touched by Howl's kindness; though he merely wants everyone to live comfortably. He shows her a new doorway on the color turn-knob that leads to a field covered in flowers. A lone cottage stands near a stream and Howl explains that it used to belong to his uncle, a powerful wizard, who gave it to him so that he could study sorcery in peace. Now, he's giving it to Sophie. Fearful that he is leaving, Sophie begs him to stay and says that she wants to help him, even if she's not talented or pretty. When Howl assures her that she's beautiful, she becomes old again. Suddenly, a large warship passes over them. Angered by its presence, Howl lightly gestures and causes the ship to malfunction. This display of magic causes his arm to painfully transform and feather, though Howl tries to hide it. When the airship yields flying creatures, Howl grabs Sophie and sprouts wings, carrying her back to the door to the castle. He drops her inside and flies away. Markl and Hin find Sophie on the stairway by the door exclaiming that she's too old for these shenanigans. That night, before bed, Markl tells Sophie not to worry about Howl; he's often away for days at a time, as Sophie puts the Witch to bed. Before she can leave, the Witch tells Sophie she knows she's in love and her sighing has given her away. Sophie asks the Witch if she has ever fallen in love, to which the Witch gleefully replies that she still is and simply can't ignore the hearts of handsome young men. An air raid siren sounds outside and the Witch warns Sophie not to go out; Sulimans henchmen are no doubt looking for the house although Calcifer keeps the place well hidden. The next day, after returning from market, Markl rushes into the courtyard and tells Sophie that a strange woman has followed him inside. Sophie looks up to see her mother who rushes forward in tears, crying that she's been looking everywhere for her. Sophie invites her in and her mother reveals that she's gotten married again. She sets a small bag on a table that the Witch, sitting nearby, quickly notices. When Sophie and her mother go into the courtyard again, the Witch takes the bag and grabs a peeping bug that Suliman must have stored in there to spy on Howl. She feeds it to Calcifer who belches sickly. The Witch finds a cigar within the bag and begins to smoke it, much to Hin's disgust. Sophie's mother invites her to live with her but Sophie politely refuses, claiming to be happy where she is. She says farewell to her mother who leaves with a chauffeur. As they drive off, she tells the driver that she did as she was told and must now return to her husband. She whispers for Sophie to forgive her. Sophie goes back into the castle where Markl tells her that he loves her and doesn't want her to leave. Sophie assures him that she will stay; they are a family. That evening, Sophie attempts to reignite Calcifer who has weakened due to the cigar smoke. Markl goes to open a window but the Witch warns against it, saying that there's an air raid and Calcifer is too weak to properly protect the house. As Sophie goes to pull Markl back from the window, a series of bombs hits the side streets, sending a tremor through the house. Sophie runs outside to see most of the street enveloped in flames and a horde of Suliman's blob men approaching her. She runs back to the courtyard and looks up in time to see a bomb plummeting towards her, with Howl holding onto it. The bomb hits the center of the courtyard but fails to explode. Sophie runs to Howl who apologizes for not arriving sooner and escorts Sophie back into the house. Howl calls up Calcifer, coughing back to life, and takes the cigar from the Witch who says that she needs to have a chat at some point with Howl. He tells Sophie to wait at the house while he goes to deflect the second wave of bombs but she begs him to stay. He tells her he's tired of running and now has something that he wants to protect (Sophie) before flying out the door and into the ember filled sky. Sophie retreats inside from the shadow blobs and changes the knob beside the door to return to the Wastes. She then goes outside to watch the battle and sees Howl attacking an airship, now more monstrous than human. She watches in horror as the ship goes down and explodes in a fireball. Sophie demands that Calcifer do something, but he can't change the portals without Howl's help. Sophie begs him to try so that Howl won't have a reason to fight for the shop and states that their vulnerability won't change no matter where they are. They come up with an idea. Markl and Turnip-head help the Witch leave the house and Sophie places Calcifer on a shovel. She backs out of the house with him and watches as the entire castle falls apart. They all go back inside and Sophie puts Calcifer on the hearth, ordering him to move what little is left of the castle closer to Howl so they can help him. However, he is too weak and asks Sophie to give him something of hers. She offers him her long braid and he eats it, gaining strength enough to put together a wobbly, smaller version of the castle. Sophie commends his powers and Calcifer quips her on what he could have done with her eyes or her heart. At this, the Witch suddenly realizes that Calcifer has Howl's heart. Blindly motivated by her crush, she takes Calcifer off the hearth and holds the heart close to her. The castle shakes and stumbles and the Witch is set on fire, crying out in the heat. Calcifer yells out as his powers are stripped and Sophie tries to take him from the Witch but she refuses to let go. In her panic, Sophie throws water over them which extinguishes the fire. Then, the section of castle Sophie is standing on breaks away from the rest. Hin leaps into her arms as they fall into a deep chasm, Markl calling after her while the castle continues on its way across the mountains. Sophie wakes up, having survived the wreck, and is approached by Hin. She bursts out crying, wondering if she killed Howl by pouring water over Calcifer. She buries her face in her hands as the ring Howl gave her begins to tremble, a single beam of light shining from it. Sophie asks the ring if Howl is still alive and it points to the main door that had fallen away, propped against a wall of dirt. She opens it, finding a looming darkness ahead and walks through, Hin following. Sophie finds herself in Howl's cottage and walks outside to the fields where she sees a young boy watching a shower of falling stars; each one perishing as it lands. Realizing the doorway was a portal to Howl's childhood, Sophie runs towards the young Howl and watches as he catches a star, speak to it, and swallow it. He coughs and brings forth from his chest a beating flame; Calcifer. The ring on Sophie's finger breaks and Sophie is plunged into a deep darkness, but manages to shout out to Howl, telling him that she can help him and to find her in the future. Sophie and Hin make it back through the doorway where they find Howl waiting for her, nearly a complete form of a monstrous bird. Sophie approaches him, brushes the feathers from his face and kisses him, apologizing for taking so long. She asks him to take them to Calcifer and, as she stands on his clawed foot, Howl takes off. They arrive at the walking castle where Markl, the Witch, and Turnip-head are waiting; the castle having been reduced to two walking legs supporting a single piece of floor. As soon as they arrive, Howl collapses and the feathers disintegrate to reveal his human body. Sophie props him up before going to the Witch and begging her to release Calcifer. Though she refuses at first, with Sophie's plea, she finally relinquishes him to her. Calcifer tells Sophie he's very tired but may be all right if Sophie is the one to give Howl his heart back. She presses him into Howl's chest. A light bursts from it and Calcifer, once again a star, flies off shouting that he's free. With Calcifer gone, the castle stops moving and begins to tip over. The legs fall apart and the flooring slides quickly down the mountainside. Turnip-head leaps ahead of the floorboard and uses his pole to slow it down, but splinters and grinds it down to near nothing. The floorboard finally stops, propped between two rocks. Proud by his sacrifice, Sophie kisses Turnip-head which suddenly causes him to vibrate and transform into a human. He bows to Sophie and proclaims that he's the prince (English: Crispin Freeman Japanese: Y izumi) from the neighboring country who had gone missing. A spell had turned him into a scarecrow and a kiss from his true love was the only thing that could break it. The Witch compliments the handsome young man as Howl awakens and complains of a weight on his chest. Sophie tells him that a heart is a heavy burden and, when he looks at her and likens her hair to starlight, hugs him fiercely. The Witch tells the prince that, though his love is in love with someone else, he should still go home and put an end to the war. He agrees to do this, saying that even hearts can change, and the Witch suggests that she'll be waiting for him should he return. As the prince leaves, Hin sends a visual message to Suliman who asks him where he's been. As he shows her, she begrudgingly calls him a traitor and watches as he rejoins Sophie and Howl. She admits that her fun is at an end and decides to finally put a stop to the war. Calcifer returns to Sophie and ignites into a flame, telling her that he's missed them. Sophie kisses him as well and Howl creates a new, flying home for them all to live in. The Witch sits in the courtyard while Markl and Hin play and Sophie and Howl stand together at the bow of the castle and share a tender kiss.
tt0491152
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Based on the book "Something Borrowed" Character History: Rachel is a just turned 30 lawyer who is very attractive, but down to earth, used to be overshadowed by her larger than life best friend since childhood - Darcy. It is hinted that Darcy didn't have a normal family or childhood by how she constantly goes on about Rachel being the sister she never had and the mother she always wanted. Ethan is Rachel's best guy friend, who also has known Darcy since childhood. There is a history shown that for the 6th grade dance Ethan went with both Rachel and Darcy, presumably because Darcy couldn't let Rachel have a date when she didn't. He is annoyed with Darcy's treatment of Rachel. Darcy has spent years with Rachel always acquiescing to her way because of Darcy's overbearing attitude, to the point where 6 years earlier, Rachel pretty much handed her crush from law school, Dex, over to Darcy. This resulted in them getting together and now they are engaged. The Story: Rachel is about to enter a very stylish nightclub with a look of trepidation. She walks in to be greeted by a surprise party being given to her by Darcy. Of course Darcy is so into herself that even though it is Rachel's birthday, she makes the night about her, doing a picture PowerPoint of her and Rachel's friendship through the years, including 6th Grade and Ethan taking them both to the dance, although Ethan is clearly looking at Rachel, and some showy images of Darcy and Dex, who Darcy credits Rachel with them getting together. Darcy starts to dance on the stage, with an embarrassed Dex coaxing her down. Part of the way through the party, Darcy has gotten excessively drunk, so Dex is leaving with her. He points out to Rachel it was kind of her to act surprised despite him knowing she wasn't. Ethan also is avoiding Claire, another mutual friend who Ethan made the grievous error of sleeping with despite not being interested in a relationship with her, and now Claire has a massive crush on Ethan. Ethan and Rachel are left after the party, discussing Claire and how Ethan likes Rachel, although he doesn't get to speak further about it as they are hailing a cab when one pulls up with Dex in it. Darcy seems to have left her $2k Purse somewhere in the club, and Rachel offers Dex to help find it. Dex feels like Rachel didn't fully enjoy her party and suggests getting drinks together, which she accepts. As they drink there is a moment when a very attractive, Type A woman hits on Dex, which he ignores while Rachel is having a auditory memory of an incident you're not quite clear about and the woman keeps looking at Rachel with a nasty "WHY is he with YOU" kind of look, to which Dex responds to by asking the woman to stop staring as she's making his girlfriend upset. Rachel and Dex get drunk and Rachel admits she had a crush on Dex back in the day, then feels embarrassed she told him this as he is marrying her best friend. Dex tells the cab driver that they have 2 stops and gives Rachel's address and then his. Silent since Rachel's admission, Dex ends up drawing Rachel into a kiss and she responds. The cab driver laughs and says "okay, just one stop". The next morning Rachel and Dex wake up at Rachel's house to Darcy's voice via an answering machine set on loud, whining that Dex never came home after going to look for her purse and demands Rachel call her as she needs her, despite it being 7AM the night after a party. Dex dashes out, and Rachel spends the rest of the day horrified with her actions. Rachel gets a call from Darcy, but it's actually Dex calling from her phone, wanting to see if Rachel is okay. They don't get to talk long though as Darcy comes out and takes over the phone. Darcy goes dress shopping with Rachel and she muses over if Dex has cheated on her and then asks (or rather demands) that Darcy come to the Hamptons to stay at some house Claire's family seems to own and they have an open invite to. Darcy's plan is to hook Rachel up with Marcus, a close friend of Dex's. Ethan is coming as well, on request by Rachel. The truck pulls up with Darcy hooting and howling. Marcus is inside and he is the polar opposite of Rachel; a loud, womanizing party-hard type of guy. The weekend commences and Rachel is miserable, Darcy is all over Dex, who's been trying to talk to Rachel about what happened. After an evening of Marcus pawing all over her, Claire attempting and failing to seduce Ethan and Darcy having extremely loud sex with Dex, Rachel heads home early, using work as an excuse. Dex is feeling terrible, obviously having some feelings for Rachel. We learn through flashbacks that Rachel and Dex met at law school and had a connection, but both were too shy to admit it. Dex takes a chance and asks Rachel out for a celebratory dinner after finals, which she accepts. However midway through this "date", enter Darcy, who seats herself next to Dex, and instigates a truth or dare game, daring Dex to ask Rachel on a "real" date. Rachel, feeling on the spot, denies they are anything more than friends. Although Dex seems sad about this, he misunderstands Rachel not arguing him asking Darcy out on a date. So it turns out Darcy really stole Dex from Rachel years ago. Dex fell in then out of love with Darcy, but Darcy's pushy attitude resulted in him never leaving the relationship, as it also kept him close to Rachel. After the initial incident, Rachel and Dex have an awkward few weeks before finally Dex suggests they spend a weekend together to see what their feelings are all about. They enjoy themselves immensely, however after bumping into Dex's parents, Dex's father figures things out and pulls Dex aside to explain that his mother, who it is discussed throughout the film suffers from manic depression, is doing well mentally because of Dex getting married and if Dex doesn't she'll fall apart. He also reminds him that he was raised better than to be a cheater and liar. The sad thing is the father is more concerned about the appearances, than the happiness of his son. He even offers to buy a house for Darcy and Dex to show how serious he is about wanting him to follow through, and of course Darcy is thrilled about the prospect of being purchased an expensive home. Ethan, who has told Claire he's gay to get her to stop pursuing him, discovers the tryst and instead of scolding Rachel, commends her for once doing something she wanted after years of always letting Darcy get things. He is concerned that Dex may be stringing her along, however, and insists that she should come clean. Dex shows up at Rachel's apartment begging to come inside. Rachel allows Darcy (who is there for an impromptu sleepover after the bachelorette party) to think it's Ethan. After Darcy tells this "secret" one weekend at the Hamptons, upsetting Claire who thinks Ethan is gay, there is a point Ethan finds keeping the secret too great a burden, and almost lets it be known, only to be stopped by Rachel whacking him in the face with a badminton racket. He is upset that Claire is upset now, and can't believe that Rachel is allowing this all to happen, as she is better than this and he cares a great deal about her and can't take it anymore. Fortunately he has taken a job in London so he can get some space from it all. That night at a bar, Rachel argues with Dex about him not canceling the wedding and flashes back to the night Darcy butted in on their date, how she said it was okay when he chased after her, since she was used to Darcy getting what she wanted and she could tell she wanted Dex. She turns and runs back to the bar and comes clean to Dex about how she feels. Although you can tell Dex is moved by this, he refuses to cancel the wedding as she suggests because of his mother. Rachel is crushed and she shuts herself down. The wedding is coming up and she is heartbroken. Ethan has moved to London by now, so she goes to see him and lets him know what happened. Ethan says he knows what it's like to love someone and not have it work out. He has been in love with Rachel since childhood, although he realized he wasn't the one for her. Dex is, and he wishes it could work out. During her London visit Darcy calls freaking out demanding Rachel to come back home, with Ethan writing answer suggestions like "your fiance's a douche", "I just need some time" and "I'm madly in love with Ethan". Rachel, who really does need time for herself simply, and finally, says NO and hangs up. She loves Darcy but enough already. She's willing to stand up for herself. She knows sleeping with Dex was wrong because he is with Darcy, but she refuses to feel guilty about how she feels about Dex. The movie flashes to Dex having dinner with his folks and Darcy. Mom picks up at Dex doesn't seem happy, and she's concerned. Rachel comes home and Dex is waiting for her at her place; her office told him when she'd be back. He explains he called off the wedding and how much he loves her. As Rachel processes this Darcy knocks on the door, having sneaked into the building with a pizza guy. Dex hides, not noticing he left his jacket on a couch by the door, and Rachel lets Darcy in who announces SHE cancelled the wedding, despite this not being true. It is alluded throughout the movie that some of Darcy's claims are untrue, such as being accepted to Notre Dame when Rachel, a better student, wasn't. Ethan points out this couldn't have happened as they never saw the letter of admission, and that Darcy would have shown it to them. Darcy explains Dex "said it first" but she had been thinking the same thing. Darcy declines the suggestion of going for a walk (to get away from Dex) and confronts Rachel with lying about saying she slept with Ethan and Marcus. It turns out Darcy knew Rachel lied about Marcus because Rachel claimed he was circumcised. Darcy knows he is not, because since 4th of July she's been sleeping with Marcus, and she is now pregnant by him. Rachel is stunned. Darcy is optimistic about Marcus, feeling better having come clean. As she leaves she glances down and comes back and knocks on the door a second later, having realized Dex was there. Darcy demands to know where Dex is. He steps out and Darcy realizes Rachel is the one who was sleeping with Dex. Dex is pissed Darcy got pregnant by Marcus, but of course Darcy is focused on herself and despite having done the same thing, screams to Rachel she hates her and never wants to see her again. As she leaves she is snappy to Marcus, who had been waiting outside. The movie flashes to a few months later. Rachel is walking home with some dry cleaning and sees Darcy, now 5 months pregnant but looking fabulous. She points out one of the shirts in Rachel's package is the one she got for Dex, saying Rachel was always jealous of her since Darcy got into Notre Dame. Rachel says she sorry she hurt Darcy, but she isn't sorry she slept with Dex, having realized what Ethan told her earlier; if the roles were switched, Darcy would have done it with no issue. Darcy assures Rachel she is happy with the prospect of motherhood. Rachel takes a phone call and walks around the corner, to meet Dex, waiting for her at a bench. They are together and truly happy, and they walk away holding hands. Part way through the beginning of the credits we see Darcy in London, calling out to Ethan, pregnant and having gone to London to start her life over, Marcus obviously not with her and Ethan running for his life.
tt1212436
Comedy,Romance
The Back-up Plan is a comedy that explores dating, love, marriage and family in reverse. After years of dating, Zoe (Jennifer Lopez) has decided waiting for the right one is taking too long. Determined to become a mother, she commits to a plan, makes an appointment and decides to go it alone. That same day, Zoe meets Stan (Alex OLoughlin) a man with real possibilities. Trying to nurture a budding relationship and hide the early signs of pregnancy becomes a comedy of errors for Zoe and creates confusing signals for Stan. When Zoe nervously reveals the reason for her unpredictable behavior, Stan commits fully and says hes in. Never before has love seen a courtship where a wild night of sex involves three in a bed Stan, Zoe and the ever-present massive pregnancy pillow. Or, where date night consists of being the focal point at a near-strangers water birth which does for kiddie pools what Jaws did for swimming in the ocean. The real pregnancy test comes when both of them realize they really dont know each other outside of hormonal chaos and birth preparations. With the nine month clock ticking, both begin to experience cold feet. Anyone can fall in love, get married and have a baby but doing it backwards in hyper-drive could be proof positive that they were made for each other.
tt0443543
Drama,Fantasy,History
The film begins in medias res as Chief Inspector Uhl (Paul Giamatti) recounts the history of Eisenheim for Crown Prince Leopold (Rufus Sewell), following Uhl's visit to the theatre to arrest Eisenheim during what appears to be necromancy passed off as a magic show. Eisenheim was born the son of a cabinetmaker (Andreas Grothusen) in Austria-Hungary. One day when he was a teenager, Eisenheim (played as young man by Aaron Johnson) meets a traveling magician (David Forest) along a road. The magician performs several tricks for him and then, according to various accounts, both the magician and the tree he was sitting under vanish. Eisenheim becomes obsessed with magic tricks after this. He also falls in love with Sophie, the Duchess von Teschen (Biel, played as a young lady by Eleanor Tomlinson ), a noblewoman well above his social class; her parents have hired Eisenheim's father as a cabinetmaker. Young Eisenheim makes Young Sophie a unique marquetry puzzle locket, which if twisted correctly reveals a small, hidden photograph of Eisenheim. Although the two are forbidden to see each other, they meet in a secret hideout chamber in the woods, where Eisenheim tells of his plans to go to China to learn more magic and Sophie promises to go with him. On the day that they are going to leave, however, the police come looking for Sophie. The two hide in the secret room and Sophie begs Eisenheim to make them both disappear. He is unable to fulfill this request and the two are separated. Eisenheim leaves his village to travel the world; he perfects his magic and returns 15 years later as a master illusionist. He meets Sophie at one of his performances, when she is volunteered by the ruthless Crown Prince Leopold as a reluctant participant in a trick. He soon learns that Sophie is expected to marry the Crown Prince, who purportedly has a history of abuse towards women. Eisenheim and Sophie, having recognized each other, meet privately, whereupon it is revealed that Sophie still has the locket he made for her years ago. After humiliating the Crown Prince during a private show, Eisenheim finds his hit performance shut out of Vienna. When Sophie comes to offer him help, the two at first fight, but Eisenheim soon kisses her, leading to the consummation of their relationship and the realization that they are still in love after all this time. They plan to flee the Empire together; but first, Sophie points out, something must be done to stop Leopold, who, she reveals, is planning a coup d'etat to usurp the Crown of Austria from his aging father, the Emperor Franz Joseph I, while using his engagement to her to win the Hungarian half of the Empire as well. She also knows that the Crown Prince will view her as disposable if she leaves him for another man, and that he will have both her and Eisenheim followed and killed in order to protect his ego. Leopold finds out from Uhl, who was following the couple, that Sophie has met with Eisenheim. While drunk, Leopold confronts Sophie and accuses her of being a whore. She tells him that she will not marry him or have anything to do with his plan. When she attempts to leave, he appears to murder her in the stables with a sword cut across her neck. Unfortunately, Leopold's royal status makes any accusations against him unthinkable, despite an existing belief among the people that Leopold has murdered a woman in the past. As Eisenheim plunges into despair and the citizens of Vienna begin to suspect Leopold of Sophie's murder, Uhl observes Eisenheim's actions more closely on behalf of Leopold. Wracked with grief, Eisenheim prepares a new kind of magic show, using mysterious equipment and Chinese stagehands. Eisenheim purchases a run-down theater and opens a new performance. During his show, Eisenheim apparently summons spirits, leading many to believe that he possesses supernatural powers. Leopold decides to attend one of Eisenheim's shows in disguise. During this show, Eisenheim summons the spirit of Sophie who says someone in the theater murdered her, panicking Leopold. Uhl pleads with Eisenheim to stop, but Eisenheim refuses. Finally, Leopold orders Eisenheim's arrest, but when Uhl tries to arrest him during a live show, Eisenheim's body fades and disappears. Inspector Uhl first searches for Eisenheim at his house. There he finds a folio labeled "Orange Tree," the name of one of Eisenheim's illusions which had intrigued Uhl. Thinking he will find the solution to one of the magician's most famous tricks, he opens it to find empty pages except for a scrap of parchment showing how to open the locket Eisenheim had given Sophie when they were young. At this point, we return to the first scene of the movie. Uhl reveals to Leopold that he has found evidence which links the Crown Prince to Sophie's murder: a jewel from the prince's sword and Sophie's locket that Eisenheim gave her when they were children. After ordering, then begging Uhl to keep silent, Leopold discovers that Uhl has already informed the Emperor and the General Staff of Leopold's conspiracy to usurp the Austro-Hungarian throne. As the Army arrives at his Palace to arrest him, Leopold shoots himself in despair after angrily denouncing democracy, saying that there were "too many voices clamoring to be heard", and that nothing would get done. In the next scene, Uhl is shown leaving the Imperial Palace. After he takes a few steps, a boy (Elias Bauer) runs up to hand him a folio labeled "Orange Tree." This time, the "Orange Tree" folio is filled with plans detailing a geared mechanism to make the tree "grow". Uhl demands to know where the child obtained the folio; the child reveals that Eisenheim had given it to him. Uhl spots Eisenheim wearing a disguise and follows him to the train station. After the chase, a montage shows Uhl piecing together how Eisenheim faked Sophie's death and framed the Crown Prince. And while one may think that Uhl would be enraged at Eisenheim, he is actually very much amused. Meanwhile, Eisenheim is seen walking up to a house in the country where Sophie is waiting for him.
tt1937264
Drama,Romance
Tessa is seventeen and passionate about life. Diagnosed with a terminal illness, she determines to use every moment, compiling a catalogue of what normal teenager would experience, including losing her virginity and taking drugs. With the help of her friend, she sets the list in motion. And while her parents and brother each deals with their fear of losing her in their own way, Tessa explores a whole new world, determined to live every day as intensely as possible. Falling in love with Adam, her new neighbor, wasnt on the list, but it proves to be the most exhilarating experience of them all.
tt2406676
Horror,Romance,Thriller
Bobo (Emraan Hashmi) is India's top magician, a star. But unknown to even his beautiful girlfriend Tamara (Huma Qureshi), his life is falling apart. Hallucinations about his dead little sister Misha are casting a dark shadow on his life, threatening his very sanity. He is left with no option but to seek psychiatric help in the form of the rather odd Dr. Palit who puts him under regression hypnosis to go back to the distant past. When Bobo was 11 and Misha 6. A terrifying childhood story surfaces in which a dark supernatural power, in the form of a daayan (witch) enters their life. A woman named Diana (Konkona Sen Sharma) moves in the building after Bobo goes to hell using the elevator, which causes her to surface. She charms Bobo's father and agrees to babysit the kids. She soon begins to become a part of the family, although the paranoid Bobo still believes she's a witch . On Diana's birthday during the night of the red moon she convinces the kids to a game of hide and seek in an attempt to sacrifice Misha in order to restore her dark powers. As she begins to look for the kids, Bobo peeks through his hideout to see what she's doing. Bobo's father returns claiming to have forgotten his keys and goes to look for them while Bobo goes to check on his sister. Finding the door locked Bobo beings to panic which brings his father to the door. Bobo's father knocks down the door only to find Misha lifeless in the trunk and a now undisguised Diana hovering over her body. Enraged, Bobo's father attempts to choke Diana but in vain as the now rejuvenated Diana kill him with her ear piercing screams. Diana moves to the window to perform the rest of her ritual . But the distraught Bobo finds his father's dagger and cuts off Diana's ponytail . A shocked Diana begins to crumble into dust but not before she reveals that everything she did, she did for him and promises to return for Bobo. Dr. Palit dismisses Bobo's visions as just fantasy and convinces Bobo to do the same. After a brief outburst at the restaurant Bobo is knocked unconscious and taken to the hospital. Where Tamara learns about his hallucinations. He then asks Tamara to marry him and they adopt the ten year old Zubin. They are a happy family till the irresistible Lisa Dutt (Kalki Koechlin) enters their life during a magic show. Bobo's entire subconscious screams out 'the daayan is back'. The great magician is pitted against the supernatural. But nobody believes him, not Tamara, not Dr. Palit. In fact everybody loves Lisa. She even buys his old house, adding to his suspicion. Bobo has to face the crucial question: is he losing his mind? Is it just his imagination that his life and family are under threat or is the daayan really back? But his suspicion turns to belief when during Lisa's house warming party, Tamara falls off the balcony . A critical Tamara is taken to the hospital . A few days later Lisa comes to visit Tamara . As she tries to unhook Tamara's IV bag Bobo walks in and questions her in a fury . She claims that all she was trying to do is unhook the IV bag as it's empty . But the now aggressive Bobo tells her to get out. Afraid for his family, he calls Dr.Palit and Dr.Palit agrees to help investigate further. Dr.Palit find a very disturbing truth and calls Bobo telling him that he was right all along. As Bobo reaches Dr.Palit's house he finds Dr.Palit dead and sees the erie lizard lurking about. He finds a paper clutched in Dr.Palit's hand, on which Zubin's name is scribbled. He rushes to the exhibition where Zubin is supposed to be, only to find him missing. He then rushes back to his old home too look for Zubin but finds it empty. So he jumps into the elevator and descends into hell. There, he finds that Zubin is lying on a sacrificial alter and that the "daayan" is ready to sacrifice his son's life to sustain her powers. Bobo tries to save Zubin, when he encounters Tamara. To his surprise, Tamara is the daayan.not Lisa. Then, Diana appears and tells him that he himself is a "pishaach". Tamara explains further by saying that no one could merely push buttons in an elevator and find hell. The fact that he is present with them, is the evidence of him being a pishaach. He tries to fight her, but she is enraged and tell Bobo that it took her 20 years to be reborn and that she won't let him kill her again. She knocks Bobo unconscious. When he gains consciousness, he recalls the book about black magic and realises that a pischaach, good or bad can regain his strength as it is the night of the red moon. With his acquired powers, he fights Tamara and supposedly kills her. Soon after that, he returns his powers back to Satan. As he picks up Zubin, the daayan now appearing as Diana reveals that only the pure and innocent can kill a daayan and since Bobo killed her once before as a kid he is no longer innocent . Angry that Bobo denied Satan's gift Diana attacks him with her hair since it is the origin of her strength. Powerless, he tries to fight with her only to be flung around. Bobo grabs on to a pillar and the amused Diana once again imobilizes him with her high pitched screeches but Bobo kicks the sacrificial dagger to the now conscious Zubin, and with his help, Zubin eventually cuts off Diana's ponytail. But the crumbling Diana once again promises that she will come back. In the end Zubin asks him whether everything that happened was magic or witchcraft . Bobo tells him that everyone has a little of both in them. Bobo meets Lisa at the cafe and she asks him why he was so aggressive towards her initially . The screen fades to black as Bobo says, " I thought you were a daayan "
tt1243957
Action,Adventure,Crime
A woman named Elise (Angelina Jolie) is being trailed in Paris by French police working with Scotland Yard. At a cafe, she receives a letter from Alexander Pearce, a former lover, with explicit directions to board a train to Venice, Italy, pick out a man who resembles him, and make the police believe that this man is Alexander Pearce. A mysterious stranger, not involved with the police, also seems to be watching Elise. Elise burns the letter and boards a train. She takes a seat across from Frank (Johnny Depp), an American tourist reading a spy novel. Frank is instantly attracted to her. The train arrives in Venice, and she invites him to go with her on a boat to the Hotel Danieli. At dinner, much to Frank's dismay, Elise admits to having feelings for another man, presumably Alexander Pearce. Later, on her room's balcony they share a kiss, witnessed by the men following her. The next day, Frank awakens to find Elise gone. Men suddenly try to break into the hotel room. Frank barely escapes by running over several roofs in his pajamas, but is caught by the Italian police. A sympathetic detective listens to Frank's story that he does not know why these men are after him. He takes Frank from the jail and tells him that his story checks out and that the men after him were Belarusians, who have placed a price on his head and believe Frank to be someone else. The detective, however, then delivers Frank into the clutches of these same men, in order to collect the money they promised. Elise suddenly appears with a boat to rescue Frank, and they flee together. Elise finally tells Frank that all this is happening because she kissed him and made the police believe that he was Alexander Pearce. Frank learns that Pearce stole two billion dollars from a gangster named Shaw (Steven Berkoff) and is also wanted by the British Government for tax evasion. Stunned by the news, Frank says he still does not regret kissing Elise. Elise apologizes for getting him involved at all and tricks Frank off the boat. Frank says he loves her. Elise goes to a government building. She turns out to be a British secret agent. She sees her fellow British agent Acheson (Paul Bettany), who was among those following her in Paris. Elise was supposed to work undercover against Pearce but fell in love with him and had disappeared from her job until now. She tells Acheson that she is ready to help him find Pearce now because she wants to prevent anybody else from getting hurt. Elise goes to a ball Pearce has invited her to attend, wearing a wire. She is handed a letter by the same mysterious stranger from Paris. The letter is from Pearce, saying where to meet him. As Elise turns to leave, Frank appears and prevents her exit. They dance. Elise leaves to find Pearce, and agent Acheson's men apprehend Frank. They both watch on surveillance equipment as Elise walks into a trap set by the gangster Shaw. The gangster threatens to kill her unless she reveals the location of the safe holding the money Pearce stole from him. Agent Acheson doesn't intervene for his colleague Elise, confident that Pearce will show up to rescue her. Elise reveals the safe's location but does not know its code. Frank watches in horror as Elise is threatened yet again. Seeing that Acheson won't help Elise, Frank picks the lock to his handcuffs and escapes to help her. Frank pretends to be Pearce. Elise begs him to stop or he will be killed. Frank, acting as Pearce, tells Shaw that he will get his money, but only if Elise is first released and safe. As Frank pretends that he is about to open the safe, Elise mouths "I love you." All of a sudden, Chief Inspector Jones (Timothy Dalton) gives the order for the police snipers to shoot Shaw and his men. Frank and Elise are unharmed. As the police survey the scene, agent Acheson can't believe that Pearce did not save Elise, and Jones is furious with him for exposing her to danger. Jones then informs Elise that she has been terminated from the force. A police report informs them that Pearce has just been caught. As the room clears, Elise and Frank embrace. He asks her if she loves both him and Alexander Pearce. Elise answers yes. To spare her from this dilemma, Frank demonstrates that he is the real Alexander Pearce by entering the correct code for the safe. Pearce had gotten plastic surgery, so he could have a new life. Meanwhile, the arrested man believed to be Pearce explains to police that he was paid to pose as him but that he is really just a tourist. Elise and Frank/Pearce leave on a boat with the money, finally being able to be together. In the open safe, police find a bankers check for the 744 million pounds in back taxes Pearce owed the British government.
tt0250797
Drama,Romance,Thriller
Ed and Connie Sumner are a middle-aged couple with an 8-year old son and a nice big house in the suburbs. They seem genuinely in love with each other even after 11 years of marriage. Ed runs his own trucking company; Connie does charitable fundraising which requires occasional commutes into New York City. On one of these trips it is so windy that people are literally being blown around, and Connie collides with a young man named Paul Martel, and falls and scrapes her knee. Paul invites her to his apartment for a band-aid. This leads to a phone call and visit next time she is in the city, then trips into the city for the sole purpose of seeing Paul, and soon they are having a full-blown affair. Ed notices the awkwardness in the relationship almost immediately, and his suspicions are further aroused when he catches Connie in a lie, and when a fired employee insinuates that there are things about Ed's family that he is not aware of. Finally he hires a private investigator, who soon furnishes pictures of Connie and Paul together. Ed goes to Paul's apartment, and during the discussion that follows, he sees a gift he had once given Connie that she recently gave Paul. Ed loses his composure and hits Paul over the head, killing him. He then wraps Paul's body in a carpet, wipes clean everything he has touched, and cleans all the blood off the floor. While he is doing this, Connie calls and leaves a message on Paul's answering machine that she wants to end the affair. Ed loads the carpet with Paul's body into the trunk of his car, and later dumps it in a landfill. Now it is Connie who senses awkwardness in their relationship. Cops visit investigating Paul's disappearance, because they found Connie's name and address in his apartment. Some time later, after the body is found, they come again. She is evasive, trying to conceal that she knew Paul at all, and the cops easily pick up the inconsistencies in her story. Ed surprises her by lying to the police to corroborate her story. After she finds the pictures from the private investigator, the two finally come clean with each other. Ed offers to turn himself in, but Connie dissuades him, saying that they can get through this together and get on with their lives. The movie ends with the two of them in love with each other as they were at the beginning.
tt0389860
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
This is the story of a man who realizes, with the help and guidance of an angel, and the use of a magical remote, that love is the most important thing in life. Love for his woman, love for his family. And once he loses the chance to give it to them, the time clock of life finally runs out for him. He can never go back and undo the missed opportunities.....................or can he?
tt1120985
Drama,Romance
The film depicts a married couple, Dean Pereira (Ryan Gosling) and Cindy Heller (Michelle Williams), shifting back and forth in time between their courtship and the dissolution of their marriage several years later. Present Day: The film begins with a little girl (Frankie) calling for her lost dog, Megan. After the dog doesn't return she goes inside to find her Daddy, who is asleep in a chair in the living room. She wakes him, and they go outside to find Megan the dog. They spend a few minutes searching for her. You can tell right away that they have a wonderful relationship and that Frankie loves her father with all her heart. After a few minutes, they go inside to wake up Cindy, they jump on her bed in what seems to be a nice family moment. Cindy seems slightly cranky and insists she gets to sleep for a while longer. They get her up and begin to eat breakfast. Cindy is clearly the parent who enforces the rules while Dean is the fun one. Cindy tries to get Frankie to eat her breakfast (cold oatmeal with raisins), but Frankie doesn't comply until Dean takes the fun approach of eating on the table like leopards. Cindy, frustrated, takes Frankie out of the room and gets her ready for school. Cindy and Frankie are in the car, and Dean brings out Frankie's backpack and asks Cindy to buckle her seat-belt, to which she waves off with annoyance. Dean goes to work as a home painter and Cindy as a nurse in a pre-natal private practice. Her boss asks if she has made the decision to move to another city with his practice. She remarks that hasn't had the time to discuss it with her family yet, and her boss looks disappointed, but tells her to let him know by Monday. After her shift, she rushes to Frankie's school to see her in an assembly. Along the way, she sees Megan dead on the side of the road. When she arrives at Frankie's assembly, she sits next to Dean who can tell something is wrong right away. She says that she found Megan and begins to cry. Dean is upset and asks how many times he has to ask her to lock the dog gate before she gets it. After the assembly, they take Frankie to a sleepover at Cindy's Dad's house. Her father asks is anything is wrong, she doesn't respond. Dean and Cindy say goodnight to Frankie and go home. When they arrive they bury Megan and Cindy begins to clean the house while Dean watches home movies of Frankie and Megan. Dean then calls a cheap hotel for them to spend a night together. Cindy says she is on call tomorrow and doesn't have the time to go away for the evening. Dean is ardent about them spending the night together, she relents, and they head out. While stopping to get gas and booze Cindy runs into an old boyfriend, named Bobby. He asks if she is married and if she has been faithful to him. Cindy says yes and leaves. In the car, Dean asks what took her so long. She says that he will never guess who she ran into. When she reveals it was Bobby, Dean freaks out. Cindy tries to calm him by lying and saying that Bobby is fat and ugly, but that does nothing for Dean. Flashback. We meet Dean six or seven years earlier. He is a charismatic slacker who is applying for a job at a moving company. He talks about love and romance with his co-workers, saying that men are more romantic than women. Women dream about meeting Prince Charming and end up choosing a man because he is safe and has a good job. Dean says, "men just know by looking at women that they are the one". He says that it is like listening to music; sometimes you hear a song, and you just got to dance to it. One day Dean and his crew help move an old gentleman into a nursing home. His boss says Dean doesn't have a lot of time to unpack the items into the room and to hurry up. As Dean goes through he boxes, he sees the remnants of an amazing life. He takes the time to unpack everything and decorate the room with old matchboxes on the wall, the man's navy uniform, and photos from his past. When the old man comes to the room, Dean helps him in and puts him in a rocking chair and shows him the work he has done. The old man is a little overwhelmed but clearly appreciates what Dean has done for him. Dean then goes to take his part of the payment which his boss left for him on a table, but before he leaves he looks out the door and sees something... Flashback. We meet Cindy six or seven years earlier. She is in a wheelchair making her way around a college campus. She goes to the campus athletic center and watches some wrestlers. One of them looks up and comes out to see her, and he is Bobby. He kisses her and asks why she is in a wheelchair and she says that she is seeing how accessible the campus is to paraplegics. He asks why she is always doing things like this and calls her a freak and continues to kiss her. She pulls away and says that she will see him later. A little later, Bobby is having sex with Cindy from behind, and he is very rough with her. She tries to go away for a second, but he goes even harder. Finally, she gets away to the bathroom where she attempts to pull a broken condom out of herself. A few days later we see Cindy taking care of her elderly grandmother. Cindy brings her back from a walk to a nursing home and settles her down into her room. She goes to close the door when she sees across the hall to a neighbor's room and sees Dean taking his share of the money from the old man. Dean sees her spying on him and come out to her room and insists that he wasn't stealing the money. Cindy nods but doesn't believe him. Dean says that it was his pay for the day and asks for her name and what she is doing later that night. She doesn't reply, and he writes his name on the back of his business card and asks her to give him a chance. She smiles, takes the card, and closes the door. Present Day. Cindy and Dean arrive at the hotel and are in a futuristic room complete with a rotating bed. Cindy gets in the shower. Dean joins her and attempts to go down on her. She pulls away, and they finish showering in silence. Later, while eating dinner, Cindy asks why Dean why he never took the initiative with work. He is upset that she isn't happy with where he is, and that working as a house painter allows him to do the job he loves most, being a husband and father. She drops the issue and they finish eating. Flashback. After a month of not hearing from Cindy, Dean begins to lose all hope. One day while sweeping out a moving truck he finds a locket that belonged to the old man in the nursing home. That gives him the excuse to go back to the home to hopefully see Cindy. When he arrives at the home the old man's room is cleaned out, and his blankets are folded on the bed. Disappointed that the old man died, Dean sees Cindy's grandmother in her room and asks about that girl who was in her room with her a while back. Cindy's Grandma says her name is Cindy, and she is her granddaughter. Dean leaves and take the bus home. On the bus, he sees Cindy and goes to sit with her and the two talk, joke, and get along quite well. Their time on the bus extends to an impromptu date where he sings for her while she tap dances. You can see that already they are in love. Present Day. Back in the hotel room Dean and Cindy are both getting drunk, and he tries to make love to her but she pretends to fall asleep. Frustrated he walks away. She follows him, and they fool around on the floor. He begins to get naked and asks her to make a baby with him, but she stops him and tries to make him play rape her. He says that he loves her and won't do that to her. She gets angry, walks out, and locks the door to the bedroom so he cannot follow her. He pounds on the door saying that he will never hit or treat her like that, that he loves her, and that it isn't right of her to treat him like this after all he has done for her. He just wants to make a baby with her. Flashback. We see Cindy in a classroom while Bobby collects the classes papers. He pauses at her desk, and she ignores him. Angry, he takes her paper and walks away. After class, she goes to the bathroom and takes a pregnancy test. We can tell by her face that it is positive. She finds Dean after work and they go for a walk. They come to a bridge and after nagging her the whole time about what is bothering her Dean threatens to jump over the bridge. Cindy will not tell him what is wrong until his is over the side and ready to jump. When he hears of her pregnancy, he asks if it is his and she says that it is doubtful. Angry he starts hitting the fence of the bridge, she starts to walk away, but he follows her and asks what she plans to do (abort/adopt/keep) and she says nothing. Dean says he loves her and that he will support her no matter what she chooses. The movie cuts to Cindy at an abortion clinic answering questions (when did you begin having sex? How many partners? Etc...), she then goes into the room to have an abortion, the doctor is ready to administer the procedure when Cindy stops him saying she cannot go though with it and she wants to see her friend. She walks out of the clinic and Dean follows her, you can't hear what they are saying but he mouths "I love you" and she nods and he holds her while she cries. Cindy goes home smiling, lays on her bed, and listens to her missed messages. They are from Bobby who says he knows she is pregnant, that the baby is his, and that he is going to beat Dean to a pulp if shes doesn't call and take him back. Cindy tries to call Dean at work but while she is calling Bobby and two of his wrestling buddies find Dean and beat him pretty badly. Later Dean goes to meet Cindy's parents. Cindy's father asks if he graduated from high school and he says no, but that he loves Cindy and will do what it takes to support her. Cindy's mother says that Cindy is going to become a Doctor and Dean says that he loves that and thinks she is the smartest person he knows. He says he would like to have her as his or his kid's doctor someday. After dinner Cindy and Dean go up to her room and fool around. Before things get serious, Dean says he picked a song for them. He plays it and asks her to marry him, she agrees. Present Day. The next day in the hotel Cindy's phone rings and her job asks her to come in to work. She tries to get out of it but she is their last hope. She gets dressed and writes Dean a note explaining where she went and that he will have to take a bus home. Dean wakes up, angry that Cindy left him there like some drunk and makes his way to her place of work. Cindy's boss asks again if she thought about transferring with him. She says it has only been a day and she thought she had until Monday to decide. Her boss says that he could get her an apartment where she could stay during the week and then come home on the weekends. Perhaps, he adds, they could even get dinner together in the evenings. Cindy is shocked and reminds him that she is married and that she thought he wanted to take her with him because she is good at her job. Her boss gets flustered and goes into to see a patient. Meanwhile, Dean arrives at the hospital and the nurse at the greeting station makes a rude comment about he must be Dean, he says he is just here to see his wife. The nurse calls Cindy who is upset that he came to visit her at work and the co-worker nurse asks Cindy if she will be alright and tells her not to let Dean brainwash her. They head to Cindy's office and Dean flies off the handle that she has been talking about them at work and leaving him at the hotel and their fight escalates into yelling. Cindy's boss and co-worker come in to try to help and Dean tells them to leave or he will hit her boss. The boss does not leave so Dean slugs him. When the boss stands back up he fires Cindy and tells both of them to get the hell out of his office. They leave, Cindy disgusted with Dean and she screams that she can't do this with him anymore and that she wants a divorce. Angry, Dean throws his wedding ring into some bushes a moment later he calms down and goes to find it. Cindy joins him in the search for his ring and they look for it in silence. During their fight in her office the movie flashes back and forth from the fight to their wedding day at the Justice of the Peace office. Cindy is 6 or 7 months pregnant and Dean tells her how beautiful she looks. She asks if he is nervous, and he says that he is nervous they won't get in fast enough and that Cindy will change her mind. She laughs at the thought and kisses him to reassure him of her decision. We see a simple ceremony that clearly means a lot to both of them as they cry while giving their vows and kissing each other as man and wife. Present Day. Cindy and Dean arrive at her father's house to pick up Frankie who is excited to see them both. Cindy hands Frankie to Dean and heads inside. Dean hands Frankie to her Grandpa, goes inside, and locks the door so they cannot follow them in. In her fathers kitchen Cindy says that she is serious about the divorce. Dean pleads with her to reconsider and says that she is being selfish and isn't thinking about Frankie and that even though she isn't his daughter he still loves her like one and that he will do anything she wants. He asks Cindy to tell him what to do and he will do it to be with them, he will do whatever she wants. Cindy says that she is thinking about Frankie and that she has fallen out of love with Dean and she cannot pretend anymore. They will never change to be what the other person needs and she just needs her space. Dean realizing this is it, leaves. Frankie chases after Dean calling for her daddy. Dean turns to her and says she must go back to her mother, Frankie just puts her arms around his neck. Dean lifts her up and gives her a big hug as Cindy comes up to them. Dean hands Frankie back to Cindy and walks away while Frankie cries out "DADDY! DADDY!" and Cindy turns to go back to her father's house, leaving Dean to walk away and out of hers and Frankie's lives forever.** **I don't agree that he "walks out of their lives forever." Dean said she made a promise, "for better or worse." He said, "well, this is my worse." Dean said he would do anything, just tell him what to do and he will do it. Cindy agreed she made a vow to him and she was sorry. Dean said he would change, but she has to give him a chance to change. She nodded. By now, he has calmed down. He went over to hug her and she resisted, but she allowed him to hug her. You can tell that he is patient, loving and sincere about wanting to keep his family intact and make changes in his life, and that she acknowledges this, but isn't sure. I think she resists him, not because she doesn't love him, but because the relationship is not growing and he is caught up in a life that is going nowhere: drinking, low ambition and petty jealousies. Dean is a good, honest person, but he is very immature and my guess is, she doesn't want to raise 2 children. She wants a man, and he's still very much a child, emotionally. We cut away to their wedding day and their kiss, a very long kiss, but it shows how deeply in love they were. When we flash forward and see them today, she is hugging him with both arms, fully. She obviously still loves him, very much. At that point, she asked Dean to please, just give her space. And wanting to save his marriage and family, he fully complies with her request. THAT'S why he walked out. Not forever. I don't think he would walk out on Frankie forever. That was never implied. We don't know how it turned out and there are several ways it could have ended. They, very well, may have gotten a divorce, but he would never abandon his daughter because HE was abandoned by his mother. And Cindy would certainly not let that pig, Bobby, raise Frankie, or even ever find out she was his. No, Dean was Frankie's father. They may have gotten back together under certain circumstances, like he got counseling, stopped drinking, bettered himself, got his HS diploma, etc. By her reaction to him, and by her saying, "give me some space," it is evident she is going to think about things more fully and she has not made a final decision. At the same time, he may move forward with trying to better himself on his own, which would mean a lot to Cindy. It is apparent that if he is sincere, and goes through with making some changes, she will probably take him back. So, to say he "walks out on them forever" is just your opinion and another possibility, albeit, a very unlikely one. On purpose, the writer left us with an ending to the movie that was vague; an ending we are to decide for ourselves. Think of "Gone With the Wind." We don't know if there will be a happy ending, but there is a small glimmer of hope left there for us to use in any way we choose. tday, 4/7/12
tt0360717
Action,Adventure,Drama
In 1933, during the Great Depression, vaudeville actress Ann Darrow (Naomi Watts) is unemployed and hungry in New York City. When she steals an apple, filmmaker Carl Denham (Jack Black) comes to her aid, producing a nickel that she "dropped" so she can pay the vendor. Carl is about to leave on a tramp steamer to finish his latest movie in Singapore, and he has been looking for an actress to replace the leading lady who has dropped out. He convinces Darrow to take the part; she's persuaded when she learns that the script is being written by her favorite playwright, Jack Driscoll. As the ship prepares to sail -- a departure Carl has hurried along because his backers have already pulled the plug on his funding -- Driscoll (Adrien Brody) stops by to drop off the script, however he hasn't finished it yet. Carl distracts Jack by writing him a check. The delay is just long enough for the ship to cast off, trapping Jack on board and assuring Carl that the now captive scriptwriter will complete his task. Denham has a map of the mysterious Skull Island, and he pays the steamer captain, Englehorn (Thomas Kretschmann), to sail to the island before going to Singapore. En route, Jack Driscoll falls in love with Darrow. Jimmy (Jamie Bell), the youngest member of the crew, is reading Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness. He discusses the book with Mr. Hayes (Evan Parke), the first mate, observing at one point that "it's not an adventure story." The ship, arriving in a dense fog, actually collides with the island. Carl takes a party ashore, where they discover the ruins of an old civilization and encounter the unsettling natives. At first all they see are old women and children, so they believe themselves to be relatively safe. However, their seeming good fortune doesn't last long; one of the film crew is run through with a spear and dies on the spot. The natives grab the others and just as one of them is preparing to crush Denham's skull, Captain Englehorn and his crew show up and start shooting at the natives. The filmmakers and crew manage to escape back to the steamer, but it's still aground. While they work to free the ship, a native sneaks aboard and kidnaps Ann. Driscoll goes looking for Darrow after finding a skull charm on the deck, only to realize she had been taken. He alerts the others and they prepare to go after her. Darrow is dragged, struggling, through the water and up the rocky shore. She is carried to the top of a huge, elaborately carved rock wall at the edge of the village, adorned with a necklace made of bones and claws, and tied to a wooden framework that tilts out from the wall, carrying her across a gorge to small platform on the other side. Out of the jungle comes Kong, an enormous ape. He pulls Darrow loose and carries her away. The film crew and some of the ship's crew, led by first mate Hayes, go into the jungle to rescue Darrow. The captain gives them 24 hours. The jungle is a dangerous place and several of the rescue party die when they are attacked by dinosaurs, then by giant insects. Darrow's attempts to escape from Kong are futile, so she entertains him with dancing and gymnastics. He enjoys it so much that he won't let her stop, pushing and poking her when she tries to rest. She gets angry and Kong goes away, chastened (in part, it must be said, by a boulder that fortuitously falls on his head). Darrow, losing no time, runs in the other direction. She quickly draws the attention of a carnivorous dinosaur, which gives chase, starting a long and heart-stopping fight sequence in which every escape takes her out of the frying pan into the fire. Kong arrives as the dinosaur corners Darrow; the ape picks her up to take her out of harm's way, only to be faced with a second dinosaur. Displaying tremendous strength and determination, he fends them both off for a while one-handed; when she's knocked out of his hand, he catches her with his foot. The fight carries the four of them to the brink of a vine-festooned gorge, where Kong (never letting go of Darrow) forces first one and then the other dinosaur over the edge. But the second one clamps its jaws on his wrist as it falls, pulling Kong down with it. He finally drops Darrow, who becomes entangled in the convenient vines on way down. So, unfortunately, does one of the dinosaurs, and the pendulum motion brings it dangerously close to her every few seconds. Meanwhile Kong struggles with the other dinosaur, also tangled in the vines some distance below. Darrow eventually falls to the bottom of the gorge, landing in shallow water bordered by grassland, but one of the dinos lands nearby and comes right after her. Kong, however, catches up with it and fends it off again. As the adversaries face off after a brief tangle, Darrow stands between them and backs, reluctantly, to shelter between Kong's feet where the dinosaur can't get to her. Kong kills the dinosaur by prying open its jaws. When he departs, Darrow runs after him; he tosses her up to ride on his shoulder. Later, Kong and Darrow watch the sun set from the top of a mountain and she tells him it is beautiful as she taps her chest to convey how the beauty of it has touched her. Eventually she falls asleep in his hand as he yawns from exhaustion. When the ape falls asleep, Driscoll finds them and, after a battle with huge bats, they escape back to the ruins where the rest of the party have gathered to try to capture Kong. Upset that the woman escaped, a furious Kong pursues them back to the ruins to try to get her back. Darrow begs them to stop and to let the great ape be. When Kong gets near she pleads with him to 'just go back' but he doesn't. He continues to try to get her back. The film crew uses chloroform (supplied by the captain) to subdue him and, after a lengthy struggle, Kong is captured and taken back to New York. In New York, Kong is billed as "KING KONG: The Eighth Wonder of the World" at the Alhambra Theater, where Denham and his producers show the big ape for money. They have hired another woman to play the part of Ann Darrow in a re-enactment of the sacrifice. They reportedly had offered the real Ann lots of money to play the part but she refused. Driscoll comes to the Alhambra looking for Darrow, only to find that she isn't there. As he and Carl's assistant Preston (Colin Hanks) look on, Preston tells him that Denham was right -- there is some mystery left in the world, and everyone can have a piece of it for the price of an admission ticket. Driscoll comments that Denham can't help destroying the things he loves. When the curtain goes up, it reveals (to the gasps of the audience) a Kong who seems depressed and lethargic. He perks up a little when they bring out the woman pretending to be Ann Darrow, but he becomes agitated when he realizes she is not the real Ann. Although secured with chains, Kong is lonely for Ann and in a strange and foreign place. Confused and frightened by the crowd and the flashes of the press cameras, he easily breaks free. The audience panics and runs and Kong, who sees and remembers Driscoll, chases him from the theater and gets out into the wintry streets of New York. As passersby scream and run for cover around him, Kong picks up and discards several young blonde women, apparently looking for Ann Darrow. Working at the the De Luxe Theater, Darrow hears the police sirens and people screaming as the ape creates havoc on the streets. When Kong finally finds Darrow -- led to her by Driscoll -- he picks her up and they end up in Central Park where they have a few peaceful, blissful minutes to themselves playing on a frozen lake. Their quiet time ends when the army comes after Kong with artillery shells. Kong takes Darrow and flees to high ground, which in Manhattan means skyscrapers. He climbs to the top of the Empire State Building with her. When the air force attacks, Darrow screams to them to stop but finally the big ape -- having put Darrow safely down -- falls to his death. Around the body of Kong a large crowd has gathered when Carl Denham shows up. "The airplanes got him," says a man. "It wasn't the airplanes," replies Denham. "It was beauty killed the beast."
tt0804497
Comedy,Drama,Romance
After contemplating suicide by jumping off the Brooklyn Bridge, 16-year-old Craig Gilner (Keir Gilchrist), decides to go to the hospital to seek help. Craig tells Dr. Mahmoud (Aasif Mandvi) that he needs immediate help to which Dr. Mahmoud registers Craig for a one week stay in the hospital's psychiatric floor.[2][3] At first, Craig is unsure if he made the right choice to stay, mostly due to the fact that his friends might find out when he misses school, especially Nia (Zo Kravitz), his crush and the girlfriend to his best friend Aaron (Thomas Mann). Also, he is placed in the adult ward because there are too few teenage patients, and he understandbly feels uneasy and a bit scared being in the midst of so many adult psychotics. Craig is introduced to Bobby (Zach Galifianakis), an adult patient who claims he is only there on vacation, as he takes Craig under his wing. During a group discussion, Craig learns that Bobby is stressed about an upcoming interview in hopes of moving to a halfway house. When Bobby states that all he'll have to wear for the interview is the sweater he is currently wearing, Craig offers that Bobby could borrow one of his dad's dress shirts to wear, and Bobby accepts. Craig's kind offer to Bobby is witnessed by Noelle (Emma Roberts), another teenage patient who is in for self-mutilation. She is impressed by Craig and leaves him a note to meet with her that night. Later, Craig and Noelle attend a painting session for the patients. Craig paints a picture of an imaginary city map which he describes as like his own brain. Throughout his stay, Craig comes to a close bond with various patients on the floor including Bobby and Noelle. Bobby reveals to Craig that he is a father of a little girl and that he is actually in the ward for attempting to commit suicide six times. As Craig tries to help Bobby with his problems, Bobby, in return, helps Craig to gain the courage to ask out Noelle. One night, Nia stops by to visit Craig at the hospital, revealing that she and Aaron had broken up. Craig takes Nia back to his room where she tries to seduce him. However, the two are caught by Craig's roommate Muqtada (Bernard White), an old Egyptian man who has not left the room during his stay. As Nia runs out of the room, Criag chases her and calls out that he loves her, unaware that Noelle is standing behind him. Upset, Noelle storms off leaving behind a drawing of a self portrait that she planned on giving to Craig. Craig eventually wins Noelle's forgiveness, and the pair sneak out of the ward in scrubs and run around the hospital, ending up on the roof. There, Craig finally works up the courage to ask her on a date, and they kiss. On Craig's last night, he hosts a pizza party for the patients and helps Muqtada leave his room by playing Egyptian music for him to dance to. Craig also meets with Bobby, who got accepted into the home, and gives him a map of how Craig imagines Bobby's brain to be. Craig leaves the hospital the next morning not entirely cured, but with better aspirations to enjoy his life. He finally gains the courage to speak the truth to his father - which seems to be one of his main problems - perhaps the biggest problem. Dad wants Craig to be a big businessman, but Craig is more clearly cut out for the creative artistic life - painting and singing.
tt0099487
Drama,Fantasy,Romance
One evening, an elderly woman tells her granddaughter a bedtime story of where snow comes from, by telling her the story of a young man named Edward (Johnny Depp), who has scissors for hands, the creation of an old Inventor (Vincent Price). The Inventor's final result was a humanlike young boy who had everything except for hands, but the Inventor suffered a heart attack and died while in the act of giving a pair of real hands to Edward, leaving him "unfinished" forever. Many years after Edward was created, local Avon saleswoman Peg Boggs (Dianne Wiest) visits the decrepit Gothic mansion on the hill where Edward lives. There, she finds Edward alone, and upon realizing he is virtually harmless she decides to take him to her home. Edward becomes friends with Peg's young son Kevin (Robert Oliveri) and her husband Bill (Alan Arkin). He later falls in love with the Boggs' beautiful teenage daughter, Kim (Winona Ryder), despite her initial fear of him. Peg's neighbors are impressed by Edward's adept hedge-trimming and hair-cutting skills (both of which he does with his scissor-hands), but two of the townspeople, a religious fanatic named Esmeralda (O-Lan Jones) and Kim's boyfriend, Jim (Anthony Michael Hall), are not impressed. One of the housewives in the neighborhood, Joyce (Kathy Baker), an ageing seductress, suggests that Edward opens a hair-cutting salon with her. While examining a proposed site, she attempts to seduce him in the back room, causing Edward to leave in a state of panic. Wanting money for a van, Jim takes advantage of Edward's ability to pick locks, and uses this as an attempt to break into his parents' house. The burglar alarm sounds and everyone except Edward flees, despite Kim's angry insistence that they return for him. Edward is arrested, but is released when a psychological examination reveals that his isolation allowed him to live without a sense of reality and common sense. At the same time, the arresting officer befriends him. Meanwhile, infuriated by Edward's rejection, Joyce exacts revenge by claiming that he tried to "rape" her. This, added to the "break-in", causes many of the neighbors to question his personality and, therefore, ruin his popular reputation. During the Christmas season, Edward is feared and outcasted by almost everyone around him except the Boggs family, resulting in the family becoming outcasts as well. While the family is setting up Christmas decorations, Edward creates an angel ice sculpture. The shavings create an effect of falling snow, which Kim dances under. Jim calls out to Kim, distracting her, and Edward accidentally cuts her hand. Jim says that Edward had intentionally harmed her and attacks him. Edward runs away, tearing the clothes Peg gave him, and wanders the neighborhood in a rage. Kim, fed up with Jim's behavior towards Edward, breaks up with him and he goes to his friend's van to get drunk. While Peg and Bill search for Edward, he returns and Kim greets him with a hug. When Kevin is almost run over by Jim's drunk friend, Edward pushes him out of the way, but cuts his face, causing witnesses to think he was attacking him. When the police arrive, Edward flees to his hilltop mansion and the neighbors form an angry mob, led by Joyce, and follow, despite Peg and Bill's pleas. Officer Jim tries to deceive everyone by firing a few shots into the air to give the impression that Edward is dead, but the mob refuses to listen and they continue to the mansion to see if Edward really is dead. Kim runs to the mansion and reunites with Edward. Jim follows her, attacks Edward and angers him when Jim brutally assaults Kim. Edward stabs Jim in the stomach and pushes him out a window to his death. Kim confesses her love for Edward and shares a kiss with him as they say goodbye. Returning downstairs, Kim lies to the townspeople saying that Edward and Jim killed each other in the fight. She tells them that the roof caved in on them and shows them a disembodied scissor-hand similar to that of Edward's. Shocked and saddened over his death, the neighbors return home. At the same time, the guilty Joyce realizes what her lies have done. The elderly woman (who is actually revealed to be Kim in her old age) finishes telling her granddaughter the story, saying that she never saw Edward again. She chose not to visit him because she wanted him to remember her the way she was in her youth. She also mentions that Edward is still alive, seemingly immortal since he is artificial and can never age, and he "creates snow" from his ice sculptures, which falls upon the neighborhood below. She tells her granddaughter that "Sometimes you can still catch me dancing in it." While Edward creates more ice sculptures, a flashback of a young Kim is shown dancing under the snow falling from the angel ice sculpture above her. (Source: WikiPedia.)
tt1334260
Drama,Romance,Sci-Fi
The film begins with onscreen captions explaining that a medical breakthrough in 1952 has permitted the human lifespan to be extended beyond 100 years. Subsequently, the film is narrated by 28-year-old Kathy H. as she reminisces about her childhood at Hailsham, as well as her adult life after leaving the school. The first section of the film depicts young Kathy, along with her friends Tommy and Ruth, spending their childhood at Hailsham, a seemingly idyllic English boarding school. It is subtly revealed that the film is set in an alternate twentieth century. A teacher is fired after telling the pupils of their fate: they exist to provide donor organs for transplants. They will be nurtured to adult age, then they will be available for "selection." After their third "selection" they will "complete" before they can be selected for any more procedures. Some "complete" after their first "selection", while others survive four or more "selections." Tommy is emotionally angry and is teased by the other boys. Kathy falls in love with him. In the second section of the film, the three friends, now teenagers, are rehoused in cottages on a rural farm. They are permitted to leave the grounds if they wish. They do not question the ethics of their situation. At the farm, they meet other graduates of similar places. Kathy, Tom and Ruth are clones who are fascinated by the idea of finding the original people that they were "modeled on". Kathy and her friends are questioned about rumours of the possibility of "deferral," which allows couples several extra years before being "selected" if they are in love and can prove it. Tommy reasons that the art gallery at Hailsham was intended to identify clones who have a soul. Tommy and Ruth become lovers. The lonely Kathy applies to become a "carer", a clone who is taught to drive and trained to give post-operative care to other clones. In exchange for supporting and comforting donors after their organs are harvested, she gets a temporary reprieve from selection. She has become a carer by the time she hears that Tommy and Ruth have split up. In the third section of the film, Kathy has been working as a carer for several years. She has watched many clones "complete." She reunites with Ruth, who is frail after two "selections". Ruth has been keeping track of Kathy and Tommy, and helps Kathy arrange their reunion. Ruth admits that she did not love Tommy and seduced him because she was jealous and afraid to be alone. She is consumed with guilt, and has been searching for a way to help Tommy and Kathy. She believes that Tommy and Kathy would qualify for "deferral." She gives them the address of "Madame," who regularly visited Hailsham and selected student artwork to go into the gallery. Ruth "completes" on the operating table shortly afterward. Tommy tells Kathy that he has been creating art for several years in hopes of a deferral. He and Kathy drive to visit Madame, and learn that deferral does not exist. Tommy's artwork will not help them. The film ends after Tommy has "completed," leaving Kathy alone. Two weeks after losing Tommy, Kathy is notified that her first "selection" will occur in one month. Contemplating their childhood, she speculates whether their fate is really so different from the people who receive their organs. "We all complete. Maybe none of us really understand what we've lived through, or feel we've had enough time."
tt0989757
Drama,Romance,War
Special Forces Army Sergeant John Tyree (Channing Tatum) is home on a two-week leave from Germany. He meets Savannah Curtis (Amanda Seyfried) after he dives into the ocean to retrieve Savannah's purse that had fallen off the pier. John is smitten by Savannah and falls in love at first sight. Savannah is a college student at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. She is on spring break and is helping build a house for Habitat for Humanity. John joins in with Savannah to help build the house. Along the way a budding romance occurs, and Savannah falls deeply in love with John. As she is about to go back to college, she promises to write John overseas during the next 12-months until he returns to her after completing his enlistment. Their love is put to the test when John reenlists after the 9/11 attack. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) The book review is below: ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Setting:Wilmington, NC and Lenior, NC. Begins in 2000 and ends with epilogue in 2006. Dear John is a three part book that starts out with 23 year-old John Tyree, an army enlistee. The Prologue starts of with the ultimate question, "What does it mean to truly love another?" John Tyree watches as he relives every memory, emotion, and touch while falling in love with Savannah Lynn Curtis. Part I John as a little kid struggled with finding the balance between himself and his father. While on leave from the Army, he meets Savannah. She goes to UNC Chapel Hill in North Carolina and is in Wilmington, NC to work for Habitat for Humanity. They become quick friends after John dives into deep ocean water in order to retrieve her fallen purse. At a bonfire, with wild college students, John meets Savannah's friend Tim Wheddon. John quickly learns of how inviting and mature Savannah and Tim really are. After the initial meet, John and Savannah meet again at the beach where he teaches her to surf. They then quickly more than just friends. At the end of John's leave, Savannah meets with him at the pier. She mentions that she thinks John's distant father has Asperger's. Asperger's is a developmental disorder which would explain why John's dad is distant, has the same exact schedule and conversation everyday, and is fairly only interested in his gigantic coin collection. After having this conversation, John quickly gets mad and accidentally hits Tim right in the nose, breaking it himself. Savannah and Tim forgive John for what he did. Before he departs, he promises Savannah he'll marry her when he completes his deployment. Part II, John comes home on leave and him and Savannah spend a very close night together while at one of the empty project houses for Habit for Humanity. Savannah writes him a letter, beginning with Dear John, that promises her love to him. John is very excited to come home to Savannah; however, due to 9/11, John feels the duty to reenlist in the Army. After years away from each other, Savannah writes John another letter. It starts with Dear John and ends with good-bye. Part III John's father dies after suffering from several heart attacks. He sees Savannah one day and finds out that she married Tim and has been living with Tim and his brother Alan, who suffers from Autism. Tim, while in his death bed, asks John to make Savannah happy and marry her when he passes away. John, making the decision of his life, sells his father's coin collection in order for Tim to find treatment for his Melanoma. John decides to do this after realizing that if a man is selfless enough to let the love of his love go to another man, than he is worth living. Tim was on his death bed but still cared for Savannah's safety and happiness. The treatment for Tim works and he is released from the hospital. John does not regret ever loving Savannah. The Epilogue ends while John is watching Savannah. He sees her staring at the full moon, proving her unending love for John.
tt0343660
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Henry Roth (Adam Sandler) is a wildlife veterinarian in Hawaii, who meets Lucy Whitmore (Drew Barrymore) a woman who has a short-term memory loss from an auto accident a year earlier. Henry is a ladies man on the island who has been breaking the hearts of female tourists for years. Henry meets Lucy at a local cafe and takes her out on a date. Henry falls in love with Lucy, but there is one problem when she awakens in the morning, she can't remember him or anything that happened that day. Henry must devise a plan to meet Lucy everyday and try to get her to fall in love with him again and again. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0100405
Comedy,Romance
A very successful, wealthy lawyer, Edward Lewis, hires a beautiful and unlikely prostitute, Vivian Ward (Julia Roberts), from Sunset Blvd to bring along to various business events. An attraction developes between the two, and Edward finds it harder and harder to let the infectious, kind-hearted Vivian go. Businessman Edward Lewis (Richard Gere) breaks up with his girlfriend, who doesn't want to be at his "beck and call" at a swanky party held by his partner Philip Stuckey, and cuts loose in Stuckey's Lotus. He gets lost and stops along Hollywood Boulevard for directions from hooker Vivenne Ward (Julia Roberts). She charges, gets in and ends up driving him to his hotel in Beverley Hills. He asks her up to his penthouse suite on a whim and pays her to stay all night, although seems uncomfortable at first. The following morning he asks her to stay all week for $3000. He also gives her money for clothes and says she needs to be at his "beck and call" with no strings attached. She calls her room-mate Kit (Laura San Giacomo) to leave her money for the rent, and goes shopping on Rodeo Drive for more appropriate clothes. However, snooty saleswomen won't serve her as she is still dressed like a hooker, and she returns to the hotel, where she gets stopped by the hotel manager, Barney (Hector Elizondo). He wants to make it clear that they are making an exception having her at the hotel as Edward is such a special guest. Vivienne gets upset as she still has no outfit for dinner, and Barney helps her, along with coaching her on dinner etiquette. When Edwards returns, he is amazed by Vivienne's new look. The business dinner goes well, but Edward is preoccupied with the deal afterwards. The next day, Vivienne tells him about the experience shoppingt the previous day, and Edward takes her back to spend an obscene amount of money on clothes, leaving her to go back to his work as she is transformed from hooker to lady. She goes back to the shop from the previous day to show them the big mistake they made! Back at hotel, she looks like a genuine guest, but when Edward gets home he is still busy with work, and they take a bath together and talk into the night about their pasts and how they ended up where they are today. The following day, Edward takes Vivienne to the polo. While Vivienne chats to David Morse, the grandson of the man involved in Edward's latest deal, Philip is worried she is a spy. Edward reassures him by telling him how they met, and Philip then comes on to Vivienne. When they return to the hotel, she is furious with Edward for telling him, and plans to leave, but he persuades her to see out the week. Edward leaves work early the next day and takes Vivienne on a date to the Opera in his private jet. She clearly is moved by the music, and says "If I forget to tell you later, I had a wonderful time tonight". On returning to the hotel, he falls asleep (the first time we have seen this) while she is getting ready for bed, and she kisses him on the lips - she doesn't do this with clients - and they make love as partners, rather than client and hooker. Over breakfast, Edward offers to put her up in an apartment so he can continue seeing her, but she feels insulted and says this is not the fairytale she wants. He then goes off to work without resolving the situation. Kit comes to the hotel and sees that she has fallen for him, but she denies it. Edward meets Morse, about to close the deal, and changes his mind at the last minute. His time with Vivienne has shown him another way of being - taking time off and enjoying life - and working. He wants to create things rather than just making money. Philip is livid, and goes to the hotel. Vivienne is there and he blames her for changing Edward - he comes onto her again, and then hits her before Edward returns and pulls him off and chucks him out. Vivienne leaves, and is seen back at home with Kit, packing up to leave for San Franscisco. Edward gets into the car with the chauffeur that took her home, and rather than going to the airport, he goes to her apartment and climbs up the fire escpae (despite being afraid of heights) with a rose in his mouth, to woo her like in a fairy-story.
tt0454945
Comedy,Romance,Sport
Viola Hastings (Amanda Bynes) is a high school soccer player who learns that the girls' team at her school, Cornwall, is being cut. After her request to join the boys' team is refused, she finds a way to play for Cornwall's rival Illyria. Viola's twin brother Sebastian, whom she resembles physically, is supposed to enter Illyria as a new student. However, he plans to visit London secretly to enter a contest with his rock band. Sebastian asks Viola to cover for him by telling the school that he is sick and each of their parents (who are divorced) that he is staying with the other. Viola instead decides to pass herself off as Sebastian and join the boys' soccer team at Illyria. She hopes to beat the Cornwall team and humiliate her goalie ex-boyfriend Justin (Robert Hoffman). With the help of her friends Paul (Jonathan Sadowski), Kia (Amanda Crew), and Yvonne (Jessica Lucas), Viola becomes "Sebastian". At Illyria, Viola's roommate is Duke Orsino (Channing Tatum), a good-looking striker on the soccer team. Kia and Yvonne agree to help Viola make her alter ego seem popular by pretending to be in love with "Sebastian". Viola also publicly breaks up with the real Sebastian's girlfriend, Monique. Duke and his friends are impressed, but Viola's soccer skills are still not good enough to make first string. It looks like Viola may not be able to play in the game against Cornwall after all. After spending so much time with him, Viola realizes that she has fallen in love with Duke. However, Duke is only interested in Viola's lab partner, Olivia (Laura Ramsey). In exchange for Viola's help in getting Olivia's attention, Duke agrees to put in extra soccer practice time with her. The practice pays off when Coach Dinklage (Vinnie Jones) promotes Viola to first string. By this time, Olivia has developed a crush on "Sebastian". Since "Sebastian" isn't interested in her, Olivia decides to go out with Duke to make him jealous. Meanwhile, Monique and her friend Malcolm find out Viola's secret identity. The plot is complicated when the real Sebastian returns from London early. When he arrives at Illyria, Olivia runs up and kisses him. Duke sees this and thinks his roommate has betrayed him. He kicks Viola out of their room. On the day of the big game, Monique and Malcolm reveal the truth about Viola to Principal Gold. But because Viola has overslept, the real Sebastian winds up on the field playing in what should be his sister's spot. Principal Gold stops the game but Sebastian proves that he really is a boy yanking off his shorts and exposing his penis. At half time, Viola explains the situation to Sebastian and they switch places again. Duke is still angry with "Sebastian" and refuses to pass the ball to Viola. She tries to explain that she really is a girl, finally convincing Duke and everyone else by showing them her breasts. The coach agrees to let Viola keep playing anyway. Illyria wins the game on a penalty kick when Viola scores a goal by tricking her ex-boyfriend Justin. Everyone at Illyria rejoices after the victory, except for Duke who is hurt at Viola's deception. She invites Duke to her debutante ball, where they reconcile. As the movie ends, Viola is seen playing on Illyria's soccer team.
tt0089469
Adventure,Fantasy,Romance
The Lord of Darkness (Tim Curry) alone in his chamber, calls his minion the goblin Blixx (Alice Playten). He confides to Blixx that he wishes to kill the last two unicorns so that darkness will fall upon the world, allowing him to emerge from his cave where he is shielded from the sunlight that is his enemy. He cannot approach the unicorns, he tells Blixx, because only the pure can find them. Only someone innocent and pure, such as the Princess Lily (Mia Sara), can attract the unicorns. He sends Blixx and his two companions, Pox (Peter O'Farrell) and Blunder (Kiran Shah)to set a trap with orders to bring the unicorn's horn back to him. The scene shifts to Princess Lilly all innocence and mischief, heading to the enchanted forest. Along the way the playful young teen visits her friend Nell (Tina Martin) a kindly peasant who lives at the edge the woods. She warns Lilly that visiting the woods is not a princess-like activity, but Lily goes anyway, leaving as quickly as she arrived amid Nell's warnings of things to forest things avoid. Lily's real plan is to visit her beloved Jack(Tom Cruise), a forest child and trusted friend to all the creatures that live there. Unknown to the two lovers, Blixx and his companions have found them and although the goblins are repelled by the teens' beauty and goodness, they follow Jack and Lily knowning that the youngsters will sooner or later attract the targeted unicorns. Unaware of the danger, Jack and Lily play in the forest glades together like children. Then Jack tells her that he has a special surprise, taking her to see the last two unicorns - a mare and a stallion. These are sacred animals, guradians of purity, innocence and all that is good. Mortals like Jack and Lily are not permitted to see--let along touch them, but Lily, delighted by their beauty and against Jack's warning--approaches them and gently pats one on the nose. Although the unicorns appear to be as pleased by Lily as she is by them, she has unwittingly made them vulnerable. Blix, hiding from sight, seizes the opportunity presented by Lilly's charm of the unicorns, to fire a poisoned dart into the flank trusting stallion. Stung and in pain, the stallion gallops away followed by the mare. Blix's party gives chase while unknowing, Lilly, delighted by the experience, but puzzled by the unicorns sudden departure, returns to Jack. But Jack is very angry at her for desecrating the unicorn with her human touch. Lily, though not at all contrite, apologises teasing Jack by telling him that she will marry the man that finds her ring. She tosses the ring and it falls into a pond. Jack leaps to his feet and dives into the water to retrieve it. Meanwhile Blix and his party overtake the dying stallion and cut off the magical horn. Without the power of the stallion the world plunges into sudden, severe winter. The onset of a blizzard and the howling winds drive Lily to seek shelter. Meanwhile, below the surface of the pond Jack seeks unsuccessfully for Lily's ring. Out of breath, he swims to the surface but his way blocked by thick ice. Using the last of his strength to smash though, he crawls, gasping, to the shore, perplexed by the sudden snow and cold. Lilly, meanwhile, seeks refuge at Nell's house, but finds everyone and everything inside frozen solid. Hearing approaching riders, she hides in the loft when Blix and his triumphant party arrive seeking food and loot. Listening from her hiding place she overhears them bragging about what they have done and realizes it was her sin that provided them the opportunity. As they leave to deliver to horn to Lord Darkness she vows to follow them and make everything right again. At the same time Jack encounters a group of fairy folk led by the pan-like Honeythorn Gump (David Bennent). and his companions, two dwarves, Screwball (Billy Barty) and Brown Tom (Cork Hubbert) and Oona (Annabelle Lanyon) - a Tinkerbell-like pixie who only appears as a firefly sized point of light. The fey are also confused by the sudden change of climate. Upon careful questioning by Gump, Jack admits that he took Lilly to see the unicorns. Gump is outraged but forgives Jack when he realizes that Jack's motives had only been driven by love. Jack and rest of the group discover the mutilated body of the stallion and the still living mare. Gump tells Jack that a hero is needed right things. Jack protests that he is not a hero, but Gump leads him to a cave leaving Brown Tom to guard the mare. While the others wait outside Oona guides Jack into the cave to find armor and weapons that he will need. There, Oona reveals to Jack that she is able to assume the form of a beautiful wood fairy and tells him to keep her secret. Around the camp-fire that night Blix torments his companions with the magic of the horn when the cloaked form of Lord Darkness appears. Blix, trying to avoid Darkness's wrath, drops the horn and it is picked up by Blunder who tell Darkness he will use the horn's power to take over Darkness's throne. Unfortunately, he has greatly overestimated what the horn can do. Darkness seizes the horn and forces Blunder back to the underground lair. Still angry, Darkness orders Blix to capture the Princess and the mare. Lilly, who has been following the goblins, witnesses this exchange and races back to find the mare. She runs into Brown Tom and warns him of Blix's approach. She is too late and although Tom puts up a good fight, he is knocked cold and the Princess and the mare are captured and taken to Darkness's underground palace. When Jack, Gump, Screwball and Oona return they revive Tom and he tells them what has happened. The group sets out for the palace, but must first cross a swamp. There, Jack runs into the troll-like Meg Mucklebones (Robert Picardo). She threatens to eat Jack, but he distracts her with her own image in his mirror-like shield until he can use his sword to cut off her head. This is the first real challenge Jack has faced and he is quite overwhelmed when he realizes he has bested a powerful enemy. Still, enemies more powerful still lie ahead. Arriving at the castle the group stumble through a trap door, down a slide, and into cages of the palace's kitchen. There we learn that Darkness and the goblins are not above cannibalism. Various creatures in other cages await their turn to be made into meals by the kitchen staff, a pair of trolls. In the next cage they find Blunder, who beneath his armor is actually a creature closely related to the dwarves. Just as they are becoming acquainted one of the giant trolls appears and seizes Blunder as the main ingredient of a meat pie. Jack asks Oona to retrieve the keys to their cell but Gump points out that she is too small to carry them. Jack then reveals Oona's ability to assume human size. Oona is outraged at Jack's betrayal of her secret, but he tells her that if he keeps her secret they will all die. Gump, angered at Oona, demands to know why she has kept this information from him, but she challenges him that her secrets are her own to keep. She then turns to Jack seductively and even after using her glamour to assume Lily's form, finds that Jack will not sway from his own true love. Although she is angered by his rejection, she knows that he is the only hope against Darkness, so she retrieves the keys and sets her companions free. They escape the kitchen and split up to search for Lilly and the mare. Meanwhile, Darkness is complaining to an unseen father that he is distracted by Lily and doesn't understand why. The father's voice, emanating from the fireplace, states that Lily attracts him because she is so pure. He suggests that Darkness seduce Lily and corrupt her. Lily has been brought to the palace's throne room where Darkness' servants have laid out things things to tempt her: There is food, beautiful jewelry and a faceless dancing form wearing a revealing black dress. At first Lily is frightened but soon the seductive spell begins to affect her, luring her to dance with the black shrouded figure. A sudden flash finds Lily dancing alone, garbed in the sparkling black dress; a fit queen for the Lord of Darkness. Believing his techniques have worked on her, Lord Darkness enters the chamber through a mirror. He is a seven foot tall, hairless, muscular being with crimson skin, yellow slit-pupil eyes, hooved feet and crowned with three foot long ebony bull's horns. Terrified Lily squirms away from him. Darkness, however, keeps his distance and tells Lily he only seeks her conversation. Slowly, Lily's confidence returns as she realizes Darkness' attraction to her. Soon, Darkness, not Lily is the one who's being played. When he tells Lilly the dress and jewels are her wedding presents she stands up to him and tells him it will never happen. Even his frustrated rage no longer frightens her. Outside the room Jack and Gump overhear Darkness tell Lilly his plans to sacrifice the mare at sunset to bring eternal darkness to the world. Overconfident, Darkness reveals the one thing that can hurt him: sunlight. This inspires Jack with an idea. They rejoin Screwball and Brown Tom who have located the mare in the dungeon. Jack leads the group to steal the shiny silver platters from the kitchen to use to reflect sunlight down the chimney, though the palace and into the underground lair. The group returns to the kitchen and there release a grateful Blunder from the pie in which he was the main ingredient. Blunder eagerly switches sides to join the intrepid heroes. Unfortunately moving the heavy giant platters awakens the kitchen trolls and a battle ensues, ultimately won by Jack using his new heroic skills and a lot of luck. Screwball, being the smallest, volunteers to climb up the chimney carrying one of the platters so that it might catch the sunlight to reflect down into the lair. The rest of the group place more platters at strategic points throughout the underground palace. Lily, meanwhile, has convinced Darkness that she will marry him willingly on one condition. She wants to be the one to kill the mare! Ecstatically he agrees. Screwball and the final plate make it to the surface but unfortunately the elderly Screwball is so exhausted by the climb he has fallen asleep at the the chimney opening. Jack and Gump find the site of the intended sacrifice and slip inside while Oona flies frantically to find Screwball to see what is taking so long. Hiding on a ledge above, Gump and Jack observe the beginning of the ceremony. Darkness, holding the stallion's horn proclaims his intent to use it to kill the female. Proudly, he passes the horn to Lilly, who stands beside him, for all intents appearing the perfect wife for the master of evil. Gump, convinced she has joined Darkness, tells Jack to shoot her with an arrow. But Jack, trusting in his love for Lilly, hesitates. Fulfilling his trust, Lilly severs the mare's chain, shouting at the unicorn to flee. Enraged, Darkness strikes Lilly into unconsiousness. Jack leaps to her defense but he is no match for Darkness's strength, magical power and psychologically aimed taunts. Meanwhile, Oona finds and awakens Screwball. Together they angle the final platter to reflect sunlight down the chimney shaft. The light darts through the palace corridors and blows the doors off the dungeon and striking Darkness and opening an abyss behind him which threatens to suck him in. The evil lord, caught and weakened by the sunlight, clings to one of the pillars until Jack to cuts off his hand. Unable to hold on any longer Darkness drops unicorn horn and is swept into the starlit abyss. His last words to Jack are that he cannot be destroyed because there can never be light unless there is also Darkness. Gump brings the stallion's horn back whith then and replaces it on the stallion's head. The stallion awakes fully restored and is joined by the mare. With that, the world is released from its relentless winter. All is back to normal except that Lily does not waken. Gump tells Jack that she is under a deep spell. Jack once more leaps into the pond and this time emerges holding Lily's ring. He slips it onto her finger and kisses her. His love awakens her, but she is changed by her experience. While still good and pure as before, she now respects the powers of the wood. They leave the wood together while their fairy friends wave farewell. The final shot is of Darkness, still alive in an unknown place, laughing as he plans his revenge.
tt0376136
Comedy,Drama
Paul Kemp (Johnny Depp) is an aspiring author who hasn't been able to sell a book. Instead, he applies for a job at a newspaper in San Juan, Puerto Rico. He gets the job and meets Sala (Michael Rispoli), who gets him acclimated and tells him he thinks the newspaper will fold soon. Kemp is given the horoscope section. He's staying at a hotel and meets Chenault (Amber Heard), who's avoiding a Union Carbide party there. Kemp is immediately smitten with her. Kemp is an alcoholic and his boss Lotterman (Richard Jenkins) tells him to stop drinking. Kemp also meets Moberg (Giovanni Ribisi), a deadbeat who can't be fired. Waiting for an interview, Kemp meets Sanderson (Aaron Eckhart), a freelance realtor, who takes him home to discuss Kemp writing ads for him. Chenault is Sanderson's fiancee, but pretends not to know him. Kemp moves in with Sala, who also rooms with Moberg. The place is horribly unkempt and poor. Sala keeps cockerels for cockfighting. Kemp begins to see the poverty of San Juan, but his boss doesn't want him to write about it, as it's bad for tourism. Moberg returns with leftover filters from a rum plant containing high-proof alcohol. Moberg has been fired, and wants to kill Lotterman. He also likes Nazi records. Kemp visits Sanderson and spies him making love to Chenault. He meets Zimburger (Bill Smitrovich) and Segarra (Amaury Nolasco), who want him to help with a real estate scam. Sanderson yells at some locals who are walking onto his beach. Later, Sala and Kemp are driving, and the locals attack them. The police arrive and break up the fight, then throw Sala and Kemp in jail. Sanderson gets them out. The next day, Kemp meets with Sanderson's crew, who tell him that the US military is relinquishing the lease on some prime real estate, and he is asked to pick up Chenault from her house. They share a moment. Zimburger takes Kemp and Sala to see the island property, then they head to St. Thomas for Carnival. He finds Chenault, and they wind up on Sanderson's boat. Sanderson is unhappy that Sala is involved. At night, they go to a club, and Chenault dances with locals, which enrages Sanderson even more. The next day, Chenault is gone, and Sanderson tells Kemp that he blew it. When Salas and Kemp return home, Moberg tells them that Lotterman has left. He also sells them some drugs, which they take. In an rum- and drug-induced stupor, they wander about the docks. Kemp works on a newspaper story. Lotterman returns, but won't publish Kemp's story. Chenault shows up at Kemp's place, and Sanderson disowns her. Sanderson withdraws his bail, and Kemp and Sala are wanted. Moberg also tells them that Lotterman has closed the paper. Kemp decides to print a last issue, telling the truth about Lotterman and Sanderson, as well as the stories Lotterman declined. To gain money to print the last edition, Kemp, Sala, and Moberg place a big cockfighting bet. They visit a hermaphrodite witch doctor to lay a blessing on their cockerel. They win, but the newspaper machines have been confiscated. The dream dies. Kemp continues his quest, stealing Sanderson's boat. The end credits explain that Kemp made it back to New York, married Chenault, and became a successful journalist.
tt1559547
Drama,Fantasy,Romance
In Gatlin, South Carolina, Ethan Wate awakens from a recurring dream of a girl he does not know. In voice-over narration, he describes his enjoyment of reading banned books, his despair of his small-town existence, and his dreams of leaving for college. Arriving for his first day of junior year, Ethan notices newcomer Lena Duchannes, who resembles the girl he has been dreaming about. The other students do not take kindly to her and spread gossip regarding Lena's reclusive uncle, Macon Ravenwood, and suggest that her family includes devil worshippers. Overhearing these whispers, Lena tenses and the classroom windows shatter, amplifying the fears and suspicions of the class and the townspeople at large that she is a witch. On a drive home, Ethan nearly runs over Lena, whose car has broken down. He gives her a ride home and the two bond over their shared love of poetry and having both lost their mothers. Ethan drops Lena off but later finds a locket and returns to the mansion to give it to her as a present. The touch of a locket triggers a shared flashback to the American Civil War, after which Ethan awakens at his home. Macon disapproves of their growing romance and conspires with Ethan's family friend, Amma, to keep the two separated. However, Ethan continues to pursue Lena until she confesses that she and her family are "casters," who are capable of performing a variety of magical spells such as changing the weather and casting illusions. On her 16th birthday, Lena's true nature will steer her towards either the light or the dark; Lena fears the latter, as it entails being consumed by evil and hurting those she loves. Ethan insists she is responsible for her own choices and reassures her that she is a good person. Matters are complicated by the arrival of two immensely powerful dark casters who aim to push Lena to the dark: Ridley, Lena's provocative cousin/childhood friend, and Sarafine, Lena's mother, who has possessed Mrs. Lincoln, the mother of Ethan's friend Link. Sarafine foresees that Lena will become an even more powerful caster and intends for Lena to use her newfound power to purge the Earth of humans, leaving Casters to rule in their wake. Lena and Ethan use the locket to re-experience the whole flashback, which reveals their ancestors, caster Genevieve Duchannes and mortal Confederate soldier Ethan Carter Wate were in love. Ethan Carter was shot in battle and Genevieve revived him using a forbidden spell that caused her to go dark and curse all the Duchannes family's women. They consult with Amma, who is in a seer/keeper of a caster library beneath the town library. The most ancient of these books, the Book of Moons, reveals the secret to undoing the curse: one of Lena's loved ones has to die. Unwilling to take Ethan's life, Lena instead erases his memories of their time together. Ridley seduces Link and gives him a bullet to use in an upcoming Civil War reenactment of the Battle of Honey Hill which will take place on Lena's birthday. During the reenactment, Link and Ethan agree to "kill" each-other so they can ditch the reenactment. While at the ceremony for her 16th birthday, Lena feels the shock of the curse being broken and runs off to Ethan, clutching his dying body as Ridley and Sarafine encourage her to surrender to grief and accept the dark. Lena lashes out in anger, sending lightning strikes through the crowd of reenactors until Ethan transforms into Macon, who had previously disguised himself as Ethan to become the needed sacrifice. His dying words encourage Lena to "claim yourself"; she then causes the moon to disappear so it cannot claim her for the dark. Lena allows Ridley to flee and pulls Sarafine from Mrs. Lincoln's body, using her power to seal Sarafine's spirit away. Months later, a still-amnesiac Ethan stops by the library to visit Amma before leaving for a college campus tour with Link. He apologizes to Lena for not having got to know her during their time in Gatlin. Lena is then seen in the caster library, where it is revealed that she has claimed herself as a half dark/light caster. Meanwhile, just after Link drives past the town line, Ethan recalls their memories together. He gets out of the car to call Lena's name. Lena hears and the movie ends.
tt0118842
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Holden McNeil (Ben Affleck) and Banky Edwards (Jason Lee) are comic book artists and lifelong friends. Holden is the calmer, more reasonable of the duo; Banky, meanwhile, is the caustic and short-tempered half. The story opens at a comic book convention in New York City where the two are promoting their latest comic series 'Bluntman and Chronic'. After Holden breaks up a fight between Banky and an antagonistic fan, they attend a panel discussion where they meet Alyssa Jones (Joey Lauren Adams). She is a struggling comic book writer whom is friends with the African-American comic book writer and activist Hooper (Dwight Ewell) who puts on this militant image to hide his flamboyantly gay personality. That evening, the four go out for drinks together at a local bar where Holden is attracted to Alyssa based on their conversation during a dart game. Through Hooper she invites Holden to a get together at a bar she frequents. Banks comes along and while there Alyssa is asked to sing a song. During the song Banky notices that they are in a female gay bar and that Alyssa is singing the love song to a woman in the audience and not to Holden who thinks the song is for him. The four of them end up at a booth and Alyssa and Banky have an involved conversation about sex with women while Holden broods, visibly upset about Alyssa being a lesbian. However, they have discovered they are both from the same area of New Jersey and the two begin hanging out, and a deep friendship develops. During their discussions it is clear that Holden has a very narrow heterosexual view on male female relationships and sex in general. The new friendship does not sit well with the homophobic Banky, who dislikes and distrusts Alyssa and is bothered by the relationship that develops between her and Holden. Holden and Banky's business relationship suffers as well -- the two had been on the verge of signing a lucrative deal to turn Bluntman and Chronic into television show and Banky feels that Holden is no longer taking their combined efforts or the TV show seriously. Eventually, Holden is no longer able to contain his feelings, and confesses his love to Alyssa. She is initially angry with him and walks away. Holden follows her and they have a heated discussion about their relationship and she walks away again. Holden is confused and while returning to his vehicle Alyssa runs up, they embrace and that night the two begin a romantic relationship. Banky walks in the next morning and finds them together sleeping on his couch in the studio. This new development worsens the tension between Holden and Banky who distrusts Alyssa and that his friend is going to be hurt when the relationship fails. Banky runs across an old friend who grew up with Alyssa who tells him a sexual adventure story from Alyssa's past. Banky reports to Holden that Alyssa participated in a threesome with two guys during high school, which earned her the nickname "Finger Cuffs" for getting it from both ends. Holden is deeply disturbed by this revelation, having believed based on their conversations about love and sex that he is the first man Alyssa had ever slept with. Holden asks advice from Hooper who tells him that if he wants his relationship with Alyssa to work, he must be honest and truthful and ask Alyssa about her past. Hooper also tells Holden he believes the issue with Banky is that Banky is jealous and in love with him and that his macho sexual banter is a disguise for his true feelings. The following evening, Holden confronts Alyssa while attending a hockey game and he clumsily attempts baiting her into confessing, which she eventually does, prompting her to storm out of the arena. During a tearful argument in the parking lot, she tells Holden about her youthful sexual experimentation involving men. She apologizes for letting him believe that he was the only man she had been with but justifies it by saying she could see that he took pleasure in the thought. However, she refuses to apologize for her past and Holden leaves feeling angry and confused. Later, during lunch at a local diner with the local stoners and drug dealers Jay and Silent Bob (Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith), who were the inspiration for the Bluntman and Chronic comic book characters, Holden gives them their monthly residual pay for sales of the comic book. Here he confides in them about his troubled feelings and relationship with Alyssa. Speaking more than one line for the first time, Silent Bob mentions chasing Amy and reveals that he was once in a relationship "a couple of years ago" which was similar to Holden's. Despite the fact that he was in love with his girlfriend, Amy, his insecurities about her adventurous sexual past caused him to sabotage the relationship and leave her. Angry at himself for letting her go, he has "spent every day since then chasing Amy". Inspired by Silent Bob's story, Holden devises a plan to fix both his relationship with Alyssa and his fractured friendship with Banky. He invites them both over and tells Alyssa that he would like to get over her past and remain her boyfriend. He also tells Banky that he realizes that Banky is in love with him... kissing him passionately to prove the point. Holden suggests that the three of them should have sex with each other in a threesome so he will no longer be envious of Alyssa's broader experiences and it will resolve Banky's issues with them as a couple. Banky reluctantly agrees to participate. Alyssa is appalled and refuses, at which Banky expresses his relief. Alyssa tries to explain to Holden why his plan is so wrong. Before leaving, she states that she will always love him but her past is in the past and she will not be his whore and slaps him across his face. Banky then leaves without saying a word. One year later, the story has Banky busy promoting his own new comic book at a convention in New York. It is revealed that Holden has dissolved their partnership over Bluntman and Chronic, leaving the viewer with the assumption that he sold the publishing and creative rights over to Banky (which is corroborated in the beginning of 'Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back'). Banky looks over and sees Holden at a distance, who silently congratulates him for his success on the new book. Banky gestures over to a booth hosted by Alyssa who is promoting her own comic, and provides wordless encouragement with a hand gesture implying a coming together to Holden to go talk to her. Holden has a brief poignant conversation with Alyssa, and gives her a copy of 'Chasing Amy', his new comic based on their failed relationship. Holden asks her to contact him. After Holden leaves, Alyssa's girlfriend (Virginia Smith) comes back to the booth and asks who that was. Alyssa feigns indifference,casually tosses his comic on the floor behind her and replies, "Oh, just some guy I knew." She then turns to sign the next fan's material.
tt0286499
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Jesminder "Jess" Bhamra (Parminder Nagra) is the 18-year-old daughter of Punjabi Sikhs living in London. Juliette "Jules" Paxton (Keira Knightley) is the same age and the daughter of a native English family. Jess is infatuated with football, but because she's a woman, her family won't let her play. However, she sometimes plays in the park with boys including her best friend, Tony (Ameet Chana), a closet homosexual. Whilst on a jog through the park, Jules discovers Jess' skills, befriends her, and invites her to try out for the local women's football team, the Hounslow Harriers coached by Joe (Jonathan Rhys Meyers). Jess is extremely happy and excited about the tryouts, even though Joe is skeptical about a new player joining the team. After seeing Jess' skills, Joe accepts her on the team and Jess lies to Joe about her parents being cool with the idea. Jess develops an attraction toward Joe, and when the team plays in Hamburg and goes out clubbing, they're caught about to kiss by Jules, who also has a crush on Joe, souring Jess and Jules' friendship, as Jules is adamant she'd told Jess about her crush. When Jess goes to Jules' house to try to patch up their friendship, Jules' mother (Juliet Stevenson) is misled and thinks they're hiding a lesbian relationship. Meanwhile, having discovered that Jess has been playing football behind their backs, Jess' parents (Anupam Kher) and (Shaheen Khan) become more strict and forbid Jess from playing any more matches. The elder Bhamras are also distracted by their elaborate wedding plans for Jess' older sister, Pinky (Archie Panjabi). Thanks to Jess and Jules' skills, the Harriers reach the finals of the league tournament. Unfortunately, the final and Pinky's wedding are on the same day. Joe pleads with Mr. Bhamra to allow Jess to play, but Mr. Bhamra refuses, revealing that he doesn't want Jess to suffer the same way he did when he was kicked out of the cricket club because of his being an Indian. Joe accepts that Jess isn't allowed to play, and the final begins without her. But halfway through Pinky's wedding, Tony convinces Mr. Bhamra to let Jess go. He agrees, and Tony drives Jess to the game, where the Harriers are losing 1-0 with half an hour left. Jess and Jules tie the score, and when Jess is awarded a free kick, she must bend the ball around the wall of players to score. She succeeds and the Harriers win the tournament. Jess and Jules are offered scholarships at Santa Clara University in California, which Jules tells her parents immediately, whereas Jess has trouble telling hers. Jules and her mother arrive at the wedding so that Jules can celebrate with Jess. When Mrs. Paxton accuses Jess of being a hypocrite and a lesbian, Jules grabs her mother and runs off in shame. Jess still hasn't told her parents about the scholarship. Tony decides to lie to the family and tells them he's engaged to Jess as long as she gets to go to any college she wants. Jess reveals the lie and her mother blames Jess's father for allowing her to play and refuses Tony's proposal. Jess's father convinces her mother to accept Tony after telling her he doesn't want Jess suffering like he did. Jess flees to the football field to tell Joe of her parent's decision. The two almost kiss, but Jess pulls away, saying her parents would object, and that although they had come far enough to let her go to America to play, she doesn't think they would be able to handle another cultural rebellion from her. On the day of Jess' and Jules' flight, Jules' mother gives her daughter a football jersey and wishes her good luck. The two are about to board the plane when Joe arrives and confesses his love for Jess. The two kiss and Jess agrees to sort out their relationship (and her parents) when she returns for Christmas. Jess and Jules send their parents a team photograph, and it is revealed that Pinky is pregnant. Mr. Bhamra practices cricket with Joe's help.
tt0283111
Comedy,Romance
the god on campus is Van Wilder. with interest in all sorts of subjects ends up being on the campus for 7years. Realizing this his father decides to not pay for tuitions and cut his losses. thus begins the journey of this Hunk who can Throw the wildest parties and is also cares for the sick guys in the dorm. He holds an annual audition for his assistant of the year, trusted more than professors at the college. Just go see the movie.... it is fun to come over one' own fears.
tt0290002
Comedy,Romance
In this sequel to 'Meet the Parents,' Gaylord Greg Focker (Ben Stiller) has finally invited his fiance's parents, ex-CIA agent Jack Byrnes and his wife Dina (Robert DeNiro and Blythe Danner) to meet his parents. Jack wants to know if Greg came from a good gene pool. Jack discovers that the Fockers are very strange. The Dad, Bernard (Dustin Hoffman) is a hippie and retired lawyer, and the Mom, Roz (Barbara Streisand) is an open sex therapist. Jack begins to thinks this is not a good family for his daughter to marry into. Greg's parents are so proud of Greg that they have a wall of honor with Greg's ninth and tenth place sports awards. The two families try to become one family.
tt0822854
Action,Drama,Thriller
As the film opens, US Special Forces sniper Bob Lee Swagger (Mark Wahlberg) and his scout Donny Fenn (Lane Garrison) lie in wait in the hills of Ethiopia, ready to deliver covering fire for a US convoy heading back to base through hostile country. They pass the time with small talk, and Donny looks at a photo of his wife, Sarah (Kate Mara). Far below, a lone truck carrying a machine gun in the back speeds towards the American convoy. Swagger takes out the shooter and driver, each with a single shot to the head. It seems like the mission is over as the Americans make their way down the road until a horde of hostile militia appear, firing on the soldiers. Donny relays target information while Swagger systematically picks off numerous hostiles, allowing the US forces to escape. Protecting the convoy has revealed the sniper's position, and soon the two snipers are under heavy fire. Back at base, their commanding officer is more concerned about avoiding detection, as the Americans aren't supposed to be in the country, and Swagger and Donny are abandoned, left to fend for themselves, left for dead. An enemy helicopter begins to strafe their position. Donny is killed. Swagger fires futilely at the helicopter with his sniper rifle until he uncovers a Barret 50 caliber VBM82A3 SASR, and returns fire on the helicopter, bringing it down in flames. The smoke engulfs the screen as the helicopter crashes and explodes. Three years later Swagger is a private citizen, living in the mountains, a recluse from the world that abandoned him. Unshaven and long haired, he lives alone; his only companion his dog, trained to open the fridge and take out a cold beer for Swagger as he returns to his cabin. Sharing a slurp of the beer with his dog, Swagger turns on his PC and the Internet, looking at news of a world that mostly has him shaking his head. At a military office, the wheelchair-bound Michael Sandor (Rade Serbedzija), Colonel Isaac Johnson (Danny Glover), Jack Payne (Elias Koteas), and Louis Dobbler (Jonathan Walker) are planning an op: Sandor recommends Swagger, and they discuss his past... this lost soul, covert-ops hero now turned loner, seems perfect for their needs. Bouncing up the woodland track, Johnson and his men drive out to meet Swagger. Alerted by his barking dog, Swagger is alerted as the men approach his cabin. Johnson introduces himself to Swagger, flaunting his own Medal of Honor. Tension mounts, as Swagger is not interested in talking, and when Payne tries to lure the dog to him, Swagger warns him off. Tension escalates as Payne reaches slowly down towards his gun and Swagger readies a hidden blade. Johnson calms the situation, convincing Swagger to give him five-minutes. Payne and Dobbler wait outside as Johnson explains their presence: they have received information about a planned assassination attempt on the president and, with a mole in one of their agencies, they've turned for help to Swagger. One of their few intelligence clues is that the assassin's shot will be taken from over a mile, a shot which only a few men are capable of doing. Still Swagger wants nothing to do with the plan, but Johnson insists. The president will travel to three different cities, and Johnson wants Swagger to travel to each and scout potential places for a sniper. Feelings of patriotism, or perhaps habit begin to change Swaggers mind. Still, as Johnson prepares to leave, Swagger takes a picture of as he admires their truck's engine. As they drive back down the mountain, Swagger's professional suspicion is understood by Johnson and his men they know he didn't take a picture of the engine, but of their license plate. But he's agreed to their plan. Swagger sets up a can of beef stew and practices the beyond a mile shot, nailing it with complete accuracy. Swagger cuts his hair and trims his beard. As he cleans his guns he tells his dog that he'll be gone for a couple of days. True to his word, Swagger scouts each location in turn, reporting back to Johnson that the likely location is Philadelphia. Johnson wants Swagger there to help catch the assassin. Spooling forward to the day of the speech, snipers are everywhere, along with federal agents, one of whom is rookie FBI Special Agent Nick Memphis (Michael Pena). Swagger stands in a nearby office with Johnson, Payne, and Dobbler, and a pudgy Philadelphia Police Department cop, Officer Stanley Timmons (Alan C. Peterson). Johnson claims the shooter is in a church tower nearby, and says that they will take him down just after the president begins to speak, but Swagger's eye is taken by the fact that Timmons' gun is not properly holstered. The president is scheduled to speak immediately after the Archbishop of Ethiopia, who is accepting an award. As the president approaches the stand, Swagger urges Johnson to have his men take down the shooter immediately, but at that moment events lurch forward: the Archbishop is shot in the head, and Timmons suddenly shoots Swagger in the shoulder. Swagger falls out of a window, landing hard on a glass ceiling below. Timmons leans out and shoots Swagger in the stomach, driving him through the glass ceiling. As Payne's team men pack up their things he chews out Timmons for not finishing off Swagger. They leave behind Swagger's sniper rifle and a bullet. Payne orders Timmons to finish Swagger off. As Swagger flees, he stumbles into Memphis, asking for his help. Memphis draws his gun but Swagger flips him over hard on the ground. He handcuffs Memphis to a gate, telling that he was set up and Timmons is in on it. Grabbing Memphis's gun, Swagger drives off in his car. Timmons catches up to Memphis, and alerts the cops that Swagger has stolen an FBI car. Now everyone is searching for Swagger, and he drives into a car wash to hide from the helicopters. While his car is being washed, Swagger hops in the back seat and cuts a hole to the trunk, where he grabs a medic kit and tends to his wounds. Speeding out of the car wash he is seen again by the cops and a chase ensues. The back end of his car is smashed by a pickup truck, causing him to spin around and Swagger finds himself directly in front of a line of police officers. Throwing the car into reverse as the cops open fire on him, Swagger drives through a construction site and directly into the Delaware River. The cops recover the car, but no Swagger. He is pulled alongside a boat, and makes it underneath a bridge. From there, he hot-wires a truck and takes off. Meanwhile, FBI agents watch a news report of the assassination attempt and of Swagger's escape. They are all not happy that Swagger overpowered Memphis so easily, even though Swagger is highly trained and Memphis is three weeks out of the academy. While meeting with his superior officer and other agents, Memphis tells them what Swagger said to him, but they all say that he didn't hear anything. Memphis will be put up for review. Swagger drives to a store and knocks out the power so that the store owner cannot recognize Swagger, then goes inside and buys supplies. Swagger drives to an empty car repair station and makes an IV for himself using the supplies. Swagger drives all night to Kentucky, where he goes to Sarah's home. She's startled by him coming by, since she's seen the news about what happened. Sarah lets him come inside, and he apologizes for not coming to meet her after Donny died. She did receive his letter though, along with flowers each year on the anniversary of Donny's death. Swagger gives Sarah a list of things to get, and sends her out to get them. She eventually buys everything, and he quickly instructs her how to treat his bullet wounds before passing out. Even though shes not a nurse, she does a decent job of cleaning him up. Meanwhile, Memphis looks further into the assassination attempt and discusses it with fellow agent Alourdes Galindo (Rhona Mitra), who tells him to stop looking into it. The facts don't add up for Memphis: For one thing, Swagger is a top-notch sniper capable of impossible shots, and Memphis doesn't think Swagger wouldn't have missed the President (the assumed target) in the conditions at the time if he'd been the one who did it. Also making him suspicious is the fact that the ballistics report came in literally ten minutes after the shooting, while the scene was still locked down and before the pursuit of Swagger could even begin. Furthermore, the story that Officer Timmons gave is questionable: he claims that he saw a rifle barrel sticking out a window, but Memphis knows that no sniper does that. They instead sit back further in the room, and shoot from there, which reduces the risk of getting hit by return fire from enemy soldiers. As if that weren't enough, he's told that Officer Timmons was shot and killed by a "mugger" just hours after the shooting, making him think that Timmons was indeed in on the frame-up and was killed to keep quiet. Memphis goes to all of the locations that Swagger went to, and goes to the church tower where he sees specific markings in the dust. He's convinced that Swagger isn't the guy they should be after, since he would not have missed the president and hit the Ethiopian Archbishop. Memphis also goes online to a gun chat room, where he finds out exactly what kind of gun was used in the assassination attempt. During this time, he begins to notice that people are watching him. Swagger eventually gets better, and tells Sarah that he's going to go after the guys who set him up. Sarah informs him that news reports are saying that Swagger killed his dog and tried to kill the president, with pictures released of him scouting out each location. Swagger is pissed that they killed his dog and plans to see this through to the end. He blames himself for Donny's death, but Sarah slaps him in the face and tells him that Donny fully knew what he got into. Sarah gives Swagger Donny's first sniper rifle and volunteers to help him. Their first course of action is to find Memphis. Sarah wears a disguise and meets Memphis in a public place, handing him the photographs of Johnson's license plate. Swagger watches across the street, but is seen by police who think that he's suspicious. Two cops approach him, one with an attack dog. After Sarah and Memphis leave, Swagger throws coffee into a cop's face and makes the dog attack the cop. He then throws the cop and dog through a window while beating the crap out of the other police officer. He ditches his jacket and walks away. Memphis sneaks into a restricted area of the FBI office and tries to find information about the license plate number, but he's blocked out and requires a delta level clearance. Galindo tells him that he's going to be fired if he keeps looking into this, and starts to notice the faults as well in the facts of the Philadelphia shooting. She winds up telling him how to get the security clearance though. Dobbler informs Johnson about the internet chat room, and someone trying to access delta level security information. They realize that Memphis is looking where he shouldn't, and plan to take him out. As Memphis is walking on a bridge, he is abducted by masked men in a van. Memphis is severely beaten, and the men put him in a rig that will make him shoot himself. Swagger shoots each man one by one using Donny's rifle, and frees Memphis, who knows that Swagger was set up and agrees to help him. Johnson hears that Memphis didn't die and knows that he's now working with Swagger. He orders his men to look deep into Swaggers past. Memphis drives them to Tennessee, where they visit an old humorous marksman expert. Swagger asks the expert who could make a shot beyond a mile that's still alive. Apart from Swagger, there's one man. The sniper used to be sadistic, just shooting to wound and killing everyone who tried to help the wounded. He must have killed hundreds of people. He was in a building that was destroyed, and some believed him to be dead. The sniper is Michael Sandor, the handicapped Russian that's working with Johnson. Johnson knows that Swagger is going to look for the shooter, and so lets Sandor act as bait to lure Swagger out. Dobbler found that Swagger has sent flowers to Sarah each year, and believes that she helped him. Johnson orders them to get her. Swagger and Memphis go to a big hardware store and buy lots of supplies. They then drive out to the woods where they make napalm, pipe-bombs, and gas bombs. Swagger teaches Memphis to use a sniper rifle, and makes him practice while he sets off bombs nearby. Meanwhile, Sarah thinks that someones in her house and takes out her shotgun. A henchman appears with a silenced pistol, but is blasted through the chest by Sarah. Payne sneaks up behind Sarah and makes her put down the shotgun. He asks her where Swagger is, and beats her up. Elsewhere, Johnson meets with corrupt senator Charles Meachum (Ned Beatty) and gets his approval to fly in over twenty soldiers to kill Swagger. Swagger and Memphis find where Sandor is, and plan an attack. Memphis remains in position near the forest while Swagger moves closer to the cabin. He sneaks up behind a guard and stabs him in the back, then sets up some bombs. He stabs another guard through the chin, and again places more bombs. Swagger makes quick work of the third guard, and shoots the fourth in the head. Sandor is all alone now, and reveals to Swagger what really happened. The president was never in any danger and the archbishop was the target, because he was going to talk about Americans committing genocide to build an oil pipeline. The best way to kill the archbishop was to make it look like a failed attempt on the president. Swagger unwittingly was part of the genocide, since back in Ethiopia, Donny and him were covering the soldiers that murdered the villagers. Swagger asks about Johnson, but Sandor doesn't know what his real name is, though he does know that he works for Meachum. Soldiers surround the cabin, and Memphis warns Swagger. Sandor pulls out a pistol and shoots himself in the head. Swagger orders Memphis to set off the pipe-bombs, and then the gas bombs. Two soldiers come into the house, and Swagger shoots both dead. Memphis sets off the bombs, and Swagger shoots his way out of the cabin. Memphis covers Swagger, and a big shootout ensues. Swagger makes it to Memphis, and a helicopter shows up to kill them. Swagger thinks back to Donny's death, and fires upon the helicopter. Both men run a safe distance and set off the napalm bombs, blowing up the remaining soldiers and destroying the helicopter. The incident is covered up though, since all the bodies were removed before the authorities show up. Memphis calls the FBI field office and talks to his superior officer, informing him that he has Swagger in custody. He talks long enough for them to trace the call. Swagger then calls Johnson, who tells him that he wants to meet. Johnson reveals that he has Sarah, and Swagger reveals that he recorded Sandor's confession about everything. Johnson agrees to meet, but wants to see him coming from a long way off. Swagger requests that Meachum be present. The meeting is in the snowy mountains where Johnson, Meachum, Payne, and Sarah are present. Payne rigged a shotgun to his hand and is holding Sarah at gunpoint. They see Swagger walking towards them in the distance, and he is immediately shot in the chest by a hidden sniper. Johnson and Meachum are pleased, but their hidden snipers are shot through the head one by one. Turns out Swagger was posing as a hidden sniper while Memphis was walking towards Johnson. Memphis pulls out his armor and continues to walk towards them. Swagger aims carefully, and destroys Payne's shotgun while blowing off his thumb. Payne laughs in shock, and then Swagger blows off his arm. Memphis disarms Johnson and Meachum, and Swagger finally approaches them. Sarah grabs a pistol and shoots Payne to death. Meachum offers Swagger a job, but he refuses. Memphis calls in the FBI to come to their location, and Swagger burns Sandor's recording. Memphis tells him that it proves he's innocent, but Swagger knows that whoever turns over the recording is dead. No one there is innocent, and so they wait for the FBI to show up. Some time passes, and Swagger is brought to a meeting in the Department of Justice. Present are the Attorney General, Johnson, Memphis, and Sarah. Memphis shakes Swaggers hand and slips him unseen by others in the room. In front of him is his sniper rifle, and Swagger's hands are freed. He asks if the rifle has been tampered with by the FBI or any other authority, but it hasn't. He turns to Memphis, asking whether he believes in Swagger's innocence whether he trusts him with his life. Memphis answers yes, and Swagger loads a bullet into the rifle, aims at Memphis, and pulls the trigger to a resounding "click", as nothing happens. The truth of the situation is clear: before he left to scout locations, he removed the firing pins from all his weapons (including the rifle in front of him that was supposedly used in the shooting). It was impossible, then, that he had used his weapon to kill the Ethiopian Archbishop. Clearly innocent, Swagger and Memphis then argue that the real guilty parties in the room is Johnson, tying him to the mass grave in Ethiopia. But the Attorney General has no jurisdiction over crimes Johnson may or may not have committed in other countries. Johnson is allowed to leave, telling Swagger that he had won again. The Attorney General frees Swagger, convinced that he's innocent. He tells Swagger that sometimes justice isn't fair but we don't live in the Old West anymore where you can clean things up with a gun. They exchange knowing looks. Some time later, Johnson celebrates his victory with Meachum and Dobbler in a remote cabin. Meachum and Johnson laugh about winning again, and Meachum plans to move Johnson out of the country to fix another problem they have. As Dobbler begins to explain his next mission, blood splatters on his face. A dead guard falls down directly in front of him. Johnson realizes that Swagger is there, but is shot through the chest. He dies very painfully. Dobbler turns off the lights, and Meachum orders him to get the car. Meachum's SUV explodes, and the men panic. Swagger moves underneath the cabin, and Dobbler tells the remaining bodyguard that Swagger is under the floor. Swagger shoots Dobbler through the knee from under the floor, and shoots the guard to death from below. He then enters the cabin, where Dobbler pleads with Swagger to spare his life since he didn't do anything. Swagger shoots Dobbler in the chest and approaches Meachum. "I'm a Senator: You can't do this!" cries Dobbler, as Swagger blows his brains out with a pistol, before placing it in Johnsons hands. Swagger breaks the gas line of the cabin, and as Swagger leaves, the cabin explodes. The film ends with Swagger, Sarah behind the wheel, driving into the distance.
tt0098635
Comedy,Drama,Romance
1977. Harry Burns (Billy Crystal) and Sally Albright (Meg Ryan) share a long car ride from the University of Chicago to their new, post-graduation lives in NYC. En route, they discuss whether a man and a woman can be friends, without sex getting in the way. Concluding that they cannot be friends, they part ways upon their arrival. 1982. Sally and Harry share a plane flight. Sally is now in a relationship with Joe (Steven Ford), while Harry is about to get married to Helen (Harley Kozak). Once again, Harry explains why men and women can't be friends, even if they're in relationships with other people. They part ways again once the flight is over. 1987. Sally tells her friends, Marie (Carrie Fisher) and Alice (Lisa Jane Persky), that she and Joe broke up; while Harry tells his friend Jess (Bruno Kirby) that Helen has left him. Harry and Sally meet again in a bookstore, and over dinner discuss their lives. Harry is surprised to realize he has a "woman friend", and they go on to have late-night phone conversations (about Casablanca, for example, and whether Ingrid Bergman should have stayed with Humphry Bogart at the end of the movie), visit museums, and so on. Sally feels uncomfortable telling Harry she is dating again, but he encourages her to do so, and tells her about his dates. They discuss his relationships with women, and Sally fakes an orgasm at a diner, to prove to him that it can be done, after which another customer (director Rob Reiner's mom, Estelle Reiner) orders "what she's having". Over dinner, Harry tries to match Sally to Jesse, while Sally tries to match Harry to Marie. Marie and Jesse end up together. Four months later, Harry and Sally are shopping for Jesse and Marie's upcoming wedding when they bump into Harry's ex-wife. Later, we learn that Sally is now dating Julian (Franc Luz), while Harry is dating Emily (Tracy Reiner), but when Sally learns that her ex-boyfriend, Joe, is getting married, she calls Harry in the middle of the night. He comes over to comfort her, and they end up having sex. Not sure how to handle the situation, Harry and Sally grow apart. At Jesse and Marie's wedding they have a fight, but later, at a New Year's Eve party, Harry comes over and tells Sally that he loves her. They kiss and later get married.
tt0163651
Comedy
American Pie, set in the year 1999, focuses on a group of four close friends in their senior year at the fictional East Great Falls High School in west Michigan; Kevin Myers (Thomas Ian Nicholas), Chris "Oz" Ostreicher (Chris Klein), Jim Levenstein (Jason Biggs) and Paul Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas), who is better known by his surname. Kevin is confident and charming and is dating his long-term girlfriend, Vicky Lathum (Tara Reid); Oz is a laid-back member of the high school lacrosse team; Jim is socially awkward and sexually nave and suffers pressure and questionable advice from his father (Eugene Levy); while Finch is a cappuccino-drinking sophisticate who plays golf and wears sports jackets. The four have very differing personalities, but share a common characteristic; they are all virgins, in sharp contrast to popular lacrosse player and arrogant jock Steve Stifler (Seann William Scott), whose wild, extravagant house parties they are regularly invited to. While at one of Stifler's such parties, the four each attempt to score with various girls at the party with very limited success. Oz is humiliated by an older girl, Finch is too late for the party and Jim attempts to talk to Czechoslovakian exchange student Nadia (Shannon Elizabeth), but fails completely. Kevin receives fellatio from Vicky, but she overhears him complaining about it to Jim and promptly dumps him. The next morning, the four wake up hungover and depressed, to find ultra-nerd Chuck "Sherminator" Sherman (Chris Owen) seeing off a pretty girl, and are left shocked and frustrated when The Sherminator claims that he lost his virginity to her the same night. Kevin decides to take a stand and defiantly declares that the four will make a pact, to lose their virginity before the school prom and graduation. Later, while eating breakfast in a restaurant, they toast each other to 'the next step' and formulate individual plans to achieve sexual success. Kevin immediately sets out to win Vicky back, but has to work very hard to even get a chance with her, and begins to seek advice from others. Vicky's best friend Jessica (Natasha Lyonne) reveals to Kevin that, despite his thinking otherwise, Vicky has never felt an orgasm from Kevin, and that he has to work on that above everything else. His older brother Tom (Casey Affleck) then passes onto Kevin the secret of 'The Bible' - a manual of love and sex compiled by various East Great Falls students over several decades. Both Jessica and Tom divulge their advice only after Kevin stresses he wants to make Vicky happy, rather than simply taking advantage of her for his pact. Kevin finally seizes a chance to make things up with Vicky, and performs oral sex on her in her bedroom using his new techniques. Vicky experiences an intense orgasm and is driven wild by Kevin, winning him the promise of sex at the prom after-party in the process. Meanwhile, Oz joins the school's jazz choir in an effort to lose his stereotyped reputation as a muscleheaded lacrosse jock and find a loving girlfriend there. He is mocked relentlessly at first by his friends and the other choir members, but soon wins the attention of Heather (Mena Suvari), one of the choir singers who also suffers being stereotyped as a priss. She swiftly asks him out to the prom with her, but changes her mind upon seeing Stifler and his friends mocking her, and assuming Oz was doing the same. A desperate Oz volunteers to become lead vocalist alongside Heather to try and regain her trust. He succeeds when she catches him tirelessly rehearsing alone in the theatre, and pays him a visit after-hours at the sandwich bar he works at to reconcile. Their relationship is dealt another blow when Oz realizes his last ever lacrosse game for East Great Falls clashes with the choir competition, but a frustrated Oz decides to abandon the game halfway-through and rushes over to the music hall, where he makes it just in time. He performs the long-awaited duet with Heather to rapturous applause from the audience, including Kevin and Jim themselves. After Oz describes third base to Jim as "like warm apple pie", a curious Jim temporarily loses his sanity and has full missionary sex with a freshly-baked apple pie left on the table by his mother (giving the film its eponymous title). His father walks in on the act and is left stunned and disappointed by his son's actions. Now almost without hope, Jim has a stroke of luck when Nadia, seemingly at random, asks him if she can come round to his house and study with him. After dropping the crucial detail that she'll be coming straight from ballet practice and will need to change, Stifler persuades Jim to set up a webcam in his room so that they can all watch Nadia stripping together over the internet. Upon Nadia's arrival, Jim sets up the webcam and dashes across the street to join Kevin and Finch at Kevin's house. Against expectation, an almost-naked Nadia discovers Jim's pornography collection and begins to passionately masturbate on his bed, causing a riotous reaction from Stifler, Kevin and Finch on the other end, as well as Stifler's young brother Matt (Eli Marienthal). Kevin and Finch force Jim to go back and seduce her while the moment lasts, which ends with Nadia forcing Jim to strip and dance for her while she reads his pornography. By now, various groups of East Great Falls seniors, including members of Blink 182, are watching the live action in excited anticipation, as Sherman reveals that Jim accidentally addressed the webcam link to everybody in the entire school directory. Nadia then seduces Jim and sits him down next to her on the bed, but unfortunately, he prematurely ejaculates, disappointing Nadia and completely grossing out his live web audience. A desperate Jim pleads for Nadia not to go and wins her around, but when Nadia takes her panties off, he involuntarily ejaculates again upon touching her clitoris. Nadia swiftly exits, leaving Jim a nervous wreck. The next day, Jim has become the laughing stock of the entire high school and is left despondent and depressed, especially upon hearing that Nadia has been immediately sent back home to Czechoslovakia by her sponsors after the incident. However, he senses luck when unpopular band geek Michelle Flaherty (Alyson Hannigan) randomly begins to talk to him. Upon revealing she knows nothing about the webcam incident, he seizes the opportunity to ask her out to the prom with him, which she gleefully accepts. Finch at first appears to have no plan, but Kevin's suspicions arise when corroborative rumours begin flying around the school that Finch has legendary sexual prowess, has had relations with older women, and that he even knocked out Stifler in a fight. Kevin investigates and discovers that Finch paid Jessica $200 to spread the rumours under the pretense of truth. Finch quickly becomes the most talked-about and most awe-inspiring senior in the whole school, with hordes of girls desperate to go to the prom with him. However, Stifler, angry about the rumours against him, spikes Finch's mochaccino with laxatives, and promptly dupes him into using the girls' restroom, where Finch suffers explosive diarrhea in the presence of several senior girls. Afterwards, he emerges to a torrent of mockery, laughter and abuse from a hysterical crowd of seniors, with Stifler at the helm, and is left humiliated, broken and completely dateless. The prom night finally comes around. Finch is the only one of the four who attends alone, but Jessica, also alone and feeling guilty for taking his money, offers to dance with him, even giving him a brand new hip flask as a gift for his troubles. The prom itself is cheap, tacky and uneventful and derided by most of the students, but a cocky, bragging Kevin sees it as a good time to query his friends for a "status check" on their pact. Oz and Finch are disinterested, and a burnt-out Jim lets loose and rages at Kevin for causing all the pressure, insisting that sex isn't at all as important as they previously made out. The outburst shatters Kevin's bravado and makes him wonder whether things will truly go as planned between him and Vicky. However, their spirits are all collectively lifted, when Chuck Sherman's partner at the prom gets up onto the stage and announces in front of everybody that Chuck is a liar and is actually still a virgin. Chuck wets himself in embarrassment, and the four boys excitedly catch the bus to Stifler's huge post-prom party at his mansion on Lake Michigan. As the party begins to gain traction, the four boys all individually fulfill their pact with almost no conscious effort. Kevin and Vicky go to an upstairs bedroom where they finally have sex for the first time, but their desires for perfection and timing cause the interaction to become rigid and awkward throughout. While walking along the lakeside, an emotional Oz confesses the pact to Heather, who becomes wary, but he renounces the pact and declares that he's already won just by being with her at the prom. They passionately embrace each other at the dockside, naturally and fluidly moving into their first sexual experience. Meanwhile, Jim is snoozing through Michelle's immature band camp stories, but chokes on his drink when she reveals she knows more about orgasms than she's letting on. Michelle leads him upstairs, where she reveals she actually knew all along about the webcam incident, only accepting Jim's date because he was a "sure thing". Jim finally gets to have disaster-free sex, but Michelle is dominant and violently aggressive, shouting abuse at Jim, roughing him up and smashing things up with her hands and feet out of sheer passion. Finally, a bored Finch wanders around restricted areas of the house and bumps into Stifler's mom (Jennifer Coolidge), whose aura and natural beauty takes him aback. After some sophisticated, upper-class conversation and flirting, she becomes aroused by Finch's precociousness, and they proceed to make love on the snooker table as the party goes on through the night. Dawn breaks early the next morning over Stifler's mansion, which is littered with sleeping seniors. Oz watches the sun rise with a smile as Heather snuggles into his lap at the lakeside, the couple looking extremely content. Kevin and Vicky are also awake, but both are contemplative and neither seem happy. Vicky amicably breaks up with Kevin, citing their separation due to their choice of university and the physical distance it causes, a topic she discussed earlier with Jessica. Kevin is left saddened, but accepts Vicky's reasoning. Meanwhile, Jim wakes up and goes to cuddle Michelle in bed, only to find himself hugging an inflatable toy shark with no Michelle in sight. He quickly realizes Michelle used and abused him for a sordid one night stand, but is left brimming with happiness at how cool the prospect of being used is. Finally, Finch is asleep with Stifler's mom when a hungover Stifler enters the room; he is so shocked at the sight that he collapses and passes out. Later on, Kevin, Oz, Jim and Finch all go to their favorite hang-out restaurant, the fittingly-named "Dog Years", for breakfast. Far from celebrating their pact with stories, they all remain very conservative and hushed about their experiences the night before, with Oz gleefully refusing to even confirm whether he had sex or not. Regardless, the four lads are now collectively happier than they ever were before, and once again toast each other to 'the next step' as they prepare to leave high school and move away to university. The film ends with Jim setting up his webcam in his room once again, and stripping and dancing to country music. Nadia is on the other end, back in her home country, smiling and laughing at Jim. His father walks in on the act, but sees the funny side. He walks out and starts dancing down the corridor, presumably to make love to his wife, as he seductively mutters "sweetheart!".
tt1840309
Action,Adventure,Mystery
The sun rises over a field in a futuristic Chicago. A rusty old ship rests on land, seemingly deserted for ages. Lake Michigan appears to be mostly dried up. We move to the rest of the area, where people are walking around wearing uniforms of identical colors to match their place of living. Beatrice Prior (Shailene Woodley) explains that after a great war, society was divided into five separate areas called factions to maintain order. The Erudite faction is for the smartest and most logical-thinking people. They dress in a dark shade of blue. The Amity faction is meant for the kind and peaceful. They grow crops and provide for other factions. They dress in orange and yellow. The Candor faction values honesty, and they dress in black and white. The most fearless go to the Dauntless faction. They are the protectors of the nation, and they are known for their bravery as much as they are known for their crazy behavior. Their uniforms are black. Beatrice and her family reside in the Abnegation faction. They wear light grey clothes and are selfless and do not value power, giving them the nickname "Stiffs." They provide for the factionless, those who have no place to call home (basically the homeless population of the city). Because of this selfless demeanor, Abnegation forms the city's government. Beatrice's father Andrew (Tony Goldwyn) works closely with the Abnegation leader Marcus Eaton (Ray Stevenson). Her main concern is that she does not know where she really belongs. Beatrice's mother Natalie (Ashley Judd) cuts her hair and only allows her a brief amount of time to see her reflection to avoid vanity. It is the day of Beatrice's aptitude test, along with her twin brother Caleb (Ansel Elgort), in which they will find out which faction they are best suited for. She asks her mother if she was nervous when she took her test. Natalie says 'No. I was terrified.' Beatrice and Caleb go to the station where other 16-year-olds from the other factions are taking their aptitude tests. A Candor member, named Peter (Miles Teller), mocks the Abnegation kids and blames them for the dwindling supplies. Beatrice continues to wonder just where she will fit in. After the kids are all put through a brief history of the test and its origins, she gets up to take the test, monitored by a woman named Tori (Maggie Q). She puts Beatrice in a chair and has her drink a blue serum to start the test. Beatrice closes her eyes and then opens them to find herself alone, with Tori no longer standing by her side. She gets up and sees her reflection. She keeps turning her head and sees more and more reflections. Then there appears to be a rabid dog. It growls at Beatrice and then runs toward her. She closes her eyes and then sees it as a puppy. Her younger self appears, wanting to play with the puppy. It reverts to its mangy dog form, running to attack the little Beatrice. The older one runs after the dog, and they sink through the floor. Beatrice awakens with a jolt. Tori is in a panicked state. Beatrice asks her what the results were. Tori says they were inconclusive. According to the results, Beatrice is suited for Abnegation, but also Erudite and Dauntless. This is a rare case, known as Divergent; being suited for more than one faction. Tori tells her to go home and say she was sick from the serum. When Beatrice gets home, she is hesitant to tell her family what her results were. She just says she got Abnegation again. Andrew says that he needs to resolve matters with Abnegation as there is trouble going on with the faction's helping of the factionless, as well as a rumor being spread that Marcus hit his own son. It's also hinted that Erudite wants to be the ruling faction, instead of Abnegation. The day of the Choosing Ceremony arrives. The Prior kids meet the Erudite leader, Jeanine Matthews (Kate Winslet). It is suggested that someone in Erudite (most likely her) has been spreading the rumor about Marcus. Once the ceremony commences, the new initiates step up to a table with five bowls and a knife. They cut their hands and give a drop of blood into these bowls to choose their factions. Caleb chooses Erudite. There is scattered applause in Abnegation but the Erudite members proudly welcome him. Beatrice goes up, nervous. She cuts her hand and almost drops blood into Abnegation, but then decides on Dauntless. Her parents are surprised, and the Dauntless members welcome her. The initiates leave with their factions, and Beatrice looks at her mother one last time. Beatrice arrives in the Dauntless faction with all the other initiates. They run wild, climbing to the top of the elevated train tracks and chasing after the train as it goes so they can hop onto it before it's too late. Beatrice meets a Candor initiative, named Christina (Zoe Kravitz). They then have to jump off the moving train onto a rooftop. Dauntless leader Eric (Jai Courtney) gathers everyone over the edge of the rooftop for them to jump into a hole. He asks for a volunteer to go first, and Beatrice steps forward. After some hesitation, she jumps into the hole and lands on a net. She is pulled out by Dauntless instructor Four (Theo James). He asks for her name, and she decides to call herself 'Tris'. When everybody else comes down, he leads the initiates to The Pit, where everybody is having fun and they get to eat. There, Tris meets an Erudite initiative named Will (Ben Lloyd-Hughes) and Christina's friend from Candor, Al (Christian Madsen). Another Dauntless leader, Max (Mekhi Phifer), comes out to greet the initiatives and welcome them to Dauntless. The initiatives, including Tris and Christina, get carried away proudly. The initiates are given new all-black Dauntless clothing and set to begin training for them to prove they are worthy of staying in Dauntless. Eric warns them that if they fail to reach the top ranks, they will be kicked out of Dauntless and stay factionless, unable to return to their old homes. The first stage of training is combat where the initiatives fight against each other. Tris is put up against the last person to jump into the hole, a girl named Molly (Amy Newbold). Molly beats Tris easily. Additionally, she does not fare well in shooting practice or other tests. Four and Eric sneer at Tris and doubt her ability to keep up. To cheer her up, Christina, Will, and Al take her to a parlor to get tattoos. There, Tris finds Tori and follows her, even though it looks like she's trying to avoid her. She warns Tris that she shouldn't have chosen Dauntless as her new faction, because there are people looking for Divergents. She gives Tris a tattoo of three flying birds. Tris practices fighting on a punching bag, with Four coming to watch. He tells her she's weak, but fast, and her moves won't work. He positions her properly and gives her tips on what moves she should use. Meanwhile, Christina is fighting Molly, getting beaten pretty badly. Christina is knocked to the floor and recoils from Molly, pleading for no more. Eric asks Christina if she wants to give up, and she says yes. He helps her on her feet and guides her somewhere. They walk over a bridge that stands over a deep chasm. Eric asks her if she's feeling better and then pushes her off the bridge. Christina grabs onto it for dear life, and Eric times her to make a choice - hang on and he will forget her cowardice, let go and die, or give up and force herself out of the faction. She almost slips off until the time is up, and she's still hanging on. Tris and Four pull her out as she cries. Eric reminds them that Dauntless cannot be afraid of anything nor can they ever give up. The initiates then practice throwing knives at targets. Al throws his knife weakly and it doesn't hit anywhere close to the target. Eric tells him to go get it, but Al refuses to as everybody is throwing their knives. Eric stops everybody and forces Al to stand in front of the target. Before Eric throws his knife, Tris tells him that this won't prove anything. Eric makes her take Al's place. Four grabs four knives to throw. He throws the first one far away from Tris, but gets closer with each knife until he throws the last one close enough to cut Tris's ear. After the practice, she tells Four that he cut her, but he says Eric wouldn't have let her out of there if she was left without a scratch. The other initiatives, including Molly, congratulate Tris. Peter approaches her to congratulate her sarcastically while adding that there is a news report on both Tris and Caleb and their both choosing to leave Abnegation for other factions. The next day, Jeanine and a couple of Erudite Council members go into Dauntless, as it is implied they are searching for the Divergents. Tris never reveals her status, but Jeanine tells her to let her know if she needs anything. Tris is set up to fight against Peter. Four reminds her of the moves he told her about, which is to dodge her opponent's move and go for his throat first. Four also tells Tris that Peter always steps in before striking. Peter, being significantly bigger than Tris, has something of an upper hand, but Tris hits him in the throat as planned. However, he still ends up beating her hard, knocking her down, and then knocks her out with a stomp to the face. When she wakes up, Tris sees Christina and Will standing by her side with black jackets. Will tells Tris she's been out for a day and that Eric has decided to cut her from the faction. Her friends leave to join the other Dauntless initiates on the moving train. Tris, not ready to be thrown out, runs after the train and hops on. Eric is slightly impressed by her determination and allows her to join in on their game. Both Eric and Four gather up members for their team in an extreme version of Capture The Flag, with everyone carrying guns full of darts that simulate the pain of a gunshot. They are all taken to an abandoned amusement park, are divided into two opposing sides, and Four's team tries to come up with strategies on taking the other team down. Tris appears to want to say something, but impatient with all the discussion she simply acts alone to get an idea of where their opponents' flag & forces are from a better, higher vantage point. So she begins to climb the huge Ferris Wheel. Four follows her, though he looks uneasy climbing up. Tris realizes that he's afraid of heights. They get their view on the other team and lead their team into an smart attack. Together, Tris and Four shoot through Peter and Eric, and Tris takes Molly down, and with Christina they gain the flag and emerge victorious. As part of a final Dauntless initiation, Tris joins the others on a crazy zipline over the city. She pulls the braking cable just before she hits the wall at the end of the line. The next day, the Dauntless initiates are taking in bags of supplies from Amity and loading them onto trucks. Tris sees a light flashing in her eyes as if somebody is trying to get her attention. She walks behind the trucks and finds her mother had signaled. They hug. Natalie asks Tris if she really got Dauntless for her aptitude test. She admits her results were inconclusive. Natalie warns her not to let anybody know about this and to be safe, because Erudite is hunting down Divergents, believing they are a threat to their system since they do not conform to just one faction and are capable of free-thinking. Tris then asks Natalie if she was Dauntless. She leaves before answering. Tris's ranking rises above the dreaded red line, keeping her right above Al. Her current position is #20. The next stage of training is a simulation room to test out the initiates' control of their fears. Molly walks out of the room, shaking and trembling. Four oversees Tris's test. As the simulation begins, Tris sees herself in a field outside a town, behind a fence near the Amity faction. A flock of crows fly over her and swoop down to attack Tris. She tries to run but gets stuck in mud. The crows surround her, but she tells herself "This isn't real," and she swims into what looks like a puddle but actually holds a larger body of water. Tris is snapped out of the simulation. Four asks her how she got out of there so quickly. She only lasted three minutes, quicker than most initiates. Tris says she just got into the water. Her second simulation has her coming up to her friends, but she is trapped by an invisible wall. Christina appears to laugh at her and then talks to Peter. Tris realizes she is in a tank that slowly fills up with water. It starts to fill up to the top until she is completely submerged. She sees her reflection and once again tells herself, "This isn't real." She taps the glass lightly, but it somehow causes a big crack before finally breaking completely. She wakes up from the simulation again, and Four once more questions how she got out of there so fast. He's noticeably suspicious, and tells Tris that no Dauntless has ever completed the simulation so quickly. Tris goes to visit Tori. She reveals to Tris that her brother George was Divergent but he chose Dauntless as his faction. When he was found out, he was dropped into the chasm. Tris goes to Erudite headquarters to visit Caleb. The other Erudite members look at her with surprise to see a Dauntless member in there. Tris tells Caleb that she thinks Erudite is planning to take over the other factions, starting with Abnegation. Caleb, now acting and thinking like a real Erudite, agrees, but maintains his devotion to his faction over his family ("faction over blood"). Tris tearfully leaves when she realizes her brother won't help her. She is stopped by two Erudite officials trying to take her in. She punches one of them and tries attacking the other when Jeanine stops them. She takes Tris into her office to refresh her. Jeanine reminds her of the need to maintain a balance in the system, as well as peace. When Tris returns to Dauntless, she is caught by three masked guys. They carry her and nearly throw her into the chasm, but she fights herself out. She unmasks one of them, shocked to see it is Al. She fights them off and Four comes in to her rescue. He tends to her wounds, and she expresses disbelief that Al would attack her. Four says it's because he's trying to boost his ranks since he knows he's close to getting kicked out. Later, when everybody is eating in The Pit, Al tries to apologize to Tris for what he did. She tells him to leave her alone and that she'll kill him if he touches her. Afterwards, Tris and Christina come across the chasm where some Dauntless members are pulling out a body. It's Al, having jumped to his death out of guilt. Tris feels somewhat responsible for this. Tris admits to Four she isn't sure she'll pass her final testing either. When Four asks why, Tris says that Four knows she is Divergent. Four acknowledges that he knows, and says he's going to help her. Four brings Tris into the simulation room where he lets her get inside his mind to show her his fears. They start off high above the city, simulating Four's fear of heights. Tris suggests they jump because it's not real, but Four says that's something a Divergent would do. They need to overcome their fears the way a Dauntless would. They walk carefully over to the tower nearby to continue. They become trapped inside a vent, simulating Four's fear of containment. The walls start closing in on the two of them. They discover some nails and wedge them into the wall-floor joint. This stops the walls from crushing them. Four's next fear has him being forced to execute a factionless girl, but he cannot look at her with his gun aimed at her. Only by looking away can he fire. Finally, he and Tris find themselves in Abnegation - Four's original faction. They're in a house. Coming down the stairs is Marcus, holding a belt. Tris realizes that Four is Marcus's son, Tobias Eaton. Marcus walks over with the belt to hit Four, but Tris fights him off, and the simulation ends. Tris and Four walk onto the balcony of his apartment. She realizes he is "Four" because of his four fears. He shows her the tattoos on his back. He has the symbols of each faction on his back. Four states that he doesn't want to belong to just one faction. He wants to be kind, fearless, honest, selfless, and intelligent. This hints that he, too, is Divergent. The two of them kiss. Later, Four shows Tris a few Erudite members bringing in supplies. He shows her a vial of an orange serum that is being used to make people more prone to suggestion. Tris's final test comes, with Jeanine and other Erudite members, along with the Dauntless members, watching her. She is sat down in a chair and is told that her hallucinations will be viewed on monitors. Her previous fears come back to her. She is almost attacked by crows again, but this time, she doesn't jump in the water. She sees the field catching fire and grabs a burning branch to scare off the birds. Tris suddenly finds that she's tied up and lashed to a stake among the burning field. She thrusts her bound wrists down so the fire burns the ropes, and then plunges her hands into the water as soon as she's free. Next, she is back in the glass tank that fills up with water. Instead of breaking the glass, she takes off her jacket and plugs the pipe that sends the water in. She then finds herself in Four's room. He goes to kiss her, but then gets aggressive. He throws her onto the bed as if to rape her, so she kicks him in the groin and throws him off. Tris appears to wake up from the simulation, hoping Four didn't see the last bit. Jeanine comes over to hand Tris a gun as her parents and Caleb walk in. Jeanine tells Tris that she knows what to do. Tris refuses, but then hesitantly aims the gun at somebody (we don't see who) and she pulls the trigger. This snaps her out of the simulation. Tris is officially a Dauntless member. She and the other new members, including Will and Christina, are suited up and given guns as they line up for a mission. The Dauntless members are injected with a tracking device in case anybody gets lost, but Tris realizes they've actually been injected with the mind-control serum. As the Dauntless board the elevated train, Max and Eric see a man wandering out of line, uncertain of who to follow, leading them to realize he is a Divergent. Eric tells the man everything will be fine before he shoots him in the head. As the train carries the Dauntless, Tris very slowly and stealthily slips through the crowd until she is standing beside Four, and he takes hold of her hand. They are brought into the Abnegation neighborhood, ready to attack and round up the residents. The Dauntless members round up the Abnegation members, but Tris and Four refuse to join in the chaos. They are found out by Max and Eric, who conclude that both Tris and Four are Divergent. Eric aims his gun at Four, but Tris holds hers to Eric. Max aims at her, and Four aims at him. Tris and Four incapacitate both leaders and make a run for it, evading other antagonistic Dauntless members. They are then captured and brought to Jeanine. She recognizes Four as Tobias Eaton. He tries to attack her, but her guards hold him back. She has Four taken away while she orders Tris to be executed in a back alley. Before the villains can shoot her, they are shot by Natalie. She rescues her daughter, and Tris realizes that her mother was indeed a former Dauntless. They take their weapons to defend themselves. Will shoots at Tris and Natalie, and Tris has to kill him. She is upset that she had to do it, but her mother comforts her. More Dauntless members appear to shoot at Tris and Natalie as they make a run for it. They fight back, but Natalie is shot in the side and quickly dies. Tris holds her mother and cries. She goes to find her father and Caleb in a safe house. She cries to her father, mourning Natalie's death. Caleb mourns as well, having left Erudite after realizing their corruption. Tris tells them that the serum Erudite gave the Dauntless members is controlling them into attacking the Abnegation members; part of a plot to usurp control of government from the Abnegation faction. To stop this, they must infiltrate the Dauntless fortress. Tris leads them away. Tris guides Andrew and Caleb, and another fighter, to the train that takes them to Dauntless. They jump off the train onto the rooftop and down into the hole. Tris finds Peter and forces him to tell them where the fortress is after shooting him. The heroes encounter more controlled Dauntless members. Andrew shoots at them and kills them, but he is shot and also dies quickly. Caleb cries over his father, and Tris briefly mourns him as well. She continues moving until she finds the room with Jeanine and others, ready to complete the controlling of the Dauntless. all ready to kill many of the Abnegation members. Some of the Dauntless have already begun killing some Abnegation members off. Tris sees that Four has also been injected with the serum, controlling him to attack Tris. She fights back, but Four outfights her easily. Tris repeatedly tries to remind him who she is. She grabs a gun and points it at him, but then she turns it around to her own head. She continues to reassure Four, "It's okay, I love you." As Four takes hold of the handle of the gun, ready to kill Tris, she gently keeps his face turned toward her. This helps Four to fight back against the serum and throw off its effects. Four helps Tris fight off the villains. Jeanine tries to finish the process, but Tris throws a knife that pierces Jeanine's hand. Tris orders her to stop the process, and Jeanine refuses, saying she's willing to die for her cause. Four grabs a gun with a vial of the serum and puts it together. Jeanine snarls, "Guess you're not as Dauntless as you thought." Tris replies, "You're right. I'm Divergent." Four throws her the gun and she injects Jeanine with the suggestion serum, forcing her to release the Dauntless members from their control and then wipe the computer, erasing the program. After recovering from the serum and realizing what she'd been forced to do, Jeanine tries to attack Tris with her knife, but Tris knocks her out cold. Four reunites with Marcus, his father, and he is obviously uneasy. Despite this, both Marcus and Caleb join Tris and Four as they board the train heading out of Dauntless. Tris is sad over the loss of her parents and she still doesn't know where she belongs. Four says he does know. Tris narrates again, saying that they feel like the factionless, having lost their homes and loved ones. However, they will continue to fight if they must. The film concludes as the train takes them outside the city wall to Amity.
tt0817230
Comedy,Romance
It's Valentine's Day in Los Angeles, florist Reed Bennett (Ashton Kutcher) proposes to his girlfriend Morley (Jessica Alba) who accepts, much to the surprise of Reeds closest friends Alphonso (George Lopez) and Julia Fitzpatrick (Jennifer Garner). Morley changes her mind and leaves Reed later in the day. Alphonso tells Reed he and Julia knew it would never work out between him and Morley, and Reed wishes they had told him. On an airplane to Los Angeles, Kate Hazeltine (Julia Roberts), a captain in the U.S. Army on a one-day leave, befriends newly single Holden Bristow (Bradley Cooper). Kate and Holden chat, play a backgammon, and tell jokes. When the plane lands, and Kate has to wait hours for the taxi, Holden offers his limousine, which Kate accepts, as she only has one day to spend with her family before she has to go back to the army. Julia, an elementary school teacher has fallen in love with Dr. Harrison Copeland (Patrick Dempsey), but does not know that he is married to his wife Pamela (Katherine LaNasa). Reed finds out when Harrison orders flowers for his wife and girlfriend, Julia (Jennifer Garner). Harrison tells her that he needs to go to San Francisco for a business trip. Wanting to surprise him and following Reed's advice from earlier on in the day, Julia buys a plane ticket to San Francisco. Reed quickly comes to the airport and warns Julia, and she refuses to believe it and gets on the plane. She goes to the hospital where he said he would be, and inquires after him. The nurses at the counter reveal to her that he is married and tell her the name of the restaurant where he and his wife will be dining that evening. As she teaches the owner's son, the owner allows her to dress as a waitress. Julia makes a scene at the restaurant, and gives back the toy Harrison gave her that morning. Harrison's wife, Pamela, becomes suspicious when Julia makes a comment referring to Harrison's ability to juggle, and Harrison is seen eating pizza alone in a condo later on that evening, implying that Pamela has left him right after Julia's scene. One of Julia's students, Edison (Bryce Robinson), orders flowers from Reed, to be sent to his teacher. There is a delay in the delivery of flowers, but Edison insists that Reed delivers the flowers the same day. They are for Julia; however, she suggests to Edison to give the flowers to a lonely girl in the class who also has a crush on him, which he does. Edison's babysitter Grace (Emma Roberts) is planning to lose her virginity with her boyfriend Alex (Carter Jenkins). The planned encounter goes awry when Grace's mom discovers a naked Alex in Grace's room rehearsing a song he wrote for Grace on his guitar. Meanwhile Edison's grandparents, Edgar (Hector Elizondo) and Estelle (Shirley MacLaine) are facing the troubles of a long marriage. Grace explains to them that she wants to have sex with Alex, and says, "It's not like I am going to sleep with one person for the rest of my life." This upsets Estelle and leads to her telling Edgar about an affair she had with one of his business partners. The affair was while he was away, and it didn't last long. Although she is deeply sorry for what she did, Edgar is deeply upset. Graces high-school friends, Willy (Taylor Lautner) and Felicia (Taylor Swift), are experiencing the freshness of new love, and have agreed to wait to have sex. On Valentine's Day, Willy gives Felicia a large white bear that she carries around with her everywhere and Felicia gets him a gray running t-shirt (which was his) and ironed the number 13 on the back for "good luck". They are interviewed on the news and advertise their love and support for each other. Sean Jackson (Eric Dane), a closeted gay professional football player, is contemplating the end of his career together with his publicist Kara (Jessica Biel) and his agent Paula (Queen Latifah). Kara, a close friend of Julia's, is organizing her annual I Hate Valentines Day party, but is becoming interested in sports reporter Kelvin Moore (Jamie Foxx) who has been sent out by his producer Susan (Kathy Bates) to cover Valentines Day because of a lack of sports news, and they share their mutual hatred of Valentine's Day. Paula has hired a new receptionist named Liz (Anne Hathaway) who has started dating mailroom clerk Jason (Topher Grace). Jason is first shocked when Liz turns out to be moonlighting as a phone sex operator. Liz explains that she is only doing this because she has a $100,000 student loan to pay off, has no health insurance, and is completely broke. Jason decides that her job is too much for him to handle, but eventually comes back to the relationship after seeing Edgar forgive his wife, Estelle. Sean comes out on national television, and Holden (who is Sean's lover) goes back to him. Kate goes home to greet her son Edison. Willy drops Felicia off at home after a date and they kiss goodnight. Kelvin and Kara hang out at Kelvin's news station where they later kiss, Alfonso dines with his wife, Grace and Alex agree to wait to have sex, Edgar and Estelle retell each other their marriage vows and kiss in the theater, Jason goes back to Liz and they decide to keep a bond together but to also "keep it simple", Morley is shown walking her Border collie while trying to call Reed and the movie closes with Julia and Reed beginning a relationship.
tt0093779
Adventure,Family,Fantasy
Fairy tale story-within-a-story with an all-star cast. In the frame story, a grandfather (Peter Falk) reads a favorite book to his sick grandson (Fred Savage). The book he reads, The Princess Bride by S. Morgenstern, is about the most beautiful woman in the world, the hero who loves her, and the evil prince who says he wants to marry her. The lovely Buttercup (Robin Wright) is kidnapped on the eve of her wedding to Prince Humperdinck (Chris Sarandon) of Florin. (Buttercup isn't in love with Humperdinck; long ago she gave her heart to Westley (Cary Elwes), a farmhand. But she's given Westley up for dead because his ship was captured by the notorious take-no-prisoners Dread Pirate Roberts and she's heard nothing for years, so she might as well marry Humperdinck.) The kidnappers carry her off in a boat and up the Cliffs of Insanity, pursued by a mysterious masked man in black. At the top of the cliffs, Vizzini the Sicilian (Wallace Shawn), the chief bad guy, leaves his henchman Inigo Montoya (Mandy Patinkin) to deal with the man in black. Inigo is a superb swordsman, but in a spectacular cliff-top duel, the man in black proves to be better. Sparing Inigo's life, he goes off in pursuit of Buttercup and her captors. The huge and immensely strong Fezzik (Andr the Giant), Vizzini's remaining henchman, tries to overpower him, but the man in black manages to choke Fezzik until he loses consciousness. When he catches up with Vizzini and his captive, the man in black challenges the Sicilian to a battle of wits in which one of them is sure to die. He has a packet of highly poisonous iocaine powder and two goblets of wine. Out of Vizzini's sight, he adds iocaine to one of the goblets. He places one goblet in front of Vizzini and one in front of himself. Vizzini must choose whether to drink from the goblet given to him or the one the man in black kept for himself; the man in black will drink from the remaining goblet. After a fevered application of logic, Vizzini chooses, drinks, and dies -- the man in black, who has spent years developing a tolerance of iocaine, has poisoned both goblets. The man in black tells Buttercup he's the Dread Pirate Roberts and he's taking her to his ship. Buttercup, infuriated that the man who killed Westley has come after her, pushes him down a mountainside. As he tumbles down the steep incline, he says "As you wish..." -- which Westley used to say to Buttercup. Realizing that the man in black is Westley, Buttercup goes down after him and learns his story: rather than killing him, the Dread Pirate Roberts took Westley on as his apprentice. He taught Westley everything he knew, then retired, bestowing his ship and his name on Westley. Westley didn't reveal himself to Buttercup at first because he didn't think she still loved him. Meanwhile, Prince Humperdinck -- who of course arranged the kidnapping -- has raised the alarm and given chase. He wants an excuse to go to war with Guilder, the neighboring country toward which Buttercup's captors were carrying her. Westley and Buttercup flee into the fearsome Fire Swamp to escape their pursuers. The Fire Swamp offers no end of excitement: hungry ROUSes (rodents of unusual size), lightning sand (quicksand on steroids), and unpredictable jets of flame shooting out of the ground -- but Westley gets them through it. Alas, it's all for nothing; they're captured by Prince Humperdinck and his men as soon as they emerge from the swamp. So Buttercup makes a deal; she'll go back and marry Humperdinck in exchange for Westley's freedom. Humperdinck has no intention of holding up his end of the bargain and turns Westley over to his friend and lieutenant, Count Rugen (Christopher Guest), as soon as Buttercup is out of earshot. Count Rugen is a cruel and arrogant man whose history is tied to Inigo Montoya's. Twenty years before, the count visited Inigo's father Diego Montoya, a famously skilled swordsmith, and commissioned a sword of the highest quality. The job was challenging because Count Rugen (who did not give his name) has six fingers on his right hand. When the count came to collect his new weapon, which was the best Diego Montoya had ever made, Rugen would pay only a fraction of the agreed-upon cost. When Montoya objected, Count Rugen killed him. Inigo challenged his father's killer to a duel, but he was only 11; the count bested him easily, left him with a scar on each cheek, and rode off -- without his new sword. The grief-stricken boy vowed to avenge his father and spent the next twenty years studying swordsmanship and searching for the six-fingered man. He kept the sword. Count Rugen has made a long study of pain and has built the Machine, a suction-cup-based instrument of torture which he believes can inflict the most intense pain a human being can experience. He keeps the Machine in a secret chamber beneath the castle grounds called the Pit of Despair, and it is here that Westley is taken. Humperdinck, with Buttercup in tow, goes home to prepare for his wedding and for the invasion of Guilder, for which he plans to get popular support in Florin by murdering Buttercup on their wedding night and blaming Guilder. Buttercup shortly realizes that her love for Westley is so strong that she can't bring herself to marry Humperdinck. She asks to be released from her promise on the grounds that she'll kill herself on her wedding night if forced to go through with it. Humperdinck pretends to give in. He suggests that Westley might no longer love Buttercup, but he promises to send his four fastest ships in pursuit of the fugitive, carrying copies of a letter from Buttercup asking Westley to come back for her. He asks that if Westley doesn't come back, she consider marrying him, Humperdinck, as an alternative to suicide. Buttercup, serenely confident that her Westley will save her, agrees. In the days leading up the wedding, Prince Humperdinck makes a great show of beefing up security around the castle. He orders Florin's Thieves' Forest cleared of potential troublemakers and the guard at the castle gate increased. Fezzik is hired into the Brute Squad assigned to purge the Thieves' Forest and learns that Count Rugen -- Inigo's long-sought six-fingered man -- is in the castle. When he finds a very inebriated Inigo in the Thieves' Forest, Fezzik takes him home, sobers him up, and tells him that he's found the six-fingered man. Inigo and Fezzik resolve to go after Count Rugen, but realize they need someone who's good at planning -- someone like the man in black. Meanwhile in the Pit of Despair, Count Rugen has used the Machine (on a low setting) to suck away a year of Westley's life. When Buttercup realizes that Prince Humperdinck never sent those ships to search for Westley, she calls him a coward. He takes out his anger by running down to the pit, cranking the Machine all the way up, and torturing Westley to death. (Buttercup still has no idea that Humperdinck has Westley.) Fezzik and Inigo hear Westley's dying scream and come looking for him. Near the Pit they meet the Albino (Mel Smith), who has brought a wheelbarrow to haul away Westley's body. Fezzik knocks him out by mistake before he can tell them where Westley is, so Inigo has to call on his father's spirit to guide him to the Pit's hidden entrance (which is in a tree trunk). They reach the Pit of Despair to find that Westley is dead and they need a miracle. Cut to the frame story. The grandson is upset: how can Westley be dead? Who gets Prince Humperdinck in the end? Nobody, says the grandfather -- Humperdinck lives. The grandson becomes more upset, and the grandfather suggests that they stop reading the book for now. The grandson settles down and begs his grandfather to continue. Inigo and Fezzik take Westley's body to Miracle Max (Billy Crystal), who is retired (having been fired by Humperdinck) and doesn't want to take the job. He threatens to call the Brute Squad to run them off, but gives in when Fezzik points out that he's on the the Brute Squad. Max diagnoses Westley as being mostly dead and (using bellows to give him the breath to answer) asks Westley what in his life is worth coming back from the dead for; Westley answers "true love." Max pretends to misunderstand, but his wife Valerie (Carol Kane) badgers him to help and mentions that Max lost his confidence when Prince Humperdinck gave him the sack. Inigo says that Westley is Buttercup's true love, and if Max can bring him back to life, it will ruin Humperdinck's wedding. Delighted at the prospect of doing the prince a bad turn, Max accepts their money and whips up a large, chocolate-coated miracle pill. Inigo and Fezzik go off with Westley and the pill, accompanied by Max and Valerie's good wishes. "Have fun storming the castle!" On a rampart overlooking the castle gate, Inigo and Fezzik feed the miracle pill to Westley's corpse. It works immediately -- at least, it brings him mostly back to life; he can talk, but he can't walk or move much. The three review the situation: the castle gate is guarded by 60 men and Buttercup is due to be married in less than half an hour. They need to get in, rescue Buttercup, and kill Count Rugen. Their assets: Inigo's sword, Fezzik's strength, and Westley's brains. Westley objects that with so little time to plan, it can't be done -- though if they had a wheelbarrow, that might help. Inigo and Fezzik recall that the Albino's wheelbarrow is handy, and when Westley says "what I wouldn't give for a holocaust cloak," Fezzik produces one that Max gave him because "it fit so nice." In the castle chapel, the wedding is ready to begin. Outside, a dark apparition (Fezzik wearing the holocaust cloak and standing in the wheelbarrow, pushed with difficulty by Inigo, who is also dragging the nearly-immobile Westley) approaches the gate. "I am the Dread Pirate Roberts," the apparition booms. "There will be no survivors!" The guards at the gate waver. When Inigo sets the holocaust cloak on fire, the guards flee, except for Yellin (Malcolm Storry), Humperdinck's chief enforcer. Yellin gives up the gate key when they threaten to have Fezzik rip his arms off. Inigo, Fezzik and Westley encounter Count Rugen and some guards in a castle corridor. Rugen sics the guards on Inigo and Fezzik, but Inigo dispatches them easily. Then he addresses Count Rugen: "My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die." Count Rugen extends his sword, thinks better of it, and runs away. Humperdinck (who heard the commotion at the gate and sent Rugen to investigate) has rushed the silly-voiced clergyman (Peter Cook) straight past the "I do's" to "man and wife," and a bewildered Buttercup (who was sure Westley would save her before she was married) is escorted to the honeymoon suite by the king (Willoughby Gray) and queen (Anne Dyson), her new in-laws. Buttercup thanks the king for his kindness and tells him she'll be killing herself shortly; the king (who's rather deaf and probably gaga) replies "Won't that be nice!" Inigo takes off after Rugen but quickly runs into a locked door and calls for Fezzik. Fezzik drapes the rubbery-legged Westley over a suit of armor and goes off to help. He's puzzled when he comes back a few minutes later and Westley is gone. Meanwhile, though, Inigo has chased the count through the castle. Brought to bay in a banquet hall, Rugen pulls a dagger from his boot and throws it at Inigo, hitting him in the stomach. Inigo seems on the verge of expiring, and the count is able to wound him in both shoulders. Then Inigo pulls himself together and returns to the fight reciting his challenge, his voice and his attack strengthening with every repetition: "Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die!" "Stop saying that," the unnerved count whines just before Inigo closes in. After inflicting wounds on Rugen's cheeks and shoulders that match the wounds Rugen inflicted on him, Inigo allows the count to bargain and beg for his life, then kills him with a thrust to the gut. In the honeymoon suite, Buttercup takes up a dagger. As she prepares to kill herself, a voice behind her says "There's a shortage of perfect breasts in this world. It would be a pity to damage yours." She turns to find Westley reclining on the bed and throws herself into his arms. After a moment of blissful reunion, Buttercup confesses that without meaning to, she's married Prince Humperdinck. Westley points out that if she didn't say "I do" (which she didn't because Humperdinck made the clergyman skip most of the ceremony), it wasn't a legal wedding. Humperdinck enters, declaring that he will remedy the technicality. But first, he wants to challenge Westley to a battle to the death. Westley counters, "No! To the pain!" He describes how he will disfigure the handsome prince, leaving him his ears so every shriek and cry uttered by people who see him will echo in his perfect ears. Westley stands and tells Humperdinck to drop his sword. Cowed, Humperdinck does, and then he sits in a chair as Buttercup ties him to it. Inigo stumbles in and offers to kill Prince Humperdinck, but Westley wants him to live alone with his cowardice. They hear Fezzik calling for Inigo from the courtyard. Fezzik has found four white horses, and since there are four of them, he brought them out with him. Buttercup jumps down and Fezzik catches her. Inigo isn't sure what he'll do with the rest of his life. Westley asks if he's considered piracy: "You'd make a wonderful Dread Pirate Roberts." They jump down and all four ride away on the whites. The grandfather is finishing the story. Before reading the last line, he closes the book, because it's more kissing. (The grandson doesn't like the kissy parts.) But the grandson says that he doesn't mind so much, so the grandfather reads the last line of the book: "Since the invention of the kiss, there have been five kisses rated the most passionate, the most pure. This one left them all behind." The grandfather tells the boy to go to sleep, and the grandson asks him to return the next day and read the book again. The grandfather replies, "As you wish."
tt0458339
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
Bright headlights cut through a thick sheet of snowflakes. A scientist, bundled as warmly as possible, treks through the sleet. Two other men, in matching black cold-weather uniforms, approach the scientist. He leads them to an excavation site which is easily the size of a football field; at the center of the site appears to be a giant wing and fuselage. The black-suited men cut through the fuselage of the mystery craft and enter. Inside they find the remains of a massive, frozen ship. One of the men brushes away at the snow and sees a shimmering red, white, and blue shield encased in ice. Tonsberg, Norway, 1942: Two caretakers for an ancient Viking ruin listen as their town is overrun by Nazis. Suddenly the front door blasts open and in flood multiple Nazi agents. One of the caretakers is killed in the blast and the other frantically begs that the soldiers leave him in peace. They pay no attention to the old man and instead open the building's crypts one-by-one. They come to one sarcophagus whose lid is too heavy to lift. A dark figure appears in the exploded entryway. Johann Schmidt (Hugo Weaving), a high-ranking Nazi and leader of the HYDRA sect, nonchalantly enters. He crosses the room, comes to the difficult-to-open sarcophagus and easily pushes the lid free. Within he finds the skeletal remains of an old Viking clutching a glass cube (the Tesseract). The caretaker pleads for Schmidt to leave it. Schmidt scoffs and tells how this cube would be the jewel of Odin's treasury if it weren't a fake. He smashes it on the floor and goes to the caretaker, asking where the real cube is hidden. The caretaker initially refuses but under threat of harm to his family, he relents, gesturing to a hidden drawer across the room, part of an ancient carving the size of the wall. Schmidt pries the drawer open and finds the real, glowing cube concealed within. Schmidt orders his men to shell the city and then shoots the luckless caretaker. At a recruiting station in Brooklyn, Steve Rogers (Chris Evans), a 20-something, 90 lb, 5-foot tall asthmatic eagerly awaits the opportunity to enlist in the United States Army. The army doctor gives a once-over to Steve's medical file, which reads like that of a 90 year old man, and rejects Steve's application as the military 4-F, as this is his fourth failed attempt to enlist. Distraught, Steve heads to the movies. He envies the enlisted men featured in the pre-show newsreel, and watches as other audience members tear up. A loud-mouthed, impatient movie-goer begins yelling at the screen "Start the movie! I didn't pay to see this crap!" Steve tells the man to shut up, and is surprised as the man turns around, stands up and towers above him. In the alley behind the theater the bully savagely beats the scrawny Steve, who bravely fights back, but is easily overpowered. When his opponent asks him why he won't simply give up, the bloodied Steve says "I can do this all day." James "Bucky" Barnes (Sebastian Stan), Steve's best friend, comes running to the alley. He swiftly kicks the bully away and tends to Steve, who is annoyed that Bucky showed up and got rid of the bully just as Steve got his second wind. "Bucky" is now an enlisted-man. His application was accepted and he's been assigned to the 107th infantry. In a celebratory mood, Bucky invites Steve to go dancing with a pair of girls on a double date. Bashfully, Steve tags along. The four head to the World's Fair in Queens. While Bucky canoodles with his dates, Steve watches as playboy inventor Howard Stark (Dominic Cooper) unsuccessfully demonstrates a flying car. Steve breaks away from the group and goes to another recruiting station. Bucky catches up with him and asks how Steve intends to forge his application this time. Unbeknownst to them both, Dr. Abraham Erskine (Stanley Tucci) while passing by, eavesdrops on their conversation. He is fascinated by the gumption of Steve. Bucky wishes Steve good luck on his latest application and Steve heads in to the recruiting station for his fifth physical. Inside Steve sits on an examination table and grows nervous when an MP enters the room, and is soon followed by Dr. Erskine. Dr. Erskine has all of Steve's prior applications, and recognizing Steve's strong will and unwavering conviction, he accepts his latest application. In a secret military installation high in the Alps, Johann Schmidt brings the glowing cube to Dr. Arnim Zola, his Hydra weapon specialist. The cube's seemingly limitless power enables Schmidt and Dr. Zola to power unstoppable energy guns and cannons. Meanwhile, Steve has been enlisted into basic training under the careful watch of Dr. Erskine and Colonel Chester Phillips (Tommy Lee Jones). He and his platoon are told that they are candidates for the government's latest Super Soldier program. Phillips is unimpressed with Steve and is vexed by Dr. Erskine's interest in him. During basic training Steve meets a beautiful, but serious British officer, Peggy Carter (Haley Atwell), who seems to pity Steve. Despite being the smallest and weakest of the platoon, Steve demonstrates the greatest spirit and selflessness and ingenuity, especially when his platoon are charged with retrieving a flag from the top of a tall pole. As the other more fit men in the company fail one by one, Steve casually walks over to the pole and pulls the pin holding it up, taking the flag when the pole crashes to the ground. Phillips, still unconvinced, tosses a grenade into the group during calisthenics and they all scatter. Phillips is surprised when Steve alone leaps on top of it, willing to sacrifice himself to save the others, before discovering that the grenade was a dummy. Phillips concedes to Erskine's decision. That evening Dr. Erskine speaks with Steve. The two bond over a bottle of Schnapps and Dr. Erskine reveals that this is not his first time performing this experiment. He tells a story of how as a scientist in Germany, he was ordered by Johann Schmidt to create a serum that would give a man god-like strength. Dr. Erskine created an early version of the serum he intends to use on Steve, only when Schmidt injected himself his body's skin corroded away, leaving him as a sinewy red skeleton. Undeterred by the risk, Steve agrees to follow through with the procedure. The following morning Steve and Peggy wind their way through Brooklyn and come to a stop in front of an old antique shop. Along the way Steve points out various parts in Brooklyn where he's been beaten up. She asks him why he never ran away. He responds that running away, in his mind, was an invitation for further abuse. The two enter the antique shop, exchange pass-codes with an old woman manning the register, and descend into a secret military bunker concealed within. Peggy leads Steve to the heart of the bunker where they find Dr. Erskine preparing a medical capsule along with Howard Stark, and Colonel Phillips rubbing elbows with senators and dignitaries. Steve is told to remove his shirt and sit in the capsule. Stark describes that the procedure will first mean injecting muscle re-generators into Rogers' major muscle groups which will then be bombarded with "vita rays." Erskine has made no secret of the pain Steve will endure but promises he'll come out stronger. Carter bids Steve good luck and joins Phillips in the overhead viewing chamber. Erskine's serum is injected into Steve's muscles and Steve is enclosed within the vita ray capsule. The capsule glows brightly, Steve yells in pain but also tells them to continue and the procedure is quickly completed. When the capsule is shut down, Steve comes out a foot taller and a hundred pounds heavier with solid muscle, which is just the most superficial aspects of his body artificially raised to the maximum human potential. Everybody, including Phillips, celebrates the success of the procedure, and descends from the viewing chamber to congratulate Erskine. A lone dignitary, in actuality a German spy named Heinz Kruger (Richard Armitage), stays behind, placing a small satchel on a chair. Moments later the viewing gallery explodes. Kruger descends the stairs and fatally shoots Dr. Erskine twice. He swiftly kills the guards and flees onto the streets with Peggy in hot pursuit. Steve tends to a dying Dr. Erskine, who has just enough energy to point to Steve's heart before he dies. Steve bolts out of the bunker, in pursuit of Kruger. In the street Peggy pursues Kruger, and easily kills his getaway driver. Kruger steals a taxi and aims to run over Peggy. Steve arrives in the nick of time, saving her from being killed by the on-coming taxi. Steve pursues the taxi on foot, running faster than a normal human can (and not suffering the fatigue even a healthy man would). Displaying superhuman agility, he leaps onto the roof of the taxi, dodges Kruger's gunfire and the two come to a crashing stop at the Brooklyn docks. Kruger shoots at Steve, who holds the star-imprinted door of the wrecked cab in front of him as a shield. Kruger flees to his Hydra sub, which dives underwater just as Steve arrives. Steve dives after the sub, punches a hole through the cockpit's glass and yanks Kruger to the surface. Kruger tells Steve that he is the first of many, that Rogers can "cut off one head," but two more take it's place." He then kills himself with a cyanide capsule hidden in a fake tooth, letting out one last "Heil HYDRA!" before dying. Meanwhile, Schmidt and Dr. Zola are visited by a trio of Hitler's top commanders, tasked with inspecting Schmidt's operation. They ridicule Schmidt, saying that the Nazi party no longer takes him and HYDRA seriously due to his obsession with magic and the occult and playfully refer to him as "The Red Skull", a name that infuriates Schmidt. Schmidt takes the three to his weapons lab where they are shown his unstoppable energy weapons and a strategic map of Europe dotted with targets. One of the three notices a target hovering over Berlin and confronts Schmidt. Schmidt quickly vaporizes the three Nazi officers. Schmidt announces that HYDRA has disbanded from the Nazi party and is now enemies with the world. The following day Phillips and Carter pick up the remains of Dr. Erskine's lab. Both are despondent because the only person capable of producing the serum was Erskine himself. Steve is eager to go the front lines of the European Theatre but Phillips would rather he be a lab-rat than a soldier in his army. Steve is approached by a senator holding a newspaper of the prior day's events, emblazoned with a front-page photo of Steve chasing down Heinz Kruger. Steve has become an overnight celebrity and the Senator has an idea that will be mutually beneficial. Steve is enlisted in the USO (United Service Organizations), and travels around the Midwest, promoting war bonds and performing musical numbers in a shoddy red, white and blue costume while carrying a triangle-shaped shield bearing the stars-and-stripes. He takes on the name "Captain America" and the show includes a theme song written specifically for him, features dancing girls and a short segment where he punches out Hitler, played by an actor. Captain America becomes an overnight success, spawning comic books and black and white movies. His antics drum up revenue for the USO. Steve is soon taken overseas, to Italy, where he is to continue entertaining the troops. Upon his arrival the surly and war-torn men tease him and tell him to get lost. He is soon met by Carter, who along with Phillips, is overseeing European Theatre of the war. She tells him that the men are unhappy because many men from their division, the 107th Infantry, have been killed in battle. Steve realizes that this is Bucky's division, and quickly runs to see Phillips. Phillips is unable to find Bucky's name on his casualty list and tells Steve to go back to his job as a movie star and a cheerleader. Steve asks Carter where the men, and Bucky, are being held. She shows him a map, and a known HYDRA weapons factory 30-40 miles behind enemy lines. Steve hastily pulls on a pair of army trousers and leather jacket over his Captain America costume, and a blue helmet with a white 'A' stamped on the front. He aims to steal a jeep and drive into HYDRA's back yard, but she has a better idea. Howard Stark flies them both over the battlefield in his private plane. Steve surmises that Stark and Carter have a relationship and bashfully withholds his feelings for her. Just as anti-aircraft guns from HYDRA begin firing on Stark's plane, Steve parachutes in, while the other two escape back to safety. Steve stealthily makes his way into the HYDRA base, taking out numerous guards in the process. Inside, Schmidt and Zola are manufacturing enough weapons to wipe out every capital in the world. Steve makes his way to the holding cells where he sees hundreds of imprisoned men from the 107th. He frees the men and tells them to make a "messy" exit. Under the leadership of the "Howling Commandos" the prisoners manage to overpower their captors, steal guns and tanks, and escape from the facility, destroying much of it. Schmidt watches Steve by CCTV, and quickly realizes that he must be Erskine's man. He quickly activates several explosive charges that will level the base. Steve makes his way through the facility and happens across Bucky, who is tied down to an operating table, and has quite obviously been tortured. Steve also notices an oversized tactical map mounted on the wall, with various marked installations. Steve frees Bucky, who is surprised to see that Steve is taller than him, and commits the map to memory. The two head up the catwalks and find themselves face to face with Schmidt on a retractable bridge. Rogers punches Schmidt, who surprisingly stands his ground. Schmidt plays with his face, which has apparently come free from his skull, and quickly peels it away as a mask. The Red Skull stares back at Rogers and Bucky and swiftly enters an elevator. In the elevator The Red Skull tells Arnim Zola to meet him at another one of Hydra's bases and to take his car. The Red Skull escapes the exploding facility in a strangely-designed private plane while Zola sneaks away in Schmidt's roadster. Inside Steve and Bucky have a huge divide to cross to their freedom. Bucky crosses a trembling, buckling support beam and manages to cross to safety moments before the beam plummets into the fire below. Left with no other option, Steve backs up as far as he can and leaps over the burning chasm. Back at the 107th base camp, Phillips dictates a letter to his typist, telling how Rogers disappeared the prior night and likely perished during the battle. At that, Phillips berates Agent Carter for causing this loss and notes that unlike the indispensable Stark, she herself can be punished. Carter attempts to justify her actions, but Phillips bluntly dismisses her opinions considering that the loss of Rogers, the only successful test subject of Project: Rebirth, would be ample justification to close down their organization. Just then, Rogers arrives, with nearly 400 survivors of the 107th carrying samples of the Red Skull's technology including some combat vehicles leaving the base in a fervor. Rogers submits himself to Phillips for disciplinary action for going out in direct violation of orders, but is forgiven. At this success, Bucky calls for cheers for Rogers, who has truly become Captain America. The news of "Captain America's" success on the battlefield has swept over the world, but Rogers does not appear for his medal from Congress. The reason for that absence is in London, where Steve gives Phillips and Carter his best recollection of the HYDRA base map and tells them that he intends to go to those bases and destroy them one by one, and wishes to recruit a team of men made up of those he liberated in Italy. Steve meets the Howling Commandos in a bar and they eagerly accept the offer. While there all the men are surprised as Peggy enters dressed in a form-fitting cocktail dress. She ignores all the men, including Bucky, and flirts with Steve, telling him that she'd love to have a dance with him some day. The next day Steve is summoned to the Brooklyn bunker to see Phillips and Stark. Steve is approached by a beautiful female officer who wishes to thank him for his service the best way she knows how. Peggy walks in on Steve kissing the enlisted-woman and angrily storms away. Steve apologetically follows her to Stark's lab, insisting that he gets nervous around women and asks why he should apologize if Carter and Stark have a thing going. Stark quickly shoots down the rumored relationship and takes Steve to his weapons engineering lab. He remarks that Rogers has become attached to the triangular shield, which Steve says is a handy tool in the field. On a table are several prototype shields with sophisticated components, however Steve finds a plain, circular shield on a lower shelf. Stark explains that the shield is made of a metal called "vibranium", which is lighter than steel and is vibration resistant and will absorb heavy impacts. He holds the shield in front of him and asks Peggy for his opinion. She playfully/scornfully fires a clip from a .45 pistol at the shield, which Steve ducks behind. The shield passes the improvised test admirably. As she walks off, Steve passes a sketch of a uniform to Stark. Steve dresses in red, white and blue fatigues, dons a blue form-fitting helmet and stows the newly-colored shield onto his back. Captain America and his soldiers, including Bucky, make their way across Europe, flattening Hydra's bases one by one, with Rogers becoming quite skilled at using the shield as a projectile weapon and also discovering that it can ricochet off several surfaces and lot lose any velocity. News of his exploits reach the Red Skull and Zola. The Skull is furious, referring to Rogers as a "simpleton with a shield" and murders the last man alive at one of his destroyed facilities. High in the Alps, Steve and his men have a mission to capture Zola in his personal train. Three members of the team, Cap, Bucky and Gabe Jones (Derek Luke), zip-line across a massive chasm and storm the train car by car. Soon Cap and Bucky are cornered by heavily armed Hydra soldiers. They narrowly defeat the soldiers, however Bucky is tossed from the train and plummets into an icy river below. Zola is apprehended. Zola sits in a prison cell and is visited by Colonel Phillips, who brings him a steak dinner. Zola rejects the meal, convinced that it must be poisoned. Phillips shrugs and eats it himself. He tells Zola that he broadcast an easily decipherable message, which has certainly been intercepted by HYDRA, saying that Zola had defected. He also knows that Zola is easy to bargain with since he's the sole HYDRA agent they've captured who hasn't taken his cyanide capsule to avoid disclosing information. Zola, fearing that the lie will result in his death by the Red Skull, gives in to Phillips and tells him information of the Red Skull's only remaining HYDRA base. Rogers sulks in a war-ravaged bar. Carter arrives and comforts Steve over the loss of his best friend. Steve realizes that Dr. Erskine's serum rapidly regrows dead cells, making it impossible for him to get drunk. The two flirt a bit and talk about having a dance, once again. Rogers and his team prepare a battle plan to take down Red Skull at his headquarters. Rogers, dressed in a new uniform, mounts a Harley and charges the base. He easily dodges HYDRA soldiers and tanks and finds himself within the base, surrounded by a HYDRA army. He is taken into custody and led to the Red Skull's private weapons lab. Red Skull asks what makes Steve so special. Steve says "Nothing, I'm just a kid from Brooklyn," moments before members of his team zip-line into Red Skull's office. A climatic firefight ensues, as hundreds of soldiers under the direction of Phillips and Carter storm the base, killing many HYDRA soldiers. Red Skull flees to his private hangar, in which a gigantic flying wing, powered by the Tesseract, is preparing for take off. Steve attempts to catch up with the plane on foot, but is unable. Phillips and Carter arrive in the Skull's roadster, and the three take off after the plane. Just as Steve is about to leap onto the plane Peggy stops him and kisses him. Steve leaps from the roadster onto one of the plane's massive wheels. He sneaks into the craft where he finds dozens of kamikaze planes/missiles, each labeled with a different major American city. Hydra soldiers soon enter the room and Steve battles them, taking out numerous men and tiny planes. One of the planes, labeled New York, drops free. Steve takes off after it and manages to commandeer the craft and crashes it back into the flying wing after throwing the pilot through its rearward mounted propeller. Inside the large cockpit, Captain America and Red Skull have a fisticuffs battle. Red Skull fires his cube-energy pistol at Steve who easily deflects the shots using his shield. A shot is deflected into one of the cockpit's center consoles which contains the glowing blue cube. The console is damaged and Skull lifts the cube into the air. Suddenly a portal opens above him, showing starry space. The Red Skull glows brightly and is seemingly disintegrated. His remains are swept up into the cosmos. The cube, still glowing brightly, drops to the ground and burns its way down through the plane's hull before plummeting into the ocean below. Steve mans the plane's controls and radios Carter. He tells her that the plane is on a flight-path that will take them to the Eastern Seaboard. He tells her that their dance will have to wait. He pushes the plane into a dive and crashes it into a glacier below. Peggy can only hear static. Steve awakens in a 1940's hospital. An old-fashioned radio transmits the play-by-play of a Brooklyn Dodgers game. He gets up, looks out the windows and watches as the hospital door opens. A young nurse (Amanda Righetti) who bares a striking resemblance to Peggy enters. She waits for a response from Steve, who looks her over suspiciously. He asks why the radio is playing a game from May 1941... specifically, a game that he knows he attended. She reaches into her pocket and withdraws a two-way radio. Two tall soldiers in black uniforms enter the room, and Steve easily tosses them through a wall. Steve steps through the hole and is surprised to see that the 'hospital' is in fact a movie-set. He runs through the dark corridors, pushes a door open, and finds himself in a modern skyscraper bustling with people in business suits. He flees the building and finds himself in Times Square, circa 2011. He peers around, shocked by his surroundings, and watches as numerous matching black SUVs encircle him. Nick Fury (Samuel L Jackson) appears and carefully speaks to Steve. He tells him that he's been asleep, in ice, for 70 years, in a state of suspended animation. The hospital set was meant to gradually introduce him to modern society. Still perplexed, Steve breathes heavily and sadly tells Fury that he had a date, as he realizes everyone else he used to know in the 1940s is long dead or very old now. In a post-credit scene, Steve is in an old-fashioned gym. He pummels a punching bag so hard that he knocks it off its chain and sends it flying across the room. Fury enters the gym and asks Steve if he's had trouble sleeping. Steve cynically asks if Fury has come with another mission. Fury replies in the affirmative. Suddenly we see images of all the superheroes, who include Steve/Captain America, Thor (from the movie of the same name), Tony Stark (from the 'Ironman' movies), Hawkeye, Black Widow, Bruce Banner (from 'The Incredible Hulk') and other Shield agents preparing for battle. Fury tells him that "they're up." His personal mission to build an army of superheroes is complete, previewing The Avengers.
tt1125849
Drama,Sport
Over the credits, while Quiet Riot's "Metal Health" plays, we see numerous magazines and newspaper articles from the 80's, all of which feature Randy "The Ram" Robinson (Mickey Rourke), a major professional wrestling star. We then flash forward twenty years, where Randy "The Ram" is getting ready for a match in a small, local auditorium on the underground circuit. He interacts with the other wrestlers backstage, most of whom are much younger than he is (Randy is acknowledged to be in his 50's). Ironically, though they are foes inside the ring, outside the wrestlers are all friendly, discussing with each other how they want to perform the "act" that night, and after the show go drinking together. Randy preps for the match and it's obvious his age has caught up with him; his joints are cracking as he stretches and becomes short-winded easily. After he stretches he puts a small piece of a razor blade in his wrist bandages, in which later he uses to cut himself on the forehead to draw blood, making the match more dramatic for the fans. Afterward, Randy is given a meager payday, as the promoter claims the audience was smaller than expected. Randy's manager then poses a 20th anniversary rematch with his most notable opponent, the Ayatollah, which sold out Madison Square garden in the 80's. Randy agrees, hoping this kind of high-profile match could help him get back to the top. Randy goes home to find he has been locked out of his trailer for not paying his rent. He takes pain medication with a beer and falls asleep in the back of his van. The next day he goes to work to load boxes at a supermarket where he asks his boss if he could have more hours. His boss is very rude to him and makes a snide comment about the cost of tights going up being the reason he needs more hours. Randy laughs it off and continues to ask his boss for more hours but "not on the weekends". Again his boss makes a snide comment about his other 'profession' being the reason he can't work weekends. That night after work goes to a strip club to visit a stripper named Cassidy (Marisa Tomei). Like Randy, Cassidy is older than her coworkers. She's only 43 and still very good looking, but her coworkers are under 25 and dance to updated music versus outdated 80's rock. Randy overhears in another room a few obnoxious young guys calling her an old hag, she is old enough to be their mom and to get away from them. Randy steps in and pushes them around and yells at them that they have no idea how wonderful Cassidy is. She gives him a lap dance before she goes on stage. The next day we see Randy going through his training rituals. First stop is getting his hair bleached blond at a salon, then going to a tanning salon. He goes to a Dollar Store to buy a few items for his upcoming match and then we see him sitting in a locker room at a gym buying $900 worth of steroids and injecting it into his backside before he begins to work out feverishly. After the gym we see him talking to wrestler Dylan Summers, (a.k.a. Necro Butcher) who is explaining to him that the match is going to be particularly brutal, a "hardcore" bout, in which Randy and his opponent use various weapons on each other, including thumbtacks, staple guns, barbed wire and glass. Randy is asked if he's ever been in a match that involved staples and Randy says he hasn't. Summers tells him they are not bad going in but coming out they may leave a small hole. Randy looks uncertain but continues. We cut to the match and it is exactly as described; bloody and brutal. Randy suffers numerous gashes, including a deep cut on his chest from the barbed wire, but wins the match by smashing a glass door over his opponent's head. After the match Randy stumbles backstage and is seated in a chair where doctors fervently sew him up and remove the staples. The pain is excruciating and Randy gags a few times from the pain. After the doctors are finished and he is alone in his dressing room, he walks over to his locker, but before he can even open it he stares intently at his left arm, vomits twice and passes out. Randy wakes up in a hospital to learn that he suffered a heart attack that necessitated a bypass operation. His doctor warns Randy that unless he cuts out the steroids and stops wrestling, his life could be in danger. While signing out of the hospital an envelope is given to him containing his pay for the match. Randy goes to the pharmacy to have his prescriptions from the hospital filled and is very embarrassed to pick them up since they're filled under his real first name "Robin". Then he goes to pay his back rent and the trailer park manager takes the padlock off his door and says "Welcome home". Randy immediately falls asleep. The next day, following the doctor's advice, he takes it easy. He invites a neighbor kid over to play a videogame of wrestling, featuring Randy himself, on an old Nintendo console. The kid plays one match with him and abruptly leaves complaining about how old and boring the game is, and how he has "Call of Duty 4 at home".. "Call IT what?".. "No, Call OF Duty, it's about war". Randy goes for a jog and half way has to lean on a tree from exhaustion and starts to cry from the pain in his chest and realizing how alone in life he is. He goes back to the strip club and tells Cassidy about his heart attack, and she breaks one of her rules by agreeing to meet him outside to talk. He tells her how alone he feels, and she suggests he try to rekindle a relationship with his daughter, Stephanie (Evan Rachel Wood). At first he is hesitant but then Randy agrees. Randy goes to Stephanie's home, where she refuses to have anything to do with him. She yells at him for never being there during her childhood and walks away. Randy goes back to the strip club, tells Cassidy what happened, so she offers to help Randy find a present for Stephanie. The next morning Randy is waiting for Cassidy in front of a resale clothes store when she pulls up an old pickup truck. She gets out wearing jeans, winter boots, a heavy winter coat and a winter hat. Opposite of how he usually sees her (half nude) Randy 'compliments' her by saying she looks good cleaned up. She good-naturedly laughs it off knowing what he meant, and thanks him. They go inside the vintage shop and look at clothes to buy Stephanie. Cassidy settles on a black pea-coat but Randy insists on buying a lime green jacket with an "S" on it, "For Stephanie" he says. Cassidy frowns at it but then tells him to do what he thinks is right. Outside of the store he asks her is she wants to go have a beer. She declines. Randy insists and asks her why she can't. She tells him she doesn't usually do this but..she has a confession to make. She has a son. He's 9 years old. Randy asks why she never told him before and she explains it's just not considered attractive to have a kid. She shows him a picture of her son and he tells her how good looking he is and that he looks just like his mother. Randy then runs to his van and comes back with a old "Randy the Ram" wrestling action figure and tells her to give it to her son. Eventually Randy convinces Cassidy to have that beer. In the bar they talk and reminisce about the 80's and how lousy things are now, and Randy eventually kisses her. At first she fully embraces him, but then suddenly pushes him away, slams her beer and leaves him. Randy goes to see Stephanie and gives her the gift. The first one was the shiny lime jacket with the letter 'S' embroidered on it. She looks uncertain, so he explains that the next one is the "real" gift. He then gives her the pea-coat Cassidy picked out. She likes this one much better. Stephanie reluctantly agrees to spend the afternoon with him but he insists. They go for a walk by the New Jersey boardwalk and talk. Randy confesses that he has not been a good father. He breaks down in tears and pleads with her to have the relationship he never had because he was so very wrong before. Stephanie warms to him, thinks he might be trying to be a good father, and agrees to meet him for dinner that weekend. A few days later Randy goes to a convention to sign memorabilia for fans, only 2 fans show up to see him. While there he also sees several of the old wrestlers are disabled, one being in wheelchair. Randy leaves and makes a bunch of phone calls telling each person he is now retired and to cancel the 20th anniversary rematch with the Ayatollah. He then goes to work and walks in his bosses office without knocking and sees him watching porn. The boss yells at him to "try again, this time knock". Randy turns around and closes the door, knocks twice and his boss throws the door open hitting him with it yelling, "what do you want?". Randy again asks him for more hours. His boss says he doesn't have anymore to give him except for weekends. Randy hesitates and says he'll take weekends. Stunned the boss turns around and says it's his. He is to work the deli counter. "You mean with customers?" After donning an apron and a hair net the boss gives him his name tag (with his real full name even after Randy objected to it) and he goes out to the deli counter and immediately gets into the swing of things. He actually seems to enjoy himself taking care of the customers and cutting meat and frying chicken. Later he goes to see Cassidy at the strip club and gives her a 'Thank You' card. He asks her if he could get her a drink and she says she doesn't take drink from "customers". Stunned he says to her, "I thought we were passed that." She became very harsh with him and said NO, all he is is a customer and she should never have went out with him the first time. They argue and Randy insults her and she yells for security for him to be thrown out. Upset, Randy goes to a wrestling show as a spectator. After the show he goes out with the other wrestlers, gets drunk, and ends up doing cocaine and having sex with a fan. The next morning he gets home and sleeps the day away and when he wakes he realizes that he missed dinner with Stephanie that night. He goes to her home in the middle of the night to apologize, but Stephanie is in tears, throwing things at him, and screaming that she waited two hours for him to show up. She says he has never been and never will be a father to her. She also says he cannot change who he is, and that she never wants to see him again and throws him out of the house. Randy goes to work the next day. He becomes very agitated while dealing with an finicky elderly lady, and to add insult to injury the next customer says he "thinks" he recognizes him, that he looks just like the Ram except older. Humiliated, Randy slams his thumb in the deli meat slicer. After he cuts himself he yells in pain and blood spatters, with customers screaming. His boss reminds him there are customers, and he screams at his boss for being such an A**hole, and "HOW DARE YOU TALK TO ME LIKE THAT", kicks and punches items around with blood flying everywhere, "You Prick!! I QUIT"..and he later calls up the promoter and tells him he wants to wrestle the last match with the Ayatollah. Later we see Randy bleaching his hair from a box and spray tanning himself, then packing up his trailer with all of his belongings. Cassidy arrives just as Randy is leaving and apologizes, saying there is something between them but she was afraid to let him get close. Randy seems to have resigned himself to the fact that he is meant to be alone, and drives off, passing her a flyer for the match. Randy drives to the arena and greets the Ayatollah (actually a used car salesman named Bob). They catch up and prepare for the match. As Randy is getting ready to walk out to the ring with the crowd chanting his name, Cassidy arrives. She warns him that his heart could give out if he wrestles, but he shrugs it off. Randy says that the real world doesn't care about him, and the only place he belongs is in the ring. Cassidy tells him she wants to be with him, but Randy heads to the ring as his music blares. Before the match, Randy gives a speech thanking the fans, telling them how he's lived his life burning the candle from both ends. But even though people told him he'd never wrestle again, here he is. The match begins, and the crowd is into it. But as it progresses, Randy starts to deviate from the planned match. Concerned, Ayatollah asks if he's alright. We realize that Randy is doing this on purpose, that he wants his heart to give out. Randy goes so far as to steal one of the Ayatollah's signature moves. As the match winds down, Randy feels his heart giving out, and he can barely stand. Bob/Ayatollah realizes this and tries to end the match to save Randy's life, but Randy refuses to stop. Randy looks into the crowd, but cannot see Cassidy. Finally Randy climbs to the top rope to deliver his signature "Ram Jam" finisher, his heart ready to burst, Randy salutes the fans, his face covered in tears and sweat. He then leaps off the top rope, and the screen fades to black.
tt0795421
Comedy,Musical,Romance
20-year-old Sophie Sheridan (Amanda Seyfried) lives with her mother Donna (Meryl Streep) on the small Greek island Kalokairi where Donna runs a hotel called Villa Donna. Sophie is planning to marry her fiance Sky (Dominic Cooper)and wants her father to be present to "give her away," but does not know who he is. After reading Donna's diary from 20 years ago, she concludes he is one of three men: Sam Carmichael (Pierce Brosnan), Harry Bright (Colin Firth), or Bill Anderson (Stellan Skarsgrd). Without telling her mother and fianc, Sophie mails invitations to all three ("I Have a Dream"), and hopes to find out which is her father. Sophie tells her two best friends, Ali (Ashley Lilley) and Lisa (Rachel McDowall) about her potential fathers ("Honey, Honey"). All three men come to the island, thinking Donna asked them to come, and Sophie hides them upstairs in the old goat house,getting them to agree not to reveal she wrote to them pretending to be her mother Donna. Other guests have also arrived from the harbor:Donna's longtime friends, single,fun-loving writer Rosie (Julie Walters) and rich three-time divorce Tanya (Christine Baranski). While Donna is making repairs to the hotel she cannot afford (Money, Money, Money), there is a tremor and the dolphin mosaic in the courtyard floor splits. Donna hunts flooring supplies in the goat house, hears noises upstairs, and peers inside the trap door and window. Recognizing the men she had dated,Donna panics,but tries to take another peek at them(Mamma Mia), but cannot get inside the locked room. Finally, she climbs to the rooftop, and then falls through the top door(opened by a member of the Greek chorus whom Donna and the other characters apparently cannot see). Donna, unable to handle the memories, asks the three men to leave the island, so they simply stay in the harbor on Bill's boat. Seeing the three men has sent Donna into shock, her two friends, Tanya and Rosie, try to reassure her (Chiquitita). Donna explains the 3 potential fathers are on the island, and comments, "it's like a hideous trick of fate," when some bystanders instantly laughed. Tanya and Rosie ponder the quiet bystanders, and Rosie mutters, "It's very Greek" Tanya and Rosie look at the Greeks then follow Donna into the house (Greek comedy). However, Donna's depression continues, so Tanya and Rosie remind her of her free-spirited past (Dancing Queen) and Donna rebounds; they all sing together and dance through the streets, joined by many women and girls of the town, dancing down to the harbor pier(former ABBA member Benny Andersson appears playing the piano in this scene). Sophie visits the three men on Bill's boat and convinces them to stay for her wedding after hearing all three men's memories of Donna (Our Last Summer). When she hears Sky, she jumps into the sea and swims to him on the beach. There, they discuss their meeting and their love for each other (Lay All Your Love On Me), but Sky is ambushed by his buddies for the bachelor party. That evening, the three women, at a hen party, recreate their old 80's style musical duo, Donna and the Dynamos (Super Trouper) to entertain at the bachelorette guests. The three men come to the party, and the crowd separates, singing and dancing (Gimme! Gimme! Gimme!). Sophie talks to Bill, and he realizes he could be her father. She asks him to give her away at the wedding. The masked guys from Sky's bachelor party invade the hen party in a wild dance (Voulez-Vous). In the commotion, the other two men also conclude that they could be the father, and separately, each tells Sophie that he will be the one to give her away at the wedding. Surrounded by her mother, her fianc, and all three potential fathers, Sophie faints over her dilemma. To avoid contention between the three men, Sophie instead asks Donna to give her away. Harry, feeling responsible for missing 20 years of Sophie's life, insists that Donna accept a very large monetary gift to cover the "cost of the wedding" (and more). While talking to Sam, Donna, making more repairs, attempts to seal the cracks in the central-courtyard dolphin mosaic, but the caulking nozzle splits, further thwarting her efforts of the day. Donna must rush to other preparations. Sam and Donna have tried to talk to each other, but each have concealed their feelings, love, and each laments their love separately (SOS). Meanwhile, Tanya rejects the playful advances of Pepper and some of Sky's other friends (Does Your Mother Know). After confessing to Sky that she has invited all three potential fathers, Sky says that he is unsure of what he wants to do about the wedding. Sophie rushes up to Donna and asks her if she will help her prepare for the wedding and she agrees; whilst preparing, they both reminisce about the times before being engaged (Slipping Through My Fingers). Donna, still unaware of Sam's true feelings, and rushing to the hilltop wedding, tells Sam to stop talking to her(The Winner Takes It All). Then Donna runs to the hilltop. Sam is stunned. During the wedding ceremony, Donna finally mentions the "father" issue, and the secrets begin unraveling: all three potential fathers publicly claim be Sophie's father and agree to happily take a 'third' each. Sophie and Sky decide to postpone the wedding,as Sky wanted all along,and to take a trip around the world together. Sam proposes to Donna, revealing that after falling for her two decades previously, he had to go back to England to break off his engagement. But when he came back to Kalokairi,one of her friends told her she was off with another man(Bill). He went home and got married anyway. But that was a mistake and he is now divorced. He argues that if they marry right away,the wedding party is not wasted. Donna agrees to marry Sam (I Do, I Do, I Do, I Do, I Do). Sam and Donna celebrate with their newfound family and friends (When All Is Said and Done). At the wedding, Harry tells Donna she was the first and last woman he ever loved, infering he is gay and pointedly looks at a local lad. During the after-wedding party, Rosie reveals she is strongly attracted to Bill (Take a Chance on Me) he does not reciprocate at first, but eventually gives in. One issue remains to be resolved: as the crowd dances in the courtyard, the central dolphin mosaic breaks open, in a tremor, and a tall spray rains over the party. Donna concludes it was Aphrodite,the Greek goddess of love,influencing events all along. The closing scene of the film shows Sophie and Sky sailing to the horizon to begin their life together, leaving Sam and Donna to live happily ever after on the island ("I Have a Dream"). After the closing scene, Donna and the Dynamos perform "Dancing Queen" over the credits. Next, the entire cast sings Waterloo. Finally, Sophie sings Thank You for the Music as the ending credits roll.
tt0445922
Drama,Fantasy,History
The film opens with a solitary figure, Jude (Jim Sturgess), sitting on a quiet beachfront, singing Girl with a melancholy air, while looking off into the distant horizon. It's the end of the workday as Jude lines up with his fellow shipyard hands for their day's wages. After receiving payment from the old man in charge, Jude walks back home, smiling along the way. As he leaves, Hold Me Tight begins, while we flash to an idealistic prom scene, where Lucy (Evan Rachel Wood) dances along with her boyfriend Daniel (Spencer Liff) and their classmates. A classic band plays along, as Lucy sings to Daniel Tell me I'm the only one In another part of the world, another couple in Liverpool is singing the same song as they dance at a dark underground Liverpool bar, a reference to the Cavern Club, where the Beatles began their career. Jude holds his girlfriend (Lisa Hogg) as she sings Let me go on loving you. Ambling along a dark, damp street after leaving the bar, Jude and his girlfriend hold hands and trip along the cobblestone. They stop to kiss along the road, as she tells Jude not to forget her while he is in America. He laughs and consoles her, singing While I'm away, I'll write home everyday, and I'll send all my loving to you. While Jude continues to sing All My Loving, he packs his bag, kisses his mom (Angela Mounsey), and heads off to the docks to board a ship to America, seeking out his estranged father in New Jersey. Back at Daniel's house, Lucy is seeing him off to boot camp and Vietnam. In his new uniform, Daniel drives off while Lucy runs after the car. We then see Lucy sitting on her bed writing a letter, clearly for Daniel. In an army vehicle we see Daniel reading the letter presumably from Lucy as he and his fellow recruits drive away from Boot Camp. The vehicle drives past a high school football field, where football practice is winding down, with cheerleaders running through their routines and watching the players on the field. After practice ends, a cheerleader, Prudence (T.V. Carpio), watches wistfully as a fellow cheerleader flirts with a football player. She softly sings I Want To Hold Your Hand as she watches her obvious rival walking away with the jock. As she watches them and sings, she walks off the field, into the unknown. We then see her on the side of the road, thumb extended. In a different part of America, Jude is doing exactly the same thing. A car pulls over for him and, momentarily trying to get in on the wrong side before realizing American cars are different, he gets in. Jude arrives at Princeton and stands on the academic quad while a student, obviously in a rush, tears his way through the crowd and drops all of his books and papers. While stooping down to help collect the papers, Jude asks the student if he knows a certain professor, believing him to be his father. The student, Max (Joe Anderson), is first at a loss, until he realizes that Jude is looking for the janitor (Robert Clohessy). He laughs, and points to a man washing windows on a ladder, saying "That's him." Introducing himself to the window washer, Jude explains who he is. At first, the man is surprised, saying that he didn't know the mother was pregnant, and that he would have married Jude's mother if he had known. Jude assures him that this apology wasn't what he wanted, but just wanted "them each to know that the other existed." Max, the charming and outgoing student from earlier, is on a roof with a few of his buddies as they chip golf balls off of a beer bottle at the nearby dormitory windows. After a few misses, he finally connects - and the group flees the angry mob that spills out of the dorm. Jude, seeing the commotion while out having a cigarette in front of the building that his father is letting him stay in, lets Max slip in to hide. Grateful, Max invites Jude to go out that night with himself and his golfing buddies. While proclaiming that they get by With a Little Help From My Friends, they smoke and drink their way through town until they finally collapse on couches from exhaustion. Lucy walks home from school with her friend, while she talks about missing her boyfriend Daniel. As they walk up to Lucy's house, her mom hands her a letter, smiling; it's from Daniel saying that he has been able to get a few weeks leave, and will be home soon to visit. Lucy launches into song as she flies up the stairs, excited that "It Won't Be Long" before she'll be back together with Daniel. For Thanksgiving break, Max invites Jude home for the holidays. After picking up Max's little sister, who turns out to be Lucy, they continue on home. At dinner, Max announces that he is dropping out of college and going to New York. An argument ensues, and the three decide to go out bowling to release some tension. At the alley, while they joke around and tease each other, Jude thinks to himself that he's "falling, yes he is falling" for Lucy while singing I've Just Seen A Face. When he and Max drive away to New York, Max warns Jude that Lucy has a boyfriend. Jude smiles and assures him that It's OK; he has a girlfriend too. Jude and Max arrive in the city, and after climbing to the top of a walkup, they enter a large apartment owned by a singer named Sadie (Dana Fuchs), who shows them the apartment, while several people lounge around playing the guitar or reading. Pleased with the apartment, they agree to pay two weeks' rent in advance, and become New Yorkers. Moving to the streets of Detroit during the race riots, a little boy cowers next to a car on fire, while black men and women run on the streets from the police. Staring out at the audience, he sings "Let It Be" among the violence. Moving into a church in the black community, while the choir swells, we see the same little boy laying in a coffin, obviously a casualty of the rioting. JoJo (Martin Luther) stands holding an older woman as she weeps, staring at the little boy's lifeless body. The little boy is his younger brother. Experiencing the same grief, we see Lucy weeping after a letter to Daniel's parents notify them of his death. She too, stares at the burial of her boyfriend, as soldiers fold up the flag and hand it to bereaved mother. As the song ends, JoJo slings a guitar over his shoulder, and walks down the street, heading to New York City himself. As he steps along, Come Together plays to the beat. Walking down the street, he sees a sign for Guitarist Needed at the bar "Caf Huh?" and enters. Sadie is there, and gives him the role of lead guitarist in her band. He comes to the apartment to live; one night while he is playing a song on his guitar for Jude, a water-logged Prudence climbs into their bathroom window out of the rain, and becomes their newest roommate. After graduating high school, Lucy joins her brother Max and friend Jude in the city for the summer before she goes to college. While she's happy to see her brother, she's reluctant to give him the letter that came for him - a draft notice. At a party at the apartment that night, Jude falls again for Lucy, and breaks up with a girl that he was seeing. Lucy sings If I Fell while they dance, and finally kiss. The next day, Max reports to the draft board for his physical, and despite having swallowed an entire box of cotton balls in the hopes that it will show up as a shadow in x-rays, is deemed qualified for service. While he and a large group of men all endure rigorous physicals, they imagine an animated poster of Uncle Sam singing to them I Want You. Back at the apartment, Prudence is mourning the coupling of JoJo and Sadie, after having found herself infatuated with the singer. She locks herself into the closet, and the others sing Dear Prudence to coax her out of her hiding place. Despite this, Prudence leaves unexpectedly; no one is sure where she goes. The remaining gang goes to a party where an agent tries to convince Sadie to go solo. Tripping out on pink punch, the group embarks on a psychedelic cross-country bus trip. At a stop in a field, they see a circus run by Mr. Kite, and find Prudence in the troupe dating a contortionist named Rita. Max is now off to war, leaving Lucy angry and distraught. After seeing an anti-war speaker in the park, she decides to protest the war and call to bring the troops home. As Lucy devotes more and more time to the protest, Jude becomes jealous of the man that runs the group. Sadie has finally told the rest of the band that she is planning on going solo. Infuriated, JoJo purposefully ruins her opening song Oh! Darling with distracting and awful guitar riffs, forcing her to leave the stage. Having his own relationship trouble, Jude sinks into his artistic work while singing Strawberry Fields Forever. He and Lucy have now fought over her increasing involvement and obsession with her anti-war group, culminating in Jude confronting her at their headquarters while singing Revolution. After being kicked out, he walks by a window display of the announcement of the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr. While My Guitar Gently Weeps starts playing. He meets up with JoJo and gets drunk, only to find that Lucy has moved all of her belongings out of the apartment, leaving him. Later that day, he gets on a subway (to the song Across The Universe) to go to Columbia University, where the anti-war group's actions escalate to increasing violence, leading to police action at Columbia. Sadie starts singing Helter, Skelter at a club, while Jude, walking through, sees Lucy as one of the protesters being arrested by the police, and attempts to save her while she is being dragged away. She calls out to him, but he is overcome by the police and is arrested. At the same time, Max gets into a gunfight, where he is injured and has a dream sequence about naked Vietnamese mothers floating in the river. Meanwhile, Jude sits in his jail cell, as more and more prisoners are released. Finally, alone, his father comes to visit him and breaks the news that although the police will not press charges, he is being deported to England. He encounters Molly, his old flame, now pregnant with Phil's child. While he is walking home, the scene cuts to Lucy at Max's bedside in the VA hospital. He starts singing Happiness is a Warm Gun in a sequence with Salma Hayek as a nurse. At one of her rallies, Lucy is in a phone booth, while her mother pleads with her on the phone to be careful and begs her to stop her involvement in the protests. Resolved, she argues with her mother, when a fight breaks out, and a bullet hits the phone booth. Lucy tells her mother she has to go and hangs up, then screams as she sees a protestor being mauled by a police dog. Uninjured but shaking in terror, Lucy sinks down while singing to herself that it'll be alright. TV scenes of the DC protests and the Pentagon protest show while Max watches at the VA hospital. Lucy goes back to the old protest headquarters and finds Paco making pipe bombs. A Day in the Life is playing as Jude gets off work, and he gets a newspaper and sees that the place where the protesters organized had blown up. Cut to him sitting on the beach... then cut to the wharf area in NY, where Max is sitting and Lucy sings Blackbird, while Jude wanders the beach and tidal areas in Liverpool. Jude gets back into his routine at the shipyards, then sits in a pub after work, having a pint. To the words of Hey Jude, sung by Max (as imagined by Jude as sitting next to him, while he is looking into a mirror behind the bar), he runs to his house to again pack his bags, and returns to the States (this time with a visa) to reclaim Lucy. Max meets him at Customs, and takes him to the building where Sadie and JoJo's reunited band is playing Don't Let Me Down to a cheering crowd on the streets. Unaware that Jude is back, Lucy is invited by note by Max to come to the concert. She is about to press the buzzer when she sees the strawberry logo Jude designed for Sadie, and old memories of her and Jude and the pain of the breakup come rushing back, and she walks away hurriedly. The police break up the concert as the crowd gathering gets larger. Jude hides from the police, and after being left alone on the roof, starts singing All You Need Is Love into the microphone. Sadie, JoJo, Prudence, Max, and the rest all rush back up to the roof, and join in. Lucy hears Jude's voice, and frantically rushes to get into the building, only to be stopped by the police. She turns, and runs to a building across the street, and stares at Jude from the roof across the way. As the rest of the band join in with song, Jude catches Lucy's eye from across the building. She smiles as a tear runs down her cheek. Jude sighs and a smile of happiness slowly spreads across his face. Together in the end, they kiss as Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds plays during the end credits.
tt0247638
Comedy,Family,Romance
Mia Thermopolis (Anne Hathaway) is a fifteen-year-old tenth grade private school student who lives with her mother Helen Thermopolis (Caroline Goodall) and her cat, Fat Louie, in a renovated San Francisco firehouse. Her father, Philippe Renaldi (who had divorced her mother years ago but still kept in touch with Mia) died two months earlier in a car crash. Although Mia is an average student, she is very unpopular, but has two good friends: Lilly Moscovitz (Heather Matarazzo) and Lilly's brother Michael Moscovitz (Robert Schwartzman). Shortly before Mia's sixteenth birthday, she learns her paternal grandmother is visiting from Genovia, a small European country. Mia meets her grandmother, Clarisse Renaldi (Julie Andrews), at the Genovian consulate for the first time in her life. Clarisse explains that the reason she wanted to see her was because of a "life-changing" problem. Mia learns that her father was the crown prince of Genovia and, due to his death, she is now the next in line and the only heir to the Genovian throne. She is shocked to learn that she is a princess and at first rejects the whole idea. Mia's mother and grandmother convince her to attend "princess lessons" in preparation for her introduction to the Genovian government at the upcoming State Dinner, under supervision from her new bodyguard, the head of Genovian security, Joseph "Joe" (Hctor Elizondo). To look more presentable to the Genovian government, Mia receives a makeover from Italian hairdresser Paolo (Larry Miller). All of this is to be kept secret until Genovia's Independence Day Ball to avoid a media frenzy. However, the San Francisco Chronicle learns that Mia is the Genovian crown princess after Paolo breaks his confidentiality agreement. Although thoroughly annoyed, Clarisse presses onward and prepares for the State Dinner. Mia attends and is publicly humiliated via her klutziness. The day after the State Dinner, Mia agrees to appear on Lilly's public-access television program Shut Up and Listen and to watch Michael's band perform at a venue that Saturday night. Mia is almost 16 so she is almost able to drive a car, (her "baby", a vintage Ford Mustang.) She takes a test drive with her grandmother and they go to an arcade. Mia asks her grandmother if her father wanted to be prince, to which she replies yes, but adds that he thought of abdicating only once when he fell in love with Mia's mother. However, he realized his love for his country was greater. While driving back to the Genovian consulate, Mia's car fails on a hill and rams into a trolley loaded with people. No one is hurt, but the police are called. To save Mia a trip to the police station (she was driving without a license), Clarisse names the police man and trolley master to the Genovian Order of the Rose (a fictional honor made up on the spot). The men are so flattered that Clarisse and Mia are given a ride back to the consulate in a police car. Josh, a cute boy on whom Mia has a crush, asks Mia to go with him to the school's annual beach party. She excitedly agrees. Michael and Lilly are both hurt when Mia blows them off for the popular kids. Mia's mother wisely points out Josh never liked her before all this princess business. Mia ignores this observation. The beach party goes well at first, but spirals out of control when the media learns of Mia's presence. Josh uses her to get his fifteen minutes of fame by publicly kissing Mia and three jealous popular girls embarrass Mia in front of the paparazzi, resulting in photos of her in only a towel. The unflattering photos wind up on tabloid covers and this displeases Clarisse. Then, Clarisse tells Mia that she could still go to the ball and invite her friends, except Josh. Joe, however, reminds Clarisse that although Mia is a princess, she is still a teenager and Clarisse's granddaughter. To reconstruct her friendships with Lilly and Michael, Mia apologizes and invites them to the Genovian Independence Day Ball, where she must reveal whether or not she wants to accept her duties as a princess. Upon learning she must personally and publicly renounce her throne, the terrified Mia plans to run away. She is stopped when she finds a sixteenth birthday gift (the titular diary) and a letter from her father written before his death. Touched by his words, she changes her mind and makes her way to the ball. Her car breaks down on the way, but she is saved by Joe, who arrives with a limo (having suspected her runaway plans). When they arrive, Mia makes a speech announcing her acceptance of the Genovian throne. She shares her first dance with Michael, who then takes her outside to the palace garden where they kiss. Clarisse and Joe are seen holding hands, signifying the start of a relationship. The last scene shows Mia on the plane with Joe and her cat. Mia is writing in her diary, explaining that she is moving to Genovia, her mother is moving with her, and Lily and Michael will visit her during the summer. When Mia looks out the plane's window she sees the beautiful palace of Genovia below.
tt0110148
Drama,Horror
In modern-day San Francisco, reporter Daniel Molloy (Christian Slater) sets up recording equipment in a run-down, upper level apartment. He intends to interview Louis de Pointe du Lac (Brad Pitt) who claims to be a vampire. Molloy is skeptical until Louis brashly displays his supernatural gifts, moving swiftly across the room to turn on a light. Louis' skin is translucent and he oozes charm. Louis begins his story in 1791 where he is a young plantation owner living on his estate in Louisiana. Having lost the will to live due to the deaths of his wife and infant child in childbirth, he squanders his wealth and gambles in shady bars, welcoming death. While wandering the waterfront, drunk and in company of a harlot, he is attacked by a vampire named Lestat de Lioncourt (Tom Cruise). The woman is killed and Louis is fed on, but allowed to live. Lestat has sensed Louis' dissent for life and returns to him to offer him a new one, giving him "the choice I never had". Louis meets Lestat in a cemetery where the vampire drains him to the point of death before offering him his own blood. Doing so transforms Louis into a newborn vampire and he is amazed at the change. However, he quickly comes to regret his decision and finds feasting on humans immoral whereas Lestat revels in the pleasure of killing. As such, Louis begins to suffer and survives by feasting on rats and other small animals. Lestat lives with Louis at his plantation and the slaves begin to grow anxious by his presence. At a party, Lestat convinces Louis to seduce a wealthy but older heiress (Lyla Hay Owen) in order to drink her blood. While Lestat feasts on her powdered servant, (Lee E. Scharfstein), Louis attempts to feed but goes for the woman's irate poodles instead. Hearing the commotion and the woman's terrified cries, Lestat rushes over and snaps her neck and berates Louis. In the interview, Molloy asks about vampire stereotypes; coffins, crucifixes, garlic, and stakes through the heart. Louis admits that most are nonsense, except coffins. Secure and comfortable, they are one of the only sensible things a vampire can rest in with no fear of the light. During an evening at home, Louis has a rare moment alone with his servant, Yvette (Thandie Newton), who confides that she and the other slaves are concerned about their master and how he never eats or comes out during the day anymore. She comforts Louis but he takes her wrist and feeds from her. She screams and Louis suddenly has to stifle her. The other slaves, having grown suspicious of him over time, approach the mansion with torches to see Louis carrying Yvette's body out. Louis grabs one of the torches, tells the slaves their master is damned and that they should leave, and sets the mansion on fire. Lestat arrives and scolds Louis who seems bent on punishing himself for his sins. Lestat takes them to a mausoleum where they can sleep safely during the day. Eventually they find a new dwelling in New Orleans but Louis remains despondent, refusing to feed on humans even when Lestat has them offered on a silver platter. In one instance Lestat brings home two prostitutes (Indra Ov and Helen McCrory) and toys with them before killing them, trying to entice Louis to give in to his nature; to end his suffering. Lestat's philosophy is one of pleasure out of necessity; they must feed, so why not have fun? He tries to persuade Louis to end his suffering, to no avail. Louis wanders the streets one night and stumbles on a sector infested with the plague. He discovers a little girl (Kirsten Dunst) weeping at the decomposing body of her mother. She runs to Louis for comfort but he is suddenly overcome with hunger and feeds from her. Lestat appears, laughing and celebrating Louis' break from abstinence by dancing with the girl's dead mother. Louis flees but laments that he finally felt what peace could be; by allowing himself to be a vampire. He returns to the home he shares with Lestat to find that he's brought the little girl back with him, alive. Appealing to Louis' compassion, and to convince him to stay with him, Lestat turns the girl, making her a vampire, and names her Claudia. Louis resents Lestat for this, but comes to love Claudia as his own daughter. He and Lestat dote on her and shower her with luxurious clothes and dolls and Claudia grows into a talented killer, using her child-like charms to lure her victims. Lestat is proud of his apt pupil but, though time passes, Claudia remains a little girl immortal. When she finally realizes she can never grow old and look as other women do, she becomes furious. She demands that Louis tell her how she came to be and, after hearing the story, blames Lestat for her condition. She tells Louis that it's time for them to leave Lestat and devises a plan since Lestat would never let them go. On the basis of a truce, she fools Lestat into drinking 'dead blood' from two boys she overdosed with laudanum. Having fed from the dead, Lestat is incapacitated and Claudia slits his throat. She and Louis take Lestat into the bayou and dump his body in alligator infested waters. They return home to pack, intent on leaving for Europe to start a new life, but Lestat returns, decrepit but alive, having fed on alligators and other animals in the swamp. He attacks Claudia for having been "a very naughty little girl" but Louis sets him and their home on fire. Louis and Claudia flee and make it to their ship in time to see the whole neighborhood aflame. They travel through the Mediterranean and across Europe seeking other vampires but never finding any. Eventually, they settle in Paris and, one night, Louis encounters a vampire named Santiago (Stephen Rea) who taunts him before meeting Armand (Antonio Banderas), a seductive vampire who theorizes that, after 400 years, he must be the oldest vampire in the world. Armand invites Louis and Claudia to live with him at his coven, the Thtre de Vampires where vampires pretending to be humans pretending to be vampires stage horror shows for humans, though they actually feast on unsuspecting patrons. Claudia is disgusted by their cheap theatrics but Louis is drawn to Armand by his charm and wisdom. Santiago is able to read Louis' mind and suspects that he and Claudia murdered their companion, Lestat, of whom they knew - a taboo among vampires. Claudia is a taboo herself in that no vampire should create an undead child. With this knowledge, Armand tries to get Louis to leave Claudia to live with him. Louis is tempted, yearning to learn what he could not from Lestat. Sensing that he is leaving, Claudia demands that Louis leave her a companion and brings a woman named Madeleine (Domiziana Giordano) to their home. Madeleine has agreed to change for Claudia so that she can 'adopt' her. Louis reluctantly concedes. However, as soon as Madeleine completes her transformation, the Parisian vampires invade the home and abduct the three of them. They encase Louis in a metal coffin and trap Claudia and Madeleine in a well, open to the sky above. At dawn, Madeleine and Claudia are burned to death by the sun before Louis, freed by Armand, can get to them. Enraged and grieving over his loss of Claudia, Louis sets the coven on fire, killing most of the vampires. He escapes with Armand who, again, offers him a place by his side. Louis refuses. Decades pass and Louis wanders the world dejected and alone before eventually returning to the United States and returns to New Orleans. One evening he finds himself visiting his old plantation and mansion, neglected and in ruin. There he discovers Lestat living alone, a shadow of his former self who cringes at car headlights and hasn't adapted to the new world. Louis pities Lestat and leaves him. This concludes the interview with Molloy but, to Louis' disdain, Daniel only sees the potential power in being a vampire and requests that Louis turn him. Louis retorts that his life is nothing but suffering and, angered, leaves the apartment in a flurry. Daniel leaves the apartment, frightened by Louis' rage and drives off, playing a cassette from the interview. Moments later, Lestat appears like a bat out of hell and bites Molloy. Having gained some strength, he puts Molloy in the passenger seat and drives the car himself across the Golden Gate Bridge. He turns off the cassette tape, moaning over Louis' constant complaining and offers Molloy a choice; the choice he never had.
tt1438254
Drama,Fantasy,Romance
I just watched the movie, then read the following synopsis. It is very different from the movie, so I am assuming it is a synopsis of the book, which preceded the movie and which I didn't read. Charlie is about 18 in the movie (he graduates high school and is planning to start college in the fall) and Sam is 11, before the movie advances 5 years. The details of the car crash below are very different. Charlie agrees to drop Sam off at a friend's house on his way to a party, the last before his friend leaves for boot camp. Charlie is stopped with the wheels turned left, waiting for a lull in the traffic so he can turn left, when a car rear-ends him, sending him into the left lane, where an 18-wheeler then crashes into the passenger side of the car. Charlie becomes the caretaker of the cemetery - not an undertaker. When Tess is "in between," she notices that she can't see her reflection in a window (not the water.) When Charlie doesn't make it back to the cemetery by sunset, because he is looking for Tess and her boat, Sam goes into the light. After Tess's boat flips over, she is not hanging upside down. Charlie finds her lying on nearby rocks. Tess recovers from the boat accident and goes home, before Charlie is let out of the hospital. Charlie doesn't become a paramedic. Charlie goes to the woods by the cemetery to say goodbye to Sam before he and Tess sail around the world. He can no longer see Sam. It's not clear if he can hear him or not. Sam is not upset that Charlie didn't make it back that other night. He says it was time, that crossing over is better than he could have imagined. Charlie St. Cloud (age 15) and Sam (12) are two brothers with a love so strong, no force can separate them. When their mom leaves Charlie to babysit Sam, they decide to go to watch a 1991 Red Sox baseball game in Boston against the New York Yankees with their pet beagle, Oscar. They "borrow" their neighbor Mrs. Pung's Ford Country Squire. On the way there they cannot decide which CD to listen to. As they cross the General Edwards bridge on the Saugus River, on the way home, Charlie decides to take a look at the moon to see if Sam was right about the moon being larger that night. Charlie does not see an 18-wheeler truck come and they end up tumbling twice crushing Sam along the way. When they are dead, they find themselves close to the cemetery in Marblehead, the town where they live. Sam is scared and Charlie makes a promise that they will never abandon each other. However, Charlie gets resuscitated in an ambulance by a religious paramedic, Florio Ferrente and carries on living. Five years later, Charlie has grown up and is working at the Marblehead cemetery. Every evening at dusk he goes to a nearby forest where he plays with Sam. Charlie has the gift of seeing ghosts. This serves him well as an undertaker, as he can talk with ghosts. In the town lives Tess Carroll, a yachtswoman who wants to make a round the world trip. A week prior to her departure, she directs her yacht in to a storm to test it, not listening to her shipsman Tink Weatherbee, who told her not to go into the storm. The storm sucks Tess into its grasp and the ship flips, leaving Tess hanging on upside down. Tess appears at the cemetery where her dad is buried. While regarding her father's memorial, she hears a loud clanging noise, which is Charlie scaring away the geese with his methods of banging trash can covers togeher. She remembers Charlie from high school and wonders if he remembers her. They both talk and Charlie ends up asking Tess to come over for dinner that night. Both are not entirely sure of this arrangement for different reasons. Tess is concerned with the fact that she never really was a true believer in love, and Charlie is worried that this could come in between his promise to him and Sam. The next day while taking a walk with her dog, Bobo, Tess realizes that people ignore her when Bobo comes off his leash and nobody hears her saying to stop him. She then looks into the water and realizes that her reflection is not there. What is more, she can see Sam St. Cloud, the boy who died 13 years ago. While at lunch the next day after their date, an officer comes in and states that Tess's boat, the Querencia, has gone missing and parts of the ship have been found. Charlie is shocked at the thought that Tess could be dead. He had heard of "middle ground" where spirits would stay until they were ready to pass over to the next level. He had seen many come and go quickly and others who liked to stay like his brother. In the meantime everyone in the town in possession of a boat, including Charlie, explores the harbor in order to look for Tess's body. Charlie questions his sanity because the night they shared together was so real and Tess was full of life. There was no way she could possibly be gone. Everyone gives up the search, but then Charlie feels that there is one place he has to go. With Sam's help he finds Tess's body. Tess is transported to a hospital where the doctors stabilize her in a deep coma. A few months later, Charlie decides to quit his job and move on, bidding a final farewell to Sam, now 25 years old from crossing over. He is now a paramedic at Engine 2 on Franklin Street. During his last visit at the hospital Tess wakes up. Charlie remembers how they met, and Charlie tells her the story of how they met and fell in love at Marblehead Cemetery.
tt1392170
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
The Hunger Games begins on the day of the reaping in District 12. Katniss Everdeen, the story's 16-year-old narrator, sets out to meet her friend Gale so they can do some hunting and gathering before the reaping that afternoon. As Katniss makes her way from her home to the Meadow and, finally, to the woods, where people of the district are forbidden to go, we learn about Katniss' life in the impoverished part of her district, the Seam, and her family. She thinks about her sister Prim, who is 4 years younger, and her mother, both of whom have depended upon Katniss for survival ever since Katniss' father died in a mine explosion when she was 11. The reaping is a nerve-wracking time because it determines which boy and girl, ages 12 to 18, will serve as the district's tributes in the Hunger Games. Two tributes are drawn in each of the 12 districts, and those tributes are sent to an arena where they fight until only one tribute remains alive. The victor gets to return home, and the victor's district is showered with gifts - namely food. The Games, put on by the Capitol, are meant to punish the 12 districts of Panem as well as to remind them of the Dark Days and how the 13th district was obliterated for its uprising against the tyrannical and cruel Capitol. Against all odds, Prim's name is selected at the reaping. Katniss volunteers to take the place of her younger sister and becomes District 12's girl tribute for the 74th Hunger Games. Peeta Mellark, a boy Katniss' age and the son of the baker, is selected as the other tribute. She remembers Peeta and the kindness he demonstrated toward her when they were children, giving her a burnt piece of bread so that she wouldn't starve. Peeta's selection doesn't bode well for Katniss, who feels that she owes Peeta for saving her life when they were children, which is inconvenient considering she's now expected to kill him in the Hunger Games. Before she leaves, Katniss says goodbye to her mother and Prim; to Madge, the mayor's daughter who gives her the mockingjay pin, a recurring symbol in the novel; to Peeta's father the baker; and to Gale, for whom her feelings are already conflicted, wavering between friendship and love. Katniss and Peeta ride the train to the Capitol. On the train, Katniss experiences luxury like she's never known and gets to eat the richest, most decadent food. They both get to know Effie Trinket, their escort, and Haymitch Abernathy, their drunk mentor and the lone surviving Hunger Games winner from their district who, after seeing that Katniss and Peeta have some fight in them, promises he will sober up enough to help them survive the Games. After they arrive at the Training Center, Katniss and Peeta meet their stylists. Katniss is pleasantly surprised when she meets Cinna, a young man who dresses simply and wears very little makeup compared with the other stylists. In a strategy that has never been used before, Katniss and Peeta are presented as a pair during the opening ceremonies. They race through the Capitol in a chariot holding hands, their outfits blazing in fake flames, earning Katniss her nickname "girl on fire." Their entrance becomes the highlight of the opening ceremonies. After the ceremonies, the tributes begin their training. Haymitch coaches Katniss and Peeta together, per their request, and instructs them to keep their biggest strengths a secret from the other tributes. For Katniss, this means staying away from archery. After many years of hunting game in the woods, her prowess with the bow and arrow are unrivaled. The Gamemakers reward her skills, and her feistiness, with a score of 11 out of 12 during her private session with them. Peeta's biggest asset is his strength, so he stays away from weight lifting while he's around the other tributes. Haymitch tells them to remain together at all times, too. They are to appear inseparable, which, as the training goes on, becomes increasingly tiring for Katniss, who can't decide whether Peeta's kindness and compliments are genuine or simply a part of a scheme for winning the Games.
tt0091042
Comedy
High school senior Ferris Bueller (Matthew Broderick) decides to skip school on a spring day by faking an illness to his parents (Lyman Ward and Cindy Pickett), then encourages his girlfriend, Sloane (Mia Sara), and his pessimistic best friend Cameron (Alan Ruck) to spend the day in Chicago as one of their last flings before they graduate and head off to different colleges. He sets up an elaborate ruse in his bedroom with a mannequin, a trophy and his stereo in case anyone decides to check on him. Ferris persuades Cameron to let them use his father's restored 1961 Ferrari 250 GT California to pick up Sloane (as part of their cover) to travel into the city. He also has Cameron impersonate Sloane's stuffy-toned father to have Sloane excused for the day due to a faked death in the family. The rest of the school and many residents learn of Ferris' exaggerated illness and offer donations to help "Save Ferris". However, only two people are not convinced by Ferris' deception: his sister, Jeanie (Jennifer Grey), outraged at Ferris' ability to defy authority easily, and the school principal, Edward Rooney (Jeffrey Jones), believing Ferris to be truant. Ferris and his friends arrive downtown and leave the Ferrari with two garage attendants (Richard Edson and Larry Jenkins), who drive off in it a short while later to take a joyride. Ferris, Sloane, and Cameron enjoy the sights, including taking in a game at Wrigley Field, visiting the Sears Tower, the Art Institute of Chicago, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and taking part in the Von Steuben Day Parade, with Ferris lip-syncing to "Danke Schoen" and the Beatles' version of "Twist and Shout." Ferris also uses his ploys to pretend he is Abe Froeman, the Sausage King of Chicago, to dine at an upscale restaurant on Rush Street (while narrowly avoiding his own father who is dining out with some business associates). Meanwhile, Mr. Rooney has gone off-campus to try to find Ferris, first at a local hangout, then to Ferris's home, where Mr. Rooney attempts to gain entry, but ends up getting stuck in the mud and losing his shoe and wallet while being chased by the dog. Jeanie comes home to look for Ferris, instead discover Mr. Rooney, whom she mistakes for a burglar, kicking him several times in the face and retreating. She calls the police, forcing Mr. Rooney to flee the scene. When the police show up, they haul Jeanie in for prank calling, and at the police station, she talks to a drug dealer (Charlie Sheen), who tells her that she needs to stop obsessing about her brother and focus about herself. Jeanie's mother shows up to collect her, upset at having to do so, and finds Jeanie making out with the boy. At the end of the day, Ferris and his friends retrieve the Ferrari, but discover on the way home that hundreds of miles have been added to the odometer, sending Cameron into a panic fearing his abusive father's reaction. After calming Cameron down, Ferris comes up with a plan to run the car in reverse, in place, with its rear wheels jacked up, at Cameron's father's hillside garage, hoping to reverse the odometer. When they realize this is not working, Cameron unleashes his pent-up anger against his father, yelling about how his father loves the car more than his own son and damaging the front of the car, but comes to realize he is long due to stand up to his father, and vows to accept the consequences. Cameron calms down and rests himself against the car, but his previous actions have unbalanced it from the jack it was on, the car hits the ground, races in reverse, and crashes through a glass wall, landing in a ravine. Despite Ferris's offer to take the blame, Cameron still plans to admit his actions to his father and take the consequences. Ferris walks Sloane home, then quickly races through the backyards of his neighborhood. While running across a street, he's nearly hit by a car: it is his sister and mother driving home. His mother doesn't spot him but Jeanie does and she floors the gas pedal, trying to beat him home. Ferris continues his race home. When he gets there, he finds Mr. Rooney waiting for him. However, Jeanie, apparently having come to appreciate her brother's craftiness, has beaten him home despite her mother's demands and getting a ticket for speeding. She pretends to scold Ferris for trying to walk home from the hospital while he is so ill, and thanks Mr. Rooney for driving him home, making sure to show Mr. Rooney the wallet he left behind when he broke in earlier. Rooney is once again chased by the dog. Ferris races to his room and makes it into bed just as his parents check on him. After they leave, he breaks the fourth wall and imparts some wisdom to his audience: "Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it." As the credits roll, Mr. Rooney in his disheveled state is forced to catch a ride back to school on a school bus as it drives students home. In the tag at the very end of the credits, Ferris emerges from the bathroom, pleading to the audience directly, "You're still here? It's over! Go home! Go!" before he turns around and reenters the bathroom.
tt1195478
Comedy,Romance
One year after Tom Solomon met Violet Barnes, he surprises her with a ring. Tom's plan is simple: As they head out to a New Year's Eve party, he fakes a reason to drop by work. The staff patio at the ber-trendy Birch, with its view of San Francisco's Bay Bridge, is the perfect place to pop the question. Tom is nervous as hell, but the candles are lit, the champagne is chilled and his best friend, Alex is in on the secret. But they are late for the party, so Violet fights him on the pit stop. Frustrated, he blurts out his agenda, and suddenly, they are engaged! By all accounts, Tom and Violet are destined for their happily ever after. As a sous chef at Birch, Tom is at the apex of modernist cooking and ripe for a promotion. Academia is Violet's life, and she's this close to a post-doctoral assignment in social psychology at UC Berkeley. There is nothing she can't handle with ease, and she'll spearhead wedding logistics. They'll be married in no time at all. Scoring the perfect wedding venue is a headache, but much more painful is Violet's rejection by her dream school. When the University of Michigan beckons, she's conflicted. But Tom swallows his pride and tells her to go for it. He can cook in Michigan for two years; they'll just have to postpone the wedding for a bit. In Ann Arbor, Violet thrives under the tutelage of brilliant faculty advisor Winton and makes quick friends with her fellow grad students Doug, Vaneetha and Ming. Left with too much time on his hands, Tom settles into Michigan life and gets a job at Zingerman's Deli, a local institution but a far cry from the fine dining he is used to. He bonds with his co-worker Tarquin and takes up hunting at the behest of the other faculty spouse, Bill. Back in San Francisco, Alex gets the restaurant promotion that should have been Tom's and marries Violet's quirky sister, Suzie. They quickly have two kids while Tom and Violet still don't have a wedding date. Life seems to be working out so easily for everyone else. Two people who once dreamed of the perfect day just want to get it over with. But even that seems beyond them, as comical problems torpedo every save the date. Maybe its not meant to be. Maybe they're not meant to be. Now, through the humorous trials of discovering who they will become as a couple, Tom and Violet will learn if they have what it takes to survive their five-year engagement.
tt1291584
Drama,Sport
Paddy Conlon (Nick Nolte), exits a Pittsburgh church. He starts up his old Chevy and drives home, listening to an audiotape of Moby Dick. He arrives home to find his estranged teenage son Tommy (Tom Hardy) sitting on the stoop drinking a bottle of whiskey and popping pills. Visibly inebriated, Tommy offers Paddy a drink, which Paddy refuses and invites his son in for a cup of coffee instead. Inside Tommy shares little concerning his whereabouts over the last few years and instead spends his time teasing his reformed alcoholic father before passing out in his easy chair. Brendan Conlon (Joel Edgerton) lives in suburban Philadelphia with his "ideal" family, but he and his wife Tess (Jennifer Morrison) lament their economic hardships. Brendan works full time as a high school physics teacher, and Tess works two jobs just to stay afloat. Brendan visits the local credit union to discuss refinancing options with the bank manager, but learns that he is underwater in his mortgage and will lose his home within a month. Optionless Brendan tells Tess that he'll spend his nights bouncing at a strip club a couple of towns over to make extra money. Tommy makes his way through Pittsburgh and comes to an old gym that he frequented as a kid. He signs up for a monthly membership and begins to train again, while watching professional MMA fighter Pete "Mad Dog" Grimes (Erik Apple), who easily knocks out numerous sparring partners. Grimes' manager puts out the word that any fighter willing to practice against Mad Dog will get $200 on the spot. Tommy accepts the offer, but is brushed off by Mad Dog and his manager. Tommy persists and is eventually allowed into the ring. Mad Dog dances across the mat, takes the first swing, and is instantly knocked out by Tommy with a swift rush of crushing blows. Tommy tells Mad Dog's manager that he'll be expecting that $200. Unbeknownst to Tommy, the sparring session had already been recorded and uploaded to YouTube. Brendan wraps up his teaching job in the early afternoon, calls his wife, and tells her that he'll be heading to his bouncing job and to say goodnight to his daughters. He pulls up outside a strip club where a makeshift boxing ring is set up in the parking lot. Brendan lied to Tess. He enters the ring and squeaks out a win over his opponent. Later that evening he arrives home and awakens Tess, who is shocked to see his right eye swollen and bruised. She asks why he lied, and he admits that the house will be foreclosed on and that amateur MMA fights pay more in one night than bouncing does in a month. She pleads with him to stop. Mad Dog's manager knocks on Paddy Conlon's front door and tells Paddy that Tommy Riordon gave him this address when he signed up for his gym membership and that he would like to train and manage Tommy. Paddy rejects the offer, citing that Tommy doesn't live there, but he agrees tp pass the offer along to him. The next day Paddy eats lunch at a local diner and is surprised when Tommy walks in. Tommy wants Paddy to train him, as he did when he was a teenager. Tommy explains that this isn't meant to be a bonding moment for the two of them; Paddy will act as his trainer, and not his father. Paddy accepts the proposal under multiple conditions. He tells Tommy to empty the prescription pill bottles from his pockets, to lay off alcohol, coffee, and junk food. Tommy reluctantly accepts the conditions. Brendan goes to work the following day, his shiner in full-view, and catches gawking looks of students and teachers. In class, one of his students comments that his brother saw him win his MMA fight in the strip club parking lot, and wonders if it's true. Before Brendan replies, the school principal Joe Zito (Kevin Dunn) peeks his head into the classroom and tells Brendan to meet him in his office. Principal Zito tells Brendan that he can't fight in a strip club parking lot and work full time at the school. Brendan is placed on suspension without pay for the duration of the semester. Without pay, Brendan decides that the only way to make house payments is to show up at more parking lot fights. Tess reluctantly caves to Brendan's decision. Brendan goes to meet his old fighting coach, Frank Campana (Frank Grillo), who is currently grooming an up-and-coming MMA fighter for the Sparta tournament in Atlantic City. Brendan pleads for training from Frank. Frank caves and allows Brendan to train with his team. Frank's unorthodox training methods prove to work well for Brendan, who quickly regains his strength and agility. Brendan arrives home one night and is surprised to see Paddy parked in front of his house. Paddy asks if he can see his granddaughters, but Brendan only sees a drunk and dismisses him. Paddy lets slip that he's 1,000 days sober and that Tommy is training with him. This surprises Brendan because Tommy hated Paddy even more than he did, and chose to leave Paddy with their mom while Brendan stayed behind to marry Tess. Brendan tells Paddy to leave. At the peak of his training, Frank's MMA contender suffers a crippling injury, leaving him without a fighter for Sparta. Brendan convinces Frank to put his trust in him and to allow him to fight in the tournament, which carries a $5,000,000 prize. The clip of Tommy's beating Mad Dog Grimes has swept across the Internet. In Iraq, a trio of soldiers watches it on a laptop. One of the soldiers recognizes Tommy's face and hurriedly returns to his tent, where he searches his bag for a helmet-cam videotape. He watches the videotape, in which half a dozen soldiers flee from a sinking tank after being rescued by Tommy. Tommy saved the unit. Shortly thereafter Tommy calls a woman in El Paso, TX. In her home, numerous framed portraits of a Latino man in Marines uniform adorn the walls; in one photo, Tommy, also in uniform, stands next to the Latino Marine, smiling. Tommy knows the woman and her children, and she knows him. They both speak of the deceased Marine: Tommy's best friend and the closest thing he ever had to a brother. Both Tommy and Brendan arrive at Sparta: Tommy with his father, and Brendan with Frank. For the first day, all the tournament competitors give press interviews, except for Tommy who ducks the media attention. Brendan sees Tommy from across the room, and wants to approach him, but Tommy flees with Paddy. That evening Tommy walks along the New Jersey shore and sees Brendan approaching him. Brendan attempts numerous times to apologize for his lack of contact over the last few years, saying he didn't know where to look. Tommy accuses Brendan of abandoning him and their mother so that he could have a girlfriend. Tommy refuses to acknowledge Brendan as his brother, and tells him that his brother died in Iraq. The two part ways. Sparta begins with 16 contenders in four rounds. Winners move on to the next round. To make matters worse, the undefeated Russian Powerhouse known only as Koba (Kurt Angle) is making his American debut. Tommy enters his first fight and is believed to be a fluke or a "Youtube sensation" and nothing more. His opponent is heavily favored to win. Tommy enters the ring with no music or fanfare, followed by Paddy. His opponent enters, the bell rings, and with a single strike, Tommy K.O.s his opponent. Without bothering to check with the ref, Tommy turns and exits the ring as the crowd cheers. Brendan prepares for his first fight, and he is an even greater underdog than Tommy. Beethoven's Ode to Joy echoes through the arena as he walks up to the ring. His opponent, Midnight, is heavily favored to win. For the first two rounds, Brendan is beaten to a pulp. Midnight is faster and stronger than Brendan. During time-outs, Frank reminds Brendan why he is fighting. If Brendan wants to go home, all he has to do is tap out, but if he doesn't win, there won't be a home to go home to. During the final round, Brendan manages to put Midnight in a painful hold and eventually forces him to tap out. The MMA community is shocked that a high school physics teacher has made it through the first round of the tournament. He texts Tess, who had refused to watch his first fight. She jumps for joy when she receives the "I WON!" message. Tommy prepares for his second fight. Once again he enters the arena without music or entourage. The fight begins and Tommy immediately knocks out his opponent before confidently exiting the arena. Paddy smirks. Later that evening, Paddy watches the news and is surprised to see a story about Tommy. The soldier from Iraq has made his helmet-cam video public, and the world is now aware that Tommy is an ex-Marine and a war hero. Paddy calls for Tommy to watch, but Tommy is uninterested. He leaves the hotel room and heads to the casino, where he mindlessly feeds a slot machine. Paddy catches up with him and asks why he never told him about being a war hero. Tommy loses his composure and shouts at Paddy. He tells him that his platoon in Iraq was on patrol when they were fired upon by friendly forces. His best friend, along with the rest of his unit, was killed, leaving Tommy as the sole survivor. Fed up, Tommy deserted the corps and fled. One his way he crossed paths with a sinking tank, and feeling compelled to help, he saved those inside, including the soldier with the helmet-cam. While he becomes famous as the soldier who "ripped a tank open with his bare hands", Tommy doesn't feel like a hero. All he wants is to win Sparta and send his winnings to the family of his fallen Marine "brother". His story has a single gaping hole, though: The Marine Corps has no record of a Tommy Riordon (Riordon being his mother's maiden name). Tommy berates Paddy and tells him, among other things, to go to hell. Brendan prepares for his second fight. Once again he enters the ring and barely survives each round. His stronger, faster opponent nearly bests him, but Brendan manages to put him into an inescapable and painful hold. Brendan wins, once again, by tapout. Back in Philly, his students are eager to support Brendan, or "Mr. C." They approach Principal Zito and ask if they can watch Sparta on the big screen in the school gym. Zito denies their request, telling them to find somewhere else. Secretly Zito watches the fights from home, cheering Brendan on. Tommy awakens on the morning of his third fight, after having scolded his father, to the sound of Paddy's drunken slurring of Moby Dick. Heartbroken after the night before, Paddy has consumed all the liquor in the mini-bar. He shouts at Ahab and his crew to turn around and leave the whale alone. Tommy wrestles with the old man, and lays down with him in his bed, where he hugs him until he passes out. On the night of his third fight, Tommy will battle Mad Dog Grimes again. Grimes has been bad-mouthing Tommy ever since they first met in the gym. He argues that Tommy sucker-punched him, and had he known that Tommy was an experienced fighter, he would have been more brutal. Once again Tommy enters the arena alone without a provided soundtrack, only to hear the chorus of Marines seated in the stands behind him. He briefly nods to them before facing Mad Dog, who teases and toys with Tommy. As the fight progresses, Tommy easily drops Mad Dog to the mat and pummels him into unconsciousness. The ref pulls Tommy off of Mad Dog's unconscious body, and Tommy immediately exits the arena to the cheers of the Marines. Brendan's third fight is the most lopsided so far. His opponent is the undefeated Russian Koba. Brendan and Frank enter the arena and Frank gestures to the front row: Tess has come to watch Brendan fight Koba. In Philadelphia, Brendan's students have rented a drive-in theater so they can watch the fights. Principal Zito arrives to watch, too. The fight begins, and Koba proves to be Brendan's toughest opponent thus far. He bloodies Brendan's face and nearly forces him to tap out during the first two rounds. Tess and Frank watch in horror as Brendan's dreams seemingly slip away. Brendan rallies his strength and attempts numerous times to put Koba in a hold. He finally succeeds and Koba, unable to escape, taps out. The arena is shocked. Brendan and Tess kiss, and all celebrate the defeat of the undefeated. On the day of the fourth fight, news comes of Tommy's true identity. Tommy never enlisted in the Marine Corps as Tommy Riordon, but rather as Tommy Conlon. The Marine Corps sees that Tommy Conlon deserted in Iraq and will place him under military arrest after the tournament. The greatest shock to those watching is that the final two fighters in Sparta are brothers. Brendan enters the arena first to Ode to Joy, followed shortly by Tommy, with no sight of Paddy. Before the fight begins, Brendan asks Tommy where Paddy is, but gets no reply. The fight begins, and a rage-filled Tommy pummels Brendan. The first round comes to an end with a late punch by Tommy and a bloodied Brendan. Frank reminds Brendan to maintain composure. The second round mirrors the first. Tommy unleashes punishing blows while Brendan does his best to try and trap Tommy in a hold. The second round comes to an end. The third round begins, and despite multiple severe blows, Brendan manages to put Tommy in a hold, with his left arm trapped beneath Brendan's knee. Tommy elbows Brendan in the face multiple times, and seconds before the round ends, he overextends his left arm, exerting an audible CRACK. His tendon snaps and Brendan hears it. Brendan tells Frank to stop the fight, as Tommy's left arm is basically broken. Frank ignores the pleas and tells Brendan to finish him off in the fourth round. The fourth round begins. Tommy attempts to conceal his dangling left arm as he takes poorly aimed jabs with his right. Brendan backs away and asks why Tommy wants to continue to fight. While he attempts to convince Tommy to stop numerous times, he realizes that Tommy won't quit. He spins around and latches Tommy into a painful hold. While Tommy is still held down by Brendan, and their father helplessly watches, Brendan tells him, "I love you! I love you, Tommy!" We then see Tommy tap out on Brendan's shoulder. Brendan is victorious, but he is more concerned for Tommy's welfare. He wraps his arms around his brother as he lays huddled on the mat. He shoos the cameras and people away and the two walk into the tunnel. Paddy looks on from the stands and tears dampen his cheeks. The final image we're left with is the two brothers walking down the tunnel, Tommy slouched over, Brendan's right arm around Tommy's shoulders and his left arm holding Tommy's broken arm, with Tommy's right hand on top of Brendan's hand.
tt0467406
Comedy,Drama
The film opens with Juno (Ellen Page) staring at a recliner while drinking from a gallon container of Sunny-D bug juice telling us: "It all began with a chair." After which we see a flashback of Juno and her best friend, Paulie Bleeker (Michael Cera), who's sitting naked in a recliner. He's waiting for Juno to remove her underwear and sits down on him [the extent of the sex scene to keep it PG-13]. Smart, fast-mouthed Juno then goes into a convenience store to take a pregnancy test. Judging by her conversation with Rollo the clerk (Rainn Wilson), this is her third test today (hence her drinking all the Sunny-D to produce urine). The third test shows the same result as the previous two: positive. Juno calls (on her hamburger phone) her best friend, Leah, who takes a few minutes to fully comprehend Juno's situation. We see a funny clip of Paulie getting ready to train with the track team, wearing his trademark head and wrist bands. As he exits the house, he sees Juno who tells him the news. Paulie supports Juno's decision to abort the baby; Juno goes to a women's clinic for an abortion, where she bumps into classmate and lone anti-abortion protester Su-Chin who robotically tries to dissuade Juno from having an abortion. Out of all the arguments, the one that Juno finds remotely interesting is that her baby might have fingernails by now. She encounters a snarky receptionist (playing on a presumably DS) who tries to give her boysenberry-flavored condoms. Juno eventually decides against the abortion. She meets up with Leah and the two discuss adoption and how to break the news to Juno's dad and step-mom, Mac and Bren (J.K. Simmons and Allison Janney). Juno breaks the news to her folks who while disappointed are "supportive". Juno tells them she wants to give the baby to a couple she and Leah found in Penny-Saver. She also lets them know who the father is (Mac: "Next time I see the Bleeker kid, I'm going to punch him in the wiener"). Mac goes with Juno to visit the prospective parents: Vanessa and Mark Loring (Jennifer Garner and Jason Bateman). Vanessa can't have children and is very excited by Juno's offer. The couple's lawyer seems prepared to negotiate an open adoption wherein Juno is updated on the child's development after birth. However, Juno has no interest and would rather have a closed adoption. The couple seems taken aback by how nonchalant Juno comes off, despite her less-than-polite attitude. While using their upstairs bathroom, Juno bumps into Mark who is looking for something. Inspired by Mark's Les Paul guitar, the two discover compatible tastes in music and movies. Mark used to be in a rock band, though now he makes his living writing ad jingles. The two jam for a bit on the guitars before Vanessa frustratingly interrupts so they can get back to business. The meeting concludes with Mark and Vanessa agreeing to pay for Juno's medical expenses. Juno visits Paulie, and Paulie says that the two should get their band back together after Juno delivers. He also tries to suggest that the two should get back together as a couple which Juno tries to play off, to Paulie's disappointment. She suggests he try to get together with Katrina De Voort, but Paulie doesn't like the idea claiming Katrina and her house always smell like soup. Throughout, Paulie supports Juno's decisions and quietly tries to help her any way he can while Juno doesn't pay much attention to Paulie's support. Relying more on her parents as well as the Lorings. Juno goes with her mother and Leah for an ultrasound at which the technician makes judgmental, condescending remarks about Juno's situation, whereupon Bren tells her where to put her comments, to Juno and Leah's amusement. Juno makes a few visits to the Lorings, mostly unexpected, where Mark is usually the only one home. The two begin hanging out, watching bad horror flicks and listening to music. We can see a chemistry forming between them. Eventually Vanessa comes home and Juno shows them pictures from the ultrasound. In a later scene, we see the Lorings in the baby's future room: While Vanessa tries to figure out what to put on the wall, we sense that Mark isn't enthusiastic about being a father. When Juno comes home, Bren warns her about going to see the Lorings so much, especially while Vanessa isn't there, since it isn't appropriate. Juno shrugs off the advice. Juno later spies Vanessa at the mall, where she sees how great she is with her friends' children. The two notice each other and Juno lets Vanessa feel the fetus. At school, where she has to deal with being The Pregnant 16 YO, Juno is given nasty looks. She and Leah eat lunch by the school's trophy case while Leah goes on about a few topics: One is her crush on a teacher, an older-guy thing she has; the other is Paulie asking Katrina to prom. While Juno denies she has any feelings for Paulie, later that day she confronts him and they quarrel. Paulie holds most of the moral high ground, claiming that Juno is acting immature, and how heartbroken he was when Juno claimed they were never a couple to Juno's disbelief. Juno makes another visit to the Lorings, where she and Mark listen to "All The Young Dudes" which Mark says he danced to at his prom. The two slow dance to it in the basement where Mark tells Juno he's leaving Vanessa. Juno is shocked and tries to convince him not to. While Mark believed Juno would be happy about the news, he learns that above all, Juno wants the baby to be raised in a loving family. Juno is about to leave when Vanessa comes home, sees that Juno is crying, and stops her wanting to know what is going on. Mark admits that he isn't ready to be a father. Vanessa tells him that he needs to grow up and accept that he isn't going to be a rock star. The two quarrel as Juno sees herself out. She goes home and talks to her father about her need to know that people can be happy with each other. Mac tells her that she'll know she's in love when she finds the person that loves her for her, no matter what situation she's in; she arrives at the realization that that person is Paulie. As the Lorings discuss their pending divorce, Juno rings their doorbell and leaves them a note. She then buys a ton of orange tic-tacs (Paulie's vice) with Leah and leaves them in Paulie's mailbox, to his amusement. After school, Juno goes to Paulie's track practice and tells him she's in love with him. (He's the one that accepts her for her, always looking at her face -- not her belly -- when they talk). Juno calls him the coolest person she knows, and says that he doesn't even have to try (Paulie: "I try really hard, actually"). They kiss while Leah teases from afar that it might induce labor which she responds with "the finger". At home, Juno's water breaks and the family rushes to the hospital. Juno desperately wants a shot for the pain, referring to it as a Spinal Tap, after which she gives birth to a healthy baby. While she didn't want to disturb Paulie at his track meet, after winning his event and realizing Juno wasn't there Paulie figures it out and rushes to the hospital. Where they decide not to see the child after the birth. Paulie lies next to Juno and holds her while Vanessa goes to the nursery to hold her new baby. Vanessa asks Bren how she looks which Bren sweetly replies: "Like a new mom: scared shitless." Afterwards we see Juno's wrapup, in which she reiterates that it all began with a chair, and ended with a chair (Vanessa's rocking chair). We see the baby's room, where Vanessa has put Juno's note on the wall: "Yanessa: If you're still in I'm still in. -Juno". Bren finally adopts a puppy having refrained up to now, because while she loves dogs Juno is allergic. Juno rides her bike over to Paulie's, where she talks about falling in love, then having babies, and how it didn't end up in that order for her. The two play "Anyone Else But You" on the guitar after which they kiss.
tt1403865
Drama,Western
Mattie Ross (Hailee Steinfeld), a 14-year-old from Yell County, Arkansas, is determined to avenge the murder of her father. Frank Ross was killed by his hired hand, Tom Chaney (Josh Brolin), after trying to dissuade a drunken Chaney from shooting a fellow card player who had allegedly cheated him. Chaney stole Ross's horse and fled the town. Enraged that no one bothered to pursue or convict Chaney, Mattie decides to take the investigation into her own hands. Leaving her mother and two younger siblings at home, Mattie travels to Fort Smith where her father was killed. She identifies his body for the undertaker. Despite her age, Mattie is extremely quick-witted and confident, and is a fearless bargainer. She sells her father's now useless string of ponies back to the reluctant seller (Dakin Matthews), and acquires three hundred and twenty dollars from the sale. Renting a room at a Fort Smith boarding house, where her father had been staying before his death, Mattie resolves to hire a U.S. marshal to pursue and catch Tom Chaney. After consulting the local sheriff, she settles on the marshal described as the meanest: Rueben "Rooster" Cogburn (Jeff Bridges). After trailing Cogburn to a saloon, she attempts to hire him but is rebuffed. Mattie makes a second attempt after a court hearing at which Cogburn was questioned, but Cogburn turns her down again, doubting that she actually possesses the fifty dollars she offered him as a reward for Chaney's capture. A Texas Ranger, LaBouef (Matt Damon), takes a room at the boarding house and consults Mattie about her endeavor. LaBouef had been tracking Chaney for several months after Chaney had killed a Texas senator in an argument. He offers to combine his knowledge with Cogburn's to track Chaney down. Mattie rejects his offer. The following day, Mattie buys back one of her father's ponies to use on her journey, naming him Little Blackie. She speaks with Cogburn who has decided to accept her offer. However, he initially refuses to let Mattie accompany him as she had planned. After Mattie threatens to report him to the sheriff if Cogburn leaves with her fifty dollars, he seemingly gives in and instructs her to be ready for the journey the next morning. Mattie takes her father's clothing and gun and rides her horse to Cogburn's lodgings in the morning, only to find he has left without her (with LaBouef), and left her a train ticket back to Yell County. Angrily, Mattie follows his trail to a nearby river, spying the two men on the opposite bank. After the ferryman refuses to take her across, Mattie rides Little Blackie into the water and the two swim to the other side. Cogburn seems impressed by Mattie's gumption, but LaBouef is clearly irritated by her domineering attitude. After an argument with Cogburn (whom he also dislikes), LaBouef abandons the mission, taunting Cogburn for being "hoo-rahed by a little girl." Mattie and Cogburn continue the journey, forming something of a kinship as they travel. Cogburn picks up the information that Tom Chaney is not too far ahead of them, and that he may have joined up with another outlaw, Lucky Ned Pepper, and his gang. Seeking shelter from the cold, the two discover a cabin at nightfall. Cogburn recognizes the pair of inhabitants as outlaws tied in with the Ned Pepper gang, one of them badly shot in the leg. Suspecting Ned and his gang will arrive at the cabin soon, Cogburn offers to take the injured man to a doctor and to give them some escape time if they provide information. The injured man (Domhnall Gleeson), desperate for medical attention, begins to talk, but is stabbed by the other man (Paul Rae), who is then shot dead by Cogburn. As he dies, the man with the injured leg admits that Lucky Ned is expected at the cabin that very night. Cogburn and Mattie hide in the bushes near the cabin, waiting for the gang to arrive. They first see LaBouef approach the cabin, continuing the search alone. However, the Ned Pepper gang arrives moments later and lassos LaBouef, dragging him behind a horse. From cover, Cogburn shoots two of the gang members (inadvertently winging LeBouef in the arm) and the others flee. He and Mattie take the injured LaBouef into the cabin. Cogburn drinks heavily throughout the night and is incredibly drunk the next morning. He and LaBouef argue over each other's shooting skills, but Mattie attempts to keep the two men on task. After setting up camp in the woods that night, Cogburn becomes increasingly frustrated with their mission, claiming he has been "dragged into a wild goose chase by a harpy in trousers and a nincompoop." He bows out of the agreement, and LaBouef leaves again, though he has gained a new-found respect for Mattie. Both men agree that Chaney's trail is cold, and that continuing the search would be useless. A dejected Mattie falls asleep. The next morning, Mattie goes to a nearby stream for water and notices a stranger there watering his horses. Shocked, she realizes it is none other than Tom Chaney himself. Chaney recognizes her and does not initially act hostile until Mattie pulls a revolver and attempts to take him into custody. An angered Chaney approaches with his rifle and Mattie fires, but only grazes his arm. Chaney drags her to the opposite bank, where the rest of the Ned Pepper gang has set up camp. Cogburn, having slept in the woods through the night, hears the commotion but is too late to retrieve Mattie. Lucky Ned Pepper (Barry Pepper), familiar with Cogburn, shouts across the stream to him and bargains Mattie's life for ample escape time. Cogburn agrees to not pursue the gang if Mattie is not harmed, and appears to ride away over the hills. Pepper is impressed by Mattie's strength of will, and assures her that she will not be hurt. While Ned and the three other gang members leave to address finances, Chaney is ordered to stay with Mattie and to leave her somewhere safe. Chaney tries to get out of the assignment, but to no avail. Mattie, despite Lucky Ned's assurance otherwise, fears that Chaney will kill her once they are alone. After the gang departs, Mattie offers to give Chaney an affidavit if he sets her free. Chaney refuses, saying that all he needs is Mattie's silence. He attacks her and holds a knife to her throat, but is knocked unconscious by LaBouef, who had remained in the area and heard the gunshots. He explains that he rode back to the woods, met with Cogburn, and outlined a plan for Mattie's rescue. He says that Cogburn himself has arranged a showdown with Lucky Ned. As Mattie and LeBouef watch from a hilltop, Cogburn comes face to face with Ned and the three other gang members. Having pursued Ned on and off for some time, Cogburn gives Ned the choice of being taken back to Fort Smith to be hanged, or to be killed on the spot. Ned taunts Cogburn, calling him a "one-eyed fat man," and Cogburn charges his horse. Holding the reins in his teeth, he fires revolvers with both hands, killing the three other men and mortally wounding Lucky Ned before his horse takes a fall and traps him underneath. With his last moments of strength, Ned prepares to kill Cogburn. From the hilltop, LaBouef proves his shooting ability by making a 400 yard shot, shooting Lucky Ned off his horse before he can harm the marshal. Moments later, LaBouef is knocked unconscious by a now-awakened Tom Chaney, who attempts to grab LaBouef's rifle. Mattie intercepts and gets the gun herself, proudly shooting Tom Chaney at last. Though her goal is completed, the blast from the gun sends Mattie stumbling backwards into a deep pit. She calls for help, but LaBouef is still out cold. Cogburn appears and begins to scale the side of the pit with a rope to rescue her, but Mattie's left hand has already been bitten by a rattlesnake. Cogburn retrieves her and temporarily treats her wound, but knows he must get her medical attention quickly or she will die. A revived LaBouef hoists them out of the pit, and Cogburn and Mattie ride away on Little Blackie. After miles of running, Little Blackie begins to suffer from exhaustion and eventually collapses. Knowing they cannot stop their journey, Cogburn shoots the horse and continues on, carrying Mattie himself. They soon reach a general store and Mattie is taken inside. Twenty five years later, 40-year-old Mattie (Elizabeth Marvel) looks back on her adventures. Her arm had been severely damaged by the snake bite, and was amputated . She explained that Cogburn had departed by the time she came back into consciousness. After arriving home, Mattie had written to Cogburn, inviting him to visit her and collect his fifty dollar reward, but he never responded or appeared. The adult Mattie learns that the elderly Cogburn is a performer in a traveling wild west show, and finally exchanges letters with him, arranging to meet once again to swap stories. Arriving at the fairgrounds, Mattie is told that Cogburn had died three days earlier. Mattie has Cogburn's body moved to her family plot. She reflects on her life; she never married, and kept her no-nonsense attitude over the years. She never heard again from LaBouef, but holds him in her memory. Mattie laments that "time just gets away from us."
tt1399103
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
During the final days of the war that devastated the planet Cybertron, a spacecraft known as The Ark attempted to escape. Piloted by the great Autobot leader named Sentinel Prime (Leonard Nimoy), the ship was said to contain special items that could help the Autobots win the war over the Decepticons. However, the ship was hit by enemy missiles, and the ship and its crew were lost into the far reaches of space. In 1961, the crash of the Ark on the moon is detected by NASA. Fearing that the Russians may beat them to finding out what this unidentified object is, President John F Kennedy pushes for NASA to land men on the moon to investigate. 8 years later, in 1969, Apollo 11 lands on the moon, and astronauts Neil Armstrong (Don Jeanes) and Buzz Aldrin (Cory Tucker) secretly explore the craft. They return with samples and pictures, and future moon missions bring back more information, before the manned moon missions are cancelled. In the present day, The Autobots are still working with the NEST Team to track down Decepticons loose on the planet, as well as anything unusual. While the Autobots Bumblebee, Sideswipe, Enzo, and Que attempt to take out an illegal Middle-Eastern nuclear plant, Major Lennox (Josh Duhamel) is informed by a Ukranian official, Alexi Vokshod, about something strange going on around the Chernobyl disaster site. Lennox leads a team along with Optimus Prime (Peter Cullen) and Ratchet (Robert Foxworth) into the radioactive site. Inside the plant, Prime discovers a fuel cell from the Ark, and something even more shocking: the Decepticon Shockwave (Frank Welker) and a giant drilling robot at his command. After a short fight, Shockwave and the driller retreat. During the battle, a Decepticon assassin, Laserbeak (Keith Szarabajka), ambushes Vokshod kills him. Eventually, Prime and the other Autobots return to NEST's headquarters. Once there, Optimus demands answers from Secretary of Defense Charlotte Mearing (Frances McDormand). Prime shows the recovered fuel cell, and Mearing admits the true intentions of the American rush to reach the moon in the 1960's. Wishing to investigate further, Optimus and Ratchet take a ship (that had been used by other Autobots who now make Earth their home as well) to the moon, and inspect the Ark. In a secret chamber, they find the weakened body of Sentinel Prime, as well as 5 metal 'pillars'. Megatron (Hugo Weaving) is hiding in Africa, still sporting battle damage from his last fight with Optimus Prime. Starscream (Charlie Adler), Laserbeak, and Soundwave report to him, telling him that Optimus has recovered Sentinel Prime and the pillars. Megatron tells Soundwave that their human collaborators have served them well, now it is time to clean up loose ends. Meanwhile, Sam Witwicky (Shia LaBeouf) has graduated from college. Even though he has been instrumental in helping the Autobots (which is classified information) and received a Medal of Honor from President Barack Obama, he is still unable to find a job. Sam currently resides in Washington D.C. with his new girlfriend Carly Spencer (Rosie Huntington-Whiteley), and two smaller Autobots named Wheelie (Tom Kenny) and Brains (Reno Wilson). Eventually, Sam lands a job with Accuretta Systems, a technology firm run by an eccentric man named Bruce Bezos (John Malkovich). Though Sam came highly recommended (by an unnamed person), Bezos explains that the only position they are hiring for is the company's mail room. Sam is about to turn down the position, but Bezos convinces him it is a necessary first step toward the job he really wants. Sam then goes to visit Carly at her place of work, where he runs into her accountant (and car-collecting) boss, Dylan Gould (Patrick Dempsey). Sam is easily jealous and ticked off by how close Dylan seems to be to Carly. As if to add insult to injury, Dylan gives Sam an aside that he was the one who recommended Sam to Accuretta (at the insistence of Carly to help him out), as he is one of its senior board members. Soon afterwards, Dylan invites Carly to a social function at his place, and even gives her a brand-new Mercedes SLS AMG (further ticking off Sam). No sooner does Sam start his job, then he is accosted by an excited co-worker named Jerry Wang (Ken Jeong). Jerry corners Sam and gives him a number of papers and news clippings, talking about the 'Dark Side of the Moon' and that the Autobots are in danger. Sam peruses through the clips, but before he can get more information, Jerry plunges to his death out his office window. A few moments later, Laserbeak transforms from a nearby copier, and attempts to kill Sam. Sam manages to escape, and drives to the 'Department of Health and Human Services' where NEST is secretly stationed. The Autobots and Lennox allow Sam and Carly clearance into the facility, but Mearing is not at all happy. Sam attempts to tell Mearing about Jerry's death and the notes he passed to Sam, but Mearing refuses to listen to him. Also at the base, Prime and Ratchet have returned with the body of Sentinel Prime. Using the Matrix of Leadership, Optimus manages to revive Sentinel. At first disoriented, Sentinel soon demands to know about the pillars. When the group tells him they found five, Sentinel claims there were more. He is further upset when Mearing tells him that the five they recovered are locked away from him for security reasons. When Sentinel explains they could be used to open a bridge through space and time, Mearing grows even more uncertain about returning them. Bumblebee is allowed to escort Sam home for protection, but Sam feels that there's something going on that they should investigate. Having copies of Jerry's notes, Sam puts in a call to Seymour Simmons (John Turturro), who has since written a book about his exploits, and hired a retired NSA agent, Dutch (Alan Tudyk), as an assistant. Though claiming he has sworn off getting involved in the affairs of the Transformers, Sam's request and the promise of unknown Transformers information sends Simmons right to Sam's doorstep. Optimus gives Sentinel a tour of Earth. As they watch a sunset in Washington, DC, Sentinel marvels at the planet's beauty, reminding him of Cybertron before the war. Optimus offers to relinquish the Matrix to Sentinel, but is politely rebuffed. On this new, unfamiliar planet, Optimus is now Sentinel's teacher. Perusing over Jerry's notes, it soon becomes apparent that a number of people who had some involvement with the cover-up of the Ark on the moon are either missing or have died mysteriously. Carly soon finds out about Sam's investigations, and expresses her disdain for Sam possibly getting into harm's way. She has already lost her Brother to the war involving the Transformers, and this explains her distaste for what he is doing. Sam claims he is doing this because it is important, but Carly leaves for her meeting with Dylan at his mansion. Shortly thereafter, the investigation reveals that there were several planned moon missions to be made by Russia, but they were mysteriously cancelled. Sam, Simmons, and Dutch track two of the defected Cosmonauts to a seedy bar. After some discussion, they explain that before the Americans landed on the moon, satellites that took photos of the moon revealed strange tracks and stacked objects. The classified photos reveal stacks of pillars like the five recovered with Sentinel Prime. Sam soon realizes that Wang's conspiracy theory is true. The Decepticons needed Sentinel Prime to activate the pillars. They stole what they could, but left five (including the Master Pillar that controls them) with the weakened body of Sentinel, planting clues to lead the Autobots to him and revive him, most likely planning to bring an invasion force to Earth! Sam and the other Autobots manage to find Sentinel and help escort him back to NEST for safety. However, the group is menaced by three black SUV's that turn out to be three beast-like Decepticons known as The Dreads. The group manages to destroy them, and return to the base. It is then that Sentinel shockingly reveals that long ago, he had made a deal with Megatron to end the war and rebuild Cybertron. He then shocks the others by killing Ironhide, as well as destroying NEST's base and making off with the five pillars. Optimus returns soon afterwards, with Mearing blaming him for what has happened. Sentinel joins Megatron and Starscream at the Lincoln Memorial. While Sentinel aligns the pillars in the reflecting pool, Megatron explains to Starscream that Sentinel was actually defecting when he left Cybertron. Megatron had planned to rendezvous with him after recovering the Allspark, but "fate waylaid them both." Optimus arrives in an attempt to stop Sentinel, but is easily overpowered and forced to retreat. As Megatron claims the Lincoln Memorial as his throne, Sentinel activates the spacebridge. One on the moon activates as well, and numerous Decepticons and aerial combat craft emerge, running about and even disguising themselves like nearby vehicles. Fearing for Carly's life, Sam returns to their place, only to find her gone. Remembering that she was going to Dylan's mansion, Sam shows up there, but is shocked when Dylan reveals that his Dad was a previous accountant that fixed the books at NASA, preventing further moon landings. Realizing that he's somehow connected to the Decepticons and their plans, Sam attempts to drive Carly away, only for her Mercedes to transform into Soundwave, who locks her inside him! Sam is menaced by Laserbeak and Dylan, who has a Decepticon in the form of a watch attach itself into Sam's wrist. Sam is given an ultimatum: find out for Dylan and the Decepticons how Optimus intends to fight back, or Carly will die. Sam is soon after contacted by Mearing, who apologizes for doubting him previously. After they meet, the United Nations receives a voice-encoded message from Sentinel Prime, demanding that the humans exile the Autobots from Earth. The demands are met, and Optimus and the remaining Autobots are taken to Florida to be flown away. While there, Sam meets former Chief Epps (Tyrese Gibson), who has been working with the Autobots known as The Wreckers to prep the shuttle for their departure. As the Autobots prepare to leave on the shuttle Xantium, Sam attempts to secretly warn Optimus, claiming that he knows Optimus has a plan, and that 'no human will ever know' if he tells him (Sam). Optimus claims they have no plans to fight back, and Bumblebee says his goodbyes to Sam as well. The next day, the Xantium takes off as Sam looks on from nearby. However, Starscream has been lying in wait in the upper atmosphere, and shoots down the rocket. The destruction of the Autobots causes the Decepticon watch on Sam's arm to slither away. Sam soon receives a call from Dylan, who is pleased that the Autobots are now out of the way. After Dylan hangs up, Sam gets ahold of Simmons and Dutch, they pinpoint that Dylan has taken Carly to Trump Tower in Chicago, IL. Sentinel Prime, Megatron, and Starscream also arrive in Chicago, and take control of the top of a building, where Sentinel plants the pillars with Dylan's help. Dylan reveals to Carly that the Decepticons intend to rebuild Cybertron, strip-mining the earth for resources and using humans as slave labor. In order to do this, the Decepticons have placed Pillars around the world to call Cybertron itself through the space bridge, with Sentinel planning to activate the control Pillar at a specific time. Carly witnesses a crack in the fragile alliance, as Sentinel angrily reminds Megatron that he is an ally, not a minion. Shortly thereafter, the Decepticons and an army of ships and weaponry descend upon Chicago, destroying much of the city, and creating a heavily fortified perimeter keeping any armed forces from getting inside. Sam still intends to rescue Carly, and Epps along with several disbanded NEST team members accompany them to the outskirts of Chicago. They are almost vaporized by an attack drone, until the Autobots appear and take it down. The group reveals that they secretly hid in one of the booster rockets that detached from the Xantium and fell into the ocean before Starscream blew up the main craft. They laid low to make the Decepticons think they had left. Bumblebee pilots the downed drone, while the Autobots drive into the city. Sam manages to rescue Carly from Dylan's penthouse, killing Laserbeak in the process, but the group is then faced with the task of taking stopping Sentinel Prime. It doesn't help that Dylan has also alerted the Deceptions of the Autobots survival. Megatron orders all available troops to protect Sentinel while he aligns the final pillars. Optimus and the other Autobots attempt to create a diversion, while Sam, Carly, Epps, and the NEST agents attempt to use a rocket launcher to take out one of Sentinel's pillars. Que also provides Sam and the NEST agents with some special devices he's been working on. They take aim in a heavily-damaged office building, but are unable to finish their plan as Decepticon drones and their pilots attempt to bring down the building, along with Shockwaves' 'pet' drilling robot. The group is saved when Prime (outfitted with accoutrements from his trailer) flies in and destroys the giant drill-bot. Meanwhile, using a drone, Lennox is able to communicate with the group, and he and several of his men fly into the danger zone with 'squirrel-suits,' allowing them to jump out of transport carriers and glide through the city. The group manages to catch up to the others as Sam ends up destroying Starscream with several of Que's gadgets. They then regroup near an area where several Decepticons (including Soundwave) have captured Bumblebee, Ratchet, Que, and Dino. Dylan is also nearby, claiming that taking hostages was not part of their deal, he wants the Autobots to suffer for disrupting what should have been a peaceful process. Soundwave agrees and decides to execute the hostages. Barricade kills Que before Soundwave takes aim at Bumblebee. However, the group is distracted when drone ships begin raining down from the sky. Wheelie and Brains have managed to get into one of the main ships, jettisoning its cargo as it crashes into the Chicago River. At this point on, Bumblebee kills Soundwave after overpowering him in a fight. The Autobots and the NEST agents are soon joined by some Navy Seals, Together, they destroy some Decepticon Protoforms and they end up killing Barricade as well. As they watch Sentinel activates the Master Pillar, activating the other spacebridges placed throughout the Earth. As everyone watches, Cybertron begins to materialize in Earth's upper atmosphere. Soon after, Optimus swoops in and destroys the ground troops. After dodging the decepticon's poor aim, Optimus Prime kills Shockwave before using his cannon to blow up one of the pillars, causing the spacebridge to disengage. Sentinel drops to the ground, and begins to battle Prime, before calling for reinforcements, all of which are destroyed by some human allies. Megatron, sitting in a throne of junk in the side alley, wearily sighs that Cybertron is safe when Carly finds him. Having witnessed the previous argument between Megatron and Sentinel, Carly convinces Megatron that he will answer to Sentinel Prime once Cybertron is restored, instead of leading the Cybertronians himself. Sam has managed to reach the downed Pillar, but is confronted by Dylan, who reactivates it, causing Cybertron to continue reforming in the atmosphere. Eventually, Sam knocks Dylan out, causing him to get electrocuted by the pillar before Bumblebee takes it out. This causes the partially-formed planet above to be sucked into a vortex, pulling the numerous Cybertronian ships and drones into it. Optimus engages Sentinel in a battle. Sentinel soon gains the upper hand and Optimus loses his arm before being knocked down by the older prime, Sentinel prepares to kill Optimus when all the sudden, Megatron saves Optimus and damages Sentinel, having listen to Carly's words and declaring that this plant is his to rule. Megatron proposes a truce between him and Optimus, but the Autobot leader will have none of it, too many have died because of him. Megatron then attempts to shoot Optimus, but the battle between them is quickly finished as Optimus rips Megatron's head and spine from his body, killing him. In the aftermath, a weakened Sentinel claims that he was only thinking about saving their race, and did not mean to betray them. Prime claims that Sentinel betrayed himself, and shoots him as the old Prime pleads for mercy, killing Sentinel. As the NEST agents and the Autobots gather, Sam embraces Carly, and with all chances of ever reviving or returning to Cybertron gone, Optimus realizes that the Autobots' only home from now on will be Earth.
tt0113189
Action,Adventure,Thriller
The story opens in 1986, in the Cold War Soviet Union. British secret agent James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) and his fellow 00 agent, Alec Trevelyan (Sean Bean), have infiltrated a secret Soviet chemical weapons production facility with the intention of destroying it. After finding their target, a large room filled with chemical canisters, James begins to plant explosive charges while Alec holds off the facility's guards. Alec is captured by the ruthless General Arkady Grigorovich Ourumov (Gottfried John), who orders Bond to surrender. Bond resets the charge timers from six minutes to three and walks out to surrender just as Ourumov seemingly executes Trevelyan with a bullet to the head. Bond takes cover behind a cart of chemical canisters and moves toward a conveyor belt that leads outside. A soldier with an itchy trigger finger is shot dead by Ourumov when he shoots at Bond. Bond is able to escape on the conveyor belt and shoots out the locks holding hundreds of other canisters which temporarily bury Ourumov's men. Outside the facility, Bond, using a motorcycle, leaps after a plane that falls off a nearby cliff. He successfully regains control of the plane and flies off as the weapons plant explodes. Nine years later Bond is driving in the mountains near Monaco with a female psychiatrist from MI6 who is assigned to evaluate his mental state. He races down a mountain road, just as another woman, Xenia Onatopp (Famke Janssen), pulls up alongside him in a red Ferrari. A somewhat dangerous driving game ensues between Bond and Xenia, which ends when Bond's psychiatrist demands that he halt the game. Bond does and seduces her. Bonds current assignment is to observe possible subversive Russian involvement from the Janus crime syndicate in the demonstration of a French hi-tech helicopter called the Eurocopter Tiger, which is unaffected by electromagnetic pulses from nuclear weapons. He is ordered to follow the same woman he raced with earlier, Xenia Onatopp, a Russian helicopter pilot. Xenia has been the mistress of a Canadian Air Force admiral. That night, while on the guy's private yacht, she kills the admiral in the middle of having sex with him, by crushing his chest between her thighs while an accomplice steals the admiral's ID. The next morning, Bond searches the yacht and finds the body. He rushes to the site of the Tiger demonstration. As he arrives, Xenia and her accomplice kill the test pilots and steal their uniforms and helmets, then climb into the Tiger. Bond is arrested and watches helplessly as Xenia flies away. In the wastes of Siberia, at Severnaya, a Russian satellite communications outpost, General Ourumov and Onatopp arrive in the Tiger helicopter, ostensibly for a surprise inspection of the a new satellite weapons system called "Goldeneye." Ourumov orders the commanding officer to hand over the activation keys and control disk for Goldeneye and promptly has Onatopp kill everyone working at the facility to leave no witnesses (while she's using her AKS-74U, she shows signs of sexual excitement). Onatopp and Ourumov then activate one of the two Goldeneye satellites, one which contains a powerful nuclear warhead capable of delivering an electromagnetic pulse (EMP) over Severnaya. Unknown, however, to Onatopp and Ourumov, one of the technicians, Natalya Simonova (Izabella Scorupco), was out of the room getting coffee when the others were murdered and is hiding in the kitchen cupboard. Natalya manages to avoid being detected when Xenia enters the kitchen searching for her. Ourumov and Onatopp escape in the Eurocopter, it being unaffected by the EMP. Three Russian MiGs dispatched to the scene are destroyed; two crash into each other when the electronic components within them are disrupted by the EMP. The last loses power and crashes directly into the base of the satellite dish of the facility, causing the antenna stalk to plunge into the ground. Natalya survives the destruction of the command center and is able to climb out of the underground portion on the antenna stalk, where she finds a dog sled to take her back to civilization. At MI:6 headquarters, in a high-tech observation room, Bond talks with Tanner, a specialist, who tells him they found the missing Eurocopter at Severnaya by satellite imagery. They also witness the total disruption of images in the region resulting from the EMP. Bond spots a survivor crawling away, Natalya, and reports to his superior, M. Following a brief and tense conversation where she senses Bond doesn't trust her judgment and she tells him he is a "sexist, misogynist dinosaur" and a "relic of the Cold War", she orders him to fly to St. Petersburg to investigate the connections between the Goldeneye weapons system, Ourumov and a mysterious Russian crime syndicate known only as Janus. She also warns him to complete his mission and not be guided by his desire for revenge on Ourumov for Trevelyan's death. Bond drops by Q's lab and is given a wristwatch with a laser, a belt loaded with a cable that can support his weight and an exploding ballpoint pen. Ourumov meets with Russia's Defense Minister, Dmitri Mishkin, and declares that he is resigning his post in light of the disaster at Severnaya, which he "blames" on separatist nationals. Mishkin is displeased and questions why Ourumov has jumped to such a conclusion given that there was not only one survivor in the disaster, but two. Besides Natalya, another survivor, Boris Grishenko (Alan Cumming), a brilliant computer programmer and hacker, had actually escaped with Ourumov and Xenia and was listed as missing, however, they had not counted on Natalya's surviving the blast. Boris summons her to a chapel via email and she goes there, promptly being captured by Boris and Onatopp. Bond arrives in St. Petersburg and meets his CIA contact, Jack Wade (Joe Don Baker). Wade agrees to take Bond to the hideout of a Russian gangster, Valentin Zukovsky (Robbie Coltrane), whom Bond had shot in the leg and given a permanent limp years before (Bond had also stolen Zukovsky's woman.) Zukovsky is the only connection Bond has to meeting the leader of Janus. Zukovsky is still quite bitter about his wounded leg, nearly shooting Bond but agrees to aid Bond when the agent offers him a bribe of money and explosives. Zukovsky also gives Bond a bit of history about Janus' leader; the man is allegedly the child of Lienz Cossack parents whose tribe had collaborated with the Nazis during World War II and were given refuge by the English government. However, they were betrayed by England and remanded back to USSR where they were all executed under orders from Stalin. At his hotel's pool and steam room, Bond meets Xenia herself, his lead to Janus. The two fight, with the combat being sexually exciting to Xenia. Bond refuses to be seduced or injured and, pointing his gun at her, orders her to take him to Janus. They arrive at a graveyard of sorts, full of statues of Soviet-era Russian leaders. Bond knocks Xenia unconscious and walks out into the graveyard to meet Janus. He hears several odd noises, putting him on edge, prompting him to draw his pistol. Much to his shock, "Janus" is Alec Trevelyan, alive and well, although the right side of his face is scarred from the explosives at the weapons facility nine years prior. Alec explains his origin to Bond; his parents escaped Stalin's execution of their people and fled to England, where Alec was born. After chiding Bond about his loyalty to the mission, England and not to his friend during the Soviet mission years before, Alec has Bond knocked out with a tranquilizer dart to the neck. Bond wakes up in the pilot's seat of the Eurocopter, which has been programmed to fire its rockets at itself. In the backseat is Natalya. Bond is able to hit the emergency eject button with his head and the two are propelled away from the blast. Bond frees them both and they are almost immediately arrested by Russian police and both are taken to a holding center. While waiting to be questioned, Bond tells Natalya that he knows who she is, recognizing that her watch is permanently stopped, a sign of the EMP that destroyed Severnaya. She tells him she knows little else besides Ourumov's theft of the Goldeneye control disk and that Boris is working with the general. Minister Mishkin walks in the room and threatens Bond with execution for espionage; Bond counters with accusations of treason by Ourumov. Natalya admonishes them both and answers Mishkin's question as to why Ourumov would steal Goldeneye. Natalya tells him that there is a second satellite with a nuclear weapon. Ourumov suddenly bursts into the room and protests that Mishkin is interfering with his own investigation. Ourumov seizes Bonds Walther PPK and kills a guard and Mishkin, intending to frame Bond. Bond is able to subdue Ourumov and a few guards and he and Simonova escape into the archives. Bond escapes after Natalya is captured by Ourumov. Bond steals a Russian tank and chases after them, running the tank through a few streets of St Petersburg, destroying nearly everything in his path. Bond finally tracks them to a train yard where Ourumov and Natalya board a large, black train that serves as Trevelyan's mobile HQ. Further down the tracks, Bond is able to derail the train with the tank and confronts Trevelyan, holding he and Onatopp at gunpoint. Trevelyan summons Ourumov into the room with Natalya whom he holds hostage. Causing a minor distraction by telling Ourumov of Trevelyan's Cossack heritage, he is able to shoot Ourumov but Trevelyan and Xenia escape. Trevelyan locks the train remotely, trapping Bond and Natalya inside, and tells Bond that he's planted explosives on the train with timers set for the same six minutes Bond gave him years before (in actuality, three minutes). Using the laser in his wristwatch, Bond cuts through the floor while Natalya, on a computer console, finds Boris Grishenko's location in Cuba. The two escape the train before it explodes. The two travel to Cuba and meet Jack Wade, who gives Bond a plane. Bond and Natalya spend a romantic night together, Natalya remarking on how cold Bond's nature is. Bond counters saying that he must kill his old friend to stop him. The two fly over the approximate location where Natalya had traced Boris, a seemingly idyllic lake. A missile fired from under the water cripples their plane and they crash in the jungle. At the crash site, Onatopp rappels down from a chopper and attacks Bond. Bond is able to shoot the chopper down, her rappelling cord pulling her into a tree and crushing her ribcage. Bond and Natalya discover that the lake really hides a giant satellite dish embedded in the earth. Alec and Boris have activated the second satellite's nuclear bomb and have programmed it to explode over London; Alec's plan is one of revenge against England's betrayal of his Cossack heritage; the EMP will destroy every computer system causing nationwide chaos. The blast will also erase all financial records, but not before Alec has had Boris break into the Bank of London and loot billions of pounds. Bond and Natalya make their way inside; Bond places explosive charges near fuel pipes and Natalya finds a computer terminal to block Boris' programming of the Goldeneye satellite.A brief gunfight ensues and the fuel pipes are punctured, causing the flammable fluid to begin pooling nearby Alec's and Boris' command terminal. Bond is captured, as is Natalya, and both are brought to Trevelyan, who quickly and easily disarms the bombs Bond planted. Boris discovers that Natalya has changed his access codes for the satellite and Trevelyan threatens to kill Bond if Natalya doesn't undo her work. Having picked up Bond's grenade pen, Boris begins playing with it, pressing the button and activating the charge. Bond knocks the grenade into the pool of leaking fuel where it explodes, causing a fire which threatens the entire facility. Alec orders Boris to regain control of the satellite. Trevelyan races off to find Bond and chases him to the satellite dish's large antenna while Natalya takes control of a helicopter and its pilot. On the antenna, Bond and Alec battle hand-to-hand. During the fight, Bond is able to block the gearing mechanism controlling positioning of the antenna, which prevents Boris from regaining control of the nuke in orbit. It subsequently burns up and the facility explodes. Boris appears to survive and declares himself invincible when a shower of liquid nitrogen freezes him instantly, killing him. Still fighting hand-to-hand, Bond and Alec find themselves at the bottom stalk of the antenna, hundreds of feet above the dish. The fight ends with Bond throwing Alec over the side, holding onto his former friend's boot. Alec asks if Bond intends to drop him "For England, James?" Bond replies "No. For me." and lets go. Alec plummets to the bottom of the dish and is still alive. Bond leaps to safety from the disintegrating antenna onto the helicopter Natalya has commandeered and flies off just as the antenna collapses, landing directly on Alec. The pilot leaves them in a nearby field where they are met by Jack Wade and a small unit of U.S. Marines.
tt0338013
Drama,Romance,Sci-Fi
Joel Barish (Jim Carrey) is an emotionally withdrawn man and Clementine Kruczynski (Kate Winslet) is his girlfriend who is a dysfunctional free spirit. They are inexplicably attracted to each other despite their different personalities. They do not realize it at the time, but they are former lovers now separated after two years together. After a nasty fight, Clementine has had her memories of their relationship erased from her mind. Upon learning this, Joel is devastated and goes to the doctor to have the same procedure done. However, while unconscious, Joel has second thoughts and decides he wants to keep his memories of Clementine. Much of the film takes place in Joel's brain as he tries to find a way to preserve his memories of Clementine, and two Lacuna techies Patrick (Elijah Wood) and Stan (Mark Ruffalo) try to erase the memories. We watch their love and courtship go in reverse: The memories are slowly erased while Joel tries his best to resist the procedure and hide inside his mind. In separate and related story arcs, the employees of Lacuna Corporation are revealed to be more than peripheral characters in scenes which further show the harm caused by the memory-altering procedure. Mary (Kirsten Dunst) has had an affair with the married Dr. Howard Mierzwiak, who heads the company (Tom Wilkinson). She agreed to have the affair erased from her memory when his wife discovered the relationship. Lonely, socially inept Patrick becomes fixated on Clementine and uses Joel's personal mementos that he gave to Lacuna as part of the procedure in order to seduce her. These romantic entanglements turn out to have a critical effect on the main story line of the relationship between Joel and Clementine. Once Mary learns of the affair she has had with Mierzwiak, she steals the company's records and sends them to all of its clients. Thus Joel and Clementine both get to listen to their initial tape recordings at Lacuna, and afterwards realize that even if everything in life isn't perfect, their relationship can still be worthwhile.
tt0800369
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
Three scientists, Jane Foster (Natalie Portman), Erik Selvig (Stellan Skarsgrd), and Darcy Lewis (Kat Dennings), are in the New Mexico desert in a four-wheel drive van studying an aurora-borealis-type phenomenon. Suddenly a large tornado/lightning storm develops and they drive towards it. The van hits a man inside the maelstrom and they stop. The man, a well-built & handsome blond, is semi-conscious. A voice-over describes a battle in 900 AD between the Jtuns, the frost giants of Jtunheim, and Asgardians; the Asgardians win, seize the power casket, and return to their realm. The speaker is Odin (Anthony Hopkins) talking to his two sons, one the energetic blond Thor, the other a more thoughtful dark-haired boy named Loki. Odin says both of them are worthy but only one can be king. Years later Asgard is having an elaborate ceremony. Thor (Chris Hemsworth) is now being formally recognized as the crown prince of Asgard. Loki (Tom Hiddleston) looks on enviously. Before Odin can make the proclamation, alarms go off; there are intruders in the secure rooms that hold the Jotens' power casket. A large Destroyer robot kills the intruders and saves the power casket. Examining the remains, Odin seems unperturbed, yet Thor is angry and wants to attack. Odin forbids him. Thor gathers Loki and his close friends, Volstagg (Ray Stevenson), Fandral (Josh Dallas), Hogun (Tadanobu Asano), and Sif (Jaimie Alexander), and they ride out to the Bifrost Bridge portal. The guardian, Heimdall (Idris Elba), allows them to pass and the six are transported to the frost giant planet, Jtunheim, a frozen, crumbling wasteland. Suddenly they are confronted by King Laufey (Colm Feore), who taunts the Asgardian heroes. More frost giants surround the six and a battle starts. Loki survives with some magic and has an unusual reaction when he is touched by a frost giant. Laufey releases a huge beast and the Asgardians run for their lives. Thor kills the beast but once again the team are surrounded and things look desperate. Odin arrives to save the day; he apologizes to Laufey for the intrusion and attempts to reinstate peace, but Laufey states that they are beyond diplomacy, that the Frost Giants are now at war with Asgard. He attempts to stab Odin, who blasts Laufey back and takes the young group home. Back at the Asgard side of the portal, Odin lets the four friends go and confronts Thor and Loki. Odin is furious that Thor has dragged Asgard back into war, and tells Thor he is not fit to be king. He strips him of his power, banishes him to Earth and sends his hammer, Mjolnir, after him a few seconds later, saying that whosoever wields the hammer, and is worthy of it, shall have the power of Thor. Earth: Thor gets a little aggressive and Darcy tazes him, knocking him out. The three scientists load him into their van and take him to the hospital. Once again he starts fighting as he wakes up and he's eventually tranquilized. Erik tries to get Jane to leave him be, saying he is some kind of nut, but she is curious, and attracted to him. They go back to the hospital but Thor has escaped. As they drive off in the van, they hit the Asgardian man again and knock him out but this time they take him with them. Jane gives him civilian clothes that belonged to her ex-boyfriend. After overhearing locals discussing a satellite crash 50 miles due west, Thor decides to go there and once again Erik tries to get Jane to leave him alone. Thor walks about the town and tries to get a horse in a pet store. Jane appears and gives him a ride; the two head west in the van. At the satellite crash site -- actually the place where Thor's hammer came to earth -- a crowd has gathered; people are partying and trying to lift the hammer from the crater. Stan Lee cameos as one of the locals trying to pull the hammer out with his pickup truck. Government agents from SHIELD take over the site and confiscate Jane's research notes and computers. After dark, Jane and Thor arrive on the scene. Now the crater is surrounded by guards and tenting. Thor attacks and Jane huddles in safety. After beating up several agents, Thor finally reaches the hammer, but is unable to lift it. He howls at his powerlessness and slumps to the ground, putting up no fight as SHIELD agents close in and take him. Asgard: Thor's four friends begin to suspect Loki had something to do with Thor's banishment. Loki realizes he is not a pure Asgardian and Odin admits Loki was taken from Jtunheim as an infant and raised as his own. Loki is confused and angry as Odin falls into a coma ("Odinsleep"). Loki becomes acting king. Earth: Agent Coulson (Clark Gregg) questions Thor, and when he leaves him alone briefly, Loki appears in the room. Loki tells Thor that Odin is dead and he cannot come back to Asgard. Thor is distraught. Erik arrives to tell the SHIELD agents Thor is Jane's ex-husband and is under the influence of steroids. Somehow he has faked a driver's license. Coulson lets Erik take Thor, who surreptitiously grabs Jane's notebook on the way out. Back in town Erik takes Thor out for a drink; the two chug boilermakers and bond. Thor brings the drunk Erik to Jane's trailer. Thor and Jane go to a rooftop to gaze at the stars, and Thor explains the nine realms and the Bifrost Bridge to Jane. Jane figures the bridge is the theoretical Einstein-Rosen Bridge wormhole. Asgard: Loki freezes Heimdall, then meets Laufey. It was Loki who let the frost giants into Asgard to try to retrieve the power casket earlier. He makes a deal with Laufey that he will let them into Asgard again to kill Odin and have their casket, and in return they will go home in peace. Loki commands the Destroyer to go to Earth and kill Thor. Earth: The Destroyer arrives in the New Mexico desert and starts blasting everything with a heat ray. Thor and the three scientists attempt to get everyone away safely. Thor confronts the Destroyer and asks Loki to leave the humans alone in return for himself. Loki can see and hear what is going on from Asgard. The Destroyer gives Thor a vicious backhand slap and sends him tumbling, apparently dead. Jane runs to the body in tears. However, Thor's selfless act of protecting his friends proves him worthy to once again wield Mjolnir, which frees itself from the crater and returns to Thor's hand. He is restored to full life and vigor and once again fitted in his red cape and armor. He easily defeats the Destroyer and tries to return to Asgard, promising Jane he will return. Asgard: the frost giants invade through the portal, walking past the frozen Heimdall. Laufey goes to Odin's bed chamber and, as he prepares to kill the Norse god, Loki kills Laufey to appear to be the hero. Although frozen, Heimdall is conscious and manages to break free. He brings Thor back to Asgard. Thor flies quickly to fight the frost giants. Loki goes to the Bifrost Portal and sets it up to destroy the ice planet Jtunheim. Thor tries to stop him and the two engage in combat. Thor immobilizes Loki with Mjolnir and starts to destroy the portal to stop the process, smashing away at the bridge itself. As everything crumbles, the two brothers fall into space but Odin is there to hold Thor, who holds Loki's staff. Loki admits defeat and allows himself to fall off the disappearing Bifrost Bridge, into the abyss of no return. All seems back to normal on Asgard, although Odin is sad about how it turned out. Thor pines for Jane but Heimdall assures him that she is looking for him. Back on Earth Jane is in a new lab with new equipment. Post-credits, Selvig has been taken to a SHIELD facility where he meets Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson). Fury shows him an object in a briefcase, which he says could be a source of unlimited power. Loki appears then, invisible to Selvig and Fury, and says "Well, I guess that's worth a look," which Selvig repeats.
tt0101272
Comedy,Fantasy
Gomez Addams (Ral Juli) laments the 25-year absence of his brother Fester (Christopher Lloyd), who disappeared after the two had a falling-out. Gomez spends each morning hitting golf balls off the roof which often hit the windows of his neighbor Judge George Womack (Paul Benedict) who gets repeatedly angered at this. Gomez's lawyer Tully Alford (Dan Hedaya) owes money to loan shark Abigail Craven (Elizabeth Wilson) and notices that her son Gordon closely resembles Fester. Tully proposes that Gordon pose as Fester to infiltrate the Addams household and find the hidden vault where they keep their vast riches. Tully and his wife Margaret (Dana Ivey) attend a sance at the Addams home led by Grandmama (Judith Malina) in which the family tries to contact Fester's spirit. Gordon arrives, posing as Fester, while Abigail poses as psychiatrist Dr. Pinder-Schloss and tells the family that Fester had been lost in the Bermuda Triangle for the past 25 years. Gomez, overjoyed to have Fester back, takes him to the family vault to view home movies from their childhood. Gordon learns the reason for the brothers' falling-out: Gomez was jealous of Fester's success with women, and wooed the conjoined twins Flora and Fauna Amore away from him out of envy. Gomez starts to suspect that "Fester" is an impostor when he is unable to recall important details about their past. Gordon attempts to return to the vault, but is unable to get past a booby trap. Gomez's wife Morticia (Anjelica Huston) reminds "Fester" of the importance of family amongst the Addamses and of their vengeance against those who cross them. Fearing that the family is getting wise to their con, Abigail (under the guise of Dr. Pinder-Schloss) convinces Gomez that his suspicions are due to displacement. Gordon grows closer to the Addams family, particularly the children Wednesday (Christina Ricci) and Pugsley (Jimmy Workman), whom he helps to prepare a swordplay sequence for a school play. The Addamses throw a large party with their extended family and friends to celebrate Fester's return, during which Abigail plans to break into the vault. Wednesday overhears Abigail and Gordon discussing their scheme, and escapes them by hiding in the family cemetery. Tully learns that Fester, as the eldest brother, is the executor of the Addams estate and therefore technically owns the entire property. With the help of Judge Womack, Tully procures a restraining order against the family banning them from the estate and ordering them to move out. Gomez attempts to fight the order in court, but Judge Womack rules against him out of spite (though he does give Gomez his golf balls back). While Abigail, Gordon, and Tully try repeatedly and unsuccessfully to get past the booby trap blocking access to the vault, the Addams family is forced to move into a motel and find jobs. Morticia tries at being a preschool teacher, Wednesday and Pugsley sell toxic lemonade, and Thing (Christopher Hart's hand) becomes a courier. Gomez, despondent, sinks into depression and lethargy. Morticia returns to the Addams home to speak to Fester and is captured by Abigail and Tully, who torture her in an attempt to learn how to access the vault. Thing observes this and informs Gomez, who gathers the family and rushes to Morticia's rescue. Abigail threatens Morticia's life if Gomez does not surrender the family fortune. Fed up with his mother's behavior and constant berating, Gordon turns against Abigail. Using a magical book which projects its contents into reality, he unleashes a hurricane in the house, which strikes his own head with lightning and launches Tully and Abigail out a window and into open graves dug for them by Wednesday and Pugsley, who proceed to bury them. (Pugsley: "Are they dead?" Wednesday: "Does it matter?") Seven months later, it is revealed to the viewers that Gordon has been Fester all along, having suffered amnesia after being lost in the Bermuda Triangle and turning up in Miami, where Abigail had taken him in. The lightning strike has restored his memory and he is enthusiastically welcomed back into the Addams household. With the family whole again, Morticia informs Gomez that she is pregnant as the rest of the family begins playing "Wake the Dead." Extracted from wikipedia
tt1650062
Mystery,Sci-Fi,Thriller
The film starts in February of 1979, at a steel plant in Lillian, Ohio. Elizabeth Lamb (Caitriona Balfe) has been killed in an accident. Though their family and friends are sad for her husband, Deputy Jackson Lamb (Kyle Chandler), their main concern is Joe Lamb (Joel Courtney), Elizabeth and Jackson's son. Joe was more attached to his Mom than his Dad, who was never really been there for his son. Later at the Lamb's house, Louis Dainard (Ron Eldard) pays a visit. Jackson blames Louis for his wife's death, and forces him out of the house and puts him in his squad car. As Joe watches his father take Louis away, his gaze shifts to a silver locket in his hand. Four months later, the local Middle School lets out for the summer. Joe's friend Charles (Riley Griffiths) has been shooting a Super 8 film for a film festival in Cleveland. Charles has rewritten the the story so that the detective now has a wife. Joe is unsure about this last-minute rewrite, but when Charles tells him that he has gotten Alice Dainard for the part (Elle Fanning), he becomes less-concerned. The two then promise to rendezvous later that night to film their scene, with plans for Alice to drive them. Arriving home, Joe meets up with his Dad who takes him out for dinner. Jackson Lamb wants his son to attend a baseball camp for the summer, but Joe explains that he wants to help Charles finish his film. Both reach a impasse, having little more to say on the matter. Later that evening, Joe goes to meet Charles and the rest of their crew: Cary (Ryan Lee), Preston (Zach Mills), and Martin (Gabriel Basso). When Alice shows up in her Dad's Buick Skylark, she's concerned that 'the Deputy's Son' knows she's driving without a license. Joe promises not to tell, and Alice reluctantly allows him along for the ride. The group arrives at the Lillian Train Station, where Charles intends to shoot a scene with Martin as the detective of his story, trying to get his wife (aka Alice) to leave because of a zombie infection. Joe is smitten with Alice, who shocks the guys when during the rehearsal, she delivers a performance that brings her to tears. The boys are snapped out of their shock by the sound of an approaching train. Charles demands they start filming again ASAP so they can put the train into their film and increase the 'production value.' As they film the scene of the train thundering past the station, Joe catches sight of a white truck turning onto the tracks. The truck hits the train, causing a massive (and explosive) derailment. The gang runs for cover, and luckily survive the ordeal. Joe hears something pounding loudly on one of the derailed train cars right before the door flies off. Surveying the wreckage, they come across some strange white cubes (Joe takes one), and find the wreckage of the truck. Inside, they find the body of one of their local science teacher, Dr Woodward (Glynn Turman). Joe removes a map from the doctor's hand. Everyone is shocked when he starts talking to them. Pulling a gun, he threatens them and tells them that they are not to tell anyone what they saw. Suddenly, the sound of men approaching the wreck catches their attention. Fearful of being caught, they recover Charles' Super 8 camera, and quickly drive off. In the car, everyone is panicked about what just happened, and Alice says her coming was a mistake. Analysis of the camera the next day reveals that it the lens is broken; however, Charles and Joe drop off the film for development. Joe insists he will help Charles finish the film, offering his Dad's video camera. However, Charles believes that Alice will most likely not want to help them after the night before. Joe goes over to Alice's house to convince her to help them finish the film. Their conversation is interrupted by the arrival of Alice's father (Ron Eldard). He demands that Joe stay away from the family's home and Alice. Seeing that her father is somewhat drunk, she agrees to help Joe and his friends. The gang then goes out to the scene of the train-crash, this time using it as background for their filming. During the filming, Joe notices that the train features Air Force insignia. Later at a restaurant, he peruses the map that Dr. Woodward had in his possession, noting a red line drawn in, snaking across the country. The group is still unsure why Woodward did what he did, but some are of the persuasion it was a failed suicide attempt. Meanwhile, Jackson Lamb has come to the train-wreck site looking for answers. However, none of the clean-up crew or their superior, General Nelec (Noah Emmerich), are willing to tell him anything, other than the cargo and clean-up is not hazardous. Jackson notes the government men picking up strange little white cubes, and making plaster casts of some tire tracks in the ground. The next day, the town devolves into a state of crisis, as Sheriff Pruitt (Brett Rice) goes missing. His wrecked vehicle is found near a gas station, with its windows smashed in and the attendant also missing. Jackson also receives reports of missing people, dogs and electrical equipment. While some report missing household items like microwaves, the oddest thing are missing electrical lines and engines straight out of vehicles. Jackson soon grows concerned when the Military begins to roll into Lillian. Still not receiving answers as to their presence in the town, he receives word from one of the townspeople about a radio frequency that seems to be picking up Military transmissions. Jackson has the other officers tune their radios into the frequency, and soon hears word of something codenamed "Operation: Walking Distance." Shortly after hearing the transmission, Jackson encounters Alice's father Louis, who tells Jackson to keep Joe away from Alice. Upset at hearing this, Jackson tracks down Joe, and takes back his movie camera as well. Jackson finds the Military moving stuff out of Dr Woodward's home. Finding General Nelec at the site, Jackson again demands answers. When he doesn't get any, he mentions 'Operation: Walking Distance.' This causes Nelec to agree to meet with Jackson later on that evening at a nearby airfield. Taking him home, Jackson demands that Joe keep away from the Dainards, but Joe claims that Alice isn't like her father, and that she's nice. The two once again reach a wordless impasse, before Jackson storms out of the house. He then goes to the airfield to meet with General Nelec, only to be placed under arrest and locked away. Joe heads over to the cemetery after this, where he sits at the headstone of his Mother's grave. While there, he hears some loud scraping and noises coming from a garage near the tombstones. Returning to his room later on, he is surprised when Alice appears. As they sit and talk, Alice asks Joe about the locket she's seen him carrying around. He claims it belonged to his Mother, and they retrieved it after her accident. Alice also finds Joe has a projector set up, and sees he has been watching home movies of his Mom from when he was younger. Alice tells Joe that she is sorry for the pain her Dad caused, and feels he really is not all bad. Joe tells that he also does not feel any ill will towards her Dad, when their attention is drawn to the strange white cube Joe picked up at the crash site. As they watch, it begins to vibrate, before shooting through a nearby wall, leaving a hole behind. Alice then heads home, only to find her father drunk and smoking in their living room. Disgusted by her father's behavior, she rushes out and gets on her bike. Louis drunkenly follows in his car, but ends up crashing it. As Alice is unsure what to do, a she turns to see a large creature that causes her to scream. Louis attempts to get free of his wrecked car, but finds Alice and the creature gone. The next day, Joe and Charles go to pick up the developed Super 8 film, but Charles is rather upset and cryptic towards Joe. When they finally get to Joe's place and watch the film, Charles explains that he is upset that Joe and Alice seem to be getting along and liking each other. The reason Charles cast Alice in the film, was because HE actually liked her. As they examine the film, their thoughts become turned when they see parts of a strange creature emerging from one of the wrecked train cars. As they wonder what it was they just saw, air raid sirens begin to go off. They emerge outside to find the town being evacuated, with everyone being asked to report to the local Military base. Word is that a dangerous fire is headed towards Lillian, and could cause terrible damage if it reaches the town's chemical plant. Joe and Charles get on a bus, and are transported to the base. There, Charles is reunited with his family, while Joe goes to look for his Dad. However, he instead finds Louis, who tells Joe that he saw Alice being taken away by a creature, but nobody believes him. Joe then rounds up Charles and their friends, with the intent to get back into town and rescue Alice. Bribing the town's camera-store owner to help them, he manages to get them into town. They first go to the Middle School. Dr Woodward had a specially padlocked storage area behind the school where he hid confiscated items from his class. Joe assumes that there may be additional information relating to his past, and the group finds numerous films, tapes, and records stored in there as well, that could help them find out more about the creature and how to possibly defeat it. Breaking into the school, they use a film projector in one of the classrooms. Through the materials, they learn that the creature is subterranean, and mainly wants to just go home. However, General Nelec was more intent on keeping the creature for Army purposes. They also found its ship contained technology that when disassembled, 'shattered' into the little white cubes that the group saw at the crash site. Due to Woodward's interactions with the creature, he was able to gain a telepathic link to it, and notes in his findings that due to the hostilities directed towards it, it has grown hostile in nature to humans as well. The boys soon hear noises in the school, and are soon found by Nelec and his men. The group confiscates the items, as well as Joe's Mom's locket. The boys are put on a Military bus and are headed back to the base when the creature attacks the bus. The boys manage to escape while the creature attacks the other Military Officers and kills General Nelec. In the aftermath, Joe is able to obtain his Mom's locket. Meanwhile, Jackson has managed to escape his captors, and after creating a diversion, gets to the other base where the townspeople are being kept. He finds one of Joe's friends there, and after hearing of Joe's plans to rescue Alice, finds her father and takes him along. On their journey to the town, Louis explains that he came to the Lamb's house after the funeral to apologize. Jackson also admits that he knows that Louis is sorry, and quietly forgives him. The boys meanwhile, have made it back into town, but suddenly find themselves in the middle of a war zone, as tanks and other Military weaponry are going haywire, firing random shots and destroying property. As the boys attempt to escape, Martin is injured. Charles stays behind to tend to his wounds, as Joe and Cary rush off to the cemetery. Joe tells Cary about the strange things he saw and heard from the garage. Breaking down a door, they find a large hole, dug down several stories deep. Climbing down, they see it leads up to several other places. Eventually, they come across the creature's lair under the town's water tower, which houses all sorts of mechanical parts, including the missing items from the townspeople. As they watch, they see several people strung from the ceiling, including the missing Sheriff, as well as Alice. Before they can rescue her, they catch a glimpse of the creature, who is eating the limb of another human! Fearful that Alice might be next, Joe directs Cary to create a distraction using the fireworks in his backpack. This causes the distraction that Joe needs as the creature heads down the tunnel towards the loud sounds. Joe manages to save Alice, as well as the Sheriff and a woman with rollers in her hair. As they rush to find a way out, they encounter Cary, who thought he was heading towards an exit. Suddenly, the creature comes up behind them, snatching the Sheriff and the other woman into the darkness. Joe, Alice, and Cary run but are soon at a dead end. The creature has them cornered, but Joe stands before it, reasoning with it. The creature acts hostile at first, but even in the face of its bizarre appearance, Joe does not react hostilely like the previous treatment it has known. Suddenly, a sound is heard deep in the cave near the creature's lair, and it puts Joe down before returning. The three return to the surface and congregate near the water tower. As they do, all sorts of mechanical objects in the area become magnetized to the water tower's top area. Truck trailers nearby that also contained the recovered white cubes burst open, and the cubes begin to form around the edges of the water tower as well. During the spectacle, Jackson and Louis come across their children, and both families reconcile as the creature ascends the water tower. As they watch, the locket in Joe's pocket attempts to fly away. Joe catches it, and we see what was inside it the whole time: a picture of Joe's Mom and him as a baby. Joe finally 'lets go' of his Mom, and the locket flies up to the magnetized water tower, where the metallic objects and the white cubes morph into a spaceship. The creature climbs aboard, as the top of the water tower disappears, raining down its watery contents on the people below. Everyone watches as the ship ascends into the sky. As they do, Joe and Alice hold each other's hands. They and their families have reconciled over their past differences, but who knows what the future will bring? -Extras over the Film Credits* Over the film's credits, we see that Charles has completed his movie, titled 'The Case.' The Super 8 film consists of a detective investigating a rash of zombie appearances that seem linked to a company called 'Romero Chemicals.' The head of the company denies any wrong-doing, but the detective feels something is amiss. He attempts to send his wife away to keep her safe, but she refuses. While at the train station, they witness a train derailment (the footage captured on their camera replaced by model trains from Joe's collection). The detective soon encounters a doctor who has an antidote to the zombie disease, but only enough for one person. As he attempts to administer it to a captured zombie, the detective watches as the zombie bites into the doctor. After killing the zombified Doctor, the detective returns home, only to find his wife has become a zombie! He stabs her in the neck with the antidote. It appears that it has not worked, and he prepares to kill his wife. However, suddenly she returns to normal, and the two embrace. A final shot shows Charles in a suit and smoking a pipe, thanking the audience for watching, and considering them for the Cleveland film festival...before Alice pops into frame in her zombie make-up, 'terrorizing' the camera lens.
tt0180093
Drama
Harry Goldfarb (Jared Leto) and Tyrone Love (Marlon Wayans) are two friends who live in Brooklyn, New York. They regularly do various drugs paid for by such petty thefts as Harry pawning his mother's TV set. Sara Goldfarb (Ellen Burstyn), Harry's mother, is a widow living alone in Brighton Beach who must regularly buy back her TV set from the pawn shop owner, Abe Rabinowitz (Mark Margolis). Abe tries to get Sara to turn Harry in, but she doesn't have the heart for it, as Harry is all she has left after the death of her husband, Seymour, twenty years prior. Harry and Tyrone eventually come up with a plan to make money by reselling heroin on the street so that they can get away from their dead-end lives. Over the summer, they make a fair amount of money. They talk regularly about buying a pound of extremely pure heroin as their 'big score' that will give them comfortable lives when they invest that money in a legal business. Marion Silver (Jennifer Connelly), who is Harry's girlfriend, has a distant relationship with her parents (who are never seen on camera), but sometimes goes out with Arnold (Sean Gullette), her psychiatrist, in order to appease them. She, along with Harry and Tyrone, snort and shoot heroin and cocaine, drop speed, and talk a lot about their dreams for a better future. As Harry starts earning money, he and Marion talk about opening a clothing store where Marion can earn a living as a clothing designer. Meanwhile, Sara is a TV junkie, obsessed with an infomercial hosted by self-help guru Tappy Tibbons (Christopher McDonald), based on the acronym JUICE (Join Us In Creating Excitement). One day she receives a mysterious call from someone who claims that she has been selected to appear on a TV show. Thinking she's being invited to appear on the Tappy Tibbons infomercial, Sara is suddenly obsessed with the idea of flaunting Harry on the show before a national audience. She wants to wear a particular red dress that she wore at Harry's high school graduation; a dress that Seymour loved to see her in. However, she is now too overweight to fit into it. One of Sara's friends, with whom she sometimes sits outside her apartment, gives her a diet book; but of course the "grapefruit and coffee" diet leaves her constantly hungry. She then hears about a way to lose a lot of weight by taking certain medications from a doctor, so she decides to try it. Tyrone and Harry have made a lot of money by dealing drugs, gradually filling up a shoe box Tyrone hides in a wall in his apartment. Gazing at the money in the shoe box, he reminisces about running home and into his mother's arms before making love to his girlfriend. As summer progresses to fall, so do the debilitating effects of the drugs that Harry, Tyrone, Marion, and Sara use. The money that Harry and Tyrone had saved starts to dwindle. First, Harry buys Sara a large, new TV/entertainment set. Tyrone gets caught in the middle of a drug gang assassination, lands in jail and needs to be bailed out. While visiting Sara to tell her about the new TV set he's gotten her, Harry finds out that the diet pills that Sara is taking are methamphetamine 'uppers,' or 'speed,' and warns her of the dangers involved. However, Sara delivers a passionate monologue about how her upcoming television appearance is giving her a new lease on life. Harry leaves in a taxi, shattered emotionally by his mother's situation, but he won't do anything to prevent her addiction growing. Eventually, Tyrone, Harry and Marion all run out of both drugs and money. Without money they cannot buy more drugs. Harry pleads with Marion to ask Arnold for $2,000 so that Harry and Tyrone can make a purchase from a notorious mob figure. As Marion fears, Arnold wants her to sleep with him in return, and she reluctantly complies with Harry's acceptance. At the site of the drug deal, a scuffle breaks out among buyers trying to push ahead in the line, and the supplier opens fire before driving away, leaving several people -- Harry included -- without any drugs. Sara loses weight gradually, the zipper on her dress coming tantalizingly closer to zipping up completely. But she also develops a tolerance for the pills that lead her to continually increase her dosage without consulting her doctor, and she slips into drug-induced psychosis that causes her to experience hallucinations involving her refrigerator, which get more and more intense. Sara begins to regularly hallucinate that she is the guest of honor on Tappy Tibbons' infomercial and gets to speak with the man himself. Harry's relationship with Marion starts to crumble when the need for drugs starts to overcome their sensibilities and the love they have for each other. Marion blames Harry for the failed purchase from the mob figure. After one major fight, Harry gives her a phone number for a major dealer named Big Tim (Keith David), who he heard about from Tyrone. Harry and Tyrone couldn't buy from Tim because he was more interested in 'pussy' than money. Harry also discovers a black spot on his arm where he injects the heroin. Fall fades into winter. As a result of increasing drug gang violence and police crackdowns, Harry and Tyrone cannot find any heroin in the city, so they decide to drive to Florida to make a purchase. Marion goes through severe deprivation withdrawal and she tearfully begs Tyrone and Harry's regular contact, Angel, for help, but he rebuffs her because she is broke. In desperation, she calls Big Tim and goes to his house. Although she is hesitant for a moment, she gives him a blow job in return for a fix. Pleased with her performance, Big Tim invites her to a big orgy event at his house later in the week. The invitation for Sara to appear on TV has not arrived, and her hallucinations with the refrigerator reach a climax as she takes more and more pills, thinking they will make the refrigerator stop. But instead, she finally hallucinates that the refrigerator lurches through the kitchen straight towards her and opens a wide toothy mouth. Sara runs from her apartment in fear, wearing no winter coat even though shoveled snow lines both sides of the streets. She wanders in a stupor, gets on the subway and finds her way to a Manhattan television station, begging to know when she will be on television. The receptionist and TV executives stall for time so they can contact paramedics who take her to a mental hospital. As Harry and Tyrone are headed to Florida, the black spot on Harry's arm grows to an alarming size and he begins complaining about the pain. Tyrone drives Harry to a hospital. One look at Harry's arm and the triage doctor knows that Harry is a drug addict. He discreetly excuses himself taking all drugs with him and calls the county sheriff's department, taking the medicine and drugs which were previously lying around with him, just in case. Tyrone and Harry are arrested and sent to jail, where Tyrone is subjected to racist guards and punishing work detail. Harry uses his phone call to contact Marion. She begs him to come home right away, and he promises her he will, but she knows he is lying. As they speak on the phone, Marion is getting dressed up to attend Big Tim's party. At the mental hospital, Sara refuses treatment and refuses to eat, and her psychosis only deepens. Still delusional, she unwittingly and unknowingly signs an authorization for doctors to put her through electro-shock therapy. While clearing prisoners for work detail, a prison doctor finds Harry's arm has become almost completely black and gives off a foul odor, and the pain is too much for Harry to bear. He is sent to the prison infirmary, where the doctors quickly determine they must immediately cut off Harry's arm at the shoulder to save his life. At Big Tim's party, Marion engages in a variety of sex acts including an 'ass to ass' with another woman. Harry has a dream of running toward a smiling Marion as she waits for him on a Coney Island pier, and then awakens in a hospital ward with a beautiful, kind nurse (Lianna Pai) watching over him. Hearing him speak Marion's name, the nurse promises to contact her and arrange to have her come see him. But Harry knows she will not come; he knows he's lost her. Marion arrives home from Big Tim's party, clutching a large plastic bag to her breast; she's been paid very well and Big Tim likes her enough to be her supplier as long as she pleases him. She lies down on her couch and smiles blissfully. Tyrone and several other prisoners are ushered into a common cell after work detail and Tyrone lies down on a cot, exhausted, with only a pillow and no blanket. Two of Sara's friends visit her at the mental hospital, and are so horrified and shocked at the sight of her as a hollow shell of her former self that they sob uncontrollably in each others' arms while waiting for their bus back home. All four main characters are shown curling up in a fetal position: Harry in the hospital bed with his arm amputated, Marion on her couch after gaining a regular drug supplier in return for her favors, Tyrone on a cot in prison as he dreams of his childhood and his mother, and Sara in a bed at the mental hospital. The movie closes with Sara having another hallucination where she is a grand prize winner on the Tappy Tibbons show, wearing her red dress and looking beautiful; showing off Harry, who in her dreams, has become a successful businessman engaged to marry Marion, to a cheering audience.
tt1189340
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Moderately successful criminal defense attorney Mickey Haller (Matthew McConaughey) operates around Los Angeles County out of a Lincoln Town Car driven by a former client working off his legal fees (hence the title). Haller has spent most of his career defending garden-variety criminals, until he lands the case of his career: Louis Roulet (Ryan Phillippe), a Beverly Hills playboy and son of real estate mogul Mary Windsor (Frances Fisher), who is accused of the brutal beating of a prostitute. But the seemingly straightforward case suddenly develops into a deadly game of survival for Haller. Roulet is seemingly innocent and was at the wrong place at the wrong time. Haller and his investigator Frank Levin (William H. Macy) analyze the pictures and evidence, notably the injuries the victim sustained. It bears a similarity to a past case of Haller's that landed a previous client, Jess Martnez (Michael Pea), in jail for murdering a woman, despite always proclaiming his innocence. Haller spends time with his ex-wife, prosecutor Maggie McPherson (Marisa Tomei), who has never appreciated Haller's efforts on behalf of guilty criminals when he ought to be trying to put them behind bars. All his clients claim to be innocent, but Haller begins to wonder if he should have tried harder on behalf of Martinez instead of convincing him to plead guilty in exchange for avoiding the death penalty. In prison, Martnez becomes agitated when Haller shows him Roulet's picture. Haller begins to suspect that Roulet could be the real killer in the Martnez case, but bound by attorney-client confidentiality rules, he cannot tell the police what he has learned. Levin is mysteriously killed after leaving a voicemail message claiming that he has found Martnez's ticket out of jail. Haller is suspected of killing Levin because a collector's gun missing from his house was used to kill Levin, a gun that Haller believes was taken by Roulet after the latter broke into Haller's home. Obliged to do his best for his client, guilty or not, Haller ruthlessly cross-examines the beaten prostitute and discredits her in the jury's eyes. After a prison informant lies to the prosecution on the witness stand, the defense moves to dismiss all charges in the current case. Roulet is set free, delighting his mother, but the police then arrest Roulet immediately for the previous murder case, based upon testimony Haller coaxed out of the witness. Haller acquires a gun from his driver, Earl (Laurence Mason), as a precaution against any retribution he may face. Roulet is released due to lack of evidence and sets out immediately to kill Haller's wife and child, but Haller finds out in time to get them out of the house. He is waiting as Roulet arrives and draws his gun. Roulet mockingly tells Haller he won't be able to guard his family this way every day. But a group of bikers that Haller has previously represented brutally assaults Roulet. Upon arriving home, Haller discovers Roulet's mother inside. She shoots him with his own gun, the same one that killed Frank, confessing that she committed that murder. Haller, wounded, kills her with his new gun. After being discharged from the hospital, Haller discovers that Frank had found a parking ticket issued to Roulet near the house of the murdered victim, which constitutes strong evidence against Roulet in his pending murder trial. Martnez will be released, and Haller rides off to his next case.
tt0212985
Crime,Drama,Thriller
The story opens 10 years after the events depicted in The Silence of the Lambs (1991). Barney, one of Hannibal Lecter's minders at the Baltimore mental hospital, talks to a disfigured and paraplegic man, Mason Verger (Gary Oldman), about the conversations Barney had with Lecter and Lecter's relationship with Clarice Starling. Barney then shows Verger a boxed object he's brought with him: the leather restraining mask used to cover Lecter's face when he was being transported. Barney asks for a price of $250,000 for it and Verger eagerly accepts. FBI agent Clarice Starling (Julianne Moore) is in Washington DC, leading a raid to arrest an HIV-positive drug dealer named Evelda Drumgo (Hazelle Goodman). Though Starling has laid out precise plans to the arresting team, the raid is horrifically botched when one of the agents rushes Drumgo and her gang after Starling orders them to stand down because Drumgo is carrying an infant. A massive gunfight breaks out and most of Drumgo's gang are killed, along with a few of the agents. When Clarice orders Drumgo to surrender, Drumgo whips out a machine pistol and opens fire, hitting Clarice. Clarice responds reflexively and shoots and kills Drumgo, splattering the infant with her blood. Clarice, who had been wearing a bulletproof vest, recovers the child and washes it off with a nearby hose. Starling is disgraced by Justice Department official Paul Krendler (Ray Liotta), whose romantic advances Starling had rejected years earlier. As a result of the publicity surrounding the drug raid, Starling and her past connection to escaped serial killer Hannibal Lecter (Anthony Hopkins) come to the attention of one of Lecter's victims, Mason Verger, who is also a wealthy, sadistic pedophile. Verger, who was left horrifically disfigured and paralyzed by a past encounter with Lecter himself, still seeks revenge for what occurred. He uses his political influence to have Starling assigned to the Lecter case once again in the hope that this will draw Lecter out of hiding. Verger claims to have new information about Lecter (an X-ray), which he is willing to disclose only to Starling, and she is sent to his estate to collect it and interview him. Upon her arrival, Verger tells Starling about his history with Lecter. They met when Lecter was assigned by a court as Verger's therapist after Verger's conviction on multiple counts of child molestation. Verger, the only one of Lecter's victims to survive, was tricked into mutilating himself by Lecter after being given a nitrogen "popper". In the same incident, Verger was also persuaded by Lecter into sexual excitation by strangulation. Verger is now bedridden and confined to his secluded mansion, but with the assistance of his personal physician Cordell (Zeljko Ivanek) and other minions, he is pursuing an elaborate scheme to capture, torture and kill Lecter. In Florence, Italy, Chief Inspector Rinaldo Pazzi (Giancarlo Giannini) of the Questura is investigating the disappearance of the curator of the Capponi Library, a Renaissance palace that serves as a repository of rare books, historical documents and art treasures. In the course of his investigation, Pazzi meets the new curator: "Dr. Fell," who is actually Hannibal Lecter. As Verger surmised, Lecter soon learns of Starling's public disgrace and reassignment to his case, and he sends her a letter that is at once sympathetic and mocking. The letter contains no apparent clue to Lecter's whereabouts, but Starling detects a strange fragrance on it. She takes it to a perfume company, where the experts inform her that the writer used a very expensive skin cream that could have been sold in only a few shops in the world, one of which is in Florence. Starling contacts the police departments of the cities where the shops are located, including Pazzi's department, asking for copies of any surveillance tapes made by cameras installed in the shops. When Pazzi sees one of his men making a copy of such a tape for Starling, he recognizes "Fell" in the tape and decides to find out why the FBI is interested in him. Pazzi accesses the FBI's database of fugitive criminals and learns that "Fell" is Hannibal Lecter. He also learns that Verger is offering a reward of $3 million to anyone who assists him in capturing Lecter in lieu of turning him over to the FBI (who offer a $250,000 reward). Hoping to collect the larger bounty, Pazzi makes contact with Verger's people and agrees to help them kidnap Lecter. Starling, meanwhile, has received the surveillance tape from Florence, has recognized Lecter, and has learned that Pazzi has been using the FBI's database to check on Lecter. She calls Pazzi and warns him against trying to capture Lecter himself, but Pazzi ignores her warning. Pazzi coerces a local pickpocket into wearing a cheap bracelet and attempting to rob Lecter. The pickpocket follows Lecter through the streets of Florence. When he reaches for Lecter's wallet, Lecter grabs him by the wrist (and the bracelet, leaving behind fingerprints) and slyly stabs the man in the upper leg, severing his femoral artery. Pazzi finds the thief and takes the bracelet from him, leaving him to bleed to death on the street. Pazzi sends the bracelet with Lecter's prints to Verger who has them confirmed as Lecter's. Pazzi and Verger's men try to kidnap Lecter after his scheduled evening lecture on the poetry of Dante to a group of scholars at the Palazzo Vecchio, but their plan goes badly awry. Lecter subdues Pazzi with a drug-soaked rag and interrogates him, forcing him to answer several questions by threatening to kill and eat Pazzi's wife. Lecter murders Pazzi by first slashing open the man's abdomen and then throwing him off an upper floor balcony with a noose around his neck, his entrails falling from his abdomen to the street -- the same fate of one of Pazzi's ancient ancestors. Lecter escapes, deciding to return to the United States to renew his acquaintance with Starling. Frustrated by the failed attempt to kidnap Lecter, Verger tries to draw him out of hiding once again by getting Starling into more trouble. He bribes Krendler to accuse her of withholding a note she received from Lecter. The ploy works, and Starling is suspended from duty. Verger's men keep her under surveillance in the hope that Lecter will contact her. Lecter, meanwhile, has been watching her and also watching Krendler. Lecter then buys china and crystal for an elaborate meal and also steals surgical equipment from a hospital. He takes everything to a secluded lakefront house that he has learned belongs to Krendler. Lecter then contacts Starling, luring her to Washington's Union Station for a meeting. Verger's men follow her there. As Starling looks for Lecter among the crowd of travelers and shoppers at the station, she and Lecter converse by cell phone. He expresses his admiration for her and his sympathy for the shabby treatment she has received from the FBI, at one point suggesting that he might force the people who have disrespected her to "scream apologies." Having spotted Lecter, Verger's men capture him in the station's parking lot despite Starling's efforts to stop them. Starling makes a fruitless attempt to expose Verger's scheme to the FBI. Meanwhile, Verger's men transport Lecter to the Verger estate. Verger plans to watch Lecter being eaten alive by a herd of vicious wild boars that Verger, an expert at swine breeding from his days in the family meatpacking business, has prepared in Italy especially for the purpose. The boars have been conditioned to attack their victim when they scream. When the FBI refuses to act on her report that Verger has kidnapped Lecter, Starling goes alone to Verger's estate. She intervenes as Verger's henchmen are about to unleash the pigs on Lecter, shooting the men and freeing him, but she is shot and wounded in the shoulder. Lecter then rescues her from the animals. When a furious Verger orders his physician Cordell to shoot Lecter, Lecter persuades Cordell (who has always hated his master) to throw Verger into the pen with the hogs instead, and Verger dies in the very manner in which he had hoped to kill Lecter, Lecter having assured Cordell he will take the blame for the deed. Lecter takes Starling to Krendler's lakefront house and treats her bullet wound. She awakens in an upstairs bedroom, dressed for a formal occasion. On her way downstairs, she finds a phone and calls the police. Instead of taking their advice and leaving the house to wait for their arrival, she looks for Lecter downstairs. She finds him in the dining room where he has set the table as if for an elegant dinner party, watched by the seated Krendler, who has been heavily drugged and his head shaved. As Starling looks on, horrified, Lecter removes the top of Krendler's skull, cuts out part of his brain (the part that Lecter says is "associated with good manners"), sautes it in a pan by the table, and feeds it to the dazed Krendler. Clarice is horrified, pleading with Lecter to stop and saying she'll give him the details of the FBI's profile on him so he can escape. When Lecter wheels Krendler back to the kitchen to clear up after the "meal," Starling attacks him with a silver candlestick but is easily overpowered. Lecter traps her ponytailed hair in the fridge. He asks her, "Tell me Clarice, would you ever say to me, 'Stop ... if you loved me, you'd stop'?" To which Starling replies, "Not in a thousand years." Lecter replies with, "That's my girl," then kisses Starling. Just as he is about to leave, thinking he's won, he hears a click and sees that Starling has handcuffed his wrist to her own. When she refuses to provide the key, Lecter pins her wrist to a table and brandishes a meat cleaver. He raises it and says, "This is really going to hurt." and swings it down -- a noticeable look of pain appears on Clarice's face. Next we see Starling outside the house, looking for Lecter, who escaped just before the police cars arrived. Both her hands are intact and she identifies herself to the police. The last scene is of Lecter on an airplane, one of his arms is in a sling and his hand not visible. He is preparing to eat the boxed meal he has brought with him, and the small boy sitting next to him asks about the food. Lecter opens the container to reveal several kinds of food, among which is what appears to be part of Krendler's brain, cooked and sliced. The boy asks to try some of the food, and Lecter allows him to, after saying that his mother always told him to try new things. It is not shown if the boy chooses the brain.
tt0102057
Adventure,Comedy,Family
It is the present day, and the boy who was once known as Peter Pan, has become Peter Banning (Robin Williams), a businessman who is more concerned with his work than with his family, including his wife Moira (Caroline Goodall), and his two children, Jack (Charlie Korsmo) and Maggie (Amber Scott). Peter is hardly able to hold his attention during Maggie's recital of 'Peter Pan' (of which she is cast in the role of Wendy), and misses Jack's baseball game, leading to Jack growing irritated at how his Dad never seems to keep his promises. The family then take a flight to London (much to Peter's dismay, as he hates flying), to visit Granny Wendy (Maggie Smith), who is being honored for her charitable work. While Peter and Moira accompany Wendy to the party, Maggie and Jack are abducted. Liza (Laurel Cronin) the housekeeper saw no one, but Tootles (Arthur Malet) who is a former Lost Boy, tells Peter that it was Captain Hook (Dustin Hoffman). The police are called, but even they are unsure of the whole thing, as the ransom note could be someone pretending to be Hook, seeing the history of the house, and of Wendy. Afterwards, Wendy takes Peter aside, and explains that he must remember who he is, in order to save his children. Peter is still confused, thinking Wendy is maybe in shock over what has happened. Later that evening, sitting in the house's nursery, Peter is surprised when a star appears to fall through the nursery window. It turns out it's Tinkerbell (Julia Roberts), who has come to help Peter. However, since Peter won't go willingly, Tink kidnaps him and takes him to Neverland. Peter wakes up in Pirate Town, where he is quickly disguised. All around him, pirates are gathering at the Jolly Roger, as Mr Smee (Bob Hoskins) presents the illustrious Captain Hook with a newly-sharpened hook. Hook then revels in the pirates cheering, telling of how he killed the crocodile that had once sought to devour him, and turned it into a clock, and now, cheers at the triumph in capturing Peter Pan's children in hopes to lead him back to Neverland and to his doom. When Peter steps forward (still claiming to be 'Peter Banning'), Hook is saddened to see that his once 'great and worthy opponent' has become a middle-aged man. Still wanting to test him, Hook demands that Peter fly up the ship and touch the fingers of his children, promising they'll go home if he can do so. However, Peter reveals his fear of flying, and Smee deduces that being away from Neverland for so long, has caused Peter to forget. Hook decrees that Peter walk the plank and wanders away, angered at being denied the war against a worthy opponent. Just then, Tinkerbell appears, and promises Hook that given three days, she'll get Peter into shape. After being knocked into the water, Peter is saved from drowning by the mermaids. Peter and Tink then return to the Lost Boy's hideout, now under the leadership of a boy named Rufio (Dante Basco), who also has possession of Peter's sword from the olden days. At first no-one believes, until a little boy named Pockets (Isaiah Robinson) speaks out. Much to the displeasure of Rufio, the Lost Boys unite to help Peter get his children back. Back on the Jolly Roger, Hook is still upset over his lot in life, until Smee hits on a master plan to make life even more miserable for Peter: get his children to love Hook. Hook finds this idea ludicrous, but soon warms up to it, claiming it as 'his idea.' Back with the Lost Boys, Peter is put through his paces with various exercises, and even tries to fly but with no success. The Lost Boys prepare a 'Never-Feast,' which is a meal of make-believe food. Peter finds the whole thing ridiculous, and Rufio makes fun of him, which leads to a game of name-calling, that Peter soon ends up winning. Peter then pretends to scoop up some food and fling it at Rufio. However, this gesture soon causes Peter's imagination to take flight, and the make-believe food now becomes real! Meanwhile, Hook attempts to turn Maggie and Jack to his side, claiming that parents hate their children. Maggie refuses to believe this, and is dragged away, while she yells for Jack to not forget their Mom and Dad, and to find a way to run home. While Maggie is not easily swayed, Jack's ire towards his Dad allows Hook to turn him easily. Finding a watch on Jack that Peter had given him, Hook and Smee lead Jack to a shop full of smashed up clocks, letting Jack work out his aggressions about his Dad by smashing the clocks and Peter's watch. Sometime afterward, a ballgame is held with Hook in attendance. Peter and the Lost Boys have also snuck over to the game, with some of the boys feeling that if Peter steals Hook's 'hook,' it'll provide him with the happy thought to fly with. However, Peter sees Jack make a home run, and Hook embrace 'his' son, yelling, 'my Jack!' The vision of Hook cheering on and holding his son causes Peter to run back to the Lost Boys hideout, where he attempts in vain to try and fly. Looking around, Peter soon finds Hangman's tree, and the secret entrance inside. As he looks around, Tinkerbell appears, explaining that Hook had found the tree and burned it when he didn't come back. Peter's memory begins to come back, and he remembers his past. Peter remembers his mother, who when he was a baby, talked about grand plans for him. However, as a baby, Peter was afraid of dying, because everyone who grows up has to die someday. A gust of wind blew Peter away in his perambulator one day, and it was then that Tinkerbell found him, taking him to Neverland, where he learned how to fly. Even so, Peter missed his mother, and returned to London, only to find that he'd been 'replaced' by another baby that his parents had. Peter then wandered in and out of open windows, where he eventually lost his shadow in the Darling's nursery, leading to him finding Wendy. Peter would continue to visit Wendy after their first adventure, but as she aged, Peter grew sad, as soon she was too old to accompany him. On his last 'visit' to the nursery, Wendy showed him her granddaughter Moira, asleep in a nearby bed. Upon seeing her, Peter proclaimed he would give her a kiss...but not like the thimble Wendy had once given him, but a real kiss. It is with this revelation that Peter suddenly remembers why he left Neverland behind and grew up: he wanted to be a father. Finding his 'happy thought,' Peter is able to fly again, to the joy of the Lost Boys. Rufio returns Peter's sword, and stands by him as they prepare to go to war with Hook. Hook meanwhile, has managed to make Jack forget Peter, and now consider him (Hook) as his father. Peter appears, and is at first taken aback that Jack does not recognize him, but then goes to work, battling Hook's pirates, as the Lost Boys launch their attack. Rufio appears, and fights off Hook, as Peter goes to rescue Maggie. Returning to the Jolly Roger, Peter arrives just in time to see Hook run Rufio through with his sword. With his dying words, Rufio tells Peter that he wishes he had a Dad like him. These words seem to break the hold that Hook had on Jack, who looks to Peter, asking to be taken home. Peter then reunites with the Lost Boys and Maggie, and they begin to leave...but not before Hook vows to continue to threaten Peter's family forever. Peter then jumps back into battle against Hook. After some time, it appears as if Peter has the upper hand, but instead of killing Hook, Peter listens to his children, who beg him not to kill Hook. Peter then tells Hook to leave. Hook then pulls a dagger on Peter, pushing him against the carcass of the once killer crocodile. However, Hook misses, and ends up puncturing the crocodile, who seems to return to life, and ends up eating Hook. With Hook gone, Peter decides to return home, but leaves one of the Lost Boys named Thudbutt (Raushan Hammond) in charge, as he fought courageously in the battle. While Maggie and Jack return to the nursery, Peter ends up in Kensington Gardens, at the base of a statue bearing his likeness. Also nearby is Tinkerbell, who says her farewells to Peter. Peter then returns to Wendy's place, and greets his family, throwing his cellphone out the window when it rings regarding more business matters.
tt0970179
Drama,Family,Fantasy
In Paris in 1931, Hugo Cabret (Asa Butterfield), a 12-year-old boy, lives with his widowed father, a kind and devoted master clockmaker. Hugo's father (Jude Law) takes him to see films and loves the films of Georges Mlis best of all. (Mlis is an historical figure, a pioneer of the cinema.) Hugo's father is burned alive in a museum fire, and Hugo is taken away by his uncle Claude (), an alcoholic watchmaker who is responsible for maintaining the clocks in the Gare Montparnasse, a Paris railway station. His uncle teaches him to take care of the clocks, then disappears. Hugo lives between the walls of the station, maintaining the clocks, stealing food and working on his father's most ambitious project: repairing a broken automaton, a mechanical man who is supposed to write with a pen. Convinced that the automaton contains a message from his father, Hugo goes to desperate lengths to fix it. Hugo steals mechanical parts in the station to repair the automaton, but he is caught by a shopkeeper named Georges Mlis (Ben Kingsley), who makes, sells, and repairs toys. Mlis sets a trap with a toy mouse and catches Hugo, then takes Hugo's notebook, which holds his notes and drawings for fixing the automaton. Hugo presses for the return of his notebook, so the angry Mlis -- who's very interested in the notebook -- shouts at him, calling him a thief. Hugo runs. The Train Inspector (Sacha Baron Cohen), who is a handicapped gendarme, and his hound dog run after Hugo, pushing customers out of their way. To recover the notebook, Hugo follows Mlis to his house and meets Georges's goddaughter Isabelle (Chlo Grace Moretz), a girl close to his age. She convinces him to go home and promises to help. The next day, Mlis gives some ashes to Hugo, referring to them as the notebook's remains, but Isabelle informs him that the notebook was not burnt. Finally Mlis agrees that Hugo may earn the notebook back by working for him until he pays for all the things he stole from the shop. Hugo works in the toy shop, and in his time off manages to fix the automaton, but it is still missing one part -- a heart-shaped key. Hugo introduces Isabelle to the movies, which her godfather has never let her see. They sneak into a theater to see a silent movie without buying a ticket. She in turn introduces Hugo to a bookstore whose owner initially mistrusts Hugo. At first, Hugo is not trusting of Isabelle and tries to leave her, but Isabelle turns out to have the key to the automaton. When they use the key to activate the automaton, it produces a drawing of a film scene. Hugo remembers it is the film his father always said was the first film he ever saw: Voyage to the Moon. They discover that the drawing made by the automaton is signed with the name of Isabelle's godfather and take it to her home for an explanation. In the Mlis home, Hugo shows Georges's wife Jeanne (Helen McCrory) the drawing made by the automaton, but she will not tell them anything and makes them hide in a room when Georges comes home. While hiding, Isabelle and Hugo find a secret cabinet and accidentally release pictures and story boards of Georges' creations just as Georges and Jeanne enter the room. Georges feels depressed and betrayed. However, Hugo befriends the bookstore owner and he helps Hugo and Isabelle search a for a book on the history of film. They are surprised that the author, Rene Tabard (Michael Stuhlbarg), writes that Georges Mlis died in the Great War (World War I). When they try to understand the reason for this error, Monsieur Tabard himself appears and the children tell him that Mlis is alive. Tabard reveals himself as a devotee of Mlis's films who still owns a copy of Voyage to the Moon. Hugo, Isabelle and Tabard go to Georges's home, and at first Jeanne does not welcome them, telling them to go before her husband wakes. However, Jeanne accepts their offer to show Voyage to the Moon when it is revealed that she was one of the actresses in Georges's films. While they are watching the film, Georges appears and explains how he came to make movies, invented the special effects, and how he lost faith in films when World War I began. He went broke and was forced to sell his films for the value of the celluloid film stock, which was melted down to make things like buttons and shoe heels. To survive, he opened the toy shop. He believes the automaton he created was lost in the museum fire, and that there is nothing left of his life's work. Hugo decides to go back to the station to get the automaton, but on arrival he is cornered by the station inspector and his dog. He escapes, runs to the top of the clock tower, and hides by climbing out onto the hands of the clock. Once the inspector is gone he grabs the automaton and runs for the exit with it, but he is trapped by the inspector and the automaton is thrown to the railway tracks. Hugo tries to save it but there is a train coming. Climbing onto the tracks anyway, he is almost run over when the officer saves him and the automaton and proceeds to detain him. Hugo pleads with the officer, but then Georges arrives and claims that Hugo is in his care. Finally Georges is honored for his films, Tabard announcing that some 80 Mlis films have been recovered and restored. Georges thanks Hugo for his actions, and then invites the audience to "follow his dreams." Hugo becomes Georges's apprentice and Isabelle decides to be a writer.
tt0983193
Animation,Action,Adventure
Follows the unquenchably curious young reporter Tintin and his fiercely loyal dog Snowy as they discover a model ship carrying an explosive secret. Drawn into a centuries-old mystery, Tintin finds himself in the sightlines of Ivan Ivanovitch Sakharine, a diabolical villain who believes Tintin has stolen a priceless treasure tied to dastardly pirate named Red Rackham. But with the help of his dog Snowy, the salty, cantankerous Captain Haddock and the bumbling detectives Thompson & Thomson, Tintin will travel half the world, outwitting and outrunning his enemies in a breathless chase to find the final resting place of The Unicorn, a shipwreck that may hold the key to vast fortune - and an ancient curse. From the high seas to the sands of North African deserts, every new twist and turn sweeps Tintin and his friends to escalating levels of thrills and peril, proving that when you dare to risk everything, there's no limit to what you can do. __ Synopsis __ After having a caricature drawn of himself by a local artist, Tintin (Jamie Bell) wanders through the town square. As he does so, he sees a miniature ship in a glass case, being sold by a local merchant. The miniature ship is called The Unicorn, and the merchant tells Tintin it was procured from an old sailor's estate sale. Tintin buys the ship for a pound, but just as he takes possession of it, a large man with an American accent appears, wanting to buy the boat. He offers to pay Tintin double what he paid for it, but Tintin refuses. The man appears shaken, and rushes off, telling Tintin to 'get out while you still can.' Just as he leaves, a thin man with a pointed beard shows up, and also attempts to purchase the miniature ship. He tells Tintin that the ship was purchased from the nearby Marlinspike Hall, which he has come into acquiring, and wishes to purchase the ship to return it to its former home. Even though he tells Tintin to "name his price," the young man again refuses, and walks off. As he leaves, the thin man asks the merchant if he knows who the young man is. "Everyone knows who he is," says the merchant. "That's Tintin." Returning to his apartment, Tintin's curiosity around the miniature ship is piqued, and he attempts to find a magnifying glass to examine it. However, a siamese cat enters the apartment, causing his dog Snowy to chase it around the room. During the chase, Snowy accidentally knocks the ship onto the floor, breaking its masts. As Tintin picks it up, he doesn't see a small metal cylinder fall out of the mast hole, and roll under the nearby table. Wanting more information, the two visit a maritime museum, where Tintin learns that the ship sank at sea, carrying rum and tobacco, but it was assumed that the ship (captained by Sir Francis Haddock), may have had a secret cargo aboard. It also makes note that after the loss of his ship, the captain believed that his family bloodline was now cursed. Returning to his apartment, Tintin is shocked to find that the model ship is gone! Assuming that it may have been taken by the thin man at the town square, Tintin sneaks into Marlinspike Hall. In a glass case, he finds a ship, but is knocked unconscious. When he comes to, he finds the thin man, and a butler. Tintin requests the return of his property, but is soon surprised to find that though the miniature ship is of The Unicorn, it is a different model, unbroken like his ship. As he is escorted out, the butler tells Tintin that he should make sure to check for 'all the pieces' of the ship he had. Returning to his apartment, Tintin is further shocked to find his place ransacked! Searching near the dresser where he placed the ship, he finds the metal cylinder underneath. He soon finds that it contains a scroll, with a message, and strange markings. As he puts the strange paper in his wallet, he hears his landlady Mrs Finch downstairs, arguing with a man who wants to come inside. Tintin comes downstairs, and through the chained front door, he finds that it was the American who wanted to buy the ship earlier in the day. The man seems more nervous than before, claiming that someone is killing others for information. When Tintin asks who, bullets rip through the door, and the man falls into the foyer, bleeding. Tintin rushes out into the street, just in time to see a blue sedan speeding away. Returning to the foyer, he finds the man unmoving, but a newspaper nearby has bloody fingerprints highlighting various letters. The next day, Tintin talks with the investigators of the murder, Thompson and Thomson. They claim the man is named Barnaby Dawes, and was working for the FBI. Tintin also tells of the newspaper he found, and that the letters highlighted seem to spell out "Karaboudjan." As the two investigators take leave, they caution Tintin about a pickpocket that's been going around, and after they take leave of Tintin's apartment, they have a small run-in with the pickpocket. He also bumps into Tintin, and the young man panics when he realizes that the strange paper he had is now gone! Thompson and Thomson vow to get his wallet back. Returning to his apartment, several large men are waiting for Tintin, and shove him in a crate. Snowy follows his master aboard a large cargo ship, named the Karaboudjan. Tintin is searched for the paper, and encounters the thin man, who reveals his name to be Sakharine. Sakharine claims he is looking for the paper Tintin had, and reveals that he has another just like it. Tintin claims he doesn't have the paper, and he and Snowy are locked up, as Sakharine and his men decide what to do next. Eventually, Tintin manages to escape through an exterior porthole on the ship, to another room. There, he encounters Captain Archibald Haddock (Andy Serkis). The Captain appears to be in a drunken yet angry stupor over the mutiny of his crew to Sakharine. Tintin agrees to help the Captain escape, and is surprised to find that he is related to the Haddocks of Marlinspike hall. Tintin tells Haddock about the scroll he found, and the rumor that only a Haddock can unlock the secrets of the Unicorn. Haddock claims his father told him a story on his deathbed, but has since forgotten it. When Tintin inquires about other relatives, Haddock claims that of three brothers, he is the last of the family members. This sticks in Tintin's mind as they escape the ship. On their way off, Tintin passes by the radio room, and overhears talk of 'The Milanese Nightingale,' and get coordinates to the ship's next location: Bagghar. Making their escape in a lifeboat, Sakharine sends two of his men in a seaplane to find them. Tintin manages to shoot the plane, damaging its engine, causing them to land. The two pilots are then trussed up, and Tintin is able to repair the plane, before he, Haddock, and Snowy pilot the plane towards Bagghar. However, a storm over a desert area causes the plane to crash, and the three find themselves walking across the desert. In the last throes of his alcoholic stupor, Haddock begins to hallucinate, and the buried memory of his father's story comes to life. Haddock then begins to relate the story of his ancestor, Sir Francis Haddock, Captain of the Unicorn. The ship was overtaken by pirates, led by a red-scarfed captin known as Red Rackham. Though the Unicorn was said to be carrying standard cargo, Rackham is sure there is more to the ship. Sir Francis allowed Rackham into the secret hold which contained treasure, but was incensed when Rackham went back on his word, and allowed the crew to be devoured by sharks. Sir Francis then blew up the Unicorn to prevent Rackham from getting the treasure. Escaping the wreck, Sir Francis was cursed by Rackham, who claimed they'd meet again, 'in another time, in another place.' It is now, that Haddock realizes that Sakharine is related to Red Rackham. At their last gasp in the desert, they are stumbled upon and rescued by patrolling soldiers who take them back to their desert fortress of Afghar. There they recover and after drinking a bit more alcohol, Haddock recalls the final bit of the story. After hearing this story, the three finally make it to Bagghar, where they are surprised to encounter Thompson and Thomson, who have recovered Tintin's wallet, along with the special paper. and enter the palace of Omar Ben Salaad, who is said to have a miniature of the Unicorn. Also on hand, is a performance by Bianca Castafiore, aka 'The Milanese Nightingale.' As her operatic voice fills the air, the special glass case the Unicorn model is in fractures, and Sakharine reacts, sending a falcon in to break open the ship's mast, and steal the last of the scrolls. A high-speed chase through the city follows, with Tintin eventually giving in to Sakharine's demands to give him the scrolls to avoid him drowning Haddock and Snowy. After the incident, Sakharine and his men leave on the Karaboudjan. Tintin is just about to give up, when he realizes that being in the ship's messaging room, he knows its signal, and they can report it to interpol, helping them track where it is going. The ship eventually enters port back where the adventure started. It is here (through the use of another seaplane), Tintin, Haddock, Snowy, and Thompson and Thomson are waiting to arrest Sakharine. However, Sakharine pulls a gun on the group, before getting into a nearby dock crane, and fighting Haddock in another, like two men wielding cutlasses. In the end, Sakharine gains the upper hand, and attempts to burn the three scrolls, before Tintin manages to recover them. As the sun rises over the docks, Tintin and Haddock line up the scrolls, and see that they contain coordinates. Following them, they end up at Marlinspike hall. There, Haddock mentions a certain cellar he used to remember when he was a little boy. They end up finding that the cellar was walled over by Sir Francis Haddock when he lost the house. They ram through the house's fake cellar and enter the second cellar. They find a statue of St.John the Evangelist, and Tintin remembers a line from the poem - "And then shines forth the eagle's cross". He deduces that St.John, in addition to being represented with an eagle, is also called the Eagle of Patmos, and so he IS the eagle. Near the statue, they find a globe, whereupon Haddock looks at it and remarks that it contains an extra island and that it must have been a mistake. Tintin says that it was no mistake, and that Sir Francis banked upon his descendant, a man who could look at a globe and could find if even one tiny island was out of place; a man who knew the seas like the back of his hand, could understand the clue. Haddock presses the tiny island on the globe, and it comes apart, revealing Red Rackham's treasure in it, along with Sir Francis' hat. As the captain wears the hat and says it's all over, Tintin finds another clue at the bottom of the hollow globe, with a clue to where the remaining treasure is located. Thus, Tintin and Haddock prepare for their next great adventure.
tt1600195
Action,Mystery,Thriller
Nathan (Taylor Lautner) is a high schooler in Pennslyvania, who likes parties and boxing with his dad. He has rage and self-identity issues, and sees a shink (Sigourney Weaver). He's apparently a good wrestler as well as a kickboxer. He's assigned to work on a school project with his neighbor, Karen (Lily Collins), who he's sweet on, but too shy to talk to. They find a website for missing children, and, aging one online, see a likeness of Nathan. He contacts the site, and it triggers an alert in New York. The tech on duty (Nickola Shreli) in New York activates a trace and Nathan's webcam and send a photo of Nathan to a Mr Kozlow (Michael Nyqvist). He takes some old pictures to his friend Gilly (Allen Williamson), who thinks they are suspicious. He confronts his mother (Maria Bello), who fortunately gets killed by operatives before she can explain. His father (Jason Isaacs) fights off one operative, but is killed as well, and Nathan runs away. He comes back to save Karen and defeats the armed operative, who tells him there's a bomb in the kitchen. Naturally, Nathan goes to look, and there's 7 seconds left! He and Karen run outside and leap into the pool as the house and operative are destroyed. Karen is hurt, so Nathan takes her to the hospital. We see Mr. Kozlow arrive in country, and he gets undressed in a car. In the hospital, Nathan calls 911 about his parents murdered but the operator told him to hold the line and the call connects to Frank Burton (Alfred Molina) of CIA, who tells him to stay put, and Kozlow's goons apparently have the pay phone tapped! His shrink, Dr. Bennett, uses balloons to hide Nathan from the hospital cameras, which everyone has tapped into as well. In a car escaping, Dr. Bennett explains that she's with the CIA, and Burton can't be trusted. She tells him it's ok to trust Martin Price or Paul Rasmus, but doesn't explain why. She also gives him keys to a safe house in Virginia. They leap from the car and Dr. Bennett's car is destroyed. By this time, if you're not completely dazed, you realize Nathan is some kind of important kid, with secret skills. Nathan and Karen wake up in the woods, completely refreshed and clean. Burton briefs a bunch of constipated agents about Martin Price, who is Nathan's real father, and has stolen data from Kozlow. Burton's boss tells him to get things under control. Nathan and Karen hitchhike to the safe house, where he finds a gun, a phone with encrypted text and some photos, who he recognizes as his mother. Karen makes a phone call, and apparently all of her relatives' phone lines are tapped too. Nathan's father left a BMW, and Nathan/Karen go looking for his mother, finding her grave. They find fresh flowers on the grave, and the cemetary operator tells them the flowers came from Paul Rasmus. The bad guys and the CIA intercept the cemetary computer query, even though it's not on the internet, and magically conjure an image of the BMW, apparently from the cemetary's high-resolution cameras. Nathan and Karen meet Gilly, who gets them fake IDs. They buy train tickets, but the bad guys have spotted the BMW and followed them to the train station. On the train, Karen asks if they are going to die, and Nathan says no. They kiss and start to grope, but stop because they're hungry? Karen goes to get food without him, and guess what happens next - the bad guys get her! Nathan, who has gone looking for Karen, meets the bad guy and they fight. Nathan manages to beat a grown, trained operative and Karen escapes her bondage with a piece of broken glass. Nathan shatters the train window and throws the bad guy out. The train stops, perhaps to investigate, and they exit the train. At this point, you're hoping the movie is over, but there's still 30 minutes left! Natah and Karen stroll through the woods, and the CIA chases them. Burton convinces them to trust him and buys them burgers, while about 100 agents protect them. Burton explains things, and Kozlow's bad guys start killing the CIA guys. Nathan realizes the phone has the text his father stole, and that Burton's name is on in the text. The bad guys attack the diner. During the attack, Nathan and Karen escape, and since Nathan doesn't trust Burton he tells Karen about the list. Of course, Kozlow can hear them and track them, so he calls the phone in the car and threatens all of Nathan's friends and arranges a meet. Meanwhile, the CIA raids Kozlow's hideout and kills his goons. They also find a recording of the conversation between Nathan and Kozlow, detailing the meet at PNC park in Pittsburgh. At the park, Martin calls Nathan and tells him not to go through with the meet. Nathan hangs up on him. Karen gets a photo of Kozlow and sends it to Nathan. They sit beside each other, and apparently, Gilly has taped a gun under Nathan's seat! Kozlow tells Nathan that his parents were awful people, and Nathan chooses to believe him. We relive Nathan's mother's death at the hands of Kozlow, and even at age 2, Nathan was a super-spy! Kozlow gets Nathan's gun, then chases him through the park. Nathan demonstrates his parkour abilities, and Martin calls him to tell him to lead Kozlow into a trap. Kozlow has time to see Martin hidden as a sniper about 500 yards away, and has time to yell before getting shot. Burton's boss arrives and take the phone, telling Burton he has lots to answer for. The CIA lets Nathan go, and Martin calls one last time to say goodbye. Karen and Nathan reunite, and Dr. Bennett arrives as well. She tells Nathan he can live with her, and Nathan/Karen stroll off, promising to go to Dr. Bennett's house (even though she never gave an address - apparently, Nathan can figure that out, too). Nathan and Karen sit in the now-empty stadium and make out.
tt1192628
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
In the back of a small car, in a small aquarium, resides a small, unnamed chameleon (Johnny Depp). The only living creature in his 'environment,' Rango has fancied himself as an actor, with several inanimate object as his friends and fellow thespians. In his self-contained world, Rango's 'friends' tell him that even though he fancies himself a hero, he needs a challenge. The world goes awry when something in the road causes the car to jolt, and the chameleon and his aquarium fly out the back of the vehicle he's in, shattering to the ground. Getting up, the chameleon sees an armadillo in the road, it's mid-section squashed in by a tire. The creature asks for help to get to the other side, and the chameleon assists. Not being used to the heat, the chameleon asks the armadillo where he can find water. The creature tells him he can find it in dirt, a day's journey away. tThe chameleon follows his shadow through the desert, but is almost eaten by a hawk. Taking refuge in a storm drain, the chameleon wakes the next morning to a small rush of water that quickly evaporates in the sun. Close by, he comes across a female lizard named Beans (Isla Fisher). Though at first hostile, Beans gives the chameleon a ride into town. The chameleon attempts to blend in with the locals, and makes his way to a nearby saloon. Going in, he arouses the suspicion of almost everyone in the bar. Several ask to know who he is, and after seeing the word 'Durango' on a bottle of cactus juice, the chamelon claims that his name...is Rango. Rango then attempts to spin a story that makes him seem like a hero. When someone asks if he killed some outlaws known as The Jenkins Brothers, Rango claims to have done it with just one bullet. As he talks, a couple of outlaws enter the room, led by a lizard named Bad Bill (Ray Winstone). Rango attempts to act intimidating, but instead rouses Bill's ire, leading to the two having a showdown in the middle of the town. Rango thinks he's scared off Bad Bill and his boys when they run away...only to realize the hawk he outwitted before is right behind him. Rango then goes running through the town, with the final events looking as if Rango was chasing the hawk, before finally killing him by dropping the town's water tower on it. While some rejoice at the death of the hawk, several make mention that with the hawk's death, a desperado by the name of Rattlesnake Jake (Bill Nighy) could very well return to town. However, Rango casually explains that he isn't afraid, and that he and Jake are brothers. Rango is then brought before the town's Mayor (Ned Beatty), an old turtle who claims that Rango has given the townspeople hope. Rango is then made the town Sheriff. Shortly thereafter, Rango watches perplexed as the townsfolk take part in a strange ritual in which they leave Dirt and head towards a spigot in the desert. The townspeople seek 'salvation' from the spigot, but no water materializes. The townsfolk have been hard-up for water for some time, and after the Mayor admits sacrifices will need to be made, Beans steps forward, accusing the Mayor of somehow being behind their water shortage. It soon becomes clear that the town's bank is also short on water, and the reserves in the vault only has enough water for 5 more days. Rango attempts to quell the townsfolk's further worries, by promising to uphold the law. However, he accidentally mistakes some moles looking to rob the local bank for prospectors, and allows them to continue on, even giving them equipment. The next day, word of the bank robbery spreads. Rango leads a search party through the underground tunnels that criss-cross below the desert. The group then finds a large pipe and follow it out into the desert, where they find the Bank Manager Mr Merrimack, dead. Some distance off, they find the moles with a covered wagon with what appears to be the water jug that once sat in the bank. The group manages to take off with the covered wagon, but not before the moles and the rest of their underground brethren give chase. However, during the chase, the covered tarp on the jug comes undone, and the bottle is found to be empty. One of the moles that brought the jug to his father claims it was empty when he found it, but the townspeople assume the moles made off with their water. The three moles are returned to town for a trial, but the now apparent lack of water has the rest of the town worried. Meanwhile, Rango has come to suspect the Mayor even more. When the Mayor gets wind of Rango's suspicions regarding him, he sends his men to find Rattlesnake Jake. Jake has been told the stories that Rango has mentioned, and gets Rango to confess that everything he has said is a lie, including the death of the Jenkins Brothers (which were actually killed by Jake). Rango then walks out of Dirt, disgraced. He eventually makes his way back to the 2-lane highway. He attempts to cross it like the armadillo from before, and manages to make it across before collapsing. Unconscious, he is carried over the sandy terrain where he encounters 'The Spirit of the West.' The Spirit gives Rango some more courage, but is then helped along by the Armadillo (his mid-section now restored), and some moving cacti. The reach the top of a crest, and down below, see a large city (Las Vegas). Nearby is an emergency valve that appears to have been cut off. It soon makes sense what the Mayor is planning: he intends to make the town of Dirt into the large city below. Rango had also heard that the Mayor had been buying up lots of land, but that Beans was one of the last hold-outs. Rango then returns to Dirt with a plan. He confronts the Mayor and Rattlesnake Jake, who are attempting to coerce Beans into signing over the title to her property. Rango challenges Jake to a duel, and at High Noon, the armadillo and the cacti open the emergency valve, and water floods throughout the town. However, in the wake of Beans possibly being killed, Rango surrenders, and the two are placed in the bank's vault, where the Mayor attempts to drown them. While this is going on, the Mayor's men then turn their guns on Rattlesnake Jake, with the Mayor confidently speaking of how his type will soon be a distant memory. Rango ends up inadvertently turning the tables when one bullet he has manages to break the vault's glass, and the water in the vault washes everyone out into the streets. Jake acknowledges what Rango did, before turning on the Mayor, dragging him out into the desert as the turtle pleads for his life. The citizens then celebrate their newfound fortune as the water rains down around them.
tt1229238
Action,Adventure,Thriller
On assignment in Budapest to intercept a courier working for a person of interest code-named "Cobalt", IMF agent Trevor Hanaway is killed by an assassin named Moreau. Hanaway's team leader, Jane Carter, and newly promoted field agent Benji Dunn extract Ethan Hunt and Hunt's source Bogdan from a Moscow prison. Hunt is recruited to lead Carter and Dunn to infiltrate the secret Moscow Kremlin archives and locate files identifying Cobalt. Halfways through the mission, someone broadcasts across the IMF frequency, alerting the Russians to Hunt's team. Although Hunt, Dunn and Carter escape, a bomb destroys the Kremlin and Russian agent Sidorov accuses Hunt of masterminding the attack. The IMF extracts Hunt from Moscow. The Russians have called the attack an undeclared act of war and the US president activates "Ghost Protocol", a black operation contingency that disavows the entire IMF. Hunt and team are to take the blame for the attack, but will be allowed to escape from government custody so that they may operate to track down Cobalt. Before Hunt can escape, the IMF's secretary is killed by Russian security forces led by Sidorov, leaving Hunt and intelligence analyst William Brandt to find their own way out. The team identifies Cobalt as Kurt Hendricks, a Swedish-born Russian nuclear strategist who believes the weak must die for the strong to survive, and so plans to start a nuclear war to start the next stage of human evolution. Hendricks bombed the Kremlin and acquired a Russian nuclear launch-control device, and now needs its codes from the Budapest courier in order to launch a nuclear missile at America. The exchange between Moreau and Hendricks's right-hand man, Wistrom, is due to take place at the Burj Khalifa in Dubai. There, Hunt's team-members separately convince Moreau and Wistrom that they have made the exchange with one another. However, Moreau identifies Brandt as an agent. While Hunt chases Wistrom only to realize Wistrom is actually Hendricks in disguise as Hendricks escapes with the codes Carter detains Moreau. Moreau attempts to kill the inexperienced Dunn, and Carter throws her out a window to her death. Brandt accuses Carter of compromising the mission for revenge against Moreau, but Hunt accuses Brandt of keeping secrets from them, as he has displayed fighting skills atypical of an analyst. While Hunt seeks more information from Bogdan, Brandt admits he was assigned as security detail to Hunt and his wife Julia while on assignment. Julia was killed by a Serbian hit squad, prompting Ethan to pursue and kill them before he was caught by the Russians and sent to prison. Bogdan and his arms-dealer cousin inform Hunt that Hendricks will be in Mumbai. Hendricks facilitated the sale of a defunct Soviet military satellite to Indian telecommunications entrepreneur Brij Nath (Anil Kapoor), which could be used to transmit the order to fire a missile. While Brandt and Dunn infiltrate the server room to take the satellite offline, Carter gets Nath to reveal the satellite override code. But Hendricks has anticipated Hunt's plan and takes Nath's servers offline before sending a signal from a television broadcasting tower to a Russian nuclear submarine in the Pacific. The submarine fires on San Francisco. Hunt pursues Hendricks and the launch device while the other team-members attempt to bring the broadcast station back online. Hunt and Hendricks fight over the launch-control device before Hendricks jumps to his death with it to ensure the launch. Dunn kills Wistrom, allowing Brandt to restore power to the station and enabling Hunt to deactivate the missile. He is confronted by Sidorov, who sees Hunt has stopped the missile, proving the IMF is innocent in the Kremlin bombing. The team reconvenes weeks later. Hunt issues them new assignments. Brandt refuses to accept the mission, but Hunt reveals that Julia's death was staged, as he knew he could not protect her and used her death as a pretext to infiltrate a Russian prison and get close to Bogdan, an IMF source on Hendricks. Relieved of his guilt, Brandt accepts his mission while Hunt watches Julia from afar. They share a smile before he goes off on his next mission.
tt0112442
Action,Comedy,Crime
One hundred million dollars worth of confiscated heroin has just been jacked from police custody. Once the career bust of Detectives Mike Lawrey (Will Smith) and Marcus Burnett (Martin Lawrence), the missing drugs now threaten to shut down the narcotics division of the Miami Police Department. When the drug investigation turns deadly, the murderers kidnap the only witness - a beautiful police informant (Tea Leoni) and close friend of the Boys - and things get personal! Fast cars, a gorgeous woman and non-stop action make Bad Boys a guaranteed good time!
tt0478311
Comedy,Romance
Ben Stone (Seth Rogen) is a 23-year-old slacker who is in the process of establishing FleshOfTheStars.com, a website that lists the exact moment in time at which nude scenes with famous actresses occur in films. Alison Scott (Katherine Heigl) is a responsible young woman who works at E! Television Network. Although she is on the career fast track, she lives in the pool house behind her sister Debbie's home, and plays an active role in helping her and her husband Pete raise their daughters. Alison and Ben find themselves at the same club where she is celebrating her promotion at E! with her sister. They begin drinking together, and she invites him back to her pool house. The next morning, they learn that they have very little in common. Eight weeks later, Alison begins feeling very sick and comes to the conclusion she is pregnant, and she contacts Ben. She tells Ben she is pregnant and that she has decided to keep the baby. Ben's initial response of shock and anger mixed with Alison's frustrations creates tension, resulting in Ben agreeing to take Alison to the OB/GYN to confirm the pregnancy. After the pregnancy is confirmed, Ben says he will be there to support Alison and help her through it. She and Ben begin spending more time together and become very close. Ben awkwardly but sweetly proposes to Alison, saying he just wants to do the right thing. Alison is touched by the gesture, but thinks it's too soon for marriage. Meanwhile, Debbie begins to suspect Pete's late night jaunts out of the house to see a band for his record label, are really a cover for an affair. But when she tries to prove this, she later discovers Pete's actually part of a fantasy baseball league. Debbie refuses to speak to Pete thereafter. On the way to the gynecologist's office, Ben and Alison begin quarreling. She kicks him out of her car onto the road, and heads to the doctor's alone while blaming her hormones. Ben walks the rest of the way to the gynecologist's; Alison still doesn't want to see him and asks Ben to leave. Alison says she doesn't want to end up like Debbie and Pete, they have a heated exchange, and Ben storms off. Fed up with their respective situations, the two men take off for a road trip to Las Vegas, where they indulge in psychedelic mushrooms and watch Cirque du Soleil. While hallucinating, they have a revelation: They should be back in LA taking responsibility. Debbie and Pete's reconciliation is evident at their daughter's birthday party, but when Pete confesses to his wife about have done mushrooms, Alison hears and refuses to speak to Ben, who tries to reconcile. Ben goes out to get a job as a web designer, gets a decent apartment, and sets up a baby room in his apartment, all the while spending less time partying with his friends and more time reading the books he purchased with Alison about pregnancy, that he'd lied to Alison about having read. Alison goes into labor and tries to get a hold of her doctor. Unable to contact him, she calls Ben, who takes her to the hospital where the two reconcile, and they joyfully welcome the birth of their daughter. A few days later, Alison, Ben, and the baby are heading back home. They decide to live in Ben's new apartment, and the end credits show the young family living happily ever after and celebrating their daughter's first birthday.
tt0816462
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
During the Hyborean Age, a group of sorcerers from Acheron created a mask from the skulls of dead kings and sacrificed their pure-blooded daughters to the dark gods in order to give the mask the power to subjugate the entire world. After killing countless people in their campaign to conquer the planet, the sorcerers were defeated by the Cimmerians led by Corin (Ron Perlman), who destroys the mask, scattering the pieces across the land, and keeping one for himself. Years later, the Cimmerians are at war with a rival clan. Corin's pregnant wife is fatally injured in the battle, but is able to give birth to a son, Conan, before succumbing to her injuries. Conan's birth on a battlefield, and subsequent survival, is considered to be a powerful omen. As an adolescent, Conan (Leo Howard) becomes a fierce, but unfocused, warrior. After a young Conan returns from a warrior's trial with the severed heads of members of a savage tribe, Corin takes the boy to his foundry and teaches him the Riddle of Steel. Conan insists that he is ready to wield his own sword, but Corin reminds him that once a blade has been forged, it must still be tempered with ice before it can be wielded. Not long after, village are attacked by armored warriors, sporting a symbol of a large, two headed serpent. The leader, Khalar Zym (Stephen Lang), confronts Corin, demanding his piece of the Mask. When Corin refuses, he is restrained and tortured. Conan, in an angry moment of defiance, attacks one of the warriors, Lucius (Steven O'Donnell), maiming him when he cuts off the man's nose. After recovering the piece of the mask, Zym has Conan and Corin chained to a pole, a cauldron of molten metal hanging precariously above them, then sets fire to the foundry. Corin sacrifices himself to enable Conan to escape. Conan is left an orphan and bears wounds on his palms from his attempts to save his father. Conan wanders out and claims a large sword as his own -- his father's sword was stolen by Zym's daughter, Marique. Twenty years later, Conan (Jason Momoa) is a mercenary, working with a Zamoran pirate named Artus (Nonso Anozie). The two men raid a slave camp and take the survivors to the city of Messantia. The snake cult has grown in size over the last decade, and they have a small garrison in the city. Conan sees Lucius, now an out-of-shape warden, pursuing a pickpocket, Ela-Shan (Sad Taghmaoui), and allows himself to be arrested in a bid to learn more about his enemy. Conan soon escapes prison and tortures Lucius for information about Zym and the snake cult. After Conan promises to spare him, Lucius reveals that Zym is seeking the pure blood descendant of the sorcerers of Acheron, as it will take their blood to unlock the Mask's true power. Satisfied that he has gotten all he can out of Lucius, Conan leaves him at the mercy of the liberated prisoners, reminding the frightened guard "I only promised I wouldn't kill you." Ela-Shan tells Conan that, if he ever needs him to return the favor, Conan will find him at Arlagon, the City of Thieves. Meanwhile, Zym and Marique (Rose McGowan), attack a monastery where they believe the Pureblood is. Sensing something is wrong, the elder priest Fassir (Raad Rawi) instructs one of his students, Tamara Amalia Jorvi-Karashan (Rachel Nichols), to flee to her birthplace, then confronts Zym to buy time for her to escape. Zym recounts how his wife, Maliva, was murdered by Fassir's order. Fassir defends this decision, insisting that Maliva was an insane fanatic who was attempting to unleash occult forces to destroy Hyborea. Enraged by Fassir's defiance, Zym kills him by smashing his head against the marble steps. Marique tests the blood of the remaining students and realizes that the Pureblood is not among them. Tamara's carriage comes under attack by snake cult warriors. Conan comes to her rescue, after a spirited chase, eventually captures their captain, Remo (Milton Welsh). After forcing Remo to reveal Tamara's importance, Conan kills him by catapulting him into Zym's camp with a message in his mouth for Zym to meet him at the Shaipur Outpost alone. Marique verifies that the cloth the message is written on belongs to Tamara. Confident that Zym will not recognize him, Conan masquerades as a bounty hunter, offering to sell Tamara to Zym for a substantial sum of gold. Once he is satisfied that Zym and Marique have come alone, Conan reveals his true intentions, and challenges Zym to a sword fight. At her father's instructions, Marique engages Conan with soldiers made of sand before Zym battles Conan. Conan and Zym first seem to be nearly evenly matched, but Conan's rage gives him the upper hand. Marique ultimately swings the fight in her father's favor by poisoning Conan with a poison-laced boomerang dagger. Tamara rescues him and they return to Artus' boat, stationed nearby, where Artus helps Conan recover.The boat is attacked by the snake cult, who kill several of the crew, though are ultimately repulsed. Conan orders Artus to return to Messantia with Tamara and departs to confront Zym in his kingdom. Artus tells Tamara that Conan left a map behind and she follows him, meeting with him in a cave, where they make love. The next day, as she's returning to the boat to join Artus so they can sail away, she's captured by the snake cult. Remembering Ela-Shan's earlier promise, Conan travels to Argalon and hires Shan to help him sneak into Zym's fortress. They discover that beneath the fortress is an old mine, and this is where Zym and Marique plan to sacrifice Tamara, Conan enters through an undersea cave, where the snake cult are preparing to feed prisoners to a giant multi-tendriled serpent, the Dweller. After killing the beast, Conan proceeds further down the mine. Conan attacks the snake cult before they can complete the sacrifice, but Zym has collected enough of Tamara's blood to restore the Mask to suboptimal strength. Zym dons the mask, claiming to be invincible, and proceeds to fight Conan again. Zym uses Corin's sword to fight Conan, but Conan is eventually able to wrest it from his opponent. The battle inadvertently triggers an earthquake, killing most of Zym's followers and rendering the mine unstable. Conan frees Tamara and tells her to run. However, she is followed by Marique. Conan hears Tamara's screams, and kills Marique by throwing her down a mine shaft where she's impaled on a post. As the mine continues to crumble, Conan and Tamara attempt to find an alternate way way out, with an enraged Zym in hot pursuit. Conan and Tamara eventually make their way to an unstable rope bridge, precariously above a massive canyon. As they cross the bridge, a support beam under Tamara gives way, causing her to nearly fall. As Conan attempts to save her before the bridge gives way, they are cornered by Zym, who uses the Mask's power to summon Maliva's spirit. In an act of defiance, Conan destroys the bridge supports with his sword, before jumping to safety with Tamara. The bridge collapses, and Zym falls to his death. With the snake cult destroyed, Conan returns Tamara to her birthplace, telling her that they'll meet again. He then returns to his old village and tells his father that he has avenged his death and recovered the sword Zym stole from him, before departing in search of new adventures.
tt0317919
Action,Adventure,Thriller
Ethan Hunt (Tom Cruise) has retired from being an IMF team leader, instead opting for a quiet life with his fiance Julia (Michelle Monaghan), a hospital nurse (who was the captive in the opening sequence). During their engagement party, Ethan is contacted by IMF Operations Director Musgrave (Billy Crudup) who provides him with a disposable camera. After viewing a video hidden in the camera, he finds out Musgrave wants him to rescue Agent Lindsey Farris (Keri Russell), Ethan's protg, who has been captured in Berlin by Owen Davian (Philip Seymour Hoffman), a prominent dealer in the international black market (the captor from the opening). He reluctantly agrees to participate in the mission and meets the team which has been selected for him, consisting of Declan Gormley (Jonathan Rhys-Meyers), Zhen (Maggie Q), and his old partner, Luther Stickel (Ving Rhames). The team assaults an enemy stronghold in Berlin and extracts Agent Farris successfully, but she dies during their escape when an explosive capsule placed inside her head detonates. After Lindsey's funeral, Ethan is notified of a "package" sent to him by Lindsey, and discovers that it is a microdot hidden under the stamp in a blank postcard. Ethan discusses its possible importance with Luther and both decide to keep its existence a secret. Using information recovered from a laptop in the Berlin mission, Ethan then decides to go after Davian himself, targeting him at a meeting in Vatican City, where a lucrative transaction involving a mysterious object, codenamed "The Rabbit's Foot", is apparently taking place. Neither of Ethan's superiors, directors Brassel (Laurence Fishburne) or Musgrave, has authorized the mission. Before leaving, Ethan reassures Julia of their relationship, and promptly marries her at the hospital in a small ceremony. The team then arrives in Rome and sets off their elaborate plan to abduct Davian, barely avoiding disaster in the process. The operation succeeds nonetheless. Ethan interrogates Davian on the flight home. However he is angered by Davian's quiet but confident threats of killing his wife, and attempts to throw him off the plane before being talked out of it by Stickel. While transporting Davian across the Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel in a convoy, Luther hands Ethan a laptop computer and plays the video message from the decoded microdot: Lindsey had discovered that Director Brassel is a mole, who has been leaking information to Davian about IMF operations. Suddenly, Ethan and his team are attacked by foreign mercenaries who, using a UAV drone, manage to extract Davian. Remembering Davian's threats to kill his wife, Ethan immediately rushes to the hospital where Julia works. He arrives barely moments too late and finds that Julia has already been abducted. At that moment of despair, Ethan receives a call from Davian with a proposition; he must retrieve the "Rabbit's Foot" from a facility in Shanghai within 48 hours, or his wife will be killed. Ethan, anxious to begin his mission to rescue his wife is abruptly taken into custody by the IMF and accused of masterminding the ambush. However, he manages to escape with help from Musgrave, who intercepted Ethan's call from Davian, and instructs Ethan to go to Shanghai. In Shanghai, Ethan reunites with his team once more and manages to infiltrate the heavily guarded building containing the Rabbit's Foot and steals it. Ethan then goes to the established meeting place where Davian is waiting. Told to "ask no questions", he is made to drink a substance which knocks him out. He awakes in a seedy room where Davian injects an explosive charge like the one that killed Lindsey into his head. The scene shown in the prologue then ensues: Julia and Ethan are bound to chairs and Davian threatens to kill Julia if he is not told the location of the Rabbit's Foot. Ethan, in panic, insists that he has delivered it. However, after counting to ten, Davian executes Julia. After Davian leaves, Musgrave enters, revealing himself as the traitor and explains the situation to a stunned Ethan; Davian will sell the Rabbit's Foot to known Middle Eastern enemies of the United States, the resulting attack being anticipated and controlled to generate only 'acceptable losses' - the concept of a "false flag" attack taken to the next level. This will then justify a massive retaliation that would result in an internationally supported hostile takeover of the region. He shows Ethan that the dead "Julia" was actually one of Davian's incompetent personnel wearing a mask, used to make sure that Ethan had brought the real Rabbit's Foot; Julia is still alive. Ethan escapes by biting Musgrave's arm before attacking him and taking his phone, which is used to track down Julia's location. Instrumental in this is the assistance of Benji (Simon Pegg), an IMF laboratory technician. After a furious run through the neighborhood, Ethan finally finds Julia, but before he can free her Davian activates the bomb in Ethan's head. The result is a splitting noise in Ethan's head which renders him incapable of thinking properly and defending himself. Davian then begins to savagely beat Ethan, but just as Davian prepares to kill Julia, Ethan manages to make an impressive comeback and hurls Davian out of the window. Davian is killed when a truck runs over him and Ethan during the scuffle--Ethan, on the bottom, is clear of the truck. Unable to find a defibrillator, Ethan loosens power cables to be able to put electricity on his body, to deactivate the bomb in his head, and quickly teaches Julia how to shoot his Beretta pistol. Julia turns on the power which seemingly kills Ethan, after which Musgrave attacks her. After killing Musgrave, she successfully resuscitates Ethan with CPR, and the two walk out with the Rabbit's Foot as Ethan proceeds to tell Julia the truth about his secret life. Back at headquarters, Ethan is congratulated for his heroic actions, and then leaves for his honeymoon with Julia, with the blessing of his applauding teammates and promises for another mission which the White House is keen to contact him about.
tt1971352
Biography,Crime,Drama
Sandra, a manager of a fast-food restaurant in the ChickWich chain, receives a phone call from a prank caller referring to himself as Officer Daniels. Claiming to have spoken with the regional manager, he states that the police received a complaint that an employee of the restaurant had stolen money from a customers purse that day. Daniels explains that he is preoccupied with the search of the suspected thiefs home and that Sandra would have to detain and question the staff member about the theft. With Daniels on the phone, Sandra agrees to help and summons Becky, who fits the callers description of the perpetrator. Becky denies committing any theft, but complies with Sandra and Daniels when she is escorted into an office in the rear of the restaurant. The caller asks a series of questions and instructs Sandra to search Becky's pockets and purse for the stolen cash. When the money is not found, Daniels then orders Sandra to conduct a strip search, claiming that the alternative would be Becky going to jail while the larger investigation at Becky's home is being undertaken. When Becky is alone, the caller implies that her brother could also face separate charges if Becky does not comply calmly with the strip search. After she has stripped, the humiliated Becky is covered only by an apron. Daniels tells Sandra to put the clothing into a bag and take it to her car for later inspection by the police. He initially claims that clothes can sometimes have imperceptible pockets, but when Sandra is perplexed by his order, he states that the larger investigation involves possession of marijuana, and that the clothing may contain faint traces of it which would aid the case. Sandra explains to Daniels that she must resume managing the restaurant during the busy work day, and the caller instructs her to leave Becky under the watch of a male employee for security reasons. Sandra enlists Kevin for the task, but he protests the caller's orders to inspect Becky and refuses to be involved. Eventually Sandra brings in her fianc Van to watch over Becky. Through Daniels' demands, Becky is ordered to remove the apron and perform jumping jacks nude for Van, under the pretense that contraband may be concealed in her body. When Sandra briefly visits the room, Becky attempts to plead with her about the ordeal. As punishment for this "disobedient" plea, the caller orders Becky to subject to a spanking by Van and to perform oral sex on him. After Van leaves with guilt, Daniels asks for another male to take his place. The custodian Harold is called in and is outraged by the caller's orders. When Harold tells Sandra the caller's intentions, she phones the regional manager and realizes that Daniels' call is a scam. The police eventually arrive and escort Becky out and investigate for evidence. A detective from another location eventually arrests the caller at his office after similar incidents are reported from the same man, who is revealed to be a telemarketer and a family man. Becky wants to file a civil suit against Sandra, but her lawyer suggests an option to sue the national corporation of ChickWich. Sandra, who is now unemployed, ends her engagement with Van after the incident and is later interviewed by a journalist on the incident, but does not answer all questions because her lawyer is present. The film ends with a message stating over 70 similar incidents occurred in 30 U.S. states.
tt0092991
Comedy,Horror
The first 15 minutes of the film acts as an edited account of The Evil Dead (1981). This alternate version starts with protagonist Ashley 'Ash' J. Williams (Bruce Campbell), and girlfriend Linda (Denise Bixler), driving to an abandoned cabin high in the mountains. Within the cabin plays a piano while Linda dances in underwear. He has recently given her a silver chain with a little magnifying glass on it. When Ash goes into another room to get a bottle of champagne, and Linda changes out of the rest of her clothes, he finds a reel-to-reel tape player and switches it on. The recording explains that the cabin belongs to a Prof. Raymond Knowby (John Peakes) who was busy translating passages from "Necronomicon Ex Mortis" (called "Morturom Demonto" in the recording), the "Book of the Dead", which they found in the Castle of Candar, beside a ceremonial knife with a skull on its handle. The tape says that "it is through the recitation of the book's passages that this dark spirit is given license to possess the living", then precedes to recite one of the passages, which awakens an evil force that possesses Linda. Discovering Linda's disappearance, our Hero ventures outside and is attacked by the now-demonfied Linda. Panicking, the terrified Ash gets lucky and manages to decapitate the love of his life with a handy shovel. Following this murder, Mr. Williams decides to do the decent thing and buries his, now headless, girlfriend, keeping the silver necklace and pendant. It's at this point the summary of the first film ends as the evil force sweeps through the woods and cabin and spins the stressed Ash through the woods, possessing him. Fortunately the sun comes up and drives away the Candarian demon, the mist in the woods retreats into various trees, and the cloudiness from Ash's eyes, leaving Ash perfectly healthy, if not a little depressed. He has a little nap in the woods. Looking at the cabin, Ash sees a face superimposed on it and hears a voice saying "Join Us". Ash bravely clambers into his Oldsmobile and makes a dash for freedom only to find that the bridge is now destroyed (the gap it spans is much shorter than the bridge they drove over when arriving), presumably by evil forces. The sun goes down rapidly and yet again the evil pursues him, branches whipping into his face, a tree stump stopping the car abruptly enough to send Ash flying out the windshield, to have his face stopped by a tree. He runs the rest of the way through the woods to the cabin, and the pursuit continues, through at least 9 doors between 10 rooms and an unfinished hallway in the small cabin, but Ash, using all his cunning, evades it by hiding under a trap door. The evil presence continues back outside and retreats into the woods. At an airport, Annie Knowby (Sarah Berry) arrives by plane, with 3000-year-old pages of the Book of the Dead, and is picked up by her boyfriend Ed Gentley (Richard Domeier). They start their drive to the cabin to join her father. Following a manly little nap, our terrified and bloodied hero wakes in an armchair to piano music, and finds that the piano is playing itself. The music must remind him of Linda as he takes the silver necklace from his pocket. Some boards barricading a window fall, and looking outside he sees the Linda's grave marker fall over and her headless and already badly decomposed corpse (Ted Raimi) re-animate and dance, and regain its much fresher head, which can conveniently keep facing in one direction while the body spins around many times. Her moves include seductively straddling a tree limb. She then vanishes into the dark, then reappears just outside the window and grabs Ash, telling him to dance with her. After being slammed into the window barricades several times he breaks free, and Linda's head falls off again. Ash discovers that he is back in the chair, screaming. Was the dancing corpse a dream? The window barricade seems intact. Suddenly Linda's smiling head drops into Ash's lap, says "hello, lover", and bites hard into his right hand between thumb and forefinger. Unable to remove the head he rushes to the work shed and clamps it in a vise, causing it to release its grip, and it starts to mock Mr. Williams, who has already had a trying day. He reaches for the spot on the tool shelf marked for the chainsaw, but it's not there. The headless torso charges into the shed and attacks Ash with a chainsaw, but he deflects it with a crowbar and the corpse clumsily saws into itself, not having an attached head to let it see what it's doing. He pries the chainsaw from the body and the detached arm still holding in, and yanks on the pull-start cord. The head, looking much nicer, begs not to be hurt, then spews black bile and turns evil again, and Ash destroys it. She's obviously gotten on Ash's bad side since she gets no further burial. Upon returning to the cabin and trading the chainsaw for a double-barrel shotgun and a handful of extra shells, Ash is further frightened by an unseen entity moving the rocking chair and moaning. It stops when he brings his right hand near it. Dropping the shotgun, he tries to console himself by telling his reflection in the mirror that everything is fine. However, his reflection suddenly comes to life, leans out of the mirror, and contradicts him, laughing at Ash's predicament and then throttling Ash before vanishing, leaving Ash holding himself by the throat. He taps the mirror with his right hand, but it is just an ordinary mirror again. Dark veins radiate outwards from the bite wounds on the edge of Ash's right hand as it mutates and grows longer finger nails, and it begins to move around under its own control, and make strange laughing noises, then starts attacking Ash by grabbing his face. He holds it down and screams to be given back his hand. Annie and Ed's drive is blocked by workman Jake (Dan Hicks) putting a barricade in front of the destroyed bridge. Bobby Joe (Kassie Wesley DePaiva), leaning on their car, says that there isn't any other road that leads there, and Jake points out that there is a trail through the woods, and that they would lead them there for $40... $100. Annie says sure, if they also carry the luggage. Sly grins all around. Ash tries drowning his evil hand, and it smashes crockery over his head and bangs his head into the sink, hits him, and flips him onto the floor. After a few more plates and bottles, it spots a cleaver and starts to drag Ash's unconscious body towards it. But Ash wakes up stabs his own hand, pinning it to the floor, and hacks it off with the very chainsaw he used only moments ago to carve his lover to pieces. He starts it by pulling the rope with his teeth. "Who's laughing now?" He binds the stump of his arm with cloth and duct tape. Annie, Ed, and Bobby Joe are preceding through the dark woods, trailed by Jake struggling along under a huge trunk. Ash traps his amputated hand under a tin and a few books (including "A Farewell To Arms"), but it escapes and hides inside the wall. Ash fires several shells into the wall, and the hand taunts him, then gets its thumb caught in a rat trap. It shakes that off and gives Ash the one-finger salute. After several more shots, the walls begin to bleed, then spew like firehoses, spraying Ash and covering the entire room in blood. Suddenly the blood turns black and vanishes back into the walls. Ash sits on a chair that breaks under his weight. An evil-looking deer head mounted on the wall suddenly begins to laugh at Ash, and other items in the house, such as lamps, cabinets, and books, join in. Ash, who appears to be losing his sanity, laughs along with them. The laughter ends abruptly when Ash hears movement outside the front door, and unloads the shotgun into it. The people at the door are Annie Knowby (Sarah Berry), Prof Knowby's daughter, who has pages of the Necronomicon with her, boyfriend Ed Gentley (Richard Domeier) - who's not really important as he'll be hacked to pieces within 15 minutes - and their two red neck guides, Jake (Dan Hicks) and his honey Bobbie Jo (Kassie Wesley DePaiva). Ash shoots through the door, clearly on his last nerve. This result in grazing Bobby Jo. Ed and Jake beat Ash as Annie notices the absence of her parents in the cabin. After seeing the blood on the chainsaw and on Ash, they come to the conclusion that he killed Annie's parents. The four newcomers throw Ash into the fruit cellar. Annie, Ed, Jake, and Bobby Jo listen to recordings of Professor Knowby's, where they learn that Knowby killed Henrietta (Lou Hancock) - Annie's mother - after she became possessed, and buried her body in the fruit cellar. Surprisingly Henrietta then rises from the grave and attacks the luckless Ash. The other four take pity on him and release him from his basement prison, hauling him out of by his head, and force the demon wife into the cellar, although this procedure results in Jake getting grabbed by the face, Ed similarly grabbed and thrown into the wall, and Bobby Jo getting a mouthful of flying eye ball. Fortunately Henrietta is locked underground. But that's not this demon done yet, it takes human form and tries to persuade Annie to let it out (that's right, she's a crafty Candarian demon). Ash sees through this trick, grabs Annie and shakes his head. This sheer act of manliness overwhelms Annie and makes her say "That thing in the cellar is not my mother". At this point it becomes apparent that Ed too has rudely became possessed, levitating, and, even more rudely takes a bite out of Bobby Jo's hair and tells them all that they will be "Dead by Dawn". Other corpse-oids join in on the chant. Jake is thrown up and breaks a light bulb with his head. Ash appears to flee at this point and receives a shouting from Annie. But lo and behold our hero has not fled and as the others have been frozen with fear Ash returns brandishing an axe. He hacks Ed to pieces (told you), spraying green slime everywhere. In a lull, Jake notices through the barricaded window that the trail they came in on just ain't there no more. The clocks pendulum stops suddenly. It's so quiet. For a moment. Following some unconvincing sound affects, the spirit of the professor appears ghost-like before them and says that the pages Annie possesses are the key to dispelling the evil dead. Bobby Jo then discovers Ash's possessed disembodied hand holding hers, and she screams, and knocks down their only oil lamp, and runs into the forest, where she is attacked and killed by the trees. Annie and Ash find a drawing in the pages of the book she brought along which depicts a hero in 1300 A.D. said to have dispelled the evil; the hero appears as a figure with a chainsaw-like hand and a "boomstick." Hysterical with fear for Bobby Jo, Jake picks up the shotgun and brandishes it at the others. Ash tries to convince Jake that Bobby Jo is dead, but Jake grows furious and throws the book pages into the cellar, and forces everyone to go after her. Outside, the trees are moving, and not the way they would in a wind. The group goes into the woods, only to discover that the trail has disappeared. A demon rushes them, again possessing Ash, and throws Jake into a tree. Ash chases Annie back to the cabin. She grabs the bone dagger from the first movie and accidentally stabs Jake as he is trying to get back into the cabin. She has to pull Jake's body inside so that she can shut the door. Ash pounds on the door, then suddenly stops. Annie removes the dagger from Jake and then drags him to a safer place, right next to the cellar door, where of course Henrietta pops up and drags him in head-first to kill him. Annie is hosed by a tsunami of blood. Ash attacks Annie, accidentally ripping her necklace off her neck. As she lays unconscious, Ash looks at the necklace and reverts to his normal self after being reminded of Linda. After convincing a terrified axe-wielding Annie that he is no longer possessed, Ash and Annie agree to vanquish the evil together, for which they'll need those pages in the basement. This calls for an awesome montage, as Ash uses his technical know-how to convert the chainsaw into a chainsaw hand, fitting firmly on his amputated stump and sawing the end of his shotgun. The scene ends up with a close up of his rugged face and he announces "Groovy". This establishes that the previous coward has become a lean mean deadite slaying machine. Ash and Annie return to the cabin, where Ash cuts the cellar doors in half, and enters the cellar and finds the pages strewn about the floor, seemingly leading him deeper into the darkness. Henrietta leaps out of the cellar door and attacks Annie. Ash emerges from the cellar and begins fighting with flying Henrietta; he has the upper hand until Henrietta transforms into a more vicious demonic form. Ash is saved when Annie distracts Henrietta by singing a lullaby that Henrietta sang to her when she was a girl. While Henrietta is focused on Annie, Ash uses his chainsaw to decapitate and dismember the demon, then deals the final blow by delivering a shotgun blast to its head. "I'll swallow your soul!' "Swallow this!" Annie & Ash have a tender hugging moment, and then the trees attack. Annie takes the pages and begins translating the text to manifest the evil, which appears in the form of a large bloody head covered in the faces of those it has possessed, and the power to wilt flowers. While Ash is grabbed by tree branches and brought closer to the creature, which he tries to fend off. The chainsaw in its eye seems to irritate it. Annie recites the incantation to rid the earth of the evil. A large vortex opens up just outside the cabin, gravitating everything around into it, including Ash's car, a large tree, and the evil itself. Annie is then stabbed in the back by Ash's severed hand with the bone knife. With her dying breaths, she speaks the last words of the incantation, and the giant head and its tree hands are sucked into the vortex before it disappears. Ash is left in the cabin with Annie's body for a moment, before the door is ripped away showing that the vortex is still there. Ash is sucked in along with trees and many items from the cabin. Ash, his car, and a tree fall from the sky and land on a large block of rock. He looks up and finds himself surrounded by armoured and mounted medieval knights. The knights are about to attack Ash when a winged demonic creature swoops down from the sky, terrifying the knights as they scatter. Ash reaches for his shotgun and blows the creature's head off. The knights gather around Ash as he prepares to defend himself. One knight then lifts his face plate and declares, "Hail he who hath fallen from the sky to deliver us from the terror of the Deadites!" The army of medieval warriors then falls to their knees and begins chanting "hail" as Ash realizes that he is in fact the prophesied "Hero from the Sky." The film closes with Ash shaking his head in disbelief and screaming "No!" as the camera pans out to show the large army that now awaits Ash's command.
tt0087843
Crime,Drama
The story is divided among three distinct time periods: the early 1920s, the early 1930s and the year 1968. The story is also jumps back and forth between these times and is summarized chronologically here. In 1968, David "Noodles" Aaronson (Robert De Niro), returns to the Lower East Side of Manhattan, NY following a prolonged absence. He has been called back to his old neighborhood under mysterious circumstances; he's received a notice from a local rabbi telling him that the cemetery in his old neighborhood is being closed and the remains of those buried there are being moved. He sets himself up in with a room in a bar owned by an old friend, Fat Moe (Larry Rapp), and begins to investigate the summons he received. Noodles is suspicious of the letter, thinking he's been called back to see to the reburial of his old friends, Patrick "Patsy" Goldberg (James Hayden), Philip "Cockeye" Stein (William Forsythe), and Max Bercovic (James Woods), who he used to be in a gang with. Noodles believes someone is seeking revenge against him. In the earliest time period, the early 1920s, the boys grow up in poverty in a Jewish neighborhood of the Lower East Side. They ostensibly work for a young local gangster named Bugsy, however, Noodles and his friends Patsy, Cockeye, and Dominic, have ambitions to strike out on their own. One day, while attempting to roll a drunk, they are foiled in their plot by Max, who is just moving into the neighborhood with his mother. He keeps the drunk's pocket watch and leaves the boys to be harassed by a policeman, Whitey (whom the boys call "Fartface") who constantly bullies them. Noodles finds Max later and demands the watch back. Whitey happens by and takes the watch for himself. Noodles and Max come to admire each others resolve and decide to be friends. Though Noodles and Max share the leadership of the gang, it is Max who is the more charismatic and makes most of the decisions for them. One day Patsy spies Whitey walking along the rooftops of the neighborhood and follows him. Patsy immediately realizes that Whitey is going to see their pre-teen (and physically matured) friend, Peggy, who prostitutes herself. The boys catch Whitey in the act and photograph him; Patsy quickly disappears with the film plate. Whitey acquiesces to their demands that, as the new gang in the area, he pay them as much in tribute as he does Bugsy and that he do some enforcement work for them. They also get their watch back from him and make him pay for Noodles and Max to have sex with Peggy. Noodles has long desired to be romantically involved with a girl, Deborah (Jennifer Connelly), who lives in his building and whose father owns the local kosher restaurant in the neighborhood. While using the men's room in the restaurant, David often spies on Deborah through a small hole in the wall while she practices her ballet steps. Deborah, however, mostly ignores his advances, with the exception of an intimate moment they share when the restaurant's closed during Passover. The boys become something of a success in their neighborhood, thieving houses and stores and rolling more drunks and other weaker types for small earnings that are substantial for themselves. When Bugsy hears that there's another gang that isn't under his control, he and his thugs horribly beat Noodles and Max . Undaunted, the boys meet with a local Italian mobster, Capuano, and show him an invention of Noodles' that will allow Capuano to keep all the imported cargo he illegally deals even after his ships crews are forced to throw it overboard by harbor customs agents. The first time the boys use Noodles invention, it works perfectly and the boys are overjoyed at the cargo that floats to the surface. Max falls overboard and doesn't surface for a seemingly long amount of time. Worried that his friend has drowned, Noodles looks for him and is perturbed when Max finally appears. The invention is a success and the boys become very wealthy, receiving 10% of Capuano's earnings. They rent a train station locker and stash their cash earnings in a leather briefcase, promising that they will only withdraw or deposit funds from the locker when they are all present and that the key will be kept by Fat Moe. On their way back from the station, they're attacked by Bugsy, who this time carries a pistol. Dominic is the only member of the gang who is shot by Bugsy (being the smallest, he is unable to run for cover as fast as his companions) and dies in Noodles' arms. Noodles retaliates and stabs Bugsy with a switchblade several times before a policeman tries to stop him. Noodles, still in a fit of rage about Dominic, stabs the cop and is arrested. He is sentenced to 12 years. His friends turn out to see him delivered to the juvenile reformatory. In the early 1930s, Noodles is released from prison and is picked up by Max. Max explains that he and the rest of the gang have set themselves up in an undertaking business. However, the mortician's parlor is a front for their real business, bootlegging liquor, which has made them rich. According to Max, they run the most popular speakeasy in the city; they hide the scotch they serve in the building's steam heating system. A party is held for Noodles on his return and Max introduces him to some new associates, Frankie Manoldi (Joe Pesci) and his partner Joe (Burt Young). Frankie and Joe want the gang to rob a diamond broker's they own in Detroit. During the heist, Noodles hits and rapes a woman, Carol (Tuesday Weld), who works there; she's a masochist who provokes Noodles into assaulting her; Noodles also does so despite a stern warning from Joe himself not to abuse her. The gang meets with Joe to give him the diamonds and kill him and his men on Frankie's orders. Noodles, unaware of the deal that Max made with Frankie to murder Joe, is quite angry with Max; his reasoning is that their gang should not be liable to anyone like Frankie and should operate independently. Also, Noodles is concerned that one day Frankie may want Noodles or Max to eliminate the other. Max assures Noodles it will never happen. As they drive away from the scene, Noodles foolhardily drives their car off a long pier into the bay. (A restored scene shows everyone except Noodles escaping the car and surfacing. After a few minutes, the guys are worried that Noodles may have been killed by a nearby dredging machine but he appears soon after, a reflection of Max tricking him when they were teenagers.) The gang then begins to aid a local union leader, Jimmy "Clean Hands" O'Donnell (Treat Williams), who has made a career of standing up to corrupt labor leaders, particularly a man named Crowning. After rescuing Jimmy from Crowning's thug, Chicken Joe, who is about to burn him alive, the gang offers their assistance to Jimmy, who initially refuses their help, not wanting to deal with men who operate in bootlegging, drugs or prostitution. The gang turns their attention to a local labor strike being engineered by a celebrity police captain, Vincent Aiello (Danny Aiello). Aiello is being manipulated by the factory owners into allowing his officers to protect the scab workers the owners have allowed into their factory. The gang concocts a brilliant and diabolical scheme to switch Aiello's newborn son (his family's only boy after four girls) at the hospital: Noodles calls him just after he discovers the switch (the gang switched his boy for a girl in the nursery) and tells him to call off his officers and let the workers and management work out the strike. However, when Patsy tries to remember which baby they switched Aiello's boy for, he can't; he's lost the switch list with the child's number on it. The mix-up doesn't faze the gang, however, and they agree to simply give Aiello the number of a random boy from the ward, coldly laughing over the fates of some of the children they'd mixed up. During the time that the gang is expanding their business dealings, Noodles rekindles his romance with Deborah (now played by Elizabeth McGovern). He arranges for a lavish vacation for them both at a posh resort that is closed for the season. Noodles reveals his love for Deborah, however, she is still as reluctant to get romantically involved with him, and plans to leave for California to study acting. On their return trip in their limousine, Noodles rapes Deborah. Ashamed, he orders the driver to take her home. Some time later, Deborah boards a train to California; Noodles, from a distance in the station, watches her leave; she closes the compartment blind when she spots him. While calling Max and Noodles for assistance, Jimmy is nearly killed on the street by Chicken Joe. The gang retaliates, shooting at Crowning outside his club, killing his bodyguards, including Chicken Joe. With a wounded leg, Jimmy is crippled for life but is able to continue his career. While they celebrate with Jimmy in the hospital, Jimmy's attorney, Shark, tells the gang that Prohibition may soon end and they should think about entering legitimate business with their large fleet of bootlegging trucks, with Jimmy acting as their front. Max seems to like the idea, however, Noodles is unconvinced, still adhering to his old mantra of not working for anyone but themselves. Max suggests that Noodles' idea of business is too archaic and that they need to expand to make more money, but Noodles still adheres steadfastly to his street code. In late 1933, Prohibition approaches its end, and the gang find themselves out of work. Not wanting to go into legitimate work, Max reveals an audacious plan to rob the Federal Reserve bank in Manhattan. Noodles thinks the plan is too outrageous, knowing that it almost certainly would get him and the rest of the gang killed. By this time, the woman Noodles sexually assaulted in Detroit, Carol, has joined the brothel that Peggy runs (in conjunction with the gang's speakeasy) and has become Max's girlfriend. She tries to convince Noodles to get Max to abandon his plan or tip the police to get Max arrested to give him time to think over the scheme's absurdity. Noodles plans to alert the police about a liquor exchange Max has planned with Cockeye and Patsy, which is set to take place a short time after the gang's party in celebration of the end of Prohibition. Noodles does so and, when Max joins him in the office, provokes Max into a fight by suggesting his friend is crazy; it is a vulnerable fact of Max's life that his father was mentally unbalanced and died in a sanitarium. Noodles shows up at the site of the liquor buy and sees that Patsy and Cockeye have been killed and it appears Max has been burned beyond recognition. After returning to Fat Moe's bar and finding his girlfriend Eve murdered and Moe horribly beaten (depicted in the first scenes of the film), he retrieves the key to the locker at the train station. At the station, he finds that the money has been replaced with newspapers. Puzzled, Noodles buys a one-way bus ticket to Buffalo and leaves. During his sleuthing in 1968, Noodles finds out that his friends were moved to a different cemetery and an elaborate mausoleum was constructed for them. He finds the key to the train station locker on a plaque inside that states Noodles himself put the plaque and key there to honor his friends. He goes to the locker and finds the same leather case and more money inside. A note inside the case says "Advance payment for your next job". According to news reports, a senator named Chris Bailey is under investigation for corruption; several witnesses set to testify against Bailey have all died under mysterious circumstances. Noodles suspects a connection between Bailey and the money left to him. Before visiting the senator's house under invitation, he talks to Carol who tells him that Deborah is once again living in the New York City area and is now a famous stage actress. Noodles visits her and the two have a lengthy conversation. Deborah's most important revelation is that she and Senator Bailey are together and have a grown-up son, also named David, who very closely resembles Max when he was younger. Noodles goes to Bailey's Long Island mansion and meets directly with the Senator, who reveals himself to be Max. Max had faked his own death during the liquor exchange where he was "killed" and has, for the past 30 years, created the Bailey persona as a disguise. With the impending investigation for corruption, Max tells Noodles that he wants to be assassinated and that Noodles is the only person to do it (hence the money in the suitcase as an "advance for the next job"). Noodles refuses, saying that he feels betrayed and has felt guilty for the entire span Max was gone, which is punishment enough. He leaves through a secret passage; on the street outside Bailey's estate, he catches a glimpse of Bailey standing by the road. A garbage truck drives by, the augers in the back clearly visible, suggesting but not concluding for certain that Bailey has thrown himself into them to his death. The film ends in the 1930s, with Noodles in a Chinese opium den. Laying down after a few puffs from an opium pipe, he smiles as the closing credits roll. [It has been suggested by fans, critics and some film historians that the 1968 sequences were all part of an opium-induced dream experienced by Noodles.]
tt1632708
Comedy,Romance
Jamie Reillis (Mila Kunis) is an Executive Recruiter for a leading job agency in New York City and Dylan Harper (Justin Timberlake) works as an art director for a small internet company in Los Angeles. Jamie has the task of trying to recruit Dylan to interview for a job with GQ magazine and begin working in New York City. Dylan comes to New York and after interviewing for the position learns from Jamie that he has been given an offer to work for GQ. At first Dylan is hesitant to accept and move from his home in Los Angeles to New York, but in an effort to get Dylan to accept the job, Jamie spends the evening taking him around the city trying to sell him on the opportunity and the city. After a fun night together exploring the city (including staring a 'flash mob' to dance to a pop tune in Times Square) Dylan agrees to take the job. The next day Jamie presents Dylan with the contract to sign so she can land her commission for recruiting him. Not knowing anyone else in the city he and Jamie quickly develop a friendship. One night, while hanging out at Jamie's apartment watching a romantic comedy, they get on the topic of sex and relationships. They come to the conclusion that sex should not come with so many emotional attachments. Both feeling the need for a physical connection they agree to have sex without emotion or commitment involved. After several trysts together Jamie comes to the realization that this isn't really what she wants, and she would like to start dating again and informs Dylan that they need to stop. A few days later, Jamie meets Parker (Bryan Greenberg) and they begin dating. After five dates they consummate their relationship but the next morning Parker leaves and informs Jamie he really wasn't looking for anything more. Furious, Jamie tells Parker off, assuring the end of their relationship. Trying to be sympathetic and to help Jamie get over the pain of the situation Dylan suggests she come with him to California over the July 4th weekend while he visits his family. Jamie is very hesitant, but agrees after much persistence from Dylan. They fly to California where Jamie meets his older sister Annie (Jenna Elfman) and father (Richard Jenkins). While in California emotional feelings for each other begin to form and they share a passionate kiss, which leads to a night of close intimacy unlike any they had shared before. However the next day Jamie overhears a conversation between Annie and Dylan indicating he has no real feelings for her. Hurt, she flies back to New York, alone. A few days later Dylan returns to New York trying to reconcile his friendship with Jamie and find out why she has been ignoring him. He finally finds Jamie and she informs him she overheard everything he said and has no interest in maintaining any kind of a friendship with him. Soon after this Jamie discovers that Dylan may be leaving the GQ position for another job, which would affect her commission. She confronts Dylan about this which leads to another argument. Both begin to do some soul searching trying to come to terms with their feelings about their relationship. Jamie spends time with her mother (Patricia Clarkson), while Dylan discusses it with his sister over the phone. His sister informs him that their father, who suffers from the early stages of Alzheimer's disease, will be flying to New York and he needs to be picked up at the airport. While eating at the airport with his father, his father, in a moment of Alzheimer's-induced confusion, incorrectly recognizes a passerby as a woman from his past. Dylan asks him about this woman, and his father, upon regaining his lucidity, says that she was a woman he met in the Navy, that she was the love of his life, and regrets decisions he made in his youth to let her go. Dylan realizes how he feels about Jamie and after a talk with his friend and coworker, Tommy (Woody Harrelson), decides to go after her. He calls Jamies mother to set up an excuse to get Jamie to go to Grand Central Station thinking she will be picking her mother up and arranges to have another flash mob scene set up to surprise Jamie at Grand Central. When the moment comes he catches up with Jamie and tells her how he really feels. Surprised and happy by this turn of events Jamie tells him to kiss her. After sharing a kiss Dylan suggests it is time they go on their first real date. They go to the caf across the street, and although they attempt to keep the date casual and relaxed, the film ends with them in a sensual embrace and passionate kiss.
tt2105044
Horror,Thriller
Tape 56/Main Story Arc The film is an anthology of several stories, all of which feature "found footage". Each individual tape is framed by a story (titled "Tape 56") that follows a team of masked criminals that are sent by an unknown person to retrieve a VHS tape from a seemingly empty house. The movie starts by showing the crew breaking into dilapidated buildings and sexually harassing a young woman while holding back her boyfriend. They are later shown breaking into the house containing the tapes where they find a dead man that had been watching TV. As the team searches for the tape, one member stays behind to view a tape that was already in the VCR of the old man. Between the shorts we are shown brief glimpses of the main arc. In one glimpse it is revealed that the dead man had moved during one of the shorts without the viewer noticing. The team later returns to the room containing the dead man, only to find that the original viewer has disappeared. The leader orders another man to watch the tape as they attempt to find the others. The leader returns later, only to discover that the second viewer has disappeared along with the dead man. He goes downstairs and discovers the decapitated remains of one of his men and is soon chased by the undead old man. The leader manages to make it upstairs where he falls down and is presumably killed by the old man, upon which point the VCR begins to play the final tape. Amateur Night The short follows Shane, Patrick, and Clint, three friends who have rented a hotel room with the intent to have fun and bring women back for sex. Clint wears a pair of glasses with a hidden web cam inside of them to record the encounter. The three go to a local bar where Shane persuades two girls, Lily and Lisa, to return with them to the hotel room. Lily seems nervous, but agrees to go with them. Once there, Shane becomes angry when Lisa passes out before he can have sex with her. Lily seems attracted to Clint, who repeatedly goes to and from the bathroom because of a bad reaction to the drugs and alcohol he had earlier. Patrick attempts to have a threesome with Lily and Shane, but Lily refuses him. Clint returns to the bathroom where Patrick joins him and discovers that Lily has severely bitten Patrick's hand. The two men peek out of the bathroom, and see Lily devour Shane alive. The two try to escape but are stopped by Lily, who kills and eats Patrick. Lily then transforms into a vampire-like creature. Clint makes it out of the room, but breaks his wrist after falling down the stairs. Lily confronts Clint but does not attack him, instead repeating that she likes him. When he does not respond favorably to her affections Lily hides in a corner and cries while Clint escapes. He attempts to ask for help from strangers around the hotel but is stopped by Lily, who has shown her true form as a winged succubus and carries Clint off into the sky. As he is being carried away, his web cam glasses fall to the ground. Second Honeymoon A married couple, Sam and Stephanie, go out to the West for their second honeymoon and rent a hotel room. The couple visit a Wild West themed attraction where Stephanie receives a prediction from a mechanical fortune teller. The prediction says that she will be visited by a loved one. Later that night while at the hotel the couple is visited by a strange woman (the events are not shown on camera) who asks for a ride in the morning. Sam declines her request and the girl leaves later. When Sam and Stephanie go to sleep, an unseen camera wielder enters the room and silently watches them both and even softly touches Stephanie's skin with a switchblade. The person leaves her alone though and steals $100 from Sam's wallet and goes into the bathroom where we can see in the mirror that the person is a woman wearing a mask. She puts Sam's toothbrush in the toilet. The next day, Sam notices his money missing and accuses Stephanie of taking it while they are visiting a canyon. On the final day before they leave, the masked woman comes into the room again and murders Sam in his sleep by stabbing him in the neck. The camera shows the killer and Stephanie kissing in the bathroom, implying that Stephanie planned this with her "loved one" as told in her fortune. The two leave and Stephanie asks the girl if she erased the footage. Tuesday the 17th Four friends, Wendy, Joey, "Spider" and Samantha, visit Wendy's home town. They go to the woods where Wendy leads her friends aimlessly through the trees. As the group continues to film, the footage shows strange glimpses of bodies and Wendy starts telling Joey scary and confusing things. The group rests near a river and smoke marijuana. Joey asks Wendy about what she was saying before. She starts to talk about accidents she had with old friends and a mysterious man but she laughs and everyone believes she is joking. Spider and Samantha get away from the site but Samantha is killed by something unseen. Spider tries to run but is soon killed as well. The bodies are dragged away and Wendy comes and finds the camera and then heads back. When she returns to Joey, she finds that he has just come from swimming in the river and she awkwardly offers him sex. Joey becomes frustrated with Wendy who explains that the others were killed and she only brought them here as bait to bring in the killer, who terrorized her and killed her friends when she was younger. The killer comes again and we see that the person is a silhouette of a man covered by technical glitches (according to Wendy, he has supernatural powers that allow him to teleport and hide his appearance on camera, though we do see that his face is red with what is mostly blood). The man kills Joey by slitting his throat. Wendy runs away and we see that she has previously made traps to stop the killer. The first few traps fail, but she eventually stops him in a spiked trap. Wendy gloats that she has finally caught him and people will believe her now. However, she turns around only to see that the glitch man has escaped. She runs away but falls down and tells the camera and whoever is watching to never come to the area. The killer then pounces on her and guts her with a knife as the film ends. The Sick Thing That Happened to Emily When She Was Younger A woman named Emily and her boyfriend, James, video chat and talk about her apartment being haunted. James does not believe this but recorded scares around the apartment occur. Meanwhile, Emily discovers a strange bump in her arm. She sees visions of young children appearing in the night and she tries to ask her landlord if anyone has ever died in the apartment, thinking the child is a spirit. The landlord denies this and more scares continue to happen. One day Emily wants to go into a room and search with her eyes closed. James guides her and she soon faces two children, a boy and a girl, who attack her. Emily appears unconscious and James quickly enters the room with the children and it is shown that they are working together as James has always been with her in the apartment and he extracts a strange fetus-like thing from her back. With some concern for her well-being, he asks them how many times they are going to need him to remove it before no more grow inside her, as well as the tracking device implanted in her arm. They respond with inaudible whispers; and he prepares to break her arm and bruise her eye to "make it look like a [car] accident again," before noticing that her webcam is still on. He turns it off, and the scene jumps forward to Emily talking to James, with a black eye and her arm in a splint. She tells James how she went to see the doctor he recommended, who "diagnosed" her as having a mild form of schizophrenia, making her believe that the ghosts were all in her head and that she ran in front of a car and does not remember. They hang up, and the video cuts to James talking to a different lady and it is shown he is going to repeat the same process. 10/31/98 Chad, Matt, Tyler and Paul (dressed in Halloween costumes as the Unabomber, a pirate, a nanny cam and a marine, respectively) head out to a Halloween party at a stranger's house but soon find the house deserted. They get in through the back and think the house is actually a haunted attraction. As they search around, the camera comes from Tyler's nanny cam in his bear costume and shows distorted visions of ghosts. The friends hear loud chanting from the attic and interrupt a group of people seemingly assaulting a bound young woman. They think this is a joke at first but soon realize the truth when the leader assaults the woman violently and strange hands emerge from the walls and the cult members are pulled to the ceiling. The guys get downstairs but decide to return and rescue the girl, not realizing they are interrupting an exorcism. Just as they save her, more haunting and disturbing paranormal events prevent them from escaping via the front door. They exit through the basement and get into the car but when they begin to question the woman, she disappears and re-appears besides the window as a demon-like figure. The car starts to move by itself. The friends witness the woman leave into the night and they realize that their car is on the train tracks and that the doors are sealed shut. They attempt to break the windows as they see a train approaching. The final video ends as the friends are killed by the oncoming train. (From Wikipedia)
tt0449467
Drama
A Moroccan merchant sells a rifle to a goatherd, who intends to use it to kill jackals that are attacking his herd. He gives the rifle to his sons, who take potshots at various elements in the environment while herding, checking to see if the rifle shoots as far as the merchant had claimed. Doubtful that a bullet could reach, the younger of the two boys aims at a tour bus nearly 3 kilometers away and takes a shot, not considering what repercussions may ensue. The bus stops, and the boys stare at each other in awe. A Mexican nanny, Amelia (Adriana Barraza), is looking after two American children. They are playing when the phone rings. The man on the other end says that his wife is doing better, and they are going to operate. Someone is flying in to look after the kids. He asks for his son, who tells him about school, then pauses and asks if he is okay. The nanny is loving, and tucks the kids into bed. The next morning, the man calls back, and says that the other person can't make it; the nanny has to stay and look after the kids. The nanny explains that her son's wedding is that night, and she really can't stay. The man is frustrated, tells her she has to stay, and hangs up on her. The nanny tries, but cannot find anyone else to look after the kids, so she packs them up, and takes them to Mexico with her, her nephew driving them. An American couple, Richard (Brad Pitt), and Susan (Cate Blanchett), are sitting at a Moroccan cafe. She is agitated and doesn't want to be there. Richard will not argue. She accuses him of running away. She is crying, and still crying when they are riding a tour bus through the desert. Suddenly she is shot through the window of the bus; the bullet hits her in her shoulder. A deaf-mute Japanese teenager, Chieko (Rinko Kikuchi), loses her temper while playing volleyball at school, and is ejected from the game. The team blames her for their loss. After the game, her father wants to take her out to lunch, but she wants to go out with her friends. He reminds her that she has a dentist appointment later that day. While playing a video game, some cute boys come up to the girls, and try to talk to them, but the girls can't hear, and do not know they are there. When the boys finally realize that the girls are deaf, everyone is embarrassed, and the boys leave them alone. Chieko is very frustrated, and when in the washroom with her friend, decides to take her panties off from under her short private school skirt. She flashes the guys when they return to their table. The boys herding the goats bring them home earlier than usual. Their father arrives, and says that the road is closed. A terrorist has killed an American tourist. The Mexican nephew, Amelia, and the kids have no trouble crossing the border into Mexico. They arrive as everyone is getting ready for the wedding. The kids meet the groom, and go off and play with some Mexican kids. They are taken aback when they witness a chicken getting slaughtered for the wedding feast. Richard and Susan are in a panic as they try to decide where to take Susan, as the nearest hospital is four hours away. A clinic is 90 minutes away, but the tour guide's village is close by, and there is a physician there. They decide to go to the village. The other passengers don't want to stay, but Richard insists. He doesn't want to be left there with no means of transport. He calls the same person who was supposed to look after the kids so the nanny could go to the wedding, and has her call the embassy to arrange help. The village physician arrives. He determines that Susan's spine is fine, but her shoulder bone is shattered. Unless she is stitched up, she will bleed to death. As he sterilizes his needle with a lighter, we learn that he is actually a veterinarian. Susan gets stitched up without anaesthesia. Chieko goes to her dental appointment, and keeps trying to lick the dentist. She then takes his hand, and places it on her crotch. She looks at him longingly, and is clearly frustrated by her inability to communicate. He tells her to leave immediately. When she arrives home, she runs into two police who are looking for her father. They explain that he is not in trouble, but they want to talk to him. Alone in her apartment, Chieko flips through the TV channels. We hear that suspects have been arrested in a Moroccan shooting. Chieko's friend from school arrives, and she tells her that one of the cops -- the young one -- is hot. They head out for the evening pantiless. The two Moroccan boys hide the gun. A brutal police investigator finds some shells on the hill where the bus had stopped. From the fresh goat droppings, he determines it must have been a local. They swarm the house of the original man that sold the gun, who is beaten, and tells the police that he sold the gun to his neighbour, Aboum. The police meet the boys, and ask if they know where Aboum lives. The youngest boy sends them in the wrong direction, and they run home to tell their father. The wedding is underway in Mexico, and the American kids are having a good time. Everyone is dancing and carrying on. Amelia rekindles her passions with an old flame. Back in the Moroccan village, the tourists on the bus are very hot and uncomfortable, and demand to leave. Susan is agitated and in pain. The tour guide's grandmother is helping care for her, and brings out her opium pipe. Susan has three puffs, and relaxes. The grandmother obviously cares for her even though they can't communicate. Susan understands and places her trust in her. The Japanese girls hook up with some friends, including some guys they know who can sign, one of whom has whiskey and ecstasy-like pills. They all have a good time, and head for a disco. Even though Chieko can't hear the music, she gets into the lights and movement. Then she sees her best friend making out with the guy she likes. Angry, she leaves, but is frustrated walking down the street not able to hear anything. When she arrives at her apartment, she asks the doorman to phone the young police officer; she needs to talk to him. The police are back at the gun salesman's farm, and are accusing him of making up the story about selling the gun. His wife shows them a photo of the tourist that gave him the gun: Chieko's father. Aboum and his two sons realize they must leave their farm. They go and get the gun and try to escape, but the police see them walking along the side of a hill. The police draw their guns and open fire. The father and sons hide behind some rocks. The older son tries to run, but is shot in the leg. The younger son grabs the rifle, and shoots one of the police in the shoulder. The wedding is winding down, and the nanny asks her nephew to drive her and the kids home. The groom is concerned that the nephew is drunk, but he insists he is fine. They are harassed at the US border, and told to pull in for secondary inspection. Instead, the nephew takes off in the car, and is chased by a couple of border police cars. He drops the nanny and kids off in the desert, and takes off to lose the police. Richard and the tour guide chat while Susan sleeps in the late afternoon. They tell each other about their children. The police arrive and say that an ambulance was to be dispatched, but was canceled by the American embassy. They were going to send a helicopter, but there are problems with that. While he calls the embassy to figure out what's going on, the bus leaves. The young police officer arrives at Chieko's apartment. She shows him the balcony and explains that it is where she saw her mother jump to her death. Her cell phone flashes, and she returns inside. The police officer admires the father's hunting trophies, and we see the same photo that the gun salesman showed the Morroccan police. The police officer explains that he is not there to investigate the mother's death, but about a rifle that was registered to Chieko's father, explaining that her father is not in trouble. He tries to leave, but Chieko asks him to wait. She steps out of the room, and returns naked. She tries to get him to touch her, and when he refuses, she breaks down. He holds her while she cries. The older son tries to run again, and is shot. The father runs to him while the younger son smashes the rifle. The son runs down to the police, and confesses to shooting the tour bus and the police officer. He says his father and brother did nothing. The father is holding the older brother's lifeless body. It is now the morning after the wedding, and the nanny and children have slept in the desert. A border patrol car drives by, but doesn't see them. The nanny gets the kids up, and they try to find where the car went. She has to carry the daughter, but can't cover enough ground. She tells the kids to wait in a shady spot for her to go and get help. After a long trudge through the desert, she flags down a border patrol car. The agent ignores her pleas to help the children, and instead cuffs her. After some serious pleading, they return to the spot where she left the children, but they are gone. A search is begun with more patrol cars and a helicopter. Susan tells Richard that she peed her pants, and has to go again. Richard borrows a pan, and she uses it to pee in. They promise that they will never leave the kids again, and kiss. We learn that another son of theirs died previously; he simply stopped breathing. This seems to have been the cause of their anxiety. We hear that the helicopter was held up because it was American, and was not allowed into Moroccan airspace. It is now on its way. Chieko apologizes to the police officer, and gives him a lengthy note. An immigration officer berates the nanny, and says the kids could have died from her neglect; she is to be deported. She loves the children, whom she has been caring for since infancy. There is no sign of her nephew. Richard has been notified in Morocco, and is angry, but will not press charges. She is picked up by her son at the border. The younger Moroccan son reminisces about playing with his brother as he is carried away. The helicopter arrives to pick up Susan. Richard tries to give the tour guide some money, but he refuses it. The helicopter takes Susan to a hospital, where press and suits film her arrival. The physician comes out and explains that there has been internal bleeding, and she may lose her arm. Richard phones home and breaks down crying while hearing about his son's day at school. Chieko's father encounters the police officer leaving his building. The police officer asks him if he owned a 270 rifle that he gave to an Moroccan hunting guide. The father confirms that the guide was a good man, and he did give him the rifle. The father is concerned for the guide. The police officer tells him that he spoke with his daughter, and is very sorry to hear about his wife jumping off the balcony. The father gets upset, and tells him that she did not jump; she shot herself in the head, and the daughter was the first person to find her. The police officer says that the police won't be bothering them again, goes to a diner, and pulls out the note to read. We see on the diner's TV that Susan has been discharged from a Casablanca hospital. Her ordeal is over. Chieko's father arrives home and sees the balcony door open, but no sign of the daughter. He finds her standing where she said her mother jumped from. The daughter takes him by the hand, and breaks down crying.
tt1126591
Drama,Music,Musical
In the opening scene, set in a rundown small Iowa town in the middle of nowhere, Ali Rose (Christina Aguilera) is a young waitress working in a seedy restaurant. Frustrated by her sexist boss's refusal to pay her, she packs up her belongings and performs "Something's Got A Hold On Me", shortly followed by her journey to Los Angeles to begin a new life for herself as a professional singer. Once in Los Angeles, Ali begins searching for places to audition, failing at every attempt. Walking during the night, she follows the sound of music into a building, having unknowingly arrived at a Burlesque club, where Tess (Cher) and the dancers perform "Welcome to Burlesque." Once inside, Ali meets Jack (Cam Gigandet) one of the bartenders, as well as the ticket till guy Alexis (Alan Cumming). Intrigued by the exotic dances, Ali decides to pursue a career on stage. Jack refers her to Tess for an audition, in which Ali is rejected instantly and ushered out by Sean (Stanley Tucci) the costumer for the dancers. Instead of leaving, Ali begins serving customers at the club as a waitress, while Tess and Sean observe with Jack asking Tess to give Ali a chance. Tess reluctantly hires Ali to work as a waitress. After returning to her apartment after work a few days later, Ali finds it in disarray having been broken into and that her money and all her belongings have been stolen. She shows up at Jack's apartment in the pouring rain and he agrees to let her stay with him for a few nights. One night at the club, Ali, attempts to talk to Tess and tell her she finds lip-synching limiting, but Ali is told that the customers prefer it that way. When one of the dancers, Georgia (Julianne Hough) becomes pregnant, auditions are held to replace her. Ali begins her audition when everyone leaves, and after performing to "Wagon Wheel Watusi", persuades Tess to allow her to become one of the club's dancers, much to the lead dancer Nikki's (Kristen Bell) annoyance. When Nikki appears drunk, Tess orders Ali to take her place. Behind the scenes, Tess argues with Marcus (Eric Dane), a businessman who has placed a bid on the club. Tess refuses to sell it to Marcus despite the pleas of her ex-husband Vince Scali (Peter Gallagher) who co-manages the club with her. Nikki is mad that Ali took her place so in the middle of her performance, she cuts off the sound. Sean immediately tries to lower the curtain. However, Ali begins to sing the song live, and the curtain is again raised. Everyone is impressed by her beautiful, strong voice. Excited, Tess announces that she will create a new show around the new lead singer and dancer, Ali. Sean, impressed by Ali, tells Jack that he should make a move on Ali before it's too late. Despite the club's growing success, Tess is still unable to pay up her debts to the bank. One night after the club closes, Tess, worried with the club's economic prospects, sings "You Haven't Seen the Last of Me". In the parking lot, a very jealous Nikki shows up drunk and picks a fight with Tess, calling Ali a "slut with mutant lungs." Tess, who has grown frustrated with Nikki, questions her gratitude for the help she has received. Angered, Nikki falsely confesses that she slept with Vince after his and Tess' honeymoon, and the altercation ends when Tess angrily retaliates by smashing the passenger side window on Nikki's convertible with a crowbar. Tensions arise between Ali and Jack as Marcus grows increasingly infatuated with her (Ali), making Jack, who is already engaged to another woman living in New York, jealous. At Georgia's wedding, Jack appears to call off his engagement, getting drunk. That night, Ali and Jack sleep together, but the following morning Jack's fiancee Natalie (Dianna Agron), a stage actress, returns unexpectedly from her play in New York and tells Ali that the engagement is still intact and that Jack had stated that nothing was going on between him and Ali, not even physical attraction ("she's not even that pretty!"). Feeling heartbroken and betrayed, Ali leaves the apartment. While spending time with Marcus, Ali finds out about air rights which refer to the empty space above a building and what can be done with it. She tells Tess everything and they devise a plan to reveal Marcus' intent to build a skyscraper where Tess' club is, destroying the ocean views of another building contractor. The contractor buys the air rights above the club to keep them clear and unobstructed for his million-dollar condos and the resulting money is enough for Tess to buy out Vince's share. In the final scene Ali, having reunited with Jack, performs on stage the song "Show Me How You Burlesque" with all of the dancers, a song which Jack wrote and finally finished.
tt1656190
Action,Crime,Thriller
A young Chinese girl has vital weapons of mass destruction science secrets both the Chinese Mafia and also the Russian Mafiz desire to obtain and use to blackmail world governments. The girl meets up with a "Soldier of Fortune" (Jason Statham) and he protects her from abduction and murder by the Russian and Chinese Mafia agents in the USA, both of which compete to find the girl and get the secrets she possesses so they can use these secrets to blackmail world governments. The plot of the movie depicts the young Chinese girl meeting up with the Soldier Of Fortune protagaonist and then shows the two of them fleeing to various locations (including large hotels and a large gambling casino) in big cities (New York City and Philadelphia) in the east coast area of the USA. Many confrontations, fights, and firearm battles and near climaxes occur as the hero and the young girl he protects attempt to stay alive and avoid the Chinese and Russian Mafia gangsters who chase them.
tt1862079
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Darius Britt (Aubrey Plaza) is a disillusioned college graduate who lives at home with her widower father (Jeff Garlin) and interns at a Seattle magazine. One of the magazine's writers, Jeff Schwensen (Jake M. Johnson), proposes to investigate a newspaper classified ad that reads: "Wanted: Somebody to go back in time with me. This is not a joke. You'll get paid after we get back. Must bring your own weapons. I have only done this once before. Safety not guaranteed." Jeff's story idea is approved by his boss, Bridget (Mary Lynn Rajskub). Jeff selects Darius and Arnau (Karan Soni), a studious Biology major interning at the magazine to diversify his resume, to assist him. They travel to the seaside community of Ocean View, Washington, to find and profile the person behind the ad. Jeff later reveals an ulterior motive for this assignment - to track down a long-lost love interest who lives in the beach community. Darius discovers that the person behind the ad is Kenneth Calloway (Mark Duplass) who works as a stock clerk at a local grocery store. Jeff's attempt to contact Kenneth alienates him, so he orders Darius to make contact. Darius's disaffected attitude serves her well, and she quickly endears herself to Kenneth as she poses as a candidate to accompany him on his mission. While Kenneth is paranoid and believes that "secret agents" are tracking his every move, Darius gains his trust as she participates in a series of training exercises in the woods around his house, and begins to develop feelings for him. She tells Kenneth about the death of her mother when she was young, and that her mission is to prevent it. Kenneth says his mission is to go back to 2001 and prevent the death of his old girlfriend Belinda who was killed when someone drove a car into her house. Meanwhile, Jeff tracks down Liz (Jenica Bergere), his fling from his teenage years, and though she does not embody his fond youthful memories, they reconnect. He asks her to move to Seattle, but she believes that this is just another fling for Jeff, so she refuses. Upset by her rejection, Jeff takes Arnau out on the town and they pick up some comely young women. Jeff tells Arnau to not waste his youth and convinces him to spend the night with one of the young women. The next morning, Jeff learns from Bridget, who has been following the notes on the story, that Belinda (Kristen Bell) is still alive. Darius goes to interview her. Belinda says that she was only friends with Kenneth, and that Kenneth had driven into her then-boyfriend's house but no one was injured. After the interview, Darius is questioned by two government agents who have been following Kenneth and believe that he may be a spy because of his communications with government scientists. Darius returns to Kenneth's house to confront him about Belinda. Kenneth claims that if Belinda is alive then his time traveling worked. Jeff then comes in to warn that the government agents are also on the property. Kenneth panics and runs into the woods. Darius follows him, and finds Kenneth on a boat with his time machine. Darius apologizes for lying to Kenneth and tells him everything else they shared was real. Darius joins him on the boat. Kenneth tells Darius that the mission has changed, saying that he now wants to go back for her. As Jeff, Arnau, and the two government agents watch, Kenneth activates his time machine and the boat disappears.
tt1022603
Comedy,Drama,Romance
(500) Days of Summer is presented in a non-chronological format, each scene being introduced by which of the 500 days it is. The plot as given here has been rearranged in chronological order. It is important to note cinematographically that the film opens with day 488, the scene where Tom and Summer are seated at a bench and the audience sees Summer's ringed finger as the two hold hands. Tom (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) works at a greeting card company as a card writer. He has a few friends and is seemingly happy with his life. One day at a meeting, Tom's boss (Clark Gregg) introduces the board room to Summer (Zooey Deschanel), his new assistant. He is immediately taken by Summer's beauty. Tom talks to his friends about how much he likes Summer. While at first he plays things cool, he is convinced she is "the one" after an exchange in the elevator over their mutual love of the Smiths. He spends two weeks pining over her and executing awkward attempts to initiate conversation, but can't hit a chord. An opportunity arises when Tom's best friend tells him that the entire office is going to a karaoke bar the following evening. Tom arrives at the bar as his best friend is singing. He sees Summer and she seems happy to see him. Summer goes up and sings while Tom drinks with his friend and watches Summer. Summer then gets Tom a little drunk and has him sing karaoke. Afterwards, the three sit together and talk about relationships and love, during which Tom and Summer argue over whether or not love is real, with Summer saying it isn't while Tom says it is. The two agree to disagree. While helping Tom's friend to a cab, Tom's friend blurts out that Tom likes Summer and the two are left on the sidewalk. Summer asks if it is true and Tom, after some coaxing from Summer, says that he likes her (but adds "as friends"). Summer calls him "very interesting" and leaves Tom standing there on the sidewalk. The next day at work, she kisses him in the copy room. Once Summer's copies are finished, she simply ignores Tom and leaves the copy room. Summer and Tom go out and have fun in the city. As they spend more time together, they become closer. Summer shares her most intimate thoughts and stories with him, while Tom takes her to his favorite spot in the city and tells her about how he was studying to become an architect before he ran out of money and was forced to work for the Card Company to sustain himself. As the two walk around Ikea, they joke about living as a married couple in the store's demonstration rooms, but as they're about to kiss on a bed in a store, Summer makes it clear that she isn't looking for anything serious. They return to Tom's bedroom and start to make out on his bed. He goes into the bathroom and convinces himself that it's just casual fun, reminding himself to just take it slow. As he walks out, however, he sees her lying naked on the bed. They presumably make love, although it is never shown. He walks out the next morning, dancing and upbeat. He's in love with Summer and on top of the world. After a singing and dancing scene, Tom arrives at work and starts suggesting high quality slogans for cards, all the while thinking of Summer. Things go well for a few weeks. However, one night in a bar, a random guy starts hitting on Summer. She makes it clear she isn't interested, but he won't believe she's with Tom. After taking some more insults, Tom stands up and punches the guy. He awkwardly smiles at Summer before the guy gets up and beats him down. She takes Tom to her apartment and yells at him since she thought he was not acting cool at all and did it for his own sense of self. Tom starts fighting back. He yells that everything they are doing isn't a friendship, and that even though she doesn't want to label things, he thinks that they're in a relationship because Summer isn't the only one who gets a say. He storms out. The two go to bed. Tom contemplates calling her, but doesn't. She comes to his apartment and apologizes. The two have a heart to heart and share their past relationships. She tells him about her bisexual experience, her first relationship and her relationship with "The Puma". The two seem happy. Weeks pass. Summer and Tom go out and see a film. She starts crying as she sees the ending of The Graduate, as Dustin Hoffman and Katharine Ross escape a wedding and their looks of joy and excitement slowly vanish. Summer tells Tom that she's exhausted and wants to sleep, but Tom convinces her to go get pancakes with him. Whilst waiting for their order, Summer blurts out that she thinks they should stop seeing each other. Tom is taken aback and asks why if they were so happy. Summer says that she isn't happy. As the pancakes arrive, Tom stands up and leaves. Summer tells him not to leave because he is still her best friend. Tom's friends call his little sister, Rachel, who bikes to his apartment. Tom is upset and she makes him explain what happened. He recounts the break up. He is adamant that he doesn't want to get over her, but get her back. His depression worsens and begins to affect his work. His boss calls him in and he asks if Tom's performance is related to Summer leaving. Tom tries to play it off, but his boss tells him that everyone knows. It is made clear that Summer also quit her job at the card company. Months pass. One of Tom's co-workers is getting married. He takes the train to go to the wedding and sees Summer on the way to his seat. He tries to hide, but she sees him and approaches. They talk and go get a coffee. The entire weekend is spent together. At the wedding, he asks her to dance and they have a very romantic night together. She invites Tom to a party on at her place. Tom is hopeful. Tom's expectations for the night are to make his dreams a reality. However, as he arrives at the party, the differences between his dream night and that night are hauntingly apparent. He barely talks to Summer and finds comfort with the bottle. He then sees Summer showing off her ring and her fiance. Tom loses it. He leaves without a word, angry and hurt that Summer would treat him like this. Tom spends the next 2 days in a catatonic state. He leaves the apartment once to buy orange juice, Twinkies and Jack Daniel's. He eventually returns to work, just in time for the weekly presentations. His best friend reminds him that today is the day they present their pitches for new cards. Halfway through the presentation, Tom decides that his beliefs of love, fate, and relationships were wrong. He gives the board a passionate speech about how their company is comfortable feeding people lies and that they are the reason people have such unrealistic expectations. He quits and leaves. The board is left stunned as his best friend awkwardly claps at his friend's departure. Tom is seen struggling with his depression. He slowly begins to take steps to help himself. Rachel tells him that he should take a second look at Summer and Tom's relationship and stop ignoring the bad. He realizes that there was always something Summer was holding back and kept her from truly being "in" the relationship. He begins to take up architecture again. He trashes his apartment and begins drawing on the walls and designing. He slowly builds up a portfolio and makes a list of firms to present his work at. One by one he is rejected. Once the firms dwindle to a handful, Tom begins to lose hope. Tom goes to the bench at his favorite part of the city. He's gazing down at some of the buildings when Summer calls out to him. She compliments his looks and tells him she knows he's angry. She also tells him that she's happy to see he's doing alright. Tom confesses that he now realizes that all his ideas about love were wrong. Summer points out that they weren't. The girl who didn't want to be anyone's girlfriend was now someone's wife. She tells him that with her husband, she knew what she was never sure of with Tom: that she was in love with him and wanted to spend the rest of her life with him. She also tells Tom that if there's no destiny, she might have easily never randomly met him in a deli. She tells Tom he was right, but just not about her. She holds his hand and squeezes before telling him that she needs to go. Tom tells her he's happy that she's happy, but makes a point not to congratulate her on her marriage. She smiles and leaves Tom. Tom is on his way to a job interview. As he sits there, waiting to be interviewed, a girl across the waiting room calls out to him and asks if they've met. She tells him that she's seen him sitting on a bench in Tom's favorite spot, which is coincidentally her favorite spot as well. Tom says he's never seen her before, so she replies he probably was not looking. Tom jokes that since she's the competition he hopes she doesn't get the job. She returns the wish. The interviewer calls Tom in, but as he's walking he turns back and asks the girl to get some coffee afterwards. She tells him that she is meeting someone. However, as Tom turns around, she agrees and says they'll work it out. Tom smiles and introduces himself. She smiles and introduces herself. Her name is Autumn. Then, on the screen, it reads "Day 1", signifying that this is the first day of his relationship with Autumn.
tt0087538
Action,Drama,Family
Daniel Larusso (Ralph Macchio) is a teenager who moves from New Jersey to Los Angeles after his widowed mother, Lucille (Randee Heller), gets a new job. Daniel is unhappy at having to move, make new friends and leave his old friends behind, but he promises Lucille he'll do his best to make a new life in California. Daniel quickly makes a new friend, Freddy Fernandez (Israel Juarbe) at the apartment complex. When the faucet at their new apartment breaks, Daniel goes to see the maintenance man, Kesuke Miyagi (Pat Morita), who is attempting to catch a fly with chopsticks. He seems annoyed at being interrupted but assures he will get to them in due time. Freddy invites Daniel to a beach party where he spots a beautiful blonde named Ali Mills (Elisabeth Shue). As the sun goes down, local troublemaker Johnny Lawrence (William Zabka) and his flunkies, Tommy (Rob Garrison) and Bobby (Ron Thomas), crash the party on their motorcycles. After menacingly circling around their bonfire a few times, Johnny dismounts and argues with Ali, revealed to be his ex-girlfriend. He destroys her stereo, prompting Daniel to stand up to him. Johnny quickly reveals that he knows martial arts, and he easily beats up Daniel, giving him a black eye. Daniel is humiliated and refuses Ali's help when she seems concerned. He attempts to hide the eye injury from Lucille by wearing sunglasses to school; when this fails, he lies and tells her that he fell off his bicycle. Daniel receives further humiliation during the soccer tryouts at his new school, when Bobby slide tackles Daniel, prompting Daniel to tackle him and land a punch to his face, which gets him expelled from the field. Although Daniel has some basic knowledge of martial arts via some YMCA self-defense classes, he decides he needs a refresher. While he exercises, Miyagi comes in to fix the sink and comments on Daniel's attempts to learn from a book. He also inquires how Daniel could fall off a bicycle without sustaining any injuries to his arm. When Daniel meets Lucille for lunch he notices a karate school, the Cobra Kai dojo, across the street from the restaurant, and decides to check it out after Lucille returns to work. The dojo's sensei, an ex-Special Forces Vietnam Veteran by the name of John Kreese (Martin Kove), runs the dojo like a boot camp, instilling his students with a Draconian philosophy he refers to as the Way of the Fist, which emphasizes ruthlessness and ferocity. When he sees Johnny, Tommy, and Bobby among Kreese's students, he nervously leaves. While riding home that night on his bike, Johnny and his friends sideswipe Daniel on their motorbikes, causing him to fall down a hill. Daniel is mildly injured but more scared and humiliated. Arriving back at home, Lucille sees him tossing his wrecked bike in a dumpster. Daniel, angry at how his life has been disrupted with the move, tells his mother he wants to move back to New Jersey. As they walk away, Miyagi emerges from his workshop, having heard their conversation. The next day, Daniel finds his bike out of the dumpster and repaired. He goes to Miyagi's workshop and finds out that the maintenance man had repaired it for him. Miyagi is also pruning bonsai trees and invites Daniel to try it. Daniel is resistant but Miyagi convinces him that it's a relaxing hobby. Miyagi also shares some of his own personal history with Daniel: he learned about pruning bonsai trees from this father while living in his home country of Okinawa. Ali and Daniel both decorate the school gymnasium for an upcoming Halloween dance. Daniel, however, chooses not to attend; when Miyagi asks him why, Daniel says he doesn't have a costume. Miyagi also senses that Daniel lacks confidence in himself, and fashions a costume for Daniel consisting of a shower head and curtain. Daniel arrives at the school and meets with Ali, dancing briefly with her. A prankster at the dance smashes a raw egg on Daniel's head and he goes to the bathroom to clean up. Johnny is in one of the stalls, dressed like a skeleton (the other Cobra Kai are as well) and rolling marijuana joints. Daniel rigs a prank, dangling a hose over Johnny and turning on the water, dousing his enemy. Johnny rushes out of the bathroom after Daniel. Ali briefly stalls them by tripping Johnny and spilling all the other Cobra Kais to the floor. Daniel rushes out of the school and nearly makes it over the fence at his home when the Kais catch him and begin to beat him seriously. Yelling about how enemies deserve "no mercy", Johnny winds up for a brutal kick and misses when Miyagi appears and pushes Daniel out of the way. The Kais attack Miyagi, who easily defeats them, including Johnny. Leaving them all on the ground and writhing in pain, Miyagi takes Daniel to his workshop and places a medicinal bandanna on his head and gives him strong tea to drink. Daniel is amazed that an older man is skilled in karate and asks Miyagi to teach him. Miyagi mentions that the Kais' problem is not their own doing but must be their teacher's. Miyagi suggests that Daniel talk to their teacher; Daniel refuses, thinking he'll be beaten again. Miyagi is reluctant to get involved but agrees to teach Daniel and also agrees to go with him to the Kais dojo and speak with their instructor. At the Cobra Kai dojo the next day, Daniel and Miyagi watch as Kreese lectures his students that an opponent is also the enemy and deserves no mercy. When Johnny notices that Daniel and Miyagi are in the room, Kreese interrupts his class and confronts the visitors. Kreese scornfully dismisses Miyagi's request that his students leave Daniel alone and orders Daniel to fight Johnny immediately. Miyagi wants the odds to be more even for Daniel and suggests that Daniel and the Kais match up at the All-Valley Karate tournament a few weeks from then. Kreese likes the challenge and agrees. Kreese also agrees to order his students not to touch Daniel until then, but warns that if Daniel does not show up at the tournament, the harassment will be allowed to resume, which will then include Miyagi. Miyagi takes Daniel to his home to begin his training. Out in front of the house are a dozen classic American cars. Miyagi tells Daniel that they'll have to make a pact: Miyagi will instruct Daniel and his student will not question his method. When Daniel agrees, Miyagi hands Daniel a sponge and orders him to wash and wax all the cars. Miyagi's instructions are very specific; Daniel will only use the sponge and waxing cloths by moving his hands and arms in wide circles. He will also breathe deeply, in through his nose & out through his mouth. In the weeks that follow, Miyagi gives Daniel further chores to complete with similar instructions on technique: sanding a walkway that leads around Miyagi's backyard (landscaped to be a Japanese garden), staining the fence that surrounds his property and painting his house. With each new chore, Daniel's frustration grows at the seeming lack of any karate training and Miyagi's minimal praise of his work. One night, after finishing the painting of Miyagi's house, Daniel expresses his frustration to his teacher. Miyagi tells Daniel to show him how he washed and polished the cars. When Daniel tells him his shoulder aches too much, Miyagi uses acupressure to relieve the tension and orders Daniel to show him the motions he'd been using to do the chores. Daniel quickly realizes that the chores (which are essentially Daniel's "fee" for the lessons) were also practice for defensive moves, exercises to build muscle tone, his reflexes and proper breathing technique. After a few minutes of practice, Miyagi suddenly yells and throws several punches and kicks at Daniel, all of which Daniel blocks easily. Miyagi also shows Daniel how to bow to his opponent, making sure Daniel looks his opponent in the eye, both for defense and to convey respect. Daniel goes on his first official date with Ali. When he arrives, driven by Lucille, at Ali's house, he finds that her parents are quite wealthy and live in Beverly Hills. Daniel is incredibly nervous and embarrassed, especially when Lucille's car won't start and they have to push-start it. However, the date with Ali is enjoyable and his embarrassment melts. In the weeks that follow, Miyagi has Daniel work on his defensive techniques and learn physical balance by standing on the beach and trying to stay upright against the large strong waves of the ocean. When Daniel comes out of the water, he sees Miyagi standing on a post down the beach. Miyagi is practicing a move where he lifts his arms and one leg, but kicks with the other. When Daniel asks him what the move is Miyagi calls it the "crane technique" saying that if it's performed properly, an opponent will have no defense. Back at Miyagi's pickup truck, there are a couple of drunken men who have placed their empty beer bottles on the fender. Miyagi politely asks them to take them off. When the men refuse and insult Miyagi's Japanese heritage, Miyagi suddenly chops the tops of the bottles with a slice of his bare hand. The men quickly remove the bottles. Ali asks Daniel to meet her for another date. Daniel goes to Ali's parents country club where he sees Ali dancing with Johnny. When Johnny spots Daniel, he forces Ali to kiss him. Daniel, ashamed, goes to leave and runs into a waiter, who spills a tray of food on him, drawing laughter from everyone who sees the accident. Ali, furious, punches Johnny and leaves, which Daniel does not see happen. Later that night, at Miyagi's house, Daniel finds him drunk and dressed in an Army sergeant's uniform. Miyagi shows Daniel a picture of his late wife and has Daniel drink a toast with him. After a few minutes, Miyagi passes out in his bed and Daniel covers him with a blanket. Daniel finds an Army document stating that Miyagi's wife and child had died during birth at the Manzanar relocation camp for Japanese Americans in California. Daniel also discovers that Miyagi is a war hero, having been awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor. Before leaving, Daniel bows to his teacher. More time passes and Daniel continues to train, often alone. He also practices Miyagi's crane kick at the beach. Miyagi also teaches Daniel how to punch, harshly reprimanding Daniel when the boy begins to goof off. Daniel's 16th birthday comes around and he has cake and ice cream with Miyagi. He has also passed his driver's test. Miyagi gives Daniel a Japanese robe with an embroidered bonsai tree sewn into the back. Miyagi's other present is one of the cars he had Daniel wash and wax, a yellow 1948 Ford Super Deluxe. He tells Daniel to go out and find the "balance" in his life; realizing that he has confidence and to pursue his relationship with Ali. Daniel drives to a local hangout and finds Ali, intending to confront her about kissing Johnny. She mostly ignores him until Ali's friend Susan explains that Johnny had kissed her only to humiliate Daniel and that Ali had hurt her wrist while punching Johnny for that affront. Daniel apologizes to Ali and she accepts. He takes her out for a drive in his new car. On the day of the tournament, Ali and Lucille join him. At the registration desk the official asks what degree of belt Daniel has attained. Miyagi tells the official that Daniel is a black belt and slyly steals the official's belt from his bag sitting beside the desk, giving it to Ali. In the locker room while dressing, Daniel is confronted by some of the Cobra Kais led by Dutch, one of Kreese's top-ranking students,. One of the referees orders the Kais out. In the tourney ring, Daniel squares off and beats his first opponent. He continues to advance, much to his own surprise. In the higher rounds, Daniel faces off against some of the Cobra Kais. When Daniel defeats Tommy and Dutch, Kreese orders Bobby to use an illegal kick to deliberately injure Daniel's knee, taking him out of the competition. Though disgusted, Bobby complies, severely injuring Daniel and getting disqualified in the process. Daniel is taken to the locker room where a medic tells him he won't be able to finish the competition. Daniel is devastated, but Ali, Lucille, and Miyagi all tell him that he made his point, and further fighting isn't necessary. However, after both women have left, Daniel asks Miyagi to use acupressure to fix his knee, like he did for his shoulder during training. Though Miyagi initially reiterates Lucille's comments that Daniel has nothing left to prove, Daniel insists he will never be able to achieve his life's balance if he knows his tormentors have gotten the best of him. Miyagi agrees and partially heals Daniel's leg. Daniel returns to the ring moments before Johnny is about to be named winner by default. Needing three contact points to win, both square off and after several tense rounds the score is tied at two each. Daniel tries a high kick which is caught by Johnny, who, under orders from Kreese, plants an elbow in Daniel's injured knee. Daniel, despite being in pain, is undeterred and lines up for the final round. He takes up the crane technique pose and with an approving look from Miyagi, waits for Johnny to make his move. Daniel kicks out with his leg and connects with Johnny's chin, scoring a third point and winning the match and title. As he's carried around on the shoulders of the other competitors, Johnny congratulates him and hands him the championship trophy. Daniel celebrates his triumph and sees Miyagi nearly smiling.
tt0074860
Crime,Thriller
Thomas "Babe" Levy (Dustin Hoffman) is a history Ph.D. candidate and avid marathon runner researching the same field as his father, who committed suicide after being investigated in the Communist witch hunts of the Joseph McCarthy era. Babe's brother, Henry James Levy (Roy Scheider), known only as "Doc", poses as an oil company executive but in fact is a U.S. government agent working for a secret agency headed up by Director Peter Janeway (William Devane). Babe is not aware of his brother's true occupation. Doc is often supposedly out of the country on business for extended periods of time but comes to New York under the guise of a visit to Babe. The brother of a Nazi war criminal possesses a safety deposit box key, but is killed in a traffic accident (after a road rage altercation with a short tempered middle-aged Jewish American motorist). Doc suspects that the criminal, Dr. Christian Szell (Laurence Olivier) will be arriving to retrieve an extremely valuable diamond collection. Szell later sends a burly assassin named Chen (James Wing Woo) to kill Doc in his Paris hotel room, but Doc fights the hit man and breaks his back. Babe enters into a relationship with a young woman named Elsa Opel (Marthe Keller), who claims to be from Switzerland. One night while out on a date Elsa and Babe are mugged in a park by two men dressed in suits. Some time later, Doc takes the couple to lunch, where he tricks Elsa into revealing that she has been lying to Babe about her background. Though Doc suspects she may have some connection to Szell, he tells Babe only that she is seeking an American husband so that she can become a U.S. citizen. After Szell arrives in America, Doc meets him to tell the former Nazi he is not welcome in the country, and also to warn Szell to stay away from Babe. Szell casually accepts the pronouncement, but then swiftly knifes Doc, wounding him severely. Doc is able to make it back to his brother's apartment, but collapses and dies in Babe's arms without telling him anything. The police interrogate Babe for hours, until government agents led by Peter Janeway arrive. Janeway asks Babe what Doc told him before he died, and informs Babe of his brother's career as a U.S. government agent. Babe insists that his brother did not tell him anything, but Janeway feels that Doc struggled all the way to Babe's apartment to give him vital information of some kind. Babe is later abducted from his apartment by Szell's subordinates, Karl and Erhardt (the two men from the park). In an infamous sequence, Babe is tortured by Szell, a skilled dentist, who repeatedly asks "Is it safe?" Confused by the question code phrase he does not understand, Babe denies any knowledge, but is tortured. The dentist offers him oil of cloves, an anesthetic, as positive inducement to cooperate. Eventually, Babe loses consciousness and Szell pauses his torture. Babe is then rescued by Janeway, who apparently kills Szell's bodyguards and takes Babe from Szell's hideout. As he drives, Janeway explains that Szell is in America to sell off his large cache of diamonds, which he had taken from Jews he had exterminated at Auschwitz during World War II. Janeway continually presses Babe about Doc's dying words, but Babe again insists he knows nothing. Frustrated, Janeway reveals himself as a double agent working with the Nazi criminal all along, and he turns Babe over to Karl and Erhardt (Janeway had only faked killing them). As it turns out, Szell is one of Janeway's highest level informants, and had informed on other Nazi war criminals in return for immunity. Delivered back into Szell's hands, the Nazi criminal has a curiously kindly conversation with Babe before calmly explaining why he is holding Babe for questioning. Szell suspected that Doc would attempt to rob him of his diamonds, or rat on him to authorities; thus his desire to know if it's "safe" to withdraw the diamonds, i.e., whether Doc told Babe any incriminating information. Still unable to extract anything from Babe, he proceeds to drill into one of Babe's healthy teeth. Babe eventually escapes again, this time on his own, with Janeway and Szell's two henchmen giving chase in a car. Though exhausted and barefoot, he is able to outrun his pursuers in part by remembering famed "marathon man" Abebe Bikila, who ran barefoot. After inviting a neighborhood acquaintance and his toughs to break into his apartment and steal his pistol (the same pistol his father used to commit suicide), Babe phones Elsa, who agrees to meet him with a car. She drives him to a country home as a hideout. Babe guesses that she has set him up; she confesses that Szell's dead brother owned the home, and that she was one of Szell's couriers. Janeway and Szell's men arrive, but Babe avoids an ambush by taking Elsa hostage. In another twist, Janeway kills Szell's men and offers to let Babe kill Szell in revenge for Doc's death if Janeway can have the diamonds. Babe agrees, but as he leaves to find Szell, Janeway attempts to shoot Babe, but kills Elsa instead when she tries to alert Babe. Angered, Babe guns down Janeway. Back in New York, Szell attempts to determine the value of his diamonds. However, he chooses an appraiser in the Diamond District in midtown Manhattan, where many of the shop owners are Jewish. A shop assistant who is also an Auschwitz survivor believes he has recognized Szell as a wanted Nazi criminal. After Szell hurriedly leaves the shop, an elderly Jewish woman also recognizes him, but passersby think she is senile. Trying to cross the street to get closer to Szell in order to expose him she is hit by a taxi, causing a crowd to assemble to aid her. Amidst the confusion, the shop assistant appears again, directly confronting Szell. Becoming increasingly paranoid, Szell slits the man's throat with a retractable blade concealed in his sleeve. Szell retrieves his diamonds from the bank, but is taken hostage by Babe as he attempts to leave, who inconspicuously forces him into Central Park and into one of the pump rooms at the south end of the Reservoir. Babe holds Szell at gunpoint on a scaffold and seizes the diamonds; rather than kill Szell, Babe informs him that he will allow Szell to live and keep as many diamonds as he can swallow. Szell initially refuses, prompting Babe to begin throwing the diamonds into the water below them. Szell relents and swallows one diamond, but then refuses to cooperate further. Szell goes on to insult Babe, and after he spits in Babe's face a fight erupts in which Szell tries to stab Babe. Babe throws the remainder of the diamonds down the scaffold steps towards the water; Szell dives for them, but stumbles, and fatally falls on his own knife blade. Picking up his gun, Babe exits the pump room and heads out into Central Park. Stopping by the Reservoir, he throws the gun into the water.
tt1615147
Drama,Thriller
Junior employees Seth Bregman (Penn Badgley) and Peter Sullivan (Zachary Quinto) and senior trader Will Emerson (Paul Bettany) watch as a human resources team conducts mass layoffs on their trading floor. One of the fired employees is Eric Dale (Stanley Tucci), who works in risk management. Before leaving, Dale gives Peter a USB drive with a project he had been working on, telling him to "be careful." That night, Peter finishes the project, and discovers that trading will soon exceed the historical volatility levels used by the firm to calculate risk. Because of overleverage, if the firm's assets (in mortgage backed securities) decrease by 25%, the firm will owe more than its market capitalization. Sullivan alerts Emerson, who calls head of trading Sam Rogers (Kevin Spacey). The employees remain at the firm all night for a series of meetings with more senior executives, including Jared Cohen (Simon Baker) and head of risk Sarah Robertson (Demi Moore), and finally CEO John Tuld (Jeremy Irons). Tuld reveals that his plan is simply to sell off all of the toxic assets before the market can react to the news of their worthlessness, thereby limiting the firm's exposure. Rogers knows this will spread the risk throughout the financial sector and will destroy the firm's relationships with its counterparties, who will never trust them again. The characters finally locate Dale, who had been missing after his company phone was turned off. Meanwhile, it is revealed that Rogers, Robertson, Cohen, and Tuld were somewhat aware of the risks. Tuld plans to offer Robertson's resignation to the board and employees as a sacrificial lamb. Before the markets open, Rogers tells his traders they will receive seven figure bonuses if they achieve a 93% reduction in certain MBS asset classes. He admits that the traders are effectively destroying their own jobs and careers, severing relationships with their clients. Meanwhile, Robertson and Dale sit in an office, being paid handsomely to do nothing. Emerson manages to sell off his assets, but his counterparties become increasingly agitated and suspicious, and the day wears on. Having successfully reached the 93% benchmark, Rogers watches the same human resources team begin another round of layoffs on his floor. He confronts Tuld, who remarks that the current crisis is really no different from any other, and sharp gains and losses are simply part of the game. He wants Rogers to stay at the firm for another two years, stating that there will be a lot of money to be made from the coming crisis. Rogers sees Sullivan meeting with Cohen about his imminent promotion. In the final scene, Rogers digs a hole in his front yard to bury his dog who died of cancer in reference to Tuld's comment that he could have been digging holes for his life.
tt0103064
Action,Sci-Fi
Scenes described in red text appear only in the Special Edition. The movie opens with shots of traffic and children in playgrounds. The sounds of children's voices die out, followed by a flash-forward to Los Angeles in 2029 AD. The world has become a wasteland of wrecked cars, destroyed buildings, and black-charred playgrounds filled with skeletons and skulls. The voice of Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) narrates: "3 billion human lives ended on August 29th, 1997. The survivors of the nuclear fire called the war Judgment Day. They only lived to face a new nightmare: the war against the machines." The foot of a metallic android smashes a skull on the ground. A battle starts between human guerrilla troops and a technically far superior robotic army. Crushing skulls beneath their tracks, robotic tanks open a full-frontal assault on the humans, who are trained to make use of what shelter the ruined terrain offers them. Flying aircraft search the ground for targets as T-800 androids sweep the terrain at places the tanks cannot access. Although they suffer heavy losses, the humans manage to destroy several tanks, aircraft and androids. They even use old cars as crude assault vehicles, but the machines' laser cannons are accurate and unrelenting. John Connor is saluted by his soldiers as he walks through a crumbling hallway and inspects the battlefield from a safe distance. The camera zooms in on his scarred face as Sarah's voice-over continues: "Skynet, the computer that controlled the machines, sent two terminators back through time. Their mission: to destroy the leader of the human resistance: John Connor, my son. The first Terminator was programmed to strike at me in the year 1984, before John was born. It failed. The second was set to strike at John himself when he was just a child. As before, the Resistance was able to send a lone warrior, a protector for John. It was just a question of which one of them would reach him first." The opening credits play in a montage of shots of playgrounds burning in an inferno. The credits end as the camera zooms in on the metal face of a Terminator, through the fire, until its red glowing eyes are in extreme close-up, accompanied by the thematic five rapid drumbeats. The action changes to a truck stop in the middle of the night. The wind scatters trash strewn around several trucks parked in the lot. Electric charges fill the air, jumping among several trucks. Out of nowhere, a brightly-lit orb appears, vaporizing a bowl in the ground and a section of a nearby truck. A large flash of light comes from the orb and it disappears, leaving a naked man crouching in its place. As the electrical charges slowly fade, the Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger) rises to its feet. It has the same appearance as the one sent through time in The Terminator (1984) to kill Sarah Connor. We see its red point-of-view processing screen as it approaches the Corral, a biker bar across the street from the truck stop, inspects the vehicles, mostly motorcycles, parked outside and enters. The bikers inside watch with a mixture of astonishment and amusement as the naked Terminator calmly walks among them, inspecting every male customer on the way. It even attracts a couple of looks from one of the waitresses. It stops in front of a cigar-smoking biker as it determines that the man's clothes are a match to its body size. The Terminator calmly tells him that it needs his "clothes, boots, and motorcycle", causing much hilarity among the other customers. The cigar man tells it that it "forgot to say please" and blows smoke in the Terminator's face. He puts out his cigar on Terminator's bare chest, only to be surprised that the pain doesn't seem to bother it. The Terminator grabs the man's hand and twists his arm. As the biker screams, another biker hits the Terminator in the head with a pool cue; he's hurled through the window for his trouble. The cigar biker is thrown into the kitchen and lands on the hot stove, burning his hands. A third tough biker pulls a knife on the Terminator. He stabs it with no effect and is quickly disarmed and pinned to the pool table with his own knife. The rest of the customers scramble away. The Terminator enters the kitchen, approaching the wounded cigar biker. The frightened biker grabs a pistol and tries to rack the slide but the Terminator grabs the pistol from him. Terrified, he quickly tosses his keys to the Terminator. As George Thorogood's "Bad to the Bone" plays, the Terminator steps outside, fully dressed, and mounts one of the motorcycles, a large Harley-Davidson. Before it can ride off, the barkeeper comes out with a lever-action shotgun and fires a warning shot, threatening to kill it if it doesn't step off the bike. The Terminator gets off, calmly walks towards the man, and with a quick move, it relieves the barkeeper of his shotgun and sunglasses before riding off. In the city of Los Angeles, a police officer in a trash-strewn vacant lot underneath a bridge calls in a strange electrical disturbance to headquarters. As he inspects the area and notices a strange round hole burned into a chain link fence, he is approached from behind by a naked T-1000 (Robert Patrick), also a cyborg, less bulky than the Terminator. The T-1000 instantly kills the officer with a quick stab to the gut. The terminator picks up the cop's gun, enters the police car fully clothed as a cop, and uses the car's computer to find the address of John Connor. He finds the address, along with a police sheet on John stating he's already committed several minor offenses like shoplifting and public disturbances. The next day, John Connor's foster parents Todd (Xander Berkeley) and Janelle Voight (Jenette Goldstein) make several fruitless attempts to get John to clean up his room, but he ignores and ridicules them and leaves on his bike with his friend Tim (Danny Cooksey). As they rocket off, Tim plays Guns N' Roses on his small portable stereo. In a cell at Pescadero State Hospital, a detention center for the criminally insane, Sarah Connor does chin-ups on her bed frame, which she has stood on end. Psychiatrist Dr. Peter Silberman (Earl Boen) is showing some interns around, telling them about Sarah's acute schizo-effective disorder. It leads her to believe that a machine in human guise, called a "Terminator", was sent back through time to kill her, and that the father of her child was a soldier from the future, sent back to protect her. Silberman bids her a good morning, to which Sarah pseudo-politely asks about his knee, which she stabbed with a pen some weeks before. Silberman has the interns take a look at her like she is a caged animal, informing them that she has tried repeatedly to escape. Silberman tells two orderlies that he doesn't like seeing patients disrupt the furniture arrangements in their rooms and to make sure that Sarah takes her medicine. The orderlies enter the cell, but Sarah refuses the medication. They tell her to be good because she is on review that afternoon, but when she still refuses, they smack her in the gut with a baton, kick her around and zap her with a taser before they force the medication down her throat and leave her.. The T-1000 arrives at the home of John Connor foster parents and ask about John. They tell him John took off on his bike. It asks for John's picture, saying it only needs to ask John some questions. Todd mentions that a big guy on a bike (the Terminator) had come by earlier asking about John that morning, but despite its suspicious glance, the T-1000 assures them not to worry. John breaks into an ATM using a specialized decoding device. Tim finds a picture of Sarah in John's bag (it's the picture that was taken of Sarah at the end of the The Terminator (1984) and was later given to Kyle Reese). John comments that Sarah is a complete psycho, because she got arrested for trying to blow up a computer factory. They take off for the mall to spend the money they've stolen, missing the searching Terminator by a few blocks. Sarah is in a deep sleep from the medication when she is woken by a familiar voice. It is Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn), the man who died protecting her from the first Terminator. He tells her that John is in danger and that she needs to protect him, to which she replies that he doesn't believe her anymore. Reese talks some strength back into her and repeats his earlier message: the future is not set, there is no fate but what we make for ourselves. She hugs him, but when she opens her eyes, Reese is standing in the cell door opening, saying that there is not much time left in the world. He walks away, and Sarah follows him out of the hospital. She finds herself on a sunny grass field behind a fence. On the other side are children playing in a playground. She tries to warn them away, but cannot speak. There is a sudden bright flash and she wakes up next to her bed in her cell. During the psychological review later that day, Sarah watches a video from one of her earlier evaluations, where she described her dream of the world and its children burning in a nuclear nightmare. She went into a fit of rage because no one believes her prediction. Silberman stops the video, and Sarah tells him that she is feeling much better now; she no longer believes in the existence of Terminators, and recants her claim that the factory where she crushed one covered the whole thing up. Meanwhile, in a computer lab somewhere, computer developer Miles Dyson (Joe Morton) is asked permission to conduct a test with a certain device that is only referred to as 'it.' When one of his co-workers asks where 'it' came from, he gives him the same answer he received from his superiors: "Don't ask." Dyson goes into the vault, where he observes a fragment of a computer chip and a metal robot arm that was clearly once attached to a Terminator. Sarah asks Dr. Silberman to transfer her to a minimum security ward, but he believes that she is faking her recovery, and thinks she will only use this transfer for another escape attempt. When he also refuses to let her see her son, she attacks him before being restrained and drugged by orderlies. Silberman looks at the camera and sarcastically states "Model citizen." John is driving with Tim through an abandoned canal when the Terminator passes overhead, identifies him and lays in a pursuit. Meanwhile, the T-1000, dressed as a cop, shows John's picture to a couple of girls; they direct it to the Galleria. The Terminator arrives at the Galleria and identifies John's bike. While John is inside playing arcade games, both the T-1000 and the Terminator (carrying a long box full of roses) are searching for him. The T-1000 finds the video arcade where it bumps into Tim, who is getting some more quarters. It shows Tim John's picture. Tim pretends he doesn't know the person in the picture, but quickly walks back to John and warns him about the T-1000. John runs out the back door of the arcade into the mall service hallway. He eventually finds himself in a hallway, caught in between the Terminator and the T-1000. As the two cyborgs advance, the T-1000 draws its service pistol and the Terminator produces a shotgun from the box of roses. Just as John thinks he'll be gunned down by either of them or both, the Terminator orders him to "Get down!". The Terminator shoots the T-1000 in the shoulder and deflects its aim. The T-1000 quickly recovers and empties an entire clip at John, killing a janitor caught in the crossfire, while the Terminator puts itself in front of John, shielding him from the bullets. While the T-1000 reloads, the Terminator breaks open a door, pushes John to safety, and marches towards the T-1000, shooting it repeatedly with its shotgun. It isn't until the Terminator fires its last round the T-1000 finally falls on its back. As the Terminator reloads its shotgun and John watches, the large metallic holes its bullets made in the T-1000's chest suddenly heal themselves. It gets up and there is a short struggle between the two cyborgs for the gun. In the fight, they force each other into the wall several times, until one wall finally gives, and they tumble into a clothing store. The T-1000 is quicker on its feet and clearly stronger, throwing the Terminator out through the shop-window, and continues its pursuit of John. Shoppers are amazed to see the Terminator get back on its feet so quickly (one of them manages to take some pictures), grabbing its shotgun and following John and the T-1000. In the meantime, John has reached his motorcycle, but has problems getting it to start. As the T-1000 enters the garage and dashes towards him, John gets the bike to fire up and drives away, barely shaking off his assailant as he makes it to the street. The T-1000 hitches an involuntary ride from a passing truck by throwing its driver out and pursues John with little regard for other motorists. It, in turn, is chased by the Terminator on its Harley. John makes it to an old drainage canal, apparently to safety, but the T-1000's truck suddenly appears on an overpass, crashes through the railing, and dives into the canal. John drives off, and despite the narrow width of the canal, the T-1000 gains on John. Meanwhile, the Terminator drives along the edge of the canal, firing some shots at the truck, which is nearing a bridge spanning the canal. The bridge rips the roof off the truck's cabin but the T-1000 has ducked away and maintains control of the vehicle. It tries to overrun John as the Terminator reaches a dead end in the elevation and is forced to jump down with its bike into the canal. It manages to pass the truck and drive alongside John, picks him up from his bike, puts him in front of itself, and fires a shot into one of the wrecker's front tires. The truck crashes into another column in the canal and a spark in some loose wiring causes spilled fuel to ignite. The Terminator stops the bike and points its gun at the blazing fire, but only a burning tire rolls out. He drives away with John, but seconds later, the T-1000 emerges as a shiny, featureless, liquid metal figure. Its features become more pronounced and its colors return to normal, returning to the form of the unharmed pseudo-cop. When emergency workers arrive, the T-1000 steals a police cruiser and drives off. As they ride off, John asks the Terminator to pull over. His rescuer confirms it is a Terminator, a Cyberdyne Systems model 101: a cybernetic organism, made of living tissue over a metal endoskeleton. John checks the bullet holes in the Terminator's back, but still has a hard time buying it. He already realizes that the Terminator has not come to kill him, but to protect him. The Terminator explains that it was re-programmed and sent back 35 years from the future, by John himself, to be his protector in the current time. It's evening, and while driving the bike, the Terminator explains that the other man is not human but a T-1000: an advanced prototype made of a "mimetic polyalloy," or liquid metal. It says they have to get out of the city and avoid the authorities. John wants to stop at his house, but Terminator assures him that the T-1000 will try to reacquire him there, as the Terminator itself would try. The Terminator and John stop by a pay phone because John insists on calling his foster parents to warn them. Janelle answers, and expresses her concern for John. John is confused, as she is "never this nice." He can hear Todd through the phone yelling at the dog for barking continuously, remarking that the dog is actually barking. Janelle's expression doesn't change as she shifts the phone to her other ear and extends her left arm offscreen. Todd is suddenly silent. John worries that the T-1000 might be there already. The Terminator asks John for the dog's name; its Max. It takes the phone and asks Janelle, with John's voice, what is wrong with 'Wolfie'. Janelle says Wolfie is fine. The Terminator hangs up and tells John his foster parents are dead. On cue, the camera pulls back to reveal that "Janelle" is actually the T-1000 mimicking her. Its arm has formed into a silver blade, which has skewered Todd through his mouth and spine. It retracts the blade, letting Todd's lifeless body fall to the ground, and it slowly reforms the blade back into Janelle's arm. The T-1000 then resumes its cop form. As it leaves the house, the T-1000 walks toward Max the dog, who is barking loudly. It kills the dog with a quick slash, and rips off its collar; it reads 'Max'. It knows it has been fooled. The Terminator explains to John that the T-1000 can imitate anything of equal size that it has sampled previously by physical contact. It can't become a bomb or a complex structure with chemicals or moving parts (such as a gun), but it can form knives and stabbing weapons. At Pescadero Hospital, a police detective shows Sarah Connor some pictures from the West Highland police station, taken by a video surveillance camera in 1984. They show the first Terminator on a killing spree inside the station. The detective explains that the unknown man killed 17 police officers with families and children that night. His colleague shows her pictures taken at the mall that day by a tourist: they show the same man. The officers tell her John is missing and that his foster parents were murdered, and ask her about the guy in the picture, but she doesn't give the slightest response. Dr. Silberman tells them she is fading out of reality, and lets them out. Sarah surreptitiously takes a paperclip from the desk before one of the orderlies takes her back to her cell. John tells the Terminator about his time in Nicaragua, where Sarah hooked up with several guys to gather weapons and teach John to become a great military leader. John now realizes that she was right all the time, and he wants to rescue her. The Terminator refuses, stating that the T-1000 will most likely copy Sarah and wait for John to come to her. When John hears that the subject being copied is typically terminated, he insists on saving her immediately. Terminator restrains him, saying Sarah is not a mission priority. John objects and calls out for help, but when he orders it to let go, the android complies. To his joy, John finds out that obeying John is one of the Terminator's mission parameters. John tests it by ordering it to stand on one foot: it complies. Two guys are responding to John's cry for help. They get into an argument, and John has Terminator grab one of the guys by his hair. When the other guy attacks, Terminator breaks his hand and tries to shoot him; John prevents this from happening and sends the guys away. He tries to explain to Terminator why he can't just kill people, but the robot doesn't understand. John orders it to help him save his mother, and they ride on. In the meantime, the T-1000 arrives at Pescadero and is given access by one of the guards. Sarah is restrained to her bed by Douglas (Ken Gibbel), one of the other guards. He humiliates her further, repulsively licking her face, locks her cell and bangs his baton against several cell doors as he leaves. Sarah spits out the paperclip she stole and uses it to pick the locks of her restraints and the door lock. The T-1000 comes up at a desk and asks the nurse for Sarah Connor. She tells him that other cops have already been with her for an hour, as she sees them coming out. When she looks back at the T-1000, she notices that he has gone; he is nowhere in the hallway. She lets Lewis (Don Stanton), one of the guards, through the security door; he shows the police officers out before he walks over to a coffee machine. But as he steps on the checkered hallway floor, the T-1000, mimicking the floor, stands up, and slowly copies the shape and image of Lewis, who is unaware of his counterpart forming behind him. When he turns around, he is astounded to be facing a copy of himself (Don Stanton's identical twin brother Dan Stanton). Before Lewis can react, the T-1000 skewers him through his eye by extruding its finger into an ice pick-like extension, then drags his body into a cleaning room. It takes Lewis' pistol and makes its way to the maximum security wing, walking easily past the other guards and staff. Meanwhile, Douglas finds that one of the maintenance rooms has been opened, and that a broom handle has been broken off. As he exits the room, he is clubbed by Sarah with the broom handle, dragged and locked into her room. She takes his keys and baton and leaves. She hides from Lewis (actually the T-1000) who is walking in one of the adjacent wings. The T-1000 reverts to its cop form as Sarah sneaks up to Silberman and an orderly. She beats the orderly unconscious and breaks Dr. Silberman's arm. She drugs the orderly with a tranquilizer and fills the empty syringe with drain cleaning fluid. John and the Terminator arrive at Pescadero, and John makes it swear that it will not kill anyone. When the guard cites the visiting hours, Terminator shoots him in the legs, reassuring John that the man will survive. They park the motorcycle in the garage. Sarah arrives with Silberman as her hostage at the security office. She has the poison-filled syringe in his neck, and reassures him that she has no problem killing him, since she already believes they'll all die on Judgement Day. He orders the guards to open the door. She gets through but doesn't notice another guard behind her. He saves Silberman from her hands, but gets pushed to the floor. Sarah makes a run for it. The guards sound the alarm, which also attracts the attention of the T-1000, which just discovered the drugged guard. Sarah manages to lock out the pursuing wardens by breaking off a key, so they have to find an alternate route. Sarah makes it to the elevators, but to her horror, an old acquaintance walks out: the Terminator, her tormentor from the past. With a yell of fear and disbelief, she runs back the other way. Sarah is so blinded by panic that she doesn't notice John's calls. One of the orderlies who was forced to take a different route suddenly tackles her as the others catch up and try to subdue her. John asks the Terminator to help his mother. It walks unnoticed over to the wardens who are trying to restrain Sarah. She is frantically yelling "He'll kill us all!" Dr Silberman tries to give Sarah a tranquilizer shot, but the Terminator grabs the orderlies around him one by one, and throws them all off Sarah. John crouches down by Sarah, who is looking at him and the Terminator in utter disbelief. John assures her that the Terminator is here to help. The Terminator says "Come with me if you want to live." and Sarah reluctantly takes its hand. At that moment, the T-1000 appears at the end of the hallway, blocked by a set of bars. It walks through them with ease, its liquid metal pouring through the bars like pudding (except for its pistol). John and Sarah run to the elevator as the Terminator fires several shots at the T-1000, which only serve to slow it down. The T-1000 runs past a stunned Silberman, firing, but the Terminator serves as a shield again until the elevator doors close behind him. The T-1000 uses its knife-arms to pry the door open, but the Terminator quickly fires a point-blank shot, splitting the other cyborg's head apart. The elevator descends as the T-1000 fuses its head back together. It pries the doors open again and jumps on the roof of the elevator, stabbing its knives through the roof hoping to hit one of its targets. The Terminator and Sarah fire several shots back through the ceiling before Sarah's shoulder is slashed by one of the thrusts. The elevator arrives at the garage and they all exit. Sarah commandeers a police car that is just arriving. The T-1000 has perforated the elevator roof enough to pour itself through a small hole as an amorphous blob of metal. It quickly reshapes into human form, opens the elevator door and gives chase, forcing the Terminator to drive away in reverse. They fire several clips and shells at it, but it keeps gaining. After exiting the garage, the Terminator spins the car 180 degrees, but this momentary slow-down allows T-1000 to jump and haul itself onto the trunk with its arm-hooks. It smashes the back window and slices at John, but the Terminator manages to shoot it off the moving car. It gets back on its feet, but stops its pursuit as it realizes it cannot keep up with the car on foot. John pulls the severed hook from the car's trunk, and throws it on the street. The T-1000 walks towards it, absorbs the hook back into its foot, and silently walks back to Pescadero. John, Sarah, and the Terminator drive away at high speed, safe from the deadly T-1000, at least for now. Sarah opens her arms to John, apparently to give him a big hug, but she only wants to check him for wounds or bruises. Sarah reprimands him for risking his life trying to save her; he is too important for that. John is baffled by Sarah's cold reaction, saying that he just needed to get her out of there, but she bluntly responds that she can take care of herself. Terminator asks John about the tears in his eyes, but he says it's nothing. The T-1000 returns on foot to Pescadero, where the police have arrived. A cop on a motorcycle asks if it is okay. It affirms, and compliments the cop on his nice motorcycle. The three fugitives arrive at an abandoned gas station and hide the car in the garage. The Terminator tends to Sarah's shoulder wound, saying that it knows what it is doing because it has detailed files on human anatomy. Sarah remarks that this makes it a more efficient killer; the Terminator confirms the notion. Sarah in turn removes the bullets from the Terminator's back. John asks if it feels any pain, to which the Terminator replies that it senses injuries, which could be regarded as pain. It explains that its wounds will heal, which is good according to Sarah, because the Terminator won't be of much use if it can't pass for human. The Terminator tells John that it will last 120 years with its existing power cell; that its CPU (central processing unit) is a learning computer and that it can learn more about being human as it has more contact with humans. Alternative scene: Terminator explains to John that its CPU is a learning computer, but Skynet disables the learning ability when Terminators are sent out alone, with Sarah remarking that Skynet doesn't want it's infiltrators to do any thinking. When John suggests that they can reset the switch, he and Sarah operate on the Terminator. She removes part of its scalp, opens its metal skull, and removes the chip inside, shutting down the android completely. However, to John's horror, she wants to destroy the chip with a small sledgehammer, because she doesn't trust John's new friend. She wants to use this opportunity to disable it, but John convinces her that they need it, and that if he is to be a great military leader, she should start listening to some of his ideas for a change. Reluctantly, she concedes, and they reset the switch and reinsert the chip. The Terminator keeps watch all night, and at dawn it hot-wires another vehicle. John teaches it that some cars have the keys tucked behind the sun visor. To get away from the city as fast as possible, they drive through the desert to one of Sarah's hideouts. John notices that the Terminator always uses words like "affirmative;" he teaches it to use more colloquial expressions such as "no problemo," "eat me," "hasta la vista, baby," and "chill out, dickwad." They stop at a gas station for some food. John sees how serious his mother is all the time, and he tells the Terminator that it could smile once in a while too. To give an example, John unsuccessfully attempts to make one of the restaurant attendants smile, then points at a guy at a phone booth smiling. The Terminator tries to imitate him, but the result is less than convincing, so John advises it to practice in front of a mirror first. John sees some children playing with toy guns. He ponders that humans as a species probably won't make it; the Terminator comments that it is in their nature to destroy themselves. Sarah inquires about who is responsible for building Skynet. As they start driving again, the Terminator tells her that it is Miles Bennett Dyson, a high-ranking engineer at Cyberdyne Systems, who will invent a new microprocessor that will revolutionize the entire landscape of military computing. Cyberdyne computers will completely replace human functions and decisions in strategic defense systems as the Skynet program goes on-line on August 4th, 1997. It learns at such a fast rate that it becomes self-aware on August 29th. As the humans try to shut it down, Skynet starts a nuclear strike that plunges Earth's nations into a nuclear war, in which the humans destroy each other. Sarah asks for everything the Terminator knows about Dyson. At the Dyson residence, Miles is frantically working at his computer, though he promised his wife Tarissa (S. Epatha Merkerson) to take the children out swimming. Miles tries to explain to her that his work on the new microprocessor is very important and that he is very close to completing it. Tarissa jokingly wonders why they started a family anyway, since he seems more concerned with his project. Miles finally gives in and takes the kids out to play. Sarah, John and the Terminator arrive at a ranch in the desert that seems abandoned. However, her friend Enrique Salceda (Castulo Guerra, being very suspicious of unannounced visitors, comes out of hiding at the sound of her voice. He welcomes Sarah, John, and the Terminator (who John introduces as Uncle Bob) and tells them that they are all over the news as wanted persons. Enrique is not too thrilled to hear that Sarah has come to collect most of his stuff -- clothes, food and a truck -- and she orders John and the Terminator to gather weapons. The Terminator opens a secret stash filled with lots of weapons and ammunition. Sarah notifies Enrique about her plans to cross the border after nightfall, and tells him to leave the range as well, since it is dangerous for him too. He expected that Sarah would bring trouble, but he seems to be used to it. While working in the weapons stash, John tells how he grew up learning about weapons and explosives, and how he had a hard time adjusting to a normal life after Sarah got arrested. He learns from the Terminator that it has no fear of death, nor feels any other emotion about it; it just has to stay functional until its mission is complete. John thinks about himself the same way, although he is not too keen about the important role he has yet to play. The Terminator uncovers a minigun, which makes even the android smile. While helping the Terminator repair a truck, John wonders about his real father, who he will meet when he is in his forties, but who hasn't even been born yet. John thinks Sarah still cries about him sometimes. Terminator asks him why people cry. John says it happens when people are hurt, although not physically. The machine doesn't understand. When the truck works again, John teaches Terminator how to do a high five (and the "too slow" joke that accompanies it), as Sarah watches them from a distance. She narrates: "Watching John with the machine, it was suddenly so clear. The Terminator would never stop, never leave him, never hurt him, never shout at him or get drunk and hit him, or say it was too busy to spend time with him. It would always be there, and it would die to protect him. Of all the would-be fathers who came and went over the years, this machine was the only one who measured up. In an insane world, it was the sanest choice." Sarah carves at a wooden table with her knife and watches Enrique playing happily with his family. She falls asleep, and finds herself in a green pasture, behind a fence. On the other side, children are playing in a playground. She tries to warn them away, but no sound comes from her mouth. She sees a younger, innocent version of herself among the people: dressed in her old waitress uniform, playing with infant John, when she seems to take notice of a strange pulse. As Sarah pounds the fence in frustration, a blinding white flash illuminates the area. People scream in terror as the bright light dies down, revealing a huge nuclear cloud column at the horizon. In an instant, temperatures rise to extremes, causing Sarah, everyone and everything to spontaneously burst into flames. A panoramic shot shows a nuclear shock wave propagating through downtown LA, turning every building in its path into instant rubble. Cars, buses, buildings, and trees are singed and blown to pieces, and as the fire reaches the burnt people, their ashes spread like black dust in the wind. As the fire burns Sarah's flesh away, leaving only her skeleton hanging by the fence, she wakes up with a shock, realizing it was a dream. She looks at the words she just carved into the table: NO FATE; she knows that she can only stop her dream from becoming reality if she acts immediately. Sarah sticks the knife into the table, gathers an CAR15 rifle and her gear, and gets into the car. John sees it, and hears from Enrique that he and the Terminator are supposed to proceed towards the south, where Sarah will meet up with them tomorrow. John runs towards Sarah, but she drives off quickly without a word or looking back. John reads the words on the table: NO FATE. John explains to the Terminator that it was a message from his future self to Sarah, passed on by his father Kyle: The future is not set. There is no fate but what we make for ourselves. When the Terminator guesses that Sarah intends to change the future, John suddenly realizes that she is going after Miles Dyson. They take off after her in the repaired truck. As Sarah races ahead, the Terminator warns John that the T-1000 has the same data and might be waiting for them at Dyson's house, but John is intent on stopping Sarah. The Terminator suggests that Dyson's death might actually prevent the war from happening, but John does not want to hear about it. He angrily admonishes the Terminator for still not understanding the value of human life, and insists that it try to learn. At the Dyson residence, Sarah sets up her silenced gun behind the swimming pool, where she can see Miles working at his computer, unaware of the danger outside. Dyson's son Danny (DeVaughn Nixon) is playing in the house with his remote-controlled car, waving off his mother's orders to go to bed like his sister. Outside, Sarah loads the rifle and takes aim, pointing a red laser at the back of Miles's head. At the moment of firing, Danny drives the remote car against Miles' foot, making him quickly bend over to pick it up. The bullet misses him and hits the computer screen. As Miles realizes the shot came through the window, Sarah fires again but misses. Miles takes cover behind his desk, so Sarah rakes the house with rapid fire. Miles warns away his wife and son as Sarah reloads and empties another clip into the room. She takes a handgun and walks to the house. Miles sees her and makes a run for his living room. Sarah fires several shots at him, and the third one hits Miles in the shoulder. He collapses to the floor as his wife and son get to him. Sarah tries to force them away at gunpoint, but the young boy stays, pleading for his father's life. Miles pushes the boy away to his mother, asking Sarah to let the boy go, but her eyes are wild with rage. She raves at the bewildered man that everything is his fault and that she will not let him do it. Miles starts to cry uncontrollably, and Sarah realizes what she is about to do; she does not pull the trigger. She backs away and sinks to the floor, crying. John and the Terminator enter the ravaged house, fearing that they are too late. John takes care of his mother and tells the Terminator to check on Dyson. Sarah is traumatized, realizing that she nearly killed a man, and John hugs her, assuring her that they will find a way. Finally she is able to tell him she loves him, and he returns her affection. The Terminator diagnoses Miles's injury as a flesh wound and instructs Tarissa to stop the bleeding by putting pressure on the wound. Miles asks John and the Terminator who they are. John gives the Terminator a switchblade, tells it to show Miles what it is, and takes Danny away to his room. With gasps and cries of horror and disbelief, Miles and Tarissa watch the Terminator make large cuts in its arm, and remove the skin to reveal a sophisticated, bloody metal arm and hand, the same kind Miles saw on display at Cyberdyne. The Terminator requests that Miles and Tarissa listen carefully. Sarah narrates: "Dyson listened while the Terminator laid it all down. Skynet, Judgment Day, the history of things to come. Its not every day that you find out you are responsible for 3 billion deaths. He took it pretty well." Miles is taken aback by the story, but tries to defend himself against accusations for things he has not even done yet by asking how he was supposed to know. Sarah sneers that this is the excuse of all men, thinking they are great and creative, while inventing nothing but death and destruction. John cuts off the discussion as it won't get them anywhere. Miles tells them he will stop working on the processor and quit his job at Cyberdyne, but Sarah and the Terminator convince him that nobody must be allowed to finish his work; the lab and all relevant files in his home must be destroyed also. Miles tells them about the chip at Cyberdyne, which came from the first Terminator, although he was not informed about its origin at the time; this confirms all of Sarah's suspicions about the factory covering up the whole incident with her and the first Terminator. The chip was broken, but it gave Miles the inspiration for his revolutionary new chip design. Miles offers to help them pass Cyberdyne's security to completely destroy the remnant chip and all traces of his work. While driving to Cyberdyne, Sarah narrates: "The future, always so clear to me, had become like a black highway at night. We were in uncharted territory now, making up history as we went along." The group arrives at the Cyberdyne lab headquarters, packed with large bags full of equipment. Miles gets them through the main entrance to the security desk, and tries to convince the guard that they are friends who he wants to show around. As the guard scolds him for bringing visitors without special authorization, they draw their weapons and restrain him. They use an elevator to move to the second floor, where Miles explains how they need his key and another one in the security station to open the vault holding the chip and Terminator arm. Meanwhile, another guard returns to the front desk and grumbles at his partner for leaving the desk unattended, only to find the man tied up and gagged inside the toilet. Miles and Sarah enter the security station as the guard triggers the silent alarm. Miles' access card no longer opens the key locker; the alarm has neutralized all codes inside the building. He wants to abort, but Sarah convinces him they have to complete their mission. John assures them that he can open the safe and gets his decoder out. The two guards downstairs have identified Sarah and the Terminator as the two wanted criminals from the news; they call the police and ask for all police units in the area. Miles' entry code won't open the door to the lab, so the Terminator suggests using his, which means blowing through the door with a grenade launcher. This sets off the Halon fire extinguishing system, which displaces all oxygen to put out the fire. Sarah and Miles wait to enter the lab until the Halon dissipates, but the Terminator walks through the lab and retrieves two breathing masks for them. They enter the lab and get to work. The T-1000 arrives at the Dyson residence appearing as a motorcycle cop, wearing a helmet and reflective sun glasses. He finds the house deserted, all of the computers destroyed, and a garbage can full of burning paper. His police radio broadcasts a call for all units to respond to Cyberdyne Systems, and describes the suspects: Sarah Connor, escaped from Pescadero State Hospital the night before; and a white male, the possible killer from the West Highland Police Station massacre in 1984. The Terminator chops up several computers and servers with a fire axe. Miles directs Sarah to all the disks and processors containing important data that must be destroyed. Sarah tells him they will blow it all up. Then Miles sees the enlarged model of his new chip design. He asks the Terminator for the axe, says he worked a lot of years on the model, then smashes it apart with a violent strike of the axe. A large police force arrives at Cyberdyne, surrounding the building while a police helicopter hovers outside, shining its spotlight inside a deserted office area. John opens the key locker and retrieves the vault key. As he leaves, he narrowly avoids being spotted by the helicopter. A quick glimpse on a monitor shows him the entire police force barricaded outside. Sarah and the Terminator place barrels of explosive liquids and detonation packs. The Terminator gives Miles a remote control, showing him how they are going to set off the explosions. John enters the lab with the key, telling the others they have company -- all of the police have arrived. Sarah says she will finish up and orders them to go ahead. The Terminator says it will take care of the police; John reminds him of his promises, but the Terminator reassures him with a simple "Trust me." The Terminator walks to the front of the building and kicks a desk out a window. It ignores the police's order to surrender and fires a M134 Minigun at the police cars below. The helicopter pilot moves away. The minigun empty, Terminator uses a M79 grenade launcher to destroy two more vehicles. Its heads-up display indicates no human casualties. Terminator turns back into the building and the police open fire with Heckler & Koch HK94A3 submachine guns. John and Miles reach the vault and open it. John breaks the glass cases containing the chip fragment and metal arm. He gloats that they've got "Skynet by the balls." A heavily armed SWAT team enters the building and climbs the stairs to the second floor as Sarah and the other three prepare to leave. She gives John the gas masks and he and the Terminator leave the room. As Sarah asks Miles for the detonator, the SWAT team bursts into the lab, opening fire. Sarah takes cover behind a desk, but Miles is hit several times, and sinks to the floor. John tries to get to his mom, but the Terminator prevents him from endangering himself. Sarah looks at the mortally injured Miles, who holds the detonator in his hand. With a silent expression, he assures her that he will take care of it. Sarah waits for the SWAT members to reload, fires several shots from her sidearm into the air, and then makes a run for the back of the lab. Glass windows around her break as the SWAT team opens fire on her, and she barely rolls herself to cover in the room where the vault is. John is following her escape on a monitor and tells the Terminator there is no other exit for her there. With a loud thud, it breaks through the wall and pulls Sarah in through the hole. It breaks a steel door with another blast of its grenade launcher, and the three make their way through a safer corridor to the elevator. The SWAT team advances through the lab towards Miles, who is holding a piece of his chip model above the detonator switch. With heavy dying breaths, he tells the SWAT leader that he doesn't know how much longer he can hold it up. Realizing the imminent danger, the SWAT leader (Dean Norris) orders his team to pull back immediately. As John, Sarah and the Terminator get into the elevator, Miles' rate of breathing becomes slower and slower. Finally, it stops, and he drops the part onto the trigger. An enormous explosion erupts from the building, destroying the entire lab. The elevator comes to an abrupt halt on the first floor. The T-1000 arrives on its motorcycle between the burnt-out car wrecks in front of the Cyberdyne building. The elevator doors open and the Terminator checks the lobby, which is full of the SWAT team members. They fire tear gas grenades at the elevator, which forces John and Sarah to buddy-breathe with the only remaining gas mask. Terminator tells them to stay there; it will be back. It advances towards the SWAT team, ignoring their leader's orders to lie down on the floor. They open fire, the bullets ripping pieces of flesh from its metal body, but they cannot stop its advance. As it closes in on them, it uses its sidearm to shoot the men in the legs; it uses the gas grenade launcher to disable the remaining two members. The T-1000 drives its motorcycle up one of the staircases of the blown-out building. The Terminator exits through the main entrance and fires the remaining gas grenades at the police, disabling the entire force. It relieves two remaining SWAT members of their van (remembering to look for the keys behind the sun visor), drives it through the main entrance and picks up John and Sarah. It takes off at high speed as several police officers fire shots at the van. As the T-1000 drives through the destroyed lab, it hears the gunshots and sees the SWAT van leaving in the distance. When it notices the helicopter flying near the building, it accelerates, jumps its motorcycle out of the building, and grabs hold of the helicopter as the bike crashes to the ground. The dumb-struck pilot watches the T-1000 break the canopy with its head, pour into the cockpit in its amorphous chrome form and instantly resume its previous appearance. It tells the pilot to get out and he jumps. Now in control of the helicopter, the T-1000 pursues the van. In the back of the van, Sarah buries John under a pile of bullet-proof vests, telling him to stay under them no matter what happens. She also covers the van's back windows with vests, as she notices the helicopter closing in; the Terminator tells her it is the T-1000. Sarah and the T-1000 exchange automatic weapon fire as the Terminator navigates the highway, narrowly missing several cars. It drives under a bridge, but the helicopter simply follows. They pass a large semi, which forces the T-1000 to fly over another bridge. It quickly gains on the van and manages to shoot Sarah in the leg. The Terminator abruptly stops, causing the helicopter to collide with the back of the van; it crumbles and crashes violently onto the road. The crash causes one of the van's tires to rip, and the van topples over on the road. The driver of the large truck has come to a halt at the crashed helicopter, as the driver of a pick-up truck comes to check on the tipped-over van. The large truck's driver is amazed to see the T-1000 appearing unharmed from the wrecked helicopter, but the T-1000 simply skewers him with his blade-hand and mounts the truck. The Terminator, John and Sarah stumble from the SWAT van; the pick-up truck driver backs away from the Terminator's large facial wounds, as it sees the large truck emerging from the smoke several hundred yards back; it reads LIQUID NITROGEN on the side. The three commandeer the pick-up truck as the T-1000's truck rams a stopped car out of the way in the distance. The Terminator drives away as the T-1000 smashes the remains of the SWAT van; the pick-up driver barely gets out of the way. John uses a T-shirt from the truck to slow the bleeding from Sarah's leg. The Terminator tries to stay ahead of the liquid nitrogen truck, but 60 mph is the pick-up truck's top speed. As Sarah binds her leg and howls in pain, the large truck rams the back of the pick-up. The T-1000 tries to crush the pick-up against the side-rail, but another truck coming up ahead forces it to move away. The Terminator tells John to take the wheel and fires a grenade at the large truck, which takes it slightly off course. The Terminator directs John to take the off ramp, but the T-1000 follows. John narrowly misses another truck as the Terminator fires another grenade. It hits the truck on the side; the truck rams into the pick-up from behind again, causing the Terminator to drop a grenade shell. John drives the truck through the gates of a steel mill, closely followed by the T-1000. The Terminator grabs its CAR15 rifle and climbs onto the hood of the T-1000's truck, where it empties the entire clip into the liquid android. Then it turns the wheel quickly to the left, causing the liquid nitrogen truck to topple over and slide behind John and Sarah. The Terminator holds on to the still moving, tipped-over truck as John drives through a hangar-sized steel foundry full of workers. The pick-up truck comes to an abrupt halt when it impales itself on a parked lift-truck, one lifter passing between John and his mother. As the sliding liquid nitrogen truck comes screeching into the hangar and crashes against one side of the entrance, the Terminator jumps off, rolls himself to safety and comes to a stop against a couple of pipes. The enormous momentum causes the truck to split open in the middle and liquid nitrogen pours from the rupture. As the evaporating nitrogen invades the work area, one of the workers sounds the alarm, prompting everyone to instantly evacuate. John, Sarah, and the Terminator watch the T-1000 clambering out of the truck cabin under a pouring rain of liquid nitrogen. As the android appears from the cloud of vapor, it seems to be moving much more sluggishly than usual. A layer of frost covers the creaking T-1000 as it attempts to walk, but its frozen feet keep sticking to the floor. Its continuous efforts to walk cause the legs to break off at the ankle and knees. Trying to break its fall with its hand, the T-1000 finds the hand frozen to the floor as well. With a violent pull, it breaks free, snapping off its arm to its own astonishment. A few creaking tweaks and turns follow, and it remains motionless. Terminator picks itself up from the floor, points its gun and shoots the frozen android, shattering it into hundreds of small pieces, saying "Hasta la vista, baby." John gets out of the truck to watch his broken enemy. However, one of the pools of molten metal in the hangar has begun to overflow, and the heat starts to thaw the frozen pieces of the T-1000. The metal becomes liquid again, and the drops start to coalesce into one big blob. The Terminator says they don't have much time, and John helps Sarah get up; the liquid metal blob is already shaping into the familiar human form again. The Terminator reloads its grenade launcher with the shell it dropped earlier and helps John move Sarah. The T-1000 regains its cop form. It follows John, Sarah, and the Terminator on foot as they head deeper into the steel mill. While holding a yellow-and-black striped bar, the T-1000 finds that it has been damaged: its arm has mimicked the striped pattern of the bar. It pulls the hand loose from the bar, changes it back to normal with a flick and starts following its targets again. The Terminator leads John and Sarah through the maze of equipment and machinery in the steel mill. As the T-1000 closes in, there is a glitch going over its surface. Apparently, it has difficulty keeping its current form; its feet keep taking on the color and texture of the metal floor. John, Sarah, and the Terminator come up at the edge of a molten metal pool, but Sarah can't stand the heat. They return, but see the T-1000 approaching a few yards ahead. The Terminator sends John and Sarah on their way, despite John's desire to stick together. Sarah drags John away while the Terminator readies its gun and grenade launcher. Its internal processing screen searches for the T-1000, which suddenly emerges from the side and kicks away the launcher. There is a nasty and violent fight between the two Terminators, in which they pound each other against the metal surfaces around them. The T-1000 is thrown head first against a steel wall, but it quickly morphs itself backwards, ready to fight again. The Terminator punches into its head, but its opponent simply liquefies, reforms around the Terminator's fist, launches it against some more walls, and finally forces its arm into a giant gear, trapping it in the large drive-chain. Out of reach, the T-1000 takes on its human appearance again and leaves the Terminator behind. Sarah and John take a few steps towards a platform. The Terminator picks up an iron bar and uses it to amputate its arm to free itself. John and Sarah see the T-1000 already coming up to the platform. Sarah lowers John along a chain onto a conveyor belt below, but stays behind herself, despite John's desperate calls to come along. Sarah reloads her shotgun and fires at the T-1000's head: it leaves a large hole around its right eye, which fills up quickly. It figures out that John has escaped. Before Sarah can reload and fire another shot, the T-1000 extends one of its fingers and skewers her left shoulder to the wall. It orders Sarah to call John, but she refuses. It tortures Sarah by moving its finger-blade inside her wounded shoulder, telling her that it knows it's torture method hurts her. It then threatens to pierce her head with its other finger, and repeats the order, but she still doesn't comply. At that moment, the Terminator takes a slice at the T-1000 with the iron bar, almost chopping off its arm and side. But the T-1000 kicks the Terminator back, mends its body and simply pulls the bar out. It pounds the Terminator with the bar, throwing the Terminator in front of a large suspended beam. The T-1000 uses the beam to crush the Terminator against the wall several times, causing its right eye to come out and exposing its red robotic eye and metal skull. The heavily crushed Terminator attempts to pull itself away with its remaining hand, towards a lower platform where its grenade launcher still rests. But before it can grasp the launcher, the T-1000 forces the metal bar into the Terminator's chest. It retracts the bar again, but before the Terminator can make another attempt at the launcher, the T-1000 forces the bar all the way through it and the grated floor. Electrical discharges erupt from the metal body as the red dot in the Terminator's eye slowly dies and its body goes limp. Sarah grabs her shotgun and reloads with the little remaining strength she has. John crawls out of the conveyor belt tunnel and hides behind some equipment. The Terminator's mechanical eye seems to come back to life. Its internal processing screen shows that an alternate power route inside the metal body has been found, and the eye becomes fully red. It pulls the iron bar from its body and the floor and grabs the grenade launcher. In his hiding place, John hears his mother calling him. He walks several steps and platforms over to her, to find her limping along a wall. She asks for his help, but then another Sarah appears behind her, armed with a shotgun. She tells John to get out of the way. John looks down to see that Sarah's feet have seemingly been fused to the grated floor, and realizes it is the T-1000 (played by Linda Hamilton's identical twin Leslie Hamilton Gearren). John yells "shoot!" and a large metal hole appears in the T-1000-as-Sarah's body. In an instant, the wound closes and the T-1000 morphs back into its familiar cop face. Sarah fires a volley of shots at the T-1000, which brings it staggering towards the edge of the platform, above one of the molten metal pools. But as it's one step from falling in, Sarah's shotgun is empty. The T-1000 heals its wounds and Sarah fires again, but the gun only clicks. The T-1000 makes a childish naughty-gesture with its finger, then starts advancing on John and Sarah. They turn around to see the Terminator emerging on a conveyor belt, armed with the grenade launcher. They get down, and the Terminator fires his grenade into the T-1000's gut. It gives a look of astonishment before the grenade violently explodes inside; its body is completely burst open, the head and arms hanging from mere threads. Before it can reform itself, it loses its balance and falls screeching into the pool of molten metal. The effect is devastating: as John and Sarah watch, the T-1000 splashes and thrashes in the pool, screaming in agony, uncontrollably morphing through the forms it previously adapted: the policeman, Janelle , Lewis, the motorcycle cop. Desperately screaming and fighting, several more heads and arms pop out of its body. It takes the rough shape of a giant open-mouthed head that turns inside-out, before it finally returns into a terrified face that dissolves in the metal, signaling it's death. John helps the Terminator up. It looks like a wrecked car and says it needs a vacation. They look at the molten pool and John asks if the T-1000 is dead. The Terminator replies that it is terminated. John throws the metal arm and the chip in the steel, briefly looking over the small device that started the path to Skynet. Sarah sighs that it is over, but the Terminator reminds her that there is still one more chip which must be destroyed; it points at its skull. It hands Sarah a remote control for one of the electrically operated pulleys, saying that it cannot self-terminate and needs to be lowered in the molten steel. John refuses to accept and pleads with the Terminator to stay with them. When it apologizes and tells him that it has to do it, John tearfully orders it not to go. The Terminator remains silent for a while, looking John in the eyes, and tells him it knows now why he cries; but it is something it can never do. John hugs the android, which shakes Sarah's outstretched hand, then grasps one of the chains. Sarah activates the pulley, lowering the Terminator into the pool. Its clothes burn as it slowly melts away from below in the hot steel. It looks up to John, who is in tears. After the hot metal immerses the face, its hand does a final thumbs-up before it sinks completely out of sight. There is a last look into its internal processing screen, which goes static, and finally blacks out like a TV screen. Sarah drops the remote and holds the sobbing John to her shoulder. The camera flies over the highway at night again as Sarah speaks: "The unknown future rolls towards us. I face it for the first time with a sense of hope. Because if a machine, a Terminator, can learn the value of human life, maybe we can too." Credits roll to the Terminator theme music and "You Could Be Mine" by Guns 'N Roses. Special Edition Credits follow.
tt1282140
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The film opens with Olive Penderghast (Emma Stone) talking into a web cam about how her little white lie ballooned into an uncontrollable monster. She says she will explain her side, the true side of what occurred. She says that she was a nobody that no one noticed outside her best friend Rhiannon (Aly Michalka). Rhiannon wants to go camping with Olive but Olive lies and says she is going on a date. In reality, she just hangs around the house all weekend singing "Pocketful of Sunshine" by Natasha Bedingfield. The following Monday, pressed by Rhiannon, Olive lies about losing her virginity to a college guy. Marianne (Amanda Bynes), an overly enthusiastic Christian, overhears her telling the lie and soon it spreads like wildfire. The school has a conservative teen church group run by Marianne who decides that Olive will be their next project. The group's harassment disguised as concern comes to head at an English class run by Mr. Griffith (Thomas Haden Church). The class happens to be reading The Scarlet Letter, a novel about adultery and shame. When one of the girls from the church group makes a side comment at Olive, Olive shoots back one of her own. This gets her sent to the principal's office and Olive is given detention. It is there she sees her classmate Brandon (Dan Byrd) walking out of the office with a bloodied nose. Later at home, Olive is with her parents and her adopted brother. Her mother Rosemary (Patricia Clarkson) and father Dill (Stanley Tucci) are very liberal and supportive of their daughter and her choices. Brandon comes over later and propositions Olive; she'll pretend to sleep with him and make him appear straight, when in reality everyone knows he's gay. She agrees and they pretend to have sex at a public party. Afterwards she bumps into an old crush Todd (Penn Badgley), whom she almost kissed years ago but instead lied about it when he said he wasn't ready. Now after apparently sleeping with two guys and the harassment starting to get to her, Olive decides to go with the flow. She begins to wear more provocative clothing and stitches a red 'A' to everything she wears. Boys begin to give her gift cards and money to say they've done sexual things with her to increase their own popularity, which only increases her rep. However, things begin to go downhill quickly. Rhiannon, partly jealous of the attention Olive is getting, joins the church group protesting her. Olive is able to reconcile with Marianne but it is destroyed when Marianne's boyfriend Micah (Cam Gigandet) gets an STD and says Olive gave it to him. Olive sees Mrs. Griffith (Lisa Kudrow) who is crying and confesses that she is the one who slept with Micah. Olive promises to take the blame to save Mrs. Griffith's job and marriage. Olive becomes disillusioned with the fact that though everyone thinks she is sleeping around, no one will take the chance to actually date her. This changes when Anson (Jake Sandvig) comes up to her and asks her out. The date goes sour when Olive sees' Rhiannon at the restaurant and remembers that she has a crush on Anson. Olive tries to recover and Anson attempts to pay her off, so she asks what they'll say happened but Anson thinks he will actually get sex and tries to force himself on her. She resists and he drives off. Todd, who works at the restaurant, sees her and offers to drive her home. Todd tells her that he doesn't believe the rumor mill and thinks she's actually great. He remembers how cool she was about not kissing him years ago and wishes she actually was his first kiss (her friend Rhiannon was and he says she was terrible). Olive is touched but says she can't be with him until she sorts out her life. Olive proceeds to go to the boys that propositioned her and tells them to fess up but most deny it, or in the case of Brandon who comes out to his parents, leave town altogether. When she goes to Mrs. Griffith to make her come clean, she refuses to and uses her authority as an adult to make it clear Olive won't be believed over her. Olive runs to Mr. Griffith and tells the truth but immediately regrets how she did it, realizing she just ruined a marriage. To get everything finally in the open, she does a song and dance number at a pep rally and pretends that she will be doing a sex show via web cam with Todd. In actuality (as the whole movie has been an extended flashback) she confesses what she has done. She also makes up with Rhiannon, apologizing for lying. When she is finishing up, Todd comes by riding a lawnmower and tells her to come out. She closes her web cam confession saying she really likes Todd and maybe she will lose her virginity to him in the future but at the end of the day it is no one's business but her own. She leaves the house to kiss him and they ride off from the neighborhood on the lawnmower (a joke Olive made earlier on in the piece where she says "Whatever happened to chivalry? Does it only exist in 80's movies? I want John Cusack holding a boombox outside my window. I wanna ride off on a lawnmower with Patrick Dempsey").
tt0074285
Horror
The film begins in the locker-room fill of teenage girls, including Carrie White (Sissy Spacek). Carrie gets her first period, and after becoming distressed, cries out for help. Instead of helping, the other girls ridicule and harass her, throwing out tampons, sanitary towels and toilet paper to her. Teacher Miss Collins (Betty Buckley) rushes in to stop the commotion. White, who appears to be bottling extreme rage, snaps a light bulb. After questioning Carrie, Miss Collins realizes that Carrie is unaware of the concept of menstruation. Because of this, Miss Collins asks the school principal to excuse Carrie from gym class for a week because of the trauma. Upon her way home, Carrie uses her recently discovered telekinesis to stop a boy from teasing her. While at home, Carrie is tormented by her delusional mother (Piper Laurie), who locks Carrie in a closet and forces her to pray--she believes that Carrie received her period due to sinning. Miss Collins, still livid about the incident, berates the other girls and forces them through a detention, deliberately physically exhausting them. The leader of the clique, Chris Hargensen (Nancy Allen), refuses to participate, and as punishment, is banned from the upcoming prom. Furious, she blames Carrie for her misfortune. Meanwhile, another one of the girls, Sue Snell (Amy Irving), feels guilty about her part in teasing Carrie, so she asks her boyfriend, Tommy Ross (William Katt), to take Carrie to the prom. Tommy begrudgingly agrees. After Tommy asks her to the prom, Carrie refuses, thinking that yet another trick is being played on her. After a comforting pep talk with Miss Collins, and after Tommy's further insistence, Carrie finally agrees to go to the prom with Tommy. While everyone else is getting ready for the prom, Chris schemes with her boyfriend Billy Nolan (John Travolta) and best friend Norma (P.J. Soles) to get revenge on Carrie. They go to a farm and slaughter some pigs, drain their blood into a bucket, and place the bucket on one of the rafters in the school gym. Carrie asks her mother's permission to go to the prom. Her mother becomes unhinged at the suggestion, commenting that Tommy is only after her for sex and that this will lead her down a road to perpetual sin. This leads to a violent argument between Carrie and her mother; who uses her telekinesis to slam windows and doors in her home. After another fight between Carrie and her mother the night of the prom, Carrie uses her powers to push her mother into a bed and tells her that she must stop worrying. Carrie and Tommy arrive at the prom, and Carrie begins to feel accepted by Tommy's peers. Miss Collins relates to Carrie the story of her own prom, telling her she should cherish the memory forever. Carrie and Tommy dance together; Tommy has since fallen for Carrie and kisses her. As per Chris' instructions, Norma and some of Billy's friends fix the ballots so that Carrie and Tommy are elected prom king and queen. They make their way to the stage, and Carrie finally feels what its like to be accepted. Meanwhile, Sue sneaks into the prom and sees Chris and Billy under the stage. She realizes their plan: Chris is going to yank a cord and dump the pig's blood all over Carrie as she is declared prom queen. Sue rushes toward the stage frantically, but is intercepted by Miss Collins, who thinks that Sue is out to make trouble for Carrie after seeing that Carrie and Tommy are together. Miss Collins throws her out of the gym, thinking that she was to spoil Carrie's momentum. At that exact moment, Chris yanks the cord, drenching Carrie in pig's blood. The students gasp and look on in horror. Tommy is furious, but the bucket falls and knocks him unconscious. Carrie snaps and imagines that all of the students and faculty are actually laughing at her, which her mother had warned her would happen. Carrie uses her telekinesis to destroy the gym and kill her peers and teachers, including Miss Collins. As Carrie walks home, a firetruck is seen passing her. Chris and Billy, who safely witnessed Carrie cause the death of the entire student body, attempt to run Carrie over with Billy's car. Carrie uses her telekinesis to destroy the car. When Carrie returns home, she draws a bath. After she cleaned herself, her mother appears, and tells her she was the result of a strange marital rape. Then, convinced that her daughter is an evil witch, she takes out a chopping knife and stabs Carrie in the back. Carrie falls down the stairs and stumbles away from her mother. When her mother corners her in the kitchen, Carrie uses her power to crucify her mother with kitchen knives & tools. After the death, Carrie becomes wrought with guilt, and using the lit candles, sets her house ablaze. The home eventually collapses and Carrie dies amongst the debris. Some time later, Sue, having survived the prom night catastrophe, is suffering from depression over the death of her peers. She experiences a nightmare in which she visits the location of Carrie's house. As she reaches down to put flowers on the burnt lot, Carrie's blood-stained hand reaches up from the rubble and grabs her. Sue then wakes up screaming in the arms of her mother.
tt1606389
Drama,Romance
The movie begins with Paige Collins (Rachel McAdams) and her husband Leo (Channing Tatum) coming out of a movie theater. On their way home, when they stop at a stop sign, Paige unbuckles her seatbelt to lean over and kiss Leo. At that very moment, a truck rams their Saab 900 from behind and Paige crashes out through the windshield. Both of them are rushed to the emergency room, and as Leo, in a voice-over talks about how "moments of impact.. help in finding who we are" the movie cuts to how Paige and Leo first met. The scenes of how they courted, proposed and married are interwound with the present. When Paige regains her consciousness, she thinks Leo is her doctor, implying her loss of memory. Paige verifies what her remaining memories are when she starts a conversation with Leo. She learns she has not lost all, except for the past few years of her life given she still remembers that she wanted to be an artist in high school. Paige is unable to figure out why she left law school. Later her parents learn about the accident and come to visit her and it is for the first time that Leo meets them. They learn that the doctor recommends she return to her normal routine but her parents and Leo disagree about what her normal routine is at the present time. Leo tells Paige that she stopped talking to her parents before the accident mostly because her father insisted she attend law school while she attend art school. Paige is unable to understand why she broke off the engagement with Jeremy. Leo tries to persuade her to return home with him but she asks for proof such as a diary. He confirms that he does not know of such a diary existing before the accident. Her parents insist on taking her home with them and Paige agrees assuming she might have married Leo for some mutual benefit. Just as she's about to leave, Leo comes running to play her a voice message in which she sounds very happy and romantic. Paige decides to go back with Leo hoping it will help her regain her lost memory. On the drive to their home, Paige learns from Leo that the American president is Obama. She recognizes him as the senator. Leo states that she voted for him. Paige is welcomed home with a surprise party by her friends but as she's not able to remember any of them, she finds it overwhelming and isolates herself from the party. She expresses her anger at the situation to Leo after the party is over and everyone leaves their home. Paige asks him to leave her alone so he complies with her request. The next day Paige appears dressed in a Chicago Cubs hoodie and she says it's the only piece of clothing she owns that she feels comfortable putting on that morning. Leo informs her that it is actually owned by him. She grabs a piece of bacon and she puts it in her mouth but he informs her that she is vegetarian. Paige reassures Leo that she is fine and she tells him to go to his job. He reluctantly accepts her advice and he leaves her alone at home. Paige continues to eat the bacon once he has left for work. Paige discovers more evidence of her marriage with Leo while she is alone at home. These come in the form of a video recording of her wedding. She spots the Cafe Mnemonic menu in her hand while she is watching the video. Paige ventures out to Cafe Mnemonic but does not remember being there and loses her way back. She calls up her mom as she does not know or remember Leo's number. That evening Leo and Paige are invited for dinner by her parents. Paige's mom brings out filet mignon and she announces it is Paige's favourite dish. Paige accepts it happily despite Leo's puzzled expression. At the dinner and in the bar later, Leo does not fit in with her family and friends. Leo keeps trying to help her regain her memory but Paige is more drawn towards finding answers as to why she left law school or broke the engagement. And, in one such occasion with Jeremy, she kisses him. Leo attempts to get closer to Paige by tickling her like he did before the accident. The plan fails as she does not remember the ritual. Leo takes Paige to her art studio the next morning. He turns up the music in an attempt to jog her memory when he asks her to complete a piece of artwork. This plan also fails when the music only succeeds in giving her a headache. Her doctor advises her to fill the holes in her memory rather than be afraid of her past. With her sister Gwen's wedding approaching, Paige decides to stay with her parents until the wedding. Leo asks her out on a date and she accepts his proposal. He successfully spends the night with her and it ends with them making out before he takes her home. Leo returns home to find a stack of overdue bills waiting for him. After Gwen's wedding, Paige's dad confronts Leo about his debts and he concludes that Leo's best solution is to divorce his daughter. Leo punches Jeremy for talking about sleeping with Paige. Afterwards Leo confronts Paige and they agree that their relationship has reached its end. Paige rejoins law school and Leo signs the divorce papers. At a store, she meets with a former friend of hers whom she recognizes as Diane immediately. Diane apologizes for having a relationship with her dad; and Paige now realizes why she had left her family. When Paige confronts her mom about deceiving her, her mom tells her that she decided to stay with her dad for all the things he had done right instead of leaving him for one wrong act. Paige concludes that she must stay away from her parents in order to recover her true identity. Paige then asks Leo why he never told her and he replies he wanted to earn her love instead of driving her away from her parents. Paige, while in class, starts sketching; thus depicting how she first left law school. She does it again and is back into sculpting and drawing. Though Jeremy confesses he broke up with his present girlfriend, hoping to be back with her, she turns him down stating she needs to know what life would be without him. Jeremy confesses to Paige that she dumped him the first time for a similar reason. And as seasons change, Leo, in a voiceover talks about "moments of impact and ripple effects bringing unpredictable change where some particles are brought crashing together, closer together while others are sent farther away." Back in her room, Paige finds the menu card on which she had written her vow and is deeply moved. The movie ends with Paige waiting for Leo at a closed Cafe Mnemonic and going with him to try a new place instead of their regular alternative, a Cuban place.
tt1564367
Comedy,Romance
Danny Maccabee (Adam Sandler) is a successful plastic surgeon in Los Angeles who feigns an unhappy marriage to get women, after having been heartbroken on his wedding day 20 years ago. The only woman aware of his schemes is his office manager Katherine Murphy (Jennifer Aniston), a divorced mother of two. At a party, Danny meets Palmer (Brooklyn Decker), a sixth grade math teacher, without his wedding ring on, and they have a connection together. The next morning, she ends up finding the ring, and she assumes he was hiding the fact he was married. She refuses to date him because her parents divorced due to adultery. Danny goes to Palmer's school to try to woo Palmer back. Instead of telling her the truth, he tells her that he is getting divorced from a woman named Devlin, named after Devlin Adams, whom Katherine had mentioned was an old college sorority nemesis. Palmer then insists on meeting Devlin, and Danny agrees. Danny asks Katherine to pose for him, and they go shopping on Rodeo Drive to buy her clothes so she can look like a trophy wife. At a hotel having drinks, Danny and Palmer are greeted by a made-over Katherine, who gives them her blessing. However, after hearing Katherine talking on the phone with her kids, Palmer assumes that her kids are Danny's as well, which Danny goes along with. Danny then privately meets with Katherine's kids, Maggie (Bailee Madison) and Michael (Griffin Gluck), to get them to play along. Initially Katherine is furious, but she reluctantly agrees. Palmer meets the kids, with Maggie using a fake British accent. Michael blackmails Danny in front of Palmer to take them all to Hawaii. At the airport, they are surprised by Danny's cousin Eddie (Nick Swardson), who has taken the disguise of "Dolph Lundgren" (not the actor), an Austrian sheep salesman and "Devlin's" lover. At the resort in Hawaii, Danny and Katherine run into the real life Devlin Adams (Nicole Kidman) and her husband Ian Maxtone-Jones (Dave Matthews), who allegedly invented the iPod. Because of Katherine and Devlin's long time rivalry, Katherine introduces Danny as her husband. Danny and Palmer spend time with Maggie and Michael, during which Michael breaks down. He says that his (real) father won't make time for him, causing Palmer to get upset. Palmer resolves to spend time with Katherine so Danny can spend time with the kids. Danny teaches Michael how to swim, and Katherine and Palmer look on in admiration at Danny winning the kids over. Katherine runs into Devlin, who invites her and Danny out to dinner. Eddie agrees to take Palmer out in the meantime. At dinner, Devlin asks Danny and Katherine to tell each other what they admire most about each other. They end up saying honest things to each other, with Katherine admiring his sense of humor, and Danny liking the fact that he's never had to lie to her. Danny and Katherine start to feel a connection, but when Palmer and Eddie return from their dinner date, Palmer suggests that she and Danny get married. Danny and Katherine are both surprised by her proposition, but Danny ultimately agrees. Danny later calls Katherine regarding his confusion, but Katherine says that she will be taking a job in New York City she mentioned to him earlier to start fresh. Palmer confronts Katherine regarding getting married to Danny, as she has noticed Danny's feelings for her, which Katherine dismisses. Katherine then runs into Devlin at a bar and admits that she made up being married to Danny to avoid embarrassment. Devlin confesses that she's divorcing Ian because he's gay and also that he didn't really invent the iPod. Katherine confides in Devlin saying she's in love with Danny even though they won't be together. Danny, however, shows up behind her, telling her that he didn't go through with marrying Palmer and that he's in love with Katherine and the two share a kiss. Danny and Katherine continue their vacation without Palmer, who heads back to the mainland alone, meeting a professional tennis player (Andy Roddick Brooklyn Decker's real-life husband) on the plane ride back who shares her interests. Sometime later, Danny and Katherine get married.
tt0414387
Drama,Romance
This film is the story of the Bennet family, a middle-class family in England around 1800. The principal characters are: Mrs. Bennet (Brenda Blethyn), a hyperexcitable woman obsessed with getting at least one of her daughters into a financially advantageous marriage. Mr. Bennet (Donald Sutherland), who is relaxed, easygoing, and unflappable. He is somewhat amused by the high-spirited behavior of the rest of the family. Jane (Rosamund Pike), the oldest of the daughters. She is serious and thoughtful, but quite shy. Elizabeth (Lizzie) (Keira Knightley), the second daughter and the main character. She is wise, witty, and outspoken. She enjoys (and is very good at) verbal sparring and skirmishing with people. Mary (Talulah Riley), the third, not at all socially outgoing or interested in chasing men. She spends her time reading, playing the piano, and speaking of how much more interesting nature is than human society. Katherine (Kitty) (Carey Mulligan), like Lydia, is a boy-crazy teenager. The two of them are not interested in any serious pursuits; they just want to go to parties and dances. Kitty is impressionable and takes her cues from Lydia. Lydia (Jena Malone) is even more frivolous than Kitty. Charles Bingley (Simon Woods) is a wealthy and good-natured gentleman from London who moves into a nearby estate, causing great interest among the Bennets. Fitzwilliam Darcy (Matthew Macfadyen) is an extremely wealthy gentleman from the North of England. Unfortunately, he is ill-at-ease and inarticulate in social situations. He does not express himself well, and creates a bad impression on people. The reason that an advantageous marriage is important is that the house and land are covered by a covenant that would give it to the eldest male heir on Mr. Bennet's death, but, having no sons, it will go to their cousin, William Collins. This would leave the family destitute. The film opens with a tracking shot of a green covered field on a sun-lit morning. Elizabeth "Lizzie" Bennet walks along the field finishing a book. Upon coming home, she overhears her mother telling her father excitedly that Netherfield, a nearby estate, has been rented by a Mr. Bingley, a wealthy gentleman from London. Mrs. Bennet begs Mr. Bennet to call on Mr. Bingley, believing him to be a very suitable match for any of her daughters. Mr. Bennett finally divulges that he has already met Mr. Bingley--he enjoys playing his low-key detached persona off of his wife's hyper-excitablility. When he says that they can all expect to see Mr. Bingley at an upcoming public ball, all of the Bennet daughters (who had been listening intently at the keyhole) squeal in excitement. Lizzie herself and the eldest sister Jane smile with pleasure, as the younger Lydia and Kitty jump up and down, and immediately begin to beg Jane to borrow her prettiest pair of shoes. Mary merely goes back to playing her piano. As Mr. Bennet leaves his study and sees that the five girls were all listening, he simply walks past them, amusedly saying "Good heavens! People!" Later, at the public ball, the entire party is dancing, talking, and laughing; especially Lydia and Kitty, who seem to be giddy about being out in public in front of gentlemen. As Jane and Lizzie stand to the side observing the dance, Lizzie tells Jane that she has no intention of ever marrying. Jane disagrees and teases; "One day, Lizzie, a man will catch your eye and then you will have to hold your tongue." Suddenly, the room goes silent, as Mr. Bingley enters the hall along with his pretentious sister Caroline (Kelly Reilly), and his aloof, taciturn, and extremely wealthy friend Mr. Darcy. Mrs. Bennet, in her artless and self-conscious way, wastes no time in introducing her daughters to the newcomers. She also introduces Lizzie's close friend Charlotte Lucas (Claudie Blakley). While Mr. Darcy and Miss Bingley stare with an air of superiority, Mr. Bingley strikes up a conversation with Jane and Elizabeth. He is very affable and pleasant, and he and Jane take an immediate liking to each other. They dance with each other twice, to Mrs. Bennet's immense delight. Mr. Darcy, on the other hand, does not dance at all. He hardly speaks to anyone other than Charles and Caroline Bingley. Lizzie overhears him make a cruel remark about her, leaving her with a strong impression that he is ill-mannered. She later takes an opportunity to engage in some not-very-friendly verbal sparring with him. She comes away from the dance with as negative an impression of him as Jane's positive impression of Bingley. At one point during the dance, Kitty and Lydia run up breathlessly to their mother, telling her that they have heard that the militia are due to stay in their town over the winter. This means lots of opportunities to meet men. The next morning, Jane receives a letter from Caroline Bingley inviting her to dinner at Netherfield, though Charles will be away. Jane goes there, but catches a bad cold on the way, and must stay a few more days until she recovers. (Mrs. Bennet apparently planned the cold in advance, so that Jane would have to stay at the house while Mr. Bingley was there; she had made Jane go to Netherfield on horseback in a driving rainstorm.) Eliza, worried for her sister, walks the long distance in the muddy roads to Netherfield to visit Jane. When enters the reserved and elegant parlor with her hair down and wild, with muddy shoes and skirt, Caroline and Darcy looked shocked at her arrival and her appearance. Lizzie apologizes and inquires about her sister; Darcy brusquely replies that Jane is upstairs resting. Eliza is suprised a bit by the quick reaction, but then smiles and goes upstairs to Jane. As soon as she has left the room, Caroline Bingley quickly remarks how disheveled she looked, stating she "was almost positively medieval." Mr. Bingley is looking after Jane while she is ill. Lizzie stays for a couple of days. Judging by Mr Bingley's concern for her sister, and his fumbling words around her, Elizabeth is sure that Mr Bingley is in love with Jane. During an encounter in the sitting room, Caroline shows her pretentious and aristocratic attitudes. She makes increasingly brazen remarks about the unpolished behavior of the Bennet family and even Elizabeth. She also seems to share Lizzie's skill at verbal sparring, and the two of them make sharp comments to Darcy. Darcy quietly hears hers out her venom but doesn't respond. He seems to be truly offended by both of them. Mrs. Bennet and the other 3 daughters all come to Netherfield to pick up Lizzie and Jane. Mrs. Bennet urges Mr. Bingley to hold a dance soon, and he says that he will. While getting into the carriage, Elizabeth is shocked when Darcy takes her hand to help her into the carriage. Then the dreaded cousin William Collins (Tom Hollander), a minister, comes to visit the Bennets. He is extremely shallow, pompous, patronizing, boring, and conceited. He is attracted to influence and wealth, and engages in transparently foolish flattery. Dinner is very tense; the family sees right through him. Lizzie, in particular, does some verbal sparring with him. After dinner, he approaches Mrs. Bennet about marrying Jane; finding a wife among the sisters was the purpose of the visit. Mrs. Bennet says that Jane appears to be taken, but that Lizzie is available. She is delighted at the thought of one of her daughters marrying the man who will inherit the estate anyway. The next morning, the girls go out to see a parade of the militia; Kitty and Lydia are particularly interested in flirting with them. Later, they meet one of them, a handsome lieutenant named Wickham (Rupert Friend). They all go to a nearby store to buy ribbons for the upcoming dance. On their walk home they encounter Bingley and Darcy. Darcy and Wickham stare at each other coldly, and Darcy quickly leaves. There is some kind of intense antagonism between the two. After Darcy and Bingley leave, Elizabeth, confused by the men's reactions to each other, asks Wickham about this, and he explains that Darcy had cheated him out of Darcy's father's generous bequest to him. Elizabeth is amazed at the story, but is not entirely shocked, given Darcy's personality. Her opinion of Darcy goes even lower. The family goes to Bingley's dance. Lizzie is particularly interested in finding Wickham, but he isn't there, presumably because of the antagonism with Darcy. Collins asks Lizzie to dance with her, to her great disgust. He dotes on her, but she hardly even looks at him or speaks to him. Then Darcy appears, and asks Lizzie to dance. She accepts, and then hurries off with Charlotte for a quiet space. They laugh in disbelief, and Eliza, smiling, admits that "this is most inconvenient" as she had resigned herself to loathe him for all eternity. During the dance, she engages in intense verbal battle with him, mentioning Mr. Wickham. Darcy gets extremely uncomfortable, but it is clear that the tension in their manners might be due to attraction. Charlotte warns Lizzie that Jane should show more affection and attention to Mr Bingley, to encourage him. Elizabeth defends Jane, countering that Jane is reserved and shy, but feels that the attention is enough. Charlotte maintains that we are all fools in love. Caroline notices the many social gaffes and generally low-class behavior of the Bennets and their cousin Mr. Collins, and she makes various disparaging remarks about this to Darcy. Bingley smiles at Jane just before the Bennet's leave, and Caroline knows the look on her brother's face means only one thing...love, and if she is going to have anything about it; she has to act quickly. She doesn't want her brother to marry a Bennet. The next morning, Mr. Collins proposes to Lizzie, in the most pompous and conceited way imaginable. Lizzie, who utterly loathes him, rejects the proposal. Her sisters (listening at the door as usual) are delighted that she turned down the pompous ass. But Mrs. Bennet is horrified that any opportunity for marriage has been passed up, particularly with the man who will inherit the estate. She demands that Lizzie change her mind. But Mr. Bennet sides with Lizzie. A letter arrives from Caroline, saying that the Bingleys, and Darcy, are leaving Netherfield indefinitely. The letter indicates that it is so that Darcy can go back to be with his sister Georgiana. Lizzie realizes that Caroline dragged Bingley away so she could set him up with Darcy's younger sister. Jane resigns herself to the thought that perhaps Bingley just never loved her at all. Lizzie protests and says that she is certain Bingley does love her, and that she should not give up. Lizzie tells Jane to go to London and stay with their aunt and uncle, and she is sure that Bingley will send for her before the week is out. The family bids Jane farewell the next morning as she rides off to London to seek out her love. Charlotte Lucas comes to visit Lizzie and tell her that she is engaged to Mr. Collins. Lizzie is appalled that she would marry such a shallow man. Charlotte replies that she is desperate--she is 27 and in danger of becoming a penniless old maid if she does not find a financially secure husband soon. A few weeks later, Charlotte invites Lizzie to visit her at her new home with Mr. Collins. Lizzie sees that Charlotte is genuinely happy. Mr. Collins takes Lizzie and Charlotte to visit his neighbor and patron, the fabulously wealthy and aristocratic Lady Catherine DeBourg (Judi Dench), who is also Darcy's aunt. Mr. Collins is extremely fawning and obsequious toward her. Mr. Darcy, and his cousin, Colonel Fitzwilliam (Cornelius Booth), are also there. Lady DeBourg is an incredibly haughty, arrogant, insolent, and overbearing person. At dinner, she quizzes Lizzie about her family. She is openly disdainful of the Bennets' lower class upbringing (specifically, not having had a governess), Lizzie's unseemly (to Lady Debourg) outspokenness, and the fact that the five girls were violating proper social protocol by all being "out in society" at the same time. After dinner, Lady DeBourg commands that Lizzie play the piano. Lizzie protests that she is a poor musician, but Lady DeBourg is not to be denied. While Lizzie is muddling her way through a piano piece, Darcy comes over, and the two of them engage in some verbal sparring. Fitzwilliam comes over and asks about Lizzie's impression of her earlier encounter with Darcy. Lizzie relates his seemingly antisocial behavior, not conversing or dancing with anyone. Darcy protests that he is not skilled in conversing with people to whom he has not been introduced. The verbal jabs continue. Darcy seems hurt by Lizzie's reproach. The next day, Mr. Darcy comes to the house, seeming to want to speak to Lizzie, but is then totally tongue-tied and unable to express himself. He leaves in an apparent state of confusion and agitation. During a boring church sermon by Mr. Collins, Lizzie and Colonel Fitzwilliam have a whispered conversation. Fitzwilliam reveals that Darcy, not Caroline, was the one who had separated Mr. Bingley from Jane. Later, in a shelter from a driving rainstorm, Darcy meets Lizzie and proclaims his love for her, saying that this is against his better judgement and despite her inferior social rank. An extremely bitter confrontation ensues. Lizzie denounces Darcy for his haughty demeanor and, more importantly, for interfering with Jane and Bingley. Darcy explains that he did this because he believed that Jane was not really interested in the relationship. Liz counters that Jane is simply very shy. "My sister hardly shows her true feelings to me!" Darcy also makes extremely disparaging comments about the remaining members of the Bennet family. Lizzie also brings up Mr. Wickham's claim that Darcy had cheated him out of his inheritance. Lizzie is so upset by this confrontation that she spends the rest of the day brooding about it back at the house. At nightfall, Darcy comes by and drops off a letter that he has written. Lizzie says nothing. In the letter, Darcy explains the relationship with Wickham. Darcy's father did indeed leave Wickham with a generous annual allowance. Wickham demanded, and received, the full principal, then gambled it away and came back for more. Darcy refused. Later, Wickham returned, and tried to elope with Darcy's sister Georgiana, to get her 30,000 pound inheritance. When he was told he would not get it, he disappeared. Darcy's letter also explains that Georgiana was only 15 at the time, and was thrown into a state of deep despair by this. Darcy explained that he had separated Jane from Bingley because he truly believed that he was helping his friend. Lizzie returns home. Jane is also home from London, having failed to find Mr. Bingley. She tells Lizzie, not very convincingly, that she is quite over her attraction to Bingley. She asks Lizzie whether there is any news from the visit with Charlotte. Lizzie say no; she lies. She specifically denies that Darcy had said anything about Bingley. Also, Lydia has been invited by a Colonel Forster to go on a trip to the South coastal resort at Brighton. Lizzie thinks it is a bad idea; Lydia is immature and impulsive, and could get into trouble. Lizzie pleads with her father to forbid it, and is furious when he doesn't. The Bennet sisters' aunt and uncle, Mr. (Peter Wight) and Mrs. (Penelope Wilton) Gardiner, are visiting, and will be going on a vacation in the Peak district to the North. They invite Lizzie to come with them, and she accepts. While on their travels, Lizzie's aunt and uncle suggest a visit to Pemberley, Darcy's grand estate, which is nearby and is open for visitors. Lizzie is reluctant to be anywhere near the man she hates, but consents to the trip when she is told that Darcy is away. Lizzie is utterly awed by the opulence and splendor of the house and grounds, particularly a sculpture gallery. The housekeeper tells the three visitors what a kind, caring, and generous person Mr. Darcy is. Lizzie begins to think that her earlier impression of him may have been wrong. Lizzie peeks into a room where a very young woman (who will turn out to be Darcy's younger sister Georgiana (Tamzin Merchant)) is playing the piano. She then sees Darcy enter, and he and the young woman welcome each other and embrace affectionately. Lizzie quickly leaves and goes outside. Darcy follows her and makes an awkward attempt to be conciliatory. He explains that he had returned from his trip early. He offers Lizzie a ride back to the inn where she is staying, but she declines, saying that she will walk. At dinner at the inn, Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner tell Lizzie that Darcy had come to talk to them, seemed to be a very gracious person, and had invited them all to come back to Pemberley the next day, so that Mr. Gardiner could go fishing and Lizzie could meet Georgiana. They do so. When Lizzie and Georgiana meet, the latter says "My brother has told me so much about you. I feel that we are friends already." Darcy then flatters Lizzie into playing piano duets with the much more talented Georgiana. The interaction between Lizzie and Darcy is completely pleasant and amicable this time, the first time that this has happened. Darcy is finally learning how to speak in a pleasing way. The Gardiners, Lizzie, and Darcy all go to the inn that evening for dinner. Lizzie receives a letter with the shocking news that Lydia has run away with Mr. Wickham. Darcy blames himself for this, for not having exposed Wickham's perfidy sooner. He then leaves, and the others hurry back to the Bennet's home. Mr. Bennet has gone to London to try to find Lydia and Wickham, and force them to marry. The family is totally devastated--in that society, an incident like this brings ruin upon the entire family. None of them will be able to marry well, and they will lose the estate upon Mr. Bennet's death. Mr. Bennet returns, but Mr. Gardiner is still searching. Then a letter arrives: Mr. Gardiner has found them, and they will get married if Wickham is promised a settlement of 100 pounds per year. Mr. Bennet will pay it, but they are convinced that the actual demand must have been in the thousands, and that Mr. Gardiner is paying the bulk of it. The newlyweds then arrive for a visit before going to the North of England, where Wickham will be stationed. At lunch, Lydia lets slip what was supposed to be a secret--that Darcy was at the wedding, and was in fact the one who had found her and Wickham. Lizzie realizes that Darcy had been noble and generous toward the Bennet family, and that he must have been the one that paid off Wickham. The Bennets later learn that Mr. Bingley is returning to town. Jane assures Lizzie, not very convincingly, that she has completely gotten over caring about him. Mrs. Bennet also feigns indifference. A short time later, Mr. Bingley arrives at the house, with Darcy. (There is a humorous scene where the family frantically cleans up the messy living room, finishing in the nick of time.) Mrs. Bennet, while pretending to be indifferent, is clearly excited at the thought that Bingley will propose to Jane. But the visit is somewhat awkward to all concerned. Bingley and Darcy then walk a short distance from the house, and Darcy helps Bingley rehearse his proposal to Jane. Back at the house, Lizzie begins to realize that Darcy brought Bingley back to town, attempting to repair the damage that he had caused by separating them. She realizes that her negative impression of Darcy had been wrong. Bingley returns and proposes to Jane, and she accepts (with the whole family listening intently at the door, of course.) The Bennet family is ecstatic that evening, until there is a knock on the door. It is Lady DeBourg. After issuing a few insults, she imperiously demands to speak to Lizzie alone. She tells Lizzie that she has heard a rumor that her nephew Darcy and Lizzie are to be married. She is scandalized that he would ruin the family name by marrying into such a low-class family. She demands that Lizzie promise that the rumor is false, and that she will never marry Darcy. Lizzie refuses to do so, and tells Lady DeBourg to leave, an almost unheard-of breach of decorum toward the aristocracy. Lizzie had been unaware of the rumor, and realizes that it must have come from Darcy, and that it means that Darcy is genuinely interested in her. She is so upset at the encounter with Lady DeBourg that she can't sleep. Finally, just before dawn, she gets up and goes for a walk outside. She meets Darcy, also going for a walk. He hadn't been able to sleep either. When Lady DeBourg had reported to him Lizzie's refusal to deny the rumor, he realized that there was hope that Lizzie might marry him. He says that he hopes that her view of him has changed from their earlier encounters. He apologizes for his past behavior, saying "You are too generous to trifle with me", and proposes to her. Just at the instant the Sun is rising between them, she accepts. Later that morning, in Mr. Bennet's study, Darcy asks for Lizzie's hand in marriage. Then he leaves and Lizzie goes in to talk to her father. "I thought you hated the man." "No, papa ... I was wrong. I was entirely wrong about him." He gives his consent, saying "I could not have parted with you, my dear Lizzie, to anyone less worthy." After she leaves, Mr. Bennet, who has now had three of his five daughters engaged or married within a few days, calls out "If any young men come for Mary or Kitty, for heaven's sake, send them in, I'm quite at my leisure."
tt0088128
Comedy,Romance
Awkward high school sophomore Samantha "Sam" Baker (Molly Ringwald) struggles to get through the day of her 16th birthday, which her entire family forgets because her older sister, Ginny (Blanche Baker), is getting married the next day. Sam is also plagued by her ongoing infatuation with popular and attractive senior Jake Ryan (Michael Schoeffling). Her day at school fares no better when she finds out that her completed "sex quiz," which she surreptitiously slipped to her friend, never reached her (and, unbeknownst to either of them, was intercepted by Jake Ryan himself). Sam panics, as the quiz contains personal information, including the fact that she is a virgin and is saving herself for Jake. At the same time, she doesn't know that Jake has the hots for her as well, but is too insecure to even talk to her. Samantha has a whole new set of problems when she arrives home to find that both sets of grandparents are staying for the duration of the wedding visit. On top of it all, one set of grandparents brings along bizarre Chinese exchange student Long Duc Dong (Gedde Watanabe). Sam's grandparents force her to take him along to her school dance that night and, to Sam's amazement, it takes "The Donger" only five minutes to find an unlikely girlfriend: the tallish, large-breasted jock, Marlene, promptly nicknamed "Lumberjack." A running subplot involves a geeky freshman, (Anthony Michael Hall) who continually (and unsuccessfully) tries to bed his love interest, Sam, to satisfy a bet with his friends. The character is referred to on several occasions in the movie as either "Ted" or "Farmer Ted", but he is credited solely as "the Geek." In the auto-shop room during the dance, Sam and Ted begin talking, and Sam confesses her love for Jake. Upon hearing this, Ted tells her that Jake has been asking about her at the dance, and they agree that Sam should just go and talk to him. As she's leaving, Ted reveals the wager to Sam, who, in her excited state, agrees to loan him her panties to help him win a dozen floppy disks. Later (after a peepshow of Sam's panties for $1 admission, which she does not find out about until the next day), Ted and his equally unwelcome friends, Cliff (Darren Harris) and Bryce (John Cusack), crash the senior after-party at Jake's house during which the entire house is completely trashed. A small group of beer-chugging jocks pin Farmer Ted under a glass table, abduct his two geek friends, and take them for a joyride in the trunk of their car before releasing them unharmed. At night's end, Jake finds Ted trapped under the table and they begin to talk. Jake inquires further about Sam, and Ted explains the situation. Jake makes a deal with Ted: If Ted lets Jake keep Sam's panties, then he will let Ted drive home his inebriated, stuck-up, prom queen girlfriend, Carolyn Mulford (Haviland Morris), in Jake's father's Rolls Royce. They never get home because the very drunk Carolyn makes moves on Ted while he's driving before passing out. Ted the Geek takes the opportunity to drive over to Cliff and Bryce's house to ask them to take a photo of him with Carolyn together in the back seat of the car. At Samantha's house the next morning, after some ensuing madness with all her obnoxious relatives, the family eventually makes up before the wedding and apologizes for forgetting her birthday. They drive to the church, where a very nervous Ginny takes a few too many tranquilizers and causes a scene throughout the wedding ceremony. Meanwhile, Jake goes on a search for Samantha at her house, only to find Long Duck Dong there getting over a bad hangover, who tells him where Sam went. Jake finds Carolyn and Ted the Geek passed out in the back seat of the Rolls in a nearby parking lot, where he uses the excuse of finding them together to break up with Carolyn (who had surprisingly fallen for Ted, and thus doesn't mind the breakup very much). Afterward, Jake drives to the church just in time to meet an incredulous Sam after her sister's wedding. Here, Jake and Samantha finally meet face to face for the first time, and Jake invites her over to his house rather than to Ginny's wedding reception. Samantha accepts. The movie concludes with Jake and Samantha sharing a kiss over a birthday cake with 16 candles.
tt1456635
Comedy,Drama,Sport
Doug Glatt (Seann William Scott) from Massachusetts, feels ostracized from his family, his father (Eugene Levy) and brother both being doctors. One day he attends a minor league hockey game with his friend Pat (Jay Baruchel). Pat taunts the visiting team during a fight and one of their players climbs into the stands. Doug, in defense of his friend, quickly knocks him out, which prompts the rest of the crowd to cheer him on. Soon after, Doug gets a phone call from the coach of his hometown team who offers him a job as an enforcer, a player whose role is to protect his teammates and act as a deterrent by hitting or fighting opposing players who take liberties with his teammates. In the meantime, veteran enforcer and Doug's idol Ross "The Boss" Rhea (Liev Schreiber) is demoted to the minors after serving a 20 game suspension for slashing an opponent in the head from behind. Three years prior, Rhea hit and concussed the highly skilled prospect Xavier Laflamme (Marc-Andre Grondin) who has had trouble recovering from that incident due to the fear of being hit, being stuck in the minors and falling in with the wrong crowd. After earning himself the nickname "The Thug", Doug is called up to Canada and hired by Laflamme's team, the Halifax Highlanders, to protect Laflamme and be his roommate. The Highlanders experience success with Doug as their primary enforcer, and he quickly gains popularity among fans and teammates much to the chagrin of his parents and Laflamme, particularly after losing ice time and the alternate-captaincy to Doug. Doug becomes romantically involved with Eva (Alison Pill), a hockey fan with a penchant for players. With 4 games left on their schedule, the Highlanders need two wins to secure a playoff spot. On a road game in Quebec, after an opposing player concusses Laflamme with a heavy hit, Doug savagely beats the player unconscious and is suspended for the next game against Rhea and the St. John's Shamrocks. Doug encounters Rhea at a diner, where Rhea dismisses Doug's claim that he is a hockey player, calling him a goon. Rhea warns him that if they ever meet on the ice, he will "lay him the fuck out." The Highlanders, with Doug suspended and Laflamme hospitalized, lose to the Shamrocks. Doug reaches out to Laflamme, and promises him he will always have his back on the ice. In their next game, the Highlanders lead 1-0 thanks to renewed teamwork between Doug and Laflamme. In the dying seconds, Doug blocks a slapshot with his face and his ankle is broken in the ensuing scramble. The Highlanders win, but need a win against Rhea and the Shamrocks in their last game for a playoff spot. After two periods, the Shamrocks are beating the Highlanders 2-0. Rhea and Doug drop the gloves in the third period, and dole out and receive physical punishment during the fight. Doug is knocked down first, but Rhea calls off the referees and allows him to get back up. Doug manages to break Rhea's nose, but breaks his previously injured ankle in the process. Doug manages to stand back up and knocks out Rhea with a vicious cross. Eva and his teammates help a seriously injured Doug off the ice and Laflamme, inspired by Doug's efforts and Rhea's demise, scores a hat-trick to lead the Highlanders to a 3-2 victory and a play-off berth. While being comforted by Eva in the locker room, Doug victoriously comments, "I think I nailed him."
tt0119177
Drama,Sci-Fi,Thriller
In "the not-too-distant" future, where genetic engineering of humans is common and DNA plays the primary role in determining social class, Vincent (Ethan Hawke) is conceived and born without the aid of this technology. Suffering from the nearly eradicated physical dysfunctions of myopia and a congenital heart defect, as well as being given a life expectancy of 30.2 years, Vincent faces extreme genetic discrimination and prejudice. The only way he can achieve his life-long dream of becoming an astronaut is to break the law and impersonate a "valid", a person with appropriate genetic advantage.[4] He assumes the identity of Jerome Eugene Morrow (Jude Law), a former swimming star who, despite a genetic profile "second to none", won only a silver medal in a high-profile competition. He then attempted to commit suicide by jumping in front of a car, but again fell short of his goal in that he only succeeded in paralyzing himself from the waist down. However, as the incident occurred outside the country, no one knows of his newly acquired disability. Thus, Vincent can "buy" his identity with no one the wiser. Though he requires orthopedic surgery to increase his height, persistant practice to favor his right hand instead of his left, and contact lenses to replace his glasses while matching Jerome's eyes, he can use his "valid" DNA in blood, tissue and urine samples to pass any genetic test - as long as he takes extreme measures to leave no traces of his identity as an "in-valid". But, where he was once an object of scorn and pity, he is now a perpetrator of an unspeakable fraud. Legally, exposure would only subject him to fines, but socially the consequences would be far more extreme - he is now a heretic against the new order of genetic determinism. Vincent is now a "borrowed ladder" (a reference to the ladder structure of an un-coiled DNA strand) or in harsher language, a de-gene-erate. With Jerome's impressive genetic profile he easily gains access to the Gattaca Aerospace Corporation (his interview consists entirely of a urine test), the most prestigious space-flight conglomerate of the day. With his own equally impressive determination, he quickly becomes the company's ace celestial navigator. But a week before Vincent is scheduled to leave for Saturn's moon Titan, the mission director is murdered, and evidence of Vincent's own "in-valid" DNA is found in the building in the form of an eyelash. The presence of this unexpected DNA attracts the attention of the police, and Vincent must evade ever-increasing security as his mission launch date approaches and he pursues a relationship with his co-worker Irene Cassini (Uma Thurman). After numerous close calls, the investigation eventually comes to a close as Director Josef (Adam S. Gottbetter) is arrested for the murder by the lead detective covering the investigation (Alan Arkin). The Director reveals that he murdered the mission director in order to buy time for the mission to launch, because the window of opportunity for the launch is only open once every seventy years, and that it is now too late to stop the launch. However, just as Vincent appears to be in the clear, he is confronted by one of the detectives, who is revealed as Vincent's estranged brother, Anton (Loren Dean). Anton tries to convince Vincent to go with him for protection before Vincent is found out. However, it soon becomes apparent that Anton is acting more out of insecurity and is more concerned with how Vincent had managed to get the better of him, despite his supposed genetic superiority. Vincent and Anton settle their competition as they did when they were children, by seeing who could swim out into the ocean farthest. As he did once before when they were young, Vincent manages to beat his brother, and, once again, saves him from drowning. This is simply because he refused to save any strength to swim back - he is willing to risk everything to succeed. Conversely his brother worried about preserving enough strength to swim out and return again, and these fears kept him from testing his true limits. Anton: "Vincent! How are you doing this, Vincent? How have you done any of this? We have to go back!" Vincent: "It's too late for that, we're closer to the other side." Anton: "What other side? Do you want to drown us both" Vincent: "You want to know how I did it? This is how I did it, Anton. I never saved anything for the swim back." As the day of the launch finally arrives, Jerome bids Vincent farewell and says that he intends to travel too. He reveals that he has stored enough genetic samples to last Vincent two lifetimes. Overwhelmed and grateful, Vincent thanks Jerome for "lending" him the identity that has allowed his success at Gattaca. Jerome replies, however, that it is he who should be grateful, since Vincent lent Jerome his dreams. As Vincent moves through the Gattaca complex to the launch site, he is stopped for an unexpected DNA test. Vincent reluctantly agrees to take the test, even though he has none of Jerome's genetic material to hide his identity. The test result uncovers Vincent's "in-valid" status, and the doctor, Lamar (Xander Berkeley), reveals that he has known Vincent's true identity all along, saying: "For future reference, right-handed men don't hold it with their left. Just one of those things". Lamar then alters the test result to allow him to proceed regardless, confessing that his son admires Vincent, and wants to be an astronaut just like him, despite an unforeseen genetic defect that would already rule him out. As the shuttle lifts off, Jerome is shown committing suicide inside his home incinerator, wearing his silver medal, which turns gold in the flames. The story centers on the irony of the perfect Jerome failing to succeed despite being given every advantage while the imperfect Vincent transcends his deficiencies through force of will and spirit. A milder version of the disorder that afflicts Vincent prevents Irene from taking part in space flight. This dichotomy shows how the eugenic policy in Gattaca and the world in which it is set adversely affect the humanity of both Vincent and Jerome, as well as the "invalid" and "valid" humans they represent. A coda, cut from the final film, lists various people who have succeeded despite genetic deficiencies (and would be excluded in the modern society of Gattaca), such as Albert Einstein and Abraham Lincoln.
tt1596350
Action,Comedy,Romance
Best friends FDR and Tuck are CIA agents working together. They are assigned to prevent an international criminal, Heinrich, from acquiring a weapon of mass destruction. But the mission goes wrong when Heinrich's brother is killed - making the agents a target for Heinrich. As a consequence, the agents are assigned to desk duty. FDR and Tuck have very different attitudes when it comes to women. FDR is a womanizer, whereas Tuck is looking for love. Tuck has been unable to get back together with his son's mother, Katie, who is dating someone new. So he decides it's to get back in the game and signs up for online dating. He ends up on a date with Lauren, who has been registered on the dating site by her friend after a failed engagement. They meet at a bar for a drink and it goes well. At the end of the date, Lauren goes to the DVD store where she encounters FDR, who is looking to hook-up. FDR attempts to flirt with her, not knowing she was Tuck's date. When she rejects him, he begins to pursue her by turning up to a product testing session at her work. In an effort to get rid of him, she agrees to go on a date. The date doesn't go well, until Lauren bumps into her ex-fiance with his new girlfriend. She proceeds to pretend that FDR is her new boyfriend and that they are very much in love. She is impressed that he goes along with it. As a result, Lauren ends up dating both men - unable to decide which one she likes better. FDR and Tuck discover that they are dating the same girl - but neither one is willing to back down. They make an agreement to carry on dating her (without her knowing that they know each other) but neither must sleep with her - it is then up to her to decide who she wants to date. However, they soon begin underhand tactics to scupper the other, using all the resources of the CIA surveillance at their disposal. As Heinrich catches up with the agents. They are in a car chase, which Lauren is caught up in having gone to lunch with Tuck. On Lauren's advice, they shoot the headlights on Heinrich's car, deploying the airbags and sending Heinrich's car spiraling out of control. Lauren must suddenly choose which side of the road to jump to for protection - Tucks or FDRs. She chooses FDR. Tuck is gracious and declares that he is happy for them both as Lauren confesses that she wants to be with FDR. Later, Tuck reconciles with Katie. When FDR and Tuck are about out to jump out of a Chinook helicopter, FDR tells Tuck that he is going to marry Lauren. He also reveals that he had sex with Katie before she met Tuck, and no longer feels guilty about it because Tuck had sex with Lauren. Tuck, however, reveals that they didn't go all the way and angrily tackles FDR out of the plane.
tt0117008
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
Matilda Wormwood (Mara Wilson) is an incredibly brilliant child born to crass and ignorant parents. Her father Harry (Danny DeVito), a crooked car salesman, and her mother Zinnia (Rhea Perlman), a dim-witted Bingo enthusiast, ignore their daughter constantly and, despite her pleas, do not enroll her in school. Left home alone all day, young Matilda makes frequent trips to the library for mental stimulation. She develops a love for reading, and for knowledge in general. Matilda's intelligence does not impress her father, who interprets it as "being a smart-aleck." After being unfairly punished once too often, Matilda plays a stealthy string of practical jokes on Harry (including swapping his hair oil with bleaching peroxide, and gluing his hat to his head). After a particularly nasty outburst from Harry, Matilda stares at the television in anger until it explodes. Confused by the phenomenon, she shakes it off. A disgruntled Harry finally enrolls Matilda in Crunchum Hall Elementary, after the principal becomes a customer at his dealership. Miss Agatha Trunchbull (Pam Ferris), the headmistress, is an enormous, intimidating, and brutal woman with a passionate hatred for children. Matilda arrives at her first day of kindergarten and befriends two students, Hortensia and Lavender, who warn her of Miss Trunchbull's violent habits. The student body witnesses Trunchbull, an ex-Olympian, perform a "human hammerthrow," and fling a little girl over a nearby fence by her pigtails. Despite the initial horrors of Crunchum Hall, Matilda's teacher Miss Honey (Embeth Davitz) is a kind and gentle woman, and Matilda is praised for her intelligence for the first time. Miss Honey speaks with Matilda's parents at their house and attempts to convince them of their daughter's brilliance. They rebuff her rudely, but she is not dissuaded from finding intellectual stimulation for Matilda. The next day at school, Miss Trunchbull once again demonstrates her cruelty. Calling all the students to a special assembly, she devises a public punishment for a boy called Bruce Bogtrotter who had allegedly stolen cake from the school kitchen. Trunchbull forces him to eat an enormous cake in one sitting, and is furious when he manages to succeed without getting sick. She gives the whole student body a five-hour detention. The next day, Miss Trunchbull's car breaks down and she takes her anger out on Matilda, simply because she is Mr. Wormwood's daughter. Matilda is put in the Chokey, a small closet in Trunchbull's office studded with nails on the inside, forcing its inhabitant to stand poker-straight. Miss Honey's class prepares for a lecture from the headmistress, who visits classrooms sporadically to intimidate the children up close. Matilda's friend Lavender gets revenge on Trunchbull by hiding a newt in the water pitcher on the teachers desk. While Miss Trunchbull menaces the students, Miss Honey rescues Matilda from the Chokey and brings her back to class. After Trunchbull drinks a glass of water she spots the newt, causing her to have an uncharacteristically childish panic attack when she sees it. She instantly blames Matilda for the newt in the glass. Matilda is furious and, using the same angry energy from the television explosion, manages to tip the glass over with her eyes, sending the newt flying onto Trunchbull. Trunchbull blames Matilda again but Miss Honey points out that Matilda had never left her seat. After the disgruntled headmistress leaves, Matilda tells Miss Honey that she had indeed tipped the glass over using her eyes. She cannot repeat the phenomenon in the moment, but Matilda knows she has a strange mental power that had also caused her parents' television to explode. Matilda and Miss Honey soon form a bond, and Matilda is invited over for tea after school. Miss Honey lives in a tiny cottage, and tells Matilda the story of her childhood: She had once lived in a beautiful mansion (which they had passed on the walk from school), where Miss Trunchbull now lives. Miss Honey's mother had died early on, and her father invited his wife's stepsister (Trunchbull) to look after the house and his daughter. Miss Trunchbull, not surprisingly, was cruel to her niece. A few years later, Miss Honey's father mysteriously died, and his death was ruled a suicide. Miss Honey walks Matilda home, and they pass Trunchbull's house once again. Matilda suggests they go in and retrieve Miss Honeys beloved childhood doll, as they saw Miss Trunchbull getting into her car and preparing to leave. Miss Honey tries to dissuade Matilda, but the girl dashes into the house leaving Miss Honey with no choice but to follow her. They explore the house briefly, with Miss Honey experiencing nostalgia from her childhood, but are terrified when they hear Miss Truchbull re-enter. Her car (purchased from Harry Wormwood) broke down on the driveway, and as she bellows to him over the phone she senses something awry. Matilda and Miss Honey desperately evade Truchbull as she tears through the hallways searching for the intruders, and escape from the house just in time. Out of breath and terrified, Miss Honey makes Matilda promise to never enter the house again. Harry is being secretly followed by two undercover agents (Paul Reubens and Tracey Walter) due to his shady methods of restoring shoddy used cars, such as reversing the mile counter with a drill and attaching bumpers with superglue. Agents Bob and Bill lurk in a car outside the Wormwood house, snapping incriminating photos of Harry. Meanwhile, Matilda discovers that her telekinetic powers work when channeling her anger towards her family. She uses this knowledge to practice her telekinesis, and soon becomes adept enough to move objects quickly and easily from a good distance away. Matilda buys some extra time for her father by stealing the agents' evidence tape and disposing of it. Matilda resolves to return to Trunchbull's house and retrieve Miss Honey's doll. On a stormy night, she climbs onto Trunchbull's garage roof and begins to move items inside the house in order to scare the superstitious woman. Matilda transports the doll out of a window, and escapes. A horrified Miss Trunchbull seeks refuge in her car, but discovers Matilda's red hair ribbon (blown off during the storm). She brings it to school the following day, and menaces Miss Honey's class to a new degree. Matilda finally demonstrates her powers to Miss Honey, and uses them to write a message on the blackboard which the children read in eerie unison. The message appears to be from the ghost of Miss Honey's father, demanding that Trunchbull give his daughter back her house and rightful possessions. It is suggested that he was, in fact, murdered by Miss Trunchbull long ago. When Trunchbull is sufficiently frightened, Matilda uses her powers to battle Miss Trunchbull by pummeling her with flying classroom equipment. The broken-down and horrified headmistress flees the school forever and is pelted with food by the entire student body. Some time later, Matilda is visiting Miss Honey, who lives in her childhood home once again. The Wormwoods suddenly arrive and (with sirens in the background) say they are immediately moving to Guam and demand that Matilda get in the car. Matilda resists and produces adoption papers, begging to be allowed to stay with Miss Honey. Miss Honey defends Matilda and agrees. Matilda's mother finally shows remorse for her treatment of her daughter, and signs the papers to grant her a better life. The Wormwoods leave forever. Eventually, Miss Honey is named the new principal of Crunchum Hall Elementary. She and Matilda start a new life together, with Matilda only using her telekinesis for small tasks like removing a book from a shelf.
tt0117060
Action,Adventure,Thriller
Ethan Hunt (Tom Cruise) is an agent and "point man" for an Impossible Missions Force (IMF) team, an unofficial branch of the CIA, led by Jim Phelps (Jon Voight). In Kiev, the team is working on a mission: a disguised Hunt is interrogating a Russian agent who has been tricked into believing he murdered fellow IMF agent Claire Phelps (Emmanuelle Bart), Jim Phelps' wife. Claire has been given a drug to make her appear dead but the team doesn't have much longer before Claire will be beyond reviving. The Russian finally gives up the name they're looking for and is taken away after the name checks out. Claire is revived, asking if the ruse was successful; Ethan assures her it was. While in flight, Jim Phelps is given a tape containing a covert mission for his team. The team assembles in a Prague apartment/safe house to prevent an Eastern European diplomat, Golitsyn, from stealing a Non-official cover (NOC) list - a comprehensive list of all covert agents in Eastern Europe. They go over every details of the plan and the equipment they will be using. The mission runs smoothly, everyone achieves their mission goals and the team obtains video evidence of Golitsyn stealing the NOC list and exiting the building. Unfortunately, that's when everything goes inextricably wrong. Over their radio frequency, Ethan hears his teammate Jack (Emilio Estevez, uncredited), dying from getting impaled on a spike after losing control of the elevator he had been riding all night, which also happens to be the one Golitsyn used to escape. His other teammates Hannah Williams and Claire are killed when their car is bombed with them inside. His mentor Jim Phelps is killed by an unseen assassin that he had reported was following him on the Charles Bridge. Sarah follows Ethan's order to pursue Golitsyn but finds him being stabbed to death; the assassin grabs her and kills her as well. Ethan arrives too late only to find them both dead and realizing the disc Golitsyn has used is gone. Fleeing the scene, Hunt stops at a pay phone to call his agency and alert them of the tragic outcome of their mission. Eugene Kittridge (Henry Czerny), the CIA-based director of the IMF, tells Ethan to meet him at a local cafe. Ethan is surprised to find out that Kittridge is in Prague too. An hour later, Ethan, very much in shock from the previous events, meets with Kittridge but soon realizes they are not alone; another IMF team is surrounding them, people Hunt recalls seeing at the embassy. When he questions Kittridge about it, Hunt is disturbed to learn that a mole has infiltrated the IMF with a cover name known only as "Job 314" and that the Prague operation was meant to ferret out the mole by allowing him to acquire the NOC list and attempt to sell it to Max, an illegal arms dealer known for corrupting IMF agents. The NOC list found in Prague was a fake, the real list is being held at the CIA headquarters in Virginia. With Hunt being the sole survivor, Kittridge assumes he is the mole they were looking for. Realizing he'll be taken into custody before he can clear his name, Hunt mounts a daring escape from the cafe using exploding "red light/green light" chewing gum to blow up a huge fish tank, fleeing into Prague's Old Town Square. Ethan returns to the IMF safe house, where he uses the internet to seek out Max. Looking over the screen of his laptop, he sees a Bible on a bookshelf above the screen and deduces that "Job 314" actually stands for the Book of Job, chapter 3, verse 14. Ethan then assumes the web entity of Job314 on several different biblical websites and discussion boards and sends out emails to as many Max entities he can find in all kinds of languages before falling asleep. He suddenly awakes to the sound of footsteps in the lobby and an intruder entering the apartment; he hallucinates that it's Jim, bloody and dying, but it turns out to be Claire, still alive and having survived the mission. She reveals she wasn't in the car when it exploded. He tells her about the mole mission, how he's been disavowed by the Agency and that he needs to contact Max to seek out the mole called "Job". Ethan receives a reply to one of his emails, telling him to go to a specific intersection in Prague. He is taken to a meeting with Max, finding out that she's actually a woman. Ethan tells her that the disc she received from Job is a fake and likely has a tracking device on it that will activate as soon as she tries to read the disk, allowing the IMF to find them. Ethan's hunch is correct and they flee the apartment, narrowly escaping Kittridge and his team. Ethan then offers to retrieve the real NOC list for Max in exchange for a cash advance and arranging a meeting with Job, Max agrees to the deal. Ethan uses Max' money to assemble a team of blacklisted or disavowed intelligence agents, including computer expert Luther Stickell (Ving Rhames) and pilot Franz Krieger (Jean Reno). Disguised as a team of firefighters, they infiltrate the heavily fortified headquarters of the CIA in Langley, Virginia,under the pretense of a fire alarm created by Luther. After neutralizing a security guard, Ethan is lowered into a highly secured chamber housing the only computer terminal holding the NOC list. Though he's nearly dropped to the floor and detected by the room's sophisticated security system, he's still able to copy the list and escape with Krieger's help. The team retreats to a London hotel. Once there, Hunt accidentally finds out that the Bible he took in Prague belongs to the Chicago's Drake Hotel, where Phelps claimed to have stayed for a "recruitment" session. After seeing on the news that his uncle and mother have been falsely arrested for drug trafficking in an attempt to lure him out, Hunt is infuriated, and contacts Kittridge, who offers to drop the fake charges the moment Hunt surrenders himself to authorities. Hunt hangs up the phone after allowing Kittridge to trace him to the London area, turns around and walks right into Jim Phelps. Phelps, looking very ill, reveals that Kittridge was the one who tried to kill him, that he is the mole and that he is tying up loose ends by trying to apprehend Hunt. Ethan listens carefully to Jim while in his mind piecing together the clues he discovered leading up to his own operation and realizes that Phelps is Job himself. Hunt also realizes that Krieger is also involved when he remembers that Krieger uses the same kind of knife that was used to kill both Golitsyn and Sarah. His thoughts however are not so clear about Claire's involvement in the conspiracy. He pretends to buy Jim's story and keeps their meeting a secret from everyone else. The next day, Max and Ethan arrange to meet aboard the high-speed TGV train en route from London to Paris, with Claire and Luther aboard to provide backup. Kittridge is also aboard, having recently arrived in London and receiving tickets for the TGV and a video watch from Hunt. In the train, Ethan delivers the NOC list to Max, who directs him to the luggage compartment to find his money, and Job. Max then attempts to transmit the NOC list to a remote server, an operation hindered by Luther, who keeps jamming the signal to prevent the upload. Claire, observing Kittridge's presence aboard the train, vacates her seat and meets with Phelps in the luggage car, confirming that she really is part of the conspiracy. A silent "Jim" slowly peels away his mask... revealing himself as Ethan. Suddenly, the real Phelps appears, armed and demanding the NOC list money. Ethan surrenders the money before pulling out a pair of glasses. He slides them over his eyes, activating the camera inside and transmitting Phelps's image to Kittridge, proving beyond doubt that Phelps is still alive and outing him as the mole IMF was looking for. Phelps, now revealed as a traitor, shoots Claire in anger when she speaks against killing Ethan. He then subdues Ethan before escaping to the roof of the train, where Krieger, also a traitor, waits to extract him with a helicopter. Ethan recovers and follows Phelps, impeding his efforts to escape and tethering Krieger's helicopter to the train as it heads into the Channel Tunnel. The fight continues, with the helicopter now following the train inside the tunnel. The two fight atop the wind-swept train before Phelps disconnects the helicopter from the train and attempts to escape. Ethan follows, leaping onto the helicopter's landing skids and attaching explosive "red light/green light" gum to the windshield. The ensuing explosion destabilizes the helicopter which crashes killing both Phelps and Krieger while Ethan narrowly escapes. Kittridge, satisfied that the mole has been neutralized, the NOC list has been retrieved and he's now holding Max's true identity, reinstates Luther as an IMF agent and drops his investigation against Ethan, who has supposedly resigned from the IMF. In the final scene, as Ethan flies home, a flight attendant approaches him and through a coded phrase offers him a new mission.
tt0446029
Action,Comedy,Fantasy
Set in a surreal world where our whole society is a giant computer system video game, the movie opens in Toronto, Ontario with Scott Pilgrim (Michael Cera) hanging out with his bandmates in a local rock and roll band called, Sex Bob-Omb. The drummer, Kim Pine (Alison Pill) used to go out with Scott in high school. Stephen Stills (Mark Webber) is The Talent and Young Neil (Johnny Simmons) lives there and hangs out with the band. Scott is telling them about his new girlfriend, Knives Chau (Ellen Wong). She's a 17-year-old high schooler five years younger then him. He likes going out with her because its simple. Knives arrives to watch them practice. As they practice, Knives watches in awe and becomes their biggest fan. After practice, Scott walks home with Knives. She's fawning and Scott eats it up. They arrive at his place but he doesn't invite her in. He says its a no girls allowed kind of place but asks her if she wants to see the house he grew up in. She says yes and they walk a couple feet across the street and there it is. Scott comes into his apartment and tells his gay roommate Wallace Wells (Kieran Culkin) that before he hears any rumors, yes he is dating a high school girl and tells him not to tell her. Immediately after, Scotts sister Stacey (Anna Kendrick) calls and yells at him for dating a high school girl. She heard it from Wallace. Later at night, Scott has a dream where he's in the desert all alone when all of a sudden a girl with hot pink hair roller skates by and tells him that he's just dreaming. Scott wakes up alarmed and tells Wallace, who sleeps in the same bed, as well as Other Scott (Ben Lewis) Wallace's boyfriend. The next day, Scott meets up with Knives at the library. He's distracted, as he can't get the mysterious pink-haired girl out of his head. As they head towards the check out counter, he sees her delivering a package and roller-skates away. Later, at band practice, Scott is still distracted. Stephen tells them the good news that they are going to be competing in a battle of the bands, where their main rival will be Crash and the Boys. That night, they go to Julie Powers (Aubrey Plaza) house party to schmooze and hang out with record people. This is boring to Scott who declares he will now go pee out of boredom. Scott sees Comeau (Nelson Franklin) who knows everyone and shows him a picture that he drew of the girl he saw. Comeau says yes, that is Ramona Flowers (Mary Elizabeth Winstead), who is supposed to be at the party tonight. Scott goes around the entire party looking for her and asking about her. Many party guest say that she is hardcore and hard to date. He finally finds her and tries to hit on her, failing miserably. He says he will leave her alone now. Scott goes to Julie and asks what her deal is. She says she's American and has a job at Amazon. Stephen, who used to date Julie, says she just broke up with some Gideon guy in New York. Julie is angry because she didn't want Scott to know that. During the rest of the party, he stalks her until she leaves. The next day, Scott goes onto the computer to order something from Amazon.com so Ramona will deliver it. He also gets an e-mail from some guy named Patel talking about a duel and a 'League of Evil Exes' but Scott declares it boring and deletes it. He sits in front of the door, waiting for the package he just ordered. The bell rings but its Knives. He hangs out with her begrudgingly but all he can think about is Ramona. He has another dream where he sees Ramona skating by and follows her to his own door. He wakes up and rushes to the front door and opens it before she can ring the bell. Ramona says there's a door in his subconscious that is a really easy shortcut in the subspace highway. She forgets that they don't have too much of that in Canada. Scott asks her out repeatedly and she finally relents. Scott and Ramona go out for a date outside, despite the snow and cold. To escape the cold, Ramona takes another subspace shortcut door and they arrive at her apartment. They make out but Ramona decides not to have sex with him tonight. Scott stays the night. The next day, Scott invites her to the battle of the bands. Scott is at the battle of the bands and sees Ramona. Also there, are Wallace, Stacey, and her friend Jimmy. Wallace constantly hits on Jimmy all night. Knives also arrives making it extremely awkward for Scott as everyone stares at him. He runs away backstage. Crash and the Boys play a great set, which freaks out Stephen thinking they can't follow that. They go up and in the middle of their performance Matthew Patel (Satya Bhabha) crashes into the room and attacks Scott. They get into a big fight. Scott asks him why they are fighting. He is one of Ramona's seven evil ex lovers. And by the rules of the video game world which they live in, he must defeat them all in order to go out with her. Scott defeats him and he bursts into a bunch of coins. Scott and Ramona leave on a bus where she explains that they are now dating but he must defeat all of her evil ex lovers. With one down, there are six to go. Scott tells Wallace that he needs the place in order to have a date with Ramona tonight. Wallace tells him that he will let him as long as he breaks up with Knives right now. Scott doesnt want to because itll be too hard but he does it anyway. Knives tells Scott shes in love with him but Scott breaks it off. Wallace goes to The Castle to watch them film a movie starring ex-pro skater, now action star Lucas Lee (Chris Evans) while Scott and Ramona have their date. Their date goes fine but Scott starts to feel uncomfortable once the conversation turns to their pasts. Scott had a bad break up with a girl named Envy Adams (Brie Larson) who left him after her band Clash at Demonhead got a huge record deal. They go over to the Castle to watch the movie shoot and they find out that Lucas Lee was one of Ramonas evil exes. Scott gets beat up by his stunt doubles but he turns it around and beats them all up. But Lucas is too powerful so Scott goads him into grinding with his skateboard on a really long rail. He agrees and does it but he goes too fast and explodes, defeating him. Scotts sad because he didnt get his autograph. Ramona left during the fight without saying bye to Scott. Scott tries to call her the next day but she won't answer. Wallace is rooting for their relationship so Scott can move out and he wont have to feel guilty about kicking him out. In an allyway, Scott is randomly attacked by a young teenage punk girl named Roxy Richter (Mae Whitman). He say's hes not really in the mood for this so she leaves, threatening to return later. Scott goes to the coffee shop where Stacey works to talk to her but she's already left. Scott finds Ramona, however, and they talk about how they dont want their past to affect their current relationship. At that moment, Scott sees Envy standing behind her. Her band Clash at Demonhead is playing in Toronto tonight and she invites Scott and his friends, including Ramona to come by and listen. At the concert, we find out that the bassist, Todd Ingram (Brandon Routh) is another one of Ramonas evil exes. We also find Knives is going out with Young Neil now, only to stay close to Scott. Knives notices that Scott is with Ramona now, which drives her to a jealous rage. Envy invites them all backstage where they very awkwardly sit together. Knives acts like an overexcited fan and Todd punches her. Scott pounces, ready to fight, but Todd has psychic powers and stops him mid-air. He has superpowers because he's a vegan and he went to Vegan Academy. They fight for a bit but Scott finds its hopeless so he challenges him to a bass battle. Todd wins knocking him into the next room. Before Todd can finish Scott off, Scott offers Todd some coffee with soymilk in it. But it actually has milk in it, forcing Todd to lose his vegan powers. Then the Vegan Police (Thomas Jane and Clifton Collins Jr.) arrive and punish Todd by destroying him. He bursts into coins. Scott apologizes to Envy and leaves with Ramona. Scott and Ramona go to Clash at the Demonheads after party. Scott is upset that all of Ramonas evil exes keep trying to kill him. He feels threatened by her past. Roxy returns and punches Scott in the back of the head. This is another one of Ramona's evil exes. Apparently Ramona went through a lesbian phase for a few weeks. Ramona decides to defend Scott herself and pulls out a giant sledgehammer from her purse and fights Roxy. Roxy tells Ramona that according to the rules, it only counts if Scott fights her, but he refuses to fight a girl. Ramona takes him and uses his body to fight Roxy. They defeat her. Scott is upset about having to face off with all these exes and is thinking of leaving Ramona. She gives him a list of the rest of the evil exes he has to defeat and she leaves. At the band meeting, the band tries to plan out what they need to do to win their next battle of the bands gig. They are going up against Katayangai (Keita Saito and Shota Saito), a pair of twins that Ramona dated before. At the concert, they have a huge band battle as Ramona watches with Gideon Graves (Jason Schwartzman) in the audience. The two bands form giant electric monsters that fight and Sex Bob-Omb wins, defeating the fifth and sixth evil exes. Scott grabs an extra life that pops up by his head. Outside, Scott tries to talk her back but she has decided to get back with Gideon. Gideon says he liked the band and wants to sign them. Scott wont sign with him but the rest of the band will with Young Neil taking Scott's place on bass. Scott wallows in self-pity but Wallace talks him out of it and tells him to go fight for Ramona. Scott goes to the secret nightclub where Gideon is hanging out and where Sex Bob-Omb is playing. He arrives and tells Gideon he is going to fight him for Ramona because he loves her. He achieves the power of love and pulls a giant flaming sword out of his chest. Scott fights Gideon's minions and then Gideon himself. Knives arrives, saving Scott from Gideon. But Knives then challenges Ramona because she has broken Scott's heart. They start fighting but Scott stops them. He admits that he cheated on Knives with Ramona but doesn't think he cheated on Ramona with Knives. Gideon stabs Scott in the back and he dies. Scott is transported to the desert, alone and dead. Ramona is there and they talk about what he has learned and who he is really fighting for. Scott uses the extra life, which puts him back outside to the beginning of the scene. He marches back in repeating the fight up until Gideon asks him who he's fighting for. This time Scott says 'himself' and he gains the power of self-respect and pulls out another giant sword from his chest. This time he launches himself at Gideon and defeats him. Scott calls out for Knives but she jumps down and kicks Ramona in the head. Scott stops her and admits he cheated on both of them and takes full responsibility. Gideon gets back up. Knives and Scott team up to defeat Gideon. They beat him and he dissapears into 10,000 coins. Just before they leave, Nega Scott (an evil version of Scott) arrives. He tells Ramona and Knives to wait outside. He has to fight him alone. Outside, Ramona and Knives wait. The door opens and Nega Scott and Scott walk out laughing and conversing. Scott tells them that hes a really nice guy and theyre going to meet for brunch next week. Ramona leaves telling him that she doesnt want to make him another evil ex. Scott turns to Knives but she tells him to go after her. Shes the reason he went through all of this. Scott catches up to her and they get together. In the final shot, Scott and Ramona walk through another subspace door as the camera pans up into the sky.
tt0103639
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
The film starts with a street peddler, guiding us through the streets of the fictional Arabian city of Agrabah. After trying to sell us on his wares, he pulls out an old oil lamp, claiming it "once changed the course of a young man's life. A young man who like this lamp was more than what he seemed: A diamond, in the rough." The peddler then begins to tell us a tale, beginning on a dark night, where the Sultan's grand vizier, Jafar, meets with a thief named Kassim. Kassim hands over half of a gold scarab beetle, of which Jafar has the second one. Putting them together, the beetle flies off, before causing a giant tiger's head to rise from the sand: the Cave of Wonders. Jafar sends Kassim to enter, telling him to retrieve a lamp inside. However, upon approaching the Tiger's Head, it speaks that only one may enter: "One whose worth lies far within: the Diamond in the Rough!" Kassim still attempts to enter upon Jafar's orders, but upon entering the tiger's mouth, it bites down on the thief, closing off the entrance way. It is then that Jafar claims he needs to find the Diamond in the Rough in order to enter. The next day, on the streets of Agrabah, a young street urchin named Aladdin is struggling to steal a loaf of bread, along with his monkey, Abu. After outwitting some of the Palace Guards, the two settle down to eat their spoils, but are put off their stomach by a couple children who are hungry. Aladdin and Abu give the two their bread, but are then sidetracked when a Royal Prince marches through the streets, and claims Aladdin to be nothing but "a worthless street rat." Aladdin and Abu then retire to their abode, with Aladdin promising his friend that someday, things will be better. The next day, the Royal Prince leaves the Palace, angered that Princess Jasmine has fended off his advances -- Jasmine's pet tiger Raja has bitten out the seat of the suitor's pants. The Sultan talks to his daughter, who claims she is tired of living her life being cooped up behind walls. The Sultan goes to consult with his adviser, Jafar, who claims he can help the Sultan, if the Sultan will give him the blue diamond ring on his finger. Using hypnosis, Jafar gets the ring, and retreats to his private quarters. Later on that evening, Jasmine escapes from the Palace, and wanders the streets of Agrabah the next day. However, her act of giving an apple to a hungry little boy lands her in trouble with the street merchant until Aladdin interferes and leads Jasmine away just in time. Meanwhile, Jafar has used the blue diamond ring of the Sultan's and consulting The Sands of Time, is revealed just who he needs to enter into the Cave of Wonders: Aladdin! Aladdin has retreated with Jasmine to his and Abu's place, and she is rather taken by his kindness. However, Aladdin is suddenly set upon by the Royal Guards. It is then that Jasmine reveals herself to them, demanding Aladdin be released. However, the head of the Royal Guards, Razoul, claims he is acting under orders from Jafar. Returning to the Palace, Jasmine confronts Jafar, who claims that Aladdin was captured because he kidnapped her. When Jasmine claims this to be ridiculous Jafar tells her that Aladdin has been executed, sending her away in tears. In actuality, Aladdin has been imprisoned in the Royal Dungeon. Abu manages to free Aladdin, but are then met within the dungeon by an older prisoner, claiming he needs Aladdin's help to locate The Cave of Wonders. In truth the prisoner is actually Jafar in disguise, who manages to help Aladdin escape the dungeon. After the group arrives at the Cave of Wonders Aladdin is allowed to enter, with the cave commanding that he "touch nothing but the lamp." Aladdin and Abu venture deep into the cavern, where they first encounter a magic carpet, that then leads them to the lamp's location. Aladdin is able to retrieve it, but Abu breaks the rule, and swipes a large ruby, causing the cave to begin to collapse on them. Using the magic carpet, Aladdin and Abu manage to get to the entrance to the cave, where the old beggar pleads for Aladdin to give him the lamp. Aladdin does so, and the beggar then reveals a dagger, intending to kill him. Luckily, Abu bites the beggar, and both Aladdin and Abu fall back into the cavern, as the giant Tiger's Head disappears under the sand. Jafar then laughingly reaches for the lamp, only to find it is gone. Abu managed to steal it off the beggar before he fell into the cave with Aladdin. Deep within the cave, Aladdin begins to examine the lamp, finding a worn inscription on the side of it. Rubbing it, the lamp then produces a large blue genie. The genie tells Aladdin that for rubbing the lamp, he is entitled to three wishes (and that wishing for more wishes is also not an option), but that they come with the following exceptions: 1) He can't kill anyone 2) He can't make anyone fall in love with someone else 3) He can't bring people back from the dead Using his street-smarts, Aladdin manages to con Genie into getting him and Aladdin out of the cave without using a wish. Landing in a small oasis, Aladdin contemplates what to wish for, and asks the Genie what he would wish for. The Genie mentions how he'd wish to be free of the lamp, prompting Aladdin to promise to free the Genie after making his first two wishes. As the topic turns to Aladdin's wishes, he thinks of wanting to be with Jasmine, and though he cannot make her fall in love with him, he decides to wish to be a Prince, as she is a Princess. Aladdin uses his first wish; the genie will turn him into a fabulously rich prince. Abu is transformed into a large white elephant and will be Aladdin's mount. Meanwhile, back in Agrabah, Jafar is still upset that he didn't get the lamp. Wanting to find some way to attain power, Jafar attempts to convince the Sultan that there is a clause in the royal rules that if Jasmine has not been suitably wed by a certain time, Jafar can marry her. However, the plans are put on hold when a large and noisy royal procession enters the Kingdom, proclaiming the arrival of Prince Ali Ababwa (aka Aladdin in his new persona). The procession is huge, with riches, exotic animals, hundreds of servants and Aladdin himself. Aladdin's entourage bounds into the palace, impressing the sultan. Jafar appears suspicious and cold toward the new suitor. Aladdin is taken to Jasmine, who is unimpressed and rebuffs Aladdin's charms. However, when Aladdin removes his hat to shoo away Raja, Jasmine is reminded of the street urchin. Aladdin tries to gain Jasmine's interest again by telling her how rich and powerful he is but she remains steadfastly ambivalent. Aladdin decides to leave Jasmine and steps off on his magic carpet. Jasmine wishes to ride with him and the two take a trip around the world. Aladdin's charm eventually wins her over. Returning Jasmine to the palace, Aladdin is roughly seized by palace guards who tie him up and dump him in a nearby lake. When he accidentally rubs the lamp, Genie appears and coaxes Aladdin into using his second wish to save the boy's life. Aladdin returns to the palace to find that Jafar is using his cobra-shaped staff to once again hypnotize the sultan, demanding that he order his daughter to marry the treacherous vizier. Aladdin figures out Jafar's schemes and smashes the staff. Jafar vanishes before the palace guards can arrest him, but not before spotting the lamp hidden in Prince Ali's hat. After he's gone, the sultan sees that Jasmine has accepted Aladdin and wishes to marry him. However, Aladdin is still troubled by the fact that he's not a real prince and has been lying to the princess. Genie appears and tries to coax Aladdin into using his 3rd wish to free him. Aladdin tells him he can't since he still feels he's betraying Jasmine. The genie suddenly retreats into the lamp, feeling betrayed himself. Jafar returns to his secret lair beneath the palace, seemingly defeated but laughs hysterically when he realizes who Prince Ali really is. He then sends his pet parrot Iago to steal the lamp which he does rather easily. Jaffar summons the Genie. Genie is forced to do Jafar's bidding and appears in a gigantic form, grabbing the palace and taking it to a remote mountain. Jafar uses his 1st wish to become the world's most powerful sorcerer and reveals to everyone that Aladdin is nothing but a street urchin. He launches him out of the palace in a makeshift rocket which lands in a wintry mountain region. Jafar then uses his 2nd wish to become sultan and imprisons the sultan and the princess until she agrees to marry him. Trapped in the mountains, Aladdin finds the magic carpet and is able to return, sneaking into the palace. He finds the genie, who tells him he can't help him since Jafar holds the lamp. Aladdin tries to sneak up on Jafar to steal back the lamp -- Jasmine pretends to be suddenly enraptured with Jafar to distract him. However, Jafar sees Aladdin's reflection from Jasmine's tiara and knocks him away and traps Jasmine in a large hourglass. Jafar transforms himself into a giant cobra to terrorize Aladdin, who fights back valiantly. While trapped in Snake Jafar's coils, Aladdin has an epiphany and talks Jafar into using his 3rd wish: he tells Jafar that the Genie is still more powerful. Jafar then wishes to be turned into a genie himself, which Genie complies. As Jafar revels in the power he's suddenly gained, after freeing Jasmine from the hourglass before she fully suffocated, Aladdin reminds him that being a Genie means becoming a servant to whomever holds Jafar's lamp. Jafar is suddenly shackled and is sucked into the new lamp created by his wish and is trapped. Genie takes the Jafar lamp and hurls it out into the desert, where it lands in the Cave of Wonders. The genie then tells Aladdin that if he wants to use his third wish to become a prince again he can. Aladdin, however, wishes the genie free. The lamp becomes inactive and the genie's shackles fall off his wrists. Overjoyed that he's no longer a servant, the Genie plans to travel the world. The sultan, knowing that Aladdin is not a prince, decides to let him marry is daughter. Abu is changed back into his monkey form and the Genie leaves after an emotional goodbye. Aladdin and the princess are married and Aladdin becomes heir to the kingdom. They fly away on Aladdin's carpet toward the moon, which turns into the laughing genie's face. Suddenly the film is lifted up by the Genie who says "Made ya look!!".
tt1001508
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The movie centers around Gigi (Ginnifer Goodwin), Janine (Jennifer Connelly), and Beth (Jennifer Aniston), three women who work in an office together. Gigi is single and very interested in meeting the right man, but tends to overanalyze "the signs" men give off and assumes they are interested in her, even when they don't call her. She is encouraged by Janine and Beth, who help her make excuses and tell her stories about women they know who are happily married even though the man didn't seem interested at first. Janine is married to Ben (Bradley Cooper) and they are renovating their new house. She is a paranoid neat freak, and especially concerned that he may have started smoking again. Ben married Janine because they had been together since college, and she gave him an ultimatum - marry her, or break up. While at the grocery store, Ben meets Anna (Scarlett Johansson), an up and coming singer/yoga teacher. He allows her to cut the line to cashier, resulting in her being named the 1000th customer and winning a water cooler. He reveals he is married, but offers to help Anna with her singing career because he has several contacts in the business. Beth is living with Neil (Ben Affleck) and they have been together for 7 years. She wants to get married, especially since two of her sisters are married and the third is engaged. Neil, although a very attentive and nice boyfriend, is firmly against marriage and wants them to stay the way they are. Gigi meets Connor (Kevin Connolly), a real estate agent, but he is again not very interested in her, and instead of calling her, calls Anna, with whom he begins a quasi-relationship, although she is clearly not very interested in him. After waiting around and cyber-stalking Connor for some time, Gigi tries to find Connor by telling his friend Alex (Justin Long), a bar manager, that she has Connor's pen. Alex flatly tells her that Connor is not interested, that if a man wants to go out with a woman, he will be clear and upfront about it, and that women should stop making excuses for why men don't call. He says that the stories she hears about people who end up together anyway are the exception, and she is the rule. Inspired, Gigi shares her newfound knowledge with Janine and Beth, causing Beth to face the facts, go home, and ask Neil if he will ever marry her. He can't give her an answer, so they break up and he moves out. Anna and her friend Mary (Drew Barrymore) discuss Ben at a salon. Mary works in advertising for a gay publication where she is working over the phone to publish an ad for Connor. Mary is also unsuccessful at meeting men, mostly because she meets them over the internet or the phone and she rarely gets to meet them in person. She especially hates how many portals of communications a woman has to check these days to see whether a guy has called them. She tells Anna a story of a married man who divorced his wife to marry a woman he loved, so Anna calls Ben to see if he would like to discuss contacts over coffee. He gets freaked out and turns her down, but later calls her back and agrees to meet with her. Afterwards, Janine comes into the room, suggests that it could one day be a baby's room. Ben doesn't want to talk about babies yet. Gigi meets another man at Alex's bar during happy hour. They exchange cards, but she presses him as to who will call whom. After he doesn't call, she calls Alex for more advice. He tells her that the man is just not interested and not to call him. She decides to listen to him and throws away the card. Beth's sisters are concerned that she broke up with Neil, and a cousin points out her single status during her sister's rehearsal dinner. Her father tells her she is his favorite daughter anyway, because she has always done things her own way, and the same goes for meeting someone. Anna and Ben meet up in his office to discuss contacts. They reveal that they are attracted to each other, but Ben says he cannot cheat on his wife. Ben goes out sailing with Neil, who is living on his boat, and they talk about marriage. Ben says that he married Janine because he loves her and is happily married now, but jokes that no man really wants to get married and all they think about is all the women they're missing out on. Neil is surprised and says he only wants to be with Beth. Then Ben goes to a yoga class that Anna is teaching, and afterwards she invites him for a swim, where they agree to be friends. Anna strips down and jumps into the pool while Ben watches from the side. Meanwhile, Janine finds an ashtray and cigarettes in their backyard. When Ben comes home, she yells at him for smoking, which he denies, saying that it could be any of the workers who are renovating their house. She apologizes, but he sees his marriage in a new light and sleeps with Anna. Gigi is making out with another guy on his couch. She mentions waiting for the second date to be intimate, but he tells her that he will be out of town and out of touch for a while. She goes to the bathroom and calls Alex, who is also making out with a girl. He tells her to ask where the guy is going that he would be out of touch (he fumbles and tells her Pittsburgh), and says that the guy doesn't really like Gigi, and she should only go out with someone who likes her. He later calls her and says he will introduce her to someone he thinks will like her, a friend Bill. They meet at the bar, but Alex says he accidentally told Bill the wrong day, so he won't be there. She asks why Alex shares all his insight on men and women with her, and he says he likes her and invites her to a party he's having. Gigi has decided that she will go to the party to pursue Alex, because all the "signs" are there. At the party he barely talks to her, but asks her to refill the chip bowls. She jumps at the chance to "co-host", thinking this will make them a couple. After the party, Alex is playing video games with a tall, attractive woman while Gigi cleans up the apartment. After the woman leaves, Gigi jumps on Alex and begins to kiss him, but he pushes her off and tells her she's doing the same thing again. She gets mad and tells him that she would be naive like she is than cynical like him, because despite his attitude, he is still alone, and she will always be closer to finding someone than he is. She storms out and Alex is obviously stunned. Beth is a bridesmaid at her sister's wedding. While her sisters walk down the aisle with their husbands, the family dog escorts her. Her father has a heart attack at the reception, and Beth, her sisters, and their husbands stay at his home to care for him. Beth does most of the work, while her sisters' husbands are lazy, make a mess, and watch TV. She asks if they went to get groceries like she asked, and they dismiss her, saying they got takeout, and ignore her while shouting at the television. She notices that Neil is in the kitchen and has done all the dishes as well as bought groceries. Janine asks if any of the workers at the house smoked. Their manager denies it, so she concludes that Ben must still be smoking. While at a Home Depot type of store, she insists on their using hardwood instead of laminate, even though she can't tell the difference, because she feels that the laminate is lying to her. Ben tells her he cheated on her and says he will move out, but she says they will work it out. Later, Anna and Ben are about to have sex in his office when his wife knocks on the door. Anna hides in the closet while Janine seduces Ben in an attempt to save their marriage. After she leaves, Anna storms out, disgusted, and ends it with Ben. Mary finally gets a message from someone she met on-line; where he sings her a song and tells her it was special to meet her (on video chat). She gets excited, but the next message is he singing the same song to another girl that he accidentally recorded on her machine. Meanwhile, Alex is at the bar acting very distracted and constantly asking if anyone has called for him. His co-worker tells him he must have fallen for a girl -- Gigi. His friend Bill calls Gigi and they go on a date, after which they awkwardly say goodbye at her door. Gigi hears another knock and opens the door to find Alex, who tells her he has her pen and wants to be with her. Gigi doesn't believe him and states all the advice he has given her, but he kisses her. She asks if this means she is the exception, and he says, "You're my exception." Beth goes to see Neil on his boat to tell him that after seeing her sisters' husbands, she no longer needs to get married, because Neil is a better husband than they ever would be. She says he can move back in as long as he does not bring back his ugly pair of cargo pants. At home, Janine sets up their newly renovated house, looking forward to an improved marriage, but flips out when she finds cigarettes in one of Ben's pockets. She throws all his clothes down the stairs and smashes a mirror, only to get the broom and sweep up the broken pieces. Ben comes home to find his belongings neatly folded on the bottom of the stairs and a carton of cigarettes, with a note from Janine telling him to knock himself out, and she wants a divorce. Anna goes to Connor and they sleep together, but Anna is clearly less satisfied. Connor shows her a house he wants to buy and tells her he hopes that she would someday move in with him, but Anna says she can't be with him. Mary then calls Connor at a coffee place from a few tables away. They finally meet face to face and seem to get along. Neil moves back in with Beth, but she finds his ugly cargo pants and tells him she's throwing them out. He tells her to at least make sure the pockets are empty, and she finds an engagement ring. When she turns around, he proposes to her and she of course says yes. The end of the movie shows Neil and Beth's wedding on his boat, Anna opting to stop dating for awhile to focus on her singing career and herself, Mary and Connor happily in love, Janine and Ben divorced and living on their own, and Gigi and Alex co-hosting a party as a couple, while Gigi's voice over advises that the path to happiness is not through finding another person, but through finding yourself.
tt0265208
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Ambitious Westport High School senior, Matthew Kidman dreams of a career in politics. He has been accepted to prestigious Georgetown University, but will only be able to afford it if he can win a large scholarship. With graduation approaching, he struggles to find anything truly memorable about his high school experience. However, his luck changes when he meets his beautiful next door neighbour Danielle. The outlandish Danielle and the steady Matthew each turn out to be the perfect complement for the other, and they are immediately smitten with one another. However, the relationship is challenged when Matthew discovers through his porn-enthusiast friend Eli that Danielle was recently an adult film actress under the stage name "Athena". Following Eli's advice on how to deal with this incredible revelation, Matthew takes Danielle to a sleazy motel. Danielle guesses that Matthew has discovered her past and punishes him by performing a striptease and offering herself to him sexually. When Matthew becomes distressed and asks why she is degrading herself for him, Danielle calls him out on his base intentions and abruptly ends the relationship. Matthew goes to Danielle's house the following day and attempts to reconcile with her, but learns that she is returning to the porn industry, and is leaving for Las Vegas with her ex-boyfriend, porn producer Kelly. Matthew, riddled with guilt and remorse, follows Danielle to Las Vegas to find her performing at an adult film convention, where Kelly menacingly warns Matthew not to interfere with his business. When Matthew convinces Danielle not to rejoin the industry, Kelly abducts Matthew from school and physically assaults him, saying that Danielle's failure to arrive on set has cost him $30,000. Kelly offers to let him erase his debt by breaking into rival producer Hugo Posh's home to steal an award statuette, but after Matthew has entered the house Kelly calls in a robbery report and leaves the premises. Matthew narrowly avoids the police and rushes to his scholarship award dinner. High on ecstasy that Kelly told him was aspirin, he improvises a deeply sentimental speech but loses out on the scholarship to a student who resembles nothing so much as the passionless, pre-Danielle version of Matthew. Kelly then gets his money back by stealing $25,000 Matthew raised to bring Samnang, a brilliant Cambodian student, to study in the United States. Not wanting to explain his connections to the adult film industry, Matthew had previously introduced Kelly to the bank staff as his student advisor. Although Matthew has done nothing wrong, he still fears that he will face expulsion or criminal charges for his unwitting role in the fraud, and he turns to Danielle for help. Danielle calls in a few friends from her days as a porn star, and they agree to make a video for Hugo Posh on prom night and on school grounds. After the successful shoot, and after Eli has been dropped off with the tape's master copy, Danielle and Matthew make love for the first time in their limousine. Matthew Kidman, played by Emile Hirsch. The next morning Matthew is shocked to find Kelly, in possession of the tape he has stolen from Eli's home, with his parents and school principal at the dining room table. Kelly asks to speak privately with Matthew and says that unless he is given half of all profits, he will play the tape immediately. Matthew, following Danielle's earlier advice to just go with it, refuses because the money rightfully belongs to Samnang. Kelly repeats his threat, but Matthew stands up for himself and dares him, stating that he no longer cares about his now-ruined future. As the tape begins to play, it becomes clear that Matthew and his friends have made a progressive, comprehensive sex education tape rather than a pornographic film. With no more cards left to play, Kelly finally admits defeat. Hugo Posh and Matthew make millions from the video. Hugo Posh keeps his word and pays for Samnang to come to the USA, while Matthew has enough money to attend Georgetown and take Danielle to DC with him. The final scene is Matthew driving into Georgetown University in a BMW Z4. Matthew's story ends with him getting the girl of his dreams and a chance at the future he has always wanted.
tt1605783
Comedy,Fantasy,Romance
Gil (Owen Wilson), a successful but distracted Hollywood screenwriter, and his fiance, Inez (Rachel McAdams), are in Paris, vacationing with Inez's wealthy, conservative parents (Mimi Kennedy, Kurt Fuller). Gil is struggling to finish his first novel, which is about a man who works in a nostalgia shop, but Inez and her parents are critical and dismissive of Gil's desire to give up his lucrative Hollywood career to write it. While Gil is considering moving to the city, Inez is intent on living in Malibu. By chance, they are joined by Inez's friend Paul (Michael Sheen), a pseudo-intellectual who speaks with great authority but little actual accuracy on the history and art of the city. Inez idolizes him, but Gil, who is an ardent admirer of the Lost Generation, finds him insufferable. Paul and his wife Carol (Nina Arianda) invite Inez and Gil to go dancing. Inez accepts but Gil declines and chooses to return to the hotel through the streets of Paris, eventually becoming lost. As he stops, bells chime midnight and an antique car pulls up, and the passengers dressed in 1920s clothingurge Gil to join them. They go to a bar, where Gil comes to realize that he has been transported to the 1920s, an era he admires and idolizes in the novel he is writing. He encounters Cole Porter (Yves Heck), Josephine Baker (Sonia Rolland), and Zelda and F. Scott Fitzgerald (Alison Pill and Tom Hiddleston), who take him to meet Ernest Hemingway (Corey Stoll). Hemingway agrees to show Gil's novel to Gertrude Stein (Kathy Bates), and Gil goes to fetch his manuscript from his hotel. However, as soon as he leaves the bar, he finds he has returned to 2010. Gil attempts to bring Inez to the past with him the following night, but while they wait, she gets bored, and peevishly returns to the hotel. Just after she leaves, the clock strikes midnight and the car pulls up again, this time with Hemingway inside it. He takes Gil to meet Gertrude Stein, who agrees to read his novel and introduces him to Pablo Picasso (Marcial Di Fonzo Bo) and Picasso's mistress Adriana (Marion Cotillard), a beautiful student of couture to whom Gil is instantly attracted. The next day, back in 2010, Gil encounters Picasso's painting of Adriana at a museum, and recites much information about its creation, which annoys Paul (because it contradicts much of what he had been saying) and Inez becomes embarrassed, because she cannot appreciate what he is saying and believes Paul. Over the next few days, Gil spends each night in the past. His late-night wanderings frustrate Inez, who cannot understand his interest in Paris or his desire to write a novel, and arouse the suspicion of her father, who hires a detective (Gad Elmaleh) to follow Gil. This proves unsuccessful, as the detective attempts to follow the car and winds up lost in Versailles during the era of Louis XIV. Gil spends increasing amounts of time with Adriana, who leaves Picasso and has a brief dalliance with Hemingway. Gil realizes that he is falling in love with her, leaving him conflicted and confused. He confides his predicament to Salvador Dal (Adrien Brody), Man Ray (Tom Cordier) and Luis Buuel (Adrien de Van), but being surrealists they consider his position to be totally normal and see nothing strange about his coming from the future. While Inez shops for furniture in the March aux puces (flea market) on the outskirts of Paris, Gil meets Gabrielle (La Seydoux), an antiques dealer who shares his fondness for the twenties and the music of Cole Porter. Gil later discovers Adriana's diary from the 1920s in a book stall on the Seine and finds out that she was in love with him. Reading that she dreamt of receiving a gift of earrings from him and then making love to him, Gil attempts to steal a pair of earrings from Inez to give to Adriana but is thwarted by Inez's early return from a trip. Gil purchases earrings for Adriana and, returning to the past, confesses his love for her. As they kiss, a horse and carriage appears. They are invited inside by a richly-dressed couple and are transported back to the Belle poque, an era Adriana considers Paris's Golden Age. They are taken to the famous Maxim's Paris restaurant, and meet Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec (Vincent Menjou Cortes), Paul Gauguin (Olivier Rabourdin) and Edgar Degas (Franois Rostain). When Gil asks what they thought the best era was, the three determine that the greatest era was the Renaissance. The enthralled Adriana is offered a job designing ballet costumes, and proposes to Gil that they stay, but Gil realizes that despite the allure of nostalgia, it is better to accept the present for what it is. Adriana elects to stay in the past, and they sadly part ways. Gil retrieves his novel from Gertrude Stein, who praises his progress as a writer but questions why the main character has not realized that his fiance (based on Inez) is having an affair with a pedantic character based on Paul. Gil returns to the present and confronts Inez. She admits to sleeping with Paul but claims that it can be forgotten when they return to California. Gil breaks up with Inez and decides to remain in Paris. Taking a walk at midnight, he unexpectedly meets Gabrielle, and offers to walk her home.
tt0427327
Comedy,Drama,Musical
In May of 1962, Baltimore teenager Tracy Turnblad (Nikki Blonksy) prepares for school while displaying optimistic appreciation of her drab neighborhood in which she sees so much beauty ("Good Morning Baltimore"). Tracy, who has a passion for dance and bouffant hairstyles, is something of a social outcast among her classmates because of her chubbiness, but her best friend Penny Pingleton (Amanda Bynes) shares Tracy's obsession with the after-school dance program The Corny Collins Show, which features a group of teenage dancers known as the Council Kids and is sponsored by Ultra-Clutch brand hairspray. The show is broadcast live on Baltimore's WYZT station and, despite the progressive opinions of Corny Collins (James Marsden) himself, remains a segregated program featuring only white dancers except for the last Tuesday of every month, which is designated "Negro Day." Tracy and Penny rush to Tracy's house after school to watch the show ("The Nicest Kids In Town"), much to the annoyance of Tracy's mother Edna (John Travolta), who works from home as a laundress and refuses to leave the house because she is ashamed of her voluptuous size. Edna shows concern for her daughter's interest in dance, fearing that people will mistreat her because of her weight. Penny's paralyzingly strict mother Prudy (Allison Janney) also disapproves of The Corny Collins Show, but mainly due to her own racism and the fact that pop music is becoming more and more influenced by R&B styles. Sharing Prudy Pingleton's disdain for "race music" is Velma Von Tussle (Michelle Pfeiffer), the manager of WYZT and domineering mother of the snobby, aggressive Corny Collins dancer Amber (Brittany Snow). Though Corny Collins defends his music choices and believes the show should be integrated, Velma refuses to consider it and constantly pushes for her daughter to be featured above all the other dancers. Several of the teenagers on The Corny Collins Show attend Tracy and Penny's high school, and Tracy in particular is star-struck and swoony whenever she catches sight of Link Larkin (Zac Efron), the show's main heartthrob and Amber Von Tussle's boyfriend. Tracy is ecstatic when Corny Collins announces that one of their female dancers is taking a leave of absence (for "just nine months") and invites any interested girls to come to the station for an audition. Though Edna attempts to talk Tracy out of the idea, Tracy's father Wilbur (Christopher Walken), a joke-shop proprietor, is more supportive and encourages his daughter to go after her dreams. Tracy and Penny cut school the next day, and following a brief dance test,Tracy is dismissed by Velma Von Tussle due to her weight and her support of integration. Velma is blissfully detached during the audition process as she reminisces about her glory days as a pageant queen ("The Legend of Miss Baltimore Crabs"). Dejected, Tracy arrives back at school and is promptly given detention for cutting class. Her spirits lift, however, when she discovers that the detention room is where many of the school's black students congregate and dance to R&B music. She befriends Seaweed J. Stubbs (Elijah Kelly), the group's best dancer, whom she recognizes as a performer on the monthly Negro Day, and learns some of his dance moves. Link Larkin happens by the classroom door and sees Tracy's dance skills. Impressed, he enters the room and informs her that Corny Collins is hosting a hop, and that she is easily talented enough for Corny to select as a new Council member. As the school bell rings and the kids disperse, Link is accidentally jostled into Tracy, causing Tracy to have a series of euphoric daydreams about her interaction with him ("I Can Hear the Bells"). Teenagers, both black and white, arrive at Corny Collins' public dance, though the dance floor is divided by a rope for segregation. Link is performing a high-energy song ("Ladies' Choice"), and Tracy spots Seaweed among the black dancers. He tells her to borrow some of the moves he taught her, and impress Corny Collins. Tracy quickly catches the attention of Corny (and Link) with her dancing, and, to the horror of Velma Von Tussle, is chosen as the new Council member for The Corny Collins Show. Tracy's parents, as well as Penny and Seaweed, are delighted. Negro Day arrives, hosted by Seaweed's mother, televison DJ Motormouth Maybelle (Queen Latifah). The biased station views, as well as the surprise of Tracy's admission to the Council, are echoed in a song written by the black dancers who are then chastised by Velma for performing it after the white dancers performed a cover version ("The New Girl in Town"). Tracy becomes a local celebrity and one of the most popular dancers on the show, despite Velma and Amber's disgust. Mr. Spritzer (Paul Dooley), the CEO of Ultra-Clutch hairspray, first dislikes Tracy and calls her a "chubby communist" after she announces on-air that, if she could, she would make every day Negro Day. Spritzer soon changes his mind when Tracy causes a huge boost in ratings and sales. Wilbur begins selling Tracy-themed merchandise in his joke shop, the Hardy-Har Hut, and Edna finally realizes that Tracy's weight did not prevent her from reaching her goal.Tracy soon receives an offer from Mr. Pinky (Jerry Stiller), the owner of a local plus-size dress shop, to be their official spokesgirl. Tracy is excited by all the sudden attention, but Edna suggests they should find an agent to take charge of Tracy's affairs. After much coercing, Tracy convinces Edna to be her agent, which at first terrified Edna because it would require her to be seen outside their house. Edna finally agrees to accompany her daughter to meet Mr. Pinky and go over a contract. Tracy assures her mother that times are changing, and that people who look different are finally beginning to be accepted ("Welcome to the Sixties"). After both Tracy and Edna receive makeovers at Mr. Pinky's shop, they stop at a diner to celebrate, with Edna feeling more confident than she had been in years. Amber and Velma enter the diner, and Tracy is forced to introduce them to her mother. Velma hurts Edna with a thinly-veiled insult about her new dress, reducing Edna to tears, but Tracy explains after the Von Tussles leave that Velma's motive for breaking them down is the threat that Tracy now presents to Amber winning the annual Miss Teenage Hairspray pageant the following month. At school, Tracy is more popular than ever before, and students deliberately land themselves with detention slips just to see her after school. Link also becomes disenchanted with Amber's cruel pranks and gossip, and begins growing closer to Tracy. Tracy introduces Penny to Seaweed, and there is an instant attraction. Seaweed invites Tracy, Penny, and Link to a platter party at his mother's record store after school, and introduces them to his younger sister, Little Inez (Taylor Parks). Seaweed leads the black teenagers in expressing their individuality and spirit in the face of social prejudice ("Run and Tell That"). A lively party is underway at Motormouth Maybelle's record shop, with all of the Negro Day dancers in attendance ("Big, Blonde, and Beautiful"). Penny, Link, and Tracy are at first nervous, but soon enjoy themselves. Tracy and Link express similar views on the integration of The Corny Collins Show, and Link hints that he has chosen Tracy over Amber at last. At the Von Tussle's opulent home, Amber sobs to her mother about losing Link to Tracy. Velma promises to make it all better, as she is in control of Link's singing career. In the meantime, Amber makes an anonymous call to Edna, ousting Tracy's current whereabouts, which causes Edna to rush over to Maybelle's shop and attempt to take Tracy home at once. Maybelle invites Edna to stay, enticing her with the enormous table of food, and Edna gives in. After asking Maybelle what the party is being held for, Maybelle sadly explains to Edna and all in attendance that Velma Von Tussle had officially cancelled Negro Day on The Corny Collins Show. Tracy, Penny, Link, Seaweed, and the dancers are outraged, and Tracy suggests that they stage a protest march on the WYZT studio. Maybelle wholeheartedly agrees, as do the dancers, but Link explains to Tracy that he is scheduled to sing in front of talent scouts at the upcoming Miss Teenage Hairspray pageant, and that participating in the march might damage his budding career. He apologizes with sincerity, but Tracy is terribly hurt. With Edna and Tracy not yet home, Velma dons her sexiest dress and introduces herself to Wilbur Turnblad at the Hardy-Har Hut. Though her intention is to seduce Wilbur and be caught by Edna, likely leading to Tracy leaving the show, Wilbur only cares about peddling his precious joke items and remains impervious to Velma's advances. Edna and Tracy arrive home, and Tracy sadly goes to bed. Edna, invigorated by the food from Maybelle's party, spruces herself up and goes down to the joke shop in search of her husband ("Big, Blonde, and Beautiful Reprise"). Edna arrives to see Velma forcing Wilbur into a compromising position, and Edna storms out in fury. Back at their house. after changing the locks and sobbing for hours, Edna forbids Tracy from ever appearing on The Corny Collins Show again. That night, Tracy visits her father, who is sleeping in the joke shop on a bed of whoopie cushions. He assures her that nothing happened between him and Velma, and that his only love is Edna. Tracy explains her fears about the future (though she makes no mention of the protest march), and Wilbur once again comforts her and encourages her to pursue what she knows is right. Tracy returns to bed, and Wilbur reconciles with his wife ("You're Timeless to Me"). The following morning, Edna attempts to wake Tracy to tell her the argument is over, but find she has escaped to join the protest. Fearing for Tracy's safety, Edna sets out after her. Tracy meets up with the protesters, who disperse picket signs among themselves and set off down the street, led by Motormouth Maybelle ("I Know Where I've Been"). Edna finally catches up and tries to talk Tracy into coming home, but Tracy refuses. They soon reach a police roadblock and are curtly instructed by a policeman to cease their protest. Tracy is angered by his rude treatment of Maybelle, and taps the officer with her picket sign when his back is turned. The officer immediately accuses Tracy of assault, and chaos ensues as he orders his men to arrest all the protesters. Tracy flees to Penny's house, and Penny secretly hides her in their basement fallout shelter until Prudy discovers them and calls the police on Tracy. Tracy is locked in the basement room while Penny is bound with a jump rope in her bedroom by her mother as punishment for harboring a fugitive. Soon afterwards, Seaweed climbs into Penny's room, frees her from her binds, and confesses his love. They break Tracy out of the basement window and escape by car. Link, feeling guilty for not supporting Tracy, visits the Turnblads, who are frantic with worry about Tracy's whereabouts. As he examines Tracy's bedroom, Link realizes his true feelings for her ("Without Love"). Once together again, the teenagers (along with Edna and Wilbur) concoct a plan to crash the Miss Teenage Hairspray pageant the next day. Velma, knowing of Tracy's involvement with the protest, stations police around the studio the next day as the pageant begins. The security is shown pictures of Tracy and given explicit orders to prevent her from entering the building. The teenagers put their plan into action, infiltrating the studio and executing an elaborate trick to smuggle Tracy inside without the police realizing. Tracy arrives onstage just in time for the dance competition, and is joined by Link, who chooses Little Inez as his partner, no longer caring about the talent scouts in the audience, but rather about bringing The Corny Collins Show a step closer to integration ("You Can't Stop the Beat"). The phone-in votes increase dramatically after Inez's performance, and Inez is crowned Miss Teenage Hairspray, awarding her the position of lead dancer on the show, and officially integrating it at last. Velma is furious, and is caught on camera admitting to her daughter that she rigged the pageant so Amber would be sure to win. She is immediately fired by Mr. Spritzer. As the celebratory finale dance reaches its pinnacle, Wilbur encourages Edna to take the stage herself, which she does with great enthusiasm. Penny and Seaweed kiss passionately, causing Penny's mother to have a fit of horror as she watches the pageant from home. Tracy and Link finally have their first kiss, as a better future begins to unfold around them.
tt0080339
Comedy
Ex-fighter pilot Ted Striker (Robert Hays) became traumatized after an incident during the war, leading to his fear of flying. Recovering his courage, Striker attempts to regain the love of his life from the war, Elaine (Julie Hagerty), now a stewardess. In order to win her love, Striker overcomes his fear and buys a ticket on a flight she is serving on, from Los Angeles to Chicago. However, during the flight, Elaine rebuffs his attempts. After dinner is served, many of the passengers fall ill, and Dr. Rumack (Leslie Nielsen) quickly realizes that one of the meal options gave the passengers food poisoning. The stewards discover that the pilot crew, including Captain Oveur (Peter Graves) and Roger Murdock (Kareem Abdul-Jabbar), have all come down with food poisoning, leaving no one aboard to fly the plane. Elaine is instructed by the Chicago control tower supervisor Steve McCroskey (Lloyd Bridges) to activate the plane's autopilot a large blow-up doll named "Otto" which will get them to Chicago but will not be able to land the plane. Elaine realizes that Striker is their only chance, and he is convinced to fly the plane, though he still feels his trauma will prevent him from safely landing the plane. McCroskey, after hearing Striker's name on the radio, sends for Striker's former commander, Rex Kramer (Robert Stack) to help talk him down. As the plane nears Chicago, Striker neglects to check the oil temperature which damages one of the engines while a bad thunderstorm reduces visibility, making the landing even more difficult. Thanks to Kramer's endless stream of advice, Striker is able to overcome his fears and safely land the plane with only minor injuries to some passengers. Striker's courage rekindles Elaine's love for him, and the two share a kiss while Otto takes off in the evacuated plane after inflating a female autopilot doll.
tt0405422
Comedy,Romance
.......the title gives you quite a good hint.
tt0910970
Animation,Adventure,Family
A Dystopia in the Future Approximately seven hundred years in the future, the Earth is over-run with garbage and devoid of plant and animal life, the consequence of years of environmental degradation and thoughtless consumerism. The surviving humans are living on the spaceship Axiom after vacating Earth centuries earlier. Axiom is operated by a large corporation called Buy N Large, whose BnL logo appears even on the artificial sun visible from the ship's main concourse. The original plan was for humans to live in outer space for 5 years while cleaning robots ("WALL-Es" invented by Professor Simon) prepared Earth for recolonization. However, after seven hundred years, only one WALL-E (voice: Ben Burtt) remains. WALL-E spends his days compacting debris into solid blocks and building structures with them. He also collects some of the more interesting artifacts and keeps them in the garage he shares with a cockroach, his only friend. At night he watches Hello Dolly on VHS and dreams of having a hand to hold. Most of his finds are spare parts and electronics but one day he discovers a lonely plant. Not sure what it is, but recognizing that it needs soil and care, he picks it up and puts it in a dirt-filled old shoe. The next day, an enormous spaceship lands and deposits another robot, EVE (Extraterrestrial Vegetation Evaluator, voice: Elissa Knight). WALL-E is immediately smitten and hopes to hold her hand, but EVE is quick to use her plasma cannon, which can blast a hole through anything. EVE flies around Earth looking for vegetation but becomes distraught upon not finding any. WALL-E is finally able to approach her and takes her back to his garage where he shows her his collection of human artifacts. She still resists holding his hand, however, so he shows her the plant he found. This activates her prime directive: she takes the plant into a special containment capsule within her body, sends a signal to the mother ship, and goes into hibernation mode. Confused, WALL-E tries to make her safe and comfortable. He shelters her from thunderstorms and takes her to a park where he can watch the sunset next to her. Several days later, the mother ship returns and collects EVE. WALL-E hitches a ride on the ship, which returns to the Axiom several light years away from Earth. EVE and WALL-E are examined in the landing bay. EVE, still in hibernation mode, is taken away to the ship's commander. WALL-E pursues her, followed by M-O (voice: Ben Burtt), a cleaning robot who is intent on scrubbing the filthy WALL-E to remove foreign contaminants (i.e. dirt or earth). On the way, WALL-E sees humans for the first time. Obese and largely unable to move on their own, they are carted around the Axiom in hover chairs with video screens that allow them to communicate with one another and see a variety of advertisements for drinkable food products. When WALL-E accidentally knocks one of the humans, John (voice: John Ratzenberger), off his hover chair, WALL-E helps the man back into the chair and introduces himself. Confused but grateful, John introduces himself in return. WALL-E tracks EVE to the chambers of Captain McCrea (voice: Jeff Garlin), who is just as inert and catered to as the other humans. McCrea is confused but excited about Operation Recolonize, which is triggered by EVE's find. But when McCrea reactivates EVE and orders her to produce the plant, it is missing. McCrea orders EVE and WALL-E to be taken for repairs but, after they've left, decides to educate himself about Earth. In the repair bay, WALL-E mistakenly thinks EVE is being harmed by the repair crew and uses her plasma cannon to save her, inadvertently releasing other robots who had been taken in for service. During the breakout, security robots take photos of them; the ship's computer announces to humans that EVE and WALL-E are renegade robots. Angry, EVE takes WALL-E to an escape pod to send him back to Earth. Before she can put him in the pod, they see Gopher putting the plant in the escape pod. After Gopher leaves, WALL-E goes to rescue the plant but is blasted into space. Before the pod self-destructs, WALL-E uses the emergency escape hatch and a fire extinguisher to exit the pod with the plant. A joyous EVE plays in space with WALL-E and even gives him an appreciative electric kiss. Using the garbage chute, EVE and WALL-E sneak into McCrea's cabin to give him the plant. But Auto (voice: MacInTalk), the ship's auto pilot system, reveals it was the one who stole the plant earlier. It has no intention of allowing a return to Earth because of a centuries-old directive that was issued when the Earth was believed to be permanently uninhabitable. Auto blasts WALL-E, EVE and the plant back down the garbage chute and confines McCrea to his cabin. WALL-E and EVE barely escape being shot into space with the rest of the refuse but WALL-E is badly damaged. Meanwhile, McCrea has figured out how to hack into the ship's communication system and tells EVE and WALL-E to head to the ship's central deck, where a special machine will return the ship to earth when the plant is placed inside it. With the help of the robots they liberated earlier, WALL-E and EVE make it to the central deck where the special machine has risen from a platform. Auto tries to force the machine back into the platform but is prevented by WALL-E. McCrea manages to stand up on his own and shuts off AUTO. EVE puts the plant in the special machine and the Axiom is whisked back to Earth. WALL-E was grievously crushed in keeping Auto from collapsing the platform. Once they reach Earth, EVE rushes WALL-E back to his garage and repairs him. WALL-E doesn't recognize her and begins to compact garbage. Distraught, EVE holds WALL-E's hand and gives him an electric kiss again. This properly reboots WALL-E. McCrea teaches the other humans how to nurture the plant and heal the planet. It will be much easier than they think because just outside the city, plants have already begun to flourish.
tt1840417
Drama,Mystery,Romance
Clayton Hammond (Dennis Quaid), a famous author, attends a public reading of his new book, The Words, centered on Rory Jansen (Bradley Cooper), an aspiring writer who lives in New York City with his girlfriend, Dora (Zoe Saldana). With the help of his father (J. K. Simmons), Rory gets a job as a mail supervisor in a literary agency and attempts to sell his first novel, which is repeatedly rejected by publishers. After living together for some time, Rory and Dora marry and, during their honeymoon in Paris, Dora presents Rory with a gift, an old briefcase from an antiques store. Returning to America, Rory finds an old but masterfully written manuscript in the briefcase with a central character named Jack. Rory types the manuscript into his laptop. Later, while using the laptop, Dora happens upon the novel and reads it. Assuming her husband wrote it, Dora encourages him to meet with a publisher, Joseph Cutler (eljko Ivanek), who offers Rory a contract after reading the manuscript, which Rory accepts. The book is a hit and Rory becomes famous. At this point, Hammond takes a break from the reading and goes backstage, where he is introduced by his agent (John Hannah) to Daniella (Olivia Wilde), a student and amateur writer who wants to interview him and notes that he is separated from his wife, although he still wears a wedding ring. Hammond agrees to meet her after the ceremony and returns to the stage, where he continues to read the book. The second part of the reading details Rorys encounter with an unnamed old man (Jeremy Irons) in New York City's Central Park, who reveals himself as the true author of the manuscript and that it was based on his life in Paris. Irons's character explains that he was a young man (played by Ben Barnes) when first stationed in France by the US Army in the final days of World War II where he fell in love with Celia (Nora Arnezeder), a French waitress. They eventually married and had a daughter, but the baby died shortly after birth. Unable to cope with the loss, Celia left him and moved to her parents' house. He then used his pain as inspiration to write the manuscript, which he took to Celia while visiting her at her parents home. She found the story so moving that she chose to return to him. However, she unintentionally left the manuscript in a briefcase on the train after her trip back to Paris, thereby losing it. The scene shifts to the present and the old man explains that he and Celia tried to repair their marriage but they eventually divorced. Irons's character leaves Rory sitting alone on a park bench. The public reading ends and Hammond tells his fans they must buy the book to learn how it ends. Daniella then accompanies Hammond back to his apartment where she pressures him into telling her more. Hammond explains that Rory tells the truth about the creation of the story, first to his wife and then to Cutler, his publisher. Also, Rory tells Cutler he wants to credit the old man as the true author. Cutler angrily advises against this as it would severely damage both their reputations and recommends giving the old man a share of the book's profits instead. Rory then seeks out the old man to pay him and finds him working in a plant nursery. Irons's character refuses the money but, after doing so, reveals that while once riding a train to work, years after his divorce, he spotted Celia with a new husband and a baby girl at a train station. The old man points out that people always move on from their mistakes as Rory will too. Daniella continues to pressure Hammond for more details. He reveals that the old man dies not long after Rorys second meeting with him along with the secret about who the manuscript's author really is. However, Rory cant move on emotionally and is tormented by nightmares until he focuses his grief on another book, one that allows him to tell the true story of the manuscript. Impressed with this, Daniella passionately kisses Hammond on the mouth but he pulls away, apparently unsure about whether to become romantically involved with another woman. However, in that moment, he remembers Rory lying in Dora's arms as she tells him everything will be alright, suggesting The Words is an autobiographic book with Rory as Hammond's surrogate.
tt1385826
Romance,Sci-Fi,Thriller
The movie opens with David Norris (Matt Damon), an up-and-coming Senatorial candidate making a public appearance. Norris seems very much a 'people's candidate,' always interacting with people, always empathetic toward their needs and platforms. NBC newscaster Chuck Scarborough makes a news report on Norris increasing an already eight-point lead over his opponent. Norris next appears on the Jon Stewart Show, where Stewart remarks how eight years ago, Norris started his career as a congressional candidate that began with a bang, or a bust... the night he was elected, he was involved in a bar fight and charged with disorderly conduct. Norris is seen riding with a Coast Guard patrol vessel, being endorsed by NYC Mayor Mike Bloomberg, and making more public appearances, introducing his campaign manager, Charlie Traynor (Michael Kelly), who says that Norris is up ten points. Norris's campaign is like a comet with no signs of slowing down. At another public appearance, a man in a tan beret cap, Harry Mitchell (Anthony Mackie), is seen watching and politely applauding, though he doesn't appear enthused. It's just about crunch time for Election Day when a campaign aide rushes up to Charlie with a copy of the NY Post with an article about Norris, claiming he is "exposed:" a college reunion prank where he exposed his bare backside has been caught on film. Mitchell is grimly looking at a ledger-like book when his cell phone rings. He's being questioned by his superior, a man named Richardson (John Slattery), and only tells Richardson that he's 'working on it.' Election Night arrives. Norris enters a hotel suite and turns on a news program on CNN. Soon as the program dialogue begins it's clear that a huge portion of Norris' constituents and voter base have turned against him based on the expos in the Post. Journalist Mary Matalin talks about how Norris overcame the loss of his entire family (his mother and brother when he was just 10, and then his father when he was a high school freshman) to become the youngest person ever elected to the House of Representatives, but the bar room fight added to the expos photo to make Norris look immature and impulsive. Norris is now trailing his opponent in the polls by a margin almost as significant as his earlier lead. Four men in suits and hats walk across a roof top. Among them are Mitchell and Richardson. Richardson says the four of them have their job cut out for them. At the end of the dialogue he only says, 'let's get him back on track.' At Norris's hotel, he and Traynor are watching election poll results come in. Norris is defeated in the vote counts for Suffolk County, and more painfully, his home county of Brooklyn. He and Traynor know that the vote will be a total landslide victory for Norris's opponent. NBC news coverage predicts this landslide defeat for Norris even before all the county voting polls are complete. Norris slinks off alone to work on a concession speech. He goes into the men's room to think. As he puts together his concession speech, he finally hears noise from one of the private stalls, showing it's occupied... by a woman. Elise Sellas (Emily Blunt) comes out of the stall, barefoot and holding her shoes. She explains that she'd been in there hiding from security after she crashed a wedding on a self-dare. She was in the stall when Norris entered and, too scared to come out and admit that she was in a men's room, ended up inadvertently listening to him working on his speech. Sellas recognizes Norris and understands that he's lost the election. The two start to bond right away; Sellas admitting she thought Norris's reunion prank was amusing. Sellas quickly sees that Norris loves being in a crowd, loves being the center of attention among large groups of people. Suddenly on impulse, Norris and Sellas start kissing passionately, having very quickly grown infatuated with each other. The kiss is interrupted by Traynor, who enters the rest room to fetch David for his concession speech. Norris hurries out after Sellas in hopes of arranging to see her again, but hotel security arrives in search of her and she has to make a very hurried run for it. Norris's concession speech starts out moving and powerful, but suddenly he tosses it out of his head and starts speaking candidly about how his campaign 'analyzed' and 'consulted' (paying large amounts of money to professional consultants) over the color of his tie and how much his shoes should be scuffed. As he takes off one shoe to show his supporters, camera flashbulbs go off. Richardson meets Mitchell in a park at sunrise and tells him that Norris has to spill coffee on his shirt no later than 7:05 am. Mitchell assures Richardson he'll get Norris soon as he enters the park. Norris wakes up and dresses, listening to a morning financial-news report that talks about how he is becoming a senior partner in a company called RSR Venture capital. He is no longer a Congressman, but his concession speech was 'electrifying' to the point of making him a front-runner in the next upcoming Senate race for the other Senate seat for New York, in 2010. Norris's campaign manager, Traynor, is the founder of RSR. Mitchell nods off while waiting in the park and wakes up just in time to see Norris board his bus. The window of 7:05 am passes. He grabs his book from his inside pocket and looks at it in alarm. Desperate, he starts running after the bus, doggedly chasing after it. As Norris boards the bus, he is stunned to find someone else nodding off there... Sellas. He sits down beside her as she wakes up. The two instantly begin re-connecting, and Norris tells Sellas about his new job he's starting (she's opposed to his not running again in 2010). As the bus stops, Mitchell catches up but cannot run across the intersection where opposing traffic has the green light. He checks his watch, seeing it's just past 7:05 am, and gestures at the bus. The bus lurches suddenly, Norris's coffee spilling... but it spills on Sellas's skirt and tights, not on Norris. A second later Mitchell is hit hard from behind by a taxicab. He insists to the gathering crowd he's okay, and is more concerned about his book. He looks inside it and a graph-like display of lines starts to change in a way that Mitchell notes with displeasure. In the meantime, Norris and Sellas are continuing to talk, and it's clear they're both flirting. When Norris's Blackberry rings, Sellas playfully grabs it out of his pocket and sticks it into his coffee. She writes her name and number on a card for Norris so he can call her later. Norris calls Traynor and they briefly talk about a proposal Norris made on investing in solar panels. Traynor believes it will be too expensive and not enough research has been done to show it as worthwhile, but he offers to Norris, 'convince me at the meeting.' Norris arrives at the RSR offices, greetings several workers without noticing they seem to be frozen in time. He enters the conference room to find Richardson there with a number of his men; one of them waving a strange instrument over Traynor, who is frozen in time. Unable to understand how Norris sees him and his men, Richardson orders Norris seized. Norris flees but every turn he finds more of Richardson's men converging on him, seemingly appearing out of everywhere. Richardson himself continues to appear in front of Norris at every turn. Norris manages to lock himself inside Traynor's office and frantically dials 911. Richardson's men come through the locked door as if it wasn't locked. Norris is grabbed, choloformed and dragged through one of the doors-- into an empty warehouse. Norris awakens, listening in complete confusion as Rirhardson tries telling his men that Norris has to be 'reset,' but 'The Chairman' would never sign an order approving it. He listens, dumbfounded, to Richardson and another man arguing over him in terms Norris has no clue as to what they mean. Finally Richardson approaches Norris and follows his colleague's advice, telling Norris about himself: Richardson is part of a group called The Adjustment Bureau, tasked with making sure 'things go according to plan.' The 'plan,' as Richardson calls it, is how current events are supposed to go and how people's lives are supposed to be lived. The Adjustment Bureau (which will be called TAB for short hereafter, in this synopsis) works to correct minor deviations from The Plan. Of course, Norris thinks that Richardson is nuts, but Richardson proves that he is able to read Norris's mind, and further, he's able to bend up a small piece of floor to trip Norris when he tries to run, just by pointing at that piece of floor. Richardson explains how Norris was supposed to spill his coffee, thus missing his bus and arriving at work ten minutes later, which would have prevented him from seeing Richardson and TAB 'adjusting' Traynor to change his mind on Norris's solar panel proposal. Now that Norris has seen TAB in action, Richardson needs assurance that Norris will never tell another soul about what he's seen; something no human is supposed to know exists. Richardson says that if Norris ever talks about TAB, they'll reset his brain, erasing his personality and making him appear to the rest of the world, to be catatonic and insane for the rest of his life. But then, to Norris's horror, Richardson also tells Norris that his meeting with Sellas on the bus was not supposed to happen and he's never supposed to see her again. His men forcibly search Norris to find the card on which Sellas had written her name and number, and they burn it. Two TAB members drag Norris to a door and throw him through it, and he finds himself back in Traynor's office in RSR. Before he can even get back up, Traynor comes in through the other door, upset because he'd called Norris 'ten times' without an answer. Traynor brings Charlie to the meeting and endorses the solar panel proposal. But after the meeting, Traynor is puzzled. Before the whole fiasco with TAB, Norris had told Traynor how he'd run into Elise again, and instead of being giddy with happiness, he's acting like he's in a big fog of confusion about everything. In truth, Norris is; hardly able to believe what he'd gone through and yet not daring to speak a word of it, in case the threat given by Richardson was true. Some time later, Norris is in a small bar/grill, trying to recall Sellas's phone number from memory. Mitchell arrives, wondering why Norris is fixated on one woman when his whole world has been turned upside down. He tells Norris that even if he remembered the number, TAB had many ways to make sure the call never went through. He insists that TAB 'adjustments' only make small changes in the way people reason; tweaking emotions was too intrusive and could end up with many unforeseen and unintended 'side adjustments' (called 'ripples'). Everything that TAB does has to be approved by the 'Chairman,' which Mitchell says is just a name TAB uses (he alludes as to some of the names that people call The Chairman). Finally Mitchell says it's not safe to talk at the bar/grill. He offers to meet Norris on the 4 pm Staten Island Ferry and he'll answer whatever he's allowed to answer there. Before he leaves, however, Mitchell repeats Richardson's warning about resetting Norris if he reveals the existence of TAB. On the boat, Mitchell tells Norris that when he arrived at RSR and walked in on TAB 'adjusting' Traynor, they were simply making subtle shifts in the way he weighs investments, which would shift the direction of the company according to 'plan.' He insists that TAB actually cannot read minds or hear thoughts; they can merely sense when people weigh choices and options, particularly when those decisions veer off plan. Although TAB must monitor the whole world, there aren't enough of them to keep watch on every individual. And, as Mitchell points out, water blocks TAB's power to read people's decision-making processes. Mitchell doesn't know why TAB is preventing Norris from finding Sellas, but he knows that TAB has expended enough resources already to make the need to keep them apart very important. Mitchell urges Norris to move on with his life. Even if TAB wasn't actively working to keep him from Sellas (which they are), New York City has so many people that the odds of running into her again are near nil. Three years pass, and Norris has tried to do as Mitchell recommended. But he continues to ride the same bus he met Sellas on, at the same time as the last time he ran into her there, even sitting in the same double seat the two of them shared. And one day, it happens: he's riding on the bus and spots Sellas walking down the street. Getting off the bus, he hurries after her, to find her reception of him a little cooler than before. But he wins her back over by promising on the graves of his parents ('too heavy, but it's true,' he says) that his wallet, which contained her number, was taken from him in a mugging, and that he googled her first name only to get 757,000 links, none of which led to her because he didn't know her last name. A TAB member rushes into Richardson's office; the man's book shows that Norris and Sellas have met up again. Richardson is in shock; he knows Norris has ridden the same bus every day for three years hoping to find Sellas again, and can hardly believe how he just bumped into her again by chance. Richardson hurries into action, making small 'adjustments,' including cutting power to a studio where Sellas performs; the camera switches to Sellas and Norris talking, and she's telling him that she's a professional ballet dancer at a company called Cedar Lake, and she'll be giving a show at the studio tomorrow. As Norris and Sellas sit at a nice cafe for drinks, Richardson and his cohort, McCrady (Anthony Ruivivar), find that Sellas's decision-making tree is starting to veer toward a large number of unforeseen inflection points. Richardson prepares adjustments that will change the location of the Cedar Lake rehearsal at the last minute. But the plan book shows another major inflection point: If they bond close enough to share a 'real' kiss, any and all attempts by TAB to separate Norris and Sellas again, will produce ripple effects far in excess of their allotted limit. Fortunately, another TAB assistant has veered Traynor to find Norris and Sellas. When Traynor tells Norris that a large crowd is gathered at the Brooklyn Bridge to hear David make another public appearance speech in preparation for a 2010 Senate run, Sellas begs Norris not to put the speech off just for her sake. She tells him she's just heard her rehearsal will be at Pier 17, very close to the bridge. Richardson is relieved as he sees Traynor and Sellas push for Norris to do as he had originally planned. As Norris arrives at the bridge to make his announcement speech for Senate candidacy in 2010, Richardson and his colleague are viewing a text message sent to Sellas announcing the rehearsal had just been moved back to Cedar Lake. But as the speech ends, and Norris and Traynor are are heading away, Norris happens to spot Richardson observing him from a window. Glancing back and forth between the window and Pier 17, Norris figures out what Richardson has done. Refusing to back down from Traynor about the need for a follow-up interview, Norris hurries to Pier 17 and sure enough, finds it closed. But this time Norris has a definite name he can pinpoint: Cedar Lake. He calls 411 to get the address, but Richardson kills his signal. When Richardson sees Norris running to the parking attendant to use the hard line, Richardson cuts that signal as well. Norris sees a restaurant across the street, and Richardson, exasperated, cuts all phone signals in a three-block radius. He personally begins to follow Norris to try and talk some sense into him. But Norris refuses to back down even when Richardson confronts him face to face. He doesn't care if 'The Chairman' personally wrote the 'plan,' he doesn't accept it as right if it's so completely set on keeping him and Sellas apart. Looking intently at Richardson, Norris finally figures out that Richardson himself doesn't know why it's so earth-shakingly important that Norris and Sellas be kept apart. When Richardson cannot answer, Norris is filled with even more resolve. Finally outsmarting Richardson once and for all, Norris walks into the restaurant and politely asks for the attention of all the staff and patrons, asking if any of them have heard of Cedar Lake dance studio, and where he can find it. One of the restaurant guests does know the location. Richardson and his colleague check their plan book, now both desperate. They keep all taxicabs passing through from picking up Norris to give him a ride, but undaunted, Norris decides to run if he has to; taunting Richardson about how many tiny adjustments he's making in how many people's plans, causing more and more ripple effects. Norris finally gets a taxicab to stop for him, but the cab is immediately hit hard by a car. Norris hails an ambulance and police. But when one officer tries too hard to continue asking him questions, Norris figures out he's actually a TAB member and goes to consult with the sergeant, who assures him the police can call him if need be. Norris flags another cab and bribes him $100 to break a few traffic laws to hurry to Cedar Lake. Richardson and McCrady race desperately after Norris, and we see they can go through ordinary doors to use them as teleportation gates. Inflection points appear in the plan book and they see that once Norris sees Sellas dance, Richardson will have reached his ripple limit. Richardson tries blocking the studio's doors, but it's too late; Norris looks into the studio and begins to watch Sellas rehearsing. Richardson's reached his ripple limit and Norris knows it. But as Richardson's mobile phone rings, he warns Norris that the overseeing of his plan will only be 'kicked upstairs.' Ignoring Richardson, Norris turns back to the rehearsal, enchanted at the sight of Sellas dancing. In the TAB headquarters, Richardson is met by his immediate superior, Donaldson (Donnie Keshawarz), who has done some research on all that's been happening with Norris and Sellas. He's found that the reason they met up by chance two times despite all the work that's been done to keep them apart, is because their plans were re-written some time ago. Norris and Sellas WERE originally meant to be together and to fall in love, and it wasn't until 2005 that Sellas's plan was re-written so she would stay with Adrian, the lead choreographer for Cedar Lake. Remnants of the original plan is what keeps pushing Norris and Sellas back together and why they feel so strongly about each other, connecting so easily and deeply. Talking with one of his subordinates, Donaldson says that cleaning up the mess is going to mean bringing in one of TAB's heaviest hitters, an adjustment overseer named Thompson (Terence Stamp), who is nicknamed The Hammer in TAB for his methods. Norris and Sellas have been walking through the streets of Manhattan, talking and connecting, during the whole scene. It's evening, and Sellas wants to bring Norris to a dance club. Norris feels he is a horrible dancer, so Sellas offers him a dare: she'll race him from where they're standing to the nearest lamp post. If she wins, he has to come to the club with her. To sweeten the pot, she agrees that if Norris wins, she'll dance for him back at one of their apartments. Sellas playfully says there are no rules, whereupon Norris instantly takes off and builds an insurmountable lead, as sellas can't run fast in the shoes she's wearing. But in an amusing tortoise-and-hare twist, he stops just shy of the lamppost as Sellas pretends to concede to him, only for her to slug him in the stomach and take off running, reaching the lamppost. Sellas brings Norris to a dance club, which makes a huge favorable impression with the club's patrons. As they're leaving the club, Norris tells Sellas more about how he got into politics: his father took him to the Senate Gallery shortly after Norris lost his mother and brother within a month of each other, when Norris was only in the sixth grade. The camera pans in on Sellas as Norris talks, and it's shown how the story touches her heart. She starts to kiss Norris; the 'true kiss' Richardson had fretted about earlier... and they end up sleeping together. As they are sleeping, the camera pans out from the bed to show Thompson gravely watching them slumber. Sellas wakes up the next morning, finding Norris gone. Her cell phone rings; Adrian is calling. As she talks to him, Norris returns with coffee for her. She tells Adrian she has to go, and as she ends the call, she finds that he called three times while she was still asleep. Sellas explains to Norris that Adrian is her ex-fiance, as well as an extremely skilled dancer and choreographer, and she's surprised that he suddenly called her four times that morning three months after their breakup, almost as if he knew she was with someone (Norris's face changes; he looks very concerned that TAB had a hand in that). But Sellas's explanation why she didn't marry Adrian is touching: once she felt what she felt with Norris, she couldn't imagine being with anyone else. Norris promises never to hurt her, because it's the first time in 25 years that he doesn't feel alone. Norris brings Sellas with him as he leaves to be interviewed on the Jon Stewart show, and she sits in his backstage dressing room, amusedly watching the interview on a monitor. Just as the interview wraps, a crew member for the show tells Sellas that Norris asked him to tell her that he was just called into an urgent meeting, but he'll call her when he's done, and that he'll see her tonight at Cedar Lake when she and her troupe give a live performance. But the crew member is actually a TAB member, and as he opens a door for Norris, he passes through to find himself in the warehouse where he'd been taken by Richardson before. The door he'd just gone though is now locked and he's trapped there, and he knows why. Thompson arrives in the warehouse and introduces himself. After a brief exchange about the nature of free will (Thompson claims that people only have free will on small every-day decisions, not large ones with impact on many other people), Thompson finally reveals why TAB is so set on keeping Norris separated from Sellas. He was supposed to meet her once, and only once; the meeting in the men's room of the hotel was intentional, because talking to her there inspired him to give the concession speech that pulled him out of the brink of political ruin to become the front-runner he is today for US Senate, and that he's destined not only to be a great senator, but a great US President. However, if he and Sellas remain together, her playful, bold nature would rub off on the impulsive Norris, which would severely impede his ability to lead the country as president. When Norris insists that the core of his being is made of the choices he makes, and that he chooses Sellas, come what may, Thompson lets him leave the garage and says he can still catch Sellas's dance recital if he hurries. Norris hurries to the Cedar Lake studio for the performance, watching Sellas dance with her troupe mates. Thompson arrives there a minute later, and finally drops "The Hammer:" he discreetly tells Norris that Sellas is destined to become a world-renowned dancer and choreographer with a stellar future in the art. But if she stays with Norris, her future will likely be teaching dance to young children, running a small dance school, unknown outside of her local community. Finally, before Thompson leaves, he causes Sellas to mistime a jump and hurt her ankle badly in the landing. Distraught, Norris carries her to the nearest hospital. He sits in the waiting room, brooding, while Sellas's feet and lower legs are X-rayed. As Norris waits, Thompson arrives and tells him that what's happened is his fault. Norris furiously belts Thompson with a left hook, but Thompson coolly says that this is what Norris does; what he did to get into a bar fight on his election to congress, what he did to be photographed in the embarrassing article in the Post that cost him the previous election. He's been given fantastic opportunities the average person can only dream of, and he's squandered them on impulsive actions... which isn't being helped by his relationship with sellas. Thompson finishes by saying her ankle is only sprained, but Norris could end up taking away all she's cared about most. Norris goes to see Sellas in the recovery room. Her ankle is bandaged and will recover within a month, much to her relief. Norris gives her an emotional hug and excuses himself to make a couple of phone calls before bringing Sellas home. But as he walks through the halls of the hospital, it's clear he isn't going to return; he's crumpled under 'the hammer' and walked out of Sellas's life. Richardson approaches Mitchell at TAB headquarters to report Thompson's success (the camera switches to see a despondent Sellas being wheeled out of the hospital by one of her girl friends). Mitchell looks guilty. He's begun to question if they're doing what's truly right. Richardson admits he used to feel that way, but TAB members like himself and Mitchell only see part of 'the Plan' as written by the Chairman. It's eleven months later, and Norris is making a public appearance at a small local farming community. A news report gives him a staggering 16-point lead over his opponent less than a month before Election Day. As Norris wraps up the appearance, Traynor hands Norris a newspaper. He knows Norris would find out about the article eventually, and he wanted to be there when Norris did. The front page article for the newspaper gives a glowing review for Sellas; her dance career is starting to shine brightly; the latest Cedar Lake show routine winning national acclaim. But Traynor is pointing to one of the inset photos in the article. It shows that Sellas has gotten back together with Adrian (Shane McRae) and they're getting married in a small civil ceremony next week. Mitchell is seen standing in front of the warehouse, reading the same article. Norris goes to a pier, looking out over the water. Sellas looks over her application form for a marriage license, looking troubled. Norris goes to the small bar/grill he often frequents. As he walks in, Mitchell is seen walking out through the entrance/exit of the building right beside it. The bar/grill's bartender tells Norris that 'his friend' just left him a message. She hands him a folded piece of paper. In the evening, Norris goes to the warehouse and is met there by Mitchell. Mitchell tells Norris that Thompson's claim that Sellas brings out a reckless, impulsive side to Norris, was a lie. However, Mitchell says that Sellas would nonetheless impede Norris's ability to become an excellent political leader: what makes Norris such a good 'people person' is his need to be in front of a crowd, his need to mingle with large groups of people, which stems from the great emptiness in his life created by the death of his family. Sellas would fill that hole in his heart so completely that he'd lose that driving need to be with other people and fall out of touch with them; even any personal dreams of making it to the White House would fade. Why Mitchell is agreeing to help Norris is that he understands that Norris's personal ambitions are important, but not the only thing that matters. Mitchell knows that Norris's father and brother were both very intelligent people, and both of them could have, and wanted to, become much greater and bigger people than they turned out; 'The Plan' didn't 'call for it.' Norris reflects and realizes Thompson wasn't completely dishonest; Norris phones in speeches and is 16 points up, and analysts are already predicting a presidential candidacy in his future. Mitchell, smiling wistfully, acknowledges that the public loves Norris. But, as Norris is beginning to realize is true, this public attention was all he ever cared about, and he's noticing it less and less since he became involved with Sellas. Still, he can't stop thinking about her. He asks Mitchell if he knows where Sellas's marriage will be taking place. Mitchell only says it will be in front of a civil judge, but warns Norris that Thompson will be on the scene in a heartbeat if Norris tries to go to her. Norris realizes that Mitchell is afraid to admit that sellas isn't happy; she's 'settling for second-best' after Norris left her. Knowing that Mitchell does want to help him, Norris asks if Mitchell can help him move the way a TAB person does; to teach him about the doors. Mitchell says the heavy rains outside will stop in one hour, and the rain is the only reason TAB doesn't know about Norris and Mitchell talking. To make all the plans and preparations, therefore, they need a place completely surrounded by water, because they'll need all night to work. The first and foremost thing Mitchell warns Norris is to only turn doorknobs clockwise; to turn them counterclockwise is only for TAB members. Mitchell also mentions that a TAB hat is what allows them to walk through seemingly locked doors. Mitchell takes Norris into the city's main pumping station for downtown Manhattan, ten blocks from the courthouse. He tells Norris to wait where he is, and then goes to a door and turns the knob counterclockwise. Through the partially open door, Norris can see it's bringing Mitchell back into what must be TAB headquarters. Sellas arrives at Cedar Lake and asks the receptionist if the dance floor is open. She's looking to practice as a means of clearing her mind. Mitchell arrives back in the pumping station with a briefcase. He explains to David that lower Manhattan has many layers of 'substrate:' a TAB term for a great many doors that have been added over time, almost like a maze. Even TAB cannot navigate downtown Manhattan as quickly or easily as further uptown. Sellas's wedding ceremony will be in a courthouse on 60 Centre Street. Mitchell's briefcase contains several blueprint books that will allow Norris to navigate the substrate, which will interfere with Thompson's ability to accurately track him. The camera pans back and forth between Sellas dancing on the practice floor in Cedar Lake, and Mitchell and Norris studying the substrate blueprints. Mitchell gives a dire warning to Norris that soon as he passes through the first door, all of TAB will be on crash alert; an all-out manhunt to intercept him. Norris must trust nobody wearing any kind of hat or cap whatsoever. Even TAB members cannot use 'the doors' without wearing their hats; this, and the effect water has on them, are measures taken by the Chairman to limit their power. Norris comes up with another way; improvisation, such as knocking the hat off Thompson's head if Thompson manages to cut him off at a particular door... and making a bold, risky run through an exposed area in complete defiance of what TAB would expect him to do. Morning arrives, and it's raining again, which Mitchell points out is a good sign. The wedding is in ten minutes, but Mitchell warns Norris that getting there early will be as bad as getting there late. He leads Norris to a doorway that will lead into the courthouse, and gives his hat to Norris. Norris runs through a door and makes a bold run through the rain. TAB members rush to mobilize; one of Thompson's subordinates pointing out that Norris is using the rain as cover, showing he knows its effect on TAB. Thompson thinks, and tells one of his men to call the proctor at the wedding. As Norris runs, Thompson and two men with him note with alarm that Norris has a TAB hat and has gone into the substrate. Sellas is met by Adrian at the courthouse. She tells him she needs a minute in the bathroom before the ceremony. As Adrian and Sellas's witness sit in the courtroom, a TAB member walks in to keep watch. Norris arrives at the courthouse; Sellas's witness/girl friend telling him that Sellas is not there. Norris presses her to find out where Sellas is, and walks into the bathroom. Sellas is shocked to see Norris enter. She lashes out at him emotionally for the way he hurt her by walking out on her at the hospital, as he desperately tries to plead for forgiveness. Just then, the TAB member keeping watch at the wedding courtroom walks in. Norris promptly turns and knocks him out with a punch. Completely desperate, Norris finally defies the most dire order given him about not revealing the existence of TAB. He tells Sellas about them and their role in keeping him apart from her. He picks up the TAB member's plan book and shows it to Sellas. Thompson's men quickly notice this. Thompson calls for the Intervention Team to be brought in for a square-one reset, and a whole contingent of TAB people rush to mobilize under Thompson's command. Sellas stands, reeling with confusion at everything happening. Norris finally puts on his hat, takes Sellas by the hand and opens a door in the rest room, leading her through it... onto the field of Yankee Stadium. And then through another door leading them to the stairway of a Manhattan subway station. Norris knows that Thompson will have called for a Reset on him and is urgently trying to think of a way to outrun and outwit him. Thompson and his team enter the bathroom Norris and Sellas had left and locate them running down Sixth Avenue in Manhattan. Norris finally bring Sellas onto Liberty Island, making them temporarily safe. Sellas's head reels with bewilderment, even as Norris tells her more about why TAB is pursuing them and why they've worked so hard to keep the two of them apart, how neither of them will see all of their greatest goals and ambitions come to pass if they stay together. Finally Norris comes up with an idea. He resolves to go into TAB headquarters and try to find the Chairman to make a direct appeal to him. He tells Sellas that he's giving her a choice. If she declines to go with him, she'll never see her or TAB again and her life can go on as it's been going on. If she goes with him, he doesn't know what's on the other side, but they'll be together, which is the only thing he's wanted since meeting her. Sellas looks at Norris for a long moment before nodding and telling Norris she's coming with him. Norris goes to another door into the base of the Statue of Liberty, telling Sellas that the two of them must turn each of the knobs counterclockwise. As the two of them enter TAB headquarters, both Thompson and Mitchell notice; Thompson's face registering total shock, and Mitchell sighing gravely. Norris and Sellas run through a TAB study room; Thompson and team hot on their heels. Being on TAB's home turf and having no idea which way to run, other than to turn all doorknobs to the left to stay within the HQ building, puts Norris at a major disadvantage. Thompson's team methodically cuts them off again and again, forcing them to continually change direction and backtrack. Mitchell is handed a folder by a superior and told that he's wanted in the Chairman's office immediately. Norris and Sellas finally find themselves on the rooftop of the TAB headquarters building. The Intervention Team is closing in and there is nowhere left to run. Thinking the end has come upon them, Norris and Sellas share what they think is a final, emotional goodbye hug and kiss. As they pull back, the Intervention Team is no longer there. They're alone on the rooftop... for only a moment, until Thompson is standing behind them, asking if they truly thought they could reach the Chairman. He admonishes them for thinking they could change their fate, or write their own. Until Mitchell comes up to Thompson, showing him a folder. Thompson looks at it, quietly says, 'I understand,' and walks away. Mitchell tells Sellas and Norris that their appeal to the Chairman worked, even if they didn't reach him; he says that almost everyone meets the Chairman once in their lives, in one form or another. The Chairman saw how unswervingly devoted Norris and Sellas were to each other and was inspired enough to re-write their plan again, allowing them to stay together and be happy. As Norris and Sellas walk down the street, ready to face whatever their new life together has in store for them, a voiceover from Mitchell closes the movie, telling the audience that maybe the Chairman's real plan is to gradually find those people bold enough to defy whatever fate seems to have in store for them, and give them the opportunity to seize control of it themselves... that maybe one day, humanity will each write their own plan, once again.
tt1586265
Comedy,Drama,Romance
We open with Wendy Cooper (Elizabeth Banks) and her husband, Gary (Ben Falcone). Wendy runs the Breast Choice Boutique and is reading her childrens book about breast-feeding to children and their parents. Gary is video-taping this reading, when suddenly a kid comes in and interrupts the proceedings by screaming an obscenity. Wendy tells Gary to chase after him. After this occurrence, Wendys reading is over, and she tells all the children to thank their mothers for breast-feeding them. Gary comes back and claims that the kid was too fast. He congratulates Wendy on her first reading and then says he has to go to something work-related. This disappoints Wendy who was hoping to buy him lunch, but he says he has to leave. Suddenly, Wendys phone goes off with the message You are now ovulating. She tells Gary to come back, pointing at her phone. At first he refuses, but she says that they only need two minutes. He finally goes with her to have sex. Next we see Holly (Jennifer Lopez) doing a photo shoot with a baby. After shes done, she shows the pictures to the mom of the baby while Holly holds the baby. The baby pukes on her, but Holly handles it well. The mother tells Holly that shes good with kids and should have one of her own. Holly states, that is the plan. We then go back to Gary and Wendy who are going to an outdoor showing of the film 'Dirty Dancing'. Before the movie, Wendy proposes a toast and states that maybe they should stop trying to have a baby for a little while. She then proceeds to chug the vodka. Gary goes off to get food at one of the food trucks that are there and we meet Marco (Chace Crawford). Marco is serving food, but gets irritated once he realizes the food truck next to him is serving bacon (which is his specialty). He goes over to the other food truck that is run by Rosie (Anna Kendrick). Rosie and he go back and forth for a little bit, and its obvious they have a history. Marco challenges her to a contest: Whoever sells more of their specialty wins. Either way, Marco wants a date with Rosie. Rosie states that last time they tried a date she was stood up. During the movie, Gary and Wendy have sex again when things go dark. After the movie, Marco tells Rosie he won the contest. He brought beer, and they go and sit together on the grass. He tells her why their last date didnt exactly go so well. It turns out that he asked her to prom, and she said no, so then he asked someone else, but then Rosie changed her mind and said yes. So he brought both girls to prom. Marco and Rosie tease each other a bit, but before things get intimate, Rosie leaves to her car. But, Marco catches up, and they make out and have sex. Next we meet Jules Baxter (Cameron Diaz) and Evan Baxter (Matthew Morrison). Jules is a celebrity that hosts a weight-loss fitness show. She is also pregnant. She asks Evan if he is freaking out, and he admits that he is. He asks her what shes going to do about her fitness show, to which she replies that shell be able to do it before she has to deliver. We then go back to Holly, and we meet her husband Alex (Rodrigo Santoro). It turns out Holly cant have children so they have an adoption counselor coming over to check them out to see if they are normal and if they would make good parents. At the last minute, Holly hides an embarrassing wedding photo. The adoption person comes in, and the couple is very nervous. In the end, the adoption person likes them and asks to see a wedding photo. Holly doesnt want to bring it out, but Alex shows it to her. Its a photo of them at Vegas drunk in costume. The adoption person luckily ignores it. She tells them that it will likely take a year for them to get a kid. Alex states the longer it takes the better. Its clear he does not want a child. Next we go back to Wendy who is taking a nap at work. When a coworker come and wakes her up, Wendy notices some changes in her body. She then realizes she may be pregnant. She then rushes to find Gary because she has pregnancy tests and it turns out she is pregnant. The couple is ecstatic. After that, we find out that Rosie is also pregnant and seems very unhappy about it. Meanwhile, Holly and Alex are looking at houses that will also fit the baby thats hopefully on the way. Holly loves one house especially and claims that the house is the one. Alex remains reluctant though. Next we go back to Wendy and Gary, who are visiting Garys estranged father. Garys father, Ramsey (Dennis Quaid), is a former race car driver who is married to a woman MUCH younger than he; a young, Deep South, blonde trophy-wife named Skyler (Brooklyn Decker). When Wendy and Gary reveal they are pregnant, Skyler and Ramsey reveal that they are also pregnant. From there, the conversation becomes extremely awkward. Wendy and Gary are irritated that it took two years to finally get a baby, but Skyler and Ramsey made one without trying. Ramsey states, This pistol shoots no blanks. The hyper-competative Ramsey insists the guys have celebratory shots, to which Gary reluctantly agrees. Ramsey keeps on making it seem like Skyler is going to be Garys mother now (which Skyler fully embraces), which irritates Gary. Wendy and Gary finally are able to hightail it out of there. Rosie finally tells Marco shes pregnant. The two have an argument over what to do with the kid. Marco wonders if they should get married (he does not want this though). This just pisses Rosie off though, and she storms off. Meanwhile, Holly is at work and tells her friend, a mom, about Alexs lack of enthusiasm about the baby. The mom tells Holly to make Alex go to Dudes group, which the mom describes as a group of dads and soon-to-be-dads. The mom states it helped get her husband excited about the kid. Next we go back to Jules and Evan who are at the hospital. Jules is very enthusiastic about the baby and all the research she has to do, but Evan doesnt want any part of it. Then we go back to Rosie and Marco. Marco finds Rosie, and it seems they fix whatever problems they had and Rosie goes back home with Marco and introduces him to her friends. Then we go back to Holly, and Alex. Holly tries to make Alex go to dudes group, but he is not interested. She states that she will give him a blowjob if he will go, which piques his interest. Next thing we know, Alex is at the dudes group. He is introduced to four dads, the leader of them being Vic Mac (Chris Rock). Each of them have strollers, kids, and in some cases, kids strapped to their chest. They begin to talk and fill Alex in on the realities of having a kid. Alex states he refuses to buy a house, but the others tell him, if the wife wants a house, youre getting a house. Along the way, they meet Davis (Joe Manganiello), who is single and seems to be a player, but wants to be a dad. Next we see Wendy, who ended up getting a nice keynote speaking job. Next we see Alex and Holly. They got lucky because they are already set to receive a baby named Caleb. Holly is excited to have a family, Alex still seems a little unhappy, but goes along with it. He later buys the house they were looking at. Next we see the genders of all the babies: Wendy and Gary will have a boy, Ramsey and Skyler a girl, Jules and Evan a boy, and, for Rosie and Marco it was too early to tell. Later, Wendy and Gary and Ramsey and Skyler are having dinner, when Ramsey tells Gary that Ramsey and Skyler are having twins, which seems to infuriate Gary, who seems to have some sort of competition with his dad. Next we go to Marco and Rosie. Marco now seems genuinely excited to have a baby and Rosie is glad hes there. Later that night, Rosie wakes Marco up and says that shes bleeding. They drive to the hospital where it is revealed that they lost the baby. After Marco drives Rosie home, Rosie states its her fault and that Marco is off the hook. Marco tries to talk to her, but Rosie states that they were never a couple, and they should stop pretending. Then we go back to Jules, who has been chosen as a cover model for some magazine and is in a photo shoot. She gets a call from Evan, and they get into a discussion about whether to circumcise the baby or not. Evan is all for it, while Jules is against it. Next we see Alex at the dudes group. Alex is telling the guys that he was hoping for more time from the adoption people and that hes just not ready. The guys try to help him and Vic Mac gives Alex one of his babies to hold, but Alex seems terrified. The guys run into Davis again, and its clear Davis is the kind of guy they all kind of want to be. We now go back to Holly who is talking with her friend when her friend tells her that Holly has lost her job. Holly is devastated as they are just about to close on the house and they could use the money. Then we go to Jules and Evan. Evan is mad that on the front page of the magazine that has Jules on the cover it says that she will not circumcise her child. He states that parenthood is about compromise. They have a funny argument, and never reach a solution. Elsewhere, Rosie sees Marco with another girl. We then go to Wendy who is planning her baby shower. Her coworker has the idea to put a picture of a mini-cooper in the invite (because their last name is Cooper). Then, Skyler comes in. Both women are 7 months along. Skyler gives Wendy her baby shower invitewhich has mini-coopers in it. Wendy is jealous of Skyler because Skyler still looks amazing, even 7 months in. Evan and Jules are not getting along very well. Jules wants to go work, while Evan wants her to stay in case something happens with the baby. Jules comes right out and says that sometimes she wishes she could do the whole thing by herself. This hurts Evan. Elsewhere, a huge party is thrown for Holly. Shes having a really good time until one of her drunk friends says that she lost her job (she hadnt told Alex yet). This infuriates Alex, who already thinks they cant afford to be parents. Holly states she just didnt want another thing to be her fault. Alex consoles her and Holly tells him that she knows he doesnt want a kid. Meanwhile, at a concert, Rosie and Marco run into each other. Marco tells Rosie he misses her, but Rosie tries to ignore him. Jules is on her weight loss show surprising former contestants on her show to check up on how they are doing. It turns out that one of her contestants was Gary, who she catches about to chow down on a hot dog. He tells her how hard it is to be a new dad, which she sort of understands. For the cameras, she makes him do exercises, but predictably, she has a contraction. Elsewhere, Alex is looking for help from the dudes group. Alex confesses that they had to give up the house. Vic Mac asks him if he really wants the baby. Alex says he doesnt know. The group leaves him and tells him to figure it out for himself. Jules wants to go back to L.A. to have the baby, but the doctor outright refuses and tells her that shes having her baby in Atlanta. Meanwhile, Gary and Wendy arrive at Ramsey and Skylers party. Wendy is clearly having trouble with the changes in her body. At the party, Ramsey makes fun of Gary so Gary storms off in a golf cart. Skyler of all people tells Ramsey to go after him and to fix any problems in the family. Ramsey chases Gary down, and Gary tells Ramsey that Ramsey is the reason he got fat. Ramsey then says he used to watch every episode of his weight loss show. Then Ramsey says he has something important to tell Gary. Gary is interested, but then Ramsey says hell tell Gary if Gary will beat him in a race back to the house. Gary somehow ends up in the swimming pool but emerges triumphant, having finally beaten his dad. Jules is watching Evans dancing show on television when suddenly Evan comes storming into her room. It turns out Evan purposely screwed up on his dancing show so he could look after Jules and the baby. The two finally seem to get along perfectly. Elsewhere, Rosie and Marco run into each other, again. Marco wants to take her on a date, but Rosie claims it would never work between them. Marco wants to know why, but Rosie isnt willing to have the conversation. Elsewhere, Skyler had Holly take a picture of Skyler and Ramsey together. Skyler loves the picture and asks Holly to be the family photographer, giving Holly a job. Meanwhile, Wendy is going to give her speech as the keynote speaker, but she feels like absolute crap. During the speech, instead of saying something fake, she comes right out and states how hard pregnancy is and is very embarrassing about the whole thing. Shes worried that it will ruin her whole career. Instead, she sees a mob of people outside her store. It turns out a youtube video of her speech had an incredibly high number of views. Holly and Alex land in Africa where they will pick up their child. Meanwhile, Wendy is just looking for ways to speed up the whole pregnancy process. Elsewhere, the dudes group gains another member as Davis runs into them and tells him that a girl he hooked up with in Australia had a kid and is moving to America. He needs help so of course he fled to the dudes group. In Africa, Alex admits to Holly that hes just been afraid. She states shes afraid too, and they can be afraid together. Alex knows he will love their son. Back in America it seems that everyone is beginning to enter labor. Wendy and Gary are panicking and trying to get to the hospital. Jules on live television curses in pain as her contractions begin. Ramsey and Skyler are very chill about the whole thing and are not preparing to leave for the hospital yet. Eventually everyone gets to the hospital. All the ladies enter labor and Wendy requires an epidural. Wendy also requires a C-section to be performed, though the other two dont have any problems. Everyone finally sees their babies, including Alex and Holly. Jules and Evan ended up getting a girl instead of a boy. Unfortunately, there were some complications during Wendys C-section. Thankfully though, she ends up okay. Marco and Rosie manage to run into each other yet again at the hospital since Rosie's cousin is Skyler. They walk together and hold hands. The movie ends with all of the couples happily living with their babies.
tt0090305
Comedy,Romance,Sci-Fi
Gary (Anthony Michael Hall) and his nerdy friend Wyatt (Ilan Mitchell-Smith) are two dateless teens stuck in Wyatt's rather posh suburban family home on a Friday night. On a whim, Gary suggests that they use Wyatt's powerful computer to "make a woman" (or at least a somewhat realistic simulation that they can interact with). They begin to feed various images and other data into the computer, but are unsuccessful at first. After hacking into a powerful Air Force computer system, a weird electrical storm develops. The two teens try to unplug the computer and stop the rather supernatural events, but to no avail. Finally, a real woman (Kelly LeBrock) whom Wyatt names "Lisa" emerges from the bathroom, much to their shock and delight. The hapless duo have limited fantasies about what they would do with a girl, should one ever come near them, but Lisa has plans of her own. She magically provides a car, fake IDs, and cool clothes for them, and they head to a Blues Club. They actually get along quite well with the much older Black and Latino patrons, once they down a few "Blind Dog Bourbon" shots. Once home, they are confronted by Wyatt's older Brother Chet (Bill Paxton), who is a stern and unsympathetic character with a military school bearing. After offering Chet a bribe to leave him alone, Wyatt looks to be on the way to losing his virginity -- but passes out from exhaustion upon hitting his bed. The next day, Gary and Wyatt are provided with a black Porsche, and head to the mall. Here they are confronted by Ian (Robert Downey, Jr.) and Max (Robert Rusler), two "cool kids" with pretty girlfriends Deb (Susanne Snyder) and Hilly (Judie Aronson) . At first the two nerds are at a loss, but when it becomes clear that they are with Lisa, the more popular kids are left flabbergasted. Lisa announces that she wants to have a party, which nearly causes Wyatt to have a meltdown. Still, there is no stopping her, and she insists on meeting Gary's parents too. Eventually the party starts, and because of Lisa's magic, the least-popular duo in the school attract a crowd of hundreds. Lisa carefully steers events so that the normally-shy teens are forced to appear tough and in-charge under pressure. The fickle Deb and Hilly end up making out with Gary and Wyatt, and things are looking up. Chet meets and offends the strong-willed Lisa the next morning, and she turns him into the nasty little monster he actually is. As Wyatt's Parents return Sunday afternoon, Lisa magically (ala Cat in the Hat) repairs the party damage, changes Chet back, and then vanishes herself. Despite having created the "perfect" woman, whom they supposedly "control," neither Gary nor Wyatt actually gets more than a kiss from her.
