tt0093186
Comedy,Drama,Romance
In Boston, Massachusetts, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) takes 29-year-old stockbroker Andrew Morenski (Jon Cryer) into protective custody while awaiting the trial of local gangster, Victor Kapados. Andrew and several colleagues are key witnesses in a stock scam. After Andrew becomes restless, FBI agents take him to a diner for breakfast. However, a gangster gunman (Oliver Cotton) comes into the diner and opens fire, killing one FBI agent and injuring the other. Andrew is not harmed, but runs for his life, followed closely by the hit-man. Andrew eludes the killer and hitchhikes with a truck driver to Topsail Bay, Delaware, where he phones his Aunt Lucy (Gretchen Cryer), who tells him to meet her at the high school where she works. Andrew shaves off his beard and dyes the sides of his hair blonde to give himself a punk look. He trades his $500 Italian sports coat for a black pea coat from a bum to complete the look. When he goes to Topsail High School to meet his Aunt Lucy, the office personnel mistake him for a new student and send him to register for classes. He tells the registrar he is "Maxwell Hauser" from Texas, taking the name from a can of Maxwell House coffee he spots in the office. Andrew's fifteen-year-old cousin, Patrick Morenski (Keith Coogan), Aunt Lucy's son, is enrolled in Andrew's first class. Patrick does not initially recognize him, but Andrew convinces him they are cousins. After classes, Aunt Lucy also does not recognize Andrew and the cousins opt not to tell her who "Maxwell" really is, just saying he is Patrick's new friend. With Andrew's disappearance in all the newspapers, he decides the mobsters might contact Lucy looking for him, so it is best to keep her ignorant. However, Patrick does let Andrew stay in his bedroom in the attic, explaining that his mother never comes up there. That evening, as Andrew and Patrick leave a local diner, a birthday card addressed to his grandmother falls out of Andrew's coat pocket, but a waitress finds it and mails it for him. The next day in history class, when the teacher tells the class that former U.S. President Richard Nixon was a good man who was set up as a fall guy by radicals in the Watergate scandal, Andrew challenges her ideas. The teacher sends him to the principal's office for disagreeing with her, but the other students are impressed by him in standing up to the teacher. During lunch, two senior girls, Ryan Campbell (Annabeth Gish) and Chloe (Beth Ehlers), chat with Andrew and Patrick. Ryan hits it off with Andrew, but her boyfriend, Kevin O'Roarke (Tim Quill), a jock who is running for student body president, quickly comes to retrieve her. After class, several African-American students approach Andrew, suggesting he run against Kevin for president and improvise a rap song for his campaign. However, Andrew declines to run (out of fear of the attention that his secret will be found out). Meanwhile, Patrick takes a driving lesson, but nearly wrecks the car. A few days later, Andrew goes to Ryan's house to take her on a date. Her father, Bob Campbell, is initially gruff, but Andrew wins him over after spotting a $1,000 deduction he failed to take on his income tax form. Ryan and Andrew go to a roller skating rink. Andrew is not experienced and holds onto Ryan who helps teach him to skate. Afterwards, she kisses him on the cheek. Before he gets back to Aunt Lucy's house, Patrick finds Andrew, warning that the FBI is at the house looking for him. They came to Topsail Bay because Andrew used an automated bank teller (ATM) in the area. Patrick gives Andrew a copy of his mother's keys to the school, telling him to sleep there from now on. Alone in the school at night, Andrew uses the PA system to make fake announcements and dances through the halls. This continues nightly for several weeks until the school custodian, Ezzard (Lou Walker), catches him. Ezzard has figured out who Andrew really is thanks to the mock announcements on the PA system. But rather than turn Andrew in, Ezzard shares some liquor with him and lets him sleep in the basement. In the weeks that follow, Patrick gets his learner's driving permit and gains the confidence to ask a girl out on a date. Andrew and Ryan continue seeing each other, but she wants to go slow before having sex. Andrew also agrees to run for student body president against Kevin. Meanwhile, the newspapers report that a third witness in the Kapados trial has been murdered, leaving Andrew the only person who can testify against him. At Grandma Jennie's house, a hit-man posing as an FBI agent questions her about Andrew's whereabouts. The hit-man notices the postmark from the birthday card Andrew sent her and heads for Topsail Bay. On a date, Ryan questions why Andrew has never invited her to his house or given her his telephone number. Andrew confesses everything to Ryan, who is upset, but supportive. Afterward, Andrew goes to the diner where he tells Kevin he is dropping out of the election and giving Ryan back to him. The mob hit-man comes in and catches a quick glimpse of Andrew as he is leaving. Realizing this is a favorite hangout for high schoolers, the killer goes to the school, draws a beard on one of Andrew's campaign posters and knows he has found his target's hiding place. The next day during an assembly, the principal announces Andrew the winner of the election. When Kevin demands a recount, a show of hands reveals Andrew the winner by an overwhelming majority. Meanwhile, the hit-man is in the rafters of the auditorium with a high-powered rifle aimed at Andrew. Ezzard spots the sniper and punches him, shots are fired and pandemonium breaks out. Kevin and Andrew climb into the rafters to fight the hit-man who ultimately falls to the floor, dead. Andrew returns to Boston, where his testimony ensures that Kapados is sent to prison. After the trial, Andrew says goodbye to Patrick and the rest of his family and the FBI takes him away to give him a new identity to protect him from the wrath of Kapados mobsters. One year later, Ryan is a student at the University of Iowa. While reading on campus one day, Andrew approaches her, explaining he is now going by the name "Eddie Collins" and working there at a RA (resident advisor). Ryan tells him she followed the trial and that she and Kevin broke up. The two kiss for the first time as the film ends.
tt1037850
Drama,Fantasy,Music
Bu Neng Shuo De Mi Mi (Secret) ( Taiwan) Jay Chou's directorial debut. This is the first day Le(Jay Chou) admitted to Tamkang Secondary School. After Sky (Kai-xuan Tseng) gives Le (Jay Chou) a tour, he enters a piano building and hears a mysterious piano solo. He follows the song and finds that an ethereal girl is playing piano in the old music room. The piano girl is Yu (Guey Lun-Mei), one of Luns classmates. The two become intimate friends and spend a lot of time together. What's the melody you played the first day we met? asked Le, Thats my secret. Yu whispered in his ear. Later in the story, the two become ever closer and confides some of their secrets to each other. One example includes Le gives Yu what seems like the original copy of "The Swan" after Le had won it from a piano duel/battle. Despite the Yu and Le's intimate relations, Sky falls in love with Le, presumably when she first saw him on the school campus or when she saw Le's piano duel the "Prince of Piano". Soon after, Yu becomes suspicious of Sky's affection toward Le and confides in Le. For example, in another piano room, Yu asks Le not to play in this piano room, where Le replies that she doesn't want him to be with Sky. On accident, Le passes Sky a note, which was actually for Yu, in class to meet in that very same piano room. That night, Yu sees Sky kiss Le, and thinks that Le has feelings for Sky. So she disappears for 5 months. The next time she returns on Graduation Day, she sees Le play in the graduation ceremony. Le undoubtedly chases and catches up to her. Despite this short-lived meeting, Le's father forces Le to come back to the Graduation Ceremony, which has just ended. Later, Le finds out more about Yu when he goes to meet her mother. It turns out that Yu was actually enrolled in that very same school 20 years ago. In addition, she was very popular and very cared for in her school, especially by Le's father, who was a teacher there and still is. Le asks his father more about his and tells him the truth behind the mystery of Yu. Yu was a student attending TamKanng secondary school 20 years ago. She was an talented piano major. One day she was practicing in the old piano room with the picture of Chopin and his wife, in which Chopin was with for 10 years. When she dropped something under the piano, she found a old piece of music hidden in the bottom part of the piano. The piece was entitled "Secret" and essentially said that one who plays it will start a journey, in which the speed of the piece determines where she goes. She plays it at a slow tempo and is 20 years into the future. After returning from seeing Sky kissing Le, she confides in Le's father (in the past) and gives him the music for "Secret". Le's father (in the past) worrying about asks a friend of Yu's to look after her and to keep this matter a secret. However, Yu's friend tells a few people about it and soon everybody starts to make fun of Yu. She soon quits school and starts staying home. Her mother soon gives her medication for a psychological condition that she thinks Yu has. Yet Yu tries to prove that her mother is wrong by drawing a picture of Le. Yet, her mother still thinks that Yu has gone insane, as such Yu takes some of the medication. On graduation day, Le's father (in the past) takes Yu to school to play for the graduation ceremony. Yu soon sneaks away to go play Secret one more time to see Le one last time. Le sees her and catches up with her. But Yu notices that he was wearing a purple bracelet that Sky wore. she misinterprets this and runs back into her time. In the same classroom in which Le saw Yu, she writes something close to "Hello, my name is Rain." I love you. Do you love me? Le just so happened to be in that very same room, and those words (Chinese Characters) slowly start to appear. However, despite Le responding by replying on the desk, Yu does not receive his reply. Regardless, due to the emotional immensity Yu starts to have trouble breathing because she has asthma and soon dies. On the night of Le's graduation, Le sneaks into the piano building, where he met Yu, right before the destruction of the building commensed. Le quickly plays "Secret" and manages to return back in time. His father who was telling Le about the mystery of Yu looks through the Secret music book. On the last page, Yu addresses Le about her love toward him. Realizing that Yu was telling the truth when she told him about her journey, his father quickly runs to the piano building only to be too late. Le, returning to the past (During Yu's supposedly final year at school), meets Yu in that very same classroom. Le remains with her in that time period. Synopsis: Lun (Jay Chou) lives with his father, Chiu (Anthony Wong), the music teacher of Tamkang Secondary School. Both of them are very good at music and piano. This is the first day Lun admitted to Tamkang Secondary School. When he walks through the campus with his classmates, a mysterious piano solo draws his attention. He follows the song and finds that an ethereal girl is playing piano in the old music room. The piano girl is Yu (Guey Lun-Mei), one of Luns classmates. She is always late for school and hence sits next to Lun at the back row. The two become intimate friends and spend a lot of time together. submitted by dfwforeignbuff
tt0078872
Adventure,Family,Sport
In 1946 young Alec Ramsey and his father are traveling back to England on the steamship Drake passing the north coast of Africa. While out on deck, Alec sees a handsome black Arabian stallion being forced into its pen above decks by some cruel men, using a bullwhip to get the frightened animal into its quarters. Returning to his father's card game, Alec takes some sugar cubes from the coffee tray & brings them to the stall where the horse is tied up. Placing them on the railing of the door, Alec then hides from sight. Within minutes the animal has taken the cubes. As Alec turns around he is grabbed & roughly accosted by the mean-looking owner of the horse, who shouts menacingly in a foreign language before letting him go. Alec quickly returns to his cabin. That night, Alec's father shows him his winnings from the card game. Alec receives a pocketknife and a small carving of a horse. His father tells him the horse is Bucephalus, the horse of Alexander the Great. Alec puts the Bucephalus carving on a shelf and falls asleep. Later that night, the carving is illuminated with a bright orange light. The ship pitches violently and Alec is thrown from his bunk onto the cabin floor. Grabbing the carving & his pocketknife, Alec gets to his feet and his dad throws a lifejacket over him. As the two of them stagger out into the hall they discover frightened passengers fleeing their rooms. Alec's dad sees water pouring in through a door, and they make their way onto the deck. As Alec looks up he sees the superstructure of the ship blazing with fire. His dad leaves him below with instructions to hang on to a rail, and goes to the boat deck. As Alec stays put he hears the horse in its pen, and decides to set the animal free and give him his chance to fight for life. Fighting his way to the door, he gets it open, but is attacked again by the horse's owner who cuts the lifejacket from Alec's body with a knife. Seeing this, Alec's dad leaps onto the man from the upper deck & throws him against the rail. In seconds the man has disappeared. The horse breaks the ropes holding him in & charges out onto the deck. Alec watches helplessly as the horse jumps the railing & into the water. A wave then washes over the ship, sending Alec backwards into the railing. Suddenly the railing gives way & Alec plummets into the water, helpless. Hearing the stallion and seeing its head above the water, its ropes caught in the propeller, Alec swims over & cuts the rope, freeing the stallion. He and the horse swim clear as the Drake, ablaze with fire, goes down by the head - taking everyone but Alec & the horse. The following day Alec finds himself washed up on a remote island, apparently the only human survivor of the sinking of the Drake. Still carrying the Bucephalus carving & his knife, Alec starts trying to figure out how to survive. Finding a cave, he makes a fire and starts catching fish. He eventually discovers he is not alone - the horse has also survived, and is trapped with its ropes caught on some rocks. At first the frightened animal is wary of Alec, but he gets close enough to cut the ropes and free the horse, which shakes off the ropes & flees. Alec follows the horse's tracks, but they vanish in the sand. Later, asleep on a beach, Alec is visited by an uninvited guest; an Asp Cobra. As Alec comes to he sees the reptile hissing, its hood spread, ready to strike. Alec, frozen with fear, tries to back away, but the snake hisses more aggressively. Suddenly, the horse appears, and pounds its sharp hooves on the cobra, killing the reptile. Again the horse vanishes as quickly as it appeared. More and more, Alec begins to encounter the beautiful horse, and the two of them forge a strong bond, with Alec feeding the animal and bringing it fresh water, with the horse allowing Alec to ride him bareback. The bond between the boy & the horse becomes so entwined that when a rescue boat finds Alec, he refuses to leave without his beloved animal, and the horse refuses to let Alec go. The men on the rescue boat tether the horse and help the animal to a larger ship, and Alec & the horse - who he names 'The Black' - are on their way home to America. Back home in the midwest U.S.A., Alec's mother is enormously relieved her son is alive but also grieving the loss of her husband, and expresses her thanks to The Black for saving Alec's life by allowing Alec to keep the horse in their backyard. Unfortunately, one day as the garbage collectors are coming round, a hat on the man's head triggers a fear in the Black's mind, and the animal is racing through the streets. Alec goes after the horse, and follows its trail to a barn owned by Henry Dailey - a former jockey & horse trainer. Alec inquires about learning to ride the Black, but Dailey is at first skeptical - no papers exist, and he's considered a wild stallion. However, Dailey agrees to teach Alec the ways of riding. The two of them, along with the Black, undergo frequent, rigorous training in riding and saddling a horse. At first the Black is reluctant to allow a saddle but eventually becomes used to it, and soon Alec & the Black are making runs on a racetrack. While at a movie theater, Alec sees an ad about an upcoming horse race, featuring two of the most famous horses & jockeys in the United States. Dailey gets in contact with a reporter who comes to watch Alec & The Black on the track one stormy night, and he writes a story on it - leading to a challenge match between The Black & the two Thoroughbreds. The Black is billed as a 'Mystery Horse' challenging the Thoroughbreds. Soon, promotions about the upcoming challenge are sprouting up everywhere, and even Alec's mother takes notice. Eventually Alec reveals the truth to his mother; the Black is the 'Mystery Horse' challenging the others, and Alec will be riding him. At first Alec's mother refuses, fearing the worst after losing her husband. After talking with Henry and Alec again, though, Alec reveals the carving of Bucephalus and how he got it - and when. His mother relents & allows Alec to ride the Black in the challenge. On race day, Alec suits up with Henry, and the other jockeys are stunned to find a rider half their size as their opponent. They smugly sneer that Alec won't be able to control a horse the size of the Black. As they come out and prepare to enter the gates, one of the horses rears up and start kicking at the Black's feet. The Black defends himself, but it takes some effort to get the horses under control. The Black suffers a bloody wound to his lower front leg. The three horses finally make it into the starting gate. Inside the starting gate, Alec looks down and sees the bloody wound to the Black's leg. As the gates open, Alec tries to restrain the Black, fearing that running would aggravate the wound. The Black is slowed, but after a few seconds shows Alec that he wants to race. Although far behind, the Black picks up speed and begins to close the gap on the other two horses. As the three horses exit the last turn and head down the home stretch, Alec and the Black pass the first horse - then the second - and seconds later Alec & the Black are across the finish line, triumphant. Alec waves his hands in the air & Henry and Alec's mother cheer wildly from the stands. The Black's leg is bandaged, and Alec & the Black proudly pose for the cameras with their winnings. The film ends showing Alec & the Black in their times alone, on the island.
tt0103002
Fantasy,Horror
Three scholars -- two Americans (Michelle [Laura Mae Tate] and Lillian [Michelle McBride]) and native Transylvanian Mara [Irina Movila] -- arrive at historic Pledmar Fortress in Pledmar, Transylvania where they have obtained permission to reside while studying Transylvanian folklore. One legend has it that, some 500 years ago, a handful of peasants from Vlad Tepes' army barricaded themselves in the fortress against the Turks. When food and water was gone and the peasants ventured from the fortress, they found dead Turks with bloody throats, victims of vampires. A second legend tells about the presentation of the bloodstone, a stone from which drips the blood of saints and keeps vampires alive, keeps the vampires from biting any resident of Pledmar. The upcoming Festival of the Undead is held each year to celebrate the night that the vampires saved the people of Pledmar. In fact, the peasants believe that vampire King Vladislav Valescu still lives nearby in Castle Vladislav. But they're wrong. Unbeknown to the villagers, King Vladislav has just been murdered by his firstborn son, the evil Radu [Anders Hove], who has taken the bloodstone as his birthright and created four subspecies to do his bidding. The king's secondborn, Stefan [Michael Watson], summoned back by his father before his death, is residing at the Fortress under cover as a zoologist studying nighttime animals in and around Pledmar. Michelle and Stefan meet and are attracted to each other. On their first day in Pledmar, the girls visit the castle. It is locked but Lillian attempts to break in by feeling through the door for a lock. Unfortunately (or fortunately), she cuts herself on a nail and the girls go off for aid just as Radu answers the door. The next day, tired after a day of interviewing gypsies, the girls fall asleep outside the castle. When they awake, it is almost dark and they take a shortcut back to the Fortress. As night overtakes them, they realize that they are being followed. Before Radu can attack, however, they run into Stefan who sees them safely back and then returns to the castle where he finds his murdered father and is attacked by his evil brother. While Stefan stumbles back to the Fortress, Radu finds Lillian and sucks blood from her arm. Just as Radu prepares to drink from her neck, Stefan makes it back to the Fortress and opens her door in time to interrupt. Stefan pursues Radu back to the castle but the dawning sun almost kills him. Lillian falls ill. Michelle and Mara attend the Festival of the Undead where they photograph the villagers, all wearing masks and dancing in a cemetery. A white horse is made to jump over fresh graves. Any grave over which the horse will not jump is said to be the grave of a vampire who is promptly dug up, staked and his or her heart boiled. Michelle is pleased to see Stefan there; the two share their first kiss. Radu is also there. When Michelle leaves the festival to check on Lillian, Radu abducts Mara. Lillian dies of "blood poisoning." To protect her body from mutilation by the villagers, Karl and Michelle bury Lillian in the cemetery at the castle ruins. Then they look for Radu's coffin, but it is empty. That night, Lillian awakens and joins Radu. When Stefan wakes, he takes Michelle and Karl to a church for safe-keeping then goes looking for Mara whom he finds in chains at the castle. Before he can free her, however, Stefan is netted by the subspecies. Lillian comes calling to Michelle at the church. Michelle goes out to her and is abducted, taken to the castle, and placed in chains with Mara. Michelle manages to break the chains away from the wall. She frees Mara who turns vampire and turns on Michelle. Mara, Lillian and Radu take Michelle to Stefan who is also being held in chains. Radu plans to desecrate Michelle in front of Stefan. Just as Radu bites her neck, Karl arrives. He stops Radu, shoots rosary beads into Mara, and frees who stakes Radu with a firey pole and cuts off his head. Lillian is eventually impaled on a chandelier, and Karl cuts off her head. Stefan retrieves the bloodstone and, at Michelle's request ("Make me like you, Stefan. There's no other hope for me."), Stefan turns Michelle vampire, and they sleep together in Stefan's coffin. Meanwhile, Radu's head, lying on the floor, is approached by his subspecies. [Full Synopsis by BJ Kuehl]
tt0098180
Action,Adventure
The movie opens with a room full of generals and strategists from Russia and other communist countries. They bring in Lt. Rachenco (Dolf Lungren) a special forces expert. he is given the mission of killing a well known leader of an anti communist movement. Kintash (Al White) is a hostage that will help him find this wanted leader. Shortly after he arrives at a military compound, Rachenco is arrested for getting drunk and tearing up the bar on base. Of course he is put in a cell with Kintash and Ferguson, an American. Ferguson and Kintash are old friends that get re-acquainted. Then Ferguson, who doesn't like Russians complains about being locked up with Rachenco until he sees the size of this Russian. Then, several Russian soldiers come into their cell. Because Ferguson is mouthy he gets burned by a cigar and a fight breaks out. Rachenco helps his cell mates in the battle and the three escape together. The get armed and stow away in a convoy truck. Soon they take the truck over with rachenco driving. They draw the attack of a small army. After shooting and blowing up the other vehicles, Rachenco has had enough of Ferguson's anti- Russian remarks and points a gun at him. Since they are on foot and a tank and chopper is looking for them, Kintash reminds them of the dander they are in. They decide to go together to a small village to avoid the communist military. Night fall comes and the three men set up camp in the desert. After Ferguson drops a lot of f-words, Rachenco asks if all Americans curse like he does. The next day, they walk to the village and see that it has been attacked. Most homes were destroyed but some women and children are left alive. Kintash is the only one that trusts Rachenco since it was Russians who have waged this war. Three new friends find a pond to cool off in, and then trouble arrives. Cuban and Russian forces move in to take them hostage. Just then, a well armed band of rebels arrive and take out the communists, freeing all three of them. Later, they arrive at another village, and the leader wants Rachenco confined. After getting fed up with his cell, Rachenco escapes. After he is caught, Ferguson is allowed to beat him with a gun, and then he is left far from the village for his fellow Russians to find him. Rachenco is captured by his own army and is imprisoned again. He tries to reconcile with his general. It is no use because the Cuban General has insisted on his execution. Of course, the powerful and skilled Russian escapes, killing his Cuban captor. The he ventures across the desert at night, fleeing his pursuers. Badly stun by scorpions, Rachenco passes out. The next morning, an aboriginal bush tribe finds him. They nurse him back to health as the Russian/Cuban forces search the dessert for him. Meantime, the Russians attack another village. Then the communist coalition finds and attacks the rebel base. Rachenco is meanwhile living with the bush people. As he learns their ways, he is branded as The Red Scorpion. He and his bush man go back to the village and find that the rebel leader is dying. So, they round up the remaining rebels and attack the Russian base. After a bloody battle of bullets and explosions, takes to the building where the generals he once worked for are. He takes them out while the rebels mop up on the base. After defeating the Russian/Cuban forces, Rachenco gives Ferguson an f-bomb when Ferguson says, "You did it"!
tt0070077
Crime,Drama
A Boston bank is the next hit of a group of crooks, and they turn to old-timer Eddie "Fingers" Coyle (Robert Mitchum) to get guns for their job. Third-time loser, Eddie is up for a long jail sentence and is looking for a way out because of his age, and children and wife to worry about so he cooperates with detective Foley (Richard Jordan) to become informer. Bartender Dillon (Peter Boyle) is also informing to Foley and he is contracted by a crime boss to assassinate Eddie after a job goes bad. Eddie is desperate to find something to negotiate with for a suspension of his jail term, but Foley won't cooperate. Dillon takes Eddie out for one last night on the town before his forced retirement.
tt0086946
Drama,Music
In the South Bronx, New York City, hip-hop disc jockey Kenny "Double K" Kirkland (Guy Davis) heads out for the night with his friends, Ramon (Jon Chardiet) and Chollie (Leon W. Grant), leaving behind his younger brother, Lee Kirkland (Robert Taylor). On their way to the house party they are hosting at an abandoned building, Ramon, and another graffiti artist, Luis (Franc Reyes), photograph the subway cars they tagged the previous night. The hip-hop dance party draws a crowd, including the uninvited Lee and his dance crew, the Beat Street Breakers. However, Lee wins over the audience with his dance moves. Kenny spins records and introduces a trio from the neighborhood, called Us Girls. When Kenny, Ramon, and Chollie hear an odd noise, they discover a young man named Henri (Dean Elliott) playing percussion on the buildings pipes in the building basement. Henri is looking for a conga player named Tito, but the boys tell him Tito left years earlier when the landlord burned the building for insurance. Later that night, Lee's crew scuffles with a rival group, the Bronx Rockers, but Henri diffuses the situation. The next day, while Kenny and Lee's mother, Cora Kirkland (Mary Alice Smith), cooks breakfast, she begs Kenny not to stay out so late because she already lost one son who was killed to gang violence. Chollie arrives and informs Kenny that he has complimentary tickets to the Roxy, one of Manhattan's most popular nightclubs. Meanwhile, Ramon's father, Domingo (Shawn Elliott), wants his son to stop desecrating subway cars, get a job, and marry Carmen (Saundra Santiago), the young mother of his illegitimate baby. That night, at the Roxy, the Breakers and the Rockers square off on the dance floor in a break-dancing row. A pretty college student named Tracy Carlson (Rae Dawn Chong) catches Kenny's eye, but she is most impressed by Lee's dancing and she invites Lee to her school. The next day, Ramon is upset because a rival graffiti artist, a shadowy and taciturn street punk known only as Spit (Bill Anagnos), has painted over his artwork on a subway car. Kenny, Ramon, Chollie, and Henri join Lee as he visits Tracy at the City College of New York (CCNY), where she is contributing a dance composition to a television program. The group is disappointed upon discovering that Lee was not actually invited to perform in the show, and Kenny accuses Tracy and her teachers of being condescending toward his brother. Later, Ramon visits with Carmen and their baby. They are interrupted by Carmen's mother, who accuses Ramon of shirking his responsibility. Carmen begs Ramon to take her and the baby away. Meanwhile, Tracy visits the Kirkland's apartment to apologize. Kenny plays her some of his musical mixes and the two find common ground. Later, Kenny takes Tracy to the subway tunnels, where Ramon and Lee are spray-painting a wall. Ramon longingly watches a clean, white train pass, claiming it his dream canvas. Startled by a noise, the friends leave, as the hooded Spit tags a freshly painted wall. Kenny walks Tracy home and explains that his older brother, a gang member named Franklin, was killed a year ago. They kiss goodnight and Kenny arrives home at dawn. Later that day, Chollie informs Kenny that he has a tryout that night at a club, the Burning Spear, run by Kool Herc. With Tracy at his side, Kenny spins records to the delight of the crowd, and Kool Herc hires him for the following weekend. The next day, Ramon asks his father, Domingo, if Carmen can live with them. Referring to his son as a criminal, Domingo refuses, then orders his son to marry Carmen and provide for his child. Later, Chollie takes Kenny to the Roxy, where a talent scout is auditioning local performers... among them are Tina B., Andy B. Bad, and The Fantastic Duo. Chollie asks Kenny to wait outside and invites the scout to see Kenny deejay at club Burning Spear. Afterward, Kenny drops by CCNY to surprise Tracy and sees her in an intimate embrace with her professor, Robert (Duane Jones). Meanwhile, Henri fixes up the basement of the abandoned building and moves in. Ramon tells his friends that he plans to move Carmen and the baby into an empty apartment upstairs. Ramon gets a job at a hardware store and his friends help him make the apartment habitable. They surprise Carmen with a small housewarming party. On Saturday night at the Burning Spear, Kenny impresses the talent scout, who invites him to deejay at the Roxy on New Year's Eve. The next day, the Breakers and the Rockers engage in a dance-off in a subway station and Lee is arrested. Meanwhile, Tracy arranges for Kenny to use the college's computerized studio, while she works with Robert at a nearby piano. Kenny accidentally deletes his work, and rejects Robert and Tracy's attempts to help him. He tells Tracy they both may be too bust to continue seeing one another. Later, Cora picks Lee up at the police station and defends her son, telling the officer that there are worse things kids can do besides dancing. At the college, Tracy conducts the premiere of her dance composition. Waiting for a train with Ramon, Kenny worries that he made a mistake with Tracy, and wonders if his talented friend is wasting his time on graffiti. Ramon explains he needed to take a job at the hardware store, but it interferes with his artwork. He sees an all-white train on the "A" line and realizes he can achieve his dream by painting it that night after work. Later that evening, Kenny meets Ramon and helps him paint the train. Lurking nearby is Spit, who tags the train even before Ramon can finish the other side. Ramon chases Spit through a tunnel, they scuffle, and fall onto an electrified rail, killing them both. After Ramon's funeral, Kenny is not sure about performing at the Roxy's New Year's Eve show. However, Tracy and Chollie help him assemble his idealized line-up of Grandmaster Melle Mel and the Furious Five, twenty-five break-dancers, the City College Dancers, and a Bronx gospel choir, and together, they produce a celebration of Ramon's life. Domingo, Ramon's father, is moved when he sees his son's artwork on the wall of a tenement building.
tt0972883
Drama,Thriller
Avery Ludlow (Brian Cox) is a 60-something widower who owns a small-town general store and lives with a 14-year-old mongrel dog named Red. (The dog was a gift from Ludlow's wife, who was murdered shortly afterward by their emotionally troubled son.) While taking a day off from work to go fishing, Ludlow and Red are met on the lakeshore by a deer-hunting trio of teenagers: Danny, his brother Harold, and their friend Pete (Noel Fisher, Kyle Gallner, and Shiloh Fernandez). Their conversation is at first friendly, but turns increasingly menacing as Danny - a swaggering bully - points his shotgun at Ludlow and demands money. Ludlow offers Danny the keys to his pickup truck, and says there's 20 or 30 dollars in his wallet in the glove box. Danny is disgusted at the small pickings, and on an impulse turns his shotgun toward Red, shooting him in the head. The boys walk away from the man and his dying dog, Danny and Pete laughing about it while Harold seems shaken and embarrassed. Ludlow takes his dog home and buries him. He learns Danny McCormack's identity by tracking down where he bought the shotgun. He goes to Danny's home and confronts the boy's father (Tom Sizemore), a wealthy businessman with political connections. Ludlow demands that McCormack discipline his son for what he did. McCormack summons his two sons, but they deny the incident happened. McCormack says Ludlow has the wrong culprits, and sends him away. Ludlow goes to his lawyer, who says even if the boys were tried and convicted of the crime, it is at best a 200-dollar fine and a few days in jail. The lawyer introduces Ludlow to Carrie (Kim Dickens), a TV reporter, who persuades him to let her do a feature story on the killing. What follows is an escalating cycle of hostilities between Ludlow and the McCormacks. After the TV story is aired, a rock is thrown through Ludlow's window, with a note saying he won't be on TV again. The next day Carrie's boss pulls her from the story. Ludlow and his lawyer then proceed to sue the McCormacks, but Mr. McCormack laughs it off and says they'll lose. Ludlow begins openly following the boys around, apparently trying to intimidate them into confessing their actions. He partially succeeds, when Harold approaches him and offers a sincere apology for the incident. Ludlow thanks Harold, but says he needs to hear it from Danny, too. Later, Ludlow taunts Danny on the street, and as he turns to walk away, Danny attacks him with a baseball bat. Ludlow expected this, having observed Danny's short temper on many occasions, and takes the opportunity to pummel Danny to the ground. As Danny lies whimpering, Ludlow tells him that all the witnesses can see he acted in self-defense, and Danny had better learn to control his mean streak and violent temper. Ludlow apparently thinks he has evened the score with Danny McCormack, but that night his store is burned to the ground by an unknown arsonist. The police are once again powerless to do anything, as Mr. McCormack and the three boys were all at the McCormacks' vacation home that night, with rock-solid alibis. Ludlow suspects Pete's parents (Amanda Plummer and Robert Englund) were somehow involved with the fire, as they seem much more cheerful than the last time he saw them, and they suddenly have several workmen at their home doing expensive repairs. Ludlow digs up Red's carcass, and carries it to the McCormack cabin. He lays the body on their doorstep and demands that Danny face up to what he has done. McCormack and Danny both produce guns, and Danny loses his temper once again and fires at Ludlow, wounding him in the ear. Harold prevents his father from shooting Ludlow, and Ludlow grabs Danny's pistol and forces him into his pickup truck, saying he'll go into town and surrender to the sheriff. Mr. McCormack follows in his truck, forcing Ludlow's truck off the road, where it overturns. Leaving Ludlow for dead, the McCormacks return to their cabin. Ludlow crawls out of the truck, finds the pistol, and walks back to the cabin. There, Harold pleads with him to just leave, but Ludlow wants his dog's body back. Harold takes him to the woods behind the house to find the body, but McCormack, Danny, and Pete find them there and once again Danny starts shooting. The ensuing gun battle in the dark kills the two innocent (or less-guilty) boys, Harold and Pete, while Danny, Ludlow, and Mr. McCormack are wounded. In the film's final scene, Ludlow has recovered from his injuries. He is a free man - apparently no criminal charges arose from the incident, though McCormack is threatening a civil suit. Carrie visits him at his home, and says she was given a job at the New York Times after they saw her newspaper story about the tragedy. Ludlow says he was wrong all along, that two boys are dead because he couldn't just "let it go". Carrie disagrees with him, and says her paper will pay for his defense. She gives him a puppy, which Ludlow adamantly refuses to take, saying he's too old to have another dog. Carrie says he should just give the dog whatever time he has, and she drives off. As the movie ends, Ludlow has fed the puppy in the kitchen, and as he drinks a beer wonders aloud what name he'll give it.
tt0082245
Horror
Martha (Maren Jensen) and Jim Schmidt (Douglas Barr) live on an isolated farm named 'Our Blessing', where most of the neighboring population are "Hittites", an austere religious community who according to one of the characters "make the Amish look like swingers". Jim was a Hittite, but left the community when he got married. Jim tells a neighbor, Louisa Stohler (Lois Nettleton), who is the mother of Faith (Lisa Hartman) that his wife, Martha is pregnant and that Louisa's services as a mid-wife will soon be needed by them. Louisa and Faith are not part of the Hittite community, either. In fact, they do not like them due in part to the constant harassment of Faith by William, who chases her and calls her Incubus. That night, Jim searches in the barn after hearing strange noises from inside, but is murdered when a mysterious figure runs him over with his tractor. This is seen as a mechanical accident. Friends Lana Marcus (Sharon Stone) and Vicky Anderson (Susan Buckner) come from the city visit Martha after Jim's funeral. William Gluntz is sneaking around the barn when Martha comes in. He manages to escape unnoticed, but accidentally leaves one of his shoes behind. When William Gluntz (Michael Berryman) goes to the house at night to search for his shoe, he spies Martha through her window getting undressed. Then he is stabbed through the back by an unseen figure.The following day, William's father Matthew, and Jim's father and the leader of the Hittites, Isaiah Schmidt (Ernest Borgnine) come to the farm looking for William after he does not return home after being sent by his father to retrieve a his lost shoe. Martha tells the men she has no idea where William is and they start to leave. Then Isaiah goes back to the door and offers to buy the farm from Martha but Martha refuses. The three girlfriends are at breakfast supporting Martha when Lana describes a nightmare she had about a scary man that turns into a spider. Faith joins them and brings them some eggs. She decries the Hittites, saying how much she hates them. Later, Vicky goes jogging along a trail and meets John Schmidt (Jeff East), Jim's Brother. The two strike up a conversation and spend time together. Isaiah interrupts them, and instructs John to shun all outsiders. Lana enters the barn to look for a part for the tractor, but all the doors and windows suddenly close, trapping her inside. In a panic, she searches for a way out but encounters a figure dressed in black. When escaping out the now open barn door, William's corpse swoops down at her, hanging from a rope. The Hittites take William's body away, refusing an autopsy, insisting that he was killed by the incubus. The sheriff (Kevin Cooney) advises the three friends to leave town, as someone may be after them. An unseen figure creeps into the house that night and drops a snake into the tub with Martha. She manages to get out of the bathtub and kill the snake with a fireplace poker. John , Martha's brother-in-law is unwillingly engaged to Melissa (Colleen Riley) his cousin. However John feels attracted to Vicky. When he meets Vicky again at the store, Melissa sees him and runs off. John follows after, pleading. He accidentally rips her dress.Meanwhile, Martha practices shooting her new pistol. When Isaiah finds out that John ripped Melissa's dress, he whips John. John stops him, and is cast out of the community by Isaiah. Louisa stops by to visit Martha and apologize for Faith's intrusions. John meets Vicky outside the cinema. Meanwhile, Lana has a nightmare in which a pair of hands take hold of her head, forcing her to open her mouth as a spider falls in. She wakes suddenly. Vicky lets John drive her car, giving him a sense of freedom. They stop at the side of a road and begin to make out but they are attacked by an unseen figure who stabs John multiple times and sets fire to the car, which blows up with Vicky still inside. Lana and Martha are worried about Vicky since she hasn't returned. When Lana goes to the kitchen for a drink of milk,she finds blood in a milk carton. Then Martha finds a scarecrow tied in her room with a flower that was buried with Jim. When Martha hurries to Jim's grave she finds the grave dug up. When she opens the coffin, she is surprised by a flock of chickens that jump out at her. Suspecting Louisa or Faith, she hurries to their home, where she finds a painting of herself being stalked by Death and the dead body of her husband Jim hanging nearby. At the same time, she discovers Melissa on the front lawn approaching the house praying against any evil that exists. Louisa bursts outside, attacking Melissa.When Louisa sees Martha, she tosses Melissa aside and comes after her.Then Martha is attacked by Faith. During the struggle, Faith's shirt is ripped open, revealing her to be a man who has been in love with Martha. Martha rushes home to rouse Lana and get the pistol, but when there is rapping at the door Lana begins to panic because of her fear of Death. Martha hits her, knocking her out and sending her sprawling. Martha shoots Faith as she(he) comes through the window. She tosses the pistol on the couch.Then Louisa breaks through the door with a shotgun and chases Martha. A chase and struggle ensues, when finally Louisa is finished ohh by a bullet shot by the now conscious Lana. However, Faith has survived her gunshot and tries to stab Martha once more, but she is killed when Melissa stabs her in the back. Isaiah turns up and tells them that the messenger of the incubus is now dead. The day after, Lana leaves Martha to go back to LA. When Martha enters her home a ghost of Jim warns her about the incubus. The film ends immediately after the real incubus bursts through the floor and pulls Martha back into the floor.
tt0076100
Action,Comedy,Crime
Paula Powers (Nancy Morgan) is a wealthy young woman who is engaged to fellow schoolmate Sam Freeman (Ron Howard). This does not sit well with her parents Bigby (Barry Cahill) and Priscilla (Elizabeth Rogers), as they think it will destroy Bigby's chances of running for governor of California. Sam learns that Paula is already in an arranged engagement to another wealthy young man, Collins Hedgeworth (Paul Linke) and is ordered by Bigby to leave the property. Paula stands her ground saying that she will marry Sam in Las Vegas and Bigby strongly warns her that her inheritance and credit will be cut off, if she does and takes the keys to her sports car to prevent her from leaving. Paula storms to her room, but decides to trick her parents by climbing out her window and taking off in her father's priceless Rolls-Royce. Bigby witnesses this and prepares to give chase in the sports car, but discovers that she took off the front tires on it. Paula stops at the end of the driveway, where Sam is standing. The two embrace and drive off. A desperate Bigby is forced to hire private detective Ned Slinker (Rance Howard) to stop them before they get to Las Vegas and makes strict orders not to get the police and media involved. As Bigby and Priscilla prepare to leave for the airport, Collins calls the house and Priscilla delivers the bad news to him. Collins snaps and speeds off in his Porsche, which he, soon after, destroys after jumping over a dirt mound on a construction site. He then steals a Dodge Charger from a used car dealership, forcing the police to call his mother, Vivian, who is in the middle of a therapy session. Because she does not want the police to harm Collins, she volunteers to go after him herself in a Volkswagen belonging to her neighbor. Collins catches up with Paula and Sam and unsuccessfully tries to talk her out of it. He then loses control of the Charger and lands upside down. Shortly after, Collins calls into local radio station 10 Q to offer a $25,000 reward for the safe return of Paula, which triggers curiousness for mechanics Ace (Clint Howard) and Sparky (Peter Isacksen), who decide to speed off on a race car they are working on, which supposedly they are just test-driving it. Collins eventually steals an old work truck from a nearby gas station, while Vivian offers another $25,000 reward for the safe return of her son. Meanwhile, Sam begins to think they should change their plans and go somewhere else to elope, but Paula refuses to let anybody intimidate them. Vivian runs a red light and is pursued by overzealous police officer Norman Tad (James Ritz). When the Volkswagen slams into a tree, not far away from a preacher (Hoke Howell) delivering his outside church sermon.,Tad prepares to arrest her. but his squad car is stolen by the preacher when he catches wind of the $25,000 reward she offered for Collins' return. When Vivian speeds off again, Tad is forced to commander a bus full of senior citizens. Sparky and Ace catch up to Paula and Sam and chase them onto a desert road, but the bumps take its toll on the car they are in and falls to pieces. They manage to steal a truck from a newlywed couple making love in the back and tumble out. Paula and Sam are also pursued by a helicopter, as well as 10 Q DJ Curly Q. Brown (Don Steele) hovering above in another helicopter. Sam is angry to discover that Curly had promoted the whole thing as a gimmick to others to stop the two at any costs to collect the $25,000 reward. Shortly after, three desert workmen (Bill Conklin, Robby Weaver, and Rick Seaman) hear about the reward and they give chase, as well. When the preacher spots Collins, he rolls the truck over in panic and is captured by the preacher, but Collins tells him he will get $50,000 if he helps Collins stop Paula, which he joyfully agrees.Not along after, even the Las Vegas mob are called in to stop the couple. With nobody in sight, they pull into an abandoned junkyard where Sam vents on how Paula was so stubborn to change their route and blames Collins by turning the whole thing into a circus. He also questions Paula that she will miss being rich, if she marries him. Paula breaks down and tells him if they do not have a connection in true love, the elopement is off. Sam understands where she is coming from and the two make up. Not far away from Las Vegas, Paula and Sam run into the main pursuers and are chased yet again, this time into a demolition derby arena, where all the vehicles get destroyed, including the Rolls-Royce, the two lovers manage to escape the arena as a convoy of police officers swarm in and arrest all the people involved. Bigby discovers that Collins was the cause of all this and thinks he is not a suitable husband for Paula and thinks she met the right guy, meaning Sam. After the two are married and get into a limo to take them to the hotel. They are pursued one last time by Curly, who's driving a company car. He tries to persuade them to stop for an interview, but Curly loses control of the car and plows straight through a suburban house and crashes into a swimming pool in the backyard. The two laugh at the situation and they both make a pact to love each other, forever.
tt0096028
Crime,Drama
This is a superb film that gives the viewer a bird's eye view into the plight of India's urban street children. It is done through the experience of young Krishna, an illiterate, country bumpkin of a boy, who is abandoned by his mother at a circus and told not to come home until he has five hundred rupees for having broken something that belonged to his brother. While Krishna is on an errand, the circus packs up and leaves town, and he is left alone to fend for himself. Krishna uses his last few rupees to travel to a city, which by luck of the draw turns out to be Bombay. Thrust into the life of the street children of Bombay, living among the pimps, hustlers, drug addicts, prostitutes, and throw away children that proliferate in India's urban settlements, a modern day jungle, Krishna struggles to survive. His resourcefulness holds him in good stead. He quickly develops some street smarts and forms attachments. He struggles to earn and save money, so that he can return home to his mother and the family whom he misses, only to be duped in the end by one whom he had trusted. His story breaks one's heart, as he learns some hard lessons in life. This is a gritty look into the underbelly and plight of Bombay's poor street children, who call the gutters of its filthy urban streets home. It is filled with the sights and sounds of this urban nightmare. An Academy Award nominee for Best Foreign Language Film, this highly acclaimed film allows the viewer a peek at another culture, only to find that basic human needs and desires are universal.
tt0085693
Comedy,Horror,Mystery
American author Kenneth Magee is in England to meet his agent Sam Allyson. He sees a pretty blonde woman in the restaurant who seems to be watching him, but nothing comes of it. Over lunch Sam makes a $20,000 wager with Kenneth that he cannot write a gothic novel in twenty-four hours. Kenneth says he could if he had someplace quiet to work, where he would not be disturbed. Sam happens to know of an old manor house in Wales called Baldpate. No one has lived there for years and the property is soon to be sold. Kenneth accepts the bet and is soon on his way to Wales during a heavy rain. He cannot find the house and stops at a railway station to ask for directions. A young couple, Diana and Andrew Caulder, are stranded there but otherwise the place seems deserted. Suddenly a bent old woman wearing a hooded cloak enters. Upon seeing Kenneth, she goes into the ladies' restroom. Hearing the sound of broken glass, Diana goes to check on her but the room is empty. The old woman escaped by breaking a window. The stationmaster appears and points Kenneth in the right direction. The house is deserted just as Sam promised and has no electricity but Kenneth finds candles. He chooses a bedroom, sets up his typewriter, and goes to work. Suddenly the blonde woman from the restaurant appears and tells him he is in great danger. Kenneth thinks it is a trick set up by Sam to prevent him from working and orders her out. She leaves but returns and says someone is after her. She introduces herself as Mary Norton. This time Kenneth plays along and they search the upstairs. Along the wall are gloomy portraits of the Grisbane family, apparently the last owners. Where Roderick Grisbane's portrait should be is an empty space. They smell food cooking and go downstairs. An elderly couple are there who claim to be the caretakers. But Sam had said there were no caretakers. Kenneth doesn't understand why the electricity is now on but the woman says it was on all the time. She admits they are not the caretakers but rather Lord Grisbane and his daughter Victoria. They have been away from the house for 40 years but have now returned to meet the other Grisbanes; Victoria's brothers Lionel and Sebastian. Mary and Kenneth return to his room and she takes a nap. Kenneth works for a while but can't shake the feeling that something sinister is afoot. Then Diana and Andrew Caulder appear, admitting that they followed Kenneth because they didn't want to spend the night in the train station. Kenneth once more tries to work but Lionel and Sebastian arrive. Everyone sits down to dinner and Lionel explains they are here to honor a pact they made 40 years ago. He hints at a scandal involving Roderick but is not specific. After dinner Victoria entertains the group with a gloomy song, accompanying herself on the piano. She breaks off to cry out that she was once beautiful and engaged to be married. But her family refused to permit it. Her father and brothers look very uncomfortable. A man knocks at the door and introduces himself as Corrigan. He demands to know what they are all doing there and threatens to call the police. Kenneth explains his presence but the Grisbanes evade the question. At last they admit that their youngest brother Roderick got a village girl pregnant when he was a teenager. He then murdered her. Instead of turning him in to the police, the Grisbanes decided to imprison him in his bedroom for 40 years. They made a pact to return on this night to unlock the door. Corrigan is outraged and says they are monsters. Everyone goes to Roderick's bedroom but it is empty. At this point Kenneth, Mary, and the Caulders decide to leave. But their tires have been slashed, as have Corrigan's. Diana is furious and blames the whole thing on Andrew. They argue bitterly and she runs sobbing upstairs. When she goes to wash her face, the basin is filled with acid instead of water. She dies a horrible death. Believing that Roderick, now a crazed madman, is loose in the house, everyone separates and tries to find him. One by one, the Grisbanes (all but Lionel) and Andrew are murdered. There remains only Lionel, Corrigan, Kenneth and Mary. Corrigan announces that he is actually Roderick Grisbane. He escaped and made a life for himself but returned tonight to kill his family. He says it was really Lionel who impregnated and murdered the village girl but his family decided to let him take the blame. Lionel was the oldest and they wanted to prevent a scandal. Corrigan kills Lionel and then advances on Kenneth and Mary. Kenneth fights and kills him. Then Mary smiles, kisses Kenneth on the cheek and walks away. Suddenly all the characters come back to life and gather in the main hall. A spooky laugh is heard and Sam enters. He set the entire thing up and hired actors. Mary is actually married to the actor playing Andrew Caulder. Kenneth is dazed but admits that Sam put one over on him. Food and drinks are served and everyone mingles. The scene switches to Kenneth's bedroom, where he is typing the last sentence in his novel. It is daylight and he has won the bet. The Grisbanes, Mary, and the Caulders exist only in his imagination. What happened the night before was actually the plot of his novel. He drives away and the house is left undisturbed. Sam meets him for lunch and Kenneth hands him the novel. But he tears up Sam's check. He notices that one of the waiters strangely resembles Lionel Grisbane. On his way out of the restaurant, he runs into the blonde woman. He put her into the novel as Mary Norton but she is actually Sam's secretary.
tt0118930
Drama,Romance
Brad Pitt stars in this touching story about a young American searching for the cure to a rare skin disease that will kill him if he is exposed to light. In a small town on the Adriatic, a local healer has provided him with a cure but its a cure that can only last for three days. Realizing that this may be his only chance to break free from the prison of his illness, Rick decides to live those three days to the fullest. Rick finds respite in the form of a young American girl. Together they fall in love, knowing that the love can never last beyond three days. Yet each secretly hopes for a miracle, a miracle which may never come.
tt1337032
Comedy,Crime
Ricky, Julian and Bubbles are about to get out of jail, and this time, Julian vows to go straight, even open a legit business. Soon the Boys will all be rich. At least thats what theyve told the parole board. But when they arrive back at the park, they find it's not the same old Sunnyvale - and it's not the same old Jim Lahey, Trailer Park Supervisor. Lahey's a new man, hasn't had a drink for two years. And he has plans - BIG PLANS - for Sunnyvale. But unfortunately for Lahey, Julian stands in his way. With his big plans for Sunnyvale going down the toilet, his relationship with Randy broken down, and having the Boys back in the park is all way too much pressure for him to bear. For Jim Lahey, the countdown to liquor day is on. Meanwhile, Julian's having problems of his own and the Boys are forced to resort to doing what they know best - breaking the law. Lahey's descent into the liquor coupled with the Boys descent into crime puts them all on a collision course to mayhem and destruction.
tt0091288
Drama
The film "Jean de Florette" (1986) and the one which followed it, "Manon des Sources" (1986), are the screen rendition of Marcel Pagnol's exquisite novel, "L'eau des Collines" ("The Water from the Hills," 1963). It is the story of two competing projects, one carried out by the city-dweller Jean Cadoret, and the other by the peasant Ugolin, set in the rustic and picturesque environment of Provence in the 1920s. It is a story of opposites: the city versus the country, modernity versus traditional, good versus bad, and memory versus oblivion. As "Jean de Florette" begins, Ugolin (Daniel Auteuil), also known as "Galinette," having fulfilled his compulsory military duty, returns to "les Bastides Blanches," his native village. His uncle is Csar Soubeyran (Yves Montand), "le Papet," who with Ugolin is the last of the Soubeyrans, the most powerful family in the village. "Le Papet," having never married (a bit of a misnomer, since "papet" means "grandfather" in Provenal), has no heirs to whom he can pass his fortune. He sees in Ugolin his only hope for continuing the Soubeyran lineage. Ugolin returned to "les Bastides" with the idea of growing carnations. He sets up a small plot of land, plants his cuttings, and waits for the results. Ugolin keeps his enterprise a secret until the first harvest, when he takes his uncle along to witness the sale of the flowers to the village florist. Impressed by Ugolin's success, Csar sees in it a way to secure the Soubeyran family's fortune, and he resolves to do everything possible to facilitate Ugolin's success. The enterprise needs more land, and since carnations require lot of water to grow, this land must have a reliable source of water. Nearby, at the domain known as "les Romarins," there is a spring whose existence has almost been forgotten. Csar and Ugolin know of its existence, and they go to speak to the owner of the land, Pique-Bouffigue, offering to buy his property. Pique-Bouffigue is antagonistic toward Csar (probably because Csar never married his sister, Florette) and insults him. A fight ensues, during which Csar unintentionally causes Pique-Bouffigue's death. The two Soubeyrans arrange his body at the foot of a tree to simulate an accidental fall. Csar writes to an old school chum, Grafignette, who lives in nearby Crespin, asking to whom he should now address his offer to purchase "les Romarins." Grafignette writes back that the Pique-Bouffigue's heir is named Jean Cadoret (Gerard Depardieu). Cadoret is the son of Pique-Bouffigue's sister, Florette, who had just passed away few days earlier. Realizing that "les Romarins" would be practically uncultivable without the nearly forgotten spring, Csar and Ugolin plug it up with cement, and then camouflage it. Furthermore, Csar makes sure that the rest of the village knows that Jean Cadoret comes from the hated village of Crespin, thereby guaranteeing the silence and complicity of the few villagers who could be aware of the existence of this spring. Jean, "le bossu" (the hunchback), his wife Aime (Elisabeth Depardieu), and his young daughter, Manon (Ernestine Mazurowna) soon arrive at "les Romarins," planning to settle down and raise rabbits. "I'm here to cultivate the authentic!" he tells Ugolin, who interprets the word "othentic" as some sort of exotic vegetable. Jean's project is in direct competition with Csar 's for the precious, scarce resources of arable land and water. Csar is convinced that it is only matter of time until Jean, a city dweller, will fail, sell his property, and return to the city where he was employed in the tax collector's office. He advises Ugolin to befriend Jean, to help him and his family as much as possible in their venture, thus insuring that when Jean is finally desperate enough to sell out, it will be to his true friend and good neighbor, Ugolin. The Cadorets spend their first winter at "les Romarins" preparing their project, and the spring heralds their success: the rabbits are growing fat and multiplying, and the kitchen garden gives produce which are the envy of the Soubeyrans. Summer is another story: no rain. Jean's well is now dry, and he, together with Aimee and Manon, must fetch the life-giving water from a spring located more than one mile away, still on the Cadorets' property, at "le Plantier." They endlessly shuttle between their garden and the spring as many as five or six times per day. Despite his efforts, Jean cannot keep up with his garden's thirst, and he collapses exhausted: all the rabbits die, and the garden is burned by the implacable Provence sun. Once restored to health, Jean is not ready to give up, and mortgages his property to Csar. Jean reads in one of his books about the dowsing technique and proceeds to use it to look for a spring on his land. Thinking he has discovered one, Jean digs until he reaches bedrock, and then dynamites the rock. He is injured in the explosion, and dies on his kitchen table. Aime sells the property to Csar and prepares to depart. Csar and Ugolin, not even waiting until Aime and Manon have left, rush to the hidden spring and unplug it. Manon, who had followed them, is crushed by the spectacle of the gushing water: her beloved father died just as a spring was "discovered" on the property. Csar cups some water from the spring and pouring it over Ugolin's head declares him the "King of Carnations."
tt0097883
Drama,Sci-Fi,Thriller
A US passenger airliner in 1989 is about to be struck from above by another airliner on a landing approach. The pilot handles the plane as well as he can while the flight engineer goes back to check on the passenger cabin. He comes back in the cockpit screaming, "They're dead! All of them! They're burned up!" Bill Smith is a National Transportation Safety Board investigator hired to determine whether the collision and subsequent crash of both aircraft was due to some mechanical fault or human error on the part of either pilot. He and his team of investigators are confused by the flight engineer's words on the cockpit voice recorder, as there is no evidence of a fire on board before the plane hit the ground. At the same time, a theoretical physicist named Dr Arnold Mayer has a professional curiosity about the crash, which borders on science fiction. While giving a lecture, he talks about time travel and the possibility of visitors from the future. Time travellers are visiting the present day and stealing passengers from doomed aircraft. In the future, because of pollution, the human population is no longer able to reproduce, so teams are sent in to the past to abduct groups of people who are about to die and keep them in stasis until they will be sent into the far future to repopulate the Earth. While many people in the future are in poor health, some are healthy enough to successfully pass for 20th Century humans, and are given the best of food and care so that they can successfully infiltrate, using reproductions of contemporary clothing. Every incursion into the past causes an accompanying "timequake" whose magnitude is proportional to the effects of the incursion. Each "timequake" causes physical damage in the time from which the incursion has been made. This is why they are abducting people who will not be able to affect the future any further and replacing them with copies of those who would have died. Thus, the flight engineer's strange comment came because all the passengers had been replaced with pre-burned duplicates in preparation for the impending crash. While on a mission to 1963, a time travel operative on board a plane is shot before it crashes, losing a stun weapon as a result. This weapon winds up in the possession of Dr Mayer, setting him on the path to working out what is happening. Twenty-five years later Smith finds a similar artefact among the wreckage of the crash portrayed at the beginning of the film. Worried that the 20th century discoveries made by Smith and Mayer might change history, Louise Baltimore travels back to 1989 to distract Bill Smith and discourage him from pursuing his investigation further. Louise gains Bill's trust and seduces him into a one-night stand, which she hopes will complete the distraction. It is later revealed that Louise becomes pregnant as a result of this encounter. As a consequence of further errors on the part of the time travel team and paradoxical events, Bill becomes even more suspicious. He soon pays a visit to Dr Mayer. Louise materializes from the future and reveals her mission to both of them in the hope that they will voluntarily keep quiet. In a mishap with the stun weapon, Mayer inadvertently kills himself. Mayer was instrumental in the development of the Gate technology that made time travel possible, so his death results in an unresolvable paradox - a force infinity timequake - which will destroy the entire civilisation of the "present" future. The only course of action is to send all of the people who have been collected into the distant future before the Gate is permanently destroyed. Louise goes with Bill to the future. Bill and Louise step through the Gate and disappear: they are transported to another time and place, saving their lives, and allowing them to fulfil a destiny to repopulate the Earth. As a cataclysmic explosion destroys the Gate and the blast wave engulfs him, Sherman the Robot quotes Winston Churchill: "This is not the end. This is not the beginning of the end. It is the end of the beginning."
tt0081163
Crime,Mystery,Thriller
Set in the fictional English village of St. Mary Mead, home of Miss Jane Marple (Angela Lansbury), in 1953. The movie opens with a black-and-white scene from a movie being played at the local community house titled 'Meeting at Midnight' where a detective in the movie assembles a group of people together at a quait country mansion to root out them for the murder of the wealthy owner. The film breaks which depresses the local audience, until Miss Marple reveals, according to her natural skill of observation, who the murderer in the movie is. Meanwhile, a big Hollywood production company arrives to film a costume movie about Mary, Queen of Scots and Elizabeth I with two famous movie stars, Marina Rudd (Elizabeth Taylor) and Lola Brewster (Kim Novak). Marina and Lola are old rivals who hate each other. Marina, who is making a much heralded comeback after a prolonged "illness" and retirement, when she, in reality, has had a nervous breakdown, and her husband, Jason Rudd (Rock Hudson), who is directing the movie they are making, arrive with their entourage. When she learns that Lola will be in the movie as well, she becomes enraged and vents her anger. Lola and her husband, Martin N. "Marty" Fenn (Tony Curtis), who is producing the movie they are making, then arrive at the gathering. Excitement runs high in St. Mary Mead, as the locals have been invited to a reception held by the movie company in a manor house, Gossington Hall, to meet the celebrities. Lola and Marina come face to face at the reception and exchange some potent and comical insults, nasty one-liners, as they smile and pose for the cameras. The two square off in a series of hilarious and cleverly written and performed cat-fights throughout the movie. After her initial exchange with Lola at the reception, she is cornered by a gushing, devoted fan, Heather Babcock (Maureen Bennett), who bores her with a long and detailed story about having actually met Marina in person during World War II. After recounting the meeting they had all those years ago, when she arose from her sickbed to go and meet the glamorous star, Babcock drinks a cocktail that was made for Marina and quickly dies from poisoning. The incident is unfortunate for Marina's mental state, and she is beside herself. Everyone is certain Heather was the intended murder victim. Once filming begins on the movie, Marina discovers that apart from threatening notes made up of newspaper clippings, her cup of coffee on the set has also been spiked with poison, sending her into fits of terror. A police detective from Scotland Yard arrives to investigate the case. Inspector Dermot Craddock (Bernard Fox) is baffled as he tries to uncover who is behind the attempt on the life of the actress and the subsequent murder of the innocent woman. The suspected are Ella Zielinsky (Geraldine Chaplin), Jason's production assistant who is secretly having an affair with him and would like Marina out of the way, and the hot-headed actress Lola Brewster. Inspector Craddock even suspects Marty Fenn may have have something to do with the attempt on Marina's life since he is Lola's blindly loyal husband. Inspector Craddock then meets with Marina who tells him about reciving the death threats against her in the form of two notes delivered recently and claims not to know who is behind them. When Inspector Craddock questions Jason about the notes, he clearly acts somewhat suprised as if hearing about it for the first time, and he calmly tells the inspector that he wanted to keep the threats on his wife a secret as not to bring on bad publicity for the Hollywood studio. Inspector Craddock asks his aunt, the renowned amateur detective Miss Jane Marple, who injured her foot at the reception and is confined to her home, for assistance. The main suspect, Ella Zielinsky, is later killed by a lethal nose spray after going to a pay phone in the village, where she called the murderer and threatened to expose them. At the climax, Miss Marple, now back on her feet, visits Gossington Hall, where Marina and Jason are staying, and views where Heather Babcock's death occurred. Working from information received from her cleaning woman, Cherry Baker (Wendy Morgan), who was working as a waitress the day of the murder, the determined elderly sleuth begins to piece together the events of the fatal reception and solves the mystery: Marina herself is the murderer. In the film's denouement, Miss Marple explains to Jason Rudd and Inspector Craddock about the two murders that have occurred. Heather Babcock's story was Marina's initial motive. Ten years earlier, Miss Babcock suffered from German measles; a rather harmless disease to most adults, but problematic for a pregnant woman. Heather Babcock innocently infected Marina when she met her during World War II during a stage performance. Marina was about a month pregnant at the time; the disease caused her child to be born with mental retardation. Upon hearing the unknowing Heather cheerfully tell this story, Marina was overcome with rage and poisoned Heather without thinking. She then spread the idea that she was the intended victim in order to throw off suspicion from herself, delivering death threats and poisoning her own coffee at the studio. Ella, who made phone calls to various suspects from the town's pay phone, accidentally guessed correctly, apparently prompting Marina to murder her as well. Miss Marple also deducts that Jason Rudd knew about Marina's murderous secret after Inspector Craddock told him the other day about the death threat notes that Marina received. Jason saw right through the charade as he realized that Marina fabricated everything because she never told him about the death threat notes, and thus decided to protect her. Jason, Marina's devoted husband, confesses to Miss Marple that he actually administered a dosage of poison just last night to save her from prosecution. However, when they enter Marina's room, they see that Marina is now dead. However, Marina didn't touch the hot chocolate Jason made for her and rather poisoned herself. As Marina is now dead, she will not be brought to justice. On that note, both Miss Marple and Inspector Craddock depart from Gossington Hall as the end credits role.
tt0095599
Drama,Romance,Thriller
Olivia (Meg Tilly) a wealthy heiress is vulnerable mourning over her mother's recent death. A handsome talented yacht captain (Rob Lowe), seemingly uninterested in her money, sweeps her off her feet and she thinks it could be true love. A conspiracy is revealed that is devised to rob Olivia of both her fortune and her life.
tt0072848
Drama,Thriller
Young artist Tod Hackett (William Atherton) looks over an apartment in the new Depression Era Hollywoodland as a place to set up residence as he makes his way into the film industry. Hackett is like many other young men of the time seeking a career at one of the studios that make silent films in the 30s. Across from his bungalow lives Faye Greener (Karen Black) a young blonde who works as a film extra and very attractive to Hackett whose attempts to initiate a romantic relationship with the woman is rebuffed. Hackett aspires to great art as a painter visualizing his major work "Burning of Hollywood" but working as a set designer for a second rate producer Claude Estee (Richard A. Dysart) who was a graduate from Yale College as Hackett was. As Hackett gets involved deeper into the world of Faye and her former Vaudeville performer father Harry Greener (Burgess Meredith) who makes money selling elixir door-to-door he becomes more disillusioned over the mythic value of Hollywood. When Harry collapses at the home of unassuming accountant Homer Simpson (Donald Sutherland), Faye pulls Homer into the fringe world of film performers using him to live on while she pursues her career. As Hackett is exposed to more of the lifestyle in the film world of Los Angeles his vision of Mankind takes on bolder, grander imagery when an event at a film premier develops into mayhem.
tt0074540
Adventure,Horror,Sci-Fi
Off the coast of the Pacific Northwest, Morgan (Marjo Gortner), a professional football player, and his friend Brian (Jon Cypher), are on a ferry heading to an island for a few days' rest. Morgan remembers his father saying that someday nature will rebel against man for what man has done to it. Meeting up with their teammate, Davis (Chuck Courtney), they all go deer hunting on horseback. Morgan corners a deer, then lets it go. Davis rides after it. Deep in the forest, Davis' horse spooks and throws him to the ground. He hears a loud buzzing noise and looks up to see wasps the size of buzzards. Morgan and Brian find Davis' swollen, dead body, and Brian stays with the corpse while Morgan rides to a farmhouse to ask for help. Mrs. Skinner (Ida Lupino), a farmer in her late fifties, sees him coming and runs into her house. Morgan knocks on the door, but gets no answer. Hearing a loud flapping sound, Morgan goes into the barn and sees six-foot tall chickens. The rooster attacks and Morgan kills it with a pitchfork. Appearing in the kitchen window, Mrs. Skinner tells him he had no right to go into the barn. Morgan explains his friend is dead and he needs a phone. She says she does not have a phone, but asks him in to look at some holes in the wall. She thinks rats may have gotten in and eaten the chicken feed. Morgan sees a bowl containing a paste-like substance. Mrs. Skinner explains that it comes from the ground and makes animals gigantic. He watches a wasp eat the food and tells Mrs. Skinner that it is dangerous, but she says God gave it to her and Mr. Skinner because they are good people. She tells him that Mr. Skinner is in the city to sell it and make them rich. Morgan and Brian leave the island. Afraid people will think they are crazy, they decide to let the coroner figure out what killed Davis. On the night ferry, Mr. Skinner asks a ferryman if anyone has seen anything really big on the island. Meanwhile, Mrs. Skinner hears glass breaking in the kitchen and finds some canning jars overturned. As she cleans up the mess, two-foot-long worms bite her hand. As Mr. Skinner drives home, he gets a flat tire. When he gets out to fix it, a pack of giant rats rush out and eat him alive. The next day, Brian tells Morgan the coroner's conclusion that Davis had to have been stung by over two hundred wasps to account for the amount of toxin he had in his body. Morgan insists that they go back. On the island, Rita (Belinda Balaski), a pregnant woman, and her boyfriend, Thomas (Tom Stovall), have gotten their recreational vehicle stuck in the mud. Jack Bensington (Ralph Meeker), a businessman, and Lorna Scott (Pamela Franklin), a bacteriologist, drive by, and although Rita tries to flag them down, Bensington is too busy to stop. At the farm, Bensington and Lorna find the giant chickens torn to pieces, but Bensington thinks the chickens are fakes. They meet Mrs. Skinner and are told Mr. Skinner has yet to return. She then shows them a white fluid oozing from a rock. Mrs. Skinner explains that nothing will eat the fluid unless it is mixed with food, and it does not affect adult animals, only their offspring. Morgan and Brian spot Rita and Thomas while driving on the island, and the couple tells Morgan about seeing rats the size of horses. Morgan wants the two to come with him, but they want to stay with the RV and ask Morgan to pick them up on the way back. When Morgan and Davis get to the farm, they see Bensington fighting off giant wasps with a shovel. After they shoot and kill some of the wasps, Bensington tells them to leave, saying he owns the fluid; however, Mrs. Skinner says no one owns it until Mr. Skinner says they do. Morgan explains he is only there to destroy the wasps' nest. Davis and Morgan find the nest and blow it up with a homemade bomb. Mrs. Skinner runs up and tells them Lorena has fallen down a rat hole. Taking his shotgun, Morgan goes down the hole, but it caves in before he can rescue Lorna. Brian finds another rat hole and asks Bensington to go in with him, but Bensington calls him a fool. Morgan fights off three rats, but runs out of shotgun shells. Another giant rat attacks, and Brian appears, shooting it in the head. As they come out of the tunnel, Rita and Thomas run up to say rats are attacking their RV. Bensington wants to drive right through the rats, but Morgan tells everyone to stay put. Scouting out the situation, Morgan and Brian find a pack of rats ripping the RV into pieces. Returning to the farm, Morgan discovers a fence that runs across the island with water on both sides. Brian says the fence will not hold the rats, but Morgan gets a generator to electrify it. Brian then points out that rats swim, but Morgan thinks they cannot as they have grown too big. At the farm, Bensington scoops the fluid into all the containers he can find. Lorena asks him to help Rita, who is in pain, but Bensington ignores her, saying the fluid has stopped running and is drying up. The fence electrocutes some rats, and the remainder jumps into the water and drowns. Brian is ecstatic until Morgan says that not all the rats went into the water. They then realize the rats have short-circuited the fence with a tree. Before they can escape, the rats attack. Morgan fights a rat barehanded until he grabs a shotgun and kills it. He then watches in horror as rats devour Brian. Morgan jumps into the jeep and takes off. When Morgan gets back to the farm, Bensington asks if Brian ran off. Morgan goes berserk and smashes all the containers of the fluid. As the rats approach, everyone runs into the house except for Bensington, who tries to salvage some of the fluid. The rats tear him apart. After a prolonged attack, the rats pull back, just out of shotgun range. Thomas believes a white rat is the leader. During the lull in the siege, Lorna helps Morgan make bombs from black powder and gasoline. They kiss, and although she wants to make love, Morgan insists they wait until they get back to the mainland. The rats renew the attack. Throwing a bomb, Morgan clears a path to the jeep. As he and Thomas jump in and speed away, the rats swarm the house, chewing through the wood. Mrs. Skinner kills a rat with a meat cleaver, but not before it tears her throat out. Lorena and Rita barricade themselves in the bedroom. Rita goes into labor and Lorna delivers the baby. Meanwhile, Morgan and Thomas blow up a dam. Outracing the floodwaters, they rush to the house, fight their way back in and lead everyone upstairs to a small balcony. The flood hits and drowns all the rats except the white one. Out of ammunition, Morgan clubs the white rat to death with his rifle. When the waters recede, Thomas and Morgan pile the rats up and burn them. A few open jars of the fluid float downstream and go into a pond where cows are drinking. The cows are then milked and the milk is brought to a grade school where children drink it.
tt0100680
Drama,Romance
Iris King (Jane Fonda), still grieving eight months after the death of her husband, works at a commercial bakery in Connecticut and lives in a high-crime area. She lives from paycheck from paycheck as she raises her two children, Kelly (Martha Plimpton) and Richard (Harley Cross). To make ends meet, she rents out space to her sister Sharon (Swoosie Kurtz) and brother-in-law Joe (Jamey Sheridan) who have financial and marital problems as well. With money already tight in the family, Kelly seeks escape through the company of boys resulting in an out of wedlock pregnancy, which makes matters worse. Iris makes the acquaintance in Stanley Cox (Robert De Niro), a cook in the bakery's lunchroom cafeteria, when he comes to her help after she has her purse stolen on the bus and gives chase to the thief who eventually gets away. But as their friendship develops, she begins noticing peculiarities about Stanley - he doesn't own a car (he instead bicycles wherever he needs to go), he lives with and supports his elderly father (Feodor Chaliapin), becomes frustrated when asked to sign his name, doesn't believe in opening Chinese fortune cookies, and cannot pick out a specific item from a shelf. Iris soon realizes that Stanley can neither read or write, and when she innocently mentions this to the bakery owner, Stanley is fired the next day over food safety and legal concerns, despite being a good cook and model employee. Afterwards, Stanley is unable to obtain any steady work forcing him to move in a garage and put his father in a shabby retirement home. His father dies in the home several weeks after admission, upsetting Stanley over the fact that his illiteracy preventing him from caring his father properly. Stanley seeks out Iris and asks her to teach him to read, explaining that his traveling-salesman father moved him all over the country when Stanley was a child, bouncing him to nearly 50 different schools in total, resulting in Stanley developing no reading or writing skills from this lack of educational stability. Iris begins giving Stanley basic reading lessons and he gradually grows close to her and her family. It is during one of these reading exercises that he tells her that he has wanted to be intimate with her since they first met, but Iris is hesitant. Iris tests Stanley's developing reading skills by making him a map and having her meet at a certain street corner in 15 minutes, but Stanley gets hopelessly lost. Hours later, he reaches the corner where Iris is frantic and still waiting. Frustrated, Stanley marches off without saying a word, his interest in learning to read gone. Iris visits him at his garage home and attempts to persuade him to continue learning to read. Looking around, she sees a large mechanical project that Stanley is working on, as he invent things as a hobby. He has a designed a cake-cooling machine that can outperform anything in the commercial marketplace. Iris is immensely impressed and Stanley reveals that a local company has shown interest in his invention and even offered him a job. Stanley agrees to begin reading again with Iris, and eventually learns to write short sentences. Stanley surprises Iris by cooking a massive dinner for her and her family, and the two of them begin to grow close again. After Kelly has her baby, Iris is displeased when she drops out of school to work at the bakery, as she doesn't want her daughter wasting her life in the kind of dead-end job she herself is in. Stanley and Iris decided to make love, but Iris is still clinging to her late husband's memory. This threatens their budding relationship further and they don't see each other for some time. Not prepared to give up on Iris the way she didn't give up on him, Stanley finally goes to see her. Iris hands him an unmailed letter she wrote to him, and Stanley surprises her by reading this aloud nearly perfect. Now ready to begin letting go of the past, Iris accompanies Stanley to a fancy hotel where they order room service and spend the night together. Stanley soon moves to Detroit for a new, well-paying job he has been offered, his inventing ability finally having paid off. Several months later, back in Connecticut, Iris is walking home carrying groceries when an expensive car pulls up next to her and she is surprised to see Stanley behind the wheel. Stanley tells her that he has been given a raise and is looking to buy a large six-bedroom house in Detroit - and that he wants her to move there with him as his wife. Iris accepts. As they walk into her house, Iris asks if they could remove a wall for another bathroom, Stanley replies "Anything is possible".
tt0076686
Drama,Mystery,Thriller
Ingmar Bergman's 'The Serpent's Egg' takes place in Berlin in November of 1923, when economic depression, unemployment and hyper-inflation have created a new kind of mass poverty in Germany and the seeds for the slow decay of the Weimar democracy. Abel Rosenberg (David Carradine), an American-born Jew, is an unemployed alcoholic and former trapeze artist who uses alcohol to help him deal with the horrific uncertainties of life in post-war Germany. He returns home one night to discover that his brother Max has committed suicide. Abel meets up with his old boss who gives him some money in an attempt to persuade him back to his now successful circus. Abel realizes he will not be as good as he was with his brother and so declines but his boss allows him to keep the money anyway. The Jewish community is being portrayed in the media as a drain on society. He goes to see his brother's wife Manuela (Liv Ullmann) to break the news of Max's death to her. She asks what triggered Max's suicide, but Abel is unable to provide a solid answer. The only sentence in Max's suicide note Abel can make out reads: "There is a poisoning going on". Manuela confesses to Abel that she actually works as a prostitute and merely made up her office job out of shame. November arrives and Germany has become ever more fearful that a bloody confrontation between extremist parties could soon plummet the country into another war. One night while Abel and Manuela are enjoying a drink in the brothel and enjoying the cabaret, the brothel is over-run by soldiers who beat the owner to death before burning the building to the ground. Abel manages to secure himself a new job working as a clerk in a hospital, assisting with the archiving of patient cards while Manuela gains employment at the hospital clinic. They are also given an apartment surrounded by many derelict or empty buildings. One night Abel is alerted to files containing detailed reports of graphic and inhumane experiments conducted on patients at the hospital throughout the years.
tt0084899
Drama,Horror
While driving at night, aspiring actress Julie Sawyer (Kristy McNichol) accidentally runs over a white German shepherd. She takes the dog to a veterinarian and pays for its medical treatment, but is informed that the dog is unfit for adoption and will likely be put to sleep if handed over to the pound. Julie decides to keep the dog at her house until contacted by its owner. Concerned that Julie lives alone, her boyfriend, Roland Gray, encourages her to keep the animal as a guard dog. One night, a would-be rapist assaults Julie in her home. Jolted awake by the sounds of their struggle, the dog attacks the intruder, allowing Julie time to call the police. Several days later, the dog runs away, and Julie searches for it in vain, even checking the pound to see if the dog has been picked up or turned in. The following night the dog attacks and kills the driver of a street sweeper. The dog returns to Julie's house, blood streaked across its face. Julie cleans up the animal and fails to tell Roland about the state in which she found it. The following day Julie takes the dog with her to a studio lot where she is acting in a film. In the middle of a take, the dog attacks Molly, an actress playing a scene with Julie, severely harming her. Roland, now aware of the dog's violent behavior, tells Julie that this is an attack dog and orders her to have it put down before it claims another victim. Julie refuses and takes the dog to Noah's Ark, an animal training facility, where she seeks someone who can re-train the animal not to attack people. Mr. Carruthers (Burl Ives), one of the owners of the facility, informs her that there is nothing he can do. As Julie leaves the office, the dog breaks free of her grip and jumps a black handyman, but the animal is restrained before it can inflict serious injury. Carruthers heatedly tells Julie that her pet is a 'white dog,' trained by racists to assault black people. This explains the attacks on the sweeper driver and the actress, Molly, both of whom are black. Witnessing the dog's latest assault, the co-owner of Noah's Ark, a black animal trainer named Keys (Paul Winfield), takes it upon himself to recondition the German shepherd so that it no longer attacks black people. He also makes clear that the dog's condition is to be kept a secret. As he attempts to retrain the dog through a series of confrontations in a caged arena, Keys gradually reveals his history with white dogs and explains to Julie how they are created: white racists manipulate desperate black junkies into beating puppies until they learn to hate and attack black skin. Many animal trainers, Keys included, have tried to cure white dogs, but each time the dogs have proven unable to take the last step without snapping altogether and turning into indiscriminate attack dogs. One night, the dog breaks loose of its cage and escapes from the facility. The following day, while Keys searches around town, the dog chases a black pedestrian into an empty church and kills him. Keys subdues the dog after the attack, enters the church, and, with tears in his eyes, finds the man's corpse among the pews. When Keys returns to Noah's Ark and explains what happened, Julie immediately pleads for the dog to be killed before it takes the life of yet another innocent black person. Keys angrily retorts that as much as he'd like to shoot it, killing the dog would be nothing more than a short-term solution. Reconditioning is the only procedure that can prevent the creation of more white dogs in the future. After further training, the dog shows its first sign of improvement by willingly eating out of Keys' hand, an action that it initially refused to do. That night, as Keys, Julie and Carruthers hold a celebratory dinner to mark their first victory, they acknowledge that by keeping the nature of the dog hidden from the authorities, they are essentially accessories to murder. During their conversation, a police officer enters. Though they are worried that he may have found out about the dog, it turns out that he has only come to ask for directions. After he leaves, they conclude that in spite of what the authorities decree, what they are doing is right and humane. In the following weeks, the dog continues to make slight improvements until it is finally content around black people without turning to violence. Although Carruthers is confident that they are on the verge of victory, Keys reminds him that the dog is on the edge of a mental breakdown. Keys reluctantly calls Julie, telling her they can begin the "final test". On the way out of her house, Julie comes face-to-face with the dog's previous owner, an old man accompanied by his two granddaughters. After questioning the man and finding that he was responsible for creating the white dog, Julie refuses to return the animal and warns his granddaughters not to let him corrupt them as well. At Noah's Ark, Keys, Julie, and Carruthers stand in triangular formation in the caged arena. Keys beckons the dog in from outside, and it runs to Keys without attacking. Hearing Julie's voice, it runs to her as well, again showing no sign of violent behavior. However, upon seeing Carruthers, the dog springs and pins him to the ground. Here, Keys finally accepts that the animal's hatred cannot be defeated, only redirected to a new target, and puts the dog down with a bullet to the head. The dog breathes its last as Keys and Julie rush Carruthers away for medical help, leaving the white dog's dead body resting in the sand.
tt0075214
Action,Adventure,Comedy
"Colonel" Flynn O'Flynn (Lee Marvin), an American adventurer living in Portuguese African territory, manages to dupe naive Englishman Sebastian Oldsmith (Roger Moore) into a series of illicit raids into German East African territory just prior to the First World War. On the first raid, an ivory hunting expedition, they are chased by local German Commissioner, Herman Fleischer (Reinhard Kolldehoff) into the arms of German battleship "The Blcher" which rams and sinks their Dhow. Their second raid manages to steal the German tax revenue from Fleischer - upon which Oldsmith marries O'Flynn's daughter, Rosa (Barbara Perkins), over O'Flynn's objections. At the outbreak of World War I, Commissioner Fleisher is appointed "Military Commander of the Southern Province", and uses that authority to mount a raid into Portuguese territory aginst O'Flynn's home, which he burns. In the same raid he also kills Rosa and Sebastion's daughter in front of Rosa. O'Flynn, Rosa and Sebastion begin a personal war against the Germans, and are eventually recruited by the British to find the Blcher as it lies laid up in a river for repairs. Flinding the ship O'Flynn and Oldsmith pose as native labourers to place an explosive on board. Unbeknownst to them Rosa is captured and taken aboard the ship. A second raid to rescue her results in O'Flynn's death as Rosa, Sebastion and Fleisher escape the explosion. In a final showdown Sebastion shoots Fleisher on the river bank in front of Rosa, avenging their daughter's death.
tt0115836
Comedy
A nice but goofey man takes a busy distant father and his two children plus the three they carpool hostage.
tt0091579
Comedy
Casey Meadows (Deborah Forman) is a free-spirited young woman working as a dishwasher in an upscale restaurant in downtown Los Angeles. One day she receives a hand-delivered job offer as a driver for Brentwood Limousine Service. The company manager, Charles McBride (Howard Hesserman), is appalled at Casey's young, brash presence... and the fact that she's a woman in an all-male establishment. McBride soon learns that Mr. Witherspoon (E.G. Marshall), the company owner, personally handpicked her and offered the letter of employment. McBride reluctantly agrees to hire her, but warns her that she will be fired if she steps out of line. Casey experiences sexism and chauvinism from her fellow, (mostly older) limo drivers. While frustrated at her lack of acceptance and tolerance amongst her new co-workers, she does manage to find some kindness and support in Jeremy O'Brien (Sean McClory), an older Irish driver. Jeremy convinces her to tough it out and give the change-hating men time to adjust to her presence. She agrees to stay. Casey is routinely given bad assignments that are engineered to get her fired. Her first job is driving a high, oversexed and hung-over British punk rock singer named "Cat Fight" (Leland Crooke) to his concert. Casey finds Cat Fight in a motel bed with his three women backup dancers in a drug-induced stupor. Realizing she'll be fired if she doesn't deliver him to the concert, she takes a cooler full of ice water and dumps it on Cat Fight's bed and manages to get Cat Fight and the three women into the car. During the drive to the concert, Cat Fight flees from the limousine to a local park where he tries to steal the panties off an overweight woman wearing a blue dress which as part of his "game" is worth 20,000 points. Despite the distraction, Casey manages to bring him into the arena just in time for the concert. Casey is then assigned to transport Battle Witherspoon (Sam J. Jones), an arrogant, heartless, workaholic executive who is stalking his ex-girlfriend. The angry ex tells him she can no longer stand to be with him and says she is pregnant with another man's child. Casey, sympathetic, offers visibily devastated Battle some liquor from the onboard bar. After consuming an excessive amount, Battle runs out of the car and strips his clothes off, running through a park stark naked, making a huge nuisance of himself. He finally returns to the limo and passes out. Not knowing where Battle's residence is, Casey takes him to her apartment so he can recover from the day's events. The following morning, he awakens and reverts back to his old hateful self, hurtfully insulting Casey before leaving. Unbeknownst to Casey, Battle Witherspoon is actually the son of the Mr. Witherspoon, the owner of the limo company. Mr. Witherspoon orders Battle to check out another of his companies upstate in Sonoma. Casey is assigned to drive Battle up north, much to their mutual displeasure. Halfway through the trip, the car overheats and breaks down in a remote location on the highway. Battle and Casey walk off in search of a phone. After walking and bickering for several hours, night falls and they get caught in a rainstorm. Casey sprains her ankle and is unable to walk. Battle continues his walk while carrying Casey in his arms. They finally find a rustic cabin occupied by a hillbilly couple, who invite them to spend the night. Both are put in a bedroom with a single bed and after another one of their arguments, Battle kisses her. They both have sex. The following morning, Battle proposes marriage but Casey refuses, fearing he will return to his emotionally-distant ways. Casey is next assigned to transport a Middle Eastern sheik from his hotel to a meeting. The sheik Abdul (Teller) is approached by a local pimp and con artist named Bone (Penn Jillette) out for a wild night on the town. The rambling Bone then forces Casey to drive them to a local nightclub while swindling the mute Abdul out of all his cash and valiables with magic tricks and card tricks. Bone and Abdul pick up a number of loose women and transport them around in the limo for some more drinking and stripping before Casey manages to drop Abdul back at the hotel. After Casey returns the next morning, she is fired by McBride after learning that police and government agents have been searching for the missing sheik. Realizing that he's fallen for Casey, Battle starts making some positive changes in his life and continues his efforts to court Casey. He slowly wins Casey over and takes her home to meet his father. When she arrives at the estate, she experiences Deja Vu, recalling the times she played in the Witherspoon mansion as a child. It turns out that Casey's mother was formerly employed by Witherspoon. But shockingly, Witherspoon reveals that he is Casey's biological father, making Battle and Casey siblings. Jeremy then comes into the room with Giles, another limo driver, ordering Giles to confess what he knows about Casey's paternity. He reveals Witherspoon is not Casey's biological father, Giles is. Giles was in a relationship with Casey's mother before she and Witherspoon spent their "little weekend together". Giles (who was especially hostile to Casey) reveals that he denied paternity in order that Casey would receive stable financial support as an heiress to the Witherspoon fortune. The movie ends with Battle and Casey's wedding. As they climb into the back of a Brentwood Limousine. The driver is McBride, who has finally received his comeuppance for his mysogynic treatment of Casey.
tt0086192
Action,Crime,Drama
Tokyo, Japan: A family gathers at a peaceful temple amidst a quiet pond. One of them is a young woman carrying her newborn baby boy. Evil ninjas come along and waste them all. The young mother is able to hide her baby among some brush before the ninjas riddle her body with arrows. Cho arrives with his American friend Braden. Braden is trying to persuade Cho to come to America with him where Braden will front the capital for Cho to open a pottery gallery. Cho doesn't want to leave because his whole family is here, and his father and grandfather died on this land. They become alerted to the ninjas and waste them all. Braden takes out a few with gunshots and then proves skilled in martial arts as well. Cho mourns his slain young wife, Yoshi, but finds his youngest son, Kane, still alive among the brush where Yoshi placed him. Braden repeats his desire to bring Cho to America. If not for himself, then for his baby son. Cho's mother doesn't trust Braden and warns Cho that his karma will follow him all across the world, even to America. The scene fades to the American flag flying just above the state flag of California. It is six years later. Kane is now an elementary school student; he leaves school and is being walked home by his grandmother. Five bullies start to pick on him and he punches their faces in until Cho stops him, angry at Kane for fighting 'common street brawls.' Cho's mother reminds her son that fighting will follow them all no matter where on Earth they are. She implores Cho that he must teach Kane the ways of the Ninja. Cho begins teaching Kane, but reminds him that they are now vendors of traditional Japanese pottery and ceramic dolls, and although they keep the tradition of their knowledge of fighting arts alive, Cho's sword is sealed forever, and he and Kane are not samurai or ninja, in honor of Yoshi, who died because of 'the way.' As Kane demonstrates his prowess, a blonde woman, Cathy, enters the dojo and watches. She assists Cho in preparing the gallery for opening in return for martial arts lessons. Cathy is romantically interested in Cho as well, though he does not return her affections. Cathy spars with Cho and holds her own. Braden brings an investor to the gallery where Cho shows her the collection of ceramic dolls. The investor is fascinated by a doll of a ninja. Cho tells the investor some of the background of Japanese ninja. As Cho turns to talk with Braden about the gallery opening, the investor runs her finger along the miniature ninja sword in the doll's hands and is shocked as it cuts her finger; the miniature sword is truly sharp. Kane enters the gallery and tries to move a doll for a closer look. The doll falls from the pedestal and breaks on the ground, and a white powder spills out. Cathy scolds Kane, saying Cho will be very angry for breaking an expensive ceramic doll. Finally she gently tells him that she won't tell Cho that Kane broke it, but Kane has to promise her that he'll never touch the dolls again. She sends Kane off and carefully cleans up the mess. Braden's true colors are quickly revealed as Cathy (who is secretly Braden's lover) tells him about the broken doll; Braden is using them to smuggle and distribute heroin. This is the true reason why Cathy works for Cho without pay; she's watching the dolls for Braden. Braden is meeting with a contact named Caifano later that day and hopes to unload as much of the drugs as possible. Braden goes to see Caifano, who is a mob boss, to tell him that the dolls have arrived and are ready for delivery. Braden wants to unload the 'hot cargo' immediately, as his Japanese contacts want the money for the heroin immediately on delivery. But Caifano tells Braden that he needs to sit on it for a few more days. A heated dispute quickly follows with both Braden and Caifano warning each other not to cross them. Braden tells Caifano that he doesn't know Braden yet, and in the next scene it's quickly shown what Braden meant-- he is part of the evil ninja clan; a fully trained ninja. Braden is seen quietly rubbing out one of Caifano's men who pointed a gun at Braden during the confrontation with Caifano. Caifano and his men have a covert meeting with a vagrant contact who tells him that he probably won't be able to get his money today because of rumors of a large shipment of "H" (heroin) from Japan that's hitting the streets. The scene cuts to Braden's hand reaching into his suitcase. Just as caifano and his men are getting back into their car, the vagrant contact is assassinated by a ninja throwing star hurled right into his eye, right out in the open street while dozens of pedestrians walk right by, completely oblivious until the vagrant slides into a street-corner fountain, blood flowing into the water. The camera pans along the inside of a house; a man and woman are heard moaning as they make out in a hot tub. Braden's hand reaches into his suitcase (we know it's his because of what's inside). He takes out the man with a blown poisoned needle and then uses the blow gun to force the woman's head under the water of the hot tub until she drowns. Police and paramedics are on the scene. Two cops talk as Caifano arrives. The three men killed were Caifano's brother, one of his 'stoolies,' and now his nephew. Caifano argues with the lieutenant, who wants to know who is muscling in on Caifano's operations. The lieutenant goes to consult Dave Hatcher, a karate instructor for the police, and shows him X-rays of Caifano's brother, showing the extensive injuries and numerous broken bones that were precisely delivered at 90-degree angles like a machine, with no weapons. Hatcher says that the only men he's heard of who could inflict such trauma on the human body with no weapons of any kind lived in Japan 400 years ago. Hatcher does have a friend who he says is an expert on these clans. This friend of course, is Cho, Hatcher and Cho spar in Cho's dojo and Hatcher convinces him to speak to the lieutenant. Cho tells the lieutenant some of what he knows but is unwilling to help past a certain point, particularly since his gallery opens tomorrow. The lieutenant accidentally knocks over his coffee cup and CHo catches it before it hits the floor; without a drop of the coffee spilling out. Caifano calls Braden to give in. He'll meet Braden at the gallery in three hours with the money he promised Braden for delivery of the heroin. Cathy quietly picks up an extension phone from another room and eavesdrops on the conversation. But after Caifano hangs up, he tells two senior enforcers to go to the gallery and clean it out, bringing all the dolls to him, and to kill anyone who gets in the way. Braden goes to his chief enforcer, a huge burly Japanese man, and tells him not to let Cathy leave the house. He has Braden's permission to rough her up if she gives the enforcer trouble. Cho interrupts the robbery and attacks the men, punching their noses and kicking their nuts until they run to the van and try to drive off. Leaping tall fences at a single bound, Cho catches the van and does an acrobatic maneuver to smash through the windshield with barely a few cuts. He picks up the fight and kills all but one thug who fires at him with a revolver. Cho dodges the bullets as only a ninja with twice the speed of Batman can, and grabs onto the van as the thug drives away. Cho is dragged along the street, fighting to climb back into the van until the rear door breaks off and the last thug gets away with all the goods. The gallery phone rings. Cathy is trying to call, but the burly enforcer makes her hang up. Braden arrives at the gallery in full ninja regalia. Cho's mother hears him from the upstairs apartment. Braden sees all the dolls are missing and that Caifano has double-crossed him. He tries to quietly sneak back out when Cho's mother attacks him. They square off and she tries to throw a knife at him, but he catches it and throws it back, wounding her. She blows several darts to take him off balance and then vanishes with the aid of a smoke bomb. But Braden knows which wall she's disappeared behind and stabs through it with his ninja sword, killing her. He unmasks just in time for Kane, arriving home, to see him. Braden spots Kane but doesn't catch him. Cho arrives back home and finds his mother slain by a ninja sword. He grieves as he takes her medallion, the most precious heirloom of the family. Later, the police arrive and the lieutenant says he's put a missing child bulletin out on Kane, but Cho says that Kane is smart enough to hide and not return home until he must. Cho still declines to help the lieutenant with the police investigation. The burly enforcer tries to rape Cathy but is garotted to death by Braden. Knowing the connection between Cathy and Kane, Braden hypnotizes her and commands her to bring to Kane to him when she sees him. Hatcher goes to Cho with information on some ex-cons who might have information on the stolen dolls. The ex-cons laugh mockingly until Hatcher and Cho bust their heads, landing a gazillion bone-shattering punches to the points of their noses and nuts in the space of a single micro-milli-nano-second until the ex-cons squeal like little school girls. Kane finally comes home to find Cathy working out and practicing at the family dojo. Kane instantly senses something wrong with Cathy. She tries to grab him but he beats her up, holding her at spearpoint. But Kane doesn't want to kill Cathy and starts to walk away, giving Cathy the opportunity to scoop Kane up over her shoulder like a sack of potatoes and carry him off. Back at Braden's, Cathy has recovered her senses and is again protective of Kane, but Braden smacks her upside her head and tells one of his goons to 'get rid' of Kane. He calls Caifano and tells him that he's coming for him. Caifano gathers his entire entourage of underlings and enforcers who are all armed with military-grade weapons. Thinking Braden has gone, Cathy calls Cho, who has just arrived back at the gallery with Hatcher. Cathy rats Braden out to Cho, telling him that Braden used the gallery as a front for heroin smuggling, and that Braden is a ninja who hypnotized her into bringing Kane to him. Braden catches Cathy in the act and grabs her. Hatcher offers to help Cho and bring in the police, but Cho declines. After all, a single ninja is a gazillion times more invincible than all the cosmic forces of the entire universe and can utterly ZOMGBBQROFLSTOMPLOLOLOLN00BLETPWN a gazillion massive intergalactic combat starships single handedly just by farting on them, and can only be killed by another ninja in a knife fight (or, depending on who you ask, sometimes a drunken pirate with gold teeth and a cutlass). Braden has Cathy tied up inside the hot tub to be slowly scalded to death by hot water, while Kane is to be slow-roasted medium rare in a sauna. Cho opens up a secret wall in his dojo that even a zillion James Bonds and Sherlock Holmeses could never find in the whole span of time, and eyes all his most sacred ninja equipment, including his sealed sword. Donning his clothes, he prays and meditates, and breaks the sealing cord. Braden uses a metal collapsible bow to fire a special arrow right through solid concrete that lets him make a zip-line to get into Caifano's building. Alerted to a Caifano enforcer about to spot him picking a lot, he drops an assortment of caltrops (jacks with razor edges and points) and then some small metal marbles to make the enforcer trip and fall right on the point of his nose, where the caltrops slice his eyeballs and face into many many disgusting gobbets of finely cuisinarted flesh and gore. Cho arrives at Caifano's building, and the two ninjas, despite having different targets, proceed to assault Caifano's forces and use simple knives and ninja stars to cuisinart-slice all of their feeble flesh and bone into more disgusting gobbets of ooze and gore. Cho attaches metal claws to the palms of his hands that rip little holes in the solid concrete of the building's outer wall and climbs it without any of hundreds of random passers-by thinking Spider-Man is in town. Hatcher walks brazenly up to four enforcers still outside the building's front door and despite their army-scale automatic weapons, he punches their noses and kicks their nuts until flocks of tweety-birds fly in circles all around their heads. Cathy is still being slowly boiled alive and the hot tub has filled almost to the point of drowning her. Kane finally uses the sauna's red-hot coals to burn away the ropes around his hands without the slightest injury to them, and beats the enforcer up Bruce-Lee style with nunchakus. Cathy calls the police lieutenant. Instead of killing Caifano, Braden simply throws a knife through his gun-hand. Braden finds Hatcher, and even the police officer's awesome martial arts skills are useless against a ninja. Cho sees Braden kill Hatcher. The two ninjas lock eyes briefly before Braden stalks off. The two ninjas meet and enter a rooftop badminton court for their awesome ninja-duel showdown. The ninja vs. ninja battle rages across the court and then across the whole rooftop of Caifano's building, warping and mangling the very fabric of the space time continuum beyond all logic and reason, until Cho slices Braden's ninja mask in half, which destroys Braden in a galaxy-bending discharge of Cosmic Ninja Energy (tm). Kane finds his way to Cho and hugs him as Cathy looks on and smiles.
tt0091647
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
French anthropologist Jean Charles Pommier dies in an emergency room after being terrorized by something. However, Dr. Eileen Flax, who tried to save him, suddenly receives his memories by psychic means, and relieves his last few days in a long flashback. It turns out that Pommier had just recently moved to L.A. with his wife Niki after years of researching African and Inuit nomadic groups, their way of life and their myths. Pommier soon notices a group of street punks and metalheads who apparently live in a black van and frequently hang around his house, especially at night, because a brutal murder of a family had been committed there recently, and this seems to attract them. Pommier becomes fascinated by this group due to their resemblance to a nomadic tribe, and starts following them as well as investigating the murder. It quickly becomes clear that these are no ordinary urban nomads and Pommier soon becomes afraid both for his and his wife's lives, but also their souls. However, Pommier decides that he's in too deep and continues his investigation despite a friendly warning from the ghost of a nun he mistakes for a hallucination. Eventually, Pommier realizes, although too late, that the punks are actually evil spirits and demonic tricksters from ancient Inuit legends that still exist in modern day societies disguised as roaming humans that no one pays attention to. They are attracted by death and violence because they feed on human fear but also human souls. Unfortunately, once the punks realize he knows their secret, they will try to kill him, take his soul and make him one of them. Pommier tries to find a way out of this horrific situation, but to no avail. In desperation, he even confronts one of the punks on top of a skyscraper and during their brawl throws him from it. However, the punk simply taunts him and disappears. In the end, the punks succeed in killing him but not before he's able to transfer his knowledge to Dr. Flax with implied request that she helps his wife escape from the demonic punks. Flax contacts his grieving wife who at first doesn't believe her, but when the punks surround her house, break in, trash the place and corner the two women in the attic while taunting them, Niki realizes in terror it's all true and she and Flax make a run for their lives after the punks eventually retreat for some reason. However, a masked motorcycle rider in black begins trailing their escape vehicle, which terrifies distraught Niki even further, but Flax insists that they drive as fast as they can and do not look back, no matter what. As soon as they make it across the California state limit, the masked biker, who's apparently magically bound by the state's boundary and, unlike the women, can not cross it, stops. The rider lifts his goggles and, as they look back, the two women realize in shock and horror that it's Pommier, now seemingly just another of the demonic spirits that pursue them. However, it seems like he still possesses some knowledge of his former identity, as he emotionlessly but curiously and possibly even melancholically watches as the two women drive away. He then coldly turns his bike around and drives off, presumingly back to L.A. to join the demonic pack of urban nomads he himself now belongs to, possibly forever.
tt1303803
Musical
If you like High School Musical, chances are you'll love Standing Ovation! NBC News If you're a Wannabe, then you're Gonnabe! That's kids speak for one of life's major lessons-don't let anything stand in the way of your dreams. The colorful declaration also lays the foundation for one of this years most refreshing and inspirational movie musicals, Standing Ovation. Long after the last note has sounded, Standing Ovation still resonates with its energetic and passion-filled personification of the American Dream. You're never too young, or too old, to fulfill your dreams and claim your own standing ovation.
tt0080881
Comedy
During the opening credits, the voice of deejay Surf Sam (Dave Sebastian Williams) of radio station KBLA announces that Halloween night 1965 is hours away, and that Tubby's Drive-In, the Hollywood Knights' hangout, is closing for good that evening. An egg hits the name of director Floyd Mutrux. The leader of the Knights, Newbomb Turk (Robert Wuhl), pulls a dead body prank on an elderly woman with one of his friends hiding under the tonneau cover of the 1965 El Camino he borrowed from his older brother. Sally (Fran Drescher) and her friends are tanning (some topless) by the pool, and Newbomb catches some instant photos with his camera before they discover him and drive him off. Officer Bimbeaux (Gailard Sartain) and Officer Clark (Sandy Helberg) meet with the police chief. He warns the officers not to aggravate the situation about the drive-in on its last evening of business. He then notices that the Knights have tagged the side of the patrol car with spray paint. The Beverly Hills Residents Association meets at the home of Jacqueline Friedman (Leigh French). Bimbeaux and Clark stand by in the kitchen, arguing loudly about popular music. The doorbell brings Jacqueline and her secret lover Nevans (Richard Schaal) onto the porch where a flaming bag of dog poop awaits them, and the Knights moon them from their car as they speed off. At nightfall, three of the Knights: Wheatly (Randy Gornel), Shorty (Glenn Withrow) and Simpson (P.R. Paul) meet Newbomb at the drive-in and ask whether it is a good idea to borrow the El Camino. Simpson promises he will bring his custom rail job car later. In the patrol car, Clark asks Bimbeaux if he would look good in a mustache, and sings about Lawrence of Arabia. Bimbeaux argues the movie soundtrack has no lyrics. The Knights drive to Watts with their four club pledges, order them to strip naked and retrieve the four tires in the trunk. For initiation, they must request a song from the KBLA deejay and return to Tubby's Drive-In by 2:00 AM in the morning. Surf Sam turns over the broadcast to Doctor J (Humble Harvey Miller). Back in Hollywood, the Knights hide in a tree to wait for Sally and the girls to arrive at their secret spot to change into other, more sexy clothes for the pep rally. As they remove their bras, Newbomb loses his balance and gives them away; the girls flee as the cops arrive. Bimbeaux reads off the Knights. At Smitty's auto shop located right next door to Tubby's Drive-In, Duke (Tony Danza) and Suzie (Michelle Pfeiffer) discuss her upcoming screen test and her job as a carhop. She needs a flexible schedule to pursue her acting career. Duke complains that men making wisecracks about her disturb him, and she argues that she is the one who must tolerate it. Meanwhile, the Iron Box Twins, Brenda and Shirley Weintraub (Joyce Heiser, Roberta Wallach), arrive at the drive-in for burgers, and when the song "Volare" plays on the radio the girls pull off to avoid Newbomb, who tends to do a farting version of the song. Jimmy Shine (Gary Graham) discusses his deployment to Vietnam with Duke and Smitty (James Jeter), their mentor. Moosie (Moosie Drier), a youngster with a penchant for skateboards, arrives. The officers yell at him for carrying cigarettes, but he then hops a ride with some of the girls in their convertible. Sally cruises off with a college-aged man to Newbomb's disappointment While driving down a road in Hollywood, Newbomb shows the girls the pictures he took of them at the pool. He parks the El Camino by a fire hydrant outside the high school to go to the pep rally and ignores warnings from his friends. At the rally, Jacqueline brings her husband Jack (Garry Goodrow) onstage with local weatherman Thorny Thornwell (Will Thornbury). The band enters the gym, and a banner is unfurled which reads, "Beat the Panthers," with graffiti ("shit out of the") added in the middle, tagged by the Knights. Elsewhere, Dudley Laywicker (Stuart Pankin) and his mother (Mina Kolb) head to the rally for Dudley to receive his honor student check for $500 to cover his first year of college tuition. He is wearing his band uniform and balks when his mother suggests stopping at a restaurant because he says the staff teases him when he arrives in uniform. She ignores him. Jacqueline is making out in a car with Nevans when Dudley arrives and asks for her opinion of which magic trick he should use for the evening's talent contest. Nevans hides on the floor of the back seat, but Dudley spots Nevans' trousers. As Jacqueline tries to make an excuse, Dudley accidentally hits the car horn, which jams on. Jacqueline shoos him away. Newbomb and the Knights startle Dudley into a pseudo asthmatic fit. Dudley begs for his puffer inhaler, asking them not to hurt him as he might be a bleeder. Newbomb borrows parts of his uniform. Back at the rally, one of the Beverly Hills cheerleaders innocently forgets her underpants and flashes the crowd during a cheer. The officers spot the El Camino at the fire hydrant and call to have it impounded. Some of the Knights in hiding egg the cops and sing the Lawrence of Arabia tune Clark had sung earlier. Jack Friedman announces that Dudley is coming onstage for his scholarship check, but Newbomb takes the stage in Dudley's uniform and launches into his farting rendition of "Volare," escaping by outrunning security. The other Knights tell Newbomb that Bimbeaux towed the El Camino. They speed out, leaving Dudley to retrieve his discarded clothes. The officers mistakenly think Dudley is the perpetrator until the faculty and school photographer arrive and straighten everything out. Meanwhile, two of the pledges in Watts are hiding in the bushes outside a couple's home (and realize they are making love) while the other two borrow makeshift outfits from sheets on the clothesline. The corner of a pillowcase stands up on one pledge's head, and the husband spots it and grabs his shotgun, thinking he sees the KKK. The boys flee, finally arriving across from the record store but unable to figure out how to get to the deejay. Newbomb returns in his own car, labeled as a pie wagon. He hides under it when his brother (Demetre Phillips) arrives looking for the El Camino and tells the Knights if anything happens to the car, he will strangle Newbomb. The others cover for Newbomb and he fakes indifference when the coast is clear. In the women's restroom, the Iron Box Twins discuss a rumor about the Friedmans' daughter until they find that Newbomb has hidden in a stall and tape-recorded them. Surfer dude Tarzan (Gary Prendergast) arrives with his hot girlfriends Jane (Carol Ann Williams) and Cheetah (Debra Feuer). Newbomb drives them around the neighborhood in their custom Woody, tries to score a feel and gets a milkshake dumped on him. Simpson and Wheatly race another souped-up car, and when they lose, they discuss whether the Knights will stay together once some of the members go to Vietnam or college. Wheatly says Simpson can cruise with him and the Knights will not ever break up. A catering van pulls up at the high school dance, and the Knights convince them to hand over the punch they are delivering. Newbomb tells the caterers to detour the van through the hibiscus gardens because the area will soon become the Newbomb Turk Memorial Library. The Knights, in a tribute to Tubby's, spike the punch by urinating in it. Moosie warns people going into the dance but, when Bimbeaux and Clark catch him with a cigarette, he tells them to enjoy the punch. At the punchbowl, Jacqueline and Nevans discuss the strange beverage and summon the officers. Bimbeaux tries the punch and asks for seconds. The caterers, anxious to be finished for the night, decide to drive through the bushes as Newbomb said, and the underbrush wrecks the delivery van. The faculty members and Jacqueline are furious that the Knights are involved again. Jane and Cheetah join in another plot and flash Dudley so they can borrow his clothes again; Dudley asks Newbomb to be careful with the rented magician's cape when he goes to the talent contest. Beside the stage, Shorty switches out the PA system and replays the recording of the bathroom conversation by the Iron Box Twins for the audience, to the embarrassment of the twins and Jack, who is the emcee. Simpson assures Dudley that he will be back shortly in his rail job and to stay put while he is missing his clothes (and with them, his glasses and puffer). Jack Friedman announces the next talent contestant, Mr. Sasha Dabinski, the One-Armed Violinist. Dabinski is actually Wheatly, with Newbomb accompanying him at the piano; hiding one arm inside the waistband of the pants, Wheatly holds the violin with his chin, rasps a solo with his free hand, then grabs the bow at his crotch. Jacqueline and Nevans leave the usual confines of his car to make out on a trampoline, only to meet up with Dudley, who is stumbling around in the dark without his glasses. Sally brushes off her college boyfriend in favor of Newbomb, and they head to the pie wagon. As they get ready to make love, Newbomb is unable to hold out long enough. She whines at him for being immature, but he is relieved. At Smitty's they reveal a special custom car to Jimmy Shine as a going away present. Their guest, custom car man Tony Nancy, and the men show Jimmy a tape deck inside playing the Mamas and the Papas as Jimmy thinks about his deployment the next day. The time is 1:00 AM in the morning. Back in South-Central Watts, two local thieves strip tires from a car just as the four pledges pass by with their tires from the Knights' car, and the homeowners give chase... mistakenly thinking that the four teens stole their tires. Back at the shop, Smitty is discussing his time in the war, when he and a man known as Grease modified a jeep engine and buzzed General MacArthur during a parade. Grease later died in a drunken crash. As they reflect on the tragedies of war, Jimmy Shine says he wants the new car to go to the club if anything happens to him in Vietnam, but the other men tell him not to worry. Back in Watts, the pledges decide to take their chances with a group of street corner singers, hoping they can give the song dedication to the deejay. The pledges are running out of time to return to Beverly Hills. The singers ask the pledges if they are familiar with marijuana and agree to take on the task after the boys share a toke. Bimbeaux and Clark receive an upbraiding by the captain on their radio. Still, Bimbeaux cannot resist teasing Newbomb about the impounded El Camino, and Newbomb decides to get even when the officer uses the restroom. Shorty fixes the restroom doorknob with his handy screwdriver, and Tarzan gets a potato for the tailpipe of the patrol car. While Clark waits in the car, he draws a fake mustache on his face using a marker. Bimbeaux goes into the bathroom. The toilet, stopped up with toilet paper, floods the floor when he flushes. Outside Newbomb dumps cans of garbage in front of the door. When Bimbeaux is trapped in the bathroom and calls for help, Clark shoots out the doorknob with his service pistol, and Bimbeaux slides on the trash when he comes out, ruining his uniform. Simpson arrives with his rail job. Dudley jumps in front of the patrol car when the officers attempt to give chase, as if seized by epilepsy, then jumps up and escapes the cops by hopping a ride in the rail job. When the officers try again to pursue, they hit another car. Returning to the drive-in at closing time, Jimmy Shine gives Dudley his Knights jacket to watch until he returns. When the Knights suggest picking up the pledges they left in Watts, at first Dudley panics, then he takes a final drag on his puffer and discards it, ready to go. Duke and Suzie talk at last. She says she cares more about him than her screen test. Duke confesses that he was worried if she became an actor he would not be good enough for her, but she says she loves him and they reconcile with a kiss. The street corner singers meet Doctor J on KBLA just in time, and he announces the request on the radio as the pledges arrive at Tubby's parking lot, the requested song plays to end the Halloween broadcast, and they earn their Knights jackets. Jimmy Shine leaves to have a farewell dinner with his family before he departs for Vietnam and he hugs Smitty, who has been like a father to him. Dudley calls his mother to tell her he will be late because he has a assignation with a girl and is going to get laid, and she faints. Jacqueline and Nevans are still experiencing aftereffects from the spiked punch, but are in Nevans' car parked outside her home. She assures him that her husband is too drunk to wake up. When the cops give chase to the Knights, the patrol car crashes into Nevans' car and Jack appears, catching the two with their clothes in disarray as the Knights moon them all. In the final scene, Tubby's Drive In shuts off their lights for the last time as the end credits roll.
tt0090738
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Catharine Petersen (Theresa Russell) carefully applies and checks her make-up, puts on a pair of dark glasses and disembarks from a private jet. She is met by her sister-in-law, Sara (Lois Smith), with a limousine. It develops that Catharine's husband (Sara's brother), Sam Petersen, died suddenly in his sleep the previous night, while Catharine was out of town. On the short trip back to Catharine's apartment, Sara tries to offer what comfort she can. She offers to go upstairs with her, but Catharine declines. She enters the apartment alone and goes to her husband's den. She sits at his desk, takes off her sunglasses, and stares sadly at the pictures there...of her, of them, of the events of their short life together. She goes to a sideboard, picks up a glass brandy decanter, and takes it into the bathroom. Looking impassively at herself in the mirror, she pours the contents of the decanter into the sink, and turns on the water to rinse away all traces. Then, strangely, she goes into their bedroom, lies down on the bed and weeps for the husband she just murdered. Alexandra "Alex" Barnes (Debra Winger) is a data analyst for the Justice Department. She arrives at the office in her usual dither, thrilled over the news of the sudden death, in his sleep, of a Jersey mob boss. Convinced it was a mob hit, she orders her co-worker and sidekick, Michael (D.W. Moffatt), to search for similar deaths. He finds only one: that of wealthy publisher Sam Petersen, a year earlier. Both men died of a rare congenital condition called Ondine's Curse, in which the victim simply stops breathing during sleep. But there is no other connection between the two men: Alex's boss, Bruce (Terry O'Quinn), tells her to move on to something else. Marielle Dumer strides into the office of her new husband, Dallas toy manufacturer Ben Dumer (Dennis Hopper). With curly, red hair, flashy (but expensive) clothes, and an air of brassy sex appeal, she bears little resemblance to quiet, elegant Catharine Petersen...but we see she is the same woman. After visiting her husband, she goes to a bank to access a safe deposit box. Alone in a private room, she takes a bottle of brandy from her purse. From the box, she removes some jewelry, several thick bundles of money, and a small brown case. The case contains a syringe with a very long needle, and a small vial of clear liquid. She fills the syringe from the vial, and injects the liquid through the cork into the bottle of brandy. She replaces everything in the box, puts the brandy in her purse and leaves. That night, as she packs for a five-day trip out of town, Ben asks why they ran out of brandy so fast. "Didn't I see a fresh bottle in the cabinet?" she says. He finds it, and replies, "Right again, Hon'." She smiles sweetly...and the scene shifts immediately to a funeral procession, driving slowly through a cemetery...and shortly thereafter to a lawyer's office. Ben's sister, Etta (Diane Ladd), is threatening to contest Ben's will. Marielle tells her she has no one to blame but herself for being cut from it...but she intends to leave Dallas, to go back to Charleston, and doesn't want to leave any hard feelings (or nagging questions?) behind. She offers to make a small gift to Etta from her share of the estate. "How small?" asks Etta. "Something in the mid-six-figure range?" suggests Marielle. Etta signifies her acceptance, and the matter is closed. Alex arrives at her office and the unauthorized gun in her purse sets off the metal detector alarm in the lobby. The security guard escorts her up to her boss's office for an explanation and a reprimand. She tells Bruce that she's been practicing with it before work, trying to qualify for field duty. Bruce wryly advises her to take the gun back to Sears. Late that afternoon, Alex is working at her computer. Michael approaches, tells her he has found another death involving Ondine's Curse. Then he shyly asks her out to dinner. She puts him off, telling him she values his friendship and assistance too much to risk losing them to a failed love affair. Then she asks about the death from Ondine's Curse. He tells her it was a toy manufacturer in Dallas. Both he and the publisher were wealthy, middle-aged, and both had married younger women within a couple of months of their deaths, but there seems to be no other connection. Alex, however, is excited by this news. She asks him to round up information and pictures of them both. "Shouldn't be hard," he says, "they were both wealthy, prominent men." "No," replies Alex, "I want pictures of the wives." Margaret Dodd (the former Marielle Dumer) is conducting an investigation of her own. Her hair is now longer, dark brown, and pulled back into a neat French braid. She is now dressing in quiet grey, brown and olive-green suits, slacks, sweaters...sensible shoes...even, occasionally, a pair of plain, black-framed glasses. She looks studious and earnest, but still alluring in an unostentatious way. She visits a bookstore in Seattle, Washington and asks for books on Seattle history, Japanese cooking, rare coins and Native American Tribes of the Northwest. The bookstore clerk asks her jokingly if she's cramming for a quiz show. She gives him a long look, a faint, unamused laugh, and goes back to her notes. Michael has found remarkably few photos of the wives, and in all of them, the women seem to be deliberately turning away from the camera. He has them made into slides for Alex and she takes them home, along with a slide projector. She studies their faces and their bodies as they're projected onto her living room wall...she looks in her bathroom mirror, and experiments with her own hair and stance, noting how even small changes can make a significant difference in a woman's overall appearance. Margaret is also studying, in her suite at a Seattle hotel: photos of rare coins, an old video of a Coast Salish (Native American) ritual. Her objective soon becomes clear: these are all interests and hobbies of William McCrory (Nicol Williamsen), a noted anthropologist, chairman of the Native American Museum Board...late-middle-aged, a lifelong bachelor...and one of the five wealthiest men in Washington State. Bruce is not convinced by Alex's evidence and theory. He argues that the Dallas woman is slimmer, younger. Alex counters that it's just make-up, attitude, posture. He reminds her that her job is data analysis, and that she does the best work in the office...and she shouldn't try to get all of the excitement in her life out of her job. Alex is outraged, she feels he's overstepping his bounds. He tells her that he just wants her to be happy...she isn't happy, and she deserves to be happy. "Bruce," she pleads, "Make me happy." After a long silence, he finally gives her permission to go after her "Black Widow". Margaret approaches Irene (Rutanya Alda), a member of the Museum Board, and offers to donate a million dollars to the museum in exchange for a seat on the board of directors. Irene primly tells her that those seats are not for sale. "Fine," replies Margaret, evenly, "I'm sure Mr. McCrory will appreciate my intentions," and leaves. In the next scene, a meeting of the board of directors, William McCrory tells Margaret that as their newest board member, they want to hear her views. She reluctantly suggests that they shouldn't concentrate so exclusively on acquisition of Coast Salish artifacts (McCrory's specialty field and his passion), they should try to exhibit equally artifacts from all tribes. It's a bold and risky strategy, but it works...she states her reasoning articulately and movingly, and McCrory is immediately drawn to her. Alex visits the sisters of the first two victims. She interviews Sara first, who still believes Catharine is the genuine article, and is very put off by Alex's theories and manner. She sees Etta next, who is lying on a tanning bed in an expensive salon. Etta says she also suspected Marielle...But since Ben was dead, and nothing could bring him back, she decided to avoid the scandal and publicity of accusing her sister-in-law of murder. Alex suggests rather pointedly that she might have been influenced by the $500,000 gift as well. Etta sits up, takes off her protective glasses, gives Alex a long look...and says sweetly, "You're looking a little peaked, my dear...can I buy you a tan?" William and Margaret have been seeing each other...dinner, long walks, quiet discussions over afternoon tea or evening coffee. One day he takes her on a ferry ride and a long drive to his family's cabin in the woods. It is large, elegant, peaceful and inviting...he tells her he has always meant to live here someday. "Why don't you?" asks Margaret. He looks at her, and says, simply, "Why don't WE?" During the passionate lovemaking that follows, Margaret notices a medallion that William wears on a chain around his neck. "It's a Medic Alert," he tells her, "I'm allergic to penicillin." She lets out a low laugh, and kisses him lustily. At the Justice Department, the guys and Alex are engrossed in a late-night poker game. In the last hand, one of the guys, Herb (David Mamet), obviously has the winning cards. The others fold, but Alex, the lone female, decides he's bluffing. She meets his bet, then raises $20, and then, recklessly, another $20, even after the other guys warn her he's clearly got the cards. When she loses, she defiantly reminds him that she'd won big from him the week before. While the rest leave, she sits down at her desk and puts her head down on her folded arms. Bruce offers to give her a neck rub, and while he does so, they chat about her "Borgia" lady. Bruce makes a tentative pass at her, which she rejects. He shrugs philosophically, and asks if she needs more time and resources to find her, but she tells him she's already there...they've narrowed it down to six women. She says she's going to check them out; he warns her to be careful. She laughs, and tells him he's full of shit, and she'll call him from Denver...or maybe Seattle. In Seattle, Alex quickly finds Margaret and follows her, observing her, for several days. Posing as a reporter from the Post Intelligencer, she goes to the museum and talks to Irene, trying to get whatever information they have on her. Irene admits to not knowing much, and before Alex can stop her, she calls Margaret's office to see if she can come talk to Alex herself. William responds instead, says Margaret's not in today and asks if he can help. He catches Alex in her lie about being from the Post Intelligencer, and she explains sheepishly that she is a free-lance writer, doing an article on powerful women "on spec". Instead of being angry, he is sympathetic, admitting that he never had to prove himself that way. He asks where she is staying, and she replies, "At the Hilton." He warns that his wife is very private, but promises to ask her to contact Alex there. Alex thanks him, and starts to leave...then pauses, undecided, still looking at him. He looks back at her, a bit surprised, and asks if there's anything else. "No, I guess not," she says, and leaves him to his potsherds. Margaret has gone to the doctor for a physical. She tells him she has a case of recurring tonsillitis, and what with the Seattle weather... He grabs his prescription pad and asks what antibiotic usually works for her. "Penicillin," she replies. Alex goes to the Seattle Police Department, and puts her evidence in front of Detective Ricci (Leo Rossi). He ridicules her, refuses to cooperate with her, and tells her that if this is what the Justice Department calls evidence these days, that's the scariest part of the whole story. "The thing is," Alex tells him as she leaves, "I know I'm right." Later, William tells Margaret of the nice young woman he met that day, and of her interest in Margaret. Margaret hides her uneasiness from him...but she hurries to the Seattle Hilton, and asks about the young woman, only to learn she has checked out and moved to the Inn at the Market. She rushes over to the Inn, storms in, and storms back out again almost immediately. Alex is in a car, parked across the street, watching. Margaret is visibly disturbed and angry...she gets back into her car and slams the door, catching part of her coat in it...she rips at it to free it, getting more furious by the moment. Her behavior, normally so measured and controlled, is so atypical as to be frightening. At last, she screams in rage and frustration, and slams her forehead violently against the steering wheel. Afterward, calmer, she reaches into the glove compartment and takes out several travel brochures. Leafing through them, she settles on the one for Hawaii, and drives away. Next day, at the cabin, Margaret is in the bathroom opening a new tube of toothpaste. She squeezes a dollop onto the back of a hand mirror and empties one of the penicillin capsules onto it. As she is mixing the two substances, William enters, downstairs, and calls to her...she hastily finishes, stuffs as much of the blended paste back into the tube as she can, and puts the tube back in the drawer. The mirror goes into the basin, with water running over it to wash away all traces. She starts downstairs to join him, and William tells her of an upcoming meeting with his family on their shared business concerns. She tells him she doesn't think she should go...she'd feel like an intruder. "You're my wife," he says, simply, "I want you with me." She smiles sweetly, and replies, "I DO like the way you say that." Alex is back in Detective Ricci's office. She is angry, agitated. "Where did they find him?" she asks. "Look, Agatha Christie, there's been no homicide," he says, "He died of a heart attack--boom!--just like everybody else!" But Alex guesses he isn't feeling as confident as he sounds. "She's left town, hasn't she?" she says, "and you have no idea where she's gone. You're scared shitless, Ricci...they're going to find out about me, and they're going to wonder why you didn't check it out when you had the chance." But Ricci refuses to admit he was wrong or make any attempt to assist. Alex returns to Washington, and resigns from her job. Bruce tries to talk her out of it, telling her that she has six years on the job, which shouldn't just be thrown away. She tells him that she was in the same room with the victim...four feet away. "You couldn't tell him," he says, "he'd have gone straight to her, you'd be blown, and she'd disappear." "But maybe he'd be alive," she counters. "He didn't have a chance...I didn't give him a chance." As she's walking out of Bruce's office, Michael calls her over...he's already traced Margaret's escape route. Alex gives up her apartment, and sells her belongings. Bruce visits her the night before she leaves for Hawaii. As a parting gift he hands her an airline ticket. "I've already got my ticket," she says. "This is a ticket back to Washington," he tells her. She smiles and replies, "I'll be back with a tan." Margaret has now transformed herself into Rennie Walker: Athletic, outdoorsy, with a superb tan and a long, thick mane of tawny, blonde hair. She favors sexy Hawaiian print sarongs and halter tops, brightly colored swimsuits and sportswear. Her target this time is Paul Nuyten (Sami Frey), owner of half a dozen luxury hotels around the world--and younger and more attractive than the other men we've seen.. Alex has hired a private detective to help her find Margaret in her latest incarnation, a seedy Asian man named Shin (James Hong). She confronts him in his office in a run-down building near the docks. He claims at first not to have found the woman, and tries to shake Alex down for more money. But Alex doesn't buy it...she demands the information for which she's already paid. Rennie is attending a women's scuba diving class at her hotel. The instructor tells the women to get into the pool and pair off, and a plump girl with an obnoxious cough immediately offers to be Rennie's partner..."I'm not really contagious," she assures Rennie, brightly. Another woman nearby turns around suddenly--we see it is Alex...and she says, "My friend promised to be MY partner," to the coughing girl, who leaves in something of a huff. Rennie introduces herself, and tells Alex she owes her a beer. Alex introduces herself as Jessica Bates, and says she'll take her up on it. After the class, they have a drink together on the hotel lanai. Alex jokes about how much better Rennie looks than she does, and Rennie invites her up to her room for what she calls "a real drink". Alex sees pictures of Paul Nuyten, on Rennie's table, and asks about him...Rennie tells her who he is and invites her to a party he's having at his home that night as her guest. She loans Alex a dress, even takes her to her hairdresser, and the two women show up together in style. Alex watches the interaction between Paul and Rennie...things don't quite seem to be going all her way, this time. Paul is quite a player in his own right. Rennie has sensed that if she has sex with him too soon, she will not be able to persuade him to marry her...she'll merely become another of his conquests. So her strategy is a waiting game for the present...putting him off, but still sending come-on signals...until she can think of another way. Alex and Rennie continue to hang out together...drives, hikes, picnics. They stop at the fish market one morning before an outing...they prowl through the aisles separately, looking for picnic fare. Mr. Shin happens to be there, and approaches Alex for another try at a shakedown. Aware that Rennie could be watching, she tells him in a low, furious voice that this a Federal DOJ operation. She tells him to offer her a cigarette. Confused, he does so, and she turns him down. "Now point at the fish", she orders...he does, and she shakes her head no, while telling him to go away and stay away, or she'll have him arrested for obstruction of justice. Rennie HAS been watching, and she isn't fooled by Alex's glib explanation of the incident. That night, she calls Sara, and asks if any young women claiming to be reporters have come around asking about her. Sara tells her that there was one, but that she had identified herself as a federal agent. Rennie hastily hangs up. Frightened and angry, she screams another of her primal screams, and slams her fist into her belly. Alex and Rennie go scuba diving, from a deserted beach with black sand. At first they stay together, as they were taught in their class. But then they move apart. Rennie stops at a rock outcropping, and waits, watching Alex. Alex is inspecting the corral and the shellfish... suddenly she grabs her mouthpiece...no air is coming through! Desperate, she makes a dash for the surface. But Rennie intervenes. They struggle briefly, and Rennie rips Alex's mouthpiece out of her mouth. Then she takes the mouthpiece from her own mouth, and pushes it at Alex. Alex takes a couple of ragged breaths, and Rennie takes the regulator back...she takes two breaths herself, and pushes it again toward Alex...as they were taught in class. In this way, they are able to ascend to the surface safely. On the beach, Alex is angry, suspicious. Rennie is conciliatory...and reminds Alex of how lucky she was that she (Rennie) hadn't had her back turned. But the incident seems intentional, and apparently accomplishes the goal of frightening Alex. At a picnic the next day, they discuss Rennie's multiple husbands...and Rennie admits openly that was how she got rich. She tells Alex she used to think of it as her job, finding out everything about them, making herself desirable to them. Alex asks why one wasn't enough. "Rich is hard," says Rennie, "You never really think you're quite there." She glances at Alex, and sees the troubled look on her face. "I loved every one of them," she tells her, "Deeply. Honestly." She delivers her next comment as a throw-away: "It wouldn't have worked any other way." Then she changes the subject. "You like him," she says, "Paul, I mean. Why don't you go for it?" Alex doesn't respond, either to deny or agree. Rennie tells Alex that she WANTS her to make a play for him...that at this point in her life, she (Rennie) needs someone who can commit. They've planned an afternoon out with Paul, but at the last minute Rennie backs out, pleading a headache. She tells them to go without her. They do so, and they have a lovely time...and during the afternoon, Paul indicates that he wants to be with the woman he knows as Jessica. Alex is also attracted to Paul...but is wary of getting involved, for obvious reasons...not the least of those being that she doesn't want to be compared with Rennie. She tells him that she wants to know that whatever they have will be honest, and just between them. He tells her to look him in the face, and decide. She does, and is apparently convinced by what she sees. And so they make love. Rennie, meanwhile, has picked the lock into Alex's apartment, and is searching for clues into her identity. She also goes to see Mr. Shin, walking unannounced into his office just as he's walking out of his bathroom, rolling down his sleeve...which rattles and angers him. She shows him a picture of Alex, and says that she suspects this woman has been seeing her fiance. She wants him to get the proof. He recognizes Alex, and at first he refuses, saying he doesn't do this kind of work. Rennie says to him, "Mr. Shin, I'll tell you two things about me: I'm very rich...(she takes an envelope stuffed with money out of her purse and tosses it down in front of him)...and I'm very wealthy." It's an offer he can't refuse. Later we see Mr. Shin taking photographs of Alex and Paul at her apartment. Paul spends the night, and when he leaves the next morning, Alex sees him out. She goes back inside and sits down at her vanity. She stares at herself in the mirror: she has a wistful, but vaguely happy expression on her face. Rennie is at Paul's home that night, has apparently come there to reproach him for the affair with Alex. He's sad, puzzled...he thought that's what she wanted. She asks him to make her a drink before she goes back to town...when he comes back with the drinks, he finds her in the pool, naked..."Why tonight?" he asks, "After all this time?" "I think we've waited long enough," she replies. And he joins her in the pool. Paul visits Alex to break the news to her that he and Rennie are together now, and plan to marry. In spite of herself, she is hurt...her feelings for him were genuine. She attends the wedding and arranges for a few minutes alone with Rennie. "Woman in love," she says, ironically. "Did you really doubt it?" replies Rennie, lightly. "I helped you get here, didn't I?" responds Alex. "When you put us together, it made him want you all the more. So I guess you could say that my gift to you was the groom." Rennie hesitates, then says, "I meant it as an exchange of gifts." Taking a small gift-wrapped package from her purse, Alex says, "In that case, I still owe you one," and she hands it to Rennie. It's revealed to be a pin, fashioned to look like a black widow spider. Rennie is slightly annoyed, but not shaken..."Such an intriguing gift," she tells Alex, "Makes me wish I had more to share with you. The truth is, I'm almost sorry it's over." "The truth is, it's not over," retorts Alex. Rennie smiles, and replies, "Until then..." Then she suddenly catches Alex, her hand on the back of her neck, draws her swiftly to her, kisses her hard on the mouth...and just as swiftly releases her and walks away. Rennie goes back to Mr. Shin's office, to get the pictures he has taken. He shows them to her, and they're as incriminating as she could have wanted. She pulls a gun on Mr. Shin, and tells him he can die...or he can die happy. He has five seconds to decide. She begins to count. Pleading for his life in Chinese, he takes a kit from his desk with a syringe, a rubber tube, and a stash of heroin. As he rolls up his sleeve, and injects himself with a fatal dose, Rennie moves closer to him, strokes his head, and continues to count. She leaves the pictures on his desk. HPD is investigating Shin's death. At first, they're convinced it's what it appears to be: an ordinary, garden-variety overdose. But Alex shows up at the scene and asks to speak to the detective in charge (Danny Kamekona). Rennie takes a trip to the mainland for a few days. Alex invites Paul over to her apartment, and tries to warn him of his danger. She tells him about Rennie's past, and even reveals her own identity and involvement. He is angry, hurt...but won't believe her. "She doesn't need my money," he says, "I've seen her portfolio...bank accounts..." "I've just told you how she got them," Alex replies. "Then how do you explain our wills?" he asks. "They leave everything to the Cancer Foundation, and nothing to each other. It was HER idea." But Alex has no answer for this, and he leaves. The HPD detective meets Rennie at the airport when she comes back from the mainland. He breaks the news to her of her husband's death, and tells her that there is a woman claiming to be a federal agent insinuating Rennie murdered him. He asks permission to search the home, and Rennie gives her consent. Then, with just the right tone and manner of a grieving, outraged widow, she tells him that the woman--Alex, or Jessica, or whoever she claims to be--was her husband's lover before and after their marriage...so as long as they're searching her home, they'd better search Alex's place as well. A bottle of poison is found in Alex's apartment. She is arrested and taken to jail. The HPD detective thanks Rennie for her cooperation...he tells her a little of the evidence implicating Alex, mentioning the poison, and the pictures they found in Shin's office. Rennie admits she was responsible for the pictures, that she'd hired Shin, and then been too ashamed to go back for them. The HPD detective thinks this over, and tells her that they'd figured Shin's death as an overdose...but perhaps Miss Barnes has that to answer for as well. Rennie is called to a meeting with two representatives from the Cancer Foundation. It seems that since Paul's legal residence was Florida, the Florida Mortmain Statute applies to his will: Any bequest to charity executed within six months of death can be invalidated by the spouse. "Of course, there's no requirement that you do so," says one of the representatives, hopefully. Rennie looks at him and replies evenly, "Shortly before my husband died, he expressed reservations about your organization. Profound reservations." So much for the altruistic wills. Alex calls Rennie and asks her to come to the jail to see her. Although she's making plans to leave the island, Rennie decides to do so. They meet in the visitor's room, sitting at a counter with a chain link fence between them. Rennie smiles, pleasantly...Alex doesn't...Rennie looks away, a little embarassed, and sits down. Alex also sits. Rennie asks if Alex is ok. Alex says she can't complain...mentions that there are a lot of psychological tests, which she finds strange for a crime of passion. Rennie explains that they no longer think Alex murdered Paul out of jealousy...that they now believe her obsession was with Rennie. They think she started out as an ambitious federal agent, who thought she'd found a cunning phantom..."and you chased her, and chased her, and when you thought you'd never be quite quick enough to catch her..." "I killed Paul," Alex finishes for her, "...to frame you." Rennie nods. The matron comes in, from the door behind Alex, and Alex goes to have a whispered conference with her. Thinking the interview is over, Rennie starts to leave. But Alex comes back. "How did you manage it," she asks. "Did you sneak back from the mainland? Did you use the bottle you planted in my apartment?" Rennie smiles. "You always did have a tendency to overthink things," she says. "The most important thing about figuring anything out is...knowing when to stop." Alex is silent. "Of all the relationships I'll look back on in fifty years' time," Rennie continues, "I'll always remember this one." A door opens behind Rennie, she turns to see who it is, and is startled to see her sister-in-law, Sara, standing there, with the HPD detective, an expression of disbelief tinged with dawning horror on her face. Rennie realizes the situation has just become very sticky...but it still might be possible to explain her way clear. "Hello, Sara," she manages to say, "Good to see you." She glances resentfully at Alex. Alex nods to the detective, he motions to someone outside the door, and approaching footsteps are heard. Something in Alex's expression warns Rennie that something important is about to happen. She turns to look, and stands up, shocked. She shudders violently as she tries desperately to get herself under control. The camera cuts to Paul Nuyten standing just inside the doorway, very much alive and well. Rennie turns quickly to Alex and says, "I want you to know I put the poison in his brandy...you mustn't let him..." "We know," interrupts Alex. "We found it before he did." Rennie turns back and walks slowly toward Paul. She tries to kiss him...but although he allows her lips to touch his mouth, he doesn't respond. She walks past him toward the door, with one last lingering look over her shoulder at Alex. Sara and the detective follow her out. Paul and Alex stare at each other gravely for a moment. Then they turn away from each other and leave by separate exits. The media is in the front office of the police station. Alex and the HPD detective come down the stairs...he runs interference for her, fending off aggressive photographers and reporters. She responds to no one, ignoring questions and congratulations alike. When she leaves through the front door, the HPD detective turns to them and says, "Now we'll give you a story," and leads them away. The camera stays fixed on Alex as she disappears in the distance.
tt0068863
Horror,Mystery
[note: this synopsis is only for Mario Bava's true and original Lisa and the Devil (1973), not the re-shot, re-edited version 'The House of Exorcism' (1975)] Lisa Reiner (Elke Sommer) is a young American woman vacationing in Spain with some friends of hers. During a stop in a small town square with her tour group, Lisa grows to admire a fresco of the devil carrying a dead man's body which her tour guide describes as the devil carrying away lost souls back to Hell. As her group disperses, Lisa hears a beautiful piece of music. She leaves her companions and traces its source to an elaborate music box in a little antique shop just outside the main square. While inside the shop, she encounters a strange man (Telly Savalas) purchasing parts of a life-size mannequin. After making eye contact, Lisa is startled when the man bears an uncanny resemblance to the devil depicted in the painting. The man's peculiar behaviour distresses Lisa, so she flees from the shop to rejoin her friends. However, she becomes hopelessly lost in the maze of backstreets of the town. Though she has only walked a short distance beforehand, the back streets and alleyways seem totally alien to her. The locals refuse to give her directions, as side streets lead to dead ends. Lisa runs into the mysterious man a second time, though this time he is carrying a full-length, life-sized mannequin eerily similar to the painting depicted in the main square, as well as carrying the music box still playing the haunting tune. Introducing himself as Leandro, he gives Lisa some vague directions back to the main square, then walks around a corner and disappears. But the direction that Leandro points to the main square leads only to more unfamiliar streets. Next, Lisa encounters a strange man who looks a lot like the mannequin that Leandro was carrying. These bizarre coincidences begin to terrify Lisa, and the stranger acts as though she is his long-lost lover. Frantic, Lisa pushes him away and the man falls down a flight of stone steps, apparently dead. Lisa runs off in a panic. Night falls on the village, and Lisa remains lost. However, her luck seems to be improving when she hitches a ride in a old vintage 1940s limousine which contains Francis Leher (Eduardo Fajardo) and his wife Sophie (Silvia Koscina) whom are driving through the village with their chauffeur George (Gabriele Tinit). But their limousine soon breaks down just outside a old villa on the town's outskirts. The four travelers push their car into the villa grounds and knock on the front door asking for assistance. The villa turns out to be occupied by an elderly blind countess (Alida Valli), and her neurotic son Maximilian (Alessio Orano). When Maximilian spots Lisa, he becomes convinced that she is the reincarnation of a woman that loved and lost. Maximilian implores his mother to allow the four stranded tourists to stay for the night while he helps the chauffeur repair the car's engine. Though the villa is well-appointed, it has a strange atmosphere. Lisa is subsequently shocked to discover that Leandro is the family butler, who also recognizes her from their brief meetings earlier, and seems a little too friendly to Lisa. As Leandro settles Lisa, Francis and Sophie, and George into their living quarters for the night, Lisa jumps with fright when she sees the same man from the village who tried to attack her, staring at her through the window. Lisa tries to get away from the house, but her departure is thwarted by Maximilian, who begs her to stay. As she feels some attraction to the young man, as well as pity for him, Lisa relents. The four travellers are settled down to dinner, while the food is served by Leandro. Lisa further notices the weird atmosphere of the place, when Maximilian continues to remind Lisa that she has a resemblance towards his lost lover, Elena. But Francis and Sophie's relationship becomes more strained as dinner progresses. Francis' cold, dispassionate nature forces Sophie to walk away from him, and she falls into the arms of George, whom they have quick passionate sex. A short while later, George is found dead, with a pair of scissors plunged into his throat. Sophie immediately assumes that her husband did it, and she flees outside into the car where she starts it up, When Francis comes out to stop her from leaving, she runs over him over and over again. But upon returning into the house, Sophie is killed by Maximilian in a hurtful, gory way. It was Maximilian who murdered the chauffeur to prevent Lisa from leaving. With the meddling strangers out of the way, Maximilian turns his attention to Lisa where it's revealed that the man who pursued Lisa in the village is actually Maximilian's stepfather Carlos (Espartaco Santoni). Like Maximilian, he had previously fallen in love with Elena, the woman displayed in a few old photographs who bears an amazing resemblance to Lisa. Carlos had abandoned the countess and ran off with Elena, who was also Maximilian's lover. Before she had a chance to join him, Maximilian had murdered Elena and stored her body in a concealed room so he could continue to have her, even in death. Apparently when Carlos returned to the village, he assumed after seeing Lisa that she was Elena. Now that Maximilian had murdered Carlos, he puts him display in an open coffin in the parlor so that nobody can take Lisa away from him. At this point, Lisa still has no idea that Maximilian is completely deranged, and on top of that, she's still being casually nice to him. When Maximilian decides to share his secret with Lisa about his lost love Elena, he takes her to the concealed room, and shows her Elena's skeletal remains, Lisa finally then backs away in horror and rejects Maximilian. But rather than kill her, he chloroforms Lisa and puts her in the bed next to Elena's remains. Maximilian strips Lisa naked and tries to have sex with the unconscious woman. But in his twisted state of mind, he feels that the skeletal remains of Elena is mocking him and he cannot perform. Apparently deciding that in order to consummate the relationship, he will have to marry her. Maximilian meets his mother in the parlor who's paying respects to her dead husband where he tells her of his intentions. The Countess, jealous of the hold Elena, in the form of Lisa, continues to hold over the men in her life, demands that Maximilian kill Lisa and dispose of her and the rest of the bodies before the police show up looking for her and the other murder victims. But Maximilian's devotion to Lisa is complete, and rather then get rid of her, he stabs his mother dead as she stands by the coffin that contains Carlos' body. All of these events are observed by Leandro, whose presence seem to haunt the villa, and who seems to be orchestrating the bizarre occurrences as some kind of sick game. Unsettled by this act of matricide, Maximilian rushes about the house looking for Leandro who, for once, is nowhere to be found. Instead, Maximilian finds the bodies of all his victims, including the skeletal Elena, seated at the dinner table looking at him. He turns around and sees his undead mother shambling towards him. In shock, Maximilian recoils backwards, only to fall out a second floor window, and onto the spikes of a gate. Emerging from behind the body of the dead Countess, Leandro remarks, "oh, it slipped". The next morning, Lisa wakes up, naked and in unfamiliar surroundings. Though it seems to be the exact same concealed room, it is now infested with vegetation and she is alone with no bodies anywhere. Putting her clothes back on, Lisa walks through the house and finds that its entirely deserted. In fact, it looks that nobody has lived in the house for a long time. Confused, but somewhat relieved that the entire night's experience was apparently nothing but a bad dream, Lisa leaves the house and runs into a group of schoolgirls playing ball in the street. The balls rolls in her direction and she catches it. One of the the girls points to Lisa and proclaims her a ghost because nobody has lived in the villa for a hundred years. The girls run away screaming. Lisa walks around a little and within minutes finds herself back in the town square from the beginning of the movie. She is observed by Leandro a short distance away who is being given a mannequin likeness of her. Lisa takes a taxi to the airport and enters a plane. After the plane takes off, Lisa notices the she is the only passenger. She searches section after section, only to discover the dead bodies of Maximilian, the Countess and all the others in the first class compartment. Frantically, Lisa makes her way to the cockpit where she opens the door and discovers that Leandro is the pilot, who lets out a devilish laugh. Lisa transforms into a ghastly pale mannequin and slumps to the floor.
tt0098309
Comedy
Ruth Patchett (Roseanne Barr) lives in the suburbs outside New York City with her husband Bob (Ed Begley, Jr.) and her children Nicolette and Andy (Elisabeth Peters and Bryan Larkin). She is a competent and loving homemaker but her skills are often pushed aside by the fact that she is extremely clumsy, unattractive, and overweight. Bob works as an accountant in New York City and takes Ruth to a party at the Guggenheim Museum, to "network." At the party Ruth spills her wine on romance novelist Mary Fisher (Meryl Streep), much to Bob's embarrassment. Before Ruth can return with Bob's stain-fighting prescription of salt and Perrier however, Bob has already offered to drive Mary home, and she lives more than two hours away from the Patchett's home. Bob drops Ruth off at the curb in front of the entrance to their street, leaving her to walk home. Upon arrival to Mary's "palace on the sea," she invites Bob in. However, the butler Garcia (A Martinez) has been waiting up for Mary all night, and is clearly displeased when he is sent straight to bed by Mary. In her office, Bob and Mary's "business meeting" quickly turns intimate and Bob spends the night. Upon arrival home the next morning in the middle of breakfast, Bob announces that he has landed Mary Fisher's account. Ruth becomes suspicious that Bob is having an affair, and begins to try to please him by doing extra chores around the house, such as cutting the grass and fixing the sink, and trying to look more attractive, going so far as to shave her unsightly mustache. Bob's affair continues, and Mary becomes annoyed when she must share him with Ruth; and Ruth, now sure of the nature of Bob's late nights at the office, approaches him. Bob responds that Ruth is his best friend, that his business with Mary is purely business related, and that he wouldn't hurt her, but warns her not to "start" as his parents are coming over for dinner. The dinner does not go according to plan. Bob spends another long day at the "office" and can't help Ruth cook. As a result, food is already coming out charred to a crisp and the appetizer of clam puffs has to be changed to cheese and crackers, which are also nearly spilled onto the floor when Ruth trips. The mushroom soup, which she had made just for Bob, as it is one of his favorite dishes, is revealed to hold Andy's missing gerbil when the lid is removed from the dish. A firefight ensues. Bob calls Ruth an incompetent homemaker and a lousy cook, and reveals to the kids that he only married her because she was already pregnant. Ruth storms out, and tells him that if he wants dinner, he can have Mary Fisher cook it for him. Bob's parents have had enough, and storm out--of the house. Bob moves out later in the night permanently, insulting Ruth all the way out the door. He tells her that he has four assets he holds dear: His house, his family, his career, and his freedom to enjoy them. When it comes to liabilities, he exclaims he only has one: Ruth herself. He calls her a 'She-Devil' and leaves. Ruth is enraged. She writes down his assets and vows to check them off one by one. She starts with the house, destroying it by starting a fire. She throws a live hanging lighting fixture, a clothing iron, and all of her books by Mary Fisher, which she had once enjoyed to read, into the washing machine. She turns on Nicolette's hairdryer, places it on the bed and covers it in pillows, overloads a single electrical outlet with nearly ten appliances, jams a food blender with a knife, throws a lit cigarette into the wastebasket, blows out the pilot light to the stove--with the gas still running, and places several aerosol cans into the microwave. She takes a picture of her family, the list of Bob's assets, the dog, and her lipstick, and makes it out of the house just in time for it to erupt in flames. Already she has an asset to knock off the list. Having nowhere to live herself, she drops the kids off at Mary's place to stay with their father, conveniently just as Bob and Mary share an intimate moment in the swimming pool. Bob protests, but Ruth outruns him in a taxi. Ruth starts a new life under a new name, Vesta Rose, inspired by a woman selling roses on the street, and heads to where Mary's estranged mother Mrs. Fisher (Sylvia Miles) lives, the Golden Twilight Nursing Home. Under her new identity, she secures a job as an orderly under the home's owner Mrs. Trumper (Mary Louise Wilson), and Nurse Hooper (Linda Hunt), only to discover that the home's residents are drugged nearly to the point of coma. Ruth decides it's time to wake them up, and switches the home's sedatives with plain vitamins. After the change Ruth starts a soccer league, which the old residents play out on the lawn still dressed in their housecoats and slippers. Hooper is irate, but decides that she won't tell Trumper when Ruth appeals to her and tells her that all women like themselves should stick together. Now alert, Ruth gets to know Mrs. Fisher, who turns out to be a chirpy and wisecracking old woman who does not speak favorably about her daughter. She talks Mrs. Fisher into visiting Mary, and puts her on the train herself. Meanwhile at Mary's, it is revealed Mary is inept to handle any task related to motherhood, and this is compounded by the fact that the kids don't listen to anything she says anyways. Nicolette sits on the lawn blasting the radio and talking on the phone all day, while Andy watches TV in the living room while Bob is still seen flirting with still more women. Furthermore, Mary's beloved toy poodle is killed when Andy throws a stick off the back edge of her property and the dog follows it into the rocky sea below. Mary begins to reach her breaking point when she is forced to do the unthinkable--laundry. The maid Ute (Susan Willis) is busy cleaning after the ever growing mess and the butler refuses to do anything but lounge in the swimming pool in protest of not being Mary's front line man. Mary, having never used a washing machine before, ruins all of Nicolette and Andy's clothes, pouring an indiscriminate amount of bleach directly on the clothes before starting the washer. Dinner is now shown at Mary's house with her mother over. Mary's hatred toward her mother is clearly shown--she doesn't even invite her to dinner, Mrs. Fisher discovers it herself and directs herself to a seat. On top of this, Mrs. Fisher reveals that Mary is not age 34 as she had claimed, but actually 41. Ruth and Hooper are enjoying lunch when Ruth breaks out her specialty--rich cakes and desserts. Hooper can't help but taste more and more, never having had a sweet in years. She warms up to Ruth and tells her that she has over $55,000 in the bank, as she has next to no expenses and has been working the nursing home for decades. Ruth exclaims that money has no value if it's not put to use, but leaves when Hooper reluctantly decides not to leave the home. Her mind is quickly changed however when Ruth is fired from her job. Incontinence is strictly forbidden at the Golden Twilight home, and Trumper discovers a big wet spot where Ruth had dumped Mrs. Fisher's bedpan into the bed and Ruth does not deny hiding the spot. Mrs. Fisher is not long welcome in the Golden Twilight home, securing her a permanent spot at Mary's crumbling palace by the sea (just as Ruth had planned). Ruth boards a bus toward New York City, and nearly leaves without Hooper who catches the bus at just the last second by chasing it nearly down the street. Meanwhile, Mary seems to be getting a burst in confidence when a journalist from People magazine comes to interview her. Mary is sidetracked from her new tea-time snack of Yoohoo and aerosol cheese by a phone call, and Mrs. Fisher quickly takes advantage of the situation to be interviewed and drops a bombshell--Mary was a "teenage tramp" who would do it "anywhere, anytime, and with anyone" and gave birth to a son that was fathered by a butcher when she was 16. The "heir" to the Fisher dynasty was adopted by another family, however. Ruth can cross of Bob's family from the list. Ruth and Hooper move to New York City where they move into a small apartment together as roommates, and using Hopper's money, they buy a run-down building in the World Trade Center district to open an employment agency for women like Ruth herself. Through much advertisement, the agency is packed on its very first day in business, despite the office still going through renovation. Ruth begins to form her own "army" of women, getting them jobs as data processors, bank tellers, and court reporters all over the city. One of her clients is the very young, and very attractive Olivia Honey (Maria Pitillo). Ruth, disguising her voice, and using a special ad just for Bob, gets Olivia a job at Bob's new office right in the World Trade Center. She becomes his next fling. But when "Bobby" won't get more serious with her, she asks Ruth for advice. She tells Ruth that his wife is a "real nut" who left him with the kids and that his current living arraignment is working out so great. Ruth tells Olivia she needs to speak her heart, that she loves Bob. Bob promptly fires Olivia, but not before she has gained unprecedented access to his financial information, and reveals to Ruth that he skims the interest off his clients accounts and wires it to a bank in Switzerland. Meanwhile, Mary publishes her next book, "Love in the Rinse Cycle", which promptly flops in sales and criticism. What's worse is that the new People article has been published, and it's a blistering tell-all. Mary begins to lose control, crying all day and taking copious amounts of anxiety medication to the point of collapsing spread out in bed. Ruth and Olivia plan a midnight Rendez-vous and sneak into Bob's office transferring hundreds of thousands of dollars into Bob's private overseas bank account in order to make more of the embezzlement charges they plan to file against him. With Olivia distracted, Ruth filters through Bob's files, and finds photocopies of Olivia's butt on the copy machine with Bob pinching them, while wearing the special ring Mary gave him engraved with his initials. The angered Ruth sends this letter to Mary under the disguise of a fan letter. This combined with the fact that the maid has quit makes Mary completely lose it, and when she finds Nicolette getting romantic with Garcia and Andy drinking with her mother, she puts her foot down, and declares herself boss, "Starting now!" Ruth, now having sufficient evidence to accuse Bob of his fraud, she annymously calls the IRS and reports the crime. Still tense in the house, Mary throws a party to revitalize herself, but it comes to a grinding halt when detectives come to arrest Bob. After a meeting with an expensive attorney who revealed that not only will Bob's case be heard before a judge very lax toward white collar criminals, but that most of the stolen money came from Mary's account (which was the result of Ruth and Olivia's computer hacking). Mary wants Bob out, and fires him and tells him that their relationship is over... for good. Ruth contacts one of her many soldiers, a court clerk (Lori Tan Chinn), and asks if the judge can be changed to one more impartial. Grateful for Ruth's services, the now-clerk readily agrees and pulls strings to get "Judge Brown" to hear Bob's case now, instead of the lenient Judge Phillips. Bob's case is heard where the unbias, but unsymathetic Judge Brown, a female African-American judge, does not take any pity on him, nor buys his contraditing "computer glitch" defense to the embezzlement charges against him. Judge Brown finds him guilty of embezzling money, and sentenences him to pay a large fine and serve a minimum of 18 months in prison. Catching a glimpse of Ruth on his way out of the courtroom for the first time in months, Bob begs her to help him, but she has no sympathy. Ruth can now cross off "career" and "freedom" off her list, putting an end to her reign of terror. "Poor Bob", Ruth says in a voice-over. "I almost felt sorry for him... almost." The film then flashes forward to one year later. Ruth is visiting Bob in prison with the kids. She drops the kids off but before she can leave, Bob asks her if he can come over one night and cook her dinner when he gets out in another six or seven months. Ruth tells him that would be nice, and that she'll think about it. Bob asks Nichollete and Andy to taste some cookies he made in the prison kitchen and they burned, echoing Ruth's burned clam puffs. After the events with Bob, Mary sells her mansion. Her new book is called "Trust and Betrayal: A Docu-novel of Love, Money and Skepticism," proves to be a critical and commercial success; Ruth appears at the book signing and asks the autograph to be made out to "Ruth", which causes Mary to give a momentary lapse of deja vu (considering that she never actually met Ruth face-to-face throughout the movie), but she shrugs it off. Next in line after Ruth is a handsome Frenchman whom Mary flirts with, showing that she is back to her old ways. In the closing shot, Ruth is shown walking down the street in the World Trade Center neighborhood, wearing current styles and her hair nicely done, surrounded by women wearing the Vesta Rose agency pin they received upon joining Ruth's "army." Breaking the fourth wall, Ruth looks at the camera and smiles... seemingly satisfied with the sweet revenge she devilishly duked out on Bob and Mary's faces.
tt0837796
Horror
On a deserted back road in alabama, Jack and Stephanie find themselves driving fast and running late. Their world suddenly changes when a strange accident leaves them stranded with no car, no cell phone coverage, and no help in sight. They have no choice except to continue on foot. As darkness approaches, they round a bend and see a small sign at the top of a long gravel driveway: The Wayside Inn. The exhausted couple stands in front of an inviting house, complete with gated stone wall, ancient oak trees, and a note welcoming weary travelers. Inside they find another couple with an equally troubling story about a similar accident. It seems that backwoods pranksters have made their day miserable. Still, they are safe . . . Or so they think. --Taken from the novel
tt0116075
Horror
Dr. Alan Feinstone has everything. A beautiful wife, a nice house, a job as a dentist, a popular reputation and is obsessed with order and cleanliness. However, everything changes, on the day of his wedding anniversary; he spies his wife Brooke having sex with their filthy poolman, Matt. Feinstone waits for them to finish, retrieves his handgun (a .380 Walther PPK) and then follows Matt in his car. He is led to Paula Roberts's house, a friend of Brooke's. Hiding the gun behind his back, he quickly makes up a story about inviting Paula to a surprise party for Brooke. He then sneaks into her backyard in time to see Paula invite Matt inside. Paula's dog, a rottweiler, emerges from the yard and attacks Feinstone. He shoots the dog through the head in self defense and proceeds to drive to work. At his dental practice, Feinstone's first patient of the day is young Jody Sanders, there for his very first dental appointment. Feinstone begins to clean Jody's teeth. Everything goes smoothly at first, until he imagines that Jody's teeth are brown and rotten. His dental pick slips, stabbing Jody in the gums. Jody's mother picks up her crying, bleeding child and leaves angrily. As Feinstone sees his second patient, beauty queen April Reign, Detective Gibbs investigates the death of Paula's dog. He suspects the perpetrator was the burglar who has been robbing houses in the neighborhood, though that criminal has never used a gun before. Alone with April, Feinstone sedates her with nitrous oxide so that he can fill a cavity in one of her molars. As she drifts off into unconsciousness, Feinstone imagines that she has transformed into his wife. He begins kissing and fondling his "wife" on the dental chair, then begins to choke her. April starts to cough and half-wakes up from the gas. Feinstone snaps out of his trance and quickly re-buttons April's blouse and finishes removing her pantyhose. Hiding the pantyhose behind a counter, Feinstone helps the still-coughing April into the arms of her manager, Steve Landers (Mark Ruffalo). He leads them out claiming April is dizzy from the nitrous oxide. Steve returns a few minutes later and furiously punches Feinstone hard in the mouth presumably after what April told Steve about her encounter with Feinstone. They leave angrily, threatening a lawsuit for sexual and physical assault on their way out. Feinstone decides to end the day early and sends his staff and patients home. Especially disappointed is Sarah, a teenager who desperately wants to get her braces removed. Candy, Feinstone's friendly office manager, tells her that she'll have to wait until tomorrow. Later that night, Brooke meets Feinstone at his practice. He reveals his new Italian opera-themed patient room. He encourages Brooke to try out the room's dental chair and clean her teeth. When she does, Feinstone binds her to the chair with a scarf and sedates her with nitrous oxide. With operatic music blaring in the background, he begins to pull out Brooke's teeth and cuts out her tongue. Investigating the burglaries, Detective Gibbs and his partner Detective Sunshine arrive at Feinstone's door the next morning to ask him some questions. As they speak, Brookestill alive, but sedatedlies on a pool chair with a bikini on to distract Matt in the backyard while Matt cleans the pool with a scoop. Just as the policemen leave, Matt finds what seems to be a severed tongue in his net. He lifts Brooke's hat from her face to alert her of this discovery. She moans, reaches for him and displays her mutilated mouth; all her teeth are missing and her tongue is completely cut. Feinstone emerges from the house with a kitchen knife and stabs Matt to death. Waiting for Feinstone when he arrives at his practice are Sarah and Paula. Feinstone sees Paula first, much to Sarah's disappointment. When Paula's conversation turns to how good a job Matt does for her, Feinstone asks for a dental drill and begins overly-aggressively drilling her tooth. As her tooth is destroyed, his assistant, Jessica, questions what he is doing. Feinstone snaps out of his trance and asks Jessica to finish up. Instead, Jessica whispers to Paula to leave. When Feinstone discovers that Paula has left, he fires Jessica on the spot. She pulls out April's pantyhose from the previous day and threatens to expose Feinstone. Grabbing the hose from her hands, Feinstone wraps them around Jessica's neck and strangles her to death. At the police station, Detective Sunshine discovers that the bullet pulled from Paula's dog's murder scene only matches one gun in the area: the Walther PPK owned by Feinstone. He and Detective Gibbs drive to the Feinstone house to question him further. Near the pool, they discover Matt's body. They quickly break into the house and find the mutilated Brooke, tied to the bed but still alive. Meanwhile, IRS agent Marvin Goldblum, using Feinstone's tax problems as leverage, extorts a free dental exam and tries to extort a payoff from the doctor. This does not go over well with Feinstone. He inserts a retractor into Marvin's mouth and cracks his jaw wide open. He then uses a dental drill to slice into Marvin's tongue. Later, Feinstone's other assistant, Karen, finds Marvin still in the dental chair. The doctor grabs her and inserts a needle full of air into her jugular. The air bubble travels into her brain and kills her. As the flirtatious Candy leaves for lunch with dental equipment salesman Matthew Zeigler, Sarah finally gets called back to have her braces removed. Feinstone removes them and shows Sarah her smile in the mirror. As with Jody, he imagines her teeth brown and rotting. He pulls out his gun and aims it at her forehead. Sarah slams the exam light into Feinstone's head and escapes. She hides in one of the dental rooms, where Sarah finds the blood-soaked Marvin, who attacks Feinstone, but Feinstone recaptures her. Hysterical, Sarah promises to brush her teeth three times a day and to never eat candy. This satisfies the doctor and he leaves. The two detectives arrive, but they are a little too late. They follow him to a university where the doctor teaches dentistry classes. There, Feinstone at gunpoint manically instructs all of his students to pull all of the teeth out of all their patients. His vision warps again and he sees all of the people he has mostly killed or mutilated over the past few days, including Matt. He shoots Matt, who turns out to be a dental student. The detectives burst into the room, but Feinstone uses a hostage to escape. Eventually, he wanders into an auditorium where an opera singer is practicing. Enchanted, he watches her from behind. When he reaches out to touch her, she transforms into Brooke, who laughs at Feinstone. Defeated, he gets on his knees and is arrested by the detectives. In the final scene, we see Feinstone in a psychiatric hospital. He is carted off to his regular dental appointment, when his toothless wife Brooke begins to work violently on his mouth.
tt0075995
Drama,Mystery
Martin Dysart (Richard Burton) is a psychiatrist in a psychiatric hospital. He begins with a monologue in which he outlines the case of 17-year-old Alan Strang. He also divulges his feeling that his occupation is not all that he wishes it to be and his feelings of dissatisfaction and disappointment about his barren life. Dysart finds that there is a never-ending supply of troubled young people for him to "adjust" back into "normal" living; but he doubts the value of treating these youths, since they will simply return to a dull, normal life that lacks any commitment and "worship" (a recurring theme). He comments that Alan Strang's crime was extreme but adds that just such extremity is needed to break free from the chains of existence. A court magistrate, Hesther Saloman, visits Dysart, believing that he has the skills to help Alan come to terms with his violent acts involving six horses. At the hospital, Dysart has a great deal of difficulty making any kind of headway with Alan (Peter Firth), who at first responds to questioning by singing TV advertising jingles. Slowly, however, Dysart makes contact with Alan by playing a game where each of them asks a question, which must be answered honestly. He learns that, from an early age, Alan has been receiving conflicting viewpoints on religion from his parents. Alan's mother, Dora Strang (Joan Plowright), is a devout Christian who has read to him daily from the Bible. This practice has antagonized Alan's atheist father, Frank Strang (Colin Blakely), who, concerned that Alan has taken far too much interest in the more violent aspects of the Bible, destroyed a violent picture of the Crucifixion that Alan had hung at the foot of his bed. Alan replaced the picture with one of a horse, with large, staring eyes. During his youth, Alan had established his attraction to horses by way of his mother's biblical tales, a horse story that she had read to him, western movies, and his grandfather's interest in horses and riding. Dysart reveals a dream he has had, in a Grecian/Homeric setting, in which he is a public official presiding over a mass ritual sacrifice. Dysart slices open the viscera of hundreds of children, and pulls out their entrails. He becomes disgusted with what he is doing, but desiring to "look professional" to the other officials, does not stop. Alan's sexual training began with his mother who told him he could find true love and contentment by way of religious devotion and marriage. During this time Alan also begins to show a sexual attraction to horses, desiring to pet their thick coats, feel their muscular bodies and smell their sweat. Alan reveals to Dysart that he had first encountered a horse at age six, on the beach. A rider (John Wyman) approached him, and took him up on the horse. Alan was visibly excited, but his parents found him and his father pulled him violently off the horse. The horse rider scoffed at the father and rode off. In another key scene, Dysart hypnotizes Alan, and during the hypnosis, Dysart reveals elements of his terrifying dream of the ritual murder of children. Dysart begins to jog Alan's memory by filling in blanks, and asking questions. Alan reveals that he wants to help the horses by removing the bit, which enslaves them. After turning 17, Alan took a job working in a shop selling electrical goods, where he met Jill Mason (Jenny Agutter), an outgoing and free-spirited young woman in her mid-20s. She visits the shop wanting to purchase blades for horse-clippers. Alan is instantly interested when he discovers that Jill has such close contact with horses after she tells him that she works for a local stable owner. Jill suggests that Alan work for the owner of the stables, Harry Dalton (Harry Andrews), and Alan agrees. Dysart meets with Dalton who tells him that he first held Alan to be a model worker, since he kept the stables immaculately clean and groomed the horses, including one named "Nugget." Through Dysart's questioning, it becomes clear that Alan is erotically fixated on Nugget (or 'Equus') and secretly takes him for midnight rides, bareback and naked. Alan also envisions himself as a king, on the godhead Equus, both destroying their enemies. In the climax, Dysart gives Alan a placebo "truth pill" and revealing a tryst with Jill, begins to re-enact the event. Jill, who had taken an interest in Alan, had asked him to take her to a porno theater after he confided in her that he never had sex before and Jill apparently decided to show him "how it's done". While there, they both ran into Frank. Alan was traumatized, particularly when he realized that his father was lying when he tried to justify his presence in the theater. However, this occurrence allows Alan to realize that sex is a natural thing for all men... even his father. Alan walks Jill home after they leave. She convinces Alan to come to the stables with her. Once there, Jill seduces Alan and the two start having wild sex. However, Alan breaks this off when he hears the horses making noises in the stables beneath. Jill tries to ask Alan what the problem is, but he shouts at her to leave. After Jill puts back on her clothes and walks out of the stables, the stark nude Alan begs the horses for forgiveness for having pre-marital sex, as he sees the horses as God-like figures. "Mine!...You're mine!...I am yours and you are mine!" cries Equus through Dysart's voice, but then he becomes threatening: "The Lord thy God is a jealous God," Equus/Dysart seethes, "He sees you, he sees you forever and ever, Alan. He sees you!...He sees you!" Alan screams, "God sees!" and then he says "No more. No more, Equus!" Alan then blinds the six horses in the stable with a steel spike, whose eyes have "seen" his very soul. Dalton is the one who runs in and subdues Alan before calling the police. After finishing his story to the shaken Dysart, Alan is taken away in a straightjacket to a isolation cell of the hospital. The final scene has another monologue by Dysart questioning the fundamentals of his practice and whether or not what he does will actually help Alan, as the effect of his treatment will remove Alan's humanity which includes his intense sexual and religious commitment, and his worship of the horses as well.
tt0343788
Crime,Drama
Set in some small southern California town, The Hillz follows the experiences of a promising athlete named Steve (Jesse Woodrow) and his friends. Steve's three friends, Duff, Seb, and T, all come from wealthy families and spend most of their time getting high, drinking at parties, and harassing Ahkmed, a convenience store clerk. After finding a gun in a girl's house, Duff starts violently pursuing a life of crime with T, the loudmouthed instigator with a Napoleon complex, at his side. After Duff kills a local kid who volunteers at the police department, the story flashes forward one year later with Steve returning home from college after being successful in college baseball. Steve came back to get his dream girl, Heather Smith (Paris Hilton), who told him that if he made it as a baseball player she would consider dating him. Steve runs into Duff's gang. Things spiral out of control for Steve as we learn that Duff and T have become submerged in what they think is one of the hardest gangs ever. Duffy has recently been drafted into the U.S. Army and fears of being sent to Iraq to fight where he might not return. Shortly after Steve joins up with Duff and T, he witnesses them kill a man in broad daylight in the middle of the street over $80. As the story unfolds, it is clear that Heather is being used and abused by her new boyfriend Todd, whom she is reluctant to leave for Steve. Later, Steve convinces Seb, who broke his ties with Duff's crew, to come out and party with Duff and the old gang for a night. Meanwhile, T insults two Korean men by calling them Gooks, who then fire an Uzi into Duff's car, killing Seb. Duff and T are later sold out to a crooked undercover cop and the older brother of the man who was previously shot over $80. They killed T and then a narcotics officer, and his team busted the door down and were all killed. In the final scene, Steve and Duff are driving along the street when a couple of young kids throw rocks at Duff's car causing the two get to out of the car and chase after them. As they get near the kids, one of them turns, pulls a gun, and shoots Duff and Steve, killing them both.
tt0090881
Horror,Thriller
A young woman walks through the hallways of an apartment building, looking for "Mr. Gunther". She walks into a room in the attic and the door closes and locks behind her. Inside the room, she finds rats in cages, as well as a woman (Sally Brown) in cage. Karl Gunther (Klaus Kinski) appears and says of the caged woman: "She can't talk. I cut her tongue off." Karl presses a button and a blade is shoved through the woman's back and sticks out of her chest, killing her. Karl smears some of the dead woman's blood from his finger into an inscribed bullet and loads it into a revolver. He points the gun to his head and the gun clicks. He puts the gun down and says: "So be it." Sometime later, Sophie Fisher (Tan) is in her apartment in the building, which is located in "a big city" somewhere in the USA. A man watches Sophie from her outside window on the ground floor, and Karl is seen also spying on her from behind an air vent. The man crawls through the window and surprises her, but it is only her boyfriend Hank (David Abbott), whom has come to visit her. Hank and Sophie kiss and spend time on her bed as they begin to have sex while Karl continues to watch them. The next day, a man comes to Karl's door of his apartment where he inquires about a vacant apartment advertised in the local newspaper. Karl takes one look at the man and tells him that it has been rented. But seconds after the man leaves, Lori Bancroft (Talia Balsam) enters the small urban apartment building and when she inquires about the vacant apartment, Karl hospitably takes her to it and shows her around the room. Karl introduces himself as the landlord and superintendent of the building and that the apartment was recently vacated by a young woman who disappeared without paying her rent. Karl explains about the building, the neighborhood and of the monthly rent. As Lori looks around the kitchen, Karl turns on the stove and puts his hand over the blue flame while Lori is not looking. Hiding his pain, Karl asks if she will take the apartment. Lori says yes, which prompts Karl to pull his hand away from the flame and shakes her hand with his other one. Later, Karl is back in his secret room in the attic writing in his diary and says that he is addicted to killing for it makes him feel alive. Martha, the tongueless woman in the cage, gives him a note saying: "Please kill me". Karl tells Martha that he cannot because he would have no one to talk to. The following day, Harriet Watkins (Barbara Whinnery), another resident of the apartment complex, arrives at her apartment with some groceries. Karl appears in the hallway and helps her with her bags. Seeing the bandage on his right hand, Harriet is about to ask him what happened and Karl tells her that he accidentally burned himself. Harriet talks to him about "vices" but he seems reluctant to discuss it. Later, all of the women of the building have a get-together to welcome Lori while Karl spies on them from the air vents. He pushes a few buttons on a remote control device and a small door opens in the room and a rat comes out. The women scream and jump up on furniture, but Lori just sits and laughs at it all. Back in her apartment, Lori hears clicking sounds and goes to Karl's front door. She tells him about the sounds, and he says that its probably just rats. In his diary, Karl writes of once being a doctor, practicing euthanasia ("mercy killing") and being ashamed at himself when learning, after reading his father's secret diary, that the Nazis used the same word when killing Jews. Karl plays Russian roulette with his gun hoping to someday kill himself to end his killing spree with what little morality he has left. A little later, Sophie is in her apartment playing her piano and singing, while Karl watches her from outside her window. He ducks away when he sees Hank. Hank notices Karl nearby and correctly assuming that he is also spying on Sophie, he moves in with a switchblade, while Karl pulls out a switchblade knife of his own. Later, Karl is back in his apartment where he puts two eyeballs into a jar of formaldehyde. He goes to his back room, points the gun at his head and pulls the trigger and it clicks. He tries the gun again and gets another click. "So be it," says Karl. A few days later, Josef Steiner (Kenneth Robert Shippy) arrives at the building and goes to Karl's front door. When Karl answers, Steiner claims that he has been searing for Karl for almost three years. Karl reluctantly lets him inside, and Steiner calls him a murderer. He says that in the five years that Karl was the chief resident at a hospital in Buenos Aires, Argentina, 67 people under his care (all with routine illnesses) died, one of them being Steiner's brother. Steiner shows a photograph of Karl's father to him, dressed in a Nazi SS uniform, and some papers where Karl's father described instruments of torture for concentration camps and was executed over 30 years ago for "crimes against humanity". Karl tells Steiner to leave, and the man brings out a photograph of a young Karl, saluting in a Nazi uniform. When he is alone, Karl weeps. Later, Karl writes more in his diary about accidentally killing a healthy patient when he was a resident at a hospital in Nazi Germany in the early 1940s, and feeling no remorse. He began to understand the feelings that his equally sociopath father wrote about: it was god-like to the able to give life and then take it away. In his crawlspace by the vent, Karl spies on Jessica Marlow (Carl Francis), a local soap opera actress, who arrives back at her apartment with her boyfriend Alfred Lassiter (Jack Hiller). Karl begins to make clicking sounds in the vent by hitting his knife on a steel ball, and continues doing so after Jessica and Alfred are in bed having sex. Karl hears a sudden, sharp scream and he quickly crawls away and back into his apartment only to see that a pet cat of his had inadvertently set off one of his traps, leaving only a detached tail behind. "Sorry, kitty", says Karl. Back in Jessica's apartment, Alfred becomes irritated by the clicking sounds and leaves. He hears something outside the hall and goes into Karl's room. A little later, Karl is seen putting a severed finger (with Alfred's class ring on it) into another jar of formaldehyde. As Lori is preparing to take a bath, she hears clicks, and a large rat jumps out at her from the vent in the bathroom. She goes to Karl's front door and knocks but there is no answer. In his room, Karl crawls back and is setting up another trap, pushing a button on the arm of a chair and a spear shoots up from the seat. Another few days later, Steiner goes to Lori's apartment and tries getting information from her about Karl and how much she knows about him. Karl overhears them from his crawlspace behind the air vent and loads a dart gun and prepares to use it to shoot Steiner, but he changes his mind (surmising that it would not be painful enough). Lori asks the nosy Steiner to leave. He then heads up to Karl's door which is open and lets himself inside. Steiner sees swinging steel balls hanging from the ceiling. He sits in a chair and reads from Karl's diary. Karl appears in the room asking what he is doing. Steiner sees him, turns, and accidentally sets off the chair trap. Looking distraught, Karl runs to his back room, loads a single bullet into the revolver, spins it, and pulls the trigger three times only to get three clicks. "So be it," says Karl. He then goes up to his secret room in the attic and runs a film projector showing a movie of Hitler and the Nazis at a political rally. Karl proclaims: "I am my own god, my own jury, and my own executioner". He puts on an old SS uniform with a Nazi cap, looks at himself in a mirror and salutes: "Hail, Gunther!" He decides that now is the time to kill everyone who knows about him before the police show up looking for Steiner and the other murder victims. Later that same night, Lori returns home to her apartment and finds live rats in her refrigerator. Just then, Karl phones her where he tells her to look in her bathtub. Lori enters her bathroom and finds a dead Steiner floating in the blood-stained water with a swastika carved on his forehead. Lori runs out and sees Karl standing outside her window, wearing his Nazi uniform, with his face decorated up looking pasty white complete with blood red lipstick. He is hitting a small steel ball with a knife. Lori tries to run, but steel bars come down before her in the hallway, preventing her from running out of the building. Lori knocks on Sophie's door, forces it open, and finds Sophie dead, sitting at her piano having set off one of Karl's traps. Lori also finds Harriet dead in her apartment too from another one of Karl's traps. Lori runs upstairs to the secret room in the attic and looks for a place to hide. She finds Martha in her cage who points Lori to a hanging key. Lori tries to unlock the cage, but the two women hear Karl coming towards the front door. Martha points Lori to one of the crawlspace entrances in the floor, but that it is booby trapped. Lori takes off one of her sneakers and puts it in the entrance frame on the floor where a sensor activated blade slices off the top of the sneaker. With the trap sprung, Lori is able to enter the crawlspace and begins searching for a way to escape. Karl enters the room and releases a cage of rats into the crawlspace. Lori crawls around to evade the rats and goes to another crawlspace exit only to find herself in Jessica's apartment with a dead Jessica hanging from the ceiling after being caught in another of Karl's booby traps. Karl gets inside the crawlspace and begins crawling after Lori, and eventually speeds after her with a wheeled grate kept in the crawlspace. Lori manages to make it back to Karl's room again and gets Martha out of her cage with the key. Karl crawls out of the crawlspace and hides. Just then, Lori and Martha hear a reaction from Karl. They find Karl with a blade sticking from his chest before he collapses. Lori and Martha run out of the room. Karl's eyes begin to move, and he removes the "blade" from his chest. (This act was staged by Karl apparently to try to lure Lori or Martha close enough so he could kill them... which did not work.) Lori and Martha enter Karl's apartment where they see a phone. When Lori picks up the phone to call the police, she and Martha notice Karl standing in the doorway with a knife. As he approaches the two women, Lori sees the revolver that Karl plays Russian roulette with and grabs it. She points it at him and the gun clicks several times until finally there is a gunshot. "So be it," says Karl.
tt0072251
Action,Crime,Thriller
In New York City, four heavily armed men with code names (Mr. Blue, Mr. Green, Mr. Grey, and Mr. Brown), wearing disguises of eyeglasses, fedora hats, and fake moustashes, board at different station stops (the Green Line at 59th Street, Grey Line at 51st Street, Brown Line at Grand Central, and finally Blue Line at 28th Street) on the Pelham 123 subway train run of the 6 Lexington Avenue Local service. The men take the train, securing a group of hostages, whom they isolate in one car of the train, then disconnect this car from the rest of the train. Meanwhile, Lieutenant Zachary Garber (Walter Matthau), a cynical and curmudgeonly yet light-hearted New York City Transit Authority police lieutenant, begins his day by leading four visiting Tokyo Metro directors on a tour of New York's subway command-center. This is interrupted by Blue's radio announcement to the command center that "your train has been taken." Blue (Robert Shaw), the British-accented leader of the hijackers, tells Garber they are demanding a ransom of one million dollars, to be delivered to them within one hour; otherwise they will kill one passenger per minute, starting when the hour has passed. Garber, the sarcastic Lieutenant Rico Patrone (Jerry Stiller), and other transit workers cooperate while trying to guess how the criminals intend to escape the subway tunnel and get away. Various clues soon surface for Garber to figure out, first with his hearing Blue's very distinctive English accent over the radio. It later turns out that Blue was a ruthless British mercenary, and Green (Martin Balsam) is a former transit worker who from time to time sneezes over the radio and is heard by Garber, who responds by saying "Gesundheit." Garber also learns that one of the hostages is an undercover police officer. The mayor finally agrees to pay the ransom at the urging of his deputy mayor. The police dispatch a squad car carrying the ransom money. When the car is wrecked in a collision, Garber daringly bluffs to buy some time, telling the takers that the money already has been delivered to the 28th Street Station and only the walk down the tunnel is delaying it. A reluctant Blue agrees to the delay. A police motorcycle completes the trip from the scene of the collision to the subway station and two unarmed officers are sent down the track on foot to deliver the money to the hijackers. With the money finally in hand, the hijackers demand that electric power be restored to the subway line, and that all signals in the path of the train be turned green from 28th Street to the South Ferry station, both of these being necessary for the car to move. Having overridden the subway car's dead-man's switch, which would otherwise ensure its stopping unless someone remained at the throttle, the hijackers get off the train and set it in motion. As the train starts to move, the undercover officer also jumps off the train and hides between the rails. The car begins to travel faster and faster, since no one is controlling its speed. Outside the tunnel, Garber and Inspector Daniels are convinced that the runaway train is a diversion and that the hijackers must have left the train. The hijackers divide the ransom money, discard their disguises, and start their escape into the tunnel's emergency exit; however, Grey refuses to leave his gun behind as agreed and is shot dead by Blue. The undercover officer, still hiding in the tracks, manages to kill Brown with one shot. Green escapes onto the street. Garber arrives after Green has gotten away and, drawing on Blue, orders him to surrender just as Blue is about to shoot the undercover officer. Blue asks Garber if the death penalty is available in the state of New York anymore. Told that it is not, Blue responds, "Pity", then promptly electrocutes himself by stepping onto the third rail while a horrified Garber watches. Entering the South Ferry Loop, the runaway car finally encounters a red signal. The car's emergency brakes are tripped and it grinds to a halt; the remaining hostages are all safe. Green, the only hijacker to escape, has left as a clue only Garber's surmise that one of the hijackers must be an ex-motorman of the New York Transit Authority (owing to the hijackers' knowledge of the car's operation). With the dead three all identified, Garber realizes that the hijacker still at large must be the former transit employee. Garber and Patrone, working their way through a list of former motormen "discharged for cause" (and, by implication, disgruntled), pay a visit to Harold Longman. Longman, known to the audience as Mr. Green, is shown rolling in the packs of ransom money on the bed in his seedy efficiency apartment when Garber and Patrone knock on his door. He hides the money quickly, then opens to the officers and bluffs his way through their questioning. The officers find Longman's alibi weak, but start out the door, until Longman sneezes and Garber says "Gesundheit." Garber then re-opens the door, the expression on his face in the door opening (the film's final frame) telling the audience that he knows he has just found the final hijacker.
tt0114594
Comedy,Crime
Guy, an ambitious would-be screenwriter, works as an assistant to demanding boss Buddy Ackerman. Guy tries to cater to Buddy's ever-more capricious demands until he decides he's been pushed too far in what can best be described as an cynical if canny black comedy.
tt0466816
Drama,Mystery,Romance
Hallam Foe lives in in the Scottish countryside in a house with his father and his new stepmother, Verity. Hallam's mother died some time ago, and Hallam hasn't recovered. He spends his days mostly secluded in a tree house and spying on his surroundings. When Hallam's sister leaves home, their father suggests Hallam should find work and start a life on his own. Hallam refuses, and when he discovers a boat on the bottom of the lake he instead becomes obsessed with the details of his mother's death. His father reveals that she took her own life, but Hallam becomes convinced that Verity had something to do with it. In a pivotal scene, Verity discovers Hallam's diaries and uses them to pressure him into leaving, but only after she has sex with him in the tree house. Hallam leaves for Edinburgh without leaving word. He has no money and nowhere to stay, but on his second day he sees a woman in the street, Kate, whose resemblance to his mother makes him follow her to her work in the office of a large hotel. He persuades her to give him a job as a kitchen porter, and so he has a start. He also keeps following Kate, and echoing his experiences from the woods at home, starts to spy on her through her windows from the roof, or with binoculars from the clock tower of the hotel, and even breaks into her flat. He witnesses her sexual relationship with Alasdair, a senior employee at the hotel. By coincidence, Alasdair also discovers Hallam's spying activities and tries to fire him, but Hallam threatens to expose Alasdair's affair; he is, after all, a married man. Instead, Kate helps Hallam win the position of front-of-house porter, and after drinks on his birthday she even asks him home with her, and they seem to be starting a romantic relationship. However, the next day, when he sees Alasdair harassing Kate on her way into her flat, Hallam comes in through the window to fight him off, thereby revealing his habit of spying on her. She throws him out, of course, but she eventually lets him explain his whole situation, and they find common sympathy. Hallam's father and his wife have tracked Hallam down and come to the hotel to meet him. They want to sell off land and need Hallam's approval. He still insists Verity is responsible for his mother's death, and has even reported her to the police to no avail. Soon after, strongly affected by grief and pain, he goes back to his childhood home to seek out Verity, gags and ties her, carries her to the lake and throws her in the water. At the last minute he regrets his action and pulls her back out. Hallam's father, sickly and unable to defend his wife, finally tells Hallam the truth and asks him to blame him rather than Verity: Hallam's mother had been suicidal for a long time and on the day she died, it was because he had simply given up trying to stop her. Knowing the truth, Hallam can finally hope to find peace. Back in Edinburgh, he goes to see Kate. They talk, but she turns him away, saying she hopes to meet him again later in life. Hallam walks away, smiling.
tt0087365
Adventure,Drama
Scotland, 1885. The young John Clayton of the house of Greystoke (Paul Geoffrey) plans a voyage to Africa, to one of the colonies near the coast, along with his pregnant wife, Alice (Cheryl Campbell). John bids farewell to his father, the Sixth Earl of Greystoke (Ralph Richardson). Months later, off the coast of Equatorial West Africa, we see the remnants of a shipwreck, the very one chartered by Clayton. He and his wife have survived the wreck, but are now marooned in the jungle. They set up a house in the trees using timber and decking from the ship. Alice soon gives birth to their baby, a son named Jonathan Jr., but develops a severe fever soon after. During her sickness, Clayton writes in his journal of the difficulties in caring for his ill wife and their baby. Alice's breast milk becomes virulent and she deteriorates further. One day, Clayton checks on his wife to find her dead. As he weeps over her body, a large primate called White Eyes, leader of a nearby clan of apes, enters the home. Petrified, Clayton lunges for his gun but is quickly overtaken by the ape and killed when the ape charges him and beats him to death. Several other apes from the clan enter the house and begin to curiously inspect the house. A female named Kala, mate of the ape Silverbeard, enters the home carrying the body of her recently deceased baby. When she discovers John Jr. crying in his crib, she drops her baby's lifeless body and claims John as her own. She flees the house with the rest of the apes as one of them accidentally discharges Clayton's revolver while examining it. John (at age five Danny Potts) grows, brought up as an ape with the assumed name of Tarzan, but falls under constant persecution from White Eyes, who considers him an outsider because of his hairless skin. Despite trying hard to fit in, Tarzan's human attributes prove beneficial to him. Sipping water from a stream with a peer, Droopy Ears, Tarzan is forced into the water when the two are attacked by a leopard. Tarzan's friend is killed but he finds that he has the ability to swim to safety, whereas the apes would have normally stayed out of the water. Later (at age 12 Eric Langlois), Tarzan eventually discovers the home his human mother and father built. He finds his mother's locket which contains pictures of the Claytons, though Tarzan does not recognize them. He also finds his father's dagger and finds that it can be used as a weapon. He fashions a belt for himself and carries the dagger with him. While foraging for food, Kala is attacked and shot with arrows by a native hunting tribe. Tarzan rushes to her rescue and tries to fight off the attackers. One of the hunters, wielding a spear, lunges at Tarzan who dodges the point as it hits his already dying mother. The blow finishes Kala and Tarzan, in a rage, breaks the man's back over his shoulder. As he crouches over Kala's body, Tarzan begins to moan and scream, a mournful sound heard by the rest of the hunters. Many years later another hunting party, this time English, enters the jungle near Tarzan's home. The party is led by the vicious Major Jack Downing (Nigel Davenport), a game hunter who's been charged with bringing primates back to Britain, alive or dead, to be studied or stuffed for museum displays. Among the party are Capitaine Phillippe d'Arnot (Ian Holm) and Sir Evelyn Bount (John Wells), both contemptuous of Downing's sadism. They find the Clayton home and set up camp but are later attacked by a native tribe. Downing is killed immediately along with most of the guides. D'Arnot is wounded when an arrow pierces his lower abdomen. He manages to escape the fray but is followed by a few natives. He loses them as he hides in a large tree and, shortly after pulling the arrow from his body, is found by an adult Tarzan (Christopher Lambert) and a few apes. Tarzan brings d'Arnot to the ape camp and tends to his wounds, much to White Eyes' disapproval. Tarzan also fends off the curiosity of his fellow apes while d'Arnot recovers. During this time he discovers that Tarzan is a talented mimic who can imitate most of the animals in the jungle along with d'Arnot's mumblings. One day, Tarzan begins to hum the same tune d'Arnot does. When d'Arnot finds that Tarzan has the ability to speak, he is delighted and teaches Tarzan rudimentary English. Tarzan shows d'Arnot the locket and takes him to the Clayton home where he found it. There, d'Arnot discovers Tarzan's ancestry from John Sr.'s journal and resolves to bring Tarzan (whom d'Arnot now calls "Jean"; the French pronunciation of "John") home to his family in England. However, Tarzan's first priority is to gain leadership of the ape tribe. Having been persecuted by White Eyes his entire life, Tarzan challenges the older ape to a showdown. The two engage in a vicious fight that continues through the jungle while d'Arnot and the other apes look on. Tarzan and White Eyes fall into a large pool and disappear under water. White Eyes appears at the surface revealing a large stab wound in his body. Tarzan emerges from the water victorious and is respectfully greeted by the other apes as their leader. D'Arnot continues to educate Tarzan, though he is met with resistance at first. Tarzan finds it difficult to easily discard his ape upbringing. Eventually, d'Arnot decides that John is civilized enough to return to the world & takes him out to a small settlement on the edge of the jungle where they make their way, by boat, back to England. Upon their return, John is brought to the home of his grandfather, the Sixth Earl of Greystoke, who is deteriorating a bit from age and exhibits some eccentric behavior, presumably from the loss of his son and daughter-in-law. Lord Greystoke welcomes his grandson, though sometimes forgetting that he is not his son returned. John meets Lord Greystoke's young ward, Jane Porter (Andie MacDowell), who is visiting from America and is engaged to another man. Finding it difficult to be seen as anything but a novelty in a social sense, and with his behavior seen as threatening and savage, John falls into a depression. His mood is lifted slightly when he befriends a mentally disabled worker on the Greystoke estate and, while in his company, is able to relax and act naturally. Jane takes it upon herself to teach John more English, French, and social skills such as table manners and dancing. The two become very close and develop feelings for one another, making love one evening in secret. Eventually, Jane leaves her fiance with the intent to marry John. During a large ball honoring John's return to the family, Lord Greystoke sneaks away from the crowd, appearing to enjoy a renewed vigor at the return of his grandson. Reminiscing of a childhood game he used to play, he uses a silver tray as a toboggan and slides down the grand staircase, only to crash into the railing at the bottom. John discovers him and holds his grandfather as he dies in his arms, apparently of a head injury. John reacts similarly as he did to Kala's death, devastated and confused by the loss and frustrated with his displacement in society. John is later on hand to cut the ribbon for a new wing at the Natural History Museum -- his grandfather was the chief benefactor. Bothered by the exhibits of preserved animals, John sneaks away into an alley and comes across an institute for the study of primates next to the museum. When he enters the lab he discovers, to his horror, several small monkeys and a gorilla that have been dissected. Several other primates are kept alive in cages, the largest of which contains an ape who John immediately recognizes as his adoptive father, Silverbeard. John frees him and the other primates and escapes. At the museum, Jane, d'Arnot, and Blount are informed by the police that John is running through the streets with an ape. John runs to a park where he and Silverbeard climb a tree as they are surrounded by police and a crowd. When Jane, d'Arnot, and Blount arrive, Blount gives the word to a rifleman who fatally shoots Silverbeard. John becomes enraged and sad, yelling that the ape was his father from Africa. That night, everyone discusses what is to be done with the distraught John. Jane and d'Arnot agree that he should be sent back to Africa. Because of the dual nature in his mind, he cannot adapt to life in the civilized world. Blount disagrees, stating that John is the last surviving member of the Greystoke family and that the legacy must be secured for the future. Suddenly, they hear John screaming and see him driving a team of horses around the circle outside. When he comes in, covered in mud, Blount assertively tells him that he must resume his life as a Scot Lord. John growls and forces Blount into a chair. He presses a hand to Blount's chest and tells him, "One half of me is Greystoke. The other half is wild!" John is taken back to Africa. At the waterfall in his former territory, he quickly meets another gorilla and runs off into the rainforest, while Jane and d'Arnot watch him leave.
tt0085980
Comedy
The movie opens with scenes of an all-women's aerobics class juxtaposed with a classroom of students taking an examination. The movie's two protagonists are featured in these scenes, with Terry Green (Caren Kaye) participating in the aerobics and Bobby Chrystal (Matt Lattanzi) taking, not very well it turns out, his last high school final, in French. At first, Bobby's main goal for the summer before college appears to be losing his virginity, if not with his unrequited high school crush, Bonnie (Amber Denyse Austin) who dates a college student, then with any takers. Soon, though, the poor results of the French final are in, and Bobby must take a make-up examination and score at least a B (85%) in order to retain his acceptance at his father's alma mater, Yale University. Bobby's father, Mr. Chrystal (Kevin McCarthy), hires Terry, a skilled 30-year-old French tutor, to live in the Chrystal home during the summer and work with Bobby on passing his exam. In addition to her normal compensation, Mr. Chrystal offers to give Terry a bonus payment of $10,000 should Bobby pass. Terry agrees. Terry and Bobby begin working together but Bobby's lack of interest in both French and Yale soon become apparent. His real goal, he tells Terry, is to attend UCLA and study his true passion, astronomy. Terry is sympathetic but reminds Bobby that wherever he ends up going to college, he will need to pass his French final. With Terry's help, Bobby begins to make some progress. At night, after she thinks everyone in the Chrystal home is asleep, Terry uses the family's pool to skinny dip. However, Bobby sees her one night and begins watching her regularly (especially after several unsuccessful attempts by his friends and him to have sex with women in increasingly bizarre situations). After one such evening, Bobby follows Terry back to her room, only to have her sneak up behind him and surprise him. Terry gently admonishes Bobby for spying on her but it is clear that they have a mutual attraction. Terry, however, has begun seeing a former boyfriend again, much to Bobby's displeasure. After yet another evening out with his friends, Bobby returns home to find an upset Terry, who had earlier discovered her boyfriend again cheating on her. They talk briefly and Terry later heads to the pool for her regular swim. Once she completes her lap she sees Bobby waiting for her at the end of the pool. Terry reacts by pulling Bobby into the pool with her and kissing him. Returning to Terry's room together, the two have sex and thus starting an intence love affair. At dawn, Bobby manages to sneak back to his own bedroom where he makes it seem to his father that he has been studying all night. The affair between Bobby and Terry progresses until the summer's end approaches and he has to take his French examination. Despite Terry's attempts to keep their relationship casual, Bobby has developed serious feelings for Terry and resists her insistence that the affair end once he takes his exam. Matters worsen when Mr. Chrystal, who himself lusts for Terry, sees his son and Terry kissing one night. After Bobby successfully passes the test with a score of an A (91%), Mr. Chrystal reveals to Bobby his promise to pay Terry the $10,000 bonus, implying that Terry's affection for Bobby was driven by greed. Bobby reacts by angrily telling his father that he will be attending UCLA, and not Yale, and storming out to find Terry. Once he finds her, he confronts her with what he has learned, calling her a hooker, leading Terry to slap him and deny his accusation. Afterward, Bobby seeks out Bonnie, his old crush, and, using his new-found confidence with women, is able to persuade her to begin dating him. In the final scene, Terry prepares to leave the Chrystal home and Bobby approaches her to say good-bye. He begins by apologizing to her for his rash accusations and then telling her that he will forget her. Terry tells him matter-of-factly that he will never forget her. The two share one last kiss, and Terry drives off. Bobby happily leaps into the air, looking forward to the rest of his life.
tt0100828
Crime,Drama,Mystery
In post-war Los Angeles there is an incriminating wire recording of a tryst that isn't supposed to be fatal. It is recorded by LA private detective J.J. "Jake" Gittes for his client: real estate developer of B&B Homes "Jake" Berman, to 'incriminate' Berman's 'unfaithful' wife Kitty who is having an affair in the Bird of Paradise Motel in Redondo Beach with Berman's own real estate business associate Bodine. Berman shoots Mark Bodine in cold-blood as he flees into the motel's bathroom. In the tape recording, a mysterious reference to Katherine Mulwray between the two adulterers stirs up memories of the past for Gittes. (Katherine Mulwray, the blonde teen aged daughter of the earlier film's tragically-killed heroine Evelyn Mulwray, Jake's former client and lover, was sired by incestuous rape by her tycoon father Noah Cross.) It is revealed that Gittes has been set up in the murder-for-profit scheme. The murder cannot be considered justifiable homicide because Berman deliberately killed his partner-he had a gun conveniently planted under a chair delivered to the room-in order to commit premeditated murder of Bodine, a capital crime. For business reasons, partner Bodine's will excludes his sexpot widowed wife, Lillian Bodine and named "surviving partner" Berman the sole beneficiary of B&B Homes' enormously profitable real estate business (tract housing in San Fernando Valley). Her attorney Chuck Newty states that she is entitled to her husband's wealth if the murder could be proven to be premeditated. Did Berman plan the murder with his wife Kitty in order to collect money from the deceased partner's share? If true, this would also make Gittes an unwitting accomplice to murder. During convoluted developments in the plot, Gittes discoveres that Berman's tract housing sub development, located in an orange grove (the same irrigated location that Gittes visited in the original film), is also being surreptitiously drilled for its vast underground resources by greedy oil baron Earl Rawley, Bodine's business associate. In a preliminary court public hearing regarding the recording, the tape is played, but the evidence is obviously tampered with by Gittes to hide Berman's cold-blooded guilt and to protect Mrs. Berman. Red-haired Kitty is actually the elusive blonde Katherine Mulwray- which Gittes figures out when he realizes that she dyed her hair red. Through various legal and title documents, Katherine is shown to be the original owner of the orange grove and of the mineral rights to the subdivision land, but is forced to sign over a quit-claim deed to the land only to criminal nightclub owner Michael 'Mickey Nice' Weisskopf, Berman's gangster associate, on July 17, 1946. Bodine was blackmailing Berman about the real identity of his wife, threatening to expose her if she didn't sign over the mineral rights-and Bodine was also, as Berman jealously admitted, engaged in a real affair. That was the real motivation in killing Bodine. Gittes perjures himself in court to protect the daughter of the woman that he was unable to protect. Berman also divulges to Gittes that he is terminally ill (with advanced syphilis viewed on X-rays and under a microscope, unsuccessfully treated with radium implants which are also causing cancer)-but has not told his wife Kitty about his condition. To ensure that she would definitely inherit his real-estate fortune (his intention all along)-he deliberately and suicidally blows himself up and ends his life in one of the development's tract homes by lighting a cigarette in the volatile, natural gas-filled environment after a shaky earthquake. In the final scene, Gittes speaks to Kitty/Katherine about their mutual pasts as she leaves his office, in the final line: "It (the past) never goes away" (Jake's belated answer to her earlier question: "Does it ever go away, the past?").
tt0097289
Comedy,Adventure,Fantasy
A spoof of Norse mythology. Erik (Tim Robbins), a young Viking, has no taste for rape and pillage, and suffers guilt over the death of Helga (Samantha Bond), an innocent woman killed during an attack on a village by Erik and other Vikings. The wise woman Freya (Eartha Kitt) teaches Erik that Fenrir the wolf has swallowed the sun, plunging the world into the grip of the age of Ragnark. Erik resolves to travel to Asgard to petition the gods to end Ragnark. To do so he must seek the "Horn Resounding" in the land of Hy-Brasil. The first note blown upon the Horn will take Erik and his crew to Asgard, the second awakens the gods, and the third brings the crew home. Swordmakers Keitel Blacksmith (Gary Cady) and his assistant Loki (Antony Sher) are opposed to Erik's plan, because peace would end the demand for weapons. Keitel joins Erik's crew planning to sabotage Erik's plans. Halfdan the Black (John Cleese) joins them, afraid that peace will mean the end of his reign, and sets sail in pursuit. Arriving at Hy-Brasil, Erik and crew are astonished to find it a sunlit land whose people are friendly (if musically untalented). Erik falls in love with Princess Aud (Imogen Stubbs), daughter of King Arnulf (Terry Jones). Aud warns the Vikings that should blood ever be shed upon Hy-Brasil, the entire island would sink beneath the waves. Erik and his crew defend Hy-Brasil against Halfdan's ship. In gratitude for Erik's having saved Hy-Brasil, King Arnulf presents him with the Horn Resounding. Loki steals the Horn's mouthpiece to prevent it from being sounded, and persuades Keitel to throw it in the sea. Snorri, one of Erik's men, catches them in the act, and Loki kills him. A single drop of the man's blood falls from Loki's dagger, triggering an earthquake that causes the island to begin sinking. Erik's crew, joined by Aud, prepare to escape in their ship with the Horn safely aboard, but Arnulf refuses to join them, denying that the island is sinking up to the very moment he and the other islanders are swallowed by the waves. Aud, who was able to recover the mouthpiece by chance, sounds the first note on the Horn. The ship is propelled over the edge of the flat Earth and into space, coming to rest upon the plain of Asgard. Erik sounds the second note to awaken the gods, and he and his crew approach the great Hall of Valhalla. Erik and the crew encounter old friends and enemies slain in battle. The gods are revealed to be petulant children who have no interest in answering mortal prayers. Odin persuades Fenrir to spit out the sun, but tells Erik that the end of Ragnark will not bring peace to the world. Odin then informs Erik that he and his crew cannot return home. Nor may they remain in Valhalla, since they were not slain in battle; instead they are to be cast into the fiery Pit of Hel. Some of the Vikings who were killed in the sea-battle with Halfdan attempt to save them, but even as they are drawn into the Pit, they hear the Horn Resounding's third note, which flings them clear. Erik's crew, including the formerly dead men, immediately find themselves back in their home village. They are dismayed to find that Halfdan and his soldiers have arrived before them and are holding the villagers captive. Halfdan and his men are crushed to death by Erik's ship as it falls out of the sky with Harald aboard. As the villagers celebrate Erik's return and Halfdan's defeat, the sun rises, ending the age of Ragnark.
tt0085780
Drama,Fantasy,Horror
The prized possession in my video collection is my copy of 'The Keep' . For those as yet unaware of the treat awaiting them, The Keep portrays a time worn castle in hallowed Eastern Europe captured by German SS forces during World War II. The brutality and greed of the German occupying forcesAs a movie it has the ability to transcend its populist graphic imagery with an undercurrent of empathy that allowed me to identify with the evil occupant of the
tt0833557
Comedy,Drama,Sci-Fi
George Washington Winsterhammerman lives an ordinary life. He has a wife, a kid, a house and a boat. Every day George gets in his minivan and goes to work as a Level Three Tunt at the Jeffers Corporation, the largest and most profitable corporation in the history of humankind. Though he lives an utterly comfortable life, George is growing nervous. People around him have begun explodingliterally. Fearing he might be next, George visits his doctor and learns that his recurring dreams are a symptom of impending explosion. Unfortunately, George cant stop dreaming, and as the explosion epidemic worsens, he is forced to question the life hes been living. This quirky and distinctive story, utterly original in every way, features inspired casting, particularly with acclaimed actor and comedian Zach Galifianakis as George. He is joined by the delightful Judy Greer and terrific indie mainstay James LeGros. VISIONEERS, the debut film from the sibling filmmaking team of Brandon and Jared Drake, offers a darkly comic view of a world so skewed it can't help but remind us of our own. [D-Man2010] First time feature filmmaker Jared Drake makes his directorial debut with this quirky black comedy set in the near future, and concerning a curious spike in cases of spontaneous human combustion. The Jeffers Corporation is the largest business in the history of mankind, and they got that way thanks to their strict philosophy of happiness through mindless productivity. But when people begin literally exploding due to unhappiness, Jeffers Corporation Level Three TUNT George Washington Winsterhammerman (Zach Galifianakis) begins to fear that his time will come sooner rather than later. [D-Man2010] George lives a comfortable yet completely uneventful life, and when he starts having dreams in which hes the first President of the United States, his doctor informs him that they could be signs of impending explosion. Later, as the dreams become more frequent and his co-workers continue to detonate, George is prompted to reevaluate his mundane existence. Judy Greer, Missi Pyle, and James LeGros co-star in an existential black comedy featuring music by Tim DeLaughter of the Polyphonic Spree. [D-Man2010]
tt0082118
Horror
At Camp Blackfoot, five boy campers decide to frighten the caretaker, Cropsy (Lou David). The group heads over to his cabin with a box, and one boy goes inside, puts the box down, lights something and walks out. They rap on the window until Cropsy wakes up, and sees a wormy skull with lit candles in the eye sockets. He screams and inadvertently knocks over the skull, setting the bed afire and burning a nearby gasoline can which explodes, spreading flames all over the cabin. Cropsy runs out, engulfed in flames, and falls down a small incline into the nearby lake. One week later, at St. Catherine's hospital, an orderly takes a nebbish intern to see a man, badly burnt, who was lucky to survive. As the orderly stands by the curtain to an oxygen tent, Cropsy's charred hand grabs the orderly, who screams in terror. Five years later, Cropsy is released from the hospital, apparently very disfigured from the scorching episode. Cropsy walks the streets at night, dressed in all black clothing with a hat and hiding in the shadows so no one will get a clear look at his face. A prostitute standing by the entrance to a seedy apartment building offers to take him inside. Cropsy enters the prostitute's apartment (being careful to turn out the lights before he enters). As she is preparing, Cropsy gets close and the terrified hooker tells him to leave after seeing his (still unseen) disfigured face. Cropsy struggles with the prostitute, grabs a pair of scissors, and stabs the hooker to death. Several days later at Camp Stonewater, several of the campers are playing baseball, Cropsy is glimpsed crouching in the bushes armed with a pair of garden sheers, but he does not intervene. That evening in the cafeteria, one of the campers, Karen (Carolyn Houlihan) tells the counselor Michelle (Leah Ayres) that she likes the camper Eddy, but she is a little frightened of him because of his macho nature. The next morning, another camper named Sally (Carrick Glenn) wakes up and goes to shower. While showering, she hears a noise and screams "who's there?" She throws back the shower curtain and screams. Michelle, Karen, and the rest of the girls from her cabin run in and they see Alfred (Brian Backer) running away. Coucelor Todd (Brian Matthews) stops Alfred and has a serious talk with him in his office. Alfred says that he just wanted to scare Sally and that people are always picking on him. Todd says that he knows how Alfred feels because, five years ago, when Todd was a camper at a nearby summer camp, he and several of his friends were sent home from camp for a practical joke that went wrong. A little later, Glazer (Larry Joshua), Sally's brutish boyfriend, warns Alfred to stay away from his girl. Later, the campers are swimming in the lake when Glazer pushes Alfred off the dock and into the water. One of Alfred's friends, Dave (Jason Alexander) jumps in and helps Alfred out because he cannot swim. Dave, Woodstock (Fisher Stevens), Eddy (Ned Eisenberg) and Fish (J.R. McKechnie) help Alfred get revenge against Glazer. Woodstock shoots Glazer in the butt with an air pistol while he is on a raft trying to woo Sally. In the cabin that night, Cropsy is hanging around and spying on the campers when Alfred reacts when he sees Cropsy's at the window. But the other campers don't see anything. Glazer asks Fish to buy some condoms from him for his upcoming intimate time with Sally, while Dave and Woodstock play cards. In the cafeteria, the head counselor talks to Michelle, Todd, and the rest of the campers about a three-day canoe trip to Devil's Creek, several miles downriver from the camp. The next day, a large group of campers are out canoeing. At night, around a campfire, Todd tells the story of Cropsy the caretaker. He mentions the prank and that Cropsy survives in the woods, killing animals and eating them raw. Eddy jumps out in a mask and scares everyone. Later, after everyone has gone to sleep for the night, Eddy and Karen take a walk to a nearby small lake where they begin kissing. Karen seems doubtful about wanting to have sex with Eddy, and he decides to skinny dip in the lake. When Karen joins him and remains unsure about his true intentions, Eddy grows angry, and Karen leaves. She finds her clothes scattered around the trees. While looking for them, Karen is attacked and killed by Cropsy who slashes her throat with a pair of garden shears. The next morning, Todd and Michelle ask Eddy where Karen is and he says that he does not know. Soon, they learn that all the canoes are missing, and Todd finally decides that the group needs to construct a makeshift raft to get back to their camp. After helping cutting down some small trees, the group manages to finish the raft. Glazer goes off with Sally to make out with her while Alfred spies on them. Eddy, Woodstock, Fish, and two of the female campers Marnie (Bonnie Deroski) and Rhoda (Ame Segull) leave on the raft to row back to camp. After paddling up river for a few miles, they see one of their canoes and row towards it. But when they reach their canoe (in the movie's most shocking and violently horrific scene) Cropsy, crouched inside waiting, leaps out onto the raft and, in a matter of seconds, slashes, chops, and dismembers all five campers to death. That evening, unaware of the massacre on the raft, Todd and the others wait for help to arrive. Glazer and Sally go off in a sleeping bag for a remote part of the woods for sex. Despite the unsatisfying moments of intimacy, they decide to stay for another. Glazer goes back to the main campsite to get matches to light a fire. While he is gone, Cropsy attacks Sally. Glazer gets the matches, and Alfred gets out of his sleeping bag to follow Glazer to watch him and Sally have sex. Glazer returns to the sleeping bag to find Sally dead, and he is killed by Cropsy who impales him by his neck onto a tree with the shears. Alfred runs back to the campsite to tell Todd that Glazer is dead and the "man with the horrible face" did it. Todd reluctantly follows Alfred back to the site where they find the dead and bloody Glazer and Sally. Cropsy jumps out from behind a tree and swipes at Todd with the shears, nicking him in his forehead. Alfred screams and runs away into the woods with Cropsy in pursuit. Todd wakes up and stumbles off into the woods. The next day, the campers see the raft return as it floats down towards them. Michelle swims out to the raft and finds various parts of the campers on the raft, including the dead and mutilated Woodstock. Todd returns to the camp and tells Michelle and the six remaining campers, Barbara, Tiger, Sophie, Diane, Alan, and Dave, to row back to the camp to get help while he goes off to find Alfred who may still be alive. Todd grabs a felling ax and goes looking for Alfred who is hiding in the woods from Cropsy still hounding him. The campers on the raft return to Camp Stonewater and Michelle warns the supervisor, Jeff, to rescue Todd and Alfred still out there. Jeff and Michelle jump in a motorboat and head down river towards Devil's Creek. Meanwhile, Alfred is grabbed by Cropsy and bound and gagged inside a building which looks like an old copper mine. Todd, having heard Alfred's screams, gets to the mine shaft and goes inside (after finding a dead Karen). Cropsy pins Alfred's left arm to a wall with the shears and goes after Todd with an old blowtorch which is a crudely modified flame-thrower. Todd enters the area near a workshop and stable area and sees Cropsy (whose horribly burned face is finally seen) holding the flamethrower. A flashback shows that Todd was one of the five campers who was responsible for the prank. Cropsy turns off the flamethrower, and Todd hears Alfred scream again. Cropsy reappears again in the shed and turns back on the flamethrower and tries to set Todd on fire while he swings at the maniac with the ax. As Cropsy is swinging the flames around, Alfred frees himself and stabs Cropsy in the back with the garden shears. At the same time, Michelle and Jeff arrive at the campsite where she waves down a police helicopter that arrives and disembarks a few policemen who advance into the woods. Back at the mine, Todd and Alfred begin to walk out of the mine when Cropsy revives and attacks Alfred. Alfred moves out of the way as Todd swings the ax, hitting Cropsy in the face and pinning him to a support pillar. Alfred grabs Cropsy's modified flamethrower and sets him afire. Now relieved that Cropsy is finally dead, Alfred and Todd walk out of the mine shaft while the standing-up body of Cropsy continues to burn. In the final scene, the story of Cropsy and his legend is being told around a campfire.
tt0093072
Adventure,Comedy,Family
A garbage can spaceship is seen flying near Earth. The same garbage can is then shown inside an antique shop owned by Captain Manzini. A boy named Dodger is being assaulted by four older teenage bullies in a park. Juice, the leader, steals Dodger's money and drops him in a puddle. Dodger goes to Manzini's antique shop, where he works. Manzini takes Dodger's clothes and cleans them while warning him to stay away from the garbage can. Later, Dodger sees Tangerine, Juice's girlfriend, who seems to be the most compassionate member of the group towards Dodger, and he tries to persuade her to buy something from the shop. Dodger is attracted to Tangerine and covertly smells her hair while she is distracted. The other bullies enter the shop and attempt to rough up Dodger again, but he manages to outwit them. However, during the tussle, the garbage can is knocked over and a green ooze spills out. The bullies then bring Dodger into a sewer, handcuff him to a rail, and open a pipe, pouring sewage onto him. Dodger is then saved by little mysterious people named the Garbage Pail Kids. Manzini returns and is upset that the Garbage Pail Kids have been released from their can, but he introduces Dodger to each of them: Greaser Greg is a leather jacket-clad greaser with a violent attitude; Messy Tessie is a girl with a constantly runny nose; Windy Winston is an insane boy who wears a Hawaiian shirt and often farts violently (on his card, he was depicted as a nervous musician); Valerie Vomit is a girl who throws up on command; Foul Phil is a whining hungry baby with halitosis who constantly asks characters if they are his "mommy" or "daddy"; Nat Nerd is an obese acne-riddled boy who dresses up like a superhero and wets his pants frequently; and Ali Gator, the group's leader, is an anthropomorphic half-person/half-alligator who has an appetite for human toes. Manzini explains that the kids are forbidden from going out in public, because they'll be attacked by the "normies" (normal people), and that he can't get the kids to go back into the garbage can without magic. The next day, Dodger goes with Tangerine to a nightclub where she sells clothes she designed. Dodger behaves awkwardly when Tangerine removes her shirt to sell it. Dodger then hides when Juice shows up. Meanwhile, the Kids steal a Pepsi truck, flatten Juice's car with it, and then have a campfire in an alley with stolen food. The next morning, the Garbage Pail Kids recover from food-induced hangovers and give Dodger a jacket they sewed. The jacket impresses Tangerine, and she asks Dodger to get more clothes so she can sell them. The Kids make more clothes for Dodger after stealing a sewing machine and singing an annoying song about working together, but then get bored and decide to wear disguises and go out in public. They go to a theater playing Three Stooges shorts and behave obnoxiously. Ali and Winston go to a bar where they start a fight (which was caused by Ali eating someone's toes) with bikers, who are soon won over by the Kids' heroics, after which they celebrate with beers. Meanwhile, Tangerine sells the clothes and begins to prepare for a fashion show based on them. She meets the Kids and is repulsed by them, but realizes that she can take advantage of their designs. The night of the fashion show, Tangerine locks the Kids in the basement of the antique shop so that they don't escape, and soon they are captured by Juice and his gang who bring them to the State Home for the Ugly, a prison where people too ugly for society are brought and executed. People there include the "too fat" Santa Claus, the "too bald" Gandhi, the "too skinny" Abraham Lincoln, the "too wrinkly" old man, and the "too silly" clown. Manzini and Dodger help them escape and head to the fashion show. The Garbage Pail Kids trash the fashion show and rip the clothes off the models, while Dodger gets into a fight with Juice. Juice and his gang are later arrested and it is implied that they may now finally be locked away in prison for a good while. Later that night, Tangerine apologizes to Dodger and asks to be his friend, but Dodger doesn't accept her apology due to her greed. Captain Manzini tries to sing the Garbage Pail Kids' song backwards to coax them back into the garbage can, but the Kids sneak out and ride stolen ATVs away to cause more havoc.
tt0109439
Comedy
Mitch awakens from a dream in which the old trailboss Curly from the first film, rises from the grave and drags him down. However, Mitch soon forgets the dream when the familiar voice of his Mom comes through the speakerphone, giving her recitation about the events that led to his birth, as today is Mitch's 40th birthday. Unlike his 39th, Mitch's outlook on life has changed. Going into work, he meets his friend Phil, who Mitch has gotten a job at the station in the wake of Phil's recent divorce. Phil admits he feels lonely in the wake of his divorce, and Mitch invites Phil to his place for his Birthday. On the train back, Mitch swears he sees Curly on the train, and discusses this with Phil. Phil believes that Mitch is seeing things, since they checked Curly before he was buried, and confirmed he was dead. When they arrive home, Mitch is shocked to find his younger brother Glen has arrived unexpectedly. Wanting to be alone with his wife, Mitch sends Glen home with Phil, but during the evening, Mitch looks through curly's belongings that he kept, and finds a map inside the old trailboss' hat. Showing it to Phil the next day, they analyze the map and surmise that it belonged to Curly's father, Lincoln Washburn. Hoping to find the treasure that is mentioned on it, Mitch and Phil head out West, bringing Glen along as well. Using the ruse that they are in Las Vegas, they rent equipment and head out to find the treasure. Unfortunately, Phil mentioned the treasure to the men who they rented the equipment from, who come after the group for the map. However, this is spoiled when a familiar face shows up! Mitch assumes his thoughts that Curly was not dead are correct, but their savior is Duke, Curly's brother. Duke had come looking for Mitch to get the map and claim his family's treasure. Mitch and Duke are first at odds with each other, but when Mitch explains to Duke how Curly explained his philosophy about life ('One thing, just one thing'), Duke is willing to let the men in on the treasure as well, provided that Duke gets half and the three of them have to split the other half amongst themselves. Eventually, the group is caught up in a stampeded, and the map is lost. Things seem grim until Glen tells the others that due to his photographic memory, he recalls the last part of the map's information. Eventually, the men find the gold, but are then set upon by bandits, who shoot Glen! However, it soon turns out that the bandits are just actors, when a familiar face shows up: Clay Stone, who was in charge of the ranch where Curly worked and where Mitch and his friends went the year before! Clay then provides the others with copies of a map exactly like what Curly had, claiming that this latest venture had been Curly's idea as a way to attract tourist: lead them on a treasure hunt and then be shot at by fake-bandits with paint pellets. Also, the gold is not real as well. With nothing left to find, Duke parts ways with the three men. Mitch returns to Las Vegas, preparing for Barbara to meet him there (having found out that he wasn't in Vegas for a business trip, Mitch has planned a last-minute reconciliation with her). However, Mitch is surprised when Duke shows up in his hotel room. It is here that Duke reveals a secret: the map that Curly had (and that was used for the tourist trap) had a piece missing from a corner. Duke then provides the missing corner, showing that the treasure was reburied a ways off. Mitch thinks that Duke is joking with him, until Duke reveals a solid-gold bar...the real thing! "It's got friends," the old man tells Mitch.
tt0816436
Action,Adventure,Drama
Based on a true story, Black Water is a thriller thats sounds a now familiar warning that Australia can be dangerous place for a holiday. Its DNA goes back to the taut, tight thrills of Spielberg s Duel, then traces a line through the classics of Jaws and Alien, past the guerrilla film making of Robert Rodriguez and mutates into the same gene pool as quasi-real horrorsurvival such as the Blair Witch Project and Open Water Black Water is based in realism. It stalks the line between horror and psychological thriller, a tale or true survival, that begs the question what would you do? How would you get out alive?
tt0087451
Action,Adventure,Comedy
In a distant galaxy, where water is a valuable commodity, a band of space pirates board an imperial cruiser to steal ice. Jason (Robert Urich), the pirate leader, stumbles upon the quarters of Princess Karina of Argon (Mary Crosby), who is in a state of induced sleep. After battling the Templars royal guard, Jason kidnaps the princess and the Imperial cruiser pursues them. Jason orders two crew members, Zeno (Ron Perlman) and Maida (Anjelica Huston), to leave in escape pods just before the pirate ship is captured by Imperial forces. Zorn (Jeremy West), leader of the Templars, imprisons Jason and his robotics expert, Roscoe (Michael D. Roberts). As the prisoners are transported to the planet Mithra, the only remaining source of water in the galaxy, they learn that their sentence is to be "redesigned," or castrated, and sold as slaves. Killjoy (John Matuszak), a thief, points out that members of the clergy are spared because the Templars fear God. Upon arriving on Mithra, Jason learns from another prisoner that Princess Karina is the daughter of Count Vasco, an explorer who disappeared searching for the possibly mythical Seventh World. Killjoy, impersonating a monk, is released, before Jason, Roscoe, and the other prisoners are strapped to a conveyor belt, shaved, and prepped for castration. As Jason and Roscoe pass through the final stage of the assembly line, Princess Karina secretly spares them. The men are outfitted in white wigs and leotards and sold to the highest bidder. Princess Karina purchases them and puts them to work at a party, where they encounter Killjoy, now disguised as a robot. Later, Karina asks Jason to help her escape to the pirate moon, Zagora, where she has urgent business. Jason, Roscoe, Karina, and Killjoy, flee the party on a motorcycle, with the Templars in pursuit. The group commandeers a warship, Karina is reunited with her Nanny (Natalie Core), and Jason plots a course for Zagora. Karina orders Jason to arrange a meeting with a rebel named Lanky Nibs (Robert Symonds). When Jason balks at Karina's plan to buy Lanky Nibs' services with the water on the ship, she demonstrates her seriousness and he bends to her will. Meanwhile, on Mithra, Zorn reveals to the Supreme Commander (John Carradine) that Karina and the pirates are aboard the warship, just as he planned. On board the warship, a small creature hatches from a dehydrated egg and bites Roscoe and Jason. From the ship's manifest, they learn the creature is a "space herpe." On Zagora, the pirates reunite with Zeno and Maida, and learn that Lanky Nibs is hiding in Sweetwater, fifty miles outside of town. Jason and Karina convince Frog Lady (Marcia Lewis) to take them to Sweetwater in her land cruiser. Jason is shocked by Lanky Nibs' appearance, and Lanky explains he aged twenty years in a time warp. He warns Jason that he was probably followed. Lanky recognizes Karina and informs her that her father, Vasco, found the Seventh World in the center of the galaxy, but the Templars ambushed his ship and slaughtered his crew. If Vasco is still alive, an exiled royal named Wendon is holding him captive in the Tri System. Later, a group of bounty hunters arrive and destroy the land cruiser, killing Frog Lady. A pursuit ensues and Jason kills the bounty hunters, but Lanky is badly wounded. Before dying, he pleads with Jason to find the Seventh World. After returning to the warship, Jason and his crew set off for the Tri System. On Wendon's planet, woman warriors riding unicorns capture everyone but Roscoe. In chambers, the pirates learn Wendon (Bruce Vilanch) is just a head with a robotic body. Roscoe enters to save his comrades, and they force Wendon to reveal where he is holding Vasco. However, the being who appears to be Vasco turns out to be a robot. A clue in the robot's programming leads Karina to a hologram recording of her father. Vasco gives coordinates to the location of the Seventh World, but warns that any deviation from the course will trap the ship in a time warp forever. During the voyage, Jason visits Karina in her quarters and they make love. A Templar battleship intercepts the warship as it passes through the time warp and Zorn makes video contact, informing Karina that she has done exactly what he had hoped: led them to her father and the Seventh World. The battleship captures the warship and a conflict between the Templar robots and the pirate robots ensues. Meanwhile, time accelerates and the princess learns she is pregnant. By the time he reaches Karina's quarters (in 10 minutes), she has given birth to Jason's son. As the pirates battle the Templar guards, time continues to accelerate and the humans age. The baby, also named Jason, becomes a little boy, and Nanny dies. As the pirates grow beards and become elderly, they are over-matched by Zorn's endless supply of robots. However, just as Jason and Roscoe lose hope, young Jason, now an adult, swoops in to defeat the Templars. As young Jason embraces his aged parents, the warship exits the time warp and everything returns to the moment when the acceleration started. The Templar battleship was one degree off course, however, and is now lost forever. The Seventh World comes into view and three-fourths of its surface appears to be covered by water and the crew celebrates; it is planet Earth. Jason, Karina, and the crew celebrate their victory, but the pirates realize they need to find a means of support.
tt0079813
Comedy,Music
The school board meets to welcome Miss Evelyn Togar (Mary Woronov), Vince Lombardi High School's new principal -- the old principal having been driven insane by the unruly students. Riff Randell (P.J. Soles) and her nerdy friend Kate Rambeau (Dey Young) hijack the PA system to play some music ("Sheena Is a Punk Rocker"). Miss Togar interupts the dance party and gives them both detention. Miss Togar then announces to the assembled students that Vince Lombardi High School has the worst academic standing in California. Three principals in a row have suffered nervous breakdowns because the student body cares about nothing but rock and roll music. Miss Togar vows to the students that she will clean up the school and make it a center of learning. Intimidated, the kids rush off to their classes. Kate has a crush on the quarterback, Tom Roberts (Vincent Van Patten), who has the hots for Riff. Tom is shy with girls -- all he can think of to talk about is the weather -- so rather than ask Riff out, he goes to see the school's fixer, Eaglebauer (Clint Howard), who has an office in the boys' restroom. Eaglebauer agrees to get Tom a date with Riff. His task becomes complicated the very next day when Kate asks him to get her a date with Tom. Riff, an aspiring singer and songwriter, has written a song called "Rock 'n' Roll High School" for her favorite band, the Ramones. Her heart belongs to lead singer Joey Ramone, and she hopes that one day she'll be able to give the song to Joey and that the band will record it. Miss Togar sends her two geek minions, hall monitors Fritz Hansel (Loren Lester) and Fritz Gretel (Daniel Davies), to summon Mr. McGree (Paul Bartel), the music teacher, and Coach Steroid (Alix Elias), the gym teacher, to the science lab. Togar has been researching the effects of rock music. She shares her findings with Mr. McGree and Coach Steroid, and performs a demonstration: Ramones music played at high decibel levels makes mice explode. Meanwhile the girls' gym class, left unsupervised, is rocking out to unauthorized music -- Riff singing along to her demo tape of "Rock 'n' Roll High School". Fritz Hansel and Fritz Gretel happen by and rat the girls out, but before Togar arrives, the class goes back to the boring calisthenics they were supposed to be doing. In the girls' locker room, Riff announces that the Ramones are coming to town to give a concert and she plans to go. The other girls, though enthusiastic, can't take time away from school to wait in the ticket line for three days. Riff resolves to get tickets for everyone. At the concert hall, Riff is first in line. She sets up a folding lounge chair and settles in to wait. Back at school, Kate gives Miss Togar notes with increasingly implausible excuses to cover for Riff's absence: the death of her mother, the death of her father, and the death of her goldfish. (Hansel and Gretel disprove this excuse by producing the goldfish, which seems perfectly healthy until one of them swallows it.) The ticket line gets longer and a groupie, Angel Dust (Lynn Farrell), cuts in front of Riff to claim the first place in line. Their argument is interrupted by the arrival of the Ramones in a big old convertible, singing "I Just Want to Have Something to Do." The band's manager recognizes Angel Dust and invites her to come in with the band, much to Riff's chagrin. When the ticket window finally opens, Riff buys 100 tickets and later distributes them at school. Miss Togar gets wind of the concert and demands that Riff and Kate surrender their tickets. When they refuse, Togar lets the hall monitors take the tickets by force ("body search!"). Disheveled and despondent at the prospect of missing the concert, the girls retreat to Riff's house to do homework. Meanwhile, Eaglebauer is with Tom in Tom's tricked-out van, coaching him on how to ask Riff for a date. Tom calls just as Kate confesses to Riff that she thinks Tom will soon ask her (Kate) out. Kate is furious when Riff agrees to go out with Tom, but Riff assures her that she only accepted so she can fix up Tom and Kate. In Riff's car, Kate and Riff hear a DJ giving away a pair of Ramones tickets on the radio. Frantic to win the tickets, Riff pulls the car over and they pull a man out of a phone booth (the poor guy's proposing to his girlfriend) so they can use the phone. When they hear they've won, Riff calls Tom to break their date and the girls rush back to Riff's place to dress for the show. That evening, concert-goers file into the club, which is growing crowded. The kindly Mr. McGree attends out of curiosity, but his outdated idea of cool clubwear (a '50s-era beret and a '60s-era scarf) elicits some snickers. A large white mouse is denied admission -- the staff is afraid the music will cause him to explode -- until he produces a pair of noise-canceling headphones. An Indian chief in full feathered headdress is also attending. Riff and Kate are introduced on stage by the DJ who ran the ticket contest, Screamin' Steve Stevens (Don Steele). Offered the chance to say a few words to the crowd and the radio audience (which includes Miss Togar), Riff says "On behalf of the students from Vince Lombardi High who are here tonight, I'd just like to say one thing: Screw you, Principal Togar, we made it to the concert anyway!" Screamin' Steve tries to get Riff and Kate backstage to meet the band, but the Ramones' manager isn't having any, and tells Angel Dust, the groupie, to see the girls back to their seats. The crowd is revved up and shouting "hey, ho! let's go!" when the band takes the stage to open with "Blitzkrieg Bop." Riff has to encourage Kate to get into it, but Kate begins to loosen up and enjoy herself during the next song, "Teenage Lobotomy." During the following number, "California Sun," Angel attempts to steal the song Riff wrote. Tom, who has come to the concert with Eaglebauer, chases her and gets hold of the package when Angel trips over a cokehead who's spilled his powder on the floor. Riff offhandedly thanks Tom for his help and runs back to the concert. Tom sees that only Kate really cares about him and they agree to be friends. Back on stage, Joey (reading a note from Riff) dedicates the next song, "She's the One," to Tom and Kate. At the same time Miss Togar's minions, Hansel and Gretel, crash the concert looking for Riff. Instead they find Angel Dust in the Ramones' dressing room. When Angel Dust mouths off to them, they yell "body search!" and attack her. Riff eventually gets backstage to give Joey her song. A few days later, Miss Togar and several concerned parents hold a rally where they try to burn a pile of Ramones records in front of the school. Riff and Tom throw a bowl of water at the bonfire and at Miss Togar. When most of the students begin to riot, the Ramones arrive and all the students cheer for them. Taking over the group, Riff, Tom, Kate, Eaglebauer and others storm the school and throw a large climactic party. Mr. McGree, finally seeing the ruthless and authoritarian figure that Miss Togar has become, defects and joins the students -- and the party -- in the school. Hansel and Gretel sneak in to stop the party, but when they're discovered hiding in a laundry cart, the Ramones themselves push the cart out of a third floor window. Miss Togar's henchmen end up in bandages and casts with multiple injuries. During the party, Riff announces that the Ramones are honorary members of the student body. The Ramones give Riff a Ramones jacket and makes her an honorary member of their band. The band plays "Do You Wanna Dance" while Kate and Tom dance together and make out, having found love at last. The students proceed to party and wreck most of the building with the loud music. But that evening, a furious Miss Togar calls the police and the building is surrounded by riot officers led by Chief Klein (Dick Miller). When Miss Togar, speaking through a bullhorn, demands that the students stop the festivities, Riff responds by destroying all the mid-term exams and all the student records with a chainsaw. More angry than ever, Miss Togar and Chief Klein threaten to storm the building with tear gas unless the students exit the premises within five minutes. With few options left, Kate and Eaglebauer devise a bomb in the laboratory. Aware that their party is finally over, the Ramones, Riff, Kate, Tom, Eaglebauer, Mr. McGree, and all the students quietly file out of the building where the riot police are poised to attack. Riff steps forward and tells Miss Togar that if she wants to have her school back, she can. When a surprised Togar asks Riff what she would have done with the school anyway, Riff says "Rock the roof off it! Hit it, Marky!" -- and the band launches into Riff's song, "Rock 'n' Roll High School." The students and Ramones resume their party and Riff detonates the bomb. The school explodes spectacularly. As Vince Lombardi High School burns, fire trucks arrive. The students are led away, still happy and partying, to police buses waiting to take them to jail, while Miss Togar is taken away in an ambulance in a straight-jacket mumbling "detention" over and over. She has become the latest principle to be carted away to a mental hospital.
tt0089961
Adventure,Family,Fantasy
The film opens sometime in the early or late Middle Ages, where Claus is an aging, peasant woodcutter who delivers his gifts with his wife Anya to the children of a certain village. One night, Claus, Anya, and their reindeer, Donner and Blitzen, are rescued from certain death in a blizzard as they are transported to the vast "ice mountains, way up at the top of the world." They find that they were expected, and are accordingly received by a contingent of these same fabled Vendequm, or Elves, led by a wise and venerable old elf named Dooley (John Barrard). They encounter the overzealous elf Patch (Moore), and his trusty companions Boog (Tim Stern), Honka (Peter O'Farrell) and Vout (Christopher Ryan), who soon take charge of the reindeer and sleigh. The kindly couple is then led into the wondrous, wooden elf compound. Dooley soon explains to Claus and Anya that they have been brought here to spend forever crafting and giving a fantastic array of toys to every child on Earth. Preparations for Santa's very first Christmas Eve are made. By suggesting that red should be used for Claus' costume, Patch gets to show that he may be the most inventive elf. Santa's first Christmas Eve begins with our hero, resplendent in his full red-suited regalia, greeted by the Ancient One (Burgess Meredith), the oldest and wisest of all the Elves, who explains to Claus that he and Anya represent the fulfillment of a prophecy that a "Chosen One" would be brought into the Elves' world who, "having no child of his own, would love all children everywhere, and that he himself would be an artisan, and a craftsman, and a skilled maker of toys." He charges Santa with his sacred duties and the name by which he will be known throughout the world for all time to come: Santa Claus. Santa then boards his newly recrafted sleigh, while the reindeer are fed with an incredible feed that grants them the power of flight. Santa takes off with a boisterous "YO!", signaling the beginning of his legend, which is detailed through a montage of his voyages over the years. The voyages stop in the mid-18th century, first where Mrs. Claus recommends not giving an unruly child a present to punish him for his bad behavior, and then skip ahead to the 19th century, where Dooley is reading the poem, "Twas the Night Before Christmas," to the elves. This includes a passage that says that Santa's stomach is like a bowl full of jelly, so Santa decides to go on a diet. (It does not last very long.) The film then jumps from the mid-19th century to the late 20th century, until it gets to present-day Manhattan --- where, in a dark and lonely alley, a young orphaned and homeless boy, Joe (Christian Fitzpatrick) struggles to keep himself warm. Across the street, in an elegant townhouse, a young girl named Cornelia (Carrie Kei Heim) suddenly notices the boy before being scolded by her nanny, Miss Tucker (Dorothea Phillips). Back at the North Pole, after Santa tells both Patch and Puffy (Anthony O'Donnell) that he will choose one of them for the newly-created position of Santa's Official Assistant, the two elves compete for the spot. Patch eventually wins out by mass producing toys using his new Patch-o-Matic Supertoy Constructor, as opposed to Puffy, who chooses slower, more traditional methods of hand-crafting. However, unseen by anyone except the viewer, during operation, the machine malfunctions, screwdrivers snap, and the machine creates toys faster and, admittedly, clumsier (indeed, Boog, noticing that the machine may be speeding up too fast, expresses his doubts concerning the situation, to which Patch responds: "Too fast? Welcome to the 20th century!"). Later, as Santa takes flight on Christmas Eve, he meets Joe who has been searching for food in the trash. Santa is appalled that such a young child is made to live on his own and offers to take Joe along with him. Joe is realistic, thinking that it is another drunk who got a job as a department store Santa, until Santa has to prove it by transporting him and Joe magically through chimneys. Santa's authenticity gets through to the normally cynical Joe, and the two go for a magical ride in Santa's sleigh. Santa shows Joe all the moves he can do, but falls short of showing him the "Super Duper Looper," as it is too hard for the reindeer. (This sequence eventually inspired executives at New York's Radio City Music Hall to use footage from it to open the venue's annual Christmas Spectacular.) However, on Christmas morning many children find that their toys from Santa made by Patch's Supertoy Constructor prove defective. Ashamed in the company of his fellow elves, blinded by his own distrust of Santa, Patch leaves the North Pole, determined to prove himself to Santa. Puffy is then appointed Santa's Official Assistant. Eventually, Patch meets up with B.Z. (John Lithgow), a businessman who is under investigation by the United States Senate for shoddy manufacturing processing at his toy company; later, Patch also meets B.Z.'s Head of Research and Development, Dr. Eric Towzer (Jeffrey Kramer), along with their chauffeur, Grizzard (John Hallam), and B.Z.'s secretary, Ms. Abruzzi (Judith Morse). Patch passes by a toy store where B.Z.'s toys are being recalled and mistakingly thinks the toys must be unable to stay on the shelves as they must be selling like hotcakes. B.Z. convinces Patch to work with him and B.Z. airs a television commercial that is broadcast on every major television network on Earth. Among those watching the commercial are Joe, Cornelia (B.Z.'s step-niece) and Santa himself. Patch eventually takes flight on Christmas Eve just like Santa, in his own vehicle called the "Patchmobile" (which is fueled by reindeer dust and looks like a dozen toys put together), as he drops his own lollipops to all the houses on Santa's route. Patch's outing turns out to be a large success, with his worldwide popularity now rivaling that of Santa's, a fact which Santa is quick to note as he drops off presents to households that already have Patch's lollipops. His well-received lollipops result in B.Z. making Patch exclusive to his company at a press conference. After this success, the ever-reluctant Patch considers himself ready to return to the North Pole, but after revealing to B.Z. that the magic lollipops can make children fly, B.Z. is quick to capitalize on this and suggests using the same magic for candy canes in an effort he plans to market as "Christmas II." Joe and Cornelia catch wind of the plan from B.Z. and Towzer a few nights later, resulting in Joe being captured by Grizzard and taken to B.Z.'s factory. Towzer then reveals that the candy canes in production overreact when exposed to extreme heat, rendering them volatile. B.Z. dismisses this news as a reckless afterthought, and proposes to Towzer that the two of them escape to Brazil, which has no extradition treaty with the United States, thus leaving Patch to take the blame for all the possible chaos. The next morning, Cornelia writes to Santa about Joe's capture; once he learns of this, Santa wastes little time in taking off for Cornelia's place, regardless of the fact that he must make do with only six reindeer, as a result of Comet and Cupid both having come down with the flu. Cornelia tells Santa that she contacted the police about Joe's kidnapping, but doubts she was taken seriously. Back at B.Z.'s factory, Patch rescues the captured Joe. Though Joe is initially angry at Patch for ruining Christmas, Patch discovers that Joe is carrying a wooden likeness of Patch crafted by Santa, suggesting to Patch that Santa might like him after all. The two now resolve to deliver all the candy canes to Santa as a present in the Patchmobile, unaware of the canes' lethal side effects. At the same time, B.Z. finds himself surrounded by the New York City Police Department, in response to Cornelia having called them, which they did indeed take seriously. The NYPD, already having apprehended and handcuffed Grizzard and Towzer, yells to B.Z. via a bullhorn that they they know that he's up there, and he is to surrender or they will enter his office. As the policemen are on their way up to his office, B.Z. eats an entire handful of the magic candy canes --- only to find himself floating higher and higher, disappearing into the stratosphere. Meanwhile, Patch and Joe continue on their journey, until they find themselves in need of rescue, as the Patchmobile's continuing speed causes the candy canes to heat up, in turn causing certain unprotected wiring to violently self-activate. Santa, in pursuit, manages to rescue them from the exploding Patchmobile after a tense moment where ultimately, he must execute the one move he has never been able to properly execute: the "Super Duper Looper." The film ends with a joyous celebration with Santa, Anya and the other elves .... and it seems that Cornelia and Joe will stay with Santa at the North Pole. The final scene ends with B.Z. suspended in space along with the remnants of the Patchmobile, floating higher and yelling for help. (Source: WikiPedia. Posted By Candy_Cane_Sprinkles)
tt0492619
Comedy
Small town Tae Kwon Do instructor Fred Simmons relishes the power that comes from being the king of a small kingdom. A former champion, Mr. Simmons fancies himself one in the same as his hero, Chuck "The Truck" Wallace, a B-movie Martial Arts film star. Mr. Simmons openly boasts about his self-proclaimed status as "king of the demo" [Tae Kwon Do demonstration], even though he can't nail one to save his life. His only vulnerability lies in his adoration of his wife Suzie - a weakness that comes bubbling to the surface when Mr. Simmons discovers Suzie has cheated on him with her new boss. When Suzie leaves him, Mr. Simmons finds himself slipping into a crushing downward spiral. He struggles to keep "the power" by abusing anyone who challenges him. After losing students and making a fool out of himself, he finds allies in Julio Chavez, his nine-year-old apprentice, and Henry Harrison, one of his students with an "obvious confidence problem." When his bizarre best friend Mike McAllister comes to visit, the four make a pilgrimage to meet the greatest Martial Artist of all time, "The Truck," at a Tae Kwon Do convention. What starts as a crazy man's expedition to escape turns into a trip of discovery, as Mr. Simmons and his crew party with "The Truck" and Mr. Simmons convinces him to perform a demo at his Tae Kwon Do school during the upcoming belt-qualifying testing. Inspired with renewed strength, Fred returns from the convention clear-headed and at the top of his game, until he is shocked by an unexpected turn of events when Suzie returns home, and the "The Truck" flies in from Hollywood to appear at his Tae Kwon Do school. In the end, Mr. Simmons faces the greatest test of his power and finds the strength he outwardly projects within his own spirit. [Since the discussion page is broken and I feel that an explanation is needed, I'll make it here. For some reason, what should have been the Synopsis was posted in the Summary, and visa-versa. Because of that, I copied-and-pasted the contents of the Summary page here, and submitted what was here (in the Synopsis) as a correction for the Summary. I don't claim to be the author of either piece of text.]
tt0937237
Crime,Thriller,War
This film is about the real-life rape and killing of a 14-year-old Iraqi girl by U.S. soldiers with shocking images that will leave some viewers in tears. Inspired by one of the most serious crimes committed by American soldiers in Iraq since the 2003 invasion, it spares the audience no brutality to get its message across. Made in a deliberately episodic form, Redacted tells various stories about the war in Iraq, ostensibly from different viewpoints. One film portion by a French filmmaker tells the story of U.S. soldiers watching over checkpoints. In another episode, a superior soldier makes a casual mistake dealing with garbage that was set out in a road and is blown to bits. It's all leading to the pivotal rape and murder of the pretty girl who is discovered by the soldiers on a raid of an Iraqi house in order to find evidence. One night, the drunken and mostly morally lost U.S. soldiers discuss going back for the "skank" whom they saw in the house they raided. One soldier straps a camera to his helmet, and the footage of the girl's rape is secured. The rest of the film mostly deals with measures taken by the army against the criminals. A final scene has a soldier from the criminals' unit confessing to his friends a war story that he will never forget: the plundering and murder of the Iraqi girl.
tt0070509
Comedy,Drama
Insecure but entitled midwesterner Hart arrives at Harvard Law School. During the first day of class, legendary professor Kingsfield chides him for being unprepared. Unfortunately for the unsuspecting Kinsgfield, this casual snub inspires an imaginary rivalry in Hart's mind, one which carries us through Hart's first year at Harvard and deep inside the mind of an obsessed student. Hart meets other students and forms a study group. They warn him of the stress of studying law under Kingsfield. Walking home from the store one night, Hart meets a girl named Susan who lives near campus. When she goes inside, he lingers in the shadows, watching her through the windows. He feels a strange and inexplicable attraction to her. Susan's attention inspires him to speak aloud in Kingsfield's class, and this "success" arouses his libido. Viewing her as a weapon in his intellectual battle with the professor, he returns to her house, once again gazing uninvited into her windows before making his presence known. She invites him in, and he wakes her in the middle of the night to rave about Kingsfield and the competition in which they are engaged. She tries to comfort him. His relationship with Susan continues until one morning he is late for class and unprepared. Kingsfield calls on him, and moves on to another student when Hart cannot answer the question. In Hart's mind, this routine practice is a grave insult and was directed at him personally because of their deep animus toward one another. Unable to psychologically cope with this perceived loss, Hart takes it out on Susan, blaming her for his failure and for not "giving him sustenance." He repeats this strange totemic phrase until he passes out drunk in the park for hours. When he wakes, Susan is gone. He curses her loudly and swears off women, who only distract from his struggle with the professor. Returning home, he finds that Kingsfield has invited all of the students to a Thanksgiving party. At the party, he discovers that Susan is actually Kingsfield's daughter. He yells at her for not telling him of her connection to his enemy. With disgust, he tells her he doesn't even recognize her in dress-clothes. The viewer wonders why she was so secretive, but realizes that probably she did not tell Hart of her connection sooner out of fear that he might kill her and wear her skin like his own, so desperate is he to be closer to Kingsfield. But Susan is a woman with no personal will, so when Hart realizes that he now has the chance to become even closer to the professor, she takes up with him again. He grins lasciviously at her as he tells her she looks like her father. Both admit that Hart is only with her for this connection. Susan resents her father deeply (her mother ended up in a mental institution) and makes love with Hart in her father's bed in order to spite him. Hart goes downstairs into the professor's office to gloat over his conquest, this victory over Kingsfield that Hart has won by defiling the man's daughter. He walks the edges of the office in his boxer shorts, swirling a snifter of brandy and basking in the glory of having bested such an important foe. But as Hart stands nearly nude in the library, Kingsfield returns home. Hart's cowardice causes him to flee without his clothes; this shame fuels his insecurity further. He becomes paranoid, convinced that Kingsfield knows what he did. He tells Susan that Kingsfield is out to get him, that Kingsfield cares about him personally. He implies that Kingsfield watches him. He tells her he is inside Kingsfield's mind, that he is three steps ahead of Kingsfield's own thoughts. Susan tries to convince him that her father does not and cannot care who he is, but Hart cannot relinquish his delusions. Hart feels that every oppressive force on earth originates within the great professor. His relationship with Susan withers, as Hart is completely consumed by thoughts of her father. But Susan discovers Hart hiding in the shadows outside her house; he cannot let go of his only real connection with the professor. He breaks into a library vault to view Kingsfield's notes from his time as a student, to reassure himself that Kingsfield is no better than him. He scoffs at them, but later, lying in bed, begins drawing symbols he saw doodled in the margin of Kingsfield's notes on the walls of his bedroom. Hart begins reading every article or book Kingsfield ever published, trying to use them against Kingsfield in class discussions. Kingsfield mistakes this fixated combativeness for flattery and offers Hart a work assignment, but because of his bizarre obsession and eagerness to both please and defeat Kingsfield, Hart is unable to complete the task on time. Hart takes his failure so hard that he accosts Susan in a grocery store, blaming her and her father for his terrible insomnia and lack of appetite. Susan encourages him to stand up to her father, not understanding what this could mean for them all. In class the next day, Hart once again fumbles when Kingsfield asks him a question. Kingsfield then tells Hart to call his parents to come pick him up, as he will never make it through law school. Hart retorts and calls Kingsfield a son-of-a-bitch, upon which Kingsfield says, "Mr. Hart, that is the most intelligent thing you have said all morning. You may take your seat". Hart and a classmate check into a hotel. They are shown surrounded by trash, both in their underpants, muttering about Kingsfield's course. They return to school for exams. After the test, Kingsfield gets onto an elevator alone with Hart. In a pathetic turn, Hart attempts to express to Kingsfield how much he personally means to him, but Kingsfield does not even know Hart's name. When Hart's grades arrive, he gleefully folds the envelope into an airplane and throws it into the ocean, seemingly uncaring of what the envelope signifies.
tt0080421
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
The farmers of the peaceful planet Akir are threatened by the space tyrant Sador (John Saxon) and his army of mutants, the Malmori. Sador's huge ship carries a weapon called a "Stellar Converter", which turns planets into small stars. He threatens to use the Converter unless the planet submits to him when he returns in several days. Zed (Jeff Corey), the last Akira warrior, is old and nearly blind. He suggests they hire mercenaries to protect the planet. Lacking valuable resources, they can only offer food and shelter in payment. Unable to go himself, Zed offers his ship, which has an artificial intelligence navigation and tactical computer named Nell, for the job if they can find a pilot. The ship is fast and well-armed but cannot defeat Sador alone. Shad (Richard Thomas), a young man who has piloted the ship and is well known to Nell, volunteers for the recruiting mission. Shad's first stop is the Hephaestus space station, which repairs androids. Expecting to find weapons, Shad instead finds only two humans among the androids: Doctor Hephaestus (Sam Jaffe), kept on life support, and his beautiful daughter Nanelia (Darlanne Fluegel). The doctor attempts to force Shad to mate with his daughter. Shad doesn't want to abandon his people, and escapes, with Nanelia following in her own ship. Although she has no weapons, her highly advanced computer systems might be useful. The two split up to look for more mercenaries. A little later, Shad comes across Space Cowboy (George Peppard), a spacegoing truck driver from Earth. Shad learns that Cowboy is late delivering a shipment of laser guns to a planet which, as they watch, Sador destroys with his weapon. Lacking the fuel to carry the weapons home, Cowboy offers to deliver them to Akir. Shad talks him into teaching the Akira to use the guns. Later, Shad meets a set of five alien clones who share a group consciousness named Nestor. They admit their life is incredibly dull, since their whole race shares one mind. In order to be entertained, they have sent five members to join Shad's cause. Nestor does not require payment, saying they are completely self-sufficient. Next, Shad recruits Gelt (Robert Vaughn), a wealthy assassin who is so well known he can't show his face on any civilized planet. Gelt offers his services in trade for the ability to live peacefully hiding among the Akira. Gelt's spaceship is highly maneuverable and well armed. On his way back to Akir, Shad is approached by Saint Exmin (Sybil Danning), of the Valkyrie warriors. She is a headstrong woman looking to prove herself in battle. She pilots a small, barely armed, but extremely fast spaceship. Shad finds her annoying and wishes she would go away, but she tags along. While waiting for Shad's return, Nanelia is captured by a reptilian slaver named Cayman. Cayman possesses a powerful old ship with an eclectic crew of aliens. She quickly recruits Cayman to their cause when he learns that they are looking for mercenaries to fight Sador. The only payment Cayman wants is Sador's head, since Sador's forces had destroyed Cayman's homeworld. The fleet of seven ships return to Akir. Shad takes the mercenaries down to the surface, but they are greeted with caution by the natives, who are not used to violent species. Eventually, Sador returns, but his fleet of fighters is intercepted by Shad and his new friends. In the opening battle, Gelt skillfully destroys several of Sador's ships but is mortally wounded when his ship crashes. Meanwhile, Cowboy and the Akiran natives, armed with his laser guns, fight off Sador's invading ground forces. Sador survives an assassination attempt by one of the captured Nestors and launches all of his ships in retaliation against the planet. The Akira ground troops, lead by Cowboy, defeat Sador's army, but Zed is killed in the fighting. There is another huge space battle and the mercenaries' ships are destroyed one by one. However, the mercenaries are successful in destroying all of Sador's star fighters and the Stellar Converter, leaving only Sador's flagship. Shad and Nanelia, piloting Nell, are captured by the flagship in a tractor beam. The pair escape in a lifepod after Shad orders Nell to activate the ship's self-destruct program. Sador's ship is destroyed in the explosion. As Shad and Nanelia return to Akir, Nanelia despairs over the deaths of their friends. Shad tells her that the Akira believe that no one is truly dead when they are remembered and beloved by the living. The Akira will remember the sacrifices made by the mercenaries and honor them forever.
tt0880648
Crime,Drama,Mystery
The film begins at the airport, where two friends, Mel (Peyton List) and Jules (Cameron Goodman) are getting off their flight. Mel has motion sickness, and Jules tells her to take a minute to calm down. Seth (James Snyder) and Matt (Dave Power) arrive and introduce themselves to them. Jules takes Mel into the bathroom, where Mel tells her that she has broken up with her fiance. While they are waiting for their baggage, Mel communicates with a deaf girl, showing off her sign language skills, and Jules waits for the bags. Jules gets her bag, but Mel's isn't there, and the people at the airport tell her that she will need to come back the next day and collect it. They go outside and wait for a shuttle bus and one pulls up. The Driver of another bus (Tony Curran) tells Mel to ask the bus driver how much he will charge and he tells them $60. The Driver says he will do it for $30. They arrive on the bus and are greeted by the creepy Andy (Cullen Douglas). Seth and Matt arrive, and The Driver tries to get them to go away, but Jules tells him that the guys are with her. They board the bus, and Seth sits next to Jules, with Matt sitting next to Mel. The driver takes a strange route, and Mel decides to show Matt her signing skills. After this, they are run off the road by a strange car, and the Driver gets out to survey the damage. He tells them that they have a flat tyre. Jules opts to call a taxi, but there is no service where they are. Matt offers to help change the tyre. While his hand is on top of the tyre, The Driver looks for some nuts for the wheel. Mel turns her back for a second, and the bus falls on Matt's hand. When they get it up, his fingers have been cut off. Seth gives Matt his shirt to cover his fingers, and they drive off to the hospital. Later, it appears that The Driver is lost, and he pulls out a map. Seth starts to get mad at him, until he pulls out a gun and orders them all to sit down at the back. He tells them he wants money. Andy offers his wallet, but he refuses to take it. He takes everyone's phones from them instead. Mel and Seth argue about doing something, and Mel tells them that they need to stop what is going on. Jules finds a flare under the seat, and Mel comes up with a plan to get the window open. Andy sees her and causes a commotion, with Seth getting involved too. Andy pulls the lid off, and Mel throws the flare into the boot. The Driver sees this, stops the bus and removes the flare. Jules runs for the front and finds the door locked and the key missing. She beeps the horn instead. The Driver re-enters and points a gun at both Seth and Andy. He pretends to shoot Andy but instead pulls out a switchblade and slashes Seth's face. He drives them to an ATM booth, and Jules goes in to get some money out. While she is inside, she knocks some paper into a bin and sets it on fire. The Driver sees this, and rushes towards her, but she slams the door. Mel escapes, but The Driver shouts at her that he will let Jules suffocate if she doesn't come back. She has no choice but to surrender. He then takes them to a supermarket, where he tells Mel to go inside with the money and buy some supplies and a large bottle of water, and nothing else. He tells her if she tries to alert anyone he will kill everyone. On the bus, he chains Seth and Andy together and makes them take people's valuables and passports from their bags, and tells Jules and Matt to strap themselves in so they can't escape. Seth tells Andy if he gets loose, The Driver can only get one of them. Mel sees a security camera and signs into it that she needs some help, before giving the cashier a note telling her to check the security tapes when she leaves. Seth gets free and makes a run for it, only to be run over by the bus right in front of Mel. The Driver then reverses over him just to make sure he is dea, before dragging Mel back on to the bus. He then scolds Mel for buying ice when she didn't need to, but she tells him it's for Matt's fingers. Back in the store, the cashier checks the tapes only to find out they were never switched on. Later, Mel shows Matt a knife she hid in the ice, which she uses to cut her belt off. She then cuts Matt's off, Matt uses the ice bag to smash the window, and they all shout for help, but no one can hear them. The Driver walks towards them and pulls out the gun, so Mel cuts his wrist with the knife. Matt then hits him over the head with the bag, as Mel grabs the gun and threatens to shoot The Driver. She makes him hand over the keys to the belts, and Jules is able to get herself free, and gives them to Andy. Mel tries the radio, only to find that it doesn't work. She then makes him take his knife out, but he throws it into one of the seats. She takes the wheel of the bus and drives away, leaving Matt with the gun and Andy with the knife. Andy then nonchalantly stabs Matt in the throat, which no one notices at first. He grabs the gun and puts it to Mel's head, telling her to get away from the pedals. Andy then reveals himself to be in league with The Driver, and the pair torment the girls for a while, forcing them to put belts on. Andy assaults the girls until The Driver gets him to stop. He drives to a bridge and they throw the bodies off. Later, Mel manages to get a tyre iron from under the seat, and keeps it by her side. Andy wraps tape around Jules' mouth and then does the same to Mel. He then cuts a piece each from their hair. Mel hits him several times with the tyre iron and The Driver is forced to stop. She pulls herself free, and The Driver attempts to get the gun, only for her to hit him on the hand, and knock it towards Jules. Mel seizes control and drives away, but he rushes towards her. She slams the brakes on and he falls, then accelerates again so he falls backwards. She reaches for a knife, but it is too far, so she swerves to get it closer to her, and The Driver reaches for the wheel. She stabs him in the knee, and Andy comes over to attack her. She grabs a fire extinguisher and hits him with it, but crashes into a wall. Jules escapes the crash and flags down a passing car. A man gets out, but before he can help her, he is run over by the bus. Jules is then forced back on to the bus where they drive to a warehouse. The Driver makes Jules dye Mel's hair blonde, so she will look better, and then makes them strip down to their underwear for an inspection. The man who inspects them is revealed to be the man that ran them off the road, who then gets in his car and leaves. The Driver inspects their bags and finds that Jules has taken pills for a yeast infection, so he takes her on to the bus and gasses her. He finds Mel, who threatens to cut herself with a shard of glass, and she stabs him in the arm with it. He attempts to disarm her, but she stabs it into his thigh before hitting him in the face with the light fittings. She finds the gun and shoots him, before attempting to escape in the bus. The Driver arrives and attacks her again, and they grapple before he forces her into a crate with the supplies she bought earlier. She examines a photo and sees some sex slaves, before the crate is loaded onto a ship. It becomes clear to her that she is to be sold as a sex slave, and the supplies are for her trip to Asia. The final shot is of Mel's bag turning up at the airport, as another day begins.
tt0084777
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
Peter Neal (Anthony Franciosa) is an American writer of violent horror novels whose books are tremendously popular in Europe. In Italy to promote his latest work, entitled Tenebrae, he is accompanied by his literary agent Bullmer (John Saxon) and his adoring assistant Anne (Daria Nicolodi). He is unaware that he is also being followed by his embittered ex-wife Jane (Veronica Lario). Immediately prior to Neals arrival in Rome, a beautiful young shoplifter (Ania Pieroni) is brutally razor-slashed to death by an unseen killer. The murderer sends Neal a letter informing him that his books have inspired him to go on a killing spree. Neal immediately contacts the police, who put Detective Giermani (Giuliano Gemma) in charge of the investigation, along with the detectives female partner Inspector Altieri (Carola Stagnaro). More killings occur. Tilde (Mirella D'Angelo), a beautiful lesbian journalist, is murdered at her home along with her lover by the unseen killer who has a straight-razor blade. Later, Maria (Lara Wendel), the teenage daughter of Neal's landlord, is bloodily hacked to death with an ax after stumbling into the killer's lair. Neal notices that TV interviewer Christiano Berti (John Steiner) appears to have an unusually intense interest in the novelist's work. At night, Neal and his second assistant Gianni (Christiano Borromeo) watch Berti's house for suspicious activity. Neal decides to separate from Gianni in order to get a better view. Alone, Gianni watches in horror as an ax-carrying assailant brutally hacks Berti to death. But he is unable to see the murderer's face. Gianni finds Neal unconscious on the lawn outside the open front door, claiming to have been knocked out from behind. The next day, Giermani's investigation of the crime scene reveals that Berti was unhealthily obsessed with Neal's novels, and now that he is dead it is believed that the killings will cease. However, Bullmer, who is having an affair with Jane, is stabbed to death while waiting for his lover in a public square. That evening, Gianni is haunted by the thought that he had seen, but did not recognize, something important at Berti's house during the night of the interviewer's murder. He returns to the house and suddenly remembers what was so important: he had heard Berti confessing to his unseen attacker, "I killed them all, I killed them all!" Before Gianni can share this important detail with anyone, he is attacked from the back seat of his car and strangled to death by an unseen assailant. Meanwhile, Jane sits at her kitchen table when a figure with an ax leaps through her window, hacking off one of her arms. She spews gallons of blood over the kitchen walls before falling to the floor, the killer continuing to hack at her until she is dead. Neal is revealed to be her killer. Upon learning the details of Berti's sadistic murder spree, Neal had suddenly been overwhelmed by a forgotten memory involving Neal's murder of a young woman (Eva Robbins) who had sexually humiliated him when he was a youth in Rhode Island. The memory now constantly torments him and has inflamed his previously repressed lust for blood. Neal has become completely insane. Berti was the killer of Tilde, Maria, and all the other women by razor, but it was Neal who killed Berti, along with Bullmer, Gianni and Jane. When Inspector Altieri arrives at the house a few minutes after Jane's death, Neal kills her too. Later, Giermani and Anne arrive at the house in the pouring rain, and when Neal sees that he cannot escape, he commits bloody suicide in front of them by slashing his neck with a straight razor. Anne runs outside to her car for a moment. Giermani relaxes and is suddenly murdered by Neal, who had faked his own death. Neal waits inside for Anne to return, but when she opens the door and just at Neal is about to kill her too with the ax, she accidentally knocks over a metal sculpture that impales and kills the demented writer. The horror-stricken Anne stands in the rain and screams over and over again.
tt0080904
Horror,Sci-Fi
In the Pacific Northwestern town of Noyo, many fisherman have their livelihood endangered due to a new salmon cannery being built which many of the townspeople support. Hank Slattery (Vic Morrow) and several others are for the cannery because it will make life more prosperous for them. Slattery is a racist and takes out his biased aggression on a local fisherman Johnny Eagle (Anthony Penya) who is against the cannery and wants to remain an independent businessman. In a fishing boat, a group of fisherman catch what appears to be some kind of monster in the netting of their boat. The young son of one of the fishermen falls into the water and is dragged under the surface by something unseen. Another fisherman prepares a flare gun, but he slips and shoots it accidentally into the deck, which is soaked with gasoline dropped earlier by the boy, causing the vessel to burst into flames and then explode; everybody onboard is killed. The explosion is witnessed by Jim Hill (Doug McClure) and his wife Carol, who begin to wonder what is going on here, especially when Carol's dog goes missing during the following night and the two of them find its dismembered corpse on the nearby beach. The next day, teenagers Jerry Potter (Meegan King) and Peggy Larson (Lynn Schiller) go for a swim at the beach. Jerry is abruptly pulled under. Peggy believes it is simply a prank until she discovers his horribly mutilated corpse. The screaming girl tries to make it to the beach but she is attacked and dragged onto the sand by a monstrous figure. The humanoid thing tears off her swimming suit and rapes her. The following night on the same beach, two more teens are about to have sex in a small tent when another humanoid monster claws its way inside. It brutally kills the boy and chases the girl onto the beach. She manages to outrun her assailant but then runs straight into the arms of yet another humanoid. The monster throws her onto the sand and rapes her. Meanwhile, Jim becomes concerned because many other dogs in the town were killed the same way, except Johnny Eagle's dog. Hank Slattery's dog was killed as well and he presumes that Johnny Eagle is responsible and kills his dog, an action that causes a fist fight at one of the local dances where Dr. Susan Drake (Ann Turkel) is being introduced to the community as a spokesperson for the new cannery to be built in town. Drake has come to conduct a scientific study of the local fish life and notices an unusual amount of chemicals has created mutations, large fish-like creatures that actually are in the process of mating with the female population of humans in the town. A company called Canco has announced plans to build a huge cannery near Noyo. It turns out that the murderous, sex-hungry mutations are apparently the result of Canco's experimentation with a growth hormone they had earlier administered to salmon. The salmon escaped from the laboratory facilities into the ocean during a storm, and were then eaten by other, larger fish who proceeded to mutate into the brutally depraved humanoids who have begun to terrorize the village. At the climax, the humanoids show up in droves, relentlessly murdering the men and raping every woman they can grab at the annual salmon fest carnival. As a result, many of the conflicts that divide the people are overcome in the effort to band together to fight the monsters. Luckily, Jim devises a plan to stop the marauding beasts. He and Dr. Drake take a boat out onto the water of the marina and pour gasoline and crude oil into the water to burn the humanoids that are in the water. The rest of them crawl out of the water where they cannot survive for more then 10 minutes out of the water. The mob of townsfolk then gang up upon the humanoids as they grow weaker the more they are out of the water, and the people shoot, beat, or burn them all to death. Hank is wounded and nearly killed by a Humanoid, but is saved by Johnny Eagle. At Jim's house, his wife Carol is attacked by a humanoid that breaks in, but she defends herself and hacks the creature to death before it can violate her. The morning after the carnival, everything seems about to return to normal as the creatures are all dead, and the town begins to clean up the damage. Jim and Carol are safely reunited. However in the final scene, Dr. Drake is in a OB-GYN room at a local hospital with a scarred Peggy who has survived her sexual assault is apparently nine months pregnant. Peggy is about to give birth when her monstrous humanoid offspring suddenly bursts out of her stomach in a gory fountain of blood...
tt0071517
Action,Crime,Thriller
Ordering food at a taco stand late a night, local Los Angeles drug dealer Link Brown (Antonio Fargas) eyes two thugs, Eddie (Tony Giorgio) and Bunyon (Fred Lerner), who have followed him. Two police officers arrive and place food orders. At a nearby payphone, Link calls his sister, Foxy Brown (Pam Grier), to pick him up, telling her that the two thugs will attack him once the police officers leave. At her home, Foxy gets out of bed and changes clothes, hiding a gun inside her brassiere. Meanwhile, Link tries to engage the policemen in conversation, but they drive away, leaving him alone with Eddie and Bunyon. As the thugs close in on Link, Foxy hits them with her car, and Link jumps on the vehicle, sliding inside through the sunroof. Returning home with Link, Foxy demands an explanation. Link confesses to owing a loan shark $20,000 that he lost betting on numbers but argues that his petty crimes do not compare to her missing boyfriend's dishonorable work as a police informer. Link says he would have money if he could only go back to dealing cocaine. Hoping to keep her brother out of trouble, Foxy allows him to stay at her house. Meanwhile at Katherine Wall's (Kathryn Loder) office, Steve Elias (Peter Brown) chastises Eddie and Bunyon for losing Link. One day, Foxy delivers flowers to her boyfriend, Dalton Ford (Terry Carter), at the hospital. Foxy watches as his doctor removes the gauze covering his face, which has been altered so that he can take on the new identity of "Michael Anderson," after having worked undercover for the Bureau of Narcotics for two years. Michael's boss, Adams (Ed Knight), allows him to leave the hospital for the day, supplying him with a new birth certificate and driver's license before he goes. That afternoon, Foxy and Michael take a walk and she spots her friend, Oscar (Bob Minor), on the street. They watch as Oscar and a cohort corner a drug dealer, beat him, and shove him into the back of a car. Foxy introduces Michael to her friend, and Oscar explains that he's part of a "neighborhood committee" working to expel drug dealers from the area. Because the dealers often bribe policeman for protection, the neighborhood committee must enforce their own form of vigilante justice. Link calls his blonde Caucasian girlfriend, Jennifer (Brenda Venus), and she informs him that Elias's thugs came by the apartment and threatened her earlier that day. Link worries about the $20,000 he needs to pay them back but hangs up when his sister returns with Michael. After Foxy introduces the men, Link stares at Michael suspiciously and leaves the house. Foxy and Michael make love before he returns to the hospital where he must stay one more night. The next morning, Foxy finds Link reading an old newspaper article announcing Dalton's disappearance three months ago. Link guesses that someone made a lot of money exposing Dalton as an informer. Foxy leaves, and Link studies Dalton's picture in the article, tracing lines over his face. Detecting something in the picture, he makes a phone call. At the office of Tedesco (Jack Bernardi), a drug supplier, Leroy, a chemist (Robert Nadder), tests Tedesco's latest batch of heroin and assures Elias that the product is 80% pure. Arranging a deal with Tedesco, Elias agrees to fly the product in from Mexico on a small plane. Later, Miss Wall discusses a new rumor that Dalton is still alive with Elias and his thugs. Bunyon claims he killed Dalton months ago, but Elias doesn't believe him. Wall instructs the men to make sure Dalton is dead. Foxy returns home and finds the newspaper article Link was looking at, noticing that he traced over Dalton's facial features. Foxy worries her brother may have detected Michael's disguise. Moments later, Michael is shot outside her home. Seeking revenge, Foxy finds her brother at his apartment and shoots at him, demanding to know whom he told about Michael. Link claims ignorance, and she fires another shot that grazes his ear. Relenting, he tells Foxy about Katherine Wall, who runs a high-end female escort service and also controls the local drug syndicate. Foxy visits the Katherine Wall Modeling Agency to apply for work, using the name "Misty Cotton." Foxy tells Miss Wall she knows what goes on at the agency and is willing to sell her body for the right price. The following day, Foxy reports to Wall's house where several women are being groomed. Foxy is assigned to accompany an escort named Claudia (Juanita Brown) to a party. There, they must befriend Judge Fenton (Harry Holcombe), who will decide a case the next day involving two of Elias's drug dealers. Claudia says their goal is to make sure Fenton finds the dealers innocent; otherwise, Wall might send them to a place in Haiti where men do unspeakable things to prostitutes. Outside Wall's house, Claudia's estranged husband, Willard (Edward Cross), approaches with their young son, Jason, and announces they are moving to Seattle, Washington, where he has a job. Claudia begs him not to take her son away, and Willard suggests that she come to Seattle. Eddie, Elias and Wall overhear as Claudia tells Willard she feels trapped by her employers. Eddie and Elias beat Willard, sending him and Jason away. As they ride to the party, Foxy watches Claudia ingest pills. At a hotel suite, Claudia and Foxy find Fenton surrounded by colleagues and topless escorts. The women take Fenton to a bedroom, remove his pants, and shove him into the hallway to be ridiculed by passersby. Afterward, Claudia comments on the danger she and Foxy now face after botching the assignment, Foxy promises to take Claudia somewhere safe. The next day, Elias informs Wall that Fenton convicted their drug dealers, and assures her that his men are searching for Foxy and Claudia. Meanwhile, Claudia sneaks out of Foxy's house in search of a drink. At a lesbian bar, Claudia (a closeted lesbian herself) talks to a woman named Bobbie (Jeanine Epper). Foxy finds Claudia at the bar and says they must leave, but Bobbie objects, challenging her to a fight. Foxy knocks Bobbie down with a stool, inciting a bar brawl. Outside, Claudia and Foxy spot Eddie, Bunyon and Elias. The men give chase and, while Claudia jumps over a fence and escapes, Foxy fights them. The men trap Foxy and, later, Wall watches as they torture her. Elias tells Wall Foxy's real name and identifies her as Dalton Ford's former girlfriend. Wall orders them to give Foxy a shot of heroin and send her to "the ranch." Sometime later, Foxy wakes up in a rundown house and finds one of her captors, Slauson (Boyd Red Morgan), sleeping. She hears Brandt (H.B. Haggerty), another captor, singing outside. Foxy sneaks out of the house, but Slauson, who was only pretending to sleep, lassos her with a rope, drags her back inside, and ties her to the bed. Brandt administers more heroin to subdue Foxy and rapes her. After Brandt has left the room, Foxy uses her mouth to grab a straight razor from the bedside table. Cutting the ropes, Foxy frees herself and grabs several wire hangers from a closet, twisting them into a makeshift weapon. In the kitchen, she leans through an open window, grabs one end of a siphon connected to a barrel, and siphons gasoline into a pot on the stove. When Slauson approaches, she strikes his face multiple times with the hangers and he falls to the floor. Brandt rushes inside, and Foxy douses him with the gasoline, setting him and the house on fire. After hearing about the fire and suspecting Foxy of starting it and killing two of her men, Miss Wall orders Elias to find and kill her. Soon after, Eddie and Elias burst into Link's apartment and demand Foxy's whereabouts. Link claims he doesn't know, and Elias shoots him dead and they kill Jennifer by slashing her neck. At the offices of Oscar's neighborhood committee, Foxy learns of Link's murder. Oscar leads her into a room where the committee responds to Foxy's request for help. Though they are hesitant to become involved in Foxy's revenge against Wall, she begs the men to aid her for the sake of her dead brother. The committee wants to know if Foxy has a plan, and she asks if anyone knows the name of the pilot who works for Elias. At a bar by the airport, Foxy flirts with Elias's pilot, Hays (Sig Haig), telling him that she's never been on a plane but wants to go. Obliging her, Hays takes Foxy on his next flight. Soon after, he lands his small plane near a hideout where Elias, Eddie, and Leroy await. Near the hideout, Oscar and his men approach two police officers guarding the area. As Hays greets Elias and his cohorts with the drugs, Foxy starts the plane back up and drives it toward Bunyon, running him over and killing him. She crashes the plane into a shed, and Elias's men shoot at her, but the neighborhood committee members arrive, armed with guns, and shoot back. After they trap Elias, Foxy looks on as one of the members begins to torture him with a knife. That night, Foxy carries a bag into Miss Wall's home, but Eddie and another henchman stop her and take the bag. Inside, he finds a jar containing Elias's genitals. Foxy removes a small hand gun from her afro, shoots and kills the two henchman, then shoots Wall in the shoulder when she lunges at Foxy with a knife. Instead of killing her, Foxy says she wants Miss Wall to live and suffer, along with Elias. Ignoring Katherine Wall's angry shouts and threats of revenge, Foxy walks outside, gets into a car with Oscar and they both drive away.
tt0343095
Drama
Conhea a vida de Moon, contada por ela mesma. Mais do que uma estrela de filmes porn, ela  uma garota gentil, charmosa, tmida, inteligente e, claro, extremamente sexy. Ela divide suas atenes entre os filmes e seu pai, portador de mal de parkison. Para Moon, seu trabalho se equivale a outro qualquer, no h culpa no que faz. Alis, para ela, o sexo  natural, seja como protagonista ou apenas uma observadora.
tt0086450
Comedy
In Warsaw, Poland, in 1939, a famous Polish actor, Frederick Bronski (Mel Brooks), runs a theater and its troupe of actors and staff. Most of of the Bronski Theatre's routines are comic in nature: a very popular sketch is titled "Naughty Nazis" and features Bronski himself playing Adolf Hitler acting buffoonish, singing about how he plans to take over Europe a piece at a time. Bronski's wife, Anna (Anne Banckroft), always plays second fiddle to her husband: he doesn't see her as an equal and even resorts to putting his wife's name on the playbill in parentheses. Germany invades Poland and the war soon comes to Warsaw. One of the theater staff asks Bronski if a few Jewish friends can hide out in the basement of the theater. He reluctantly agrees. When the Gestapo forces Bronski to cancel the Naughty Nazis sketch because it insults Hitler, Bronski announces that he'll perform his "world famous Highlights From Hamlet" routine. On stage, he begins to recite the play's famous "To be or not to be..." scene and a young Polish army office suddenly stands up and begins to walk out. Bronski is crushed (and actually gives a great performance instead of his usual below-average acting). The man, Lt. Andre Sobinski (Tim Matheson), meets with Anna in her dressing room -- the line "To be or not to be" was a signal for him to sneak backstage. Sobinski himself is an adoring and devoted fan of Anna's and is deeply smitten with her. One night, officials from the Gestapo arrive at the theater and demand that all Jewish cast and staff report to their headquarters and register. At first, Bronski refuses but when the Gestapo threaten to shut down the theater, he gives in. One of the staff, Anna's dresser Sasha, is a gay man. Arriving in Anna's room at night, she notices a pink triangle on his coat which he tells her is the shameful symbol that all gay men must wear under Nazi law, just like Jews having to wear a gold star of David. Warsaw is quickly overrun by the German Wehrmacht. The Bronskis home is seized by the Nazis and they go to live with Sasha. Sobinski, who is on assignment in England, is at a pub with a large group of other Poles who are mourning the fall of their country. One of the men, Professor Siletski (Jose Ferrer), is able to travel easily between Allied territory and Occupied Poland. When asked to take word to the families of the soldiers at the pub, he agrees, having all the men write down names and addresses. Sobinski asks Siletski to deliver a message to Anna, however he becomes suspicious when Siletski initially says he hasn't heard of her. Siletski backpedals a bit and says he'll deliver the message, a simple "to be or not to be." Sobinski meets with British officers and his own superiors, telling them that anyone from Warsaw, like Siletski claims, would definitely know who Anna Bronski is. Sobinski's superiors inform him that Siletski is actually a traitor and spy working for the Third Reich. All the people whose names he collected will be hunted down and executed as Polish underground members. Sobinski asks to be sent back to Warsaw to hunt down Siletski. At the theater, Sasha suddenly runs in having been chased through the streets. The Gestapo is rounding up homosexuals in addition to Jews. Since the theater will be meticulously searched, Sasha hides by dressing like Anna in a large musical number where Anna will join Bronski onstage. The number comes to a halt when Sasha's wig and hat fall off and he is immediately recognized by the Gestapo and arrested. The theater is also shut down and locked up indefinitely. Sobinski is able to steal into Warsaw and locates Bronski at Sasha's home. Anna is not there, having been summoned to Prof. Siletski's office at Gestapo headquarters. Sobinski tells Bronski about Siletski's plan: Siletski plans to turn the names he collected over to the head of the Warsaw Gestapo, Colonel Erhardt. Because Siletski and Erhardt have never met, Sobinski and Bronski devise a plan to have Bronski impersonate Erhardt and get the list from Siletski. The uniforms that the company uses for the Naughty Nazis sketch will be used to gather Siletski and bring him to the Bronski Theatre where a fake Gestapo office will be set up for the ruse. Siletski is brought to the fake office and meets with Bronski. He hands over the list and reveals that he'd printed up a duplicate list to be forwarded to Nazi HQ in Berlin. Bronski needs to stall for more time, but while he does he accidentally reveals that the chair he's sitting in is a prop from the theater. Siletski sees through the ruse and pulls out a pistol. Threatening to shoot Bronski in the back, he escapes into the theater. He's eventually found behind the curtain onstage and shot dead by Sobinski. With the death of Siletski complicating the situation, Bronski agrees to impersonate the dead professor and go back to Gestapo HQ, free Anna and find the duplicate list. He dresses like Siletski and wears a false goatee and meets Anna in Siletski's room. Waiting there for him is Erhardt's adjutant, Captain Schultz, who is to take him to meet with his commandant. Bronski asks for a private moment with Anna, finds the duplicate list and burns it; at the same time he confronts her angrily about her "affair" with Sobinski. She reminds him that he has to meet with Erhardt to continue the ruse and he reluctantly agrees. He also remembers to leave word at the desk that Anna can leave any time. Bronski is brought to Erhardt's office. Erhardt, a loud and brash and buffoonish type, asks him for the list. Bronski says that he's still compiling it but does have the names of 2 members of the Polish underground -- both names are prisoners that were executed earlier. Erhardt becomes confused and takes out his anger on Schultz. During the meeting, Erhardt also tells a few jokes about the crabby nature of the Fuhrer, which Bronski uses to his advantage in cowing the cantankerous Colonel. Meanwhile, two of the theatre staff are transporting the body of Siletski in a steamer trunk. They hit a bump and the trunk falls out of the back of the truck. Two Nazi soldiers find the body inside and it is returned to Gestapo headquarters. Anna herself is summoned to meet with Erhardt, who is smitten with her. He tells her that Hitler himself is coming to Warsaw to see the Bronski theatre troupe perform an exclusive show and that the theatre will be temporarily reopened. She asks him to release Sasha, but is flatly refused since he's scheduled for transport already. Bronski later arrives at Erhardt's office and Anna is released. However, Erhardt has other plans for Bronski: he has Bronski wait in his office with the dead body of Siletski. Bronski, having brought a 2nd fake goatee with him, uses a shaving kit in Erhardt's bathroom to shave Siletski's chin and attach the fake goatee. When Erhardt comes back in with goons to interrogate Bronski, Bronski challenges Erhardt to tug on the dead Siletski's beard. It comes off in Erhardt's hand. Believing that Bronski is Siletski, he also agrees to Bronski's demand to let Sasha go. Just as Bronski is about to leave, some of Bronski's staff arrive dressed as Nazis and tell the already flustered Erhardt that they've discovered a plot to assassinate the Fuhrer. Though they do not know that Bronski has already bluffed his way out of trouble, they pull off Bronski's fake beard anyway as proof and take Bronski and Sasha with them. Back at the theater, Anna tells everyone about the Fuhrer's impending visit. They all agree that they must flee Poland before their ruse is really discovered. They plan to sneak out of the theatre during a clown car number, then disguising themselves as SS officers and leave in the trucks and cars the real SS arrived in. Bronski himself will be disguised as Hitler, while one of his actors, Lupinsky, will recite Shylock's speech about Jewish heritage from The Merchant of Venice as a distraction for Hitler's elite guard, who are to be stationed outside his theatre box. Included in the escape will be all the Jews that have been hiding in the theatre. The performance goes off with few problems. Anna is unexpectedly met at the theater by Erhardt who continues to flirt with her. Lupinsky gives an impassioned reading of Shylock's monologue and is taken into "custody" and leaves with Bronski. After the clowns have all exited and Bronski is outside, he goes back inside to see what's delaying Anna. Erhardt is astonished to meet Hitler face-to-face and is left a babbling idiot when Bronski tells him he knows about a joke he'd cracked at Fuhrer's expense. The troupe drives to the airport. Most of them are able to board the Fuhrer's private plane but they are discovered by the nearby guards. Everyone makes it aboard, including Anna's little Shih-Tzu and they take off. Their compass is broken and they fly until they run out of fuel. They crash land in a large field. Bronski suggests that he go outside first in case they've landed in German-occupied territory. He finds a small pub and goes inside, still dressed like Hitler. The pub is British and the customers and staff are all shocked. Later, Bronski and Anna meet with British officials and are granted asylum in England until the war ends. Bronski requests that his troupe be allowed to perform, specifically Bronski's Highlights From Hamlet sketch. While in front of a respectful audience, he recites "To be or not to be..." and a young man suddenly rises and begins to excuse himself. Bronski is flustered. Before the closing credits roll, the cast all take congratulatory bows while the actors' names flash on the screen.
tt0071628
Horror
A young French woman is lured to an eerie off-the-grid mansion turned illegal prison. Little does she know, she is there to be sentenced and punished for her "crimes".
tt0071970
Drama,Thriller
Seattle, Washington. Senator Charles Carroll (William "Bill" Boyce), an independent senator, is holding a luncheon atop the Seattle Space Needle. Joe Frady (Warren Beatty), an alcoholic journalist, tries to gain entry to the luncheon, but is turned away. At the restaurant atop the Space Needle, Senator Carroll is holding a press conference when he is suddenly shot to death by an unseen assassin. Everyone looks around and sees a waiter holding a gun, and he is jumped by security guards. However, a second waiter (Bill McKinney), who also has a gun (and the real or second shooter) leaves unnoticed. The first waiter replies that he didn't do it, and he is chased over the roof of the building by guards, where he accidentally slips and falls off the roof to his death. The real assassin chuckles as he leaves the scene and reports to an unseen contact that the job is finished. Four months later, a commission holds a special public gathering and they conclude that the waiter, named Thomas Richard Lindern (Chuck Waters), acted alone and that there is no greater conspiracy to the assassination of Senator Carroll. Three years later. Joe Frady, writing for a Portland, Oregon newspaper, sets himself up to get arrested to get a story on a major drug bust. Frady is bailed out of jail by his boss and editor Bill Rintels (Hume Cronyn) who always complains that Frady is trying to create news rather than reporting it. Shortly thereafter, Frady is visited by Lee Carter (Paula Prentiss), a Seattle newscaster and his former girlfriend, who tells them that she fears for her life. Lee tells Frady that someone is trying to kill her and that six other reporters at the luncheon have all died mysteriously during the past two years. Frady shrugs her off by telling her that she's just being paranoid. But a few days later, Lee is found dead in her apartment. Frady investigates and the coroner tells him that she apparently killed herself with an overdose of sleeping pills, but Frady knows different. Frady tells Rintels that there is a story brewing here about the events behind the Senator Carroll assassination, and Rintels reluctantly agrees to let Frady pursue his story. Frady meets with a former FBI agent (Kenneth Mars) who informs him that they are many methods that can be used to make someone's death look like an accident or suicide such as certain drugs which are fatal, but show up that a person's heart failed on them. Frady travels to a small fishing village in upstate Washington where one of the witnesses to Carroll's assassination died. At the local bar, a rough deputy, named Red (Earl Hindman), tries to beat up Frady, but after a long and vicious fistfight, Frady wins, knocking out Deputy Red. The sheriff, L.D. Wicker (Kelly Thorsden), appears and applauds Frady for standing up to his loathsome deputy and he is rather friendly towards him. Frady asks the sheriff for information about the dead person, claiming to be an old friend. Sheriff L.D. takes Frady to the spot where the Carroll witness died: a small creek right in front of a large dam. The sheriff explains that the man, Alan Bridges, was fishing when a dam sluice had opened up, releasing tons of water to relieve pressure on the dam as it does every few days and that that Bridges was washed away and drowned. Just then, a siren announces that the dam sluice is opening again. Suddenly, the sheriff pulls a gun on Frady explaining that he cannot let him get too close to what happened to Mr. Bridges. Frady and the sheriff struggle and are swept away by the wall of water that hits both of them. Frady grabs a shore rock and makes it ashore while the sheriff is swept away and drowns. Taking Sheriff L.D.'s car, Frady goes to the sheriff's apartment to search it for evidence and finds test applications to the Parallax Corporation. Just then, Deputy Red arrives at the apartment looking for the sheriff and Frady runs. After a long and wild car case, Frady escapes from the deputy. Returning to Portland, Frady tells Rintels what happened and shows him the copies of the Parallax Corporation application tests, and that there's something big going on. But Rintels refuses to believe Frady is onto something. Frady takes the test application to a psychology lab where the attending psychoanalyst believes that the tests are for measuring one's mental state and ability to commit crimes. Frady allows a lab worker, and a former prison convict who served time for murder, to take the test. Using the alias of "Richard Paley", Frady submits the finished test result to Parallax. A few days later, Frady meets with Austin Tucker (William Daniels), a former Carroll aide, who has arrived in the country and claims that people are trying to kill him for Senator Carroll had many enemies from his past for his liberal views and work. Tucker and his aide/bodyguard take Frady out on a sailboat where he confides in Frady that there is indeed a wide conspiracy in the Carroll assassination and that Thomas Richard Lindern did not act alone and that a powerful corporation may have covered it up. Tucker shows photos that were taken of the luncheon on that day, and points to the second waiter in one of the photographs and asks Frady if he knows the man. Frady doesn't and asks why. Tucker tells Frady that it's probably nothing, but Tucker also explains that he cannot shake the feeling that the second waiter looks familiar. A few minutes later, the boat explodes from a bomb hidden in the cabin. Frady sitting on the bow of the boat jumps overboard, while Tucker and his aide, catching the full blast, are killed. Frady meets with Rintels and tells him about what happened and Rintels agrees to help Frady with his story. Using his alias, Frady checks himself into a fleabag motel in downtown Los Angeles, and a few days later a certain 'Jack Younger' (Walter McGinn), claiming to be a representative of the Parallax Corporation, contacts Frady in his room and says that his aggressiveness (as shown on the test answers) makes him valuable for certain corporations. Younger asks Frady/Richard Paley to join the corporation for the 'special projects' division. Frady goes to the Parallax offices in downtown L.A. and meets with Mr. Younger who shows him a special room where Frady is 'tested' with a series of brainwashing techniques with him being shown various photos and images of death and destruction as if to make him suitable for indoctrination. Frady becomes aware that this branch of the Parallax is a training ground for assassins. As Frady is leaving the building for the day when his 'tests' are finished, he spots the second waiter from the Tucker photo talking to some businessmen. Frady follows the second waiter/assassin outside to his car and tails him driving around the city. The assassin switches cars with another person, and obtains a briefcase which he takes to the local airport. The assassin checks himself on a plane to Chicago, and Frady checks himself on the same plane. The plane takes off, but the assassin does not board for he has apparently checked in his briefcase which has a bomb in it. On the plane, Frady sees that that assassin is nowhere to be found, and after seeing that a prominent senator on board, realizes that the plane must have a bomb on board. After trying to sneak a message on a restroom mirror, Frady anonymously passes a note on a napkin to a stewardess that a bomb is on board. The stewardess relays the news to the pilot who immediately returns the plane to Los Angeles. After everyone has disembarked, the plane explodes. Frady returns to his seedy motel room to find Mr. Younger waiting for him and he informs Frady that Parallax have already had an offer of employment for Frady, but he immediately expresses suspicion as a background check made by Parallax on Frady showed that some of his references were false. Frady then makes up a new alias for Younger explaining that he's an alcoholic and lied on his background to land a job. Younger offers to look into it and again promises Frady that Parallax is a great opportunity for people like him, and then leaves. Realizing that it will only be a matter of time before they discover his real identity, Frady secretly mails the Parallax test papers and an audiotape he made on a mini-tape recorder of his conversation with Younger to Rintels. Along with it is a note from Frady who explains that he may be in way over his head and that if anything were to happen to him, that Rintels should publish this information about Parallax and what they do on the sidelines of recruiting assassins to kill prominent officials who threaten or get too close to the corporation's nefarious plans. Rintels listens to the tape and finally realizes that Frady is onto something big. Rintels, who practically lives in his office and orders take-out food every day from a deli across the street, orders more food as he reviews more of the papers Frady has mailed to him. Just then, the deli delivery guy arrives with Rintels' latest food order. The delivery guy is the Parallax assassin in disguise. The next morning, Rintels is found dead by his employees in his office, dead from an apparent "heart attack" after he was poisoned. The evidence is gone and the audio tape has been erased. In Los Angeles, Frady, unaware of Rintels' murder and that he is now on his own, gets his first assignment to meet with his new co-worker at a local hotel for their "assignments". Frady sneaks out of the planned meeting place and goes to Parallax's offices asking to meet with Mr. Younger, but is told that Younger is out. Frady spots the Parallax assassin and follows him into the hallways of the L.A. Convention Center. Mr. Younger is there with more Parallax businessmen/assassins where they are talking about their latest plans. Frady watches them from a distance as Mr. Younger leaves and the Parallax assassin and a few others go to the platforms above the floor of the convention hall. Frady sees that down below Senator Hammond (Jim Davis), a prominent California senator, is rehearsing a speech he will give that night. Frady believes that the assassin is going to shoot the senator with a rifle that he loads and lies down on the walkway above the convention hall. Then, just as Senator Hammond is planning to leave before he makes his appearance, the assassin suddenly leaves, leaving Frady in hiding on the walkway, alone and locked in the area. Suddenly, shots ring out as one of the assassins shoots and kills Hammond with a second rifle from a concealed location, just as Hammond is riding in a golf cart out of the convention hall. Everyone looks up and around for the shooter, and sees Frady.... standing on the plank way above them near the unused rifle. THEY THINK HE DID IT!!!! Frady realizes (way too late) that he's been set up! Frady hides under the plank way as three Parallax security guards/assassins show up looking for him. When police sirens are heard, the three assassins flee, leaving the door to the exit wide open. After a few minutes, Frady tries to run for the exit, when the assassin appears as a menacing silhouette in the doorway (anticipating that Frady would do just that) and guns him down, and thus announces that they got the shooter. Several months later, a second congressional commission is held where the commissioner members (pompous and easily fooled) report that Frady had blamed Senator Hammond for the Carroll assassination and had sought revenge. Once again for apparently the countless time, the Parallax Corporation gets away with it when the commission rules that there is no conspiracy in the Hammond assassination and the Parallax name is not mentioned at all. Frady was the lone assassin. Case closed.
tt0076489
Comedy,Fantasy
Jerry Landers (Bob Denver), an assistant manager at a Food World grocery store in Burbank, California, receives a letter at his home after work summoning him to a meeting with God the following day. Jerry and his wife, Bobbie (Terri Garr), dismiss it as a practical joke and he tears the note up and throws it away. However, the next day, the note turns up in a head of lettuce at the store and Jerry feels compelled to honor the request. Jerry goes to the appointment meeting place in downtown Los Angeles, California, and finds an office with nothing but a chair and an intercom and he is greeted by a voice on the speaker. The voice attempts to convince the dubious Jerry that he really is God by demonstrating that Jerry is on the 27th floor of a building that actually has only seventeen floors. After Jerry leaves the building completely spooked, the voice begins talking to him through Jerry's supposedly broken car radio. God informs Jerry that he wants him to spread the word that God exists. At home, Jerry tells his wife all about the meeting and encounter. But naturally Bobbie does not believe Jerry and suggests that they go on vacation and visit his brother-in-law, who is a therapist, but Jerry insists he is not crazy, which fuels her suspicions about Jerry and his mental health. The following day, God speaks to Jerry in the shower and then appears to him in the guise of an elderly man (George Burns). When Jerry asks him how He can permit so much suffering in the world, God explains that the world is based on luck and free will. God tells Jerry that it is up to him to inform the world to heed his message, treat one another better, and look after the earth's natural resources. God urges him to go to the press. Jerry visits Briggs (George Furth), a Los Angeles Times reporter, that God asked him to be His messenger, but the journalist is skeptical. Later, God appears to Jerry at the grocery store and asks him to go for a drive. Jerry asks for a sign and God makes it rain inside the car. When Jerry is pulled over by a policeman to inquire about the water leaking from the moving car, Jerry lies to the motorcycle cop by claiming that he left the car windows down while driving through a car wash. After the policeman lets Jerry go with a warning, God is somewhat disappointed that Jerry lied to the cop to avoid getting in trouble and insists that Jerry spread his word with truth and no more lies. Jerry returns to the newspaper office (still soaking wet) and again tries to convince Briggs. The next day, the newspaper runs a story that includes Jerry among tales of various religious fanatics and Bobbie is mortified. Jerry explains that he has now seen God and needs her to believe him. She allows that Jerry believes he spoke to God, and they attempt to explain the situation to their children, Adam and Becky, but the boy and girl hope their father is just going through a phase and also think that he may be crazy. Later, a television news program picks up the story and the media surrounds the Landers' Tarzana, California, home. A Food World executive warns Jerry not to make any more claims that he has spoken to God if he wants to keep his job. In another meeting, God tells Jerry that there are no guarantees in life, and his job is a small price to pay for saving the world. When Jerry picks up Adam at school, his son is embarrassed to be seen with him, and Becky refuses to speak to him as well. At home, Bobbie pleads with Jerry not to jeopardize his career or their lives as their neighbors are now avoiding her. Later, Jerry appears as a guest on the Dinah Shore television show, on which a Los Angeles Police Department sketch artist produces a drawing of God based on Jerry's description. After the show airs, people begin to recognize Jerry where ever he goes. Bobbie is extremely upset when a crowd of religious zealots gathers outside the Landers' house. A committee of religious leaders of various faiths calls Jerry before them to verify his story. The committee sequesters Jerry in a hotel with fifty questions written in Aramaic, which he is to answer with God's help. God appears as a room service waiter and dictates the answers to Jerry and instructs him to take them directly to Reverend Willie Williams (Paul Sorvino), an evangelical preacher, whom God calls a fraud. Jerry attends Reverend Williams's revival meeting at the Shrine Auditorium and tells Williams's followers what God said which leads to a riot at the auditorium and Jerry getting thrown out by the hostile bounders. Reverend Williams then sues Jerry for slander. In court, Jerry acts as his own attorney and calls God to the witness stand. The judge threatens Jerry with contempt of court, but God enters the courtroom and testifies. Everyone in court can see and hear Him and He performs a card trick and makes himself disappear to prove his legitimacy; however, when the audio recording made by the court clerk is played back, God's voice cannot be heard and His testimony disappears from the stenographer's transcription. The judge dismisses the slander charge against Jerry, but rules there is no evidence that God appeared despite their mutual experience of the phenomena. Never the less, Jerry and Bobbie reconcile as she now believes him and of his encounters with God. As the film comes to an end, Jerry loses his job at Food World, collects his final check, and says goodbye to his co-workers. As he drives away, Jerry hears a payphone ringing in a park and stops to answer it. God materializes in the adjacent phone booth. Jerry asks if they failed to spread his message due to him loosing his job and all of his friends and neighbors still ostracizing him. God assures Jerry that they succeeded in getting His word out and now they just have to see what happens. With Jerry's work complete, God bids him goodbye and fades away.
tt0083133
Comedy,Horror,Mystery
Julie receives several telephone calls from a heavy "Breather" as she babysits at the Hummers' home, and is startled when her boyfriend, Charlie, sneaks into the house. They go upstairs to have sex, but Julie insists he take a shower first. Meanwhile, downstairs, the heavy Breather, wearing green rubber gloves and black boots, rummages through an assortment of murderous instruments on the Hummers' desk and chooses a paper clip, then stabs Julie to death. Charlie returns to the bedroom, and screams as a large green garbage bag attacks him. Later, the Hummers discover Julie's body in their bed and Charlie's corpse stuffed in the garbage bag. At the graveside funeral for Julie and Charlie, Principal Peters acknowledges the other events scheduled for the day, including classes, a parade, a football game, and the prom. Malvert, the janitor, steps forward wearing green gloves and black boots, and Peters warns him not to look so suspicious. Nearby, Toby confides to her friend, Hardy, that she warned Julie not to let Charlie help babysit. They watch as Joe and Bertha sneak away from the service to have sex in Joe's car. Realizing he forgot to bring protection, Joe leaves to purchase condoms. As Bertha waits in the car, the killer attacks her with a wooden horse head bookend. Joe returns with his condoms and is murdered by a stranger with a garbage bag. Later, at Lamab High School, as Mr. Dumpkin, the wood shop teacher, instructs his class on how to make horse head bookends, Toby shows Hardy the bloody horse head bookend she found at the crime scene. Dumpkin seizes the bookend and compliments Toby on her wood staining skills. Later, in the girl's locker room, the heavy Breather observes the girls changing clothes. When the others leave, Toby hears the Breather and runs away, but is frightened when she meets the strange-looking Malvert, who asks for assistance on a crossword puzzle. When the parade begins, Toby, Hardy, Principal Peters, his assistant, Miss Mumsley, and several teachers are in the crowd. A student, Ralph, rides with the float featuring fellow student, Dagmar, atop the school's mascot, a bull. Ralph persuades Dagmar to join him inside the float for sex. Dagmar complains the vehicle is moving too fast, so Ralph hurries to tell the driver to slow down. While he is gone, the killer climbs inside and kills Dagmar with an eggplant. When Ralph returns, he is attacked by a garbage bag. Worried about her friends, Toby climbs atop the float and drops inside as the bodies are tossed out the back. Seconds later, when Toby crawls out, onlookers accuse her of murder. In the principal's office, Toby is interrogated by Peters, the sheriff, Nurse Krud, and several teachers. Peters sends Toby for a psychiatric evaluation by Dr. Sigmund. As Toby leaves, Malvert urinates in a corner trash can, and Peters explains that Malvert was a teacher but sustained serious injuries in an accident and became the janitor. The heavy Breather telephones, disguises his voice by speaking through a rubber chicken, and announces he will kill someone at the football game. Meanwhile, Dr. Sigmund questions Toby about sex and her home life. She denies killing anyone and demands to return to class. As she enters her English class, Peters announces over the intercom that Dr. Sigmund thinks Toby might be the killer. Outside the school, Miss Mumsley asks Malvert to confess to the murders if suspicion falls upon Principal Peters. At the football game, Nurse Krud informs Dumpkin that the boys can die in a garbage bag without being killed first. To prove her point, they tie a student, Mawamba, in a bag. However, they are distracted by the football game, forget to free Mawamba, and he dies. Meanwhile, students, faculty and Malvert watch the game, and everyone notices when Joan and Al sneak under the bleachers to have sex. Joan is disgusted by the trash falling from the stands, so Al searches for a blanket and a broom. Despite Hardy's protestations, Toby goes to check on her friends, slips beneath the bleachers, and is knocked unconscious by falling trash while the killer murders Joan with a chalkboard eraser. Al returns, and is murdered with a garbage bag. When Toby regains consciousness, she overhears plans to find and arrest her. As the corpses are loaded into a van, Toby sneaks inside, and Hardy follows the vehicle on his bike. A short time later, Hardy is questioned by Peters, the sheriff, and several teachers. Attempting to shock Hardy, the sheriff lifts the sheet covering Al's body on the gurney. The others avert their eyes, so only Hardy sees that Toby also lies under the covers. The killer telephones again to reveal he will attack at the prom. After the adults rush out, Toby insists on going to the prom to clear her name, and stops at the drama department to disguise herself in a sexy outfit. Toby believes the clues are locked in Peters' office, and she needs the principal's keys, but cannot get them off his belt. Patti suspects Toby is hiding beneath the disguise, so Toby kisses Hardy, and Patti is fooled, believing the virginal Toby is incapable of such passion. Their kiss excites several teachers, including Dumpkin, who leaves the prom and heads to the wood shop. While Hardy sneaks to investigate Miss Mumsley's office, Toby approaches Malvert, and persuades him to get Peters' keys for her. Meanwhile, Miss Mumsley announces that since all the prom queen candidates, except Patti, are dead, the teachers voted to award the crown to Principal Peters. Patti is upset, so her boyfriend Scott suggests they have sex, and Dumpkin hides in the closet as the couple sneaks into the wood shop. Scott realizes he does not have a condom and leaves to get one. Patti is murdered with the prom crown and when Scott returns, he is killed with a garbage bag. Dumpkin's closet is attacked with a chainsaw. Dumpkin recognizes the murderer, tries to convince him not to use the chainsaw, and is killed with the chainsaw's case. Toby sneaks into Peters' office and accidentally unlocks a drawer of marbles, which spill onto the floor. As she finds evidence, Peters enters and admits he killed the female students, who were "naughty" for having sex. Despite Toby's claim that she is a virgin, Peters attempts to kill her with a school trophy, but slips on the marbles and impales himself. Toby runs into Miss Mumsley's office and discovers Hardy's body. Miss Mumsley, claiming to be Peters' father, admits to killing the male students to dispatch any witnesses to her son's murders. Toby runs away through the halls strewn with garbage bags, and is horrified to find her dead friends stalking her. Panicking, she falls out a window and drops several stories, but is awakened by Hardy's kiss, and finds herself in a hospital bed, recovering from swine flu. Her friends are still alive and the adults are very different people than in her dream-state, especially Mr. Mumsley. Later, as Toby and Hardy stroll through the woods, she reveals Dr. Sigmund's diagnosis that swine flu is caused by sexual repression, then suggests they have sex. While Toby undresses, Hardy slips on green gloves and strangles her. One hour later, at Toby's funeral, Hardy kneels to place flowers at her grave, but Toby's arms reach up through the dirt and grab him by the throat (al la 'Carrie').
tt0092906
Horror
Jody Bower (Carrie Lorraine) is an imaginative child on holiday with her annoying father, called David Bower (Ian Patrick Williams), a man only worried about the money of his second wife and Jody's stepmother, Rosemary (Carolyn Purdy-Gordon), a wealthy lady who finds Jody annoying. This lady is so mean that she throws Jody's teddy bear into the bushes - Jody imagines her teddy to become a huge real teddy who kills both her father and stepmother. Their car gets stuck close to a countryside house. Nobody answers when they knock the main door, but a storm breaks out, it's dark, they're lost, tired and cold, so they enter the place through a broken door. When the elderly owners of the house, Gabriel Hartwicke (Guy Rolfe) and Hilary Hartwicke (Hilary Mason), startle them. They are kind, they look like an old-fashioned marriage and they prepare dinner. There are three more people who appear that night at the mansion: two hitchhikers, Enid (Cassie Stuart) and Isabel Prange (Bunty Bailey), who are a kind of punk best friends - Isabel has the look of Madonna in her Who's That Girl? phase - and the childish man who pick them up, a kind young man called Ralph Morris (Stephen Lee). The Hardwickes say that they used to be toy makers. After dinner, they distribute everybody in different bedrooms. Isabel and Enid play loud music in their room, but Ralph is sent to another different room, and Jody is sent to her own room. Hilary gives Jody Mr Punch, a puppet-looking doll. There are weird dolls in every room. Isabel wants to steal the antiquities at the mansion, because Gabriel and Hilary they were old. Isabel is attacked, and bleeds after being pushed against the walls. We never see who the killer is. Jody sees the bloodied body. She tells her parents, but they don't pay any attention to her. She tells Ralph, who dismisses her, until he notices Jody's blood-stained slippers. He goes with Jody to check on Isabel. They don't find the body at first, but when they try to tell Enid, she panics. She blames Ralph, the same as Rosemary and David. David especially accuses Ralph of being a pedophile. Ralph and Jody ran away in separate ways. Rosemary is the next one to be attacked by the dolls. She is killed while she's in bed by tens of dolls who jump onto it and cut her in many places. When David comes back to their room, he tries to get intimate with her. He panics when he realises that he's dead and all bloodied. He blames Ralph. In fact, next opportunity he has, he tries to kill Ralph. All this doesn't mean that David believes Jody or even cares for her - they will punish her if she continues to misbehave. By then, Ralph has realised that the dolls may be the ones killing people. He has even heard Mr Punch speak to him directly. Although he panics at the beginning and he's attacked by the dolls, they accept that he's still a child at heart, so they won't hurt him. As soon as he realises that the dolls won't hurt Jody, he stops destroying the dolls. Meanwhile, Enid is attacked by the alive dolls. She manages to burn many of them, but they are too many, attacking from all directions at once, so she is eventually killed as well. Ralph has become such a friend of the dolls, that he won't use one to defend himself when David attacks him in a rage. David tries to fight him in spite of Jody's cries trying to stop him. Finally, Gabriel and Hilary appear. David says that Hilary is a witch, which Gabriel admits. They say that every visitor to their home is given the opportunity to be friendly to the dolls. If they are kind to the dolls, they won't be hurt at all; but visitors will be killed if they are nasty people. Hilary transforms David into another Mr-Punch-like doll. The Hardwickes tell Ralph and Jody that they are free to go. Jody gives Jody her teddy bear, but Jody decides that it should be left behind, as it would be happier at the Hardwickes', until she and Ralph come back for the following summer holidays. Ralph leaves in his now-running car. From now on, he'll be the one taking care of Jody, as her biological mother doesn't care about her either. Ralph cannot be more eager to leave. As Ralph and Jody leave, some new people have their car stuck in mud. The man who leaves the car to try to solve the situation looks as snobbish and rude as David used to be. -- written by KrystelClaire
tt0903627
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Julia is an alcoholic on the constant decline. She spends the nights partying, usually not knowing where she is, when she wakes up. Because of that, she loses her job. Her only friend, Mitch, a recovering alcoholic himself, makes her go to an AA meeting, where she meets her neighbour, Elena. A few days later, Julia passes out on the sidewalk in front of her apartment building. When she comes to, she's in Elena's flat. Elena starts to talk about her son Tommy, who lives with his grandfather, because his father died and Elena herself has a history of psychosis. The grandfather is very rich. Elena tells Julia that she wants to kidnap her son and go back to Mexico with him and she needs Julia to help her, she would pay her $50,000. Julia declines at first, but after a couple of drinks and overcoming a few doubts, she tells Elena that she'll do it. But Julia is not satisfied with the arrangement and goes to her old friend Nick, a former crook. She asks him to help her kidnap the child and ask for a ransom from his grandfather. Nick says no. Julia then goes to an acquaintance of hers, Leon, to ask him for help. She tells him that Elena owes her $5,000 and that she would split with him if helped her. He agrees to do it. Leon gets her a gun. Elena explains the plan. The boy and his guardian will be swimming at the river in a couple of days time. Julia should wait in the car close to the place, while Elena gets Tommy and then Julia shall drive them to the border. Elena asks Julia not to drink that day. Julia agrees to everything, getting very drunk before the whole thing. Mitch finds her and sleeps with her, telling her the whole story of how he lost his family through his alcoholism and that Julia should take care of herself and watch out. Julia leaves, not caring about what he said. Later, she discovers that Elena doesn't have any money after all. Finally, the day is here. Julia waits in her car, when Tommys guardian notices that he has a flat tire. He sees Julias car and walks up to her, asking for a car jack. She gives him one. When he returns and puts it back in the trunk, she hits him with the car, drives over him twice and then goes to get the boy. She locks Tommy in the trunk and takes off. In panic, she drives to a motel with him, in the desert. In the motel, she makes him take sleeping pills, binds him up and calls the grandfather and asks for a ransom, 2 mio dollars. They spend 2 days in preparation for the exchange. Julia and Tommy start to interact more. Julia leaves Tommy in the desert, promising him that she will bring him to his mum, before she drives into the city to get the ransom. But before Julia gets the money from the locker at the bus station, as arranged, she notices that theres police around and leaves in a hurry. When she comes back to the desert, Tommys gone. She spends the night looking for him, finally finding him in the morning, passed out and almost completely dehydrated. She gets him into her car, gives him water and then hides with him, not knowing what to do. In the evening, the border patrol finds her car while they are looking for immigrants. Again panicking, Julia takes off and arrives in Tijuana, Mexico with Tommy. Tommy starts to trust Julia and begins to look forward to meeting his mum. While they are shopping for clothes, Julia meets Diego, who offers himself as a tourist guide. She declines. Later she gets a call from Tommy's grandfather who tells her to call Mitch. She does and Mitch says that he has been in contact with the grandfather and that he would come to wherever she was and bring her the 2 million dollars, no questions asked. She tells him to come to Tijuana, which he will the next evening. In the evening, Julia and Tommy go out to get something to eat, running into Diego again. The next morning, they both wake up at his house. Tommy's in bed with a girl, when Diego gets him and brings him to Julia. They cuddle for a while before getting up. Julia enjoys the sun, when suddenly she notices that she doesn't know where Tommy is anymore. She gets the little girl Tommy woke up next to, to help her find Diego. Diego doesnt know where Tommy is, either, but is sure that he has been kidnapped. Anxiously they wait for something to happen, when Miguel, a taxi driver, turns up with a message: Somebody kidnapped Tommy and they want $50,000 ransom from Julia, who they take for his mom. Julia is devastated. She doesn't want something to happen to Tommy but she doesn't have the money either. But she tells Miguel that she will have the money in the evening and gives him her phone number. When he leaves, she leaves Diego behind and follows Miguel. He goes to the police station and her phone rings its the kidnappers. When Miguel comes back out, she continues to follow him until hes at home. She surprises him there, demanding answers. They start to fight and she shoots him. Then she starts to rummage through the flat to find some hint about Tommy's location. She finds nothing, but a little while later, a woman carrying groceries comes by looking for Miguel. On a whim, Julia follows her to an almost completely ruined apartment building. There she finds Santos and a friend of his, who have Tommy. Santos and his colleague scream at her in Spanish and threaten to kill her. Santos asks her how she found him and she tells him that Diego told her, where they were. Julia gets locked in with Tommy, promising him that she will get them out of there. A short while later, Diego shows up. He works with Santos and says that Julia lies, he hasn't told her anything. Santos doesnt believe him and finally shoots him. Santos friend leaves and Julia talks Santos into going with her and Tommy to the airport, where she would give him $1 million. Before they can get very far, though, Santos's friend shows up again. Mitch calls Julia and Santos overhears him talking about $2 million. He demands everything from Julia. His friend takes Tommy with him and Santos drops off Julia at a car. She drives to the airport, meets Mitch, who gives her the money and tells her that hell be waiting at the airport hotel for Tommy. Julia drives back and meets Santos. She tells him that she's not Tommy's mother, but that she kidnapped him herself and that she would give him $1 million to get the boy back. If he doesn't agree, she says, then he can shoot Tommy, she doesn't care. Santos agrees. They meet in the evening on two sides of a major, heavily traveled highway. Santos runs over to Julia, she gives him the money and he tells his friend to let Tommy go. But Tommy gets stuck in the middle of the road. When Julia tries to get him, she loses her gun and Santos takes his chance. He demands the other $1 million or he will shoot they boy. Julia tells him that the money is in the car and he and his friend take off, leaving them stranded in the middle of the road.
tt0084695
Horror
In a suburban Los Angeles neighborhood, a paperboy tosses a newspaper with the headline that screams: "MASS MURDERER OF 5 RUSS THORN ESCAPES". In one house, 18-year-old Trish Deveraux (Michele Michaels) wakes up, dresses, and gathers some dolls to throw away. Over her radio alarm clock, a news reporter talks about a mass murder, named Russ Thorn, who escaped from the state insane asylum where he was incarcerated since 1969 for killing five people in nearby Venice, California. Outside, Trish's parents are leaving for the weekend and her mother tells her that their next door neighbor Mr. Contant (Ryan Kennedy) is there if she needs help with anything. Her parents leave and Trish throws her bag of old dolls in a trash can and begins to walk to school. As she is leaving, someone takes one of the dolls out of the trash. At the local high school, two guys, named Jeff (David Millbern) and Neil (Joe Johnson), are talking about girls and about rumors of a slumber party that Trish is throwing at her house tonight. Jeff hits on a telephone repairwoman, named Mary, as she is fixing a phone line to one of the buildings on the school grounds. Neil pulls Jeff aside and the boys keep walking as the woman stands by her van. Suddenly, a man pulls Mary into the van and drills her to death with a large power drill. In the school gymnasium, Trish is playing basketball with the rest of her teammates. Trish is part of the school's girls basketball team. Jeff and Neil arrive to watch the girls practice and discuss the new girl, Valerie Bates (Robin Stille) whom is also on the court. The girls coach Jana (Pamela Roylance) yells to get the girls motivated. Valerie impresses the coach by scoring a few baskets, but the others ignore her because she is the new girl at school. In the locker room showers, Valerie continues to be ignored until Trish approaches her and compliments her on her basketball skills. A little later, Trish suggests to her teammates Diane (Gina Mari), Jackie (Andree Honore) and Kim (Debra Deliso) about inviting Valerie to their slumber party. But Diane rejects the idea and begins to bad-mouth Valerie to the rest of the girls. Valerie hears the girls and begins to leave until she is stopped by Trish. Valerie coldly says that she cannot come over to Trish's house for the party and she leaves. Outside the gym, the group is leaving as Trish, Jackie, Kim, Diane, and another teammate named Linda (Brinke Stevens) discuss the party and they are joined by Jeff and Neil. They are observed by the killer Russ Thorn (Michael Villella), a wild-eyed, casually dressed, middle-aged man watching them from the telephone repairwoman's van. Linda returns to the gymnasium to her locker to get a book as Russ Thorn watches the group leave, passing by a dumpster, with the dead telephone repairwoman in it, as well as Coach Jana also leaving the gymnasium. As Linda retrieves a book from her locker, she finds that she is locked in the building. As she looks for a way out, Russ Thorn appears and walks up to her in the hallway and attacks her with the large phallic power drill, drilling through her left arm. Linda runs and hides in the dark shower room and under a counter door. After looking around, Thorn sees her blood seeping under the door and drills right through the door. Linda screams, but her screams do not last long. Thorn runs back to the van and drives off. While walking home from school, Diane meets her boyfriend John Minor (Jim Boyce) who surprises her. John asks Diane if she can get around the no-boys-allowed rule at Trish's party. Diane tells John to call her later at Trish's house to ask again. Across town, Coach Jana arrives home only to be surprised when a drill bit crashes through her front door, but it is only her carpenter Pam drilling a peak-hole for her front door. Jana asks the carpenter if she had seen her pet cat, but she hadn't. Meanwhile, Trish arrives home and talks on the phone with Diane until she hears a noise, and is scared by Mr. Contant, who offers to sit and wait with her until the girls arrive. At Coach Jana's house, she hears a noise and opens up a closet door to find her cat, Muffin, jump out and scare her. At nightfall, the driller killer, Russ Thorn, arrives in the telephone repairwoman's van on Trish's street, where he gets out, and lurks in the bushes around Trish's house. Jackie and Kim arrive at Trish's house and show her a bag of marijuana they brought with them and begin to smoke some of it. Mr. Contant walks in and does not seem to mine and he leaves the house, walking next door to the right of Trish's house. Coincidently, the other next door house to the left of Trish's is the Bates home where Valerie is with her younger 14-year-old sister, Courtney (Jennifer Myers), and looking after her while their divorced mother is away for the weekend as well. Valerie checks outside when she hears a noise to see an overturned trash can. Meanwhile, Jeff and Neil arrive and lurk outside the house on the other side to watch the girls change their clothes, smoke more pot, and make a fire in the fireplace. Inside the house, the girls hear a noise and investigate the kitchen, only to find that Diane has arrived. Trish suggests ordering a pizza, and Diane goes outside to get more wood for the fireplace. She meets Mr. Contant, who is chopping snails with a meat cleaver. Diane says goodnight to him and leaves. Just as Mr. Contant is preparing to snag another snail, the driller killer walks up to him from behind and drills him through the neck. A little later, Russ Thorn continues lurking outside the house and just when he is about climb in through a window, Trish appears and closes the window, unaware that he is there. When she looks again, the sees a melted doll (the same one she threw in the garbage earlier), stuck up to the window with the meat cleaver. Trish and Diane go to the garage to check if there is someone there and see that it is not locked. Diane calls John on the phone, while the stoned and giggly girls listen in on the line. Diane hears them and tells John to come over soon. Just then, the lights in the house go out. The girls go to the garage to check the fuse box and find some fuses missing. The are scared by Jeff and Neil, and in turn Jeff gets punched by Trish for scaring them. Trish forces them to re-install the fuses, making the lights in the house come on again and all of them go inside. Next door, Valerie hears a noise again and she sees both trash cans lying down on the ground. Courtney thinks that it just may be some stray dogs looking for food. Courtney looks through her bedroom window at Trish's house, curious about the party going on and she sees John pulling up on the driveway in his car. John honks his car horn and Diane comes out saying she cannot leave right now. John pulls his car into the garage. Meanwhile, Courtney suggests crashing Trish's party while Valerie brushes her hair. Valerie tells her sister that she just wants to be alone and does not feel very sociable. In Trish's garage, Diane and John are making out in his car while the others are inside. John suggests going over to his house for some intimate time and Diane goes in the house and tells Trish that she and John are going out for beer. Trish, aware that Diane only wants to go someplace to have sex with John, replies "you don't have to ask my permission, Diane". Diane returns to the car where she gets in the front seat only to find John's head falling off his body. She screams, but her screams are not heard because the girls inside are running a blender to make margaritas. Diane crawls out of the car and is killed by Thorn, who is still in the garage. Next door, Courtney thinks that she hears honking and screaming, but Valerie says that it's nothing. Courtney again asks Valerie if they could go over to the party, but Valerie again refuses. Courtney retreats to her bedroom while Valerie stays downstairs and turns on the living room TV to watch a movie. At Trish's house, the front doorbell rings and the group thinks its the pizza guy. Jeff asks through the door "what's the damage?" he hears a voice through the door saying "six... so far". Kim and Jackie are on the phone with Coach Jana to ask about an upcoming basketball game, and the front door is opened to find a dead pizza delivery guy, his eyes gorged out, who falls through the doorway and lands on the floor..... with the pizza still in his dead arms. The girls scream and Trish hangs up the phone to call the police, but Thorn cuts the phone lines. Coach Jana hears the screaming on the other line before she gets cut off. Jana tries calling the girls back, but there is no answer. Coach Jana calls Valerie suggesting checking out the house and she says that she will drive over there to help check it out herself. In Trish's house, Jeff and Neil arm themselves with kitchen knives and begin to lock all the doors and windows of the house. After a while, Jeff suggests that they make a run for it to get help. Neil decides to make a run for Valerie's house while Jeff will make a run for Mr. Contant's house to get to a phone. Trish and the girls reluctantly agree. Jeff goes out the back door while Neil runs out the front door. But by splitting up, the guys guarantee their own demise. Jeff has to run through the back yard and through the garage to get out the back way where he finds a dead Diane in the garage. Thorn is in the garage waiting for him and drills Jeff in the back. Thorn then runs after Neil who makes it to Valerie's front door and begins frantically knocking and screaming for help. But Valerie either ignores the knocking or doesn't hear it due to the loud television. Courtney doesn't hear Neil calling for help either because she is on her phone in her bedroom talking to a friend while playing loud rock music on her radio. Thorn approaches and attacks Neil in which he manages to twist the knife Neil has from his hands and gorily stabs the boy to death. When Valerie finally goes to the front door, she cannot see anything as Thorn is carrying Neil's dead body back to the garage and throws him in the trunk of John's car where the dead bodies of John, Mr. Contant, and Diane are stuffed in. Thorn counts the bodies and realizes that one is missing. It is Jeff, who despite being gravely wounded, is crawling back towards the back door. Inside, Trish, Diane, and Kim sit in a circle with knives in their hands. Jackie goes for the dead pizza boy's delivery and enjoys a slice of pizza. The girls hear the wounded Jeff scraching on the back door. But they are too afraid to open the door thinking that it might be a trick. Then they hear Thorn approach Jeff and drill him to death. Meanwhile, Coach Jana gets in her car and begins to drive over to Trish's house, while Valerie goes upstairs to find Courtney gone. Valerie sees her sister walking to Trish's house and runs after Courtney. Courtney sees Valerie approaching and ducks away from her by running around the side of the house. Valerie goes up to the front door and rings the doorbell and knocks on the front door. When she gets no reply, she leaves. Jackie runs to the front door from the kitchen to let Valerie in and when she opens it, Thorn is now standing there and swipes the drill across Jackie's neck, killing her. Trish and Kim run upstairs and barricade themselves in Trish's bedroom. Meanwhile, Valerie finds Courtney in the back of the house and she tells her that she does not think anyone is home after looking in the windows and seeing no one. Valerie tells her that she will check the front door again. She walks inside the house through the front door after finding it conspicuously wide open after knowing that the front door was closed and locked just a few minutes ago. Valerie calls out the girls' names, and, upstairs, Kim wants to respond, but Trish suggests that Valerie might be helping the killer. Looking around the downstairs and finding nobody in sight, Valerie walks out through the kitchen into the backyard to find Courtney gone. Upstairs in Trish's bedroom, Trish and Kim talk about what they are going to do, when Thorn sneaks in through a window and attacks them. Trish defends herself by knocking the driller killer down with a baseball bat and then tries moving the furniture away from the blocked door. But Thorn quickly revives and Kim attacks him with a knife. Thorn twists the knife out of Kim's hands and stabs her to death. Trish runs and hides in her parents' bedroom closet. While Thorn searches for Trish upstairs, Valerie goes outside and finds Courtney and they go back inside Trish's house where they find Kim's dead body in the refrigerator. (Note: there is a minor plot hole here as well as some cheating as one would wonder why in the world would the killer drag Kim, after having killed her upstairs, downstairs to the kitchen to stuff her into the refrigerator, and in such a short time). Both girls scream, and Thorn hears them. Valerie sees the shadow of Thorn on the stairway and hides in the basement while Courtney ducks under the living room couch. Thorn walks downstairs and looks around and sees no one. He closes the front door and drags the dead pizza guy away into the basement, while Valerie hides under the basement stairs. Then, for some odd reason, Thorn lies down on the living room floor and covers himself with a blanket. A few minutes later, Coach Jana arrives at the house and calls out the girls' names and walks inside. Courtney, still hiding under the living room couch just feet away from Thorn, Trish, still hiding upstairs, and Valerie, still hiding in the basement, do not call out in fear of being discovered by the killer. When Coach Jana approaches a figure, covered, on the living room floor, Thorn jumps up and goes after the coach with the drill while she defends herself with a fireplace poker. Courtney intervenes and trips Thorn, who gets beaten by the coach with the fireplace poker, and Trish runs in and stabs Thorn once in the back. He sits back up and slashes Coach Jana across the chest with the drill, killing her, and knocks Trish to the floor. Speaking for the first time, Thorn makes a remark to Trish how pretty she is and that all of her friends are very pretty. The driller killer tells Trish that "it takes a lot of love for a person to do this." Just then, Valerie runs up from the basement, wielding a large machete and swings it at Thorn who runs out the back door and stands by the backyard swimming pool while Valerie continues swinging the machete at him. With a powerful swing, Valerie chops off his drill bit and further attacks, chopping off Thorn's left hand and slashes him in the abdomen in which he falls into the pool. Valerie drops the machete and she and her sister embrace. Thorn crawls out of the pool and jumps atop Valerie to get at the machete. Courtney tries to stop him, but Thorn punches her in the face and knocks her aside. Trish runs out and attacks him again. Thorn knocks Trish down and jumps for Valerie, who grabs the machete, and he lands right on top of it. Thorn falls to the ground, dead at last. The shaken Trish, Valerie, and Courtney look on as police sirens are heard in the distance.
tt0105378
Comedy
A Kafkaesque story set in a dark, nameless city in a time that might be the 1920s or '30s. A killer () walks the alleys and underground passages. He corners a man and strangles him with piano wire. Max Kleinman (Woody Allen) is roused from a sound sleep in the middle of the night by a group of his fellow citizens who want Kleinman to help them catch the killer. Despite his protests of uselessness, the vigilantes tell Kleinman to get dressed and meet them outside. Kleinman's landlady (Camille Saviola) comes in to help him, suppressing his objections as she bustles about. He worries that he might run into his boss, who is considering him for a promotion, and make a bad impression. She suggests that he marry her, which would make him half owner of the rooming house so he would no longer need his job. Before he goes she gives him some pepper and tells him to blow it in the killer's eyes if he needs to get away. When Kleinman comes outside, the vigilantes have gone. He wanders around looking for them. Irmy (Mia Farrow), a sword-swallower with the circus, and Paul (John Malkovich) the clown, her lover, are talking in their caravan after the show. Irmy reminds Paul of their plans to quit the circus, get married and have children. He replies that he's an artist and needs to concentrate on his work until he can make a name for himself. She says that if she doesn't have a baby soon, she might not be able to, and starts to cry. The clown tries to comfort her. Then he says he'll talk to the head of the circus and goes out to find him. On the way he's distracted by Marie (Madonna), the tightrope walker, and goes into her caravan, where her husband the strongman is asleep. But Irmy sees him go in and comes raging to the door, catching the couple in flagrante. She's furious; she pushes Paul around and tells him she doesn't want his baby. Kleinman stops to see the doctor (Donald Pleasence) in hopes of learning where to find the vigilantes. The doctor has performed autopsies on the killer's victims -- apparently there have been several, and some of them are still lying on the doctor's examining tables. He believes that if he can dissect the killer's brain he will be able to identify the physical manifestation of evil. All this makes Kleinman even more nervous than usual, and the doctor gives him a glass of sherry to calm him down. He is surprised and disapproving when he learns that Kleinman doesn't know his part in the plan to catch the killer, and urges him to find out quickly what's expected of him. Kleinman goes back out into the foggy night. Shortly afterward the killer comes in. The doctor gets out of the house, but the killer pursues him and the doctor is caught in a blind alley and strangled. Irmy, carrying a suitcase -- running away from the circus! -- crosses a bridge and comes across a prostitute (Lily Tomlin). They chat and Irmy confesses she has nowhere to sleep. The prostitute offers her a bed at the whorehouse, where the other prostitutes (Kathy Bates, Anne Lange, and Jodie Foster) feed Irmy and make her feel welcome by talking about themselves and their work as they eat. One (Lily Tomlin) explains how she came to be a whore: her husband needed an operation and they were broke, so she sold her body to pay the doctor. When her husband found out how she raised the money, he kicked her out. When the customers arrive, the prostitutes leave the kitchen to greet them. A student called Jack (John Cusack), a regular, catches sight of Irmy and suddenly no one else will do. He offers more and more money, despite being told that she isn't an employee, eventually reaching the huge sum of $700 -- his gambling winnings for the night. Irmy accepts and they repair to a back room. Kleinman goes to the police station to protest the arrest of the Mintz family, who are considered undesirable, on no particular charge (though one of the cops feels that the arrest will be justified post facto if the killings stop while the family is locked up). Kleinman gets nowhere with his protest, but learns that the doctor has been murdered and that the police know the killer entered the doctor's laboratory. They have a glass they believe bears the killer's fingerprints. Kleinman realizes that the prints on the glass are his. Irmy and Jack, having concluded their business, exchange compliments as they dress -- they both enjoyed the experience. Irmy is hauled into the police station; the police have raided the whorehouse and arrested her because she doesn't have a prostitute's license. Irmy loudly protests that she isn't a prostitute, she works at the circus. They don't believe her; if she's not a prostitute, where did she get $700? She pays a $50 fine and is released just after Kleinman, having swiped the incriminating sherry glass, slips out. He offers to escort her. They encounter a vigilante who (after castigating Kleinman for not knowing his role in the plan) insists that Kleinman help him capture a man who is lurking in an alley. Kleinman is unable to wriggle out of it and shamelessly hides behind Irmy when she offers to help. The man in the alley, when captured, turns out to be Kleinman's boss, Mr. Paulsen (Philip Bosco); he was peering through a window at a woman who was undressing, and he's not pleased to be caught. He tells Kleinman he won't be getting the promotion he was hoping for; it sounds likely that Kleinman will lose his job. In search of Irmy, Paul wanders into a bar, where he gets to talking with Jack. He's flabbergasted when Jack confides that he just paid $700 to have sex with a sword swallower -- who is clearly Irmy -- and it was marvelous for both of them. ("I think she's got a lover who doesn't service her too well -- some poor clown... I gave her the best time she's had in years.") As Irmy and Kleinman approach a church, Irmy explains that she wants to donate her remaining prostitution earnings to charity. She asks Max to take the $650 into the church for her. Inside, he finds a priest (Josef Sommer) and a police official (Ira Wheeler) engaged in making a list; they tell him to go away and become irritated when he diffidently calls their attention to his errand. When the priest grasps the size of the donation (and the cash), though, he makes the policeman remove Kleinman's name from the list. Back in the street, Kleinman and Irmy meet a woman (Eszter Balint) who asks them for help. She has a baby (Rebecca Gibson) but no money, no food, and no family or friends to help her. At Irmy's request, Max goes back to the church and takes back half of her donation so they can give it to the destitute woman. The priest and the cop put Kleinman's name back on their list, but he brings out $300 and gives it to the grateful mother. Looking for a place for Irmy to spend the rest of the night, Kleinman takes her to the house of his fiance Eve (Kate Nelligan) and asks Eve if Irmy can sleep on her couch. Eve, annoyed at being woken up and entirely unsympathetic to Irmy, refuses. She adds ominously that she'll speak to Max about this later. As they walk away, Max admits that Eve is a cold fish. He and Irmy walk to what seems to be a river embankment and stop to look at the stars. An acquaintance of Kleinman's discovers them and reveals that there are at least three vigilante factions, and the leader of the group that rousted Kleinman out of bed has been killed by one of the other factions. The man tries to force Max (at knifepoint) to join his own vigilante group. During the discussion Kleinman's original group shows up, and everyone is suspicious of Kleinman. Irmy is supportive, but can't help much. A crowd approaches, bringing with it a psychic called Spiro (Charles Cragin) who claims to discern secrets by literally sniffing them out. He applies his nose to Max and indicates that Max has something hidden in his suit coat. A cop comes up and extracts the doctor's sherry glass, which the crowd takes as evidence that Kleinman is the killer. Kleinman escapes by throwing his landlady's pepper in his captors' eyes and running off. With the mob in hot pursuit, Kleinman runs to the dressmaking shop of his former fiance Alma (Julie Kavner), who lets him in reluctantly and throws him out again after a brief review of the circumstances of their break-up (he failed to show up at the wedding and was found having sex with her sister in a broomcloset). Irmy, left on her own, is jumped by Paul, who is furious about her infidelity. As they argue, they hear a woman scream. In an alley, they find the body of the woman with the baby to whom Irmy gave money earlier in the evening. Paul finds the baby nearby. Irmy immediately decides that they must keep her, as she knows the baby has no one to care for her. Paul tries to talk her out of it, objecting (among other points) that they can't afford a baby. Irmy finds her $300 on the corpse. When she tells Paul she's going to raise the baby whether he helps or not, he comes around. Kleinman is welcomed at the whorehouse, where Jack is chatting in a philosophical vein with the prostitutes. He draws Kleinman into the discussion, but one of the women (Jodie Foster) draws him out again to take him upstairs. Kleinman can't get it up and leaves in a hurry when another whore (Lily Tomlin) tells him that some men are looking for him. Dodging the torch-wielding mob still searching the streets for him, he runs into his workplace rival, Simon Carr (Wallace Shawn). Carr tells Kleinman that Mr. Paulsen has given Carr the promotion, and repeats some highly unflattering remarks Paulsen made about Kleinman. Kleinman asks if Carr has seen a woman matching Irmy's description, and Carr says he saw her heading toward the circus with a man and a child. In their caravan, Irmy and Paul are feeding and fussing over the baby. Paul has become very protective of her and is full of plans: he wants her to go to school; he doesn't want her to grow up as a circus gypsy; he wants to have another baby so she won't grow up alone. Irmy is delighted, particularly by the last plan. She goes outside to get some water and is stalked by the killer. Max defends her, giving her time to escape. Then, having drawn the (slow-moving) killer's attention, he runs away, fetching up in the big top. The tent is deserted except for Armstead the magician (Kenneth Mars), who is getting drunk to celebrate the circus's closing performance. Kleinman gushes that he is an amateur magician and Armstead is his idol. When the killer enters the tent, Armstead, saying something about a mirror illusion, calls Kleinman over to a large mirror in the center of the ring. He steps into it and urges Max to follow, but has to pull him through when the killer gets too close. The flummoxed killer can see Kleinman and Armstead in the mirror but can't get at them; Max taunts him. He flips the mirror, turning Max and the magician upside down, then smashes it with a pole. This causes the inmates to appear in another mirror at ringside. Armstead waves his hands and a large cage descends on the killer, trapping him. Max and Armstead throw a cloth over the cage, Armstead waves his hands again, and when Max removes the cloth the killer is gone -- but reappears across the ring, securely shackled to a chair. The arrival of a mob of circus performers led by Irmy leaves Max little time to marvel over this performance. After some shouting, Max and the magician lead the mob to the killer -- who has once again disappeared, leaving his chains empty. As they file out of the tent with the performers, Irmy tells the others that Max saved her, and tells him how brave he was. He replies that he can be brave as long as he doesn't think about it. She says that the circus will be pulling out in a few hours and asks what he'll do. Armstead mentions that he needs an apprentice. Kleinman becomes excited at this prospect and tries several times to demonstrate a trick with a coin, but fails. Armstead is unconcerned by Kleinman's clumsiness and offers him the job. Kleinman objects that he can't just run away and join the circus (though it sounds like the solution to all his troubles); he says he'll go back to real life and marry his landlady. Armstead speaks darkly of "the grey hat of compromise." Max walks Irmy to her trailer, where they shake hands and say goodbye. Max stands thinking for a minute. Max follows Armstead back to the big top, where he accepts the apprenticeship and dismisses Armstead's warning that the pay is very low. One of the performers says that everybody loves Armstead's illusions, and Armstead replies, "Loves them? They need them -- like they need the air." Then he waves his hands and he and Max disappear.
tt0118564
Drama,Mystery,Thriller
Wade Whitehouse (Nick Nolte) drives his daughter Jill (Brigid Tierney) to a Halloween party, as his brother Rolfe (Willem Dafoe) narrates the opening story. Wade is the sheriff of Lawford, a small New Hampshire town, and knows everyone in town. Wade is divorced from his wife, and Jill doesn't want to be at the party. Wade runs into his friend Jack (Jim True-Frost), who's planning to take hunting party out the following day. The next day, Jack tries to bolster his hunting guest's (Sean McCann) confidence while Jack appears a bit shaken from his daughter's rebellion. Wade also operates the town snow plow, and hears about a hunting accident with Jack and his guest Twombley. Wade and Gordon LaRiviere (Holmes Osborne) head to the woods and hear that Twombley was shot dead. Gordon wants to keep a lid on the accident, but Wade starts asking questions. Wade finds out that Twombley was scheduled to testify against organized crime. He talks to his brother Rolfe and says he's getting a divorce lawyer and may start to "bite back". He serves a traffic violation to Mel Gordon, who's Trombley's son-in-law, who threatens to get Wade fired. Wade continues to probe for the truth. Wade spends time with Margie Fogg (Sissy Spacek), and wants to marry her. He tests his theories to her, but she thinks he's crazy. Through various flashbacks, we learn that Wade and Rolfe's father Glen (James Coburn) was an abusive drunk. Wade takes Margie to see his folks. His father is still a drunk, and his mother (Joanna Noyes) is dead. Rolfe breaks the news to his sister Lena (Martha-Marie Kleinhans), and the remaining family gathers together. Glen lashes out at his sons and daughter in grief, and Wade threatens him. Wade and his ex-wife Lillian (Mary Beth Hurt) have a tense discussion at the funeral. Rolfe and Wade talk about the murder, and Rolfe thinks Mel (the victim's son-in-law) organized the hit to keep potential illicit affairs from becoming public. Jack covered it up so as not to lose his hunting license. Mel Gordon talks to Wade's boss, and Wade reviews his custody case with his lawyer (Eugene Lipinski). Afterwards, Wade's boss offers him a new car and tries to keep Wade from prosecuting Mel. Wade now believes Gordon is in cahoots with Mel and Jack. Later, Wade follows Jack in his car and confronts him. Jack pulls out a rifle and shoots Wade's tires. Wade returns to Margie's diner, where she's babysitting Glen. Glen is belligerent, and they fight. He calls Rolfe and describes his latest theory. Wade goes to Alma Pittman (Marian Seldes), who explains that Glen's land and the area around it is being bought by Gordon and Mel. Wade confronts Gordon and Jack in Gordon's office, then storms out, fired by Gordon. Rolfe's advice is to take care of small things, like his recurring toothache and broken transmission. Glen and Margie argue, and Wade finally pulls his tooth with pliers. Wade picks up Jill for visitation, and Lillian is angry about the lawyer. Jill doesn't want to spend time with Wade, and he gets angry. His world is falling apart. Margie leaves him, and Wade strikes Jill. After they leave, Glen and Wade fight, and Wade clubs Glen, killing him. Numbly, Wade douses Glen in gasoline and sets him and the garage on fire. He walks into the kitchen, pours himself a drink, and watches it burn. Rolfe narrates the end of the story. Wade kills Jack, thinking his theories were correct. Lawford is now a zone near the ski resort built by Gordon LaRiviere and Mel. Wade's whereabouts are unknown. (previous synopsis) The real drama takes place inside the mind of the lead character, Wade. "What is real?" is the fascinating question here. How far do we go to rationalize our acts and desires? This flick is definitely worth watching from a psychological standpoint!
tt0074258
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
Ben and Marion Rolf and their son, 12-year-old Davey, drive to a remote and rundown Victorian mansion that was advertised for a summer rental. Walker, the handyman, answers their knock at the door and lets them look around. Davey plays outside while Ben and Marion find a greenhouse full of dead flowers. Roz Allardyce, a woman in her late fifties, greets the Rolfs, and the couple informs her that Ben's Aunt Elizabeth will also be joining them for the summer. After Roz and Ben negotiate the oddly low, one-time rental price of $900, they are joined by Roz's wheelchair-bound brother, Arnold. The two siblings rave about how the house is "practically immortal." Also, Arnold and Roz tell the Rolfs that their 85-year old mother is living upstairs, and they will have to take food to her every day over the summer. Davey, bleeding, comes inside after being hurt. Everyone except Arnold leave to help Davey clean the cut. When Walker passes by to throw out a dead potted plant, Arnold tells him that the plant isn't dead. Surprisingly, Walker notices a new leaf is growing in the pot. A few days later, the Rolfs come back with seventy-four-year-old Elizabeth to find the mansion's key and a note saying that Arnold and Roz had to leave. Ben is upset that they didn't include a number where to reach them. Marion goes to the upstairs parlor and knocks on Mrs. Allardyce's bedroom door. Getting no answer, she draws back the parlor curtains to let more light in and admires a table full of old photos and a music box. Noticing a tray of dirty dishes, Marion carries them downstairs. Marion tells Ben she didn't see Mrs. Allardyce and then declares that the third floor is off bounds to everybody except her. The old lady will be Marion's responsibility. Elizabeth then declares that all the clocks in the house have stopped working. The next day, Ben and Davey restore a dilapidated pool, and then find the Allardyce family graveyard while exploring the surrounding woods. Ben notices there are no graves more recent than 1890. A week passes and still Mrs. Allardyce doesn't respond to Marion's knocking. Also, her tray is barely touched. Marion opens the music box and a dreamy expression crosses her face as the music plays. Meanwhile, Elizabeth, Davey and Ben are at the pool. Ben dives in and finds a pair of broken glasses that he puts on. Davey jumps in and, although the boy can't swim, Ben lets his son somersault off his shoulders. Suddenly, Ben thrusts Davey down and holds him under the water. Ben doesn't let go until Davey hits him in the face with his scuba mask. During the night, Ben dreams he is a boy and is being driven to his mother's funeral by a skeletal chauffeur with an evil grin. The next morning, Marion goes to the pool where she is shocked to see that it looks brand new. In the living room, Ben apologizes to Davey. That evening, Marion finds Ben by the pool, which she suggests that she polished up to look new. At Marion's cajoling, Ben jumps in and, a minute later, she strips down and joins him. They embrace, but Marion quickly pushes him away and gets out. Ben follows and tries to make love to his wife on the front lawn, but when Marion sees lights on in the old lady's room, she runs away. Going into the parlor, Marion opens the music box and falls asleep. The next morning in the kitchen, Elizabeth complains to Marion that the summer vacation is wearing her out. Elizabeth also notices the new gray growing in Marion's hair. Then, instead of taking a nap, Elizabeth brings Mrs. Allardyce a picture she has painted of the house. Elizabeth can barely climb the stairs without collapsing. Responding to Elizabeth's knocking on the parlor door, Marion says that Mrs. Allaradyce is asleep. Out front, Ben sees a model T hearse drive up that is being driven by the grinning chauffeur from his nightmare. Ben covers his face and, when he looks again, the hearse has disappeared. At midnight, all the clocks reset by themselves and chime the hour. Waking up, Ben smells gas coming from a heater in Davey's room. Ben kicks the locked door down and carries Davey out to a hallway window. After turning off the gas, Ben smashes out a stuck bedroom window with a baseball bat. In the morning, Elizabeth confesses to Marion that she was in Davey's room, but did not touch the gas. Marion demands to know what else Elizabeth did, as someone locked the door and closed the window. When Elizabeth wonders if Mrs. Allardyce did it, Marion explodes. Later, Ben finds Elizabeth crying in her room and looking twenty years older. She wants to leave the house, but when Ben asks her to come down so Marion can apologize, she says she will later. In the parlor, Ben finds Marion, wearing an antique broach and shawl, who insists Elizabeth had something to do with Davey's accident. When Ben asks why he can't meet the old lady, Marion says that Mrs. Allaradyce is sleeping. Meanwhile, Elizabeth sits up in bed, and a loud crack of breaking bones is heard. At dinner, Ben asks Marion if she would leave the house if he asked her too. She says he's being ridiculous. Davey yells for help and Ben and Marion find Elizabeth writhing in pain. Ben runs downstairs to phone for help, but the line is busy. Marion then tries the phone and comes back saying that the doctor is on the way. Ben asks Marion to wait downstairs, but instead she goes to the parlor, opens the music box and eats Mrs. Allardyce's food. Sitting with Elizabeth, Ben hears a car coming, which he sees out the window is the model T hearse. Elizabeth's bedroom door bangs open and the grinning chauffeur thrusts a coffin at them. Meanwhile, Marion goes into the greenhouse where the flowers are in full bloom. After Elizabeth's funeral, Ben and Davey find Marion dressed in Victorian attire. Marion says she couldn't go to the funeral because she couldn't leave Mrs. Allardyce alone. Although Marion has made a candlelight dinner, she storms out when Ben says he's not hungry. Ben follows her and insists on meeting the old lady. Marion claims she can't open the door as Mrs. Allardyce has the only key. Ben tells her they're leaving in the morning and, although Marion says she can't leave the old lady alone, he claims that in any event he and Davey are going. That night, Ben is awakened by the sound of bricks, tiles and siding that are falling off the house. Ben grabs Davey, runs to the car, and drives off. However, a tree falls, blocking his path. Unable to lift the tree, Ben tries to ram it out of the way with the car, but hits his head on the steering wheel. Marion climbs into the car and drives them back to the house. When Ben looks at her, he sees the chauffeur grinning back at him. A doctor comes and says that Ben needs to go to a hospital. When Davey asks Marion if they are going home, she says his father is better off staying put. The next day, a comatose Ben sits by the pool in a wheelchair. Davey jumps in the pool, which begins to churn with giant waves. Marion sees her imperiled son from inside his bedroom, but can't open the window. Ben tries to move, but only falls out of the chair. Marion runs downstairs and smashes a window to get out of the house. She runs to the pool, dives in and rescues Davey. She hugs her husband and son and says they are leaving today. Although Marion gets in the car with her family, she quickly gets out, insisting she has to give Mrs. Allardyce their phone number. When Marion doesn't return, Ben goes after her. Finding Mrs. Allardyce's door unlocked, Ben looks in to see the back of a white haired woman in a wheelchair. He asks where Marion is. Not getting an answer, he swings the chair around, and discovers that the old woman is Marion. Ben crashes through the bedroom window and lands on the car's windshield below. Davey yells for his Mom, but the chimney collapses, killing him. Later the Allardyce siblings return. The house looks entirely new and the flowers are all blooming. Arnold says that their mother has been restored to her full glory. In the parlor there are four new pictures: Ben, Marion, Davey and Elizabeth... the latest victims of the Allardyce siblings and the house.
tt0068909
Drama,Fantasy,Musical
It is the late sixteenth century. Miguel de Cervantes, an author and part-time actor, has been thrown into a dungeon with his manservant for openly lampooning the Spanish Inquisition. In the dungeon, he is subjected to a mock trial, and the other prisoners confiscate many of Cervantes's belongings, but he seeks to save a mysterious manuscript. Having a trunkful of costumes, props, and makeup at his disposal, he suggests that he be allowed to present an entertainment, with the other prisoners also playing roles. And now the story of Don Quixote begins: Alonso Quijana - not Quijano as in the novel - (Peter OToole), is a country squire somewhere in La Mancha. He is no longer young. He enjoys reading almost incessantly. He eventually goes mad from reading too many books of chivalry (which were in vogue then) and decides to become a knight-errant himself - Don Quixote de la Mancha. Don Quixote, on horseback and in armor, with Sancho Panza (James Coco) riding a donkey at his side, sets out early one morning to find adventures. They proceed along a road on the plains of La Mancha, discoursing about the rules and customs of knight errantry, until, in the distance, a windmill is seen. Don Quixote, believing it is a ferocious four-armed giant, attacks it. Don Quixote first pierces one vane with the lance, then attacks with his sword. He is scooped up by the sails of the windmill, and "rides" it until he loses his balance and clatters to the ground. Don Quixote explains that, at the last minute, an evil enchanter who has it in for him has changed the giant into a windmill. As Sancho tends to his bruises, Don Quixote says in all seriousness: "A knight must not complain of his wounds, though his bowels be dropping out". Upon higher ground in the distance, a sprawling establishment is seen, and Don Quixote decides to proceed to yonder castle. Sancho tells him it's really an inn, but no matter . . . In the courtyard of the inn, a group of mule team drivers have stopped and want food and drink. The serving wench is curvaceous Aldonza (Sophia Loren), a hard working servant with a habit of selling herself for money during the night. As she serves, she is accosted by many men, and she pushes them off. Pedro (Brian Blessed) is the leader, and feels entitled to have first dibs on Aldonza, but she rejects him. Pedro: My mules are not so stubborn. Aldonza: Fine! Make love to your mules! While this is going on, a horn blast is heard. It is Don Quixote, arriving, asking for the Lord of the Castle, puzzled that dwarfs have not been sent out to meet him, . The innkeeper (Harry Andrews) welcomes him and soon decides to humor him in his delusions. He explains that the dwarfs are busy with other duties. Don Quixote instructs the innkeeper thus: "See that your grooms care for my fleet-footed Rocinante, a horse of courage, sobriety, and chastity, the flower and glory of horseflesh". When the innkeeper's wife expresses concern that he might have no money, the innkeeper replies: "When has a poor man ever found time to run mad? Of course he has money, he's a gentleman," and Don Quixote is shown to an upstairs room. As Don Quixote enters the busy main patio, he addresses the muleteers and others present as Lords and Ladies, causing merriment, but he takes no notice. He does notice Aldonza, and his brain is immediately in a new track, addressing her as his lady Dulcinea, and approaches her, explaining to her who she really is in a song, "Dulcinea". Aldonza is puzzled, busy and not in humor for such craziness, although she appreciates being treated with respect. She assumes he wants what all the others want from her. The muleteers all keep guffawing and laughing at him. In the meantime, at the home of Alonso Quijana, his niece Antonia (Julie Gregg) and his housekeeper (Rosalie Crutchley) ask advice from the parish priest (Ian Richardson) and physician Sansn Carrasco (John Castle), who is Antonia's suitor. The women voice their worries in song: I'm Only Thinking of Him, quite concerned with the embarrassment triggered by his antics. Carrasco's views dominate: "A man who chooses to be mad can also choose to be sane." He concocts a plot to convince Don Quixote to return home, and then they will see what to do next. Back at the inn, Sancho brings a letter from Don Quixote to Aldonza, asking for a token that he can wear in battle, something like a silk scarf. She is intrigued but scoffs, giving Sancho a dirty floor rag. Eventually, Don Quixote gets the rag, kisses it and holds it as if it were a beautiful pristine silken scarf. An itinerant barber (Gino Conforti) shows up at the gate and enters, wearing a bright brass barber's shaving basin as a hat. Don Quixote sees the bright brass and, very agitated, demands it be given to him, claiming it is the fabled Golden Helmet of Mambrino, a magical item that protects the knight who wears it. The barber recognizes the situation. As the basin is worth only half a crown, the terrified barber acquiesces at swordpoint, and all the mule drivers enjoy the joke. As soon as the barber departs, Don Quixote kneels in front of the innkeeper and asks for a boon, that he should the very next morning dub him knight, as he has agreed to fight a real knight, but has no right to do so until he is dubbed. He will stay up all night, as required by the rules, watching over his armor. He must fast, so he declines dinner. Some time after dusk, a group in black mourning costumes, bringing a bier, the principals masked, show up at the gate and ask for Don Quixote de la Mancha. After he identifies himself, a tearful lady veiled in black asks Don Quixote to grant her a boon. He agrees, of course, and she says that their relative on the bier has been turned into stone by the spell of an evil enchanter. The spell can be broken if Don Quixote will agree to meet the enchanter in battle. The enchanter will presumably wait for Don Quixote the next day, on the road, near Don Quixote's village. The stone man on the bier was a man hired to participate in a hoax, the tearful veiled lady was none other than Antonia Quijana, and the other two were Sansn Carrasco and the housekeeper. Also there was the local village priest, who reluctantly joined the group, although he sympathizes more with Quixote. After the night watch starts, Aldonza comes to talk to Don Quixote. Exasperated, she asks him why he does the things he does. He says that all that matters is that he follow the Quest, and sings the musical's signature song "The Impossible Dream": "To dream, the impossible dream / To right, the unrightable wrong / To love, pure and chaste from afar / To try, when your arms are too weary / To reach the unreachable star. / This is my quest, to follow that star.../ To fight for the right / Without question or pause / To be willing to march / Into Hell for a Heavenly cause!". etc. Aldonza is deeply moved by the song and begins to sympathize with the knight. Pedro the chief muleteer comes to Aldonza, angry that she is late for their lovemaking. He slaps her, and a brawl ensues, Don Quixote and Sancho and Aldonza on one side, Pedro and the muleteers on the other, but only Pedro fights for real, the others are in it for making fun of Don Quixote, so they clown around somewhat and at the end of it, the muleteers are all unconscious on the ground. The innkeeper thinks things are getting out of control, so he insists on knighting Don Quixote right away, and politely orders him to bed and to leave the first thing the next morning. The muleteers decide to take revenge on Aldonza, and when, by the laws of chivalry, she "ministers to their wounds", they savagely beat her and carry her off with them in order to rape her. Don Quixote and Sancho leave the inn, hopeful and joyful, renewing their discussions of knight errantry, and Don Quixote corrects Sancho in his speech, saying he uses way too many proverbs. They come upon the furious Aldonza on the roadside. She is bitter, and mocks Don Quixote's attempts to comfort her. Just then, a few paces away, we see a knight in full armor, flanked by a dozen squires bearing shields decorated with mirrors. They approach and surround Don Quixote, taunt him with his failures, dazzle them shining the sun into his eyes, and Don Quixote, still reeling and shocked by Aldonza's rejections, collapses. We next see Don Quixote in bed, surrounded by the Priest, Carrasco, Antonia, and the housekeeper. His experience with the Knight of the Mirrors has sent him into a coma. First Sancho, then Aldonza, come to see him, and push their way in to talk to him, although Carrasco wants to keep them out, but the Priest says there's no point. Upon hearing Sancho's voice, Don Quixote opens his eyes and starts talking very softly. He says he is no longer Don Quixote, but Alonso Quijana: "Soft and fair, my friends; in last year's nests there are no birds this year." He tells the priest to write down his last will. He has only a vague memory of being Don Quixote, but Aldonza, who has found she cannot live without being Dulcinea, begs him to remember. He eventually does, and rises from his bed ready to search for adventures once again. However, his strength fails him, and he dies in Sancho and Aldonza's arms. But to Aldonza, Don Quixote can never die, and when Sancho calls her by her real name, she gently asks him to call her Dulcinea. The prisoners have been deeply moved by Cervantes's "entertainment" and return his manuscript to him. It is the still-unfinished novel, "Don Quixote de la Mancha". As Cervantes and his manservant are escorted by the Inquisition to their trial, the prsoners sing a final reprise of "The Impossible Dream".
tt0274117
Crime,Drama,Romance
Carla Behm (Emmanuelle Devos) is a young woman who toils in a Real Estate office as an administrative aid and although is much of the glue that serves the success of the obtaining and development of properties, she gets short shrift from the male agents. Plainly attractive Carla has a hearing problem and can really only hear people speak when she wears a hearing aid, however she has developed the ability to read lips and much of her private life is filled with solitary time as she eavesdrops on conversations around her from afar by reading the lips of people talking. Longing for the relationship of a man Carla lives vicariously through her friend Annie (Olivia Bonamy) who thrills Carla with tales of her sexual exploits while getting Carla to take care of her child while she goes to out-of-the-way trysts with assorted male friends. When the work at the office begins to overwhelm her at the agency Carla calls on a /temp Agency to supply another administrative aid. The temp agency sends Paul Angeli (Vincent Cassel) to Carla to interview for the office aid job, and it becomes immediate clear that Paul has none of the required skills for the job as he is a recently- released criminal on parole. Carla is immediately attracted to the rough behavior of the man and hires him, and finding Paul lodgings. Paul responds with a sexual overt act but Carla rebuffs him, preferring to introduce him at a party to show her friends how she can have a boyfriend. At the real estate office one of the upper-level agents uses Carla to do all the work on a deal and then manages to steal it away from her just as she is ready to close and gain some credit to work up into a better position. Carla responds by blackmailing Paul into stealing the file and protecting her so she can close the deal and get the male agent fired. Paul is tracked down by a former associate, a crime boss who demands under physical threat that Paul work for him in his bar. When Paul agrees he finds solidarity from Carla who cooks the work records so that it will appear that Paul is working at the office. When Paul discovers a big crime deal being managed her gets Carla involved by using her lip-reading skills to gain information and ultimately find out about a large cache of stolen money.
tt0396184
Action,Crime,Drama
Tony is released from prison and needs to get his life and self-respect back. What waits for him on the outside however is a ruthless father, an established criminal, who has nothing but contempt for him. A friend with dangerous hair-brained schemes, who expects Tony to stick his neck out for him. And a coke-snorting woman with a baby she claims is his.
tt0240200
Drama
In 1938, Chuyia (Sarala) a child bride whose husband dies before their union is consummated is relegated to life in an ashram in Varanasi (Benares) for other "unwanted" widows. Their life is ruled over by a venal old woman, Madhumati (Manorama) She pimps the young widows out to wealthy Brahmin gentlemen, whose attentions are considered by society to be a blessing. Another young widow, Kalyani (Lisa Ray) runs away to marry a young lawyer, a devotee of Ghandi (Mohan Jhangiani), until she discovers that his father has been her "client/benefactor." She drowns herself in the Ganges, and the young man disowns his father. Chuyia is abused, then rescued and helped to escape by Shakuntala (Rishma Malik), another of the widows.
tt0110684
Comedy,Drama
Donald "Sully" Sullivan (Paul Newman) is a worn yet spry 60-year-old hustler and con-man living in the peaceful, snowy northern New York state village of North Bath. He works free-lance in the construction business, usually with his dim-witted friend Rub Squeers (Pruitt Taylor Vince) by his side. He is often at odds with Carl Roebuck (Bruce Willis), a local contractor, suing him at every opportunity for unpaid wages and disability. Sully's one-legged lawyer Wirf Wirfley (Gene Saks) is inept, and his lawsuits are repeatedly dismissed. As a way to irritate him, Sully flirts with Carl's wife Toby (Melanie Griffith) openly at every opportunity (which she enjoys). He is a regular at the Iron Horse Saloon, where he often has drinks and plays cards with Wirf, Carl, Rub, and the town sheriff. A running joke is the repeated theft of Carl's snowblower. Sully steals it to get back at Carl for his latest failed lawsuit. Carl steals it back, placing it in the yard at his construction business guarded by his doberman pinscher guard dog. Sully, after drugging the dog, steals it a second time. Carl takes it back a final time, and leaves the dog, who is now skittish due to his drugging, at Sully's childhood home for him to find. Sully is a tenant in the home of the elderly Miss Beryl Peoples (Jessica Tandy), whose banker son Clive Peoples Jr. (Josef Sommer) strongly urges her to kick him out and sell the house. Family complications of his own develop for Sully with a visit from Peter (Dylan Walsh), his estranged son who is an unemployed college professor at odds with his wife. While Peter and Sully try to reconstruct their relationship, Sully begins a new one with his young grandson Will (Alexander Goodwin). Peter's sudden everyday presence does not sit well with Rub, but Sully tells him that although Peter is his son, Rub is still his best friend. Meanwhile, Clive is on the verge of a lucrative deal to build an amusement park in North Bath. However, the deal unexpectedly falls through when the promoter turns out to be a con man, and Clive quietly skips town in shame since he used his bank's resources to help finance the amusement park. After being jailed for punching a police officer named Raymer (Phillip Seymour Hoffman) who has been persecuting him, Sully's luck seems to be all bad. But his son, Peter, bails him out of jail and both him and Sully's grandson start to warm up to him. Sully later attends the funeral of an elderly resident named Ms. Hattie (Alice Drummond), an Alzheimer's stricken elderly woman whom he frequently sees wondering the streets of the town in a daze and whom Sully always helps walk her back to her house where her children are caring for her her. Soon, Sully's fortune takes a turn for the better when his horse racing trifecta ticket wins a some of a few thousand dollars. Even the lovely Toby expresses a willingness to leave Carl, mostly due to his constant womanizing, and run away with Sully to Hawaii. Sully realizes he can't leave his grandson and thanks Toby for considering him, just before she leaves for the airport. In the final scene, Sully is pretty much back where he began, boarding at Miss Beryl's. But now he is a little richer, both financially and in his soul, he's a new dog owner, and he has become the picture of contentment.
tt0090021
Horror
Comments by Actor / Writer Roy C. Peterson Wonderful juxtaposition of the small pastoral southern town with the horrific events which soon invade it. One morning a local railroad employee and drunkard is found mangled on the train tracks. What else would have done this but the nightly train? The way he was passing out all the time it was long overdue. But it wasn't the train. It was a werewolf. A really big, unusually angry werewolf. In size he is more like a were-bear. In the first scene where we see him, he appears at a girls bedroom window, then disappears, then suddenly reappears smashing the through entire window casing. Then, with claws like a bear, he just rips that girl to shreds. This is an excellent adaptation of the werewolf legend to America. The story is engrossing with surprising plot twists and the acting is excellent.
tt0115571
Sci-Fi,Thriller
Zane Zaminski (Charlie Sheen), a radio astronomer working for SETI, discovers an extraterrestrial radio signal from Wolf 336, a star 14 light years from Earth. Zane reports this to his supervisor, Phil Gordian (Ron Silver) at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, but Phil dismisses the claims. Zane soon finds that he has been fired because of supposed budget cuts, and blacklisted, preventing him from working at other telescopes. Taking a job as a television satellite installer, he creates his own telescope array using his customers' dishes in the neighborhood, operating it secretly from his attic with help of his young next door neighbor, Kiki. Zane relocates the signal, but it is drowned out by a terrestrial signal from a Mexican radio station. Zane attempts to tell his former coworker, Calvin (Richard Schiff), but finds he has just died suspiciously from carbon monoxide poisoning. Zane travels to Mexico and finds the radio station was burnt to the ground. Searching the local area, he comes across a new power plant. There, he helps climatologist Ilana Green (Lindsay Crouse) protect her atmospheric analysis equipment from the plant's overzealous security forces. Ilana explains that the Earth's temperature has recently risen several degrees, melting the polar ice. She is investigating the power plant, one of several recently built, that appears to be the cause of this increase. The two are released, but without Ilana's equipment. Surprisingly, Zane realizes one of the guards could pass as the identical twin of his former boss, Phil, except that he is of Mexican ethnicity (whereas Phil is not). As Zane and Ilana regroup, Phil instructs some agents, posing as gardeners, to release an alien device in Zane's attic that creates a miniature black hole, consuming all of Zane's equipment. Zane leaves Ilana to again investigate the power plant and she is soon killed by a scorpion planted in her room. Zane discovers the plant is a front for an underground alien base. The very different looking aliens are able to disguise themselves with an external skin to infiltrate our society. Zane finds that all of the bases expel large amounts of emissions into the atmosphere. Zane is discovered but escapes back into the nearby town and attempts to convince the local sheriff of the situation. However, alien agents bring Ilana's body to the police station, making Zane a suspect in her death; Zane escapes and sneaks back into the United States. He accosts Phil on the JPL grounds, forcing him to admit that the aliens are trying to raise the Earth's temperature to not only kill off humans but make the planet hospitable for themselves. Zane secretly records the conversation and once Phil discovers the recording he sends agents to stop Zane. Zane returns home to find his attic devoid of equipment. He figures out the only way to broadcast the tape is to go to a nearby telescope and beam the signal directly to a television satellite, broadcasting it worldwide. With the help of his girlfriend Char (Teri Polo) and Kiki, he travels to the telescope. Phil and his agents soon disable the telescope controls from the main building. Zane leaves the tape with Kiki and instructs him to transmit it when he gives the order and then he and Char sneak over to the telescope's base and barricade themselves in the control room. Zane makes the necessary adjustments and tells Kiki to active the tape, but Kiki reveals himself to be an alien agent, and opens the door to allow Phil inside and confiscate the tape himself. Phil and his agents ram down the door to the telescope room with a van, but Zane freezes them with cryogenic gases. As he works to free the tape stuck in Phil's frozen jacket, one of the agents drops a sphere which starts to form another singularity in the room. Zane and Char escape through the telescope's optical path before the device implodes most of the telescope base, exiting safely onto on the collapsed dish. In the distance they see Kiki, and Zane tells him to tell the aliens that he will soon broadcast this tape; they watch as Kiki runs off. In the film's epilogue, Zane's conversation with Phil is broadcasted across the globe
tt0095444
Comedy,Horror,Sci-Fi
Students Mike Tobacco (Grant Cramer) and Debbie Stone (Suzanne Synder), on their first date at "Make-Out" Point, are quite intensely conducting their own anatomical studies when they're distracted by what appears to be a falling star plummeting to Earth. Curious, Mike and Debbie investigate, and after driving to a spot a few miles outside of town, they discover... a weird, glowing circus tent?! Unknowingly, Mike and Debbie have stumbled upon the site of an incredible phenomenon; the "circus tent" is in fact the home of a strange alien breed - killer klowns from outer space. But these clowns are no laughing matter. They are carnivorous, with sharp teeth as a crocodile and they feed on humans They use clown-related items to run after them, for example a pink balloon in the shape of a dog to follow their scent. They kill and "harvest" humans in a kind of pinkish cocoons which are kept in their cave. They shoot the townspeople and they instantly die and appear inside one of those cocoons. Mike and Debbie tell the police, but they don't believe them. In fact, they get into trouble, especially with Curtis Mooney (John Vernon), the townsherill. He arrests one of the klowns and puts him inside a cell at the police station. The klown proceeds to kill everybody in the cell and uses Mooney's corpse as a kind of vintroluquist's doll in order to scare Dave Hanson (John Allen Nelson), the youngest police officer who has realised that the klowns are a real threat to the town. By shooting the one who kills Mooney, he realises that the only way to destroy them is to shoot their red nose. The clowns are really interested in getting Debbie alive, so they trap her at her home, and they take her away in a huge balloon. Mike sees it. He and Dave go after the klowns. Mike and Dave rescue Debbie from the yellow balloon and then run down a pole. They reach the main stage. They go up a cake. When there is no way out and they are surrouned by more than 30 klowns, the always-fighting stupid brothers Terenzi, Rich and Paul (Michael Siegel and Peter Licassi) enter the place with the icecream van through a wall. They talk through the microphone and order the klowns to leave Mike, Debbie and Dave alone. This creates confussions among the klowns, who seem petrified. The biggest klown appears and runs after them, destroying the van. Debbie and Mike leave the amusement park which the klowns have made their home, as the flying saucer is about to leave. Dave is left inside with the two-story tall clown and he's run out of ammunition. The main klowns picks him up and is about to swallow him when Dave uses his police star to tear the klown's red nose, killing him.
tt0780516
Crime,Drama,Thriller
From director Michael Radford comes Flawless, a diamond-heist thriller set in swinging 1960s London. Demi Moore plays Laura Quinn, a bright, driven and beautiful executive at the London Diamond Corporation who finds herself frustrated by a glass ceiling after years of faithful employment, as man after man is promoted ahead of her despite her greater experience. Michael Caine is Hobbs, the nighttime janitor at London Diamond who is virtually invisible to the executives that work there, but over the years has amassed a startling amount of knowledge about how the company runs. Hobbs has his own bone to pick with London Diamond. Observing Lauras frustration, he convinces her to help him execute an ingenious plan to steal a hefty sum in diamonds. But unbeknownst to Laura, Hobbs plans go even farther than hes let on, and together they set in motion a thrilling heist of dizzying proportions, the likes of which London has never seen.
tt0091670
Drama
Alexander is an aging actor and writer who has taken retirement from acting and writing. He is shown to be playfully talking to a little boy he calls as the "Little Man" to whom he describes how his mother and he met. In Alexander's birthday,his family gathers at his cottage in the pastoral lands when the terrifying news that the low-flying jet planes signalled the start of a nuclear war between the superpowers. Alexander's dreams and the real world are somehow shown to have merged into some dreamy scenes which are hauntingly long and uncoordinated. As the family attempts to cope, Alexander vows to God in his dreams that he would "sacrifice" everything he loves in order to save this world from the catastrophe caused by nuclear weapons. He is met by the queer post-man Otto in his dreams who tells him to seek help of Maria who is supposed to be a witch with powers and only whose love can bring in peace. At the end it appears like Alexander has woken up from his dream and does distinctly similar things he happened to witness in his dreams. He puts his house on fire and watches it from a distance when his family arrives and puts him into a van that indicates him to be mentally ill and been taken to an asylum. He runs to Maria, the maid for help. At the end "Little Man" is shown to water the dead tree he and Alexander had planted looking up to it waiting for it to bloom someday, while Maria cycles and reaches to see the van once again carrying Alexander, indicating "Little Man" might as well be the child born out of love between Maria and Alexander, not being able to ever confess it to the world might be the guilt that made Alexander "Sacrifice" everything.
tt0116260
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Karen McCann(Sally Field),Is A Woman With Everything To Live For. She Is Happily Married To Mack(Ed Harris),And Has 2 Daughters,17-year old,Julie(Olivia Burnette), And Six-year old Megan(Alexandra Kyle). She Lives In A Nice House In Santa Monica,California,And Has A Good Job In A Museum. However,Her World Is Shattered When Julie Is Violently Raped And Murdered. Karen Tries To Maintain Normality For Megan's Sake-But She Finds Herself Obsessed With Bringing Her Daughter's Killer To Justice.Detective Sergent Joe Denillo(Joe Mantegna),Assures Karen That There Is Enough DNA Evidence To Help Catch The Killer. He Also Encourages Her To Seek Counseling,And Her Husband Agrees. The Next Day Denillo Tells Karen That DNA Tests Have Revealed The Killer As Robert Doob(Kiefer Sutherland),A Supermarket Delivery Man With A Criminal Record. At The Trail, It Is Clear Doob Is Gulity,However,Due To The Fact That The Defense Was Promised A Sample Of The DNA On Which They Could Perform Their Own Tests They Did Not Receive,It Forces The Judge To Dismiss The Case. Karen And Mack Are Dumbstruck As Doob Walks Away As A Free Man. Karen Sets A Trap To Lure Doob Into Her Home, So That She Can Say The Killing Was In Self-Defense. It Works. After Karen Shoots Doob Dead And Calls The Police,Denillo Arrives And Tells Karen That He Knew The Truth And Hasn't Fooled Him. He Tells His Colleague That It Was A "Clear Case Of Self-Defense".
tt2011953
Drama,Romance
In 1998, Erik (Thure Lindhardt), a Danish artist living in New York City, meets Paul (Zachary Booth), a lawyer, through a phone sex hot-line. Clearly attracted to each other, they share an intimate moment and have sex. Erik later visits a man named Russ (Sebastian La Cause) who seems more interested in showing off his muscles to Erik than having sex. Erik sees Paul again, and tells him about how he broke up with his ex-boyfriend Paolo, who was HIV-positive. Erik confides to his friend Claire (Julianne Nicholson) on how he is happier now with Paul than he was with Paolo. Meanwhile, Paul asks Erik to keep quiet about his drug use and gets Erik high. Paul, who was closeted before meeting Erik, sees his ex-girlfriend while visiting an art gallery with Erik, who tries to persuade Paul to introduce him to her. While away from the city, Erik calls his doctor for some test results and learns that he is HIV-negative. Later, Paul throws a surprise birthday party for Erik. In 2000, Paul catches Erik talking to another man in the street. While confronting Erik about this, Paul argues with him, but they manage to get over it. Paul then briefly goes missing during a dinner with Erik and his friends, and evades Erik's questions about where he was. Erik, away from home working on his documentary, feels lonely and calls a phone sex hot-line. However, he is startled when he is connected with Paul. Erik is left upset. Back in New York, Erik argues again with Paul but they manage to make up in the night. Later, Erik returns home from working on his documentary, he finds an unconscious Paul outside their apartment. Paul is sent to rehab and states that Erik ruined his life. Erik goes to a gay club and meets a painter named Igor (Miguel del Toro). In 2003, with Paul's release from rehab and Erik's success with his film, Erik assumes everything will be better. Erik's life is rocked when he learns that Paul hasn't been home while he was away for work. However, while his sister comforts him, Erik gets a call from Paul who tells him to visit him in his hotel. Paul displays erratic behavior, trying to pretend he is okay while it is clear to Erik that he hasn't improved since rehab. Erik tries to convince Paul to return home, but Paul remains at the hotel and hires a male prostitute whom he has sex with while Erik watches on. Erik later visits Russ, and the two share some drugs and presumably have sex. In 2006, after not having seen each other for about a year, Paul meets Erik at a diner, where both seem better than before. He then invites Paul to spend the night at his apartment, to which Paul agrees, only to avoid having sex before going to sleep. Erik later runs into Igor on the street, and the two have a drink at a bar. While spending time together in the countryside, Erik asks Paul how he feels about their relationship, only for Paul to turn aggressive. Paul gives Erik an ultimatum, stating that he has a few hours to decide whether they move in together, or break up. Erik decides that they should move in together, only to drive to Paul's apartment in the city in the middle of the night to tell him that he's changed his mind. He walks Paul to work and Erik admits that he still loves him, although Paul is skeptical. The two hug, and Paul tells Erik to be well.
tt0110638
Drama
Nell is a young woman whose upbringing has been in the sheltered, isolated woods with her mother whose speech is impaired (supposedly by srokes?) and her twin sister who has passed away, it is thought, some 12 or more years ago. As a result, Nell's own speech is a rather mangled mixture of "twin speech" and learning from her mother's own impaired manner of speaking. When her mother dies & is found by a teenage boy who it appears is delivering food, Nell is discovered by the local doctor. Dr. Jerome Lovell is intrigued by Nell & begins a journey of discovering how she has come to be this "feral" or wild child. He surmises from a newspaper clipping found in the cabin that Nell's mother was raped; from Nell's fear of going out in day time that she's been taught to stay out of sight & from her description of "e'al do'ers" (evildoers) that the reason for this is to avoid being raped as her mother was. Nell looks in the mirror and "spee's" (speaks) to her deceased twin sister, Mae (Mary?) and dreams of running through the forest & playing with her when they were young. Memories of Mae seem to be a great comfort to Nell. The female psychologist that Dr. Lovell had come out to observe Nell wants to study her in a laboratory setting, and her boss, a noted psychiatrist, pushes for this to happen, but Dr. Lovell objects & at court, a judge decides to give 3 months for observation of Nell in her own surroundings to see if she is competent to give "informed consent" to be studied. As Dr. Lovell, who moves into a tent a short distance from Nell's forest cabin, begins to interact with Nell...she subsequently comes to trust him and refers to him as her "gah-anj" (later Lovell determines this to mean "guardian angel") and calls him "Jay" in her way of saying Jerry. The psychologist, Paula Olsen, has also come out to observe, living in a lab-funded houseboat. She has sneaked in and put a video camera in Nell's cabin so she can watch her without the personal interaction. (it's unclear if this the sole intent or if it is just "easier" to do this way) Eventually, outsiders inadvertently learn of Nell & a journalist makes his way to Nell's cabin & frightens her with his flash photography, which Nell has never seen of course. Jerry runs him off but a story comes out in the newspaper & soon a helicopter arrives, frightening Nell to the point of collapse. In an effort to shield her from gratuitous exposure to ruthless media, Paula, who now sees Nell as a real person who is sweet & needs no state intervention and Jerry decide the only place she can be safe from the press is at the hospital where Paula's boss wants to make a lab rat out of her. The arrival at the scary hospital along with the traumatic fleeing from media helicopter shocks Nell into a catatonic state which both doctors know will send her directly to an institution when her 3-month evaluation comes up. Jerry impulsively breaks out of the hospital with Nell & holes up in a hotel where she continues to refuse to speak or interact with him. At one point, Nell is alone on the balcony outside the hotel room door looking down into the neglected pool and daydreams of Mae. This scene seems to imply that Nell is suicidal, but that is never made clear. Finally at the competency hearing, Jerry becomes frustrated at how Nell is being "railroaded", knowing how she really is, and Nell suddenly "comes alive" and seems to come to Jerry's defense by basically explaining herself, asking Jerry to "spee' fo' Nell". The things she says and emotions she expresses are very beautiful & the movie ends with Jerry & Paula driving with their young daughter to a gathering of some sort at Nell's cabin, where there are quite a few other people including the sheriff and his wife, who are fond of Nell throughout the film as well. Nell has a scene with the young daughter, teaching her the chant she and Mae used to say and telling her "You 'member dat"... I love this movie, even if it is a bit far-fetched. The scenery is breathtaking and the emotions are beautiful & ultimately, the "moral"... leave well enough alone... is appealing to me.
tt1758575
Comedy,Drama
"I never liked jazz music because jazz music doesn't resolve. . . . I used to not like God because God didn't resolve. But that was before any of this happened." In Donald Miller's early years, he was vaguely familiar with a distant God. But when he came to know Jesus Christ, he pursued the Christian life with great zeal. Within a few years he had a successful ministry that ultimately left him feeling empty, burned out, and, once again, far away from God. In this intimate, soul-searching account, Miller describes his remarkable journey back to a culturally relevant, infinitely loving God.
tt1100119
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
'Shorts' is set in the suburb of Black Falls, where all the houses look the same and everyone works for BLACK BOX Unlimited Worldwide Industries Incorporated, whose Mr. Black's BLACK BOX is the ultimate communication and do-it-all gadget that's sweeping the nation. Other than keeping his parents employed, however, Mr. Black's BLACK BOX has done nothing for 11-year-old Toe Thompson, who just wants to make a few friends...until a mysterious rainbow-colored rock falls from the sky, hits him in the head and changes everything. The Rainbow Rock does Mr. Black's BLACK BOX one better: it grants wishes to anyone who holds it. Before long, wishes-gone-wrong have left the neighborhood swarming with tiny spaceships, crocodile armies, giant boogers...and outrageous magical mayhem around every corner. But it's not until the grown-ups get their hands on the Rock that the trouble really starts. Now Toe and his newfound friends must join forces to save their town from itself, discovering along the way that what you wish for is not always what you want. Eleven-year-old Toe Thompson is the designated punching bag for the bullies of the suburban community of Black Falls, where his and everyone else's parents work for Black Box Industries, makers of the do-it-all gadget that's sweeping the nation. But during a freak storm, a mysterious Rainbow Rock, which grants wishes to anyone who finds it, falls from the sky. Suddenly, the neighborhood that Toe already thinks is weird is about to get a lot weirder. As the Rainbow Rock ricochets around the town - from kid to kid and parent to parent - wishes-come-true quickly turn the neighborhood upside down in a wild rampage of everything from tiny aliens to giant boogers. From Robert Rodriguez, director of "Spy Kids," comes a magical fantasy adventure told through a series of shorts that each brings to life the sometimes wonderful, often terrible, and totally out-of-control wishes that become far more than Toe and his neighbors ever imagined. [D-Man2010]
tt1453245
Action,Horror
London: The not too distant future. Newgen Industries, a leading pharmaceutical company company, is trying to placate a media uproar. Its new "legal performance enhancer", RAK-295, has met with spectacular failure during testing, causing severe physical and allergic reactions in all 30,000 of its test subjects.... Allergic reactions in all but one user... Angela Mills. Angela is pregnant and is making arrangements for own leave of absence from a city full of woe and bad memories for her. With Angela being the only person not to report any type of reaction to Newgen, Dr. Brooke (Head of Newgen) understands that Angela may hold the key to solving this disaster and enlists Cole, the head of security to find her and bring her in for examination. But Cole, a hardened ex-mercenary, has just handed in his resignation to Peter White, the CEO of the company. Why? He wants out - the undercover violent and murderous job of solving problems 'off the record' has started to weigh heavy on his conscience. The outbreak claims Brooke and Peter White and during the struggle Cole is bitten - his fate sealed. Or is it?... (taken from Intandem Films)
tt1232838
Drama,Thriller
The movie begins with Chapin (Britt Robertson) sneaking out of her house to go to Eve's (Alexia Fast). Eve is having a birthday party, and is waiting for her father to call. The doorbell rings, and it's Liza (Scout Taylor-Compton). Liza tells Eve that her mother made her come, and asks Eve if she wants her to leave. Eve refuses, saying that she'll get in trouble if she makes Liza leave. They agree to be civil to one another. Liza joins Cecily (Janel Parrish), Sarah (Emily Tennant) and Nina (Carly McKillip) at the party. They're essentially Stepford Wives. Liza sits by herself, feeding pizza to a rat she keeps in her bag; her only friend. Chapin shows up, an exact foil to Nina, Cecily and Sarah. They go upstairs, but not before Chapin corners Liza. She tells her that she's not gonna ruin Eve's birthday, so she's gonna be civil to Liza, but they're not gonna be 'down' until Liza apologizes. Liza refuses. Flashback to 4 days earlier. Chapin and Eve are talking in the hall when Whisper, a friend of Chapin's that Eve likes, and his friends walk up. He pulls the whole 'points-to-chest-person-looks-down-flicks-them-in-the-chin' thing with Chapin, obviously flirting with her, and ignoring Eve, who is pretty much just staring at him longingly. Eve is then shown with her soccer team, running warm-ups. As they run across what's known as The Jogger Bridge, every girl kisses her hand and sets it on the railing. Kayla (Valerie Tian) tells Eve to do so also, to 'pay her respects'. When Eve asks why they do that, Kayla tells her it's in memory of Stacey St. Clair (Julia Maxwell), a girl from Sacred Heart, a nearby Catholic school, that jumped off the bridge 5 months ago. In the present, Chapin is bitching about how they're not doing anything fun on Eve's birthday. Everyone gives lame suggestions for things to do, such as sudoku, pedicures, and reading each other's blogs. Chapin hesitantly suggests Triple Dog. Back 4 days ago, Eve asks Kayla and Toni (Laura Carswell), 2 girls on her soccer team about Stacy St. Clair. Toni tells Eve what she heard; that Stacy was at a party where she was given an acid hit. She was tripping and seeing butterflies on her fingers. One flew away, and she jumped off the bridge chasing it. Back in the present, Chapin is explaining the rules of Triple Dog; everyone dumps all their money and their most favorite possession they have with them into 'the pot'. The rules are as follows: 1. Everyone gets and gives a dare. 2. You get to pick who dares you. 3. You have to do your dare, or else you get your head shaved. 4. If you can't complete your dare, you can challenge whoever dared you to complete it. If they do, you get shaved. 5. With the exception of daring someone to shave their head, any dare goes. 6. The whole night will be recorded. At the end, they'll vote for who did their dare best, and whoever wins gets everything. Eve picks Sarah to perform her dare first. Sarah picks Liza to dare her. Liza dares her to streak around the block. Sarah is hesitant to do so, as she is Catholic and very conservative. For fear of getting shaved, she does it, however, she is seen by one of Eve's neighbors and a car full of boys, who take pictures and videos. This is mostly due to Chapin following after her on her skateboard, yelling out about 'Sarah Algreen's virgin vag'. Flashback to 3 days ago. Chapin is sitting in Study Hall playing Mad Libs with Whisper, Clarke (Jeff Ballard) and Stephan (Richard Harmon), who is throwing gummy bears at Liza, who is sitting alone at a nearby table. Liza gives Chapin a dirty look, which annoys her. Liza tells her to tell everyone why she got kicked out of Sacred Heart, and Chapin walks over to her and punches her in the face twice. Whisper has to literally wrestle her away from Liza. Liza is shown talking to Principal Scalco (Brian Markinson), who asks her if she's still carrying around that rat. Liza says no, but he gives her a piece of doughnut to give to the rat, as he knows she's lying. He asks her if she has friends, to which she lies again, saying yes. He tells her to stay away from Chapin. Liza leaves and Chapin walks in. She makes a couple smartass comments, and asks for her detention. Scalco tells her that they have a zero-tolerance assault policy, and suspends her for three days. At her locker, Liza is checking out her bruise when Todd (Norman Gerard Funk), Eve's brother, and a few of his friends comment on her, not caring that she can hear them. Joe (Sefton Fincham) asks Todd if he would 'Superman that ho' for $20, and Todd says for half a million, he'd think about it. Back in the present, Eve picks Liza to go next, and Liza picks Nina to dare her. Nina dares her to stay in Todd's closet until midnight, wearing Nina's Cheerleading outfit. Eve and Chapin lure Todd and his friends out so Liza can infiltrate his closet. Eve asks Todd if he wants to talk to heir father when he calls, and Todd tells her he's not gonna call. The girls give Liza Sarah's number, and demand a photo every half hour so they know she's still in there. Eve picks Nina to go next. Nina picks Eve to dare her. The group drives to a local Western restaurant, where Mallory Silvers (Aubrey Mozino) works. Mallory has short hair, is on the soccer team with Eve, and was kicked out of Sacred Heart along with Chapin and a few others. She is in an embarrassing uniform, which Chapin takes pictures of and blackmails her into helping with Nina's dare by putting Nina's name next on the karaoke list. Nina gets on stage, and fakes a seizure, complete with foaming at the mouth (with the help of Chapin, who gave her Alka-Seltzer to chew on). Mallory's boss (Raugi Yi) tells Mallory to call an ambulance, and yells at her when she refuses. As the girls leave, Mallory pulls Eve aside, asking if she's brought up Stacy St. Clair to Chapin yet. Eve just walks away. The next time Liza sends them a picture, Chapin takes Sarah's phone and calls Liza, forcing her to answer and Todd and his friends to find her. Todd tries to pull her out of his closet, and she bites him. He goes to get his mom to get her out, and she calls him a baby, embarrassing him and blackmailing him with the thought of his mother finding his porn stash, into letting her stay until midnight. His friends leave for a party, but he stays, because he doesn't want to leave Liza alone in his closet. The girls go find Whisper, who tells them that he and his friends are crashing a party at midnight. Chapin says they might go too, after their game. She tells Whisper that they're playing Triple Dog, and he tells her to be careful. Flashback to 2 days earlier. Liza and Eve's moms see each other a the grocery store. Eve finds Liza and asks what she said to Chapin to get her suspended. Liza tells her that she told Chapin to tell everyone why she got expelled. Eve asks why, and Liza tells her that Stacy and Chapin got in a fight, and that Chapin pushed Stacy off the bridge in the heat of the moment. Back in the present, Cecily is up next, and Chapin dares her to pee on Principal Scalco's (who she thinks is sexy) stoop. She drinks a bunch of water to prepare. Cecily gets on his stoop, pulls down her underwear and starts peeing, going unnoticed. Chapin however, isn't gonna let Cecily off the hook that easily, and jumps on Scalco's car, setting off his alarm. He opens the door to Cecily pissing on his Welcome mat, and she runs off. Back in Todd's room, Liza starts crying, realizing that she's having the worst night of her life. Todd tries to sympathize, even spraying air freshener in his closet when she tells him that it smells. She sees him failing at Rock Band, and schools him at Expert mode. He watches her play, noticing how she moves, and realizing that he thinks she's hot. He tries to hit on her, saying that she's not ugly, he's sorry for insulting her a few days earlier, and that if she left the rat at home, she may even get a date. She sees that it's midnight, and comes out of Todd's closet. She says she should go find everyone else, to which Todd replies, "Or we could bone." When Liza walks away to change, he asks if he can watch. The girls pull off at a park, and while Sarah comforts Cecily, who's afraid of getting kicked out of Student Council, Nina watches the video, and Chapin and Eve talk. Eve asks Chapin if she likes Whisper, to which Chapin replies that that's a shitty thing to say, because she would never go after someone her friend liked. It's Chapin's turn for a dare, and Cecily dares her to steal a Penthouse from a gas station, even though the porn is behind the counter, and there's a security guard on duty. Chapin is reluctant, and Cecily offers to do it herself, and Sarah explains that Cecily's father owns the station. Todd drops Liza off at the gas station, and tells Eve that their father still hasn't called. He says good-bye to Liza, and they share a 'look' (it's my interpretation that even if they didn't have sex, they at least hooked up in some way). Chapin completes her dare, distracting the clerk and the guard by microwaving a metal can of baked beans and exploding the microwave. In addition to the Penthouse, she stole ointment for Liza (evidence that she slept with Todd), condoms for Sarah (to mock her), hair gel for Nina and a bottle of champagne for Eve. Cecily makes a comment about Chapin getting busted by the security camera, and Chapin produces the videotape from the camera from her vest. Eve is the last dare-ee, and Sarah is the last dare-er. Chapin told her earlier what to dare Eve with, so Sarah dares Eve to go to third base with (give a blow job to) Whisper. Flashback to the day before, when Mallory and Eve are at soccer practice together. Eve asks Mallory what happened with Stacy, and Mallory says that she doesn't talk about Stacy or Sacred Heart, but tells Eve to ask Chapin. Back in the present, the girls arrive at the party where Mallory, Whisper and his friends, and Todd and his friends are. Eve asks Chapin about Stacy St. Clair, and Chapin says that she didn't even know Stacy, and that she (and assumably Mallory, also) was expelled from Sacred Heart simply because she was at the party. Eve sees how Todd is looking at Liza and asks if he was mad when he found her. Liza tells her that he got over it. Todd intercepts Liza and leads her off to a private room. Chapin and Whisper walk outside together and Chapin tells him what her dare was. She tells him she has no intention of ever shaving her head, and he tells her she'd still be hot. Chapin pretty much figures out that he's got a crush on her, and leaves, luring him into the arms of Eve, who dances with him for a while before leading him downstairs. Sarah sits down and starts knitting, and Stephan sits beside her. He is amused with her knitting, and she starts to teach him how. He gives her a flask, and she drink liquor for the first time. Someone texts him a picture of her streaking, and she gets embarrassed, but gets over it. She tells him that streaking was liberating, that even though she's a 'good' girl that she wants to rage occasionally, too. She even says 'fuck' twice when Chapin takes her downstairs to videotape Eve's dare. Eve and Whisper kiss a little, and she starts to go down on him, but he stops her, saying that even though she's cute, he's into Chapin. Eve had suspected this, and she storms off. The girls run after her, and Chapin sees Todd and Liza come out of a room, both of them with clothes and hair disheveled. Chapin drags Whisper into a room, yelling at him for not hooking up withe Eve. She tells him about her being upset that her father hasn't called and that now, if he doesn't hook up with her, she has to get her head shaved. She asks him if she kisses him, if he'll hook up with Eve. She kisses him, but pushes him away when he tries to kiss her again. She says about the game, "It's supposed to be fun, and then everything goes wrong," to which Whisper replies with, "Like with Stacy?" He tells Chapin that accidents happen, and what happened to Stacy wasn't Chapin's fault. She gets mad at him, saying that she shouldn't have even told him about it, and yelling at him to shut up, before storming out. Eve finds Mallory. Mallory mentions Stacy St. Clair, and Chapin walks up. Mallory explains to the whole group (and half the party) that yes, Stacy did jump off the bridge... Because someone dared her to. Flashback to the night of Stacy's death. Stacy, Mallory and Chapin, along with a few other girls are playing Triple Dog. Mallory's head is shaved, which explains why her hair is so short in the present. Stacy's up, and she picks Chapin to dare her. Chapin triple dog dares her to jump off The Jogger Bridge. Mallory warns them that the dare is stupid, but when Chapin mentions that there's $280 in the pot, Stacy agrees to do it. Stacy gets on the railing, and blows a kiss to the group before she jumps. She loses control in the current, and drowns. In the present, Chapin says that she didn't know about the current, and that people jump off the bridge all the time and survive. Mallory says that Chapin had to be the center of attention, so she dared Stacy to do something that she couldn't. Chapin takes this personally, running off to the bridge. Everyone runs after her, including Mallory, Stephan and Whisper. Chapin gets to the bridge, climbing on the rail. Everyone is begging her not to jump, but she blows them a kiss, like Stacy had done, and jumps in the river. Everyone runs to the river bank, but the only thing they see is her shoe. Most of the group run to the other side of the river, looking for her there. Eve and Liza stay, and Chapin walks up behind them, alive and unscathed. Eve yells at her for being stupid and selfish and attacks her, but Liza separates them. Chapin gets angry at Eve, saying that she needed to see for herself, because it was her fault. She tearfully confesses to Liza and Eve that she did dare Stacy to jump, and that the current was rough, but she didn't know how rough it was. She admits that Stacy's death was her fault, even though Liza and Eve tell her it was an accident. They all walk back up to the bridge arm in arm, and the group runs separate ways as police sirens approach. The girls vote, with everyone but Cecily (and of course, Chapin) voting for Chapin. Cecily mentions that technically, they have to shave Eve's head, because she didn't complete her dare. Eve stops waiting for her father to call, instead taking initiative and calling him. He yells at her for calling so late. She literally screams in frustration, then agrees to have her head shaved. Chapin shaves her. Before Chapin heads home, she tells Eve that nobody in their right mind would leave a friend like her behind. It seems as if everyone is friends, even Chapin and Liza and Chapin and Cecily. The next morning, Chapin returns to the bridge. She steps up to the side, kissing her hand and setting it on the railing before walking away.
tt0780607
Horror,Sci-Fi,Thriller
Imagine every cell phone, radio, and television in your city suddenly broadcasting the same mysterious signal over and over. Now imagine these "terminus" transmissions evoking violent, uncontrollable, psychotic chaos from everyone who comes in contact with them. The Signal invades the minds of everyday citizens living their workaday lives and having their sordid affairs. Suddenly struck by the power of the insidious transmissions, they are compelled to kill or be killed. Complicating matters is a zombielike resistance some characters have to the idea of remaining dead. The story violently explodes, blending bloody gore with psychological satire, for a truly original horror experience. The Atlanta filmmaking team of David Bruckner, Dan Bush, and Jacob Gentry tell the eerie tale in three parts (cleverly called "transmissions"), shifting perspectives to draw out a larger story that explores dark secrets and fears as well as jealousy and betrayal. Not for the faint of heart, The Signal will nonetheless satisfy those looking for a smart exploration of the power of media to mutate our minds. It is truly inspired independent filmmaking that will stalk viewers from every dark corner while examining the surprising human madness lying deep within.
tt0097240
Crime,Drama
A highly superstitious Bob and wife Diane love to do various pharmaceutical drugs like dilaudid, morphine and cocaine. To keep up the habit, they and another couple steal from numerous pharmacies. There's a cop that eventually gets too close for comfort which causes the crew to take up their possessions and move their operation to another town. It isn't too long before one of the crew dies of an overdose. The body has to be moved from their hotel room to their car. The problem is that there is an unexpected sheriff's convention assembling at the hotel where they're staying. They still manage to get the body in the car though, narrowly avoiding getting busted. Bob believes that one of his superstitious beliefs that he warned the crew against is what caused this incident and is scared into joining a methadone program. He leaves his wife Diane and the other crew member to their own will while he seems to be doing ok with his new job and methadone program. Later on, he believes the curse of his superstitious belief catches up with him in the form of another junkie encountered earlier in the film. The junkie, assisted by an accomplice, ambush Bob in his apartment hoping to score some drugs. When Bob tells them he's gone straight and doesn't have anything, they beat him up and eventually shoot him. His last words in the film after being seen driven away in an ambulance are, "The irony was f*cking brilliant. The chickensh*t cops were giving me an escort to the fattest pharmacy in town... I was still alive. I bet he'll keep me alive."
tt0452643
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Jacks, who spent her childhood in America, now lives and works in London, at British Vogue, and shares an apartment with her gay friend Peter Simon, a screenwriter. Afraid to be disappointed by a serious relationship, Jacks prefers to spend her free time with her friends and sleep with her ex-boyfriend, James, whom she doesn't love. Peter, who has never been in a relationship, spends too much time in his dreams and as a result cannot fall in love with a real person. As the film develops, they come to realize their mistakes and eventually reach their happy endings.
tt0893402
Drama,Fantasy,Sci-Fi
The action switches between contemporary London and Meanwhile City, a gothic-like metropolis in a fantasy world. Meanwhile City is a place in which religion is the rule. Everyone must adhere to some sort of faith, be it Christianity, Buddhism or 7th Day Nail Varnishers or Washing Machine Purists. John Preest is a masked vigilante detective and the only atheist in Meanwhile City, which makes him an outlaw. He is on the trail of a young girl who was kidnapped by The Individual, leader of a cult called the Duplex Ride. He meets his informant, Wormsnakes, who not only tells him that the girl is dead but also betrays him to the religious authorities. Preest flees to the rooftops but is captured and jailed. In London, a young man called Milo is jilted by his fiance at the rehearsal for their wedding; Peter Esser, an elderly church warden from Cambridge, goes to London in an attempt to find his son David, who is apparently living among the homeless; and Emilia, an art student, films herself attempting suicide by various means - drugs overdose and wrist-slashing - always being saved at the last moment by the emergency services whom she called beforehand. In Meanwhile City, Tarrant, a leading official, offers to release Preest from prison if he finds The Individual, who has returned after a long absence. Preest agrees but, as he is about to be fitted with a homing device, he overcomes his guards and escapes. He finds Wormsnakes and beats him up for betraying him four years beforehand. He also leaves an address for Wormsnakes to pass on to The Individual, whom he intends to kill in revenge for the girl. In London, depressed over his rejection, Milo starts seeing the figure of Sally, a friend he knew at primary school, but who keeps disappearing when he tries to approach her. He then finds her working as a teacher at the same school and they agree to meet in a restaurant later in the week. When he tells his mother about this happy event, she claims that Sally was in fact an imaginary friend whom he came up with when he was six years old, following the death of his father! Peter Esser manages to track down Bill Wasnik, a former soldier who knew David while serving in Iraq. Bill complains about how, four years ago, David confronted him in a pub over some dead girl, provoked a fight and was overpowered by the police on the pub roof. He tells of how he was also beaten up a few days ago by David who left him an address for some individual. Peter visits the army psychiatric hospital, run by a Mr Tarrant, who tells him that David was about to be released when, refusing to wear a tagging device, he overcame the orderlies, killing one of them in the process. It emerges that David holds his father responsible for the death of his younger sister who was killed in an accident just before he returned from Iraq. Peter fails to give Tarrant the address given to him by Bill, simply putting his faith in God. Emilia's filmed suicides hardly impress her tutor. She finally goes to confront her mother Margaret with whom she has been attending counselling sessions. Much of their arguments at these sessions have revolved around Emilia's estranged father, whom Margaret hates to talk about. It emerges that Emilia was actually sexually abused by her father and that her mother took her away while he was on a business trip. Mother and daughter embrace one another, but Emilia then goes home to prepare yet another suicide, this time by gas. Peter goes to the address and presses the buzzer marked "Franklyn", as per the address, but is actually the buzzer to Emilia's flat. She tries to tell him through the intercom that he has the wrong place but, not realising that it is not his son, Peter says that he will be waiting in the restaurant opposite. A man then arrives at Emilia's flat. After introducing himself as "John Preest", he breaks in and, armed with a rifle, takes up a sniper's position at the window. Through the lens, Preest can see his nemesis, The Individual (actually Peter Esser), in the restaurant. Milo himself arrives at the restaurant and confronts Sally over the fact that she is just a figment of his imagination. She tells him to overcome his need for her for someone real. She is about to go when Milo kisses her, only to be shot by Preest (actually David Esser shooting at his father). In the chaos that ensues, Emilia manages to escape her flat which is filled with gas from her failed suicide. David flicks on a lighter, deliberately blowing up the flat and himself. Peter goes to tell the ambulance men about Milo's injury. In the pouring rain, Emilia (who looks a lot like Sally) sees the wounded Milo and, in a case of love at first sight, they approach one another.
tt0077269
Drama,Thriller
Gregory Peck portrays the infamous Nazi, Dr. Josef Mengele, who, while hiding in South America, plans the beginning of the Fourth Reich with other Nazi sympathizers. Laurence Olivier portrays Ezra Lieberman, a famed Nazi hunter. Dr. Mengele's plan is to recreate the childhood of Hitler for the 95 young boys he cloned from Hitler. Lieberman first learns of the scheme through Barry Kohler, a young, lone Nazi hunter portrayed by Steve Guttenberg. Guttenberg's character is caught while relaying the information to Lieberman and is executed by the group of Nazis loyal to Dr. Mengele. As Lieberman uncovers the plot, the Nazi commanders become afraid of being found out and terminate the plan, to Mengele's anger and disappointment. Dr. Mengele will not accept defeat and goes on in an attempt to complete his project. On his quest, he and Lieberman finally confront each other in a battle to the death at the adoptive home of one of the teen-aged Hitlers. When the Hitler boy walks in on the two embattled old men, he must make a choice as to whom he wants to trust and help. All the Hitler clones have shown definite propensities towards art and ruthlessness. The boy decides to sick his vicious dogs on Mengele, who is mauled to death--much to the entertainment of the boy Hitler. Lieberman takes the opportunity to take the list of the 95 cloned boys from Mengele's pocket. The boy then decides to help Lieberman, who would bleed to death from his wounds from the fight, only after making a deal with him not to tell the police what he has done. In the final scene, Lieberman is recovering in a hospital when another young Nazi hunter, a friend of Kohler's, comes in wanting the list of all of the Nazi boys that Lieberman had found. He wants to hunt them down and terminate them. Lieberman, who had suffered in a death camp, refuses to give up the only remaining copy of the list, and burns it in front of the young man's eyes, stating that innocent children should not be murdered. In this movie appears Wolf Kahler who will later play Ludendorff, chemist and Fritz Shimon Haber's close friend in Haber (2008).
tt0116130
Comedy
Lieutenant Commander Thomas Dodge (Kelsey Grammer), a capable (if somewhat unorthodox) US Navy officer, is about to be denied command of his own submarine for a third time because of his unconventional ways (not to mention a widely known tattoo on his penis reading "Welcome aboard!' that he'd gotten after getting drunk due to brushing his sub against a Russian trawler off Murmansk). Failure to secure a command will result in him being dropped from the command program and be assigned a desk job, and he is particularly opposed by Rear Admiral Yancy Graham (Bruce Dern). Vice Admiral Dean Winslow (Rip Torn) finds the perfect use for Dodge, however, when Winslow launches a war-game to test the Navy's defenses against enemy diesel submarines. For this purpose Dodge gains command of the rusty WWII era Balao-class diesel sub, the USS Stingray. Adm. Winslow gives Dodge the order to "throw the book out" and to "think like a pirate" and advises that if he can win the war-game, including sinking a mock target in Norfolk harbor, Winslow will consider Dodge for command of a nuclear submarine. Adm. Graham, motivated by his dislike for Dodge and his own ambition (he brags that he has never lost a war-game, and that he is in line for a third star), tries to arrange circumstances to make Dodge's mission even more difficult. Graham handpicks a motley crew for the Stingray consisting of rejects and misfits: hot-tempered and uptight Executive Officer Martin Pascal (Rob Schneider), rebellious Engineman 1st Class Brad Stapanek, sharp-eared Sonar Technician 2nd Class E.T. "Sonar" Lovacelli, compulsive gambler Seaman Stanley "Spots" Sylvesterson, shock-prone (and shock-addled) electrician Seaman Nitro, and the not-so-culinary cook Seaman Buckman. Graham also institutes a pilot program for evaluating the feasibility of women serving on submarines, and Lieutenant Emily Lake (Lauren Holly) joins the crew as Diving Officer. Using unorthodox tactics to offset their technological disadvantage, Dodge and the Stingray crew win their first objective by getting into and setting off flares in Charleston Harbor. Desperate to defeat Dodge, Graham cuts the containment area for the wargame in half without authorization. Running into trouble on their first attempt at Norfolk harbor, Dodge leaves the exercise area. Irate at this lapse in protocol, the zealous by-the-book Pascal attempts to gain command of the Stingray, but no one supports him. Without support, his attempt is considered mutiny and, thinking like a pirate, Dodge makes him walk the plank, straight into the nets of an alongside fishing boat. During the Stingray's second attempt at Norfolk, Graham assumes personal command of the Los Angeles-class USS Orlando, headed by Commander Carl Knox (William H. Macy). After some risky maneuvers by the Stingray, the Orlando is able to chase her down and obtain a shooting solution which ends the game, but not before the Stingray accurately launched two live torpedoes at the dummy ship in Norfolk harbor. Adm. Winslow congratulates Dodge on a job well done and advises him that he will not get a Los Angeles-class submarine as requested, but a Seawolf-class submarine, which is a newer and much larger ship. Dodge rejects the notion of getting a "proper crew" with the new boat and requests that he be allowed to transfer the crew of the Stingray. The movie ends with The Village People and the movie cast singing and dancing to 'In the Navy'.
tt0258068
Drama,Romance,Thriller
[The first synopsis is a far shorter summary of the film with more of a historical context; appearing a few paragraphs down is a second, "chronological" synopsis of the film.] I. Set in the early 1950s in Saigon, Vietnam, during the end of the First Indochina War, on one level The Quiet American is a love story about the triangle that develops between a British journalist in his fifties, a young American idealist and a Vietnamese girl, but on another level it is also about the political turmoil and growing American involvement that led to the Vietnam War. Fowler, who narrates the story, is involved in the war only as an observer, apart from one crucial instant. Pyle, who represents America and its policies in Vietnam, is a CIA operative sent to steer the war according to Americas interests, and is passionately devoted to the ideas of York Harding, an American foreign policy theorist who said that what Vietnam needed was a third player to take the place of both the colonialists and the Vietnamese rebels and restore order. This third player was plainly meant to be America, and so Pyle sets about creating a Third Force against the Viet Minh by using a Vietnamese splinter group headed by corrupt militia leader General Th (based on the actual Trinh Minh The). His arming of Th's militia with American weaponry leads to a series of terrorist bombings in Saigon. These bombings, dishonestly blamed on the Communists in order to further American outrage, kill a number of innocent people, including women and children. Meanwhile, Pyle has stolen Fowlers Vietnamese mistress Phuong, promising her marriage and security. When Fowler finds out about Pyle's involvement in the bombings, he takes one definitive action to seal all of their fates. He indirectly agrees to let his assistant, Hinh, and his Communist cohorts confront Pyle; when Pyle tries to flee, Hinh fatally stabs him. Phuong subsequently returns to Fowler, and while the local French police commander suspects Fowler's role in Pyle's murder, he has no evidence and does not pursue the matter. [D-Man2010] ---------------------------------------------- II. It is Saigon in the early 1950s. Thomas Fowler (Michael Caine) is a writer for the London Times, and he is covering the conflict between the Communists and the French in Indo-China (Vietnam). He is asked to identify the body of Alden Pyle (Brendan Fraser). Most of the rest of the film is a flashback. Fowler remembers how he met Pyle at the Hotel Continental in Saigon. He remembers that when he met him, Pyle was an enthusiastic and idealistic member of a medical aid team. Fowler next gets a telegram from his editor ordering him to return to London. Fowler writes a story about Phat Diem, which is a village being attacked by the Communists with the hope of getting his editor to let him stay. Fowler introduces his girlfriend, Phuong (Do Thi Hai Yen), to Pyle. At a dance hall, Pyle dances with Phuong. He tells her that he can only speak two words in Vietnamese, beer and haircut. Her older sister (Pham Thi Mai Hoa) hopes to get Phuong attached to Pyle, who she obviously considers a better match than Fowler. Fowler tells Phuong that he must return to London, but that he cant get a divorce from his wife. Later, Fowler is with soldiers investigating Phat Diem, when Pyle appears in a boat, surprising everyone. They find the villagers massacred. That night, Fowler and Pyle are together, and Pyle tells Fowler that he has fallen in love with Phuong. Pyle returns to Saigon first, and when Fowler returns to Saigon he watches a parade to honor General The (pronounced Tay; Quang Hai), who is the leader of a new political party. Afterwards, Pyle comes to Fowlers house, and he proposes to Phuong, but she rejects him, and he leaves. Fowler's editor now wants him to stay in Saigon on account of his story about the massacre. He writes to his wife seeking a divorce, and he tells Phuong that he is doing so. Much later, Fowler drives to the front to interview The and is surprised to see Pyle with his medical team. Fowler can't get to see The, but Pyle arranges an interview for him. Fowler angers The with his questions, and the interview ends. Fowler and Pyle leave together in Fowlers car. Apparently, the Vietnamese have siphoned the gas from Fowlers car, and it runs out of gas on the way back to Saigon. They are in a tower in a village when the village comes under attack. Fowler hurts his ankle, and Pyle goes for assistance. In a further flashback, Fowler remembers how he first met Phuong at a dance hall. Pyle returns and they go back to Saigon. Phuong welcomes Fowler back and gives him a letter from his wife. Fowler tells Phuong that his wife has given him a divorce. However, later, Pyle, Phuong and her sister accuse Fowler of lying about the divorce. Fowler and his Vietnamese colleague, Hinh (Tzi Ma), uncover a shipment of diolacton at a warehouse. They dont know what diolacton is. Phuong leaves Fowler for Pyle. Subsequently, Fowler is sitting on the porch of the Continental Hotel. There is a terrific explosion, and horrific death and injuries. Fowler, in a daze, tries to help. He sees Fowler at the scene. Later, he realizes that Pyle was speaking Vietnamese. Fowler finds out that diolacton is used to make explosives, and he figures out that the Americans are supplying The with explosives. Hinh informs Fowler that Pyle works for the CIA. At Hinh's suggestion, Fowler invites Pyle to his house. Pyle brings his dog with him. Pyle defends The as someone who can inspire the people and stop the advance of Communism. Fowler arranges to meet Pyle at a restaurant that evening. We next see him sitting at the restaurant outdoors, and he watches Pyle cross a bridge with his dog. We next see Pyle kidnapped by Hinh's men with knives. Later, he escapes from them and is running away when he is re-captured by one of the men who stabs him to death. After seeing Hinh leave the area, Fowler leaves the restaurant. Later, the policeman suggests that Pyle had been to see Fowler because Pyles (also) murdered dog had cement from the floor of Fowlers house on its paws. Fowler tells the police that he didnt kill Pyle, and "there is a war on and people are dying every day." It is not clear whether Fowler set up the murder to help Hinh stop the CIA's involvement in Vietnam or to kill his girlfriend's lover, or (most likely) both. In the end, Fowler goes back to the dance hall and tries to get Phuong to dance with him. Phuong tells him to dance with someone else, until he tells her that he will never leave. Fowler says that he feels a need to apologize to someone, but Phuong says "not to me, never to me." Afterwards, news headlines show the beginning and full-fledged advance of the American involvement in the Vietnam war. Its not clear whether we are supposed to think that Fowler's helping Hinh murder Pyle led to the American war in Vietnam.
tt0264761
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Jessica Stein (Jennifer Westfeldt) is a 28-year-old sensitive, but neurotic, New York journalist who is at the end of her emotional rope. Her brother Dan (David Aaron Baker), is engaged. Her best friend and co-worker Joan (Jackie Hoffman) is pregnant. On top of that, Jessica hasn't dated in a year, and she can't sleep. After an optimistic but nightmarish dating spree, which Jessica was inspired to set up by her overbearing and meddlesome mother Judy (Tovah Feldshuh), Jessica decides she needs a change in her life. Helen Cooper (Heather Juergensen) is a 30-something, fairly successful art gallery manager who is fed up with having quicky sex with various men, including her delivery guy, in various times and places. Confused about her sexual orientation, as if she thinks she may be a lesbian in denial, Helen puts a personal ad in a local newspaper asking for a date with someone. The following day, Jessica happens to read the intriguing personal ad, whose only drawback is that it's in the women seeking women section. On a daring whim, Jessica decides to answer it. She meets the hipster Helen at a local bar for drinks and, to her surprise, they click instantly. After going for an evening of banter, connection and heated debate about Jessica's personal life and her desire for happiness, the discussion culminates in a kiss that Helen gives which confounds and intrigues the reluctant Jessica. Over the next few weeks, the two women proceed to muddle through an earnest, but hilarious courtship, making up the rules as they go along with private make-out sessions to casual dates to the local cinema. Jessica doesn't really know how to think through this new situation. Meanwhile, everyone at Jessica's office notices that she is walking on cloud nine and is very happy. Josh Myers (Scott Cohen), her boss (whom she dated for a while in college) also notices and starts to feel strange that he's not a part of this new, happier Jessica. On another dinner date, Jessica and Helen go out, they nearly get picked up by two sleazy guys at a local bar, and then proceed to return to Helen's apartment for another make-out session, which gets interupted by one of Helen's boyfriends. Helen asks him to leave, but after he does so, Helen comes down with a mild cold which puts off her and Jessica's further make-out session. One weekend, Jessica is invited to her mother's country house on Long Island and she takes Helen with her to help her face off against her mother, and thus cancels hers and Helen's plans to go to a hotel. After having dinner, Jessica then proceeds to consummate her romance with Helen that very night in her bedroom. Some months later. A happy and improved Jessica flaunts her happiness in and out of the office, as her romance with Helen kicks into full swing. But Helen becomes more frustrated that Jessica wants to keep their romance a secret at any cost. One day, a very pregnant Jackie runs into Jessica and Helen while food shopping, and after catching Jessica in a lie about her and Helen, Jackie becomes privy to Jessica's romance with Helen. But the tension between Jessica and Helen over their closeted romance explodes one day, when Jessica is with her mother at a bridal store, trying out a dress for her brother's wedding. Helen passes by, sees Jessica in the dress and asks her what it's for. Her mother is surprised that Helen didn't know about the wedding and is even more surprised when Helen said she didn't get the invitation. Helen runs out of the store, Jessica follows and the two have an argument about it outside. Jessica refuses to bring Helen to the wedding with her as her date, and Helen gets upset and tells Jessica that its over between them. At dinner that night at Jessica's parents' house, Jessica starts getting very upset and leaves the dinner table. Her mother, Judy, follows her out and sees that Jessica is crying. Neither says very much... until Judy says, "I think she's a very nice girl". " That very night, Jessica rushes to Helen's apartment and invites her to the wedding. Helen agrees and goes. At the wedding, all of the grandmothers in attendance are asking Jessica and Helen about their relationship and are completely supportive... and even nosy. Jessica and Helen look happy. Josh is late to the wedding, so is still completely in the dark about the relationship. That night, Josh tells Jessica that he is still in love with her. She comes out to him and he's completely shocked. A few months later Jessica and Helen have moved in with each other, but their romance slowly slides into more of a platonic friendship. Apparently, that is not enough for Helen so she moves out. Jessica is crushed but gets over it. Another few months later, a new and improved Jessica has settled in a new apartment, and has quit her journalist copy writing job. One day, Jessica runs into Josh, who has also quit his job, in a book store and the two promise to meet up. The last scene of the movie is of Jessica meeting Helen for drinks where Jessica begins to talk about meeting Josh and agrees to go on a date with him.
tt0107843
Action,Crime,Drama
Point of No Return opens to a panoramic view of Washington D.C., fading quickly to the dilapidated, seedy back alleys where homeless people and drug-addicted gangs dwell. One such gang heads through the streets to arrive at a drug store closed for the night. When one of the gang is too slow opening the lock with a key, the gang's leader, Big Stan (Michael Rapaport) smashes the lock off with an ax. A young woman in the gang, Maggie Hayward (Bridget Fonda), is going through drug withdrawal and complains of desperately needing a new fix. Upstairs from the store, the owner (Geoffrey Lewis) and his wife have been awakened by the looting of the store. Despite his wife's pleas as she reports the robbery to the police, the drugstore owner loads a shotgun and prepares to confront the burglars. Johnny, one of the gang members, apparently knows the layout of the store and where the drugs are kept, but cannot find what they are looking for as quickly as Stan wants. Meanwhile, Maggie, in pain from her withdrawal, slowly sags and slumps into a sitting position on the floor, leaning against a display. The drugstore owner confronts the thieves, who reveal their trump card on why they feel he cannot open fire on them-- Johnny is his son. The drugstore owner stares in disbelief at seeing his son among the gang. The police arrive and a shootout erupts. Stan kills both the store owner and Johnny is shot by the police. A police sniper kills Stan and the other gang member. One of the gang pistols lands near Maggie who picks it up. The police enter the store and one of the officers finds Maggie, still slumped against the display. She is apparently deep in a drug withdrawal-induced psychosis. He removes her headphones, through which she'd been listening to music. Maggie suddenly jams the barrel of the gun under his jaw and pulls the trigger, killing him. Maggie is being hauled out of a holding cell in the police station. Although she is handcuffed, she is resistant and rebellious against the police's attempts. They wrestle her into a chair and the detective in charge viciously backhands her when she refuses to give him her real name. He demands she sign a document, and she asks for and gets a pencil and stabs him through the back of his hand with it. As police drag her away, a man watches from the mezzanine. In court, Maggie is convicted of capital murder for killing the officer, and the judge sentences her to death by lethal injection. Maggie goes berserk again and attempts to escape; she tries to break a window. It takes multiple officers to successfully restrain her and carry her away. The same man who was in the station, is again watching from the courtroom seats. As Maggie is strapped to the gurney for her execution, she tearfully begs they wait for her mother to arrive. The needle is inserted into a vein in her arm and drugs injected. Maggie loses control of her bladder as the chemicals take effect and her eyes sag closed. From the observation window, yet again, the same mysterious man is watching. Maggie awakes in a bed, covered to her neck in a sheet and her eyes open and she sees she is in a plain, unfurnished, white-painted room. A peephole in the door opens, and the mysterious man, Bob (Gabriel Byrne), comes in to greet her. Bob shows her pictures of her funeral, including a photograph that shows her father was present. Maggie asks if her mom showed up but the answer is no. To the rest of the world, Maggie is dead, and she is buried at Oakmont Cemetery-- "Row 48, Plot 12". Bob makes no attempt to stop Maggie as she runs for the door; he knows it is locked and she can't get out. He tells her he works for a clandestine branch of the U.S. federal government, which is giving her a second chance in life. Maggie is naturally very suspicious about what Bob and his superiors want from her in exchange from her life. He coldly tells her that for a start, she needs to learn such basics as standing up straight and speaking properly, before she would be instructed in languages and computers-- things that would enable her to do some good for the country. When Maggie asks what would happen if she said no, Bob reminds her, rather matter-of-faculty, the location of her grave-- they can easily put her into it for real this time. He gives her an hour to think the offer over. Bob returns to Maggie's room to get her decision. Looking through the peephole, he sees Maggie back in her bed. But when he enters the room, he is hit by a chair to the back. Maggie has dressed in the clothing placed in her room and was hiding behind the door. She jams a knee down onto him and grabs his gun, using him as a hostage to get out of wherever she is. She makes her way through an office area toward the main exit; Bob telling all the employees in the compound to return to their desks and make no threatening moves. Several armed security guards converge, but Bob tells them to keep their weapons lowered. As they reach the door, Maggie demands that Bob open it, but Bob says it is controlled remotely, and the people with the power to unlock it will not do so, even at the expense of his life. A security rifle is lazing her up for a precision shot through her forehead. Bob calmly asks Maggie for his gun back. Maggie seems about to comply when she suddenly pushes the barrel into her mouth and pulls the trigger. But the gun doesn't fire. Bob grabs the gun and knocks her down, telling her that a smart agent never chambers the first round. Pulling the slide to chamber the round as he says this, Bob shoots her in the thigh to "slow her down". A day or so later, Bob goes to see Maggie later in her room. Her leg has been bandaged and she's been given more time to think, but now Bob wants an answer. At first, Maggie is still resentful and rebellious, but her survival instincts take over and she submits. She wants some things, however, to make her life in the compound easier-- among them, some music from her favorite artist, Nina Simone. Bob agrees to have it brought to her. Maggie begins undergoing the lessons; she is shown how to operate a computer, trained in combat, and the most challenging of her lessons: social manners and etiquette, and posture and grace of movement, and proper use of language and grammar, all under the stern but caring eye of one of the instructors, Amanda (Anne Bancroft). Bob goes to see Maggie at her room. Her reports are coming along excellent, and she is doing well in her lessons. But with all her progress, Maggie is going stir-crazy confined inside the compound, and asks desperately to take just a short walk outside. Bob reveals that he also was once in her place as a recruit, and was going through the same things that she is now. But he can't let her outside. Maggie starts to become rebellious again and during a firearm exercise indiscriminately shoots all the targets for fun; both 'bad guys' and 'innocents.' At a dinner lesson, she becomes frustrated with the use of a knife and fork and finally starts to eat using her hands. Bob and his supervisor, Kaufman (Miguel Ferrer) notice, and are talking about her in Kaufman's office. Bob insists he can bring Maggie back around, reminding Kaufman that a young woman operative is needed 'out in the field.' He says recruits need up to two years to complete their lessons and training, but Kaufman tells Bob that Maggie is only getting six months; after that, if there is no sign of visible improvement, she will be killed. Bob brings Maggie a birthday cake for her birthday. She is very pleased with the cake, but then Bob tells her the ultimatum issued by Kaufman. Bob lightly kisses her cheek as a happy-birthday wish, before leaving her room. Later, Amanda finds Maggie sitting at the foot of the stairs and Maggie pleads to Amanda for help. Under Amanda's tutelage, Maggie quickly masters her lessons. She comes down the stairs, elegantly attired in a black evening dress, black stockings and pumps, her hair styled; her face properly made up... she looks stately and beautiful. Maggie is to be taken to dinner by Bob, just the two of them... outside of the compound. Bob helps her into a light coat and takes her outside where a limousine is waiting. Bob and Maggie are seated at a table in an elegant restaurant. Bob hands Maggie a gift-wrapped package that she opens to display an elegant wooden box. Inside is a high-powered, sleek handgun and a spare clip of ammunition. She listens numbly as Bob discreetly points out two men seated together with a woman at the upper level of the restaurant; one of the men is a V.I.P. and the other man is his bodyguard. Maggie is to kill the VIP; two bullets minimum and go to the last stall of the men's room where a window leads to the courtyard, where a car will be waiting. Maggie kicks her shoes off, slips the spare clip into her her cleavage. She takes the gun and slips up the stairs. She reaches the VIP's table and the bodyguard promptly reacts, but Maggie is faster and quickly puts a bullet in his chest; then takes out the VIP, one bullet in the head and one in the chest. Taking advantage of the sudden chaos, Maggie evades several armed security guards and makes it to the men's room... but she finds that the escape window Bob told her about is bricked up and she cannot get out. Maggie doubles back and makes it into the restaurant's kitchen, pursued by armed men who indiscriminately begin shooting, killing the kitchen staff. They have Maggie pinned down, but her return fire kills several of the VIP bodyguards and keeps them at bay. One of the men loads a portable rocket into his rifle. Desperate now, Maggie spots a laundry chute and dives into it just ahead of the rocket and explosion. Escaping from the restaurant, Maggie runs out into the rainy nights and flings her gun into the Tidal Basin. Back at the compound, Maggie finds Bob waiting for her in her room. Confronted on the bricked-up window, Bob says he knew about it-- it was her 'final test.' Maggie becomes furious and backhands Bob off his chair, grabbing him by his shirt collar. Bob tells her that by passing this final test, Maggie has won her freedom; she will be released from the compound the next day. Calming down, Maggie gives Bob a sharp, semi-passionate kiss and says it's the last one she'll give him. Maggie is being prepared for release. Bob tells Kaufman she's ready to be a field operative; Kaufman sternly warns Maggie that he considers her a dangerous loose cannon. Maggie is smartly dressed in a sharp skirt suit, looking to be a professional business woman. Bob explains her cover identity, saying her public name will be Claudia Doran, and she's a Chicago native. She'll be living in Venice, California, working as a computer sales official, therefore having to travel a lot. He gives her all her necessary papers-- passport, birth certificate, and driver's license-- and an envelope with enough money to buy herself a new car. In accordance with her affinity for Nina Simone, Maggie's code name will be Nina. Stepping out of the compound looking like any other working professional, Maggie hails a taxi cab to take her to the airport. Maggie's first task in Venice is to find a place to stay. Walking down a street, she spots a sign outside a small apartment building saying that an apartment is for rent. Approaching the manager, a young man named J.P. (Dermot Mulroney), she inquires about the apartment. He shows her around, having warned her that it would take a lot of work before it was fully ready as it is trashed, but Maggie is pleased with the ocean view from the window and says she'll take the apartment. Maggie's next task is buying herself groceries. She walks through the supermarket, pushing her cart a little aimlessly; clearly not sure how to go about picking up food. Following another woman shopper's choices she loads her cart up with cans of canned ravioli, cantaloupes, a stack of packaged TV dinners, and half a dozen loaves of bread. J.P. happens to be in the supermarket as well. When Maggie drops a number of her ravioli cans while preparing to check out, he comes to help her place her groceries on the register counter. They make some small talk as the cashier begins ringing up the items. She boldly invites him to join her for dinner that evening. Over dinner, J.P. tells Maggie a little about himself; in return for managing the building and collecting rent checks for the landlord, he gets half off his own rent. In his spare time, he's working on building up a photography portfolio. Maggie listens in rapt fascination, and suddenly takes a piece of ravioli in her mouth and playfully approaches J.P., inviting him to bite off the half that's sticking out of her mouth. J.P. briefly hesitates but then follows through, and Maggie begins to kiss him. They begin a relationship. He helps her fix up her apartment and takes a number of photographs of her. Four months later. J.P. finally has noticed that outside of him, Maggie seems to know nobody in the neighborhood and has no friends or family. He realizes he doesn't know a lot about her life. Maggie is agreeable to J.P. asking her some questions... but the ones he asks take her completely off-guard; questions that the cover identity prepared for her don't take into account. J.P. notes her reaction and walks away, a little upset. Maggie goes up to him while he gazes out of her window, and finally tells him a little about her true self; her actual connection to artist Nina Simone-- who was not only her favorite musician, but also her mother's. Maggie explains her love for the simple passion in Nina Simone's music, and how she plays it when she thinks about her mother. Maggie is laying with J.P. in her bed one morning when her phone rings. She answers it, and hears a man on the other end address her as Nina. She's being called to an operative assignment at the Marriott hotel in Century City and is expected at the personnel entrance in an hour. Making up a cover story for J.P. about needing to hurry to El Segundo to salvage the sale of 500 computer video cards, Maggie dresses and heads out. At the Marriott, Maggie goes to the personnel entrance and makes her way to the room service office, where a man in a suit is seeing to the room service staff and two maids, who are tied to chairs and gagged and blindfolded. The man in charge hands Maggie a maid's uniform and tells her to put it on. Once she's dressed, she's told simply to wait. A short while later, a phone rings, and one of the operatives takes the call, posing as a member of the room service staff. He politely takes the service order and prints up a receipt, telling the caller that the order will take 15 minutes to arrive. The other operatives quickly set to work preparing glasses of orange juice, a bowl of cereal, several cups and kettles for coffee and tea. The lead operative carefully places a circular disc-shaped object into the base of the coffee pot. Maggie is to bring the room service tray to its destination and then return. Maggie delivers the room service tray, looking a little nervous as a man in a suit outside the doorway quickly frisks her to make sure she's unarmed. She brings the tray inside the suite where a number of men in suits make small talk. One of the security agents quickly checks the items on the tray, and then signs the receipt for Maggie. Maggie returns to the room service office, where the operatives are listening and recording all sounds from the suite through an eavesdropping device concealed in the room service tray. She gives the receipt booklet to the lead operative and asks what she needs to do now. Shrugging and looking as though the answer should be obvious, he tells Maggie that she is free to return home. Changing back into her skirt suit and once again looking like a working professional, Maggie leaves the hotel and smiles as she heads back to her car. As she prepares to start her car up-- a major, fiery explosion suddenly tears through the top floor of the hotel. Maggie knows that she delivered the tray that not only concealed a listening device, but also must have concealed a high-power explosive. Bob is waiting for her outside her building. Everyone at headquarters, including Kaufman, is pleased at her performance. Headquarters knows she's met a man and is romantically involved with him... Bob now needs to meet J.P. himself. Over Maggie's protests, he tells her that she needs to invite him to her home for dinner. Bob arrives at Maggie's house for the dinner with Maggie and J.P., posing as Maggie's uncle. During the meal, Bob and J.P. do most of the talking; Bob relaying carefully prepared answers about himself. J.P. asks Bob a little about Maggie, which infuriates her as she had managed to talk J.P. into neither of them talking a lot about their respective backgrounds. Maggie angrily lashes out at J.P. and carelessly lets slip a detail about having come from the ghettos of Kansas City-- despite her cover identity being about having come from Chicago. Bob defuses the situation by telling a gentle story about how Maggie was born in Kansas City. Maggie gives a small smile as she listens to Bob. Bob tells J.P. that he is in the travel business, and is giving both of them a present-- tickets to New Orleans for the Mardi Gras. Maggie suspects that this is a cover to get her to New Orleans where she will have a field assignment. In New Orleans, Maggie has some time to enjoy the Mardi Gras festival with J.P., but as they head in search of a suitable bistro to get a meal, they are accosted by two men intent on robbing them. J.P. hands over some cash, but the muggers are not satisfied with anything less than everything they are carrying. Maggie quickly lashes out, putting her training to use, subduing both assailants... and then having to explain to J.P., although he is impressed at how she handled herself. She calls room service for a meal but the happiness is cut short when the call for Nina arrives. The caller tells her that the bathroom cabinet has a hidden compartment. Maggie manages to excuse herself to take a bath, filling the tub as cover so she can search the cabinet. She finds a headset and walkie-talkie and sets them up. Her caller tells her to look in the drawers under the sink, and she finds a high-power rifle with a sophisticated silencer barrel and scope, assembling them quickly and expertly. She's then directed to open her window, but there's no handle. She uses the bath at to muffle the sound of her breaking the glass. Her caller directs her to aim at an approaching limousine, but he has to wait for further instructions while she is stalling for time with J.P., who has decided he wants to propose to her. Maggie tries to stifle her tears. Room service arrives which buys Maggie a minute or two as J.P. takes the order and signs the receipt. But her caller still hasn't been identified who Maggie's target is. As J.P. returns to trying to get Maggie to answer him, she is finally told that her target is a woman in white; a woman dressed as Marie Antoinette along with two suited bodyguards approach the limo. J.P. outside the bathroom door and Maggie's caller are both unknowingly vying for her attention, taking away from her focus and she struggles desperately for composure. Finally she makes her shot and kills the woman dressed as Marie Antoinette just before J.P. finally opens the door and confronts Maggie. He sees she's still in her shirt and panties, even though the tub is full, and he notices the broken window. Tearfully, her voice a whisper, Maggie finally confesses that long ago, she did something very bad, and although she came through it, she must spend the rest of her life paying a bitter price. J.P. is moved to compassion and comforts her, but when she begs him to understand that she has her reasons for being secretive, he says he'll take it "for now." She's hidden the rifle and radio in the bathtub. Another few days later, Maggie confronts Bob at the operation HQ in Washington. She tells him she's had enough and wants out, but Bob sternly rebuffs her, warning her that 'out' doesn't exist in their field. She tries to appeal to his sense of humanity, insisting that she is no longer the same cold-hearted murderer who he saved from execution. Bob hands Maggie a dossier on a wealthy man named Fahd Bahktiar (Richard Romanus), saying that the job needed is specifically what she was trained for; only a woman operative could hope to pull it off. The job entails impersonating his girlfriend to get onto his estate, then killing him and destroying his computer containing secret data on sensitive nuclear information he's peddling to the Middle East... after she downloads it to discs to bring back. Maggie goes to see Amanda and asks whether Amanda believes she would be capable of leaving the agency. Amanda finally tells Maggie that she doesn't know. Maggie thanks her and leaves... dropping the dossier in a trash bin on her way out. Back at Maggie's home in California, she is taking out trash and finds Bob outside. He's recovered the dossier and hands it back to her. Relenting on his initial position, he quietly tells her that if she completes the job, he'll try to help her in return. Maggie spends time with her assistant, Beth (Lorraine Toussaint), researching Fahd's girlfriend, Angela (Olivia d'Abo), studying acquired tapes of a birthday party Fahd threw for her, so Maggie can properly impersonate her. As they are doing their work, J.P. arrives home. His reception of Beth is completely cynical and sarcastic; he's figured out by now that Bob is not Maggie's uncle and that the black Beth is not a relative. Maggie and Beth pose as stylists that are due to make up Angela's hair and nails. On the terrace, they discreetly try to offer her some jasmine tea which has been drugged, but Angela demurs, saying she doesn't drink tea. Forced to improvise, Maggie waits until Angela puts her hands in Beth's, then Beth grips her hands to hold them while Maggie covers Angela's mouth and injects her with a knockout drug. Unfortunately, before Angela succumbs to the drug, her muffled cries alert her bodyguards and a gunfight breaks out. The two bodyguards are killed, but Beth is hit and wounded. She calls Kaufman to report in, and Maggie is horrified to learn from Beth that Kaufman is calling in "a cleaner". The Cleaner, Victor (Harvey Keitel) arrives to salvage the operation. He puts the two dead guards, along with a security agent he killed getting into the building, into the hot tub and puts Angela inside as well even though she's unconscious, and begins pouring strong acid into the tubs as part of 'clean-up.' Beth, who knows that there were supposed to be no side casualties in the job, is horrified, but Victor silences Beth with a bullet to her heart. Maggie, getting scared, knows that she can't afford any more screw-ups in finishing the job. She makes herself up as Angela and Victor drives her to Fahd's. Back at HQ, Kaufman is telling Bob that a cleaner was brought in to make sure the problems that have already arisen in the operation, won't cause a backlash that implicates them. This also includes orders for Victor that after Maggie finishes the job, she must also be killed. Maggie, disguised as Angela, gains entrance to Fahd's house, She goes to the bathroom where he is taking a bath, and pulls her gun, ordering him to go to his computer and bring up his nuclear program. Bob is seen hurrying out of the HQ building and into his car. Maggie herds Fahd into his study and makes him access his computer. When the monitor shows a system error, Maggie suspects him of stalling and pushes him aside, entering a command to write to a floppy disk. But the disk drive is encrypted and requires a password. Maggie threatens Fahd by telling him to imagine what a bullet in the stomach would feel like, in order to get the password from him. Putting a disk into the drive, she begins copying all the data. One of Fahd's security agents tells Victor that he cannot stay parked where he is and has to move his car. Victor pretends to cooperate, but throws the car into reverse so that the agent is scooped up onto the trunk and tossed over a low fence to tumble down the steep hill that Fahd's estate is located atop. Maggie finishes copying the data and inserts a device into the computer's disk drive that fries all of the computer's circuits and the hard drive. She orders Fahd on the ground, which Fahd knows means she intends to kill him. Maggie's hand shakes and Fahd notices that she is struggling to carry out her orders. Fahd's survival instincts kick in and he leaps up, tackling Maggie to the ground and wrestling for control of her gun while he yells for his chief bodyguard. Maggie manages to hit Fahd in the head, knocking him out, and then fights her way past several guards to leap into Victor's waiting car. More guards converge, shooting, as the main gate closes to cut off exit. But Victor drives off the main path to bust through a side fence, making it onto a road and escaping. Maggie says she's through and has had enough... but as Victor turns to look at her, she realizes that Victor is planning to kill her. As Victor reaches for his gun, Maggie bashes him with her purse and grabs the hand brake for the car, careening it out of control and leaving it half perched on a bend in the road over a steep incline. Victor hits Maggie in her face, knocking her out of the car. He leaps down after her and they fight. Maggie crawls into a shallow space between the car and the ground, and Victor tries to get at her with a knife. When Victor braces himself by grabbing onto the underside of the car, Maggie lashes out with her boot and the car tips further over the edge of the road, pinning Victor underneath it and partially crushing him. Maggie tries to crawl out sideways from the shallow space protecting her, but Victor manages to grab her by her throat. They struggle until the car finally slides over the edge of the road, breaking Victor's grip and crushing him completely as it slides all the way down the incline, taking him with it. Bob arrives on the scene as a fire crew is on the scene. They show him where Victor's car is, but there's no sign of Maggie. Maggie has managed to make it back home and takes a shower. She goes to her bed, finding J.P. seemingly asleep, but she can tell by his breathing that he's awake. J.P. sits up and is horrified on seeing that Maggie is bruised and banged up. He kisses her lightly and gives her a hug. Bob arrives at Maggie's home and is let in by J.P., whose reaction at the sight of Bob shows that he understands more about his true connection to Maggie than Bob would care for. J.P. shows Bob that Maggie has left home and taken none of her personal belongings with her, not even her purse-- nothing but the clothes on her back... and J.P. understands some of the reasons why. J.P. asks Bob to just let Maggie go. When Bob says he can't, J.P. hands him the disk Maggie was supposed to get for him-- she'd left it with J.P. to give to Bob. Bob picks up one of Maggie's Nina Simone records and asks if he can take it with him. As Bob starts to drive off, Maggie is seen watching from further down a side street. Shivering briefly, she starts to walk down the street. As she walks, Bob suddenly pulls back and looks intently at her. He calls Kaufman on his mobile phone. He says there was a bad car wreck last night, and Victor is dead, but all the information they needed was salvaged. Bob seems to struggle for a long moment, but finally tells Kaufman that Maggie is dead as well. Maggie half turns and notices Bob's car driving off. She knows that he spotted her and recognized her and has left her alone.
tt0111333
Animation,Comedy,Family
King William rules a mighty and large kingdom, but he is sad until his daughter is born. He names her Odette. At a ceremony for his daughter, King William and Queen Uberta agree to unite their kingdoms through their children with the plan that they would spend every summer together with the hope of them falling in love and marrying. Unknown to both, the evil enchanter Rothbart looks on, unconcerned about the birth of the new princess. Back at his hideaway, he plots to overtake the kingdom by means of the Forbidden Arts. The night before he plans to strike, William's guards attack, and Rothbart's powers are plunged into darkness. Despite the calls for his death, the king decides to only banish him, but Rothbart swears he will return one day with his powers and take everything he loves. Many fear the king was too kind, but over time, the threat is forgotten. The hopes turn instead to the following summer when Prince Derek and Odette would meet. King William brings Odette to Queen Uberta's castle where she spends the summer with Derek. The two children, knowing they are meant to one day wed, instantly harbor a dislike for each other. Each summer, they resent their time together, opting to prank the other constantly and never once get along. When both finally grow up to be young adults and meet again, Derek is struck by the discovery that Odette has grown from an ugly duckling to a beautiful swan. Odette also realizes she is now charmed by the prince, and they are smitten with each other. Following a kiss at the ball that night, Derek announces for them to arrange the marriage with cheers from his mother, but Odette asks him to wait. When Derek tells her she is all he ever wanted because she is beautiful, she asks him "what else?" and wants to know if beauty is all that matters to him. Confused, Derek asks her, "What else is there?" Saddened by his response, Odette rejects the marriage and departs with her disappointed father. Derek watches her carriage leave, and Uberta exclaims about all the wasted years of planning. On the road back to their kingdom, Rothbart returns and attacks the king's fleet. The wounded captain makes his way to Derek's castle, informing the prince of the attack. Fearful of Odette's fate, Derek races off to find the overturned carriage and mortally wounded king. With his last breaths, William tells Derek that Odette is gone after a great animal attacked them -- that it's "not what it seems." Derek cries out for the loss of Odette, not knowing if she is alive or dead. Back at an abandoned castle that is revealed to be Rothbart's new hideaway, Odette is shown to be a swan. Rothbart informs her that when the moonlight touches the lake each night, she will turn back into a princess. He also reveals that he still wishes to rule over William's kingdom, but he wants to do it legally as her husband so he doesn't have to fight to keep the kingdom. Odette refuses him, planning to escape, but he further reveals that no matter where she is, she will turn back into a swan once the moon sets. After searching everywhere with no sign of Odette, Derek's kingdom believes she has perished, but Derek is determined to believe that the "Great Animal" has her and won't give her up without a fight. He practices daily to make sure he is ready for the battle. His counselor, Lord Rogers, helps Derek practice by pulling together the musicians and has them dress up as forest animals. Derek and his childhood friend, Bromley, are armed with arrows that have harmless, painted balls of cloth instead of tips on them. They use the fake animals for target practice, keeping score of whose color is painted the most on each animal. Derek wins with a hidden spot on the elusive "white rabbit." Lord Rogers then challenges him to a quick round of "Catch and Fire" to prove that Bromley is as courageous as he claims. Dressed in a suit of armor with an apple tied on top of his helmet, Bromley shoots a single arrow at Derek who stands at a distance away with his back turned. Timing it perfectly, Derek whips around, snatches the arrow from the air and perfectly shots the apple in half, demonstrating his perfect ability as an archer. He vows to find Odette no matter where she is. Back at Swan Lake, Odette has made friends with a frog, Jean-Bob, and a tortoise named Speed. Jean-Bob believes he is a prince and that a kiss from a princess will turn him back into his human, prince form. He thinks he needs to cross an alligator-filled moat to retrieve flowers for Odette, and the brave feat will make her want to kiss him. He fails to do so after almost getting eaten, and Odette tells him he deserves a kiss for trying. He agrees, but she explains that because of her spell, she can only kiss the man she loves. The man must then declare a vow of everlasting love to the world, and her spell will be broken. She believes Derek is out there working on finding his way to her. Suddenly, an injured Irish Puffin bird flies through the trees and collapses. Odette pulls the arrow from his wing, and the bird wakes up, believing Odette to be the one who harmed him until he realizes she saved him. He feels indebted to her, introducing himself as Puffin (Lt. Puffin). Odette explains there isn't much he can do because she is under a spell, and just then, Rothbart appears, asking for her hand in marriage again. Odette turns him down, exclaiming that he asks her the same question every night and she gives him the same answer -- "I'll die first." The moon sets, however, and Odette turns back into a swan. Back at the kingdom, Queen Uberta is planning a ball for the following night where princesses from across the lands will meet the eligible prince, hoping one of them will sway Derek away from his quest to find Odette. Meanwhile, Derek continues to research through books at the library, looking for answers to William's warning about the Great Animal not being what it seems. He finds a book that helps him deduce that the Great Animal is very likely to be a shapeshifter. He recruits Bromley to join him on a hunt in the woods after promising his mother he would be back in time for her ball. Back at Swan Lake, Odette tells Puffin about her spell, and she and Puffin decide to retrieve the map from Rothbart's castle in order to find Derek and bring him back to the lake. After some trouble getting the map from Rothbart's hag sidekick, Bridget, Odette and Puffin are able to set out to Derek's castle. Along the way, they happen upon Derek and Bromley venturing through the woods. When Derek spots the swan, he believes it may be the Great Animal and attempts to shoot her with an arrow. Puffin pushes her away in time, and they fly towards Swan Lake with Derek in pursuit. Odette is able to land on the lake, and she transforms back into herself as Derek watches. Surprised but relieved to see her, he runs out to capture her in a loving reunion. Odette tells him about Rothbart and her spell, and Derek invites her to the ball the following night so he can declare his vow of everlasting love to the crowd and break her spell. At this moment, Rothbart starts calling out for Odette, and she forces Derek to depart before he discovers them. Unknown to Odette, Rothbart heard their entire exchange and tells her she won't make it to the ball because there will be "no moon" that night, much to her dismay and sorrow. Fearful that despite her not being there, Derek will still make his vow, Rothbart turns Bridget into Odette and sends her the ball, plotting that Derek will make his vow to the wrong woman and the real Odette will die because of it. On the night of the ball, Rothbart imprisons Odette (in her swan form) in the castle dungeon along with Bromley whom he found lost in the woods. Bridget (as Odette) arrives at the ball late, but Derek immediately dances with her, happy to see Odette but unaware it is not her. At Swan Lake, Puffin, Speed and Jean-Bob successfully free Odette and Bromley from the dungeon, and Odette flies off towards Derek's castle. Through the window, she is shocked to see her doppelganger and desperately tries to break inside, but it is too late. Derek makes his vow to the wrong Odette, and the real Odette immediately feels the consequences. Rothbart breaks into the castle, confronting Derek and revealing that he made his vow to the wrong woman. Derek spots Odette through the window as she weakly flies away. Realizing his mistake, he pursues Odette back to Swan Lake where he finds her transformed as a human again on the ground. As Derek holds her, Odette tells him she is weak but knows the vow he made was meant for her. She confesses her love to him before losing consciousness. Furious, Derek confronts Rothbart, demanding he not let her die. Rothbart challenges him to defeat him first, transforming into the Great Animal. As the battle ensues with Rothbart overpowering Derek and throwing him on the ground, Odette's animal friends are able to retrieve his bow from the lake and get it to him. Bromley also appears and shoots a single arrow at Derek who catches it in the air and fires it into the Great Animal's chest, killing him. Derek returns to Odette's side, fearful that despite his victory, she will not survive. Heartbroken, he declares his love to her, and Odette wakes up, having survived long enough for the spell to be lifted following Rothbart's death. Happily, they embrace. Derek and Odette get married and unite their kingdoms with the young couple having restored Rothbart's castle and taken residence there. At the celebratory ball that night, Odette finally kisses Jean-Bob, and he believes he has turned into a prince when he sees a prince in the fountain water's reflection (when it's actually a real prince hovering over him). Derek pulls his bride onto a bridge overlooking Swan Lake. Odette asks him if he will love her until the day she dies, and Derek responds that he'll love her for much longer.
tt0091875
Action,Comedy,Crime
In Chicago, Illinois, undercover police detectives Danny Costanzo (Billy Crystal) and Ray Hughes (Gregory Hines) spot two criminals, Julio Gonzales (Jimmy Smits) and "Snake", (Joe Pantoliano) getting out of a parked Mercedes-Benz. Gonzales recognizes the officers, jumps back in the car, and drives off, leaving Snake holding an attach case. Snake runs down the alley to his third floor apartment, as the officers chase him. They persuade Snake to invite them inside, but he refuses to hand over the briefcase. When he asks if they have a search warrant, the policemen warn him that he will be uncomfortably detained for as long as it takes them to do the paperwork. Reluctantly, Snake surrenders the attach case, which is filled with $50,000 in cash. Ray asks if Snake has resumed dealing drugs, but he denies the accusation. When Danny searches the apartment, nothing turns up, and the officers cannot make an arrest. Danny goes out on Snake's balcony, and announces to nearby basketball players that Snake's apartment has poor locks, and $50,000 for the taking. Snake realizes he cannot protect his windfall, and punches Ray in the face. Danny and Ray arrest him for assaulting an officer. As they drive Snake to the police station, they discover that the money belongs to Julio Gonzales. They stop at a cemetery so Danny can attend his Aunt Rose's funeral, and he briefly says hello to his former wife Anna (Darlanne Fluegel). Later, at the station, Anna appears and tells Danny she is getting remarried to a dentist. As they talk, a lawyer delivers an envelope with a $40,000 inheritance check from Aunt Rose's estate. With the money, Danny imagines he and Ray will treat themselves to fancy dinners and better seats at Chicago Cubs baseball games. Soon, Captain Logan (Dan Hedaya) informs them that the unidentified man who jumped from a building the other day was actually a South Side police officer, Alan Jackson. He also mentions that Jackson drowned before his body was pushed off the structure, and orders the partners to investigate the crime. At first, Danny and Ray suggest that Snake lead them to Gonzales, but he refuses. However, when he collects his briefcase and money upon being released, Danny and Ray have withheld all but $5,000 of his cash. He can sue the police department, which will take months, so he is forced to cooperate. The partners outfit Snake with an electronic "wire," and watch him take possession of a corrugated box that is filled with Uzi machine guns. They follow him to a shipping vessel as he meets Gonzales. The partners expect to carry out an arrest, but are surrounded and captured by Gonzales's men. However, Gonzales believes Snake has betrayed him and has him killed. Suddenly, two of Gonzales's men, Frank (Steven Bauer) and Tony (Jonathan Gries), announce they are policemen. A gunfight ensues, but Gonzales escapes with a machine gun. As Frank and Tony give chase, they are angry that Danny and Ray have ruined months of undercover work. Gonzales eludes the undercover officers, but Danny and Ray find and arrest him. Later, the captain criticizes the partners for ruining an undercover investigation, and claims they needed to be rescued like a couple of rookies. He orders them to take vacation. Danny and Ray seek out the sunshine of Key West, Florida, where they meet some women, fish, roller skate, and watch the sunset. Danny convinces Ray to quit the force and open a bar. When they return to Chicago, they give the captain 30 days notice of their retirement. However, Capt. Logan announces that Gonzales is back on the street thanks to his lawyer. The partners are eager to apprehend Gonzales and return to work. They get a tip that he may be living with his girl friend at the El Camino apartments. As Ray and Danny drive to the location, they recognize Gonzales's Mercedes. Ray takes a can of red spray paint and creates a no-parking zone around the car, and it is towed. Soon, they have a standoff with four of Gonzales's men. After getting the upper hand, Danny and Ray search the apartment, but Gonzales escapes out the back door. A few floors down, Gonzales grabs a female neighbor, and uses her as a human shield. Gonzales escapes and drives off in their police car. Backup units transport the stranded partners to the station. Capt. Logan warns that the anticipation of retirement is turning them cautious, and caution will likely get them killed. He insists they work together with Frank and Tony to capture Gonzales. A police mechanic transforms Ray and Danny's abandoned cruiser into a yellow taxicab with bulletproof windows. Soon, the four officers are embroiled in a messy stakeout. Tony accidentally shoots Danny but his bulletproof vest saves him. Afterward, Frank and Tony gloat that they have captured one crook, Juan Martinez, while Ray and Danny have none. Danny recognizes Juan, and pulls him aside for further questioning. When Juan gives them an important tip involving Gonzales's upcoming shipment of drugs, they remove his handcuffs. They warn Tony and Frank that Juan is escaping. Meanwhile, the partners go to the airport, hoping to ambush Gonzales, but other officers are already on the scene with drug-sniffing dogs. A dog locates a packet of cocaine believed to be worth $3 million, and Frank and Tony get credit for capturing a suspect. Ray and Danny are irked that the captain is treating them as though their retirement is already in effect. As they leave the runway, a drug agent tells them that further tests reveal the drugs found are of inferior grade, and are likely a decoy. At customs, Gonzales meets with a Colombian priest and nun. When he sees Danny and Ray, he escapes in a limousine, leaving the nun and priest behind. Ray and Danny give the priest and nun a ride, and a chase ensues. Gonzales's limousine drives onto the elevated railroad tracks and the police taxicab barely misses crashing into an oncoming train. The chase continues until Gonzales's limousine stops for another oncoming train. Gonzales jumps out and disappears into the station just as the train upends his limousine. Back at the station, the partners apologize, saying they mistook the priest and nun to be cocaine smugglers for Gonzales. They cannot find drugs inside the ceramic souvenirs in their suitcases, and the nun and priest are released. Ray and Danny soon realize that the ceramic containers themselves are made of pressed cocaine, and tell the captain. Later, the partners harass Juan Martinez to get new information about Gonzales's whereabouts. On their stakeout, Gonzales arranges for a trash compactor truck to destroy their taxicab with them in it after they refuse to return the drugs in exchange for a bribe that would cover a mortgage for their Key West bar. The partners escape through the back window, only to discover that Gonzales is gone. The next day, they retrieve Gonzales's Mercedes from the impound yard, and drive around town looking for him. Anna appears at Danny's apartment to give him an insurance policy she found, and they fight about his inability to act like an adult. Gonzales kidnaps Anna after she leaves the apartment. He warns Danny that he will kill her unless the drugs are returned. Danny and Ray go to the station, where Ray uses a fake requisition form to take the cocaine from the evidence room. Frank and Tony arrive, sensing something is brewing, but Danny and Ray refuse to give them information. As Danny enters the Illinois State Building, Ray sneaks into the basement. He meets Juan Martinez impersonating a security guard. Juan leads Ray to a cage in which all the real guards have been locked up. Ray discovers the only way up is by the window-washing rig. Meanwhile, as Danny rides up in a glass elevator, Anna passes, descending in a second elevator. Danny opens a duffle bag and displays plastic bags of cocaine. Gonzales gives the signal for Anna's elevator to rise until it is level with Danny. Suddenly, Gonzales's associate opens fire on both elevators. Danny orders his wife to drop to the floor. He shoots the associate dead. Ray rappels inside the building's atrium with ropes. He sees Frank and Tony enter the lobby and orders them to get Gonzales. Danny's elevator door opens but Anna's remains shut. He orders her to climb out the top and jump over to his elevator but she is afraid to move. He throws bags of cocaine in the air, and Gonzales is frantic as they burst on the lobby floor. Danny catches Anna and they escape. Ray shoots his way past Gonzales's men and swings onto firm ground. The partners fire away at Gonzales and he goes down. Ray and Danny argue over who fired the fatal shot, but Gonzales pops up again. After another round of shooting, Gonzales collapses dead on a down escalator, and his bloody body lands on the lobby floor. Anna hugs Danny and smothers him with kisses. Danny and Ray agree that the people of Chicago deserve good protection and Frank and Tony could use more seasoning. At this, Danny turns to the rookies and asks if anyone wants to buy his bar.
tt0112760
Action,Adventure,Comedy
In 1668 Jamaica, Morgan Adams (Geena Davis) a born and raised pirate lady is found by her father's henchmen and called back to her father's ship in emergency. Her uncle and fellow pirate Dawg Brown (Frank Langella), has captured her father, Black Harry (Harris Yulin). Black Harry has one of three pieces of a map to a huge stash of gold on the remote Cutthroat Island. Dawg has another piece, having stolen it from the corpse of a third brother, Richard, while a fourth brother, Mordechai (George Murcell), has the last piece. Harry refuses to give Dawg his piece and attempts a daring escape that fails when he's mortally wounded. A dying Harry reveals to his daughter the location of his piece of map; he had it tattooed on his scalp. He also gives his daughter ownership and captaincy of his ship, the Morning Star. After scalping her dead father for the piece, Morgan rejoins the ship as captain and sets out for the treasure. Some of the ship's crew are reluctant to follow but are convinced when she reveals the map. Unfortunately, the instructions on the map appear to be in Latin, which no one on board reads. So, they go to nearby Port Royal to find a translator. Meanwhile, in Port Royal, William Shaw (Matthew Modine), a doctor turned thief, is working a fancy dancing ball, stealing from its numerous lady guests. Unfortunately, things turn sour when Captain Trotter (Angus Wright) catches him red handed and makes him prisoner. His boss, Governor Ainslee (Patrick Malahide), orders Shaw to be sold as a slave. Morgan and her crew learn that one of the slaves up for auction, a doctor, is fluent in Latin. After threatening a man determined to outbid her, Morgan wins the auction. Unfortunately, she is recognized from her wanted poster and is chased out of town, along with her crew and Shaw. Humiliated, Governor Ainslee vows to find her, either to arrest her or form a partnership for half her profits. He enlists the help of John Reed (Maury Chaykin), a chronicler who often follows pirates to write his books. Meanwhile, Morgan, while looking at the map with Shaw, realizes that the instructions were not Latin, they were simply written backwards. She also figures that the Bible verses written on the map are actually longitude coordinates of the island. The crew finds Mordechai in Spittlefield Harbor. Morgan makes a deal with Mordechai to join their ships and crews together against Dawg. Before she can learn where the second piece of map is, Dawg appears. A fight ensues, during which Mordechai is killed and Morgan is shot, while Shaw secretly finds the piece of map engraved on a piece of wood and keeps it to himself. After they escape on the Morning Star, Morgan collapses from her wound but is saved by Shaw who is, after all, a doctor. The two kisses for the first time. Shaw pretends he doesn't have the second piece of map. Dawg's ship, the Reaper, bears down on them. Morgan directs hers toward a coral reef... and a gale. While she is distracted by a storm, Shaw sneaks into her cabin with the second piece of the map. Realizing that the upper case letters on the map are actually roman numbers, therefore the missing coordinates, he pieces together the longitude and latitude to find the location of Cutthroat Island which, turns out, was uncharted so far. Morgan catches him and forces him to reveal his true identity. It turns out, Shaw is just a poor common thief and con man who was never a doctor. He ends up thrown in the brig for his lies. During the storm, Reed sends a carrier pigeon revealing their location to Ainslee. Meanwhile, the majority of the crew led by the treacherous Scully (Jimmie F. Skaggs) mutinies against Morgan and maroon her and those loyal to her in a boat. Shaw escapes and jump off the ship but is unseen and unheard by Morgan and her remaining crew. He is unable to reach their boat. The boat is wrecked in the storm but luckily, the tide takes them straight to Cutthroat Island. As Morgan goes after the treasure with the parts she already know, she sees Dawg and his ship arriving on the island. She plans to steal Dawg's piece of map at night but Shaw, who survived the storm, is quicker. Unfortunately for him, Shaw falls into quicksand and has to surrender the map to Morgan to be saved. Together, they find the gold, but are ambushed by Dawg, forcing them to jump off a cliff into the tide. Dawg and his crew claims the gold and load it on their ship. After regaining consciousness, Shaw finds Reed, who leads him into a trap set by Dawg, Ainslee, and the mutineers, who have all joined forces and intend to split the gold between them. As Shaw is captured and they make their way out to sea with the gold, Morgan sneaks aboard the Morning Star and retakes it from Scully and the mutineers. The crew then tries to sneak attack the Reaper, but Dawg counterattacks. A sea fight ensues, during which Shaw escapes and Ainslee, his men and Reed are killed by cannon fire. Morgan boards the Reaper and blows out the ship's bottom to get to the gold. She then duels Dawg while Shaw gets trapped below in rapidly rising water with the treasure. Morgan finally kills Dawg with a cannon and saves Shaw, forced to abandon the treasure to escape the sinking ship. Luckily, Morgan attached a marker barrel to the treasure beforehand, allowing them to retrieve it and the newly rich crew sets sail for their next adventure in Madagascar.
tt0097257
Comedy,Musical,Romance
Three furry aliens at the helm - the blue Mac (Jeff Goldblum), the golden Zeebo (Jim Carrey), and the crimson Wiploc (Damon Wayans) - are traveling in a spaceship. It's been a long time since they each have had a female companion, and they receive a broadcast showing human females. They are fascinated by these hairless, shapely creatures, and when they discover that the broadcast came from Earth, they set off and land in Southern California. Valley girl Valerie Gale (Geena Davis) is a manicurist at the "Curl Up & Dye" hair salon. When she becomes dissatisfied with the lack of sexual affection from her cold fianc, medical doctor Ted Gallagher (Charles Rocket), she decides to seduce him by dressing up in a white corset, suspenders, underwear, stockings and pink high heels. Instead, she catches him cheating on her with a nurse. She kicks him out of her house and refuses to see him again. The next day, she is sunbathing when the aliens' spaceship crash lands in her swimming pool. She befriends them and calls her friend Woody (Michael McKean) to come drain the pool so the aliens can work on their spaceship and get her flying again. Meanwhile, she brings them into her home; and though there is a language barrier at first, the aliens prove to be quick learners and absorb American popular culture and language by watching television. Wanting to blend them into their surroundings, Valerie takes them to her friend Candy Pink (Julie Brown) at the salon. After shaving off the aliens' fur, they turn out to be human looking and attractive. They all go out; and party at Los Angeles nightclubs where their looks and athleticism, and incredibly long tongues soon make them the envy of every female in the place. Valerie and Mac begin to fall for each other and go back at Valerie's house. There, they find out that they are anatomically compatible and make love. The next day, the pool is drained, and Zeebo and Wiploc are working on their spaceship when Woody stops by and offers to take them to the beach. They agree; and after holding up a convenience store by accident, Zeebo and Wiploc are soon driving down the L.A. freeway the wrong way, in reverse, with the police in pursuit. Mac finds out his crewmates are in trouble and goes to help and gets arrested along with Woody in a case of mistaken identity. Valerie smashes the police vehicle so she can also get arrested and go with Mac. The police pursuit ends in a crash, and Zeebo and Wiploc are taken to the emergency room. There they are examined by Ted, who discovers they have two hearts. While he is envisioning achieving fame and fortune for his discovery, Valerie and Mac elude the police and enter the emergency room disguised as a doctor and a nurse; they managed to convince Ted he is delusional. Then they escape back at Valerie's house where work continues on the spaceship. Meanwhile, Valerie and Ted reconcile and plan to go to Las Vegas and get married immediately. Mac is heartbroken and prepares the spaceship for take-off. Valerie comes out to say goodbye, followed by Ted, who discovers the spaceship. While she is struggling to prevent him from calling the authorities, Valerie comes to the realization that Mac is the one she truly loves. She get into the spaceship, and they take off into outer space.
tt0091083
Horror,Sci-Fi
Dr. Edward Pretorius (Ted Sorel) is a scientist who has developed the Resonator, a machine which allows whoever is within range to see beyond normal perceptible reality. His assistant, Dr. Crawford Tillinghast (Jeffrey Combs), activates the machine and soon sees strange creatures in the air. When he is bitten by one of them, he urges Pretorius to turn the machine off. However, the crazed Pretorius refuses, claiming that the machine's effects on his brain are giving him an "orgasm of the mind." Events transpire to the point where Crawford escapes Pretorius' attic laboratory with an fire axe, fleeing outside. When the police arrive, they find Pretorius decapitated. Crawford is arrested for the murder. Crawford is committed to a psychiatric ward, where he is treated by Dr. Katherine McMichaels (Barbara Crampton). After Crawford gives his account of Pretorius' death, Katherine conducts a brain scan and notice that Crawford's pineal gland has grown. Katherine, convinced of Crawford's innocence, decides to let him return to the house in order to show her the Resonator. They are accompanied by Detective Bubba Brownlee (Ken Foree), who investigated Pretorius' death. Upon returning to the house, Katherine and Crawford rebuild the Resonator. Crawford reactivates the machine, which causes more creatures to appear. A severely deformed Pretorius, still alive, appears in the attic and tells the trio of a world beyond that is more pleasurable than normal reality. Pretorius' body gruesomely breaks apart when Crawford attempts to touch him, leading Bubba to draw his gun and fire at the mad doctor. Crawford shuts off The Resonator, making Pretorius and the creatures vanish. It is now morning, and the three discuss the creatures over breakfast. Katherine - who insists that the Resonator could possibly cure schizophrenia - suggests that they turn the machine back on, but Bubba and Crawford disagree. They all go to sleep, each with a headache. But while everyone is sleeping, Katherine gets back up to feel the pleasure from the machine and turns it back on, bringing forth a worried Crawford and the now almost unrecognizable Edward who is mutated and covered in slime. Bubba enters the scene as Edward grabs Katherine and rips off her clothes, preparing to eat her mind and take her to the world of beyond. Crawford and Bubba go down into the basement to shut off the power, but encounter a giant worm-monster, prompting Crawford to conclude the vibration waves permeate the entire house. The worm begins to devour Crawford, but Bubba succeeds in shutting off the power, bringing a hairless Crawford back, and sending Edward away. The freed Katherine then turns off the machine and meets the others downstairs, crying and feeling ashamed and horrified for turning it back on. Bubba decides that they should leave the house, but as Katherine puts lotion on Crawford's inflamed skin, she expresses her desire to monitor the machine to figure out where the creatures are coming from. Bubba refuses and tells her to go get dressed. She begins to explore other parts of the house, finding Edward's old S&M outfits and putting one on. She then starts to tease a sleeping Crawford, until Bubba comes in and tells her to snap out of it, which she does, throwing a robe over the outfit. All of a sudden the power returns and The Resonator turns back on, as all three of them run up into the attic to deactivate it. Katherine and Crawford are attacked by little bee-like creatures that strip the flesh off of their victims, and as Bubba pushes them out of the way, he is devoured to the bone. A now almost fully mutated Edward, without any legs or proper arms, grabs Katherine and starts to drag her flesh torn, bleeding body towards him. Crawford fights Edward and succeeds in freeing Katherine but then his enlarged pineal gland pops out of his forehead like an antenna. Katherine short circuits the machine by spraying it repeatedly with a fire extinguisher. She then takes Crawford back to the hospital, where she is evaluated for insanity and schizophrenia, since her story was just like Crawford's and she is blamed by Dr. Bloch and the police for this evening's events. Vindictive Dr. Bloch then orders for Katherine to get shock treatment. Dr. Bloch then goes to perform an autopsy on an undead Crawford, who is on the lookout for brains to eat with the use of his antenna. As Katherine is being prepared for shock treatment by a sadistic staff member, Crawford attacks and eats Dr. Bloch's brain. Katherine escapes, gets new clothes, and drives back to the house with a bomb. Crawford follows her on a hijacked ambulance car. Katherine puts the bomb on The Resonator, sets it for 5 minutes, and goes to leave, only to have Crawford chain her up in Edward's S&M room, claiming that he loves her. As he is about to eat her brain, she bites off his exposed, enlarged pineal gland, reverting him to his senses. However, Crawford is pulled away by a completely deformed, mutated Edward. Meanwhile, Katherine manages to attract the leech creatures that sense her movement and bite through the straps, releasing her. Crawford fights Edward, only to be eaten by him. Edward chases Katherine into the laboratory, where Crawford's form begins to tear out through Edward's skin and muscles. The two fight for the control of the deformed body, until it dissolves in its own digestive fluids. Katherine finally frees herself and jumps out the attic window, right as the whole attic explodes. She lands on her legs, breaking one, and as the neighbors gather around her, she goes from sobbing to laughing hysterically as she tells them, "It ATE him!".
tt0283509
Drama,War
Two wounded soldiers are caught between their lines in no man's land, in a struggle for survival. Ciki is a Bosnian Muslim, and Nino is a Bosnian Serb. The two soldiers confront each other in a trench, where they wait for dark. They trade insults and even find some common ground. Confounding the situation is Cera, a wounded Bosniak soldier who wakes from unconsciousness. A land mine had been buried beneath him by the Bosnian Serbs; should he make any move, it would be fatal. Marchand, a French sergeant of the United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR), gets involved in effort to help the three trapped soldiers, despite initial orders to the contrary by high command. UNPROFOR's mission in Bosnia was to guard the humanitarian aid convoys, to remain neutral and act as a mere bystander. An English reporter arrives on scene, bringing media pressure to bear that moves the United Nations high command to swing in to action to try to save the soldiers. A row between the stressed out and fatigued Ciki and Nino gradually escalates even after being rescued. Eventually, Ciki shoots Nino and is in turn shot by a peacekeeper. After this confrontation, it is found that the mine cannot be defused. The UNPROFOR high command tries to save face: they lie, saying that Cera has been saved and they leave the area, along with the reporters and everyone else. In reality, Cera is left alone and desolate in the trenches, still immobilized by the mine. source:Wiki
tt0105643
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
The film begins with the main character, a child named Joshua Waits (Michael Stephenson), being contacted by his dead grandfather, Seth (Robert Ormsby). Seth informs Joshua of evil creatures known as goblins roaming the world who force or trick humans into consuming poisoned food which will turn them into the goblin's favorite type of food, vegetables. The goblins would then eat them. Meanwhile Joshua's sister, Holly (Connie McFarland), receives a visit from her boyfriend Elliot (Jason Wright). She accuses him of being a homosexual because he spends large amounts of time with his friends Brent, Arnold and Drew (David McConnell, Darren Ewing and Jason Steadman respectively). Since she and the rest of the family are going to Nilbog for a holiday, he offers to meet her on the way. She agrees but under the condition that he will come alone without his friends. However, Elliot does not turn up at their meeting point and his parents, Michael (George Hardy) and Diane (Margo Prey), go on without him. They meet him further up the route but she angrily dismisses him since he is accompanied by his friends. Joshua has a dream that his family are actually goblins in disguise preparing to consume him but wakes up to find Seth again, this time posing as a hitchhiker. Joshua tells his parents to stop the car and runs up to him. Seth informs Joshua that their holiday destination is in fact the kingdom of the goblins he mentioned earlier, and urges him to convince his parents to turn back. Joshua is unable to, and the family arrive at Nilbog. Meanwhile one of Elliot's friends, Arnold goes out for a walk and meets a woman being pursued by the goblins. Running away, they enter the house of the goblins' druid leader, Creedence Leonore Gielgud (Deborah Reed), who uses the "Stonehenge Magic Stone" to give the goblins power. Creedence dupes the two into drinking a magic potion which causes the woman to disintegrate into a puddle of vegetable matter which is then eaten by the goblins, and Arnold is morphed into a plant. Joshua looks into a car mirror hoping to contact Seth again but only succeeds in noticing from the reflection that Nilbog is Goblin spelled backwards. He concludes that the area must be their kingdom and skateboards off to an abandoned church where the goblins are listening to a sermon espousing the evils of eating meat. However, he is noticed and brought to the basement where they attempt to feed him spiked ice cream. Michael walks in and grows slightly suspicious, taking Joshua out. The family returns to find that the village has prepared a surprise party to "make up for the misunderstanding earlier". Joshua runs upstairs hoping to contact Seth but instead is confronted by Creedence in goblin form. Seth appears and chops her hand off with an axe, causing her to retreat back to her house.the meantime, Creedence deals with Elliot's one remaining friend, Brent, by drowning him in popcorn. Joshua, Elliot, Holly, Michael and Diane hold a sance to communicate with Seth, who tells them that he has ten minutes before he disappears from the mortal world permanently. Just then the goblins gain entry and Joshua is sent to Creedence's house somehow. The rest of the family go upstairs, chased by the goblins. Seth tells Joshua to put his hands on the Magic Stone and focus in order to defeat the goblins and gives him a bag which he must only open if he is in mortal danger. The goblins break into the house and transport Joshua to Creedence's chapel, where Joshua opens the bag, revealing a "double-decker Bologna sandwich". He eats the sandwich, making his body poisonous to the goblins; he then touches the Stonehenge Stone, which destroys Creedence. The family returns home, where Joshua's mother is seen eating food from the refrigerator. The food, unknown to the family, has been poisoned by the family of goblins who took over their home during their exchange in the country. During the epilogue, Diane is killed by consuming spiked food left in the house. Joshua discovers her corpse being eaten by the goblins. Joshua screams in horror.
tt0072081
Comedy,Crime,Mystery
The bumbling French Inspector Clouseau (Peter Sellers) has been temporarily demoted to beat cop by his boss, Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus (Herbert Lom), who despises Clouseau to the point of obsession. However, the French government forces Dreyfus to reinstate Clouseau as the Inspector of the Sret (as they had been planning to anyway, much to Dreyfus' chagrin) so that he can go to the fictional Middle Eastern nation of Lugash to investigate the theft of the fabled Pink Panther diamond, which has once again been stolen. Clouseau's investigation at the Lugash National Museum, which he nearly destroys with his klutzy ways, lead him to believe that Sir Charles Litton (Christopher Plummer), the notorious Phantom, is re-creating the most infamous heist of his career. Clouseau is delighted at this, and sees this as his only chance to get his revenge on Litton for framing him and temporarily sending him to prison (in the first Pink Panther film). Although Clouseau fails to uncover any leads into the theft, his bumbling allows him to survive several attempts on his life by a mysterious assassin. After staking out, and nearly demolishing, the Litton Manor in Nice, Clouseau is tricked into leaving France. He follows Sir Charles' wife, Lady Claudine (Catherine Schell) to a resort hotel in Gstaad, Switzerland, where his attempts to investigate her repeatedly fail. Meanwhile in England, Sir Charles reads about the theft and realizes that he has been framed. He goes to Lugash to investigate, encountering various underworld figures of old acquaintance, and foils several attempts on his life. Litton eventually manages to discover that the thief of the diamond is his wife, Lady Claudine. Because they were both bored with their quiet retirement, she stole the diamond for her own excitement, then sent her husband on a wild goose chase for his. Sir Charles makes a daring escape from Lugash and goes to Gstaad to find his wife and the diamond to clear his name. Inspector Clouseau, who has unknowingly been on the trail of the real thief all along, receives a telephone call from Chief Inspector Dreyfus telling him to arrest Lady Claudine. However, when Clouseau calls Dreyfus back to ask why, he is informed that Dreyfus has been on vacation for the past week. Dreyfus, now revealed as the assassin trying to kill Clouseau, prepares to shoot him with a sniper rifle as soon as he enters Lady Claudine's room. Lady Claudine playfully confesses the theft to her husband, and hands the diamond over to him, so he can go about proving his innocence. They are cornered by Colonel Sharky (Peter Arne) of the Lugash Secret Police, who intends to kill both of them. It turns out he has been using the theft of the diamond as an excuse to purge his political opponents. Just then, Clouseau barges into the room to arrest the Littons. Sir Charles points out that Colonel Sharky is going to kill them all. Suddenly, Dreyfus opens fire on the room, and manages to accidentally kill Sharky while aiming at Clouseau, who has ducked at the last minute to check his fly. During the fray, Clouseau is forced to allow the Littons to escape. For once again recovering the Pink Panther, Clouseau is promoted to Chief Inspector, while Sir Charles resumes his career as a jewel thief (Lady Claudine's fate is not mentioned). At a Japanese restaurant in the epilogue, Cato unexpectedly attacks Clouseau again and triggers a massive brawl, naturally destroying the premises. In a post credits scene, Dreyfus is committed to a lunatic asylum for his actions, where he is straitjacketed inside a padded cell and vows revenge on Clouseau. The animated Pink Panther appears and films his antics, and concludes the credits with a smoke ring.
tt1555149
Action,Crime,Drama
The Brazilian most popular cinema character since "Retomada" comes back to screens. Now more mature, more strategic and more solidary, Colonel Nascimento gives BOPE structure and force. Gets the traffic away from lots of favelas. Denies the corrupt politicians to earn with traffic's "truce", only to discover that in the public security of Rio de Janeiro nothing is what it looks like and that the problem to be faced is not restringed to the traffic. The "hole" is lower. The destiny of the city and of Nascimento intersect in "Elite Squad 2". Since intense researches, the director Jos Padilha and the writer Brulio Mantovani constructed an actual history, based in real facts that mingle to the fake history of Nascimento, of his family and of his friends, to talk about Brazilian reality through cinema. To face the challenge and present the publics a so surrounding history as "Elite Squad", Padilha and the producer Marcos Prado counted on almost the same team and cast from the first movie. An integrated team, which resumed hard and devotely the challenge to continue the saga and a character that marked Brazillian cinema forever. In "Elite Squad 2", the system is reinvented and discovers how to gain money without the traffic intermediate. Following the way trodden by the system, the public accompanies Nascimento going out of the barrack's limits, revealing the connections between militia and Estate. And the discover's price is high. You don't know where the bullet is from.
tt0362225
Crime,Drama,Mystery
The novel and movie have significant differences. The novel takes place in the U.S., while the movie takes place in Paris. The following is the movie version. The movie opens with a nighttime dinner scene at a country home with many of the main characters in the movie. It is revealed that the main character, Alex Beck, has been in medical school for nine years. What appears to be the following day Alex and his wife Margot drive to a secluded lake, Lake Charmaine, where they have childhood memories and a carved heart with their initials, M+A, on a tree near the lake. There, Margot uses Alex's pocketknife to add an additional hash mark to the many already present below the heart. Thereafter they disrobe and romantically swim naked in the lake. After nightfall they end up snuggling together on a wooden raft in the center of the lake. After having a little argument about the cold relationship he has with his sister Anne, Margot comments she will "butt out" and swims back to the shore to check on the dog that was left in the car. Alex then hears Margot's cry for help, swims to shore, and is knocked unconscious as he attempts to exit the water using the ladder on the dock. He is last seen falling back into the water. The next scene is eight years later when we see Alex arriving at the hospital where he works as a practicing pediatrician. While attending to a young girl and her parents Alex hears a commotion in the admission section and rushes to the scene. There he finds a thug-looking man named Bruno holding his son in his arms and demanding to see Alex. Alex is the only person there who Bruno will trust with his hemophiliac son who had fallen off the couch. Alex provides Bruno assurance and carries Bruno's son into the emergency room. Alex meets his friend Helene, who is his sister's lover and domestic partner, for lunch in her restaurant, where he reads in a newspaper that two male bodies were uncovered near the Lake Charmaine. In his lunch conversation with Helene they discuss his plans to meet with Margot's mother in what has been a yearly meeting with her for the past eight years on the anniversary of Margot's murder. Alex also promises to stop by Helene's apartment after his visit with Margot's mother. Alex stops and talks with Bruno on his way back to the hospital. Bruno provides Alex with his phone number on a card and offers Alex cash. Alex declines the cash to which Bruno suggests a DVD player or plasma TV. Alex refuses the gifts and tells Bruno he will update him when his son comes out of surgery. When Alex returns to his office, he notices a new email message with the subject M+A followed by a row of about thirty slash marks (M+A///////////////////////////). He counts the slash marks and then opens the email. The email contains a link and the message with the words "open link," "anniversary," and "6:15 p.m." Alex attempts to immediately open the link, but it doesnt open. While Alex is still contemplating the email, he receives a message from his secretary that a police sergeant would like to speak to him. In the next scene Alex has arrived at his sister's home where she is practicing jumping with her horse. They then meet with the police sergeant to discuss the case of the two men that were found buried near the lake. The discussion reveals several interesting points. The two men were found near where Margot was killed, but not on the family's property. A baseball bat was found buried with the two victims containing type B positive blood, the same blood type as Alex. And, even though Alex was cleared of his wife's murder and even though the murder was later attributed to a serial killer by the name of Serton, the police still proclaimed being puzzled by Alex's claim that he had been knocked unconscious into the water, yet was later found on the dock. Alex then submits to a blood DNA test. A nurse also shows up to take his blood. That night he has several drinks while out walking his dog Nina. At home he stares at the email message on his computer screen and recalls the days with his wife including his childhood memories, his wedding, and her funeral where she was cremated. The next day he is anxious all day for the email he is expecting at 6:15 p.m. on the apparent day of the anniversary of Margot's death. When he opens the link at 6:15, he observes that it is a web camera located at a shopping mall focused on a pair of escalators. While he is watching, he sees a woman who looks like Margot walk into the frame, turn to the camera, look at him, and slowly speak to the camera though Alex can only see her speak. She then turns around and walks off. Alex also receives a second email that contains the messages: "Same time + 2 hrs," "Username: Concert, Password: Olympia," and "Tell no one. They are watching." Alex thereafter visits Margot's mother and father where he confronts Margot's father regarding how positive he was when he identified his daughter's body after the murder. Out of this conversation we learn that Margot's father was a captain in the police force at the time and that Alex never viewed or identified his wife. Margot's father is irritated by all of Alex's probing questions and eventually asks him to leave. As promised at lunch the previous day Alex stops at Helene's apartment. While there, he tells Helene of the emails he has received and shows her the link to the web camera. In the discussion Alex mentions that the web camera must be located outside of France because it was dark in Paris while the web camera still depicted daylight. While Alex is visiting Helene, Alex's sister Anna is participating in an equestrian meet sponsored by Gilbert Neuville in honor of his son who was an equestrian jumping champion who died eight years ago in 1997. When Anne shows up at Helene's apartment, she announces that she placed second, is very tired, and is going to bed. Helene whispers to Alex that she and Anne had had a little fight, that Anne was suspicious of Helene having an affair with a woman at work. When Alex returns home, he again stares at his computer screen displaying the web camera at the shopping mall. Meanwhile two men at some unknown location are viewing and discussing the same two emails that Alex has received. One of them is knowledgeable of computers and states that the emails are anonymous and that the accounts are created at the time the emails are sent. He further states that he is tied into both of Alex's computers so that he would know when Alex goes on line. The other man, later identified as Bernard, states that he thinks he knows enough already. The next morning several policemen are awaiting Alex when he arrives at the hospital. One of them is Captain Levkowitch who invites Alex to the police station where it would be more convenient to talk. At the police station Alex is asked about a woman named Juliette Langlois and is shown three photos of Margot bruised and beaten. Alex acknowledges that Juliette is his wife's middle name and that Langlois is the street where she lived growing up. Alex denies ever beating his wife and denies ever seeing the photos. Alex is next seen in a car with a high-powered woman attorney name Elysabeth Feldman, who was hired by Helene. Although Alex has never seen the photos that the police had in their possession, Alex told Elysabeth that while he was doing his residency in Bordeaux, Margot had been in an automobile accident with her girlfriend, Charlotte. That afternoon Alex goes to visit Margot's old girlfriend Charlotte, a photographer, who he hasn't communicated with since his wife's death. Charlotte admonishes Alex for not staying in touch but Alex tells her that he just wasn't up to it. Alex then asks Charlotte about the automobile accident and the photos. Charlotte explains that there was no accident, that one day Margot showed up bruised and asked her to claim that she was in an accident with her, should Alex ever ask. She assured Alex that Margot had never lied to him regarding anything else. When Alex returns to his apartment, he searches through boxes of Margot's stuff and finds her daily planner-calendar for 1997. In there he finds an appointment noted by the initials PF. When he calls the phone number, a woman answers the phone for a lawyer by the name of Pierre Ferrault, who is not in the office. In the meantime Captain Levkowitch and his partner meet Margot's parents at their residence. Levkowitch shows the same three photos to Margot's mother that he had shown to Alex and inquires about Alex. Eventually Margot's father asks his wife to leave the room while he discusses further details. In that discussion Levkowitch and his partner make a case for Alex having murdered Margot for the 200,000-pound life insurance policy. In the conversation they disclose that the photos were from a safe deposit box under the name of Juliette Langlois and that the key was in the pocket of one of the men found at the lake. Alex later meets up with Helene where they discuss the possibility of the police attempting to shake him up with the apparent emails from Margot. That evening the two of them attempt to open the web mail account with the username and password provided in the previous email. They are both unsuccessful, but discover that Alex's computer was actively being linked to another computer. In the mean time, Bernard and a woman thug await Charlotte in her studio. When she returns from being out, they terrorize her and torture her regarding the whereabouts of Margot. After they receive a call that Helene has left Alex's apartment. Bernard shoots Charlotte and the two leave. In the mean time Alex has taken his dog Nina for a walk. While thinking about the emails he has received, he gets an idea and runs with Nina to an Internet boutique several blocks away. The clerk will not allow Alex to enter with Nina, so he ties Nina to a bike rack and enters by himself. Another man, who arrived about the same time, allows Alex to go first and a minute or so later takes a seat at the computer to his right. Alex first enters the username "Concert" and password "Olympia" but then changes it to "U2" and "1995." The email account is valid and Alex finally gets to read the message he has been after. The message is to meet at a park near the bandstand the following afternoon at 5 p.m. The next morning on the way to work Alex stops by the morgue to talk with the coroner regarding Margot's file and photos of her autopsy. He is told by the coroner that the records are not filed there and that he would have to formally request them, which he does. In the mean time, the police have arrived at Charlotte's studio presumably called there by her associate. Her associate tells the police that when he had left work the day before, Charlotte was with a gentleman by the name of Alex Beck. The police immediately send a team of officers to Alex's apartment where they find some gloves in a trash can in the alley and a handgun taped to the backside of a desk. Alex is next seen at work working with a patient when he receives a call from Helene's attorney, Elysabeth Feldman. She informs Alex of Charlotte's murder, that the police are on their way to the hospital, that she will meet him there as well, and to sit tight and not say anything. Alex checks out the hallways and exits where he sees police on their way. He then leaves the building through a window in his office, jumps to the roof of a van below, and then runs down the street pursued by the police. After a harrowing chase scene, Alex hides in a dumpster and calls Bruno. After another chase Bruno and his associates create a distraction and get Alex into his black Chevy Tahoe. After losing Alex in the chase, Captain Levkowitch stops by his mother's place to drop off some groceries. There he speaks with his partner and admits to being the one who called Alex's attorney, Elysabeth Feldman. In his conversation Levkowitch goes through a list of reasons why he doesn't think Alex would have murdered Charlotte including hiding the murder weapon in his apartment behind a desk, his stopping at the coroner's office on the way to work, and even going to work at all. While his partner cautions him about the consequence of doing something that would re-open the murder case of the serial killer Serton, Levkowitch counters that he just wants to get to the truth. Next, Alex and Bruno together go to the office of Pierre Ferrault where Alex questions Ferrault regarding his connection to Margot. Ferrault informs Alex that he had represented a man name Helio Gonzales who had been accused of killing Philippe Neuville, the son of the wealthy and well known Gilbert Neuville. Philippe and Helio had been seen together the night of Philippe's murder and Margot came forward as his alibi for the time of the murder. Margot had originally claimed that she had been professionally counseling Helio, but because no one was expected to believe that she would have been working at 11:00 p.m., Margot eventually admitted that she had had a two-month affair with Helio. Alex, Bruno, and Bruno's associate next track down Helio. Although Helio is a jerk and enjoys humiliating Alex about having sex with his wife, Alex bluffs Helio telling him that he was with his wife the night Philippe was murdered and could thereby invalidate Helio's alibi and land Helio in jail. Helio falls for the bluff and confirms that he did not have an affair, simply went along with what Margot told him to say, and that she got him released from murder charges. At 5 p.m. Alex shows up in at the park and waits on a bench near the bandstand as instructed in the email. However, unknown to Alex there are four men and a woman (including Bernard, the woman, and the man who sat next to Alex at the Internet boutique the previous evening) staking out the park from within and from a van parked near the entrance. The group initially mistake a woman with stroller and child for Margot. As Margot approaches Alex from behind, she sees a man talking on a walkie-talkie and hesitates to approach Alex any further. She then decides to abort the meeting and leaves through one of the gates. Because the gang of thugs had been concentrating on the woman with the stroller, they miss Margot leaving through the gate. Alex catches a glimpse of Margot leaving and attempts to catch up with her, but as he exits the gate, Bernard gives the go-ahead to take him captive. The four remaining thugs kidnap him in the van, hold him down, and begin to torture him for information. When the van stops at the next cross street, Bruno and his associate hijack the van and kill two of Alex's kidnappers, rescue Alex, and flee the scene in Bruno's black Chevy Tahoe. In the meantime, Captain Levkowitch is parked at the morgue where he has obtained a copy of the autopsy report. While he is sitting in his car reading it and taking notes, he receives a call on his radio that Alex has purchased a ticket for a flight to Buenos Aires at 10:30 p.m. Around this same time Bernard, the leader of the other four thugs, meets with his boss, Gilbert Neuville at Gilbert's home. At their meeting, Gilbert describes his attachment to his son, who he says, "rots underground, while she may still be alive." He then states that he "cannot accept that." At the airport Margot is awaiting her flight. When she hears her boarding call, she stands and catches a glimpse of the televised news. The news flash indicates the murder of Charlotte Bertaud and the escape of suspect Alex Beck. Margot then proceeds to boarding where she changes her mind and leaves. In the meantime Captain Levkowitch and his partner learn from a clerk at flight check-in that the seat adjacent to Alex Beck was reserved by a woman named Caroline Perreire and that the tickets were purchased only five minutes apart. When they run to the appropriate gate which was starting to board passengers, they discover that neither Alex nor Caroline Perreire have boarded. Alex, who is now at Brunos apartment, has no success in being contacted by Margot on the computer at Brunos apartment. He does, however call his attorney, Elysabeth Feldman, and tell her that he can prove he didn't kill Charlotte. In the meantime, Captain Levkowitch meets Helene walking home from work with Alex's dog. He tells her that he is probably the only one who thinks Alex is innocent and asks for her help in locating him. In their conversation he tells her that Margot's photos had been removed from the autopsy report and that according to the report, Margot was a heroin addict. Helen then begins to examine the report. When Helene arrives home, she is greeted by a kiss from Anne who then follows her into the bathroom where Helene showers. While Helene showers, Anne tells Helene that she is the one who took the photos of Margot and that it was Philippe Neuville who had beaten her. Helene steps from the shower and a brief argument ensues. The phone then rings. The call is from Elysabeth Feldman who wants a photo of Alex's dog to establish Alex's alibi. When Elysabeth Feldman receives the photo of Nina, she provides it to the DA with statements establishing that Alex was at the Internet boutique at the time of Charlotte's murder and calls for the DA to do a press release that Alex is only wanted for questioning. The following day Alex shows up at Helene's where Anne apologizes for all of the problems she has caused him by not telling anyone about the photos. Also present are Captain Levkowitch and his partner who apologize as well and provide Alex a copy of the autopsy report. Alex reads the report and recognizes that the dead woman was much taller than Margot. He has a few more words with everyone and then leaves the apartment. Captain Levkowitch and his partner ride down the elevator with Alex and continue to ask more questions as they also share some of their information. While they are talking in front of the apartment, a bouquet of flowers like those that grow near the lake are delivered to the apartment for Alex Beck in care of Helene. Next, with the flowers in the back seat of his car Alex drives to Margot's parents' house. The front door is slightly open, so Alex enters. When inside, he hears Margot's father tell him that he is in the kitchen. As Alex walks into the kitchen Margot's father pulls a gun on him from behind, frisks him, and then tells him to have a seat in the living room. He pours himself a stiff drink and proceeds to provide an account to Alex. As Margot's father tells the story the audience is provided scenes to accompany the story. Two months before the event at Lake Charmaine, a boy from the children's trust came to Margot distressed and told her he had been molested by Philippe Neuville. This prompted Margot to invite Philippe to her home in the country where she confronted him. The plan was for Margot to extract a confession for her father who was waiting outside. However, when confronted, Philippe violently retaliated and was beating Margot mercilessly when Margot's father entered the house with a shotgun. He immediately became enraged and shot Philippe with both barrels. As Margots father continues to tell the story, the scene changes to another location where the police are listening to the story via a wire worn by Alex. At a point in the story, the wire gets static and the police can no longer hear the story continue. When the signal becomes clear again, we learn that Margot's father then disposed of the body to implicate a kid named Helio Gonzales who lived at the home of the childrens' trust. Margot, however, would not accept Helio taking the wrap for something he didn't do, so she provided an alibi to get him off. Then, to protect herself Margot placed the photos taken by Anne in a safe deposit box and contacted Gilbert Neuville to warn him that she was holding incriminating evidence against Philippe. Margot's father then tells Alex that Neuville had half of the police force and politicians on his payroll including him. He also knew how Neuville would respond to Margot and thereafter tapped Neuville's phones where he later learned that Neuville had hired two men to kill Margot and retrieve the evidence. To outwit Neuville, he then paid one of the two men to help him with a different plan. He then staged Margot's death by using the body of a drug user that had been stabbed. He then mutilated her face so that no one could know it wasn't Margot. He further staged the scene to appear like that of a wanted serial killer. In brief, he dragged Alex from the lake, loaded Margot's body into his car, killed both men hired by Neuville, and buried them around 100 meters away. He also told Margot that Alex had died so that Margot would leave and not return. He then sent her by air to Spain and has not contacted her since. He claimed his only mistake was that he forgot to remove the safe deposit box key from the man who had taken it from Margot's purse. When Alex asked Margot's father why he didnt seek help from the authorities, Margot's father claimed that he had already crossed the line. He then provided Alex an envelope containing the details of all the crooked matters he had had with Neuville. He then began to discuss Alex's father, who had also worked as a trainer at the stables. Six months earlier Alex's father had also discovered that Philippe had been molesting kids and had demanded that Margot's father type up a complaint. However, when Gilbert Neuville read the complaint, he simply tore it up and then had Alex's father killed in a staged hunting accident. At this point, Margot's father puts down the gun. Enraged by the story, Alex picks up the gun, aims it at Margot's father, and begins to squeeze the trigger. Apparently regaining his senses, Alex leaves the house where he is greeted by a swat team and Captain Levkowitch. As Alex closes the door behind him, we hear a shot. Alex then hands over the envelope to the police, removes the wire from under his shirt, and walks off. In the next scene, Gilbert Neuville is placed under arrest while attending the jumping show in his son's honor. As he is being escorted away, a rider falls on a fourth jump of a tight series. We next see Alex on his way to Lake Charmaine. As he drives along he has a flashback of the story provided by Margot's father. We again see the scene where Margot's father searches Alex. We then see and hear what transpired when the voice on the wire was drowned out with static. We see that Margot's father had deliberately turned up the volume of static on the TV to suppress the conversation. He then very quietly tells Alex that he knows he is wearing a wire and will tell him what really happened. Instead of Margots father shooting Philippe as before, we again see Philippe punching and kicking Margot, but then leaving through a door. We then see Margot struggling to pull herself to her feet, grabbing several shells from a box in a drawer, inserting the shells into a shotgun, following Philippe out through the same door, and then when he turns around, she shoots him twice. Later we see Margot's father arrive at the scene. At Lake Charmaine, Alex stands before the tree containing the heart, their initials, and hash marks. As he stands there, Margot walks up behind him. When he hears her footsteps, he drops to his knees and begins to cry. Margot walks up behind him and the camera pans upwards. The movie ends with the two of them as children, kissing, holding hands and sitting down on the pier together.
tt0082484
Adventure,Drama,History
Eighty thousand years ago, a brutal Wagabou attack on a sleepy Ulam cave dwelling causes much death and injury. Naoh distinguishes himself in the attack, killing a couple of the gorilla-like Wagabou. Nevertheless, the attack, followed by wolf depredations, leads to the extinguishing of the Ulams' fire. Even the flame kept in a small bone and hide receptacle and guarded by a special fire-keeper, who flounders while slogging through a lake, is lost. The ragged survivors, in miserable conditions, send forth Naoh, Amoukar, and Gaw to find "atra"--fire. A rival faction of the clan seeks to claim the receptacle and the quest for themselves, but an elder chief-figure restores it to Naoh. Crossing a savannah landscape, the three are treed by a pair of sabre-tooth cats. Trapped for some time, the men eat all the leaves of the perilously small tree before the cats leave. Continuing on, they hunger for meat, and Amoukar and Gaw quarrel. They see smoke in a distant forest, but arrive too late to capture the fire. Pawing through the ashes of the campfire, they find bones to gnaw, but stop in disgust as they uncover a humanoid skull. Stalking the cannibalistic Kzamma by the light of their campfire, they see two captive women (one is Ika, who we are soon to meet) hanging captive from a tree. While Amoukar and Gaw run a diversion, Naoh tries to steal fire, but ends up in a fight. He seriously injures two Kzamma, but not before being bitten in the groin. In the end, Naoh absconds with two fire sticks and rejoins his mates. They are soon approached by Ika. The men try to drive her off, but she follows, and eventually wins over Naoh by applying a vegetable poultice to his injured gonads while Amoukar and Gaw are off gathering gourds. The Kzamma have pursued, however, and are poised to attack in superior numbers when miraculously a herd of Wooly Mammoth enter the scene. Naoh wins the day when he approaches the head Mammoth and, supplicant, offers a handful of grass. The animal accepts the offering, and the herd drives off the Kzamma. That evening around the fire, the sexual tension is think. Amoukar makes a try for Ika, but she appeals to Naoh, who warns off Amoukar and--a fast healer--promptly mounts her himself, despite her screams and struggles, though the brief interlude seems to conclude in mutual satisfaction. The following day, Ika attempts to divert the men toward another route, but they ignore her. Later, Naoh seems on the verge of a discovering the stone age breakthrough of flint-knapping when a stone dislodged by Gaw hits Amoukar in the head; Ika's laughter is foreign and somewhat alarming to the men, who, we realize have not yet learned the art and luxury of laughter. The following morning, Ika runs off, and, later that day and to the disgust of his fellows, Naoh leads them in pursuit. They let him go on alone and, nearing Ikas village of mud and reed huts, Naoh bogs down in quicksand and is taken prisoner by her people, the Ivaka. Ika's more advanced people feed Naoh and watch laughing as he has sex with four of the plumper village girls. The following day, Naoh is moved to tears as he watches a demonstration of the wooden drill the villagers use to make fire. Meanwhile, Amoukar and Gaw, having gone in search of Naoh, are found in the quicksand. That night, Amoukar and Gaw escape with an armload of atlatls (another new technology) and with Naoh, whom they must club unconscious in order to bring along. Ika follows. Later, with loving looks, Naoh and Ika decorate one another with mud. Up a tree, Amoukar drops a rock onto Gaw's head, and all have a good laugh. Still later, Naoh mounts Ika but she soon turns onto her back and teaches him another position, to his delight. As this continues, Amoukar makes overtures to Gaw, but Gaw makes clear his refusal. Soon after, the four encounter their old Ulam rivals who challenged them at the outset of their quest. While Naoh and Amoukar reconnoiter, Gaw and Ika hang back at a cave; suddenly, a massive brown bear comes out of the darkness of the cave and mauls Gaw. As the others carry Gaw toward home and safety, the rival clansmen attack, demanding the fire the travelers carry with them. With their new stone-tipped spears and atlatls, they make short work of the Ulam ingrates, and even Ika getting in on the atlatl action. Returning to the main Ulam group, the people are overjoyed to see the travelers returning with fire. During the celebration, which takes place in the shallows of a lake, the original fire-keeper again falls with the receptacle into the water, extinguishing the flame. Naoh makes an oratory to a skeptical Ulam audience before sitting down with the drill to make fire. He soon becomes frustrated and Ika takes over, starting the fire and winning over the Ulam people in the process. That evening, as Amoukar regales his audience with tales of their epic quest and the injured Gaw enjoys the ministrations of a clanwoman around the roaring campfire, Naoh and Ikah sit side by side in the moonlight admiring her swelling tummy.
tt0098546
Comedy,Drama
George Newman ('Weird Al' Yankovic) is a daydreamer whose hyperactive imagination keeps him from holding a steady job. The opening sequence is one of George's daydreams as a spoof of the opening scene of Raiders of the Lost Ark (1981) with George as Indiana Jones venturing to a temple to steal an Academy Award statue and being chased, run over and flattened by a giant boulder. Awaking from his daydream, George and his best friend and roommate Bob Speck (David Bowe) are working at Big Edna's Burger World, a local fast food eatery in the small Midwest town where they live. When George makes a disparaging remark about Big Edna and she hears it, both George and Bob are fired and literally thrown out onto the street. George's inability to keep a steady job puts a strain on his long-suffering girlfriend Teri Campbell (Victoria Jackson) who tolerates his antics to a limit. George and Teri go to his uncle and aunt's house for a party where his compulsive gambling uncle Harvey Bilchik (Stanley Brock) wins the deed to a nearly bankrupt UHF television station in a poker game. After prodding by his wife Esther (Sue Ann Langdon), Harvey gives control of Channel 62 to George so he can manage the station. The next morning, George and Bob arrive at the station and meet the Channel 62 staff which is made up of the receptionist and wannabe reporter Pamela Finklestein (Fran Drescher), dwarf photojournalist and cameraman Noodles MacIntosh (Billy Barty), and eccentric engineer Philo (Anthony Geary). George attempts to introduce himself to the rival VHF network Channel 8 station but its owner, the mean and cynical R.J. Fletcher (Kevin McCarthy), chases him out angrily. On his way out of the station, he encounters janitor Stanley Spadowski (Michael Richards), a mentally challenged man who has been unfairly fired by Fletcher for supposedly pitching a valuable research report, which has been on Fletcher's desk chair all the time. George offers him a job at Channel 62 as the head janitor. Seeing that Channel 62 airs mostly old reruns of classic TV series such as "Mr. Ed" and "The Beverly Hillbillies", George sees that the station can use much more talent. Though George creates new series (including the child-friendly but poorly named "Uncle Nutzy's Clubhouse"), the workload and bad debt of the station get to him. Amid the stress, he forgets Teri's birthday, causing her to break up with him over the incident. Despondent, George turns over "Uncle Nutzy's Clubhouse" to Stanley so he and Bob can go out for a drink. Arriving at the bar, they find that all the patrons are excitedly watching Stanley's antics on Channel 62. Realizing they have a success on their hands, George and Bob are revived and inspired. They come up with ideas for more original series in Channel 62's lineup, all spearheaded by the newly retitled "Stanley Spadowski's Clubhouse". Through the film, there are cutaway scenes that are comic homages to popular series of the time, through either George's imagination or series specifically for Channel 62. For example, a dream sequence includes a music video for Weird Al's parody "Money for Nothing/Beverly Hillbillies" in both the audio and visual style of Dire Straits' song "Money for Nothing", and fake commercials for "Plots 'R Us Mortuary Service", "Crazy Eddie's Used Car Emporium" and "Spatula City", as well as fake commercials for Channel 62's new TV series such as "Gandhi II", "Conan the Librarian", "Bowling for Burgers", an exercise show called "Stay Fit", a game show called "Strip Solitaire" hosted by Noodles, "Practical Jokes and Bloopers" and "Celebrity Mud Wrestling". Kuni (Gedde Watanabe), a local and eccentric karate instructor, becomes the host of the odd game show "Wheel of Fish". Philo becomes host of his own talk show "Secrets of the Universe". George sets up a revamped talk show called "Town Talk" with him as a Geralo Rivera-type host seeking controversial talk subjects. Raul Hernandez (Trinidad Silva) is hired for an animal show called "Raul's Wild Kingdom" where he talks to (and abuses) animals that he keeps in his apartment. As Channel 62's popularity grows, Fletcher becomes furious that a UHF station is getting better ratings than his network's programming. He learns that Harvey Bilchik is the owner of the station and has just gambled away $75,000 at the horse races and has only two days to pay off the debt. Fletcher makes Harvey the offer of covering his debt to his unseen bookie, Big Louie, in return for ownership of Channel 62, which he would then only too happily shut down (legally he cannot own two television stations in the same town). George learns of the deal and calls his aunt, who forces her husband to hold off and allow George time to raise the money Harvey owes by selling investment shares in Channel 62 through a 48-hour telethon. The telethon starts off successfully led by Stanley's boundless energy, but Fletcher sends his henchmen to kidnap Stanley. Without Stanley, the telethon grinds to a halt. George then leads a group to infiltrate Channel 8 and rescue Stanley. Philo sets up a hidden camera in Fletcher's office hoping to find something to nail him on. When he sees Stanley trying to escape, he alerts George who attempts to rescue Stanley, while imaging himself as John Rambo in a long fantasy spoof of Rambo: First Blood Part II (1985) with features George (as Rambo) who attempts to rescue Stanley from Fletcher's private army. Kuni and his school of karate students also step in to complete the job and beat up most of Fletcher's henchmen. George and his group return in time to successfully finish the telethon just before Harvey's debt comes due, saving the station and making it a publicly-owned company. Fletcher on the other hand finds out that the penny he mockingly gave to a beggar earlier was a rare 1955 doubled die cent worth a substantial fortune, which the beggar sold and used to purchase $2,000 worth of Channel 62 shares (and a Rolex watch, to boot). Fletcher also discovers that a slanderous conversation of his contempt for his station's viewers was secretly recorded and rebroadcast by Philo and that Channel 8 failed to file paperwork to renew its broadcast license with the FCC. The FCC revokes his license and takes the station off the air. Philo is secretly revealed to be an alien and seeing that his work for Channel 62 is complete, teleports away unnoticed to his homeworld. As the film ends, George and Teri rekindle their relationship, (in a spoof of Rhett Butler's and Scarlett O'Hara's farewell speech from the movie Gone with the Wind (1939)), while the rest of the employees and fans of Channel 62 celebrate.
tt0235198
Drama,Horror,Mystery
Shigeharu Aoyama (Ryo Ishibashi), a middle-aged widower who lost his wife to an illness seven years prior, is urged by his 17-year-old son, Shigehiko (Tetsu Sawaki), to begin dating women again. Shigehiko is somewhat doubtful of his father's love life, but plans to move out when he finishes school and does not want his father to be alone. Aoyama's friend and colleague, Yoshikawa (Jun Kunimura), a film producer, devises a plan to hold a mock-audition, in which young, beautiful women would audition for the "part" of Aoyama's new wife, under the impression that they are auditioning for a new film, but actually so Aoyama can marry one of the finalist contestants. Aoyama is immediately enchanted by Asami Yamazaki (Eihi Shiina), a 24-year-old woman with a soft voice and reserved, yet confident, mannerisms. In her audition, Asami says that she was once a ballerina headed for greatness, but had to give up dancing after an injury. Aoyama, still reeling from the death of his wife, is attracted to her apparent emotional depth. Yoshikawa warns him about Asami, saying that he has a bad feeling about her. None of the references on her rsum were able to be reached and her job history is shaky. The music producer she claimed to work for had gone missing. Unfortunately, Aoyama is so enthralled by her inner and outer beauty that he is blinded by his feelings for her. She lives in an empty apartment, furnished only with a sack and a telephone. Four days following the audition, she sits perfectly still in the middle of the floor next to the telephone, waiting for it to ring. When it finally does, the sack lurches across the room and makes gurgling sounds. She ignores it as she waits a few rings before answering. When Asami answers the phone, she confesses to Aoyama that she never expected him to call. After several dates, she agrees to accompany him to a seaside hotel. Once at the hotel, Asami tells Aoyama about the abuse she suffered as a child and shows him the burn scars on her body. Asami asks Aoyama to love only her. Aoyama promises to do so and they make love. The next morning, Aoyama is awakened by a telephone call; it is the front desk wondering if, since his companion left, he too would be checking out. He realizes Asami is nowhere to be found. Using her rsum, Aoyama searches in vain for her. Aoyama visits the old ballet studio where Asami claimed to have trained for 12 years. He finds that the studio is now inhabited only by a disabled old man in a wheelchair with artificial feet. It is revealed that the man caused the burn scars on Asami's legs. Then he goes to the bar where Asami used to work and someone tells him that it has been closed for a year because the woman who was in charge, the wife of a record producer, was found dismembered. When the police put her body back together, they found 3 extra fingers, an extra ear, and an extra tongue. Asami goes to Aoyama's house during his search. Once there, she finds a photo of his dead wife. Enraged, she slips a sedative in his drink and hides. Aoyama comes home, has a drink and faints. The movie cuts to a sequence about Asami's past and present. In one scene, The contents of the sack are revealed to be a man missing both feet, his tongue, one ear and three fingers on one hand. He crawls out of the sack and begs for food. Asami vomits into a dog dish and places it on the floor for the man. The man sticks his face in the bowl of vomit, and hungrily consumes it. A while later, Asami returns to the drugged and paralyzed Aoyama. As she walks into the room, the audience sees the twisted body of Aoyama's pet dog. She proceeds to inject Aoyama with an agent that paralyzes his body, but keeps his nerves alert. She then tortures him with needles in his abdomen and under his eyes. As she is torturing him, she tells him he is just like everyone else in not being able to love only her. She talks about how he has many whom he loves in his life, mainly his son. She says that she has only him and that this is not acceptable, because then he will never be completely hers. Her torture of him, she explains, is to teach him the meaning of needing someone. She tells him that, "words cause lies, pain can be trusted." She then cuts off his left foot with a wire saw. While Asami begins to cut off his other foot, she is surprised by Aoyama's son returning home. She hides and prepares to attack him. He discovers his father on the floor, turns, and is surprised by Asami. Suddenly Aoyama has a dream that he is waking up and that the past events have been a dream, to just after he and Asami had made love for the first time. She says that she accepts his marriage proposal, despite him never actually proposing, and says that she is the heroine of his life. He awakes from this dream to see his son swing around and Asami fail to disable him. Shigehiko runs up a flight of stairs to escape her and she follows him, he kicks her down the stairs, breaking her neck. Aoyama tells his son to call the police. As Aoyama lies in agony on the floor, he continues to stare at the dying figure of Asami on the floor, her neck is broken in a way that she is facing him. She mutters things that she had told him earlier about waiting for his call, and being excited to see him again. He is overcome with sadness as he remembers his answer to her in his dream sequence about her abuse, that "It's hard to forget about...but someday you'll feel...that life is wonderful."
tt0078111
Drama
This film is partly based on an interview with an actual child prostitute that worked in New Orleans during the early 20th century as found in the book "Storyville, New Orleans: Being an Authentic, Illustrated Account of the Notorious Red-Light District" by Al Rose. The movie opens with eleven-year-old Violet (played by a 12-year-old Brooke Shields) watching the birth of her baby brother. This echoes her own beginnings as the daughter of prostitute Hattie (Susan Sarandon) and an unknown client. Violet is one of several children living at Madam Nell's (Frances Faye) swanky New Orleans brothel in 1917. Early one morning photographer Bellocq (Keith Carradine) comes calling looking for a model. Hattie poses for him while Violet watches. At first Bellocq finds Violets inquisitive nature a bother, but after a while he starts to like her. Violet seems fascinated by Bellocq as he never seems to want to have sex with the girls, but just photograph them. Even given her tender years Violet has been become part of the brothel business. She is playing in one of the upstairs bedrooms when her mother brings a client in telling him that Violet is a virgin and only for "French." Hattie indicates Violet is to follow them back to her room where Hattie climbs on the bed and starts to undress and the client drops his pants and sits down. It is clear that Violet is expected to stimulate him orally. With the resigned sigh of someone who has already done this too many times Violet enters the room, closes the door and the scene ends. When Violet turns 12 arrangements are made to auction off her virginity. Nell gives a dinner party for her best clients during which Violet, dressed only in a sheer, see-though gown is paraded around the table on a platter as the madam announces the auction. A few minutes later, redressed in a white party dress, Violet stands in the parlor while the men of the house bid on her. The winner (Don Lutenbacher), then carries Violet up to a bedroom. A short scream announces the loss of her virginity and we see her client hurriedly depart from the house. When the other girls check on Violet they find her motionless lying across the bed and fear the worst. She breaks out laughing and we realize she is only joking with them, though she winces when she sits up, telling us that her initiation into womanhood has not been completely painless. Violet now becomes a regular part of the brothel lineup, though not always at her convenience. She is interrupted mid-bath by Madam Nell who wants to show her to a rough-looking farmer customer (Hobe May). (This scene involved nudity for Shields and is one of the more controversial in the film). One day Hattie's client/ boyfriend, Alfred Fuller (Don Hood) announces he is moving Hattie and her baby son to St. Louis where he will marry her. His plans don't include Violet as Hattie in her vanity has told him Violet is her younger sister. Hattie promises Violet at the right time she will break the news to him and send for her. Hattie leaves and Bellocq complains to Nell about Violet being left alone. Nell's response is that Violet is now making plenty of money on her own and the only reason Bellocq is concerned is that he has fallen in love with her, something he vehemently denies. Violet misbehaves and Nell orders the bartender (Henry Braden) to take her to woodshed and discipline her. We hear the beating after which a defiant Violet emerges and declares to Nell, "It didnt hurt!" When she turns away though we see the whipping was violent enough to shred her nightgown and we can see her bare bottom. This incident causes Violet to leave the brothel and move in with Bellocq. He is opposed to the idea at first but Violet uses her feminine charms to convince him to let her stay. However, she soon becomes bored of just being his photography model and he is not yet prepared to deal with her childishness. After one long nude photography session (This scene involved frontal nudity for Shields and is also highly controversial) they fight and in revenge Violet scratches some of the Belloca's valuable negatives and he throws her out of the house. Violet returns to the brothel, but it is clear that things are not going well there. The Navy has pressured the city into closing the district. At Nell's house items are being sold off one-by-one and the girls are making arrangements to find other places to live. Violet packs her things too, but before she can get far Bellocq arrives, tells Violet he is going to marry her and she agrees. Though a girl as young as Violet usually needs her parents permission to marry it is allowed because she has been abandoned. Violet, the girls and Bellocq celebrate with a picnic along the river. One morning at Bellocq's house after about two weeks of marriage it is clear that Violet has not quite adapted perfectly to the role of a wife as all she seems to do is have sex and sleep, but it is clear that Bellocq still loves her. Violet and Bellocq's breakfast is interrupted when Hattie and her new husband arrive. They demand that Violet come with them and join them in St. Louis as part of a "proper" family. Violet is torn between Bellocq and her mother, but as her mother has the firmer legal claim, Violet has little choice but to go with her. At the station her new step-father attempts to take a family portrait of his wife and her son and daughter, but it is clear from Violet's expression that Violet wonders if she can ever go back to being just a child after having lived as an adult.
tt0850677
Drama,Horror,Romance
Diane is a young, blond British teenage girl who experiences chronic nosebleeds. She checks herself in a mirror and she is transformed into a monster before falling unconscious. Earlier... Diane walks in the streets of New York trying to borrow cellphone in order to call her twin sister Karen to ask for a ride home. As to no avail, she enters a clothing store and asks to use a phone. There, she meets a dark-haired lesbian of her age, Jack, who is clearly smitten by Diane. Diane's nose starts bleeding again and Jack gives her a hand. Jack then takes Diane to a night club. When they get there, Diane seems nauseous and a lot of blood is shed more from her nose and she goes to the restroom. This scene is parallel to as the beginning of the film. She gains unconsciousness and meets up with Jack and the girls ferociously kiss each other on a couch in the nightclub lounge. The next morning, the girls part ways and Jack is uncritically hit by a car. Back at Diane's apartment, she is reprimanded by her stern aunt Linda and tells her she is grounded. Diane strikes back by telling her she's not her mother. Both of the girl feels misunderstood back in their homes. Jack comes home from the hospital and spats with her neglectful mother. Nevertheless, Diane visits Jack in her home. Jack confides with Diane about her sentimental cassette tape from her late brother. Another day later, Jack visits Diane in her home where the girls get into an argument when Linda intentionally tells Jack about Diane leaving for school in France. After Jack leaves her, Diane suffers from desolation and she starts to unravel. Meanwhile, Jack hangs out with a lesbian, Tara, whom she works with. They have an intimate moment but Jack rebuffs her shortly after. The next day, Diane hangs out with one of Jack's friends, named Chris, and Jack is startled. The girls play a game as to whoever wins would either leave or stay. Jack wins and Diane is forced to go home. Jack gets back to Chris where he finds a video of Diane's sister Karen getting raped in an adult website. Feeling sorry for her sister, Jack finally reconciles with Diane in her home. Over the next few days, the girls finally spend much time romantically with one another. One night, Jack has a dream of Diane transforming into a monster and devouring her heart. She wakes up only to find Diane on her side with blood gushing out of her nose. As days are narrowed down before Diane would leave for school, the bond between the two girls starts to turn debilitated. One day, the girls go to a hotel swimming pool to swim and while in the locker room, and the lights suddenly go off. Afraid of the dark, Jack seeks help from Diane whom she had given a polaroid camera before the lights went off. The couple are separated and Diane searches for Jack by flashing through her camera. She encounters the same monster from earlier, and she is found sobbing by Jack. The two girls console each other, finally letting go of their fears. Jack goes to see Diane on her last day before she departs for school and the girl's relationship is compromised. A few weeks later in Paris, France, Diane receives a gift from Jack and reveals it to be the cassette tape. She turns the song on and listens to it profoundly, reminiscing about her encounter with Jack.
tt0376968
Drama
In contemporary Russia young brothers Ivan and Andrey have grown a deep attachment to each other to make up for their fatherless childhood. Running home after a fight with neighborhood kids the boys are shocked to discover their father has returned after a twelve year absence. With their mother's uneasy blessing Ivan and Andrey set out on what they believe will be a fishing vacation with their taciturn father. Though at first ecstatic to be reunited with the father they've only known from a faded photograph, the boys strain under the weight of their dad's awkward and increasingly brutal efforts to make up for a missing decade of parental supervision. Ivan and Andrey find themselves alternately tested, scolded, scrutinized and ignored by their father through a changing series of encounters and hardships. As truck stops and cafs give way to rain-swept, primevally beautiful wildernesscoastline, Ivan's doubts about his father give way to open defiance. Andrey's powerful need to bond with a father he's never known begins, in turn, to distance him from Ivan. Ivan and his father's test of wills escalates into bitter hostility and sudden violence as the trio arrives at their mysterious island destination. The dubious sanctuary of a rickety light tower, the desperate reassurance of a stolen knife, the cryptic allure of a rusting strong box and the fleeting safety of a hastily patched boat give evidence to the ultimately tragic conclusion of Ivan and Andrey's harrowing father and son journey and the heartbreakingly transitory nature of their reunion.
tt0086973
Comedy,Romance
American businessman Victor (Joseph Bologna) and British-born entrepreneur Matthew (Michael Caine) are best friends who work for a major corporation in So Paulo, Brazil. Both are having problems in their marriages: Victor's wife wants to divorce him, while Matthew has no idea what is wrong and is baffled and irritated by the decision of his wife Karen (Valerie Harper) to take her vacation separately from her husband and daughter. The men decide to holiday in Rio de Janeiro. With them are their teenage offspring: Matthew's 15-year-old daughter Nikki (Demi Moore) and Victor's 16-year-old daughter Jennifer (Michelle Johnson). They rent a beautiful vacation home overlooking the city with a taciturn and disapproving housekeeper who treats all of them badly and avoids talking to any of them. Later, on the beach, Matthew and Victor greet their friends, Peter and Helaine, and are embarrassed to see Nicky and Jennifer sunbathing topless along with most of the other women on the beach. Afterward, the girls attend a Brazilian wedding, while Matthew and Victor go to a bar. Victor becomes occupied with a woman named Isabella, so Matthew returns to the beach to find the girls. Caught up in the wedding celebration, Jennifer and Matthew remove their clothes and join the party in the water. Jennifer kisses Matthew passionately, and then runs to a secluded cove. Matthew pursues her to protest, but the young girl seduces him and they make love. The next morning, while Victor and Nicky have breakfast, Jennifer teases Matthew as he shaves. He insists they act as if the previous night never happened, but she extracts a kiss. When Jennifer joins her father and Nicky, she has shaving cream on her face, but claims it is whipped cream. Nicky, who saw Jennifer kiss Matthew the previous night, leaves the table. Matthew becomes increasingly nervous when Jennifer flirts with him in front of her father. In the evening, Matthew and Victor prepare dinner while discussing discuss their daughters. Victor proudly informs Matthew that he forbade Jennifer from using birth control pills, since they have a pact that she will inform him before she loses her virginity. Nicky and Jennifer return, and Nicky begs off dinner to go out with a boy, Diego. During dinner, Jennifer rubs Matthew's leg under the table. Matthew is alarmed when Victor announces he is seeing Isabella again, leaving him and Jennifer alone. Matthew informs Jennifer that they must end the affair, but she seduces him again. Afterward, she confides that she used to fantasize about being married to him. In the early hours of the morning, Jennifer returns to the room she shares with Nicky, but bumps into Victor, and he wonders why she is up so late. When Jennifer asks Nicky if she hates her, the girl responds that she hates her father instead. Nicky warns Jennifer that her father has difficulty expressing his emotions. The next day, Jennifer consults a holy woman, who advises the girl to make gifts to a goddess and have the object of her affection wear a necklace with a fertility icon. During a beach outing, Jennifer places the necklace around Matthew's neck, hoping to insure his love, then asks him to tell Victor about their relationship. However, Matthew insists that the affair is over, even though he loves her. The following day, Matthew overhears Jennifer confess to Victor the she had an affair with a married man. Matthew hastily packs and plans to return to Sao Paolo, but Victor begs him to stay to learn the identity of Jennifer's lover. Pretending to help his friend, Matthew takes Jennifer to lunch and she offers him a nude photograph of herself. He refuses the gift, but decides to lie to Victor and tell him that Jennifer would not reveal her lover's identity. Matthew encourages Jennifer to go out with a nineteen-year-old boy named Bernardo. When the boy brings Jennifer home, she abruptly ends his kiss. Meanwhile, Nicky returns home from her date and is confronted by Matthew, who wants to know where she has been. She admits to her knowledge of his affair with Jennifer. Later, Matthew seeks guidance from the holy woman. At the house, Victor finds Jennifer's diary and shares it with Matthew, but her writings do not reveal her lover's name, only that he is 43-years-old and has blue eyes. Victor asks Nicky what she knows and she gives him a couple of false leads, including a singer in a club. Later, Victor and Matthew visit the club and Jennifer attempts to make Matthew jealous. Victor attacks the singer until Matthew points out that the man has brown eyes. At dinner, Jennifer attempts to tell Victor her lover's identity. Victor suspects a neighbor named Eduardo Marques, but Matthew confesses to save the man from Victor's vengeance. Victor is stunned, and cannot bring himself to hit his friend. Afterward, Matthew tells Jennifer that their affair is revealed, and now completely over. Nicky observes the two and telephones her mother, Karen, asking her to come immediately because Matthew is in trouble. In the morning, Victor plans to leave. He attacks Matthew, just as Karen arrives. Matthew admits to the affair with Jennifer, and learns that Karen and Victor have been sleeping together. Meanwhile, Jennifer takes an overdose of birth control pills. At the hospital, Victor and Matthew temporarily reconcile, and Karen tells Jennifer how furious she is. Back at the house, Karen and Nicky refuse to speak to Matthew; he is forced to share a room with Victor, and they resume fighting before the mute and unfriendly housekeeper interrupts them. In the morning, Jennifer and Nicky ask if they can stay another week after their parents leave. Karen ends her affair with Victor and asks Matthew join her in Bahia. One year later, Victor finalizes his divorce and remarries his wife. Matthew's final line of summation is: "You only live once, but it does help if you get to be young twice."
tt1447793
Comedy,Romance
Jesse (Alyssa Milano, Charmed) is a sassy, intelligent woman who has yet to find "Mr. Right"until she bumps into Ethan (Christopher Gorham, Ugly Betty, Harpers Island), a writer pushed to the edge of despair after having another novel rejected by publishers. For Jesse, the encounter offers more than a chance to inspire the artist in Ethan again. It also opens a new, romantic chapter in her life... with one huge complication. Moments after meeting the perfect guy for her, Jesse meets Mr. Perfect Troy (Michael Landes, Possession), a confident and successful advertising executive who makes almost every moment elegant and romantic. Soon Jesse is in over her head and grappling with the ultimate romantic paradox: what does a girl do when she meets "Mr. Right" after already meeting the right guy? Ultimately, what Jesse discovers about love reflects what the audience discovers about the story itself: Things are not always what they seem. My Girlfriends Boyfriend is a classic love story turned upside down, a romantic comedy that blends a warm sincerity with fresh, stylized storytelling and some very big surprises.
tt0145653
Drama
Five-year-old Francis "Frankie" McCourt (Joe Breen) is the eldest son of Irish immigrants Malachy (Robert Carlyle) and Angela (Emily Watson). Frankie and his brothers (Malachy Jr., a year younger, and two-year-old twins Oliver and Eugene) were all American-born, and the family resides in a small apartment in Brooklyn. In 1935, Angela gives birth to a daughter, Margaret, who survives only a few days. Angela becomes depressed and sick, and the boys start to rely on neighbors for food. Angela's relatives visit and arrange for the family to move back to Angela's hometown of Limerick, Ireland. They make the trip, although Angela's family does not approve of Malachy and generally shun him. Money is scarce in Limerick and the living conditions are nearly squalid. The McCourts move into their new house, in which they encounter problems such as flea-ridden mattresses. The nearby Shannon River, combined with constant rain and unsanitary conditions, cause disease to be rampant. Little Oliver suddenly becomes ill and dies. The family, still recovering from Margaret's death, is forced to bury another child. Frankie and Malachy Jr. spend extra time with the remaining twin, Eugene, but he soon succumbs as well. Angela, who has lost three children in five months and is pregnant again, cannot bear the memories that linger in their current house. The family moves, though their new home is no improvement. Their house is right next to the lavatory used by the whole block, which provides a constant stink. Frankie and young Malachy (Shane Murray-Cocoran) are sent to school, where they receive strict religious lessons and frequent corporal punishment from their teachers. Frankie begins to prepare for his first communion. Malachy, though a loving husband and father, is an alcoholic and cannot control his vices. He eventually finds a job at a cement factory, and his family's hopes are high. After his first day he goes to the pub, spends all his wages on liquor, comes stumbling home late, misses work the next morning, and is fired. Though his sons love him, they are dismayed and angered by his behavior. Angela has another son, Michael. Frankie endures a comically fussy first communion, due to his grandmother's religious superstitions. He and Malachy Jr. begin to make friends with other boys in the lane, who teach them about "girls bodies, and dirty things in general." When Frankie is ten (now played by Ciaran Owens), his mother enrolls him in Irish dancing class, which he despises. Eventually, he and his friend Paddy simply go to the movies instead, and Frankie makes up dance routines when he gets home, making his parents think he went to class. The boys often skip school, running around the countryside and wreaking havoc on nearby farms. Angela has her final child, another son called Alphonsus, or "Alphie." Frankie develops typhoid, and is given a blood transfusion and hospitalized for two months. While in the hospital, he develops a love for reading Shakespeare. When he is well enough to return to school, Frankie is held back a year because of the time he missed. He is miserable and ashamed to be in the same class as his younger brother, and he prays for a miracle to move him up a grade. He is given a special assignment to write an essay about how Jesus Christ might have grown up if he had been born in Limerick. Frankie writes a paper explaining that the cold, wet climate would have given Jesus consumption and he would have died much younger, leading to no crucifixion and no Catholic church, and no one having to write papers about him in school. The teachers, impressed with his creativity and writing skills, return him to the sixth form. Malachy, along with many other Limerick men, goes to England to find work. However, he sends money to his family only once. Desperate, Angela joins crowds of women in begging outside the church for the priests' leftovers. Frankie gets a job helping an elderly man deliver coal, but the coal dust gives Frankie severe conjunctivitis and his mother forces him to quit. Several years later, Malachy has not returned from England. Angela and her sons break down a wall in their apartment for firewood, and are evicted for the damage. They move in with a distant cousin, Laman Griffin, who is cruel and disgusting, and soon forces a sexual relationship on Angela. Frankie (Michael Legge), now fifteen, refuses to live under Griffin's roof, and moves in with Angela's brother Pat. Frankie gets a job as a telegram boy for the post office, and his irritable Aunt Aggie surprises him by buying him a suit of new clothes for his first day. At one of his telegram stops, Frankie meets a teenage girl named Theresa who suffers from consumption. Despite her condition, they begin to make love whenever Frankie stops by with a telegram. When Theresa finally succumbs, Frankie fears his actions have sent her to hell. Though racked with guilt over Theresa, Frankie goes with his uncle to the pub for his fist pint on his sixteenth birthday. Frankie comes home drunk (just as his father had done for so many years), and gets into a heated argument with the visiting Angela. In a drunken rage, he slaps her. The next day, Frankie goes to church to pray for forgiveness, admitting to the priest that he had hit his mother and had sent Theresa to hell because of his sins. The priest comforts him by saying that the nuns at the hospital would not have let Theresa die without her last rites, and so she was surely sent to heaven. Frankie knows he must keep his wits about him if he does not want to end up like his father. Frankie is hired by the town moneylender to write threatening letters to customers with overdue payments. He hates the stingy old woman, but is determined to earn enough money to travel to America. Soon afterward the moneylender dies (of natural causes, while Frankie is out doing her shopping), and he takes cash and her logbook from her house. The logbook, which contains the names of everyone in the vicinity who owed money, lists everyone that Frankie knows. He throws the book into the Shannon, erasing their debts. With the new found money, he now has enough to book a spot on a ship bound for America. The night before Frankie's departure, he visits with his family to say goodbye. His aunt and uncle usher everyone outside to see the rare lunar eclipse. There is silence as the alley is flooded in darkness for a moment, and Frankie sees images of his childhood self. They disappear as the moonlight returns. Frankie finally leaves his childhood behind and arrives in New York, achieving his dream.
tt0087799
Comedy,Horror,Sci-Fi
A comet, which has not passed by Earth for 65 million years, is again about to swing by the planet. Most people are partying, but a few are concerned that the Earth will be passing through the comet's tail. These include a team of scientists that enter a bunker in the desert just outside of the Los Angeles the night that the comet is to appear. That same night 18 year-old Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) is working as a theater usher. Instead of going home after the last performance she calls her stepmom, Doris (Sharon Farrell) and tells her she will be out all night at the observatory with her science class. She really intends to spend the night with her semi-boyfriend, Larry (Michael Bowen), having sex in the steel-lined projection room. Larry, the projectionist, is waiting for someone to return a film he loaned them so they could make a pirated copy. Back at home Regina's 16 year-old cheerleader sister, Samantha (Kelli Maroney) gets in an argument with Doris accusing her of sleeping with a neighbor while her Sam's father is away with the military in Honduras. Doris decks Samantha and she runs away from the house. The next morning Larry and Regina awake to find that the film has not been returned. Larry intends to go and get it while Regina stays at the theater to let him back in. While she waits she plays an arcade game and manages to beat the score of some unknown person with initials "DMK", who had topped her previous high score. When Larry leaves the back of the theater he is attacked and killed by a zombie who drags him off to eat him. Regina goes looking for Larry and is surprised to see his motorcycle still sitting there. She is then attacked by the zombie, but her father has given her self-defense training and she is able to get away, jump on the motorcycle and take off. On the way home she sees that there is no traffic on the roads and no people on the sidewalks. Only clothes and red dust. The sky is also a strange shade of red. She begins to realize that something bad has happened. On the street at her home she again sees that there is nothing around but empty clothes and red dust. She is surprised to find her sister is alive, however, still dressed in her cheerleader outfit from yesterday. Samantha, who doesn't realize that anything is wrong yet, tells Regina that she ran away last night, but remembered she didn't have any place to go, so she spent the night in the steel garden shed. Samantha has a hard time accepting that all the other people on Earth have been turned to dust by the comet. Regina speculates that the steel of the projection booth and the shed somehow protected them. The girls turn on the radio and find that the local station is still operating, so they jump in a car and head into the city to see if anyone is there. They find that the station is completely automated. They also find they have company, however. Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran) is a trucker who spent the night in the back of his steel trailer with a girl he picked up. When the two arrived at the city and saw it was deserted , the girl panicked, ran off and was eaten by some of the zombies. Hector has also came to the radio station to see if anyone survived. Samantha gets on the air and asks anyone who is still alive to phone the station. She soon gets a call from the scientists at the bunker. They advise her that the comet has caused most of the population to turn to dust. People who only got partial exposure will turn to zombies before they succumb to the same fate. They tell her to stay where she is and they will come and rescue them tomorrow. Hector stays the night but tells Regina that he needs to go to his parent's house in San Diego to see if they survived. He promises he will return. At the bunker Carter (Geoffrey Lewis), the lead scientist, argues with Audrey (Mary Woronov) the head doctor. She complains that they should not be bringing outsiders into the bunker. Carter replies that under the circumstances they do not have a choice. As they watch a helicopter arrives carrying two survivors, an elementary age boy and girl wearing PJs. Samantha and Regina raid local military armory to get some automatic weapons to defend themselves (Luckily their father also taught them how to shoot). Samantha is depressed as it seems that Regina has already locked up the affections of only available man on the planet, Hector. Samantha has also developed a rash, something that occurs every time she feels stressed. To cheer her up Regina suggests they go shopping. At his parent's home, Hector confirms that his family is dead. He gathers a few keepsakes, but has to leave the house in a hurry when he is chased by a zombfied neighborhood boy. The girls hit a large department store and have some fun dressing up in fancy outfits they would never have been able to afford a few days before. Unfortunately they are being watched from the security cameras by a group of former stock boys who now feel they own the store. As the head stock boy taunts them from the PA, the others try to grab the girls. This leads to a gunfight. The boys finally capture Samantha, forcing Regina to surrender. The scientists arrive at the radio station, but find it empty. On a hunch they decide to check the department store. In the basement the boys have chained the girls back-to-back. The head stock boy removes his sunglasses and we see that the boys have been partially exposed and are turning to zombies. They play a game of Russian Roulette putting a gun to Samantha's forehead and pulling the trigger. If it fires the bullet will travel first through Sam's head and out, then through the back of Regina's skull, killing them both. Before the fatal bullet is fired, however, the boys are surprised by the arriving scientists who machine gun them down and rescue the girls. The scientists, seeing Samantha itching, assume she has been partly exposed. They do not tell her that, but have her wait with Audrey and another scientist, Oscar (John Achorn) for Hector's return while Regina is immediately flown back to the bunker. Audrey injects Samantha with something that causes her to go unconscious. Oscar believes that Audrey has put the girl down to spare her from becoming a zombie. The two argue and Audrey tells Oscar that she no longer wants to be a party to taking survivors back to the bunker. He draws his gun, but Audrey is faster with hers and kills him. Back at the bunker, Carter tries to question Regina, but she is being uncooperative. In another room we see two nurses with two adult males lying unconscious on tables. They discuss how the survivors are being brought to the bunker so they can be used as a source of uncontaminated blood. To make them produce as much blood as possible they are operated on and made brain dead so they simply become blood making machines. The nurses note that they can get 300cc per day out of the men, but expect that the children will produce much less. They note that Regina, being a young and healthy teenager, should produce a large about of blood. Hector arrives back at the radio station to find Audrey, who is now very close to going zombie. While she injects herself with a lethal dose of drugs, she explains that the scientists accidently left the vents open on the bunker and received a partial exposure. They are tracking down survivors hoping that if they can get enough uncontaminated blood they can create a serum to reverse the effect. At the bunker Regina demands to know where her sister is. Carter, who is starting to turn, tells her that Samantha has been euthanized before she could become a zombie. Regina is taken by guards to the medical area to prepare her for becoming a blood donor. Samantha is fine as Audrey only gave her a sedative. She and Hector arrive at the bunker and Hector knocks out the guard and rigs the trucks parked outside, while Samantha sneaks inside. She finds Regina and they are able to rescue the kids from the nurses just before they were about to start operating. Regina, Samantha and the kids escape and run to the car where Hector is waiting. The scientists attempt to pursue them in the trucks, but Hector has sabotaged them and they blow up. Back in L.A. the rain has washed away the last of the dust and the sky has cleared. Hector, Regina and the two kids have become a family unit. Regina is taking pictures of the them dressed in new clothes. Samantha, dressed like she ready to go to the beach, waits for them, apparently feeling left out. Mocking her sister for not letting the children cross against the stoplight in the deserted city, Samantha is nearly run over herself by a racing sports car. It is driven by a handsome teenager who apologies and tells her his name is Danny Mason Keener (Marc Poppel). He invites her for a ride and Samantha is delighted to find a boy her age. As they drive off we see his license plate reads "DMK." The credits roll.
tt0119360
Comedy,Romance
Howard Brackett (Kevin Kline) is a well-liked English literature teacher, living a quiet life in Greenleaf, Indiana, with his fiance and fellow teacher Emily Montgomery (Joan Cusack). The town is filled with anticipation over the nomination of Cameron Drake (Matt Dillon), Brackett's former student, in the Best Actor category at the Academy Awards for his portrayal of a gay soldier in the war film 'To Serve and Protect'. Cameron does indeed win the Best Actor award, and in his acceptance speech, thanks Howard for his inspiration by adding: "and he's gay!" Howard's parents (Debbie Reynolds and Wilford Brimley), his cousins (Gregory Jbara, Kate McGregor-Stewart, Alice Drummond, Selma Blair), and friends (Debra Monk, Ernie Sabella, Joseph Maher, William Duell), fellow students (Shawn Hatosy, Zak Orth, Lauren Ambrose, Alexandra Holden), plus co-workers (Lewis J. Stadlen, Deborah Rush, Kevin Chamberlin), and fiance are naturally shocked, but that is nothing compared to Howard's own reaction of disbelief and indignation, and he angrily tries to reassure those who know him that he is a heterosexual. The very next day reporters from all over the country invade his hometown, harassing him for interviews following the awards night telecast, and Howard is placed under the scrutiny of his boss, Principal Halliwell (Bob Newhart), who is uncomfortable with the attention being brought to the school. Although the other reporters leave over the next few days after getting their story when Howard tells them that he is not gay and the whole thing with Cameron's speach is a simple misunderstanding, one reporter stays behind. He is the openly gay Peter Malloy (Tom Selleck), who wants to wait the week out so he can cover Howard's wedding to Emily. Howard continues to be harassed and dismayed by the changed attitudes of everyone around him, and decides that he must sleep with Emily in order to prove his heterosexuality. Howard tries, but cannot go through with it all the way due to his conflicting emotions and Emily's concern for his well-being. Howard crosses paths with Peter, who tries to provide a helpful ear and narrates his own experience in coming out to his family. Peter thinks that Howard is in denial of his sexual orientation and wants him to be honest with not only himself, but everyone. Howard still insists that he is not gay, prompting Peter to kiss him. Although shocked, Howard reacts somewhat positively to the kiss, vindicating Peter's instinct all along on the matter. Peter tells Howard that if he still wants to get married (to a woman) Peter will not stop him, but he also tells Howard that he is hiding the true fact of who he is. Howard's final measure to restore his heterosexuality is the use of a self-help audio cassette, although that fails as well. During the wedding ceremony, Emily recites her vow without hesitation, but when Howard is prompted by the minister, he instead says, "I'm gay." The wedding is off, and although Peter is proud of Howard, Howard is angry with himself for hurting Emily. Things take a turn for the worse when he is fired from the school because of his outing. Despite being fired, Howard attends the graduation ceremony to support his students. When one student (Shawn Hatosy) who got into college with Howard's hard work, learns that he was dismissed for being gay, he and his classmates proclaim themselves, one by one, to be gay as well, to show their support of Howard and to thumb their noses at the school board. Howard's family follows suit, as do his friends, and all the townsfolk assembled. Having learned of the ensuing media blitz while in Los Angeles, Cameron Drake flies to his hometown, with his supermodel girlfriend (Shalom Harlow), to support his former teacher and although Howard doesn't win 'Teacher Of The Year', Cameron presents him with his Oscar as a gift. The film ends with Howard's wedding-crazy mother finally getting a wedding - her own, when she and her husband decide to renew their vows. Howard, Peter and the rest of the townsfolk attend the reception, and among the crowd are Emily and Cameron Drake, who appear to have begun a relationship. The film ends with everyone dancing to the Village People's song "Macho Man".
tt0100240
Adventure,Drama,Family
In this sequel to the NeverEnding Story, Bastian Bux, now a teenager, is having troubles at home: his father Barney's busy workload is keeping him from consoling Bastian's fear of heights, which in turn is hurting his chances of joining the school swim team. As such, he then heads to an old bookstore where he again meets Mr. Coreander, who proceeds to help find a book on courage. While waiting, Bastian re-discovers the Neverending Story's book, and is shocked to see its words disappear off its pages. Deciding to take the book instead, Bastian returns home and finds himself able to claim Auryn right off the book's front cover while hearing the Childlike Empress summon him to Fantasia. Aware of Bastian's arrival and purpose, an evil sorceress named Xayide orders a creation from one of her servants to stop him. The servant creates a memory machine that will strip Bastian of a memory each time he uses Auryn until he is unable to remember where he came from, or why he is in Fantasia. Xayide then sends a bird-like creature named Nimbly to persuade Bastian into making him wish. As the two arrive in a populated area of Fantasia called Silver City, the sorceress sends large monsters referred to as giants to attack. Despite Nimbly's attempts to make him wish them away, Bastian is able to escape from them without doing so. After falling into a secret passage, Bastian is contacted by the Childlike Empress, who tells him of a new threatening force to Fantasia, which is keeping her prisoner in her own castle as well as causing the stories of the ordinary world to disappear, and that he must identify and defeat it. While trying to gather Silver City's inhabitants to help him out, Bastian is reunited with Atreyu, who has heard about what has happened and reveals that the giants come from Horok Castle, "The Seeing Hand". As the two try to figure out how to get there, Nimbly manages to persuade Bastian into making a wish, which he uses to create a vicious, fire breathing dragon. However, it goes out of control and flies off with Atreyu trying to pursue it with his horse, Artax. With the help from Falkor, Bastian is able to chase the dragon to Xayide's castle, where it is destroyed by its defenses. After a brief reunion with Rock Biter, Bastian, and Atreyu, who has caught up, make their way into the castle's entrance with the latter's "army": several wind up toys. Although Bastian gets through, Atreyu is captured. Once getting further into the castle by wishing for climbing steps, Bastian manages to free Atreyu from a giant and the two battle it with the use of a spray can, an item the former had wished for. After the giant falls over and cracks into pieces revealing a hollow shell, Bastian identifies the threat as "The Emptiness", the form of humanity's dying imagination. The two make their way to Xayide in her throne room who admits defeat, stating she had wanted to bring order to dreams and stories, which she consider as forms of chaos. The sorceress is then forced to bring them to the Childlike Empress's castle to free her after Atreyu subtly threatens to kill her. Having noticed his son's disappearance and the Neverending Story's book, Barney takes the latter to Mr. Coreander's bookstore to ask him of Bastian's whereabouts. The owner simply tells him that he will find the answers inside the book, much to Barney's confusion. Returning later with a police officer, he is shocked to see the bookstore abandoned as a result of the Emptiness. Eventually, Barney reads the book and is surprised to see his son's exploits in Fantasia being written by the book itself and that he is mentioned within. During the travel to the Childlike Empress's castle, Xayide tries to trick Bastian into believing that his friends will turn against him and manages to get him to wish for a series of ridiculous wishes. It also becomes obvious to Atreyu that they are being led aimlessly. Becoming worried, Atreyu and Falkor believe that the only way to help Bastian is to remove AURYN from him as they have learned of the memory machine and its effects on him. Bastian overhears them, and through a confrontation with Atreyu believes that he has turned against him. The two then fight, with Atreyu being knocked over a cliff and falling to his death. Returning to Xayide, Bastian discovers the memory machine for himself and learns that he only has two memories-consisting of his mother and father-left. In an attempt to use Artax to follow Falkor, who has taken the fallen Atreyu away, he is nearly killed by an attack from Xayide. Now on foot, Bastian is encountered by Nimbly once more, who has had a change of heart after seeing one of his memories, and guides him to his friends' location before flying off. Arriving back in Silver City, now in a heavily ruined state, Bastian finds Falkor with Atreyu's lifeless body, and uses his penultimate memory of his mother to wish the latter back to life. Shortly afterwards, Xayide arrives with her giants and tries to force Bastian to use his last wish to return home. Bastian agrees to do so, but wishes for the sorceress "to have a heart" instead. This fills Xayide with emotion, negating the Emptiness within her and which she controls. Overcome with compassion, Xayide explodes in a blast of light, destroying her giants and restoring Fantasia. Having been freed, the Childlike Empress thanks Bastian for his help and shows him the way home: a cliff overlooking a waterfall to help Bastian overcome his fear of heights. Encouraged by Barney and Atreyu, Bastian jumps off and returns home safely. As he reunites with his father, AURYN reappears on the front cover of the NeverEnding Story's book.
tt0080025
Adventure,Drama,Sci-Fi
In 1893 London, England, popular writer Herbert George "H.G." Wells (Malcolm McDowell) displays a time machine to his skeptical dinner guests. After explaining how it works (including a "non-return key" that keeps the machine at the traveler's destination and a "vaporizing equalizer" that keeps the traveler and machine on equal terms), police constables arrive at the house searching for the serial killer Jack the Ripper. One finds a bag, with blood-stained gloves, belonging to one of Herbert's friends, a surgeon named John Leslie Stevenson (David Warner), whom they are unable to locate in the house, concluding that Stevenson might be the infamous killer. Wells races to his laboratory, but the time machine is gone. Stevenson has escaped to the future, but because he does not have the "non-return" key, it automatically returns to 1893. Herbert uses it to pursue Stevenson to November 5, 1979, where the machine has ended up on display at a museum in San Francisco realizing that due to the machine traveling backwards by the geographic longitide and latitude, the machine had ended up in the unfamiliar USA. As Herbert walks around the city, he is deeply shocked by the future, having expected it to be an enlightened socialist utopia, only to find chaos in the form of airplanes, automobiles and a worldwide history of war, crime and bloodshed. Searching numerous banks for Stevenson - he believes an Englishman might need to exchange old currency - Herbert meets liberated Chartered Bank of London employee Amy Robbins (Mary Steenburgen). She directs Herbert to the Hyatt Regency hotel, as she previously had Stevenson. Confronted in his room by his onetime friend Herbert, Stevenson confesses that he finds modern society to be pleasingly violent. Apologetically, he states: "Ninety years ago, I was a freak. Now... I'm an amateur." Herbert demands he return with him to 1893 to face justice, but Stevenson, who without the "return key" would be unable to prevent the machine from automatically returning (and thereby blocking Herbert from any further pursuit), attempts to wrest it from him. Their struggle is interrupted by a hotel employees and Stevenson flees, getting hit by a car during the frantic chase on foot. Herbert follows him to the San Francisco General Hospital emergency room and mistakenly gets the impression that Stevenson had died from his injuries. Herbert meets up with Amy Robbins again and she is the aggressor in a romance (succeeding, once Herbert is sure that she is in earnest). Stevenson returns to the bank to exchange more money. Rightly concluding that it was Amy who had led Herbert to him, he finds out where she lives. Herbert, hoping to convince her of the truth, takes a highly skeptical Amy three days into the future. Once there, she is aghast to see a newspaper headline revealing her own murder as the Ripper's fifth victim (a temporal paradox). Herbert persuades her that they must go back - it is their duty to attempt to prevent the fourth victim's murder, then prevent Amy's. However, they are delayed upon their return to the present and can do no more than phone the police. Stevenson kills again, and Herbert is arrested because of his knowledge of the killing. Amy is left alone, totally defenseless, and at the mercy of the "San Francisco Ripper." At the police station, Herbert unsuccessfully tries to convince the police of Amy's peril (his claim to be "Sherlock Holmes" has marked him as a lunatic well before mentioning a "time machine"). At the same time, Amy attempts to hide from Stevenson. When the police finally do investigate her apartment, they find the dismembered body of a woman. Since he was in custody at the time Herbert is released having been cleared as a suspect. As Herbert wonders the dark streets mourning Amy's brutal death, he is suddenly confronted by Stevenson, who has actually killed Amy's co-worker Carol, who had accepted an invitation for dinner and to meet Wells. Stevenson then kidnapped Amy in order to extort the time machine key from Wells. Stevenson flees with the key - and Amy as insurance - to attempt a permanent escape in the time machine. Herbert gives chase in a car (despite not driving very well while Stevenson forces Amy to drive her car at gunpoint). Breaking into the museum, Herbert bargains for Amy's life, she is able to escape. As Stevenson starts up the time machine with the key, Herbert removes the "vaporizing equalizer" from the machine and Stevenson nods in understanding. The removal of this component, Herbert had confirmed earlier, causes the machine to remain in place while its passenger is sent traveling endlessly through time, with no way to stop; in effect sending him to oblivion. Herbert proclaims that the time has come to return to his own time, by himself, in order to destroy a machine that is too dangerous for primitive mankind. Amy pleads with him to take her along (despite her aversion to living in Victorian England). As they depart back to the past, she says that she is changing her name to Susan B. Anthony. The end credits reveal that the two later married.
tt0105629
Adventure,Comedy,Drama
Amid a sea of gently-waving tall grass, lies the factory of Zevo Toys, founded by Kenneth Zevo as a place where 'joy and innocence prevail.' Kenneth works in his whimsical factory, along with his children Leslie, and Alsatia. In recent months, Kennth has grown deathly ill, and sends for his Militaristic brother, General Leland Zevo. Upon meeting his brother, Kenneth explains that he wants Leland to take control of Zevo Toys once he dies. This strikes Leland as a very strange request, since he is not at all like his brother, and is more concerned with the 'rank and file' of his former glory days. Eventually, Kenneth dies, and Leland is still not sure what to do. He goes to consult with their father, a bed-ridden, retired 4-star general. But even this doesn't lead to any answers. Leland finally decides to fulfill his brother's request, but even with Leslie and Alsatia welcoming him to the factory and trying to get him acclimated, Leland seems largely like a 'fish out of water,' not seeing the humor or fun in the factory's workings. During a board meeting, word of industrial espionage rouses his attention. Consulting with Kenneth's former advisor, Owen Owens, Leland decides to implement some changes. At a formal dinner at Leslie and Alsatia's home, they are introduced to Leland's son, Patrick, a master of camouflage. Leland takes the opportunity to explain to everyone about his upcoming plans. Patrick is being implemented to step-up security measures to prevent future information leaks, and Leland also plans to start a new line of 'war toys,' a concept that has never been introduced in the factory. Some months pass, and a major security detail is now in place, with the once happy workers now rather dour. Leland has grown upset that the design teams are not fulfilling his vision for a war toys line, and berates them, much to Leslie's displeasure. While passing by the copy room, Leslie meets Gwen Tyler (Robin Wright), who he soon strikes up a conversation with, and finds her to have a rather intriguing personality. Leslie also finds out that Gwen was hired by his father right before he died. Later that evening, Leland and Patrick go into town, where they peruse a video arcade, watching children play intently at the flickering game consoles. Going to a local toy store, Leland is amazed at what other companies have produced in regards to war toys. As they drive back to the country, Leland and Patrick stop at a small pond, and contemplate. Leland soon hits on an epiphany: what if military aircraft and hardware could be made smaller? After all, the reason they are so large is because they need a human being inside to man them. What if the human person operated the craft by remote control? Plus, this could allow Military spending to become less cumbersome! The next day, Leslie meets with Leland, to discuss his feelings about the 'war toys' line. Leslie contends that Zevo Toys has always been moreso about children, and war toys would bring a change to his father's philosophy. Leland 'plays along' with this, and claims he agrees, but asks Leslie if he could have some space to work on some of his own ideas for potential toys. Leslie agrees to this, but then notices some rather startling changes going on around the factory. Leland keeps asking for more space, which begins to 'shrink' other departments in the factory. Alsatia's department is also shut down, and a number of workers are fired. Owen Owens tells Leslie about children being brought into the factory, but has no idea where they are going to. Leslie confronts Leland about what he's doing, but the General is tight-lipped and refuses to say more. Leslie ends up obtaining a security key to the General's secret project, and after staging an elaborate plan to distract the guards, gains access to the secret room. Inside, he finds numerous children at videogame consoles, playing simulations of fighter craft in war-like scenarios. Leslie's presence is soon found out, and he attempts to escape, but falls into a pit, in which a strange creature named the 'sea-swine' inhabits. Patrick and the General find Leslie in the tank, and the two are at odds with the other: Patrick wants to save Leslie, but the General refuses. Leslie manages to secretly make his way out of the sea-swine enclosure, and reports to his family and friends what he's seen. Leslie then has a confrontation with the General about what he's seen, but the General refuses to tell more, other than requesting two weeks to finish his project, at which time he promises to show them what he's doing. After the meeting, Patrick informs the General that some men from Washington D.C. are coming to meet with him. The General is ecstatic, and a top-secret location is set-up a ways outside the factory, with tight security. The General states his vision for the future, but the men at the meeting are still unsure about his plan. Their negative attitude towards his ideas infuriates the General, causing him to strangle one of the men. The General appears to have gone power-mad, as later on that evening, while sitting in his office, he attempts to take care of an errant fly by shooting it with a pistol...and succeeds in shooting himself in the foot. By now, Patrick has grown upset with his father's 'conduct,' and goes to Leslie's place, where he explains to Leslie, Alsatia, Gwen, and Owen about what the General has been up to, and that they have to stop him. Sneaking into the factory, Patrick and the others split up, trying to find the main control center where the General is. The General uses this to his advantage, letting loose some cute-yet-deadly toys, before setting his military-style 'Tommy Tanks' and 'Hurly-Burly Helicopters' on them. Leslie, Alsatia, Gwen and Owen end up finding their way into a storage warehouse, where the General had the older Zevo Toys stored. Devising a plan, Leslie has the old toys wound up, and put to battle against the General's creations. As the battle rages on, Leslie runs off to find Patrick. He winds up in a room outside the General's offices that resembles a miniature of New York City, where Patrick explains that he's been wounded, and that Leslie has to get to the General's room and shut off the controls. Getting into a small plane over the New York model, Leslie tries to pilot it into the General's office, where he confronts the General, and manages to shut off the controls. As the machines shut down, Alsatia, Gwen and Owen join Leslie. However, the sea-swine has also been activated, and tries to kill Leslie, but misses, and hits Alsatia, causing her head to fly off. It is then revealed that she is a robot, that was created as a playmate for Leslie by his father. In the confusion, the General attempts to escape, but is attacked by the sea-swine. Time passes, and Leslie has now assumed control of Zevo Toys, returning it to it's more innocent state. The General has now become bed-ridden, and now shares quarters with his father as well. The film ends with Leslie, Alsatia, Gwen, and Patrick visiting Kenneth's Zevo's grave. Patrick then says his goodbyes, and wanders off into the sea of waving tall-grass.
tt0077663
Comedy,Fantasy,Romance
Following a knee injury, Joe Pendleton, a Los Angeles Rams second-string quarterback, practices with the team as the managers and coach comment repeatedly on his good form. Away from the football field, he focuses on fitness and relaxes by playing the saxophone. On Joes birthday, Max Corkle, a Rams trainer and Joes good friend, drops by his home with a cake and informs him that the coach wants Joe to start the game against the Dallas Cowboys instead of Tom Jarrett. Joe steps up his training, but while bicycling through a tunnel he is hit by a van. With saxophone in hand, Joe arrives at a way station to Heaven accompanied by The Escort, a celestial assistant who instructs Joe to board an aircraft for his final destination. Joe refuses, believing it is only a dream. Delicately, the archangel man in charge, Mr. Jordan, explains that this place represents the afterlife, but Joe is convinced that his death is a mistake. After verifying Joes status, a clerk announces that Joe isnt due to arrive until the year 2025, and The Escort, a rookie, admits that he pulled him away before the outcome of the collision. Since Joes body has already been cremated, Mr. Jordan says that in order for him to return to life, Joe must occupy the body of another man, as long as that mans death has not yet been discovered. Mr. Jordan and Joe proceed to scout for possible candidates. At the estate of Leo Farnsworth, a millionaire industrialist, they observe the scheming of his wife Julia Farnsworth and Tony Abbott, Farnsworths assistant. Julia and Abbott are having an affair, and they have left Farnsworth to drown in the bathtub after drugging him. Meanwhile, Betty Logan, a schoolteacher, arrives at the mansion to insist on meeting with Farnsworth about his refinery that will force the eviction of families in her hometown of Pagglesham, England. Joe is immediately smitten with Betty and wants to help her. Until they find a more athletic candidate, Mr. Jordan agrees to let Joe inhabit the body of Farnsworth temporarily. In the upstairs bathroom, Joe assumes his new identity, but only sees himself in the mirror. Mr. Jordan assures him that even though Joe can only see himself as the internal person of Joe Pendleton, others will see and hear him as Leo Farnsworth. Dressed in polo attire, Joe listens while Betty objects to the plans of Farnsworths Exo-Grey Industries. Upon seeing her husband alive, Julia screams hysterically, and Abbott quickly drags her away. Betty is confused by Joes lack of concern for his wifes outburst, and is also annoyed when Joe claims that he is not really Leo Farnsworth. Believing that he is taunting her, Betty angrily walks away, but warns him that she will be at the next company board meeting. While Joe studies Farnsworths business, Julia and Abbott wait nervously, unsure if he is plotting revenge for the murder. On the way to the board meeting, Joe invites reporters and Betty to join him. Everyone in the room is dumbfounded when Joe passionately compares Exo-Greys winning position to that of a football team that must protect its lead and do the right thing by not exploiting others. That evening, after Betty visits Farnsworth to compliment him on his courage in front of the board, Joe takes her out to dinner at a drivein restaurant. Inside the limousine, Joe confides that he cannot stop staring at her, and Betty admits that she sees something special in his eyes. As they are saying goodbye, Joe declares his plan to divorce Julia. With a new motivation, Joe tells The Escort that he wants to remain in Farnsworths body and get it into shape for football. That evening, despite rigging a heavy fixture above his bed, Julia and Abbott once again fail to murder Farnsworth. The following day, Max arrives at the estate and listens with skepticism while Joe explains that he wants to try out for the Rams quarterback and pay Max to be his trainer. Max is reluctant to jeopardize his reputation with the Rams by entertaining the whims of a millionaire. After initially seeming like at lunatic, Joe is finally able to persuade Max that he is really Joe Pendleton by playing the saxophone badly, as only Joe could. The estate immediately becomes a football training camp. After working out with the butlers of the mansion, Joe takes the next step by purchasing the Los Angeles Rams. During a locker room meeting, the players grumble when told that the new owner Farnsworth will be the quarterback in a scrimmage game and instructed to not hold back with him. At first, Joe receives no help from his offensive line and is repeatedly sacked. But, after requesting one chance to complete a play, he makes a successful pass and continues to display his skills for the rest of the practice, earning the respect of the players and defying the doubters on the sideline. Sometime later at the estate, Joe and Betty attend a gathering of The Ecology Club on the garden lawn. Watching from her bedroom window with Abbott, Julia still thinks that Farnsworth is plotting against them, and contemplates another murder. After strolling together on the property, Joe asks Betty to marry him. Just as Betty responds with excitement, The Escort interrupts Joe with the news that he must abandon Farnsworths body. Unsure what will happen to him, Joe asks Betty to remember what she saw in his eyes. Before she leaves, he embraces her and says, Theres nothing to be afraid of. Mr. Jordan visits to reiterate that he cannot change what is meant to be and that Joe must leave Farnsworths body, but Joe refuses, intent on playing in the Super Bowl and being with Betty. At that moment, Abbott shoots Joe from the bedroom window, and Joe tumbles into a well. No longer in Farnsworths body, Joe emerges from the well with his saxophone and has no choice but to follow Mr. Jordan back to Heaven. Farnsworths disappearance becomes front-page news, and Krim, the police detective in charge, gathers together the staff along with Max, Betty, Julia, and Abbott for questioning at the estate. Meanwhile, the Super Bowl between the Rams and the Pittsburgh Steelers is underway at the Los Angeles Coliseum, and Max is anxious to be there, so Krim lets him watch the game on television during the proceedings. Concerned for Betty, Joe is present in the room alongside Mr. Jordan. When the Rams quarterback, Tom Jarrett, is seriously hurt and taken off the field on a stretcher, Mr. Jordan transports Joe to the game. Mr. Jordan explains that it is Toms destiny to die at this time. Joe moves toward Toms body and occupies it, springing off the stretcher and onto the field. Watching this sudden recovery on television, Max realizes that it must be Joe. At the same time, the gardener runs into the room with Farnsworths jacket that he found in the well, which prompts Julia to scream that Abbott is the murderer, and he in turn points the finger at her. In overtime, Joe leads the Rams to a Super Bowl victory. During the celebration in the locker room, Mr. Jordan appears before Joe declares that Joe now has a permanent body in Tom Jarrett and he will no longer remember Joe Pendleton, or any of the events that happened, but he will now live out the rest of his life as Tom Jarrett with all of Tom's memories, while Joe's memories of his past life and all about Mr. Jordan and Heaven will be forgotten forever. Later that evening, Joe doesnt recognize the saxophone, and thinks Max has drunk too much champagne when he calls him Joe. Max finally realizes that Joe as he knows him no longer exists. As Joe/Tom exits through a stadium hallway, Betty enters looking for Max. After giving her directions, Joe/Tom wonders if they have met before. Betty says she doesnt know him, but she has a connection to football through her close friend, Leo Farnsworth. When the lights of the hallway are switched off, Joe/Tom assures Betty that theres nothing to be afraid of and guides her out the door. Betty is touched by what he said, recalling her last conversation with Farnsworth. Joe/Tom asks her out for coffee, and when Betty realizes that he is the quarterback, she says yes at once.
tt0087910
Adventure,Drama,Romance
In 1943, US Army experimented with the electro magnetic fields to make dissapear a ship hoping to win World War II. In the ship are two friends, David Herdeg and Jim Parker, they are send to the future when experiment causes a break in the continuum space time, arriving to 1984. Located in a world strange for them, a nurse called Allison Hayes helps them, but military forces pursues them due Dr. James Longstreet, creator of the original experiment, that recreated it in a town that missed. Running from the soldiers, Herdeg and Allison see impotent like a sudden rays impact against Parker, that finally misses in fron their eyes, coming back to 1943. Although Herdeg and Allison don't understand the happening, both discover that Jim Parker still alive and they travel to meet him, meeting an 'old' Parker instead, a man that tries to forget a hard past lived time ago. Seeing that it's impossible to talk with him, Herdeg and Allison go away, and are catched by the soldiers. Finally they meet with Longstreet in the Control Center of the new experiment, who says that the new experiment connected with the original, creating a vortex between two times and that only Herdeg can to stop it. He refuses, but Longstreet tells that he spoke with the survivors of the 1943's experiment and that they told that was the own Herdeg who finished it destroying the generator power. Astonished, he understands that there's no option, and he accepts the mission, being send again to the vortex and to the Eldridge. There he meets again with the young Parker, saving him and the rest of the ship when the energy turns down, but before that the Eldridge re-appears in 1943 Herdeg jumps out of it, standing him in 1984 to stay with his beloved Allison.
tt0096913
Action,Drama,Sport
Comments by Actor / Writer Roy C. Peterson The title describes the movie. It's one of the best of all the martial arts films I've seen. There's good human-conflict story content. The acting is superb. The Taekwondo fight scenes are intense, realistic, and at the end, downright heroic. After seeing this I have a new respect for the compact power of this style. I once saw and photographed (at 1/1000 of a second) a Taekwondo warrior break, with his bare hand, three slabs of concrete. I was very impressed by this, but this movie impressed me much more. I've always considered Eric Roberts to be a fine actor, but until I saw this movie I had no idea of what an accomplished athlete he is as well.
tt0079540
Comedy
Very early in the morning at Camp North Star, an alarm clock wakens the head counselor, Tripper. He dons a kid's space cadet helmet and switches on the camp's PA system. His public service announcement informs the camp's counselors that they should get out of bed and report to for their assigned duties. He also expects that the summer session at the camp will be fun. Tripper forgets to turn the microphone off and takes it into the bathroom with him. The sound of a toilet flushing is heard across the camp. The other counselors are seen doing landscaping, painting, replacing windows and generally getting the camp ready. At the rendezvous for the campers, Tripper has his staff gather the kids and get them on the buses. Some of the kids have bad attitudes and have to be threatened with bodily harm. One of the counselors, Spaz, a nerdy type with taped-together glasses, is met by some counselors from North Star's rival summer camp, Mohawk. They seize his milkshake and pour it over his head. A news reporter is doing a story on Mohawk, which has a much richer budget, a long waiting list, stringent approval standards and seems like a luxury for its campers. Tripper talks to the reporter, posing as Mohawk's program director and gives him bogus information about the camp's activities, including "Sexual Awareness Week" when prostitutes are brought into the camp and the campers earn prizes for cavorting with as many as they can. Among the campers is a young kid named Rudy. Shy and lacking in self-confidence, he doesn't want to go to camp but his father insists. The buses bring the campers to North Star where they're assigned to their counselors and cabins. The head of the camp is Morty, a clumsy but likeable leader. He hands Tripper a list of rules for the camp, which Trip promptly tears up and throws in a trash bin. At chow, the camp's gossip expert informs everyone that several romances are brewing or continuing among the counselors, much to their embarrassment. Rudy participates in his first ever soccer game and accidentally scores on his own goalie. He's ridiculed and stalks off hurt. He packs his things and walks to the nearby town to catch a bus home. Tripper shows up and talks to Rudy in a kind tone, telling him that he just needs to make a few friends and he'll have a great summer. If anyone gives him any trouble, Trip tells him to go directly to him. Rudy and Tripper become friends, Rudy joining him for morning runs and staying up late to play cards - Tripper is no match for the budding card shark in Rudy, who takes home nearly all the peanuts they'd been using for wagers. Seeing a few good character traits in Rudy, Tripper later puts him in charge of making the PA announcements while he takes the counselors-in-training (CITs) on an overnight trip. At the overnight, Tripper and the other head counselor, Roxanne, become closer, despite Tripper's previous unwanted advances. North Star heads over to Camp Mohawk for the annual basketball game. North Star has continually lost to the ringer athletes of Mohawk, who also cheat to win. With his team many points in the hole, Tripper tells them they can lose with self-respect: at the next tip-off, the North Star players yank the shorts of their rivals down to their ankles and run. Joined by the North Star spectators and Tripper, they make it to their bus and triumphantly race back to their camp, Tripper proclaiming "This is the proudest day in North Star history!" Parent's Day arrives, with Morty, his bed and his nightstand hung from a tree near the camp's entrance as a prank by Tripper and his CITs. Rudy's father is unable to come to the event and he spends the day jogging with Tripper around the woods. The big event of the summer is the Olympiad that takes place between Mohawk and North Star. North Star has lost consistently to Mohawk for the past 13 years, primarily because they can't match the skill of the Mohawk athletes but also because Mohawk is notorious for cheating. Beating North Star at several events, Mohawk takes an early and seemingly insurmountable lead in points. When all hope seems lost, Tripper rallies everyone in the camp. North Star begins to cheat just as cleverly as Mohawk does and they begin a solid comeback, winning in a speed swimming event, a wrestling match, the sauce/teacup contest (won by the klutzy Spaz) and in the hot dog eating contest, where the chubby CIT Fink is able to beat Mohawk's champion, The Stomach, while Tripper frantically coaches him and massages his stomach. Morty announces that they're only 20 points behind Mohawk and can win with the final event, a short, cross-country run. Unfortunately, North Star's best runner, Jackie, was fouled during the field hockey game by two Mohawk players and is out with a broken ankle. Tripper volunteers Rudy, saying he's been running with him all summer and is in shape enough to win. Rudy immediately objects but Tripper tells him he has the utmost confidence in him. He tells him that he probably can't outrun Mohawk's runner on the open road but when the course enters the woods, he can outpace him because he's smaller and able to avoid a lot of the foliage. The run begins and Rudy paces his opponent steadily until they enter the woods. Rudy takes off, outdistancing his opponent, gaining a solid lead. When they hit the homestretch, Rudy is able to keep his lead and finishes the victor. The camp rallies to Rudy as the camp champion. Tripper and Roxanne escort Rudy back to his cabin that night where Rudy is greeted heartily by his mates. Tripper takes the CITs to a final campfire where they all drink champagne to celebrate their victory with Morty. They all sing a song about the more rotten aspects of being camp counselors. Tripper talks to Roxanne about moving in with him back home. Roxanne says she'll join him. The next morning, everyone prepares to go home. Rudy is asked by one of his mates if he'd like to come to a camp his father is opening. Rudy turns him down, saying he'll return to North Star. Roxanne suggests they say goodbye to Morty: out on the lake, Morty has been placed on a raft with his bed and nightstand to drift until he wakes up. Tripper gathers everyone together for the ride out, taking Roxanne with him on his motorcycle. On the lake, Morty wakes up to find he's stranded while the credits roll.
tt0460810
Comedy,Drama
Troy Gable (Colin Hanks), a recent law school dropout in Los Angeles, is searching for a job when he comes across a personal assistant position advertised in the local paper. He attends the interview for the position at a local restaurant, where he meets and is struck by the Great Buck Howard (John Malkovich), a waning mentalist. Although skeptical of Buck, Troy is convinced the job will be an exciting change from his ordinarily mundane life and goes on the road with Buck playing for half-empty houses in small towns and cities across the country. Although Buck can be prickly and harsh and his act is corny, he always impresses the small town crowds and Troy sees Buck is truly in his element. For his signature trick, Buck's performance fee is hidden in the audience while Buck waits in his dressing room and when he returns, he picks it out of the crowd. He never fails. One night Troy's father (Tom Hanks) appears, angry to find his son - who he thought was still in law school - is working as Buck's glorified gofer. After the ensuing drama, Troy is ready to bow to his father's wishes but Buck asks him to stick it out a while longer. He has a "spectacular" trick planned guaranteeing his long-awaited comeback. The big event is planned for Cincinnati and Buck hires a big New York PR firm to handle it. Buck is upset when, instead of sending the top publicist he was expecting, the firm sends junior publicist Valerie (Emily Blunt). Although Buck is dismissive of her, Valerie and Troy hit it off and wind up spending the night together. On the day of the event, Valerie seems to prove herself in Buck's eyes - she has gathered a large group of reporters to cover Buck as he attempts to set a world record by putting an entire room full of people to sleep. However, just as things get going and participants start falling asleep, the reporters' cell-phones begin ringing: Jerry Springer (talk-show host and former mayor of Cincinnati) has been in an automobile accident and in a rush, the reporters abandon Buck to cover the breaking news. Valerie and Troy turn from the fleeing reporters and are stunned to see Buck has accomplished his feat: the entire room lies asleep on the floor but there is no one to witness it. Furious, Buck berates Valerie for not having any "national media" present to witness the event. Stung and angry, Valerie quits on the spot but before she leaves she hands Buck a pre-release copy of a national news magazine containing an interview with Buck. Instead of the favorable puff piece he was expecting, the article paints Buck as a has-been, tyrant and fraud. Troy rushes after Valerie as Buck makes his way through the crowd of sleepers, commanding them to wake up. Troy and Valerie are interrupted by a scream and they rush back inside to find Buck has collapsed. Later, Troy sits with Buck at his bedside in the hospital. Buck is admitting his career is, indeed, finished when he hears a snatch of the local newscast on the television. Although no reporters were present, word has gotten out about Buck's trick that afternoon. Clicking through the different channels, the story is on every one. Suddenly, Buck is once again a hot commodity, appearing on the cover of national magazines and on talk-shows. However, when he is "bumped" from "The Tonight Show", he decides to accept an offer to bring his act to Las Vegas. But today's Vegas bears little resemblance to the Vegas Buck once played. His corny, "homey" act is retooled - made flashier and glitzier and Buck, for the first time, seems uncomfortable and nervous. On the night of his big debut, everything seems to be going fine and Buck prepares to close with his signature trick. Only this time, for the first time in his long career, Buck is unable to find the money. And just like that, his comeback is over and Buck disappears. Troy goes back to Los Angeles. Valerie has found him an entry-level job as a writer's assistant on a popular television show. Its a great opportunity but Troy finds himself missing Buck. One day he spots an announcement in the paper for a performance by "The Great Buck Howard" at a nearby community arts center. He drives to the performance and meets Buck in his dressing room. Troy tells Buck he has heard a rumor that Buck had a secret accomplice who helped him with the money-finding trick, but wants to know what happened in Vegas. Why couldn't Buck find the money? Buck confesses he realized Vegas wasn't what he really wanted. He would rather be on the road, playing for small crowds in small communities for people who "got" him and his act. Buck tells Troy to stick around and watch the show, he'll have a special "surprise" for him. Troy settles in to watch the show for the first time as a member of the audience and as he watches it unfold (now stripped of the glitz added in Vegas) he realizes the setting, the audience are perfect for Buck. The audience adores him and Buck is enjoying himself immensely. When it comes time for the finale, Buck makes an announcement and addresses the rumor he has always had help with the money-finding trick. He calls for volunteers from the audience and brings them up onstage to examine his ears for a listening device, then has a hood placed over his head as the money is rehidden in the audience. Troy watches as Buck moves among the audience members and a feeling of dread washes over him as Buck looks just as lost as he did that night in Vegas until suddenly, Buck stops and walks directly to an older gentleman. With a smile at Troy, Buck asks the man for his cash. The man denies he has it at first but on Buck's insistence, hands Buck his fee. Buck has done it again. [D-Man2010]
tt0072281
Action,Adventure
D'Artagnan (Michael York) and his father (Joss Ackland) engage in an exhausting sparring duel. The father shows his son a signature move, which ends with the point of the sword at his son's chest, and advises to use it in a fight only as a last resort. He gives the boy 15 crowns and a letter to the commander of the King's musketeers, then presents him a sword he and his own father used in the King's service. The young Gascon leaves home on a huge yellow workhorse with his few belongings and a salve his mother advises him to rub into any wounds, and he strikes out for Paris to take his place as a musketeer. As D'Artagnan arrives in Paris he comes upon Rochefort (Christopher Lee), a tall man with a patch over one eye, who makes an offhanded remark to some companions about the newcomer's horse. Anxious to fight at any opportunity, as his father suggested, the young Gascon challenges Rochefort, only to have his sword struck in two. He is knocked out as his new enemy goes to meet an approaching carriage. Rochefort greets the passenger inside--Milady DeWinter (Faye Dunaway)-- and tells her she must go to England to report on the Duke of Buckingham (Simon Ward). The pair are spies for Cardinal Richelieu (Charlton Heston). D'Artagnan again tries to pick a fight but ends up falling in the mud. Finding the musketeers' headquarters, D'Artagnan awaits an appointment with their commander M. Treville (Georges Wilson). As he makes his way through the indoor training ground, he sees Porthos (Frank Finlay) having his portrait done while Aramis (Richard Chamberlain) watches; outside Treville's office, Athos (Oliver Reed) has a shoulder wound attended to. Treville reads D'Artagnan's letter and asks to see the familiar sword, which D'Artagnan sheepishly produces; the commander knows the weapon, realizes what has happened and lets him borrow a new one. Unfortunately there is no place in the musketeers for him, Treville says, until he has established his reputation on campaign or in killing, but a place in the guard might be suited to him in the meantime. Suddenly D'Artagnan spots Rochefort outside and leaps from the window. . .only to be hoisted back up as he lands on a scaffold. Excusing himself to Treville, he hastily runs from the office and collides with Athos and his wounded shoulder. The musketeer says D'Artagnan needs a lesson in manners, and they agree to duel at the Carmelite Convent at 12:00. Hurrying downstairs to catch up with Rochefort, the Gascon knocks Porthos down, causing a wardrobe malfunction which embarrasses him, so they agree to duel at the Luxembourg at 1:00. Once outside, D'Artagnan mistakenly compromises a lady trying to get Aramis' attention, so the musketeer and intended priest decides to have the young man meet him at 2:00 to settle the matter with swords. At the convent, it turns out that D'Artagnan's other two appointments are with Athos' dueling seconds. Before the duel can begin, however, six of the Cardinal's guards appear and prepare to charge at the musketeers for dueling, which is against the law. D'Artagnan joins the outnumbered threesome, noting that he may not have a tunic, but has the heart of a musketeer. Together they make short order of the guards, and Athos has an opportunity to see that the Gascon is a good swordsman. The remaining two guards surrender, but not before Porthos finds that his hat has been cleaved in two and lifts twenty pistoles from a downed guard to pay the damages (and twenty more to teach them manners). Later Athos explains that the musketeer motto is "one for all, all for one," so each of them gets ten pistoles from the booty, which Athos suggests D'Artagnan use to get lodgings and a servant. He chooses Planchet (Roy Kinnear) for a servant, and takes dingy lodgings at two francs a day with the elderly M. Bonacieux (Spike Milligan) and his wife Constance (Raquel Welch), a clumsy but beautiful younger woman and the dressmaker to Queen Anne of Austria (Geraldine Chaplin). Porthos bets and loses all of their money, so the group enter a tavern; Porthos makes it a point to annoy Aramis and they start to duel, but when D'Artagnan tries to quell the swordplay, Athos pulls him back. The men are creating a distraction while they rustle some much-needed food and drink. D'Artagnan and Planchet soon get into the spirit, passing the pilfered food to Athos, who hides it under his cloak. When they depart, Athos throws a purse to the barkeep, which he secretly filled with salt, they make their escape and fill their bellies with the hard-won food. At the palace, the Cardinal arrives, and locals are paid to wave flags and cheer his coming, as he is despised by many for manipulating the power of the King (Jean-Pierre Cassel) to his own advantage. The King discusses the musketeers' fight with Richelieu's "ruffians," and is worried because the Duke of Buckingham has arrived in France and covets his wife Anne, but Richelieu assures him that she is faithful; in secret he has a plot he is about to set in motion. At night Rochefort and his men break into M. Bonacieux's home while he is in bed with Constance, and prepare to take the couple to the Bastille, but Constance fumbles her way free and returns home and into D'Artagnan's arms. Later she leaves, saying she has to stop somewhere before she continues to the palace and the Queen, and makes him promise not to follow her, but he worries about her safety and trails after her from a distance to discover her meeting with another man. He challenges the interloper, then finds out it is the Duke of Buckingham himself. He helps escort the Duke and Constance to the palace laundry where Buckingham meets with Anne and begs her for a token he can hold until they can be together for good. She gives him a necklace containing twelve diamond studs. Suddenly guards appear and the Duke is outnumbered and in danger of being discovered, but D'Artagnan assists and Planchet brings the other musketeers as well, and they defeat the guards while the Duke makes his escape. At the Bastille, the Cardinal meets with Bonacieux and accuses him of treachery, then upbraids Rochefort for failing to hold onto Constance; Rochefort tells the Cardinal that Anne has given the diamond studs to Buckingham. The Cardinal releases Bonacieux, befriending him with a gift of 100 pistoles to get him to spy on his own wife. At an outing, the Cardinal mentions to the King that he wants to see the queen dance, and they plan a ball in her honor in two weeks' time. Richelieu suggests to the King that she should wear the diamond studs, and he approaches Anne with the request. The Cardinal later gives him a box with two diamond studs inside, and prompts him to count the studs when Anne wears the necklace and question her if they are all not there. He has sent Milady DeWinter to England and, in a tryst with Buckingham while he is wearing the token of Anne's affection, Milady has stolen the two studs the Cardinal has given the King. For the Queen to appear without them will cause her dishonor and may well cost Anne her life. Desperate to get the studs back, the Queen writes a letter to Buckingham and gives it to Constance, who is prepared to entrust it to her husband, but when he mentions that the Cardinal "took my hand and called me friend," she refuses to reveal more, so Bonacieux goes out to fetch Rochefort. D'Artagnan has been listening unseen, and volunteers to take the letter as he loves her and knows how to get to England. He locates the purse of 100 pistoles to use for the trip, but the pair are forced to quickly hide in a wardrobe when Bonacieux arrives with Rochefort and his men; after no trace of the pair is found, they leave. Constance faints and the wardrobe crashes to the ground. D'Artagnan breaks out of the wooden wardrobe, angered by the continued interference of the "inconvenient" Rochefort. Athos later tells the Gascon to avoid the man as he is a dangerous swordsman for the Cardinal. The trio of musketeers agree to help D'Artagnan get the letter to Buckingham and ride out with the agreement that if one falls, the others continue on their way. At a tavern Porthos gets into an argument with a man and, as they duel it out, the others ride on. The man slices into the musketeer's outfit, drawing blood, and Porthos drops to the ground. Later Athos and Aramis are set upon by thieves; Aramis is held at gunpoint, and D'Artagnan and Planchet watch from a distance, shocked, as Athos is cut at the throat in a duel. They continue to the docks to board a ship for England, but have no pass. Rochefort has a signed pass to board, but needs the governor to countersign, so he takes the road to town. On Rochefort's return, D'Artagnan accosts him, and when they recognize each other they fight a rough duel in the dark. Rochefort is wounded by D'Artagnan but not killed, and the Gascon suffers scraped ribs. Planchet nabs the pass, and when the harbor master questions why there are two people with one pass, D'Artagnan notes that he is one person, and Planchet is a servant. An exhausted D'Artagnan arrives in England, having taken six days. Buckingham is ready to hand over the studs but suddenly realizes that two studs are missing and figures out that Milady took them. His jeweler O'Reilly (Frank Finlay) is able to perfectly reproduce the two studs, and Buckingham hands the packet over to D'Artagnan, asking how he can repay him. D'Artagnan notes that they are enemies, but Buckingham offers a handshake and a sword which he accepts. With Planchet at his heels, they manage to get to Paris before the ball starts. At the familiar location of one of his companions' duels, D'Artagnan jumps upon a fresh horse, cutting a rope attached to the pommel, not knowing that two of his fellow musketeers are using the horse to pull Athos out of a well he has fallen into. The musketeers are wounded but recuperating. They realize from the accident with the horse that D'Artagnan has returned successfully and head out to join him at the ball. The Queen arrives on the arm of the King, but she is wearing a pearl necklace and he demands she wear the diamond studs; stalling for time, she says she will send to the palace for them and departs to wait with her dressmaker in hope of being saved. When Constance looks out a balcony window, she upsets a pot of flowers and D'Artagnan immediately knows from the accident where to go; he creates a distraction with musicians and prematurely set-off fireworks, but is delayed in getting the studs to Constance when the guards appear. The musketeers soon arrive and with the help of Planchet, who infiltrated the ball in a polar bear costume, they manage to subdue the guards. D'Artagnan throws the packet with the studs up to Constance, but they are thrown into the wrong window. Milady picks it up, but Constance bursts in and the two women fight until D'Artagnan swings in to assist. Constance is able to nab the valuable packet. The Queen reappears at the ball and reveals the studs at her neck. After the King tries unsuccessfully to count them while dancing with his wife, he stops the music and reveals the box containing the two studs which the Cardinal had given him; she delightedly says she now has fourteen studs. Backpedaling, the Cardinal says he wanted to give the additional studs to her but could not bring himself to do so directly. Milady informs the Cardinal that D'Artagnan thwarted the plot, but the Cardinal says the game continues. At an elaborate ceremony, Treville announces that D'Artagnan has become a musketeer; his comrades put the tunic over his shoulders while the commander provides his musket. The Queen greets him and, when she offers her hand, she discreetly gives him a ring as thanks for saving her honor. Milady flirtatiously passes by the new musketeer as D'Artagnan, joined by Constance and his friends, head to new adventures, and they become the Four Musketeers.
tt0100212
Comedy,Crime
Vinny, a low-level New York mobster enters the witness protection program in a SoCal suburb. His wife abandons him and as he adjusts to his new life he not only finds old habits are hard to break, but he isn't the only one. His exploits get a lot of negative attention from the divorced local DA - Hannah. His FBI custodian, Barney - also recently divorced - works hard to keep him out of trouble. Barney and Vinny teach each other a lot about their different approaches to living. As Vinny's court date approaches, hitmen, and business ventures with some 'new' old friends bring everyone together.
tt0093075
Fantasy,Horror
Glen (Stephen Dorff) returns home to find his house abandoned. Nobody answers his calls, but there is a half-eaten dinner in the kitchen and the eerie sound of laughter from somewhere nearby. He goes into the backyard and climbs into the treehouse, where he finds a lit lantern and a doll. The tree is abruptly struck by lightning and collapses. Glen awakens to the sound of men at work; it was only a nightmare. Through his window, he sees that the workers have cut down the tree in his backyard and a fragment of a geode has been unearthed. Glen returns with his friend Terry to dig for more. Though the workers have attempted to fill the hole left by the tree, Glen and Terry breach the surface and uncover a large geode. In the process, Glen catches a splinter and leaves a small bit of blood behind. With Glen's parents leaving town for three days, they leave his sister Alexandra ("Al") in charge. Al decides to throw a party. Upstairs, Terry and Glen break open the geode. They discover it has left strange writing on a notepad, and read the incantations aloud. They go downstairs just as the party-goers have begun playing a levitation game. Everyone is shocked when they successfully levitate Glen. That night, Glen sees his bedroom wall stretching, and Terry embraces a heavenly apparition of his dead mother, only to have it turn out to be the body of Angus, Glen's recently deceased dog. The next day, Terry brings a heavy metal album to Glen's house, with lyrics supposedly based on something called The Dark Book. He believes that the hole in Glen's backyard is a gateway to the domain of evil gods, and speculates that their actions from the previous day started the process. He speculates that the only missing element would be to deposit a sacrifice into the hole. Unknown to them, a friend of Al's has already dumped Angus into the hole, completing the summoning. After reading a section from The Dark Book that is supposed to close the Gate, the boys find the hole has closed and assume their efforts were successful. That night, a swarm of moths shatter Glen's bedroom window, and Angus' corpse is found in Terry's bed. A pair of demonic arms try to pull Al under the bed, and Terry and Glen barely save her. They attempt to flee the house, but are greeted outside by Glen and Al's parents, who are actually disguised demons. After returning to the house Al volunteers to inspect the yard, but the others see it swarming with small demons and call her back. Terry leads everyone to the basement to retrieve The Dark Book, but it bursts into flames. They then attempt to stop the creatures by reading the Bible. Terry reads from Psalm 59 and the hole seems to be closing, but he slips and falls into the hole, where he is attacked by the demons. Al and Glen pull Terry out as the hole begins closing. Terry reads from Genesis, but ultimately throws the Bible into the hole. An explosion knocks them unconscious. When they wake up the hole appears sealed. That night, a wall breaks open and a dead body falls through. Glen wonders if this is the construction worker he heard was buried in the walls of the house. Before either of the boys can react, the construction worker pulls Terry into the wall, which seals behind him. Upstairs, Al notices a hazy image of the construction worker in her mirror. Glen bursts into Al's bedroom, and the construction worker appears. Al throws a stereo at him and he disintegrates into dozens of little demons. Al holds the bedroom door shut while Glen races downstairs to find their father's gun. A demonic version of Terry appears and bites his hand. Al runs downstairs to help, and stabs Terry in the eye with the foot of a Barbie doll. Al and Glen hide in a closet, but the construction worker breaks through an interior wall. Al fires a shot into his head, but he is uninjured and drags her away. Glen realizes that Terry and Al represent the two human sacrifices that would fully open the gate. He also realizes that the rocket Al intended to give him for his birthday, a symbol of love, light and purity, is the only thing that can stop the rise of the Old Gods. He makes his way upstairs just before the floor collapses, revealing a chasm beneath the house. Glen retrieves the rocket and attempts to launch it, but the matches keep blowing out. The wind sucks Glen onto the foyer, where a giant, serpentine demon emerges. The demon pats Glen on the head, touches his hand, and returns to the hole. Glen discovers that the demon's touch has placed an eye in the palm of his hand. Glen stabs out the eye, then struggles to descend the staircase, at which point the demon re-emerges. Glen uses a battery-powered launcher to fire his rocket into the demon. The demon explodes, dispelling the dark clouds above the house. Glen returns to the house. Angus emerges from the front closet, seemingly restored to life. He is followed by Terry and Al, also unhurt. The kids worry about how to explain the wreckage of the house to their parents.
tt0086373
Comedy,Crime,Sci-Fi
Bob and Doug McKenzie (Rick Moranis and Dave Thomas) are two dim-witted and unemployed "hosers" living in Toronto, Ontario who find themselves in a bind when they squander their father's beer money and then run out of beer. The brothers place a live mouse in a beer bottle in an attempt to blackmail the local beer store into giving them free Elsinore beer, but are told to take up the matter at the Elsinore brewery instead. After presenting the mouse to management at the brewery, the brothers are given jobs on the bottling line inspecting the bottles for mice. They take this opportunity to drink lots of free beer off the line; later, they present their parents with a van full of free Elsinore beer products as part of their payment with their new jobs. Meanwhile, the evil owner of the brewery, Brewmeister "B.M." Smith (Max von Sydow), is perfecting a secret plan to take over the world by placing a mind-control drug in Elsinore beer which, while rendering the consumer docile, also makes him or her attack others when stimulated by certain musical tones. Smith tests this adulterated beer on patients of the conveniently located Royal Canadian Institute for the Mentally Insane, which is connected by underground tunnels to the brewery. The effects of the tainted beer are demonstrated in an extended sequence during which the mental patients don armored Star Wars-style hockey garb and, after consuming the beer, respond to synthesizer music by variously playing hockey, skating together in sync, and brawling on the ice. It seems the former brewery owner John Elsinore has recently died under mysterious circumstances and his daughter, Pam (Lynne Griffin), having recently turned 21, has been given full control of the Elsinore brewery. Pam's incompetent uncle Claude (Paul Dooley), in the interim, had married her widowed mother and is reluctant to give up his recently-gained control of the brewery. The reason for this is further revealed to be that the bumbling Claude is collaborating with Brewmeister Smith, for whom he is a buffoonish toady, providing a cover for the Brewmeister's nefarious plans. Bob and Doug blunder into the midst of these plans when they rescue Pam from a malfunctioning security gate and both become fast friends with her. While exploring the massive brewery, Bob and Doug find a shuttered cafeteria containing an old Galactic Border Patrol video game that supernaturally reveals that Brewmeister Smith murdered John Elsinore and that Uncle Claude was deeply involved. Additionally, while poking around the brewery, Bob and Doug meet a one time hockey great, Jean "Rosie" LeRose (Angus MacInnes), whom Bob recognizes from the hockey card he has back home at his parents' house. Having suffered a career-ending nervous breakdown and fallen under Smith's control, Rosie gets locked up at the insane asylum but is determined to fight against the Brewmeister's plot for world domination. Eventually, Bob and Doug wander into Brewmeister's operations room while he is away, and Doug takes a record disk of John Elsinore's murder, believing that it is a New Wave bootleg record. Immediately afterward, Brewmeister and Claude shoot the brothers with tranquilizers. They then dress up in the brothers clothes where they are shown on security camera shooting tranquilizer darts at Pam and a friendly associate, named Henry Green, and put their unconcious bodies in kegs. When Bob and Doug wake up, they are back in their van, convinced that their suspicious discoveries were all just dreams, and they are instructed by Claude to deliver two kegs of beer (actually containing an unconscious Pam and her father's friend, Henry Green) to a party at the bottom of a big hill. However, the brakes have been modified to only allow two stops before giving out altogether. Nevertheless, as Bob and Doug drive, they soon get distracted and decide to stop off at their house to feed their dog. They also leave behind the incriminating record disk of Brewmeister and Claude's actions at their house. Having wasted one stop prior, they find themselves unable to stop the now-speeding vehicle and eventually wind up jumping off of the Toronto pier into Lake Ontario. Rosie arrives and tries to rescue Pam who cannot swim, but after saving her, he passes out and sinks to the bottom of the lake. The police rescue Pam and the badly injured Henry, and assume that the Mackenzie brothers are dead, seeing as they have not surfaced the water for 10 minutes. When they send down a pair of scuba divers to inspect the van, however, they find that Bob and Doug never left their seats. They survived by inhaling air which was trapped in the many empty bottles rolling about in the van. With them is also Rosie, who had provided his last breath to Pam for her survival, and would have died if the brothers had not saved him as well. Unfortunately the accident causes memory loss for Pam who becomes near catatonic, and the brothers are therefore framed for the attempted murder of Pam Elsinore and Henry Green. When put on trial, Bob and Doug's crazy antics cause the judge to declare them insane, and he puts them under Brewmeister Smith's care at the Royal Canadian Institute for the Mentally Insane. Brewmeister assigns Ted, one of his cohorts, to find out everything that the brothers know about what they saw at the brewery and if they have the missing record disk, but they just end up frustrating Ted with their childish and comical behavior. Meanwhile, Claude goes to the hospital where the injured Rosie is being treated and, while impersonating a doctor, attempts to kill him in his hospital bed with a syringe filled with poison. But his plan fails when Claude is mistaken for a doctor and he is forced to inject his syringe into an epiletic patient and is forced to flee from the hospital. Claude drives out of the parking lot without paying his ticket, and Rosie chases after him by stealing a car and beating up the parking lot attendant. The injured Henry Green, hearing about the attempt on Rosie's life, also escapes from the hospital in a stolen police car after the parking lot attendant calls the police to report the incident. Also a police inspector begins looking up various leads after visiting Claude earlier and catching something about his odd behavior. The Inspector pays a visit to the McKenzie brothers house to talk to their parents, but Mr. and Mrs. McKenzie are not home. However, the family dog drops off the incriminating record disk to the Inspector before supernaturally fleeing. Rosie goes to the institute and soon finds Bob and Doug in an electroshock treatment room where they are playfully zaping each other with high voltage electric shocks, and helps them escape. They also find Pam at the institute and rescue her as well. Rosie, having figured out Brewmeister's plan, foments an uprising among the brainwashed test subjects. Doug leads half of the hockey players to the shipping dock, where they shove Claude into the labeling machine until he can be arrested by the Inspector and the police. Rosie leads the other half to Brewmeister's control room, where Brewmeister Smith manages to kill all of them in a brief hand-to-hand combat except for Rosie, who shoves him into a light board with a hockey stick where John Elsinore's ghost (who had been haunting all of the electrical devices at the brewery, including the arcade game) effectively zaps him to death. Beforehand, Brewmeister Smith had captured Pam and Bob, and locks them in a huge brewery tank that he began slowly filling with beer in an attempt to drown them. Doug, Rosie, and the police eventually track them down and open the hatch. To their surprise, not a drop of liquid flows out. Pam climbs out and explains that Bob drank all the beer! (Bob has now cartoonishly grown to an obese figure standing over two stories tall.) She runs to the cafeteria where she finds Henry Green there and they both see her father's ghost, who tells her of how Brewmeister has already shipped out his free tainted beer to the local Oktoberfest and tells her to stop them. Meanwhile, Doug tries his best to figure out where to take Bob out of the tank to so he can take "an enormous leak". Bob warns Doug and Rosie to move away, and emits a powerful belch which blows off the end of the tank. When they hear that a wing of the brewery is on fire, Doug recruits Bob to extinguish it by urinating on it, returning him to normal size. After they put the fire out, the police ask for their help in stopping the Oktoberfest fiasco. They all go back to the boys' home and find their beer-drinking dog, Hosehead, a black dog who resembles a large skunk, to invade the party. Enticed by free beer and sausages, Hosehead runs down the street and begins to fly like Superman's dog Krypto (briefly wearing a cape that he loses to the wind) over the city, until he crashes down through the tent of the celebration and effectively scares everyone outside. In the end, the McKenzie Brothers save the day and Pam and Rosie find true love. As for the contaminated beer, Bob and Doug are allowed to haul away the lot... to apparently try to drink it all. (A loose framing story style is employed in the movie; the opening shows the McKenzies giving their discussion antics as the opening act for their segment show 'Great White North' (from the SCTV series) at a movie premiere for 'Mutants of 2051 A.D.', which they return to at the close of the movie during the closing credits for another discussion of the movie that the viewers just watched with them as the stars.)
tt0080388
Crime,Drama,Romance
The opening close-up shot shows a knife slicing lemons. The camera pans out to Sally (Susan Sarandon) washing herself with the lemon juice in front of the window at her kitchen sink in an apartment building in Atlantic City. She is listening to the operatic soprano aria Casta Diva from Norma. From the next apartment, an older man, Lou (Burt Lancaster), is spying on Sally as she bathes. We then cut to a phone booth. A young long-haired man goes in, pretending to make a call, then grabs something in tin foil. This is Dave. Another, tough looking guy with bleach blond hair goes in the same phone booth, obviously to get what was in the tin foil, but can't find it. We then see Dave hitchhiking with a young pregnant woman, Chrissie. They are both dressed like gypsies or hippies. in the background are the marshes of New Jersey and industrial smoke stacks. The two hippies walk through Atlantic City's boardwalk and go into a casino where they find Sally, who works in one of the casino's seafood restaurants. We learn the hippies are Sally's estranged husband, Dave, and her sister, Chrissie. The two had run off together. Sally says she's not going to let them stay with her, but relents. Lou passes them as they enter Sally's apartment. He goes downstairs to Grace's apartment, a woman about his own age who lives in an apartment with girlish pink decor. We find that Lou does errands for her for cash and that they have a combative co-dependent relationship. Back upstairs, Dave tries to kiss his estranged wife, Sally, who gives him the cold shoulder, telling him he ruined her chances of making a life in Las Vegas. He leaves angrily, but sees her purse and steals her wallet from it on the way out. Lou argues with Grace over five dollars. She tells him to steal it. Calling him king of the crooks. He takes the abuse calmly. He takes Grace's dog Peppie for grooming, and while there he asks the proprietress if she has any bets. We see Lou make his rounds as a small-time bookie. Sally is taking classes to be a blackjack dealer. We learn that she is taking French classes and her dream is to go to Monte Carlo and work there as a blackjack dealer. Lou brings the money he has gathered from bets to a man with organized crime connections, Fred O'Reilly, at a bar. Coincidentally, Dave is there to meet with Fred too, hoping to sell the drugs he stole from the phone booth pick-up. Lou watches Dave walk in the back with Fred. Dave shows Fred a plastic bag of white powdered heroin. Fred takes a sniff and says it's very nice. White Christmas. Fred tells Dave to get a leisure suit and lose the hippy look. Dave wants an advance. While Fred takes a piss, he tells Dave he can't do business with him. He gives Dave a card with a number on it, presumably a place he can sell the dope. Dave chases Lou down on the Atlantic City boardwalk as he walks back to the apartment building. Dave offers Lou $100 to use his apartment for an hour. Lou returns Peppie the poodle to Grace, then leaves with Dave who asks to borrow Grace's scale. The two go downstairs and Dave cuts the white powder with baby laxative on Lou's kitchen table. Dave tells Lou he just turned $2,000 into $4,000. Dave asks Lou to walk him around, but Lou says he can't leave Grace. Dave has Chrissie go into Grace's apartment to rub her feet so that Lou will be free to show him around. As they walk the boardwalk, Lou tells Dave he knew Bugsy Siegel and that he killed people in the past when he worked for the people who worked for the people. He said he would swim in the ocean and come out feeling clean again. Lou and Dave go to a hotel. Dave says he wants Lou to go to room 307 and exchange the drugs for money. Lou asks why Dave isn't coming and Dave says he isn't dressed for it. While Lou is upstairs exchanging the drugs for money, and Dave is walking around. A car pulls up with Fred from the bar and the blond man from the phone booth from whence Dave stole the drugs. The blond man chases Dave into an elevated garage. A chase ensues ending when the blond man captures Dave and stabs him in the chest. Lou stops in a bathroom after collecting $4,000 for the drugs. He bumps into an old friend, Buddy O'Brian, who is now a bathroom attendant. They reminisce about a farcical mass rubber-buying job and Lou tells him he lives too much in the past. As Lou walks home he sees Dave being carried on a gurney into an ambulance. The police come into Sally's hotel and give her back her wallet. She asks where they found it and realizes something has happened to Dave and that it was he who stole her wallet. Sally rushes to the hospital and watches as they pull the blanket over the motionless Dave. When they tell her she can claim the body, she says she doesn't want it and storms out, past Robert Goulet singing a song about Atlantic City surrounded by chorus girls. He's at the hospital doing a benefit. After attempting to call Dave's parents, Sally walks past Lou who is at the hospital as well. He introduces himself as her neighbor and says he's sorry about Dave. Lou helps her call Dave's parents, when she can't handle the call, Lou talks to them for her. After they get back to the apartment building they each go to their respective apartments. Lou again spies on Sally as she bathes topless at the kitchen sink, spreading lemon juice on her arms and bare chest. Lou goes downstairs to Grace's and sends Chrissie back upstairs. Lou puts on an old jazz record and climbs into bed with Grace who protests, "Lou, whats got into you?" But doesn't resists too much. The next morning, Lou follows Dave's procedure for cutting the drugs in his kitchen while whistling. He arranges for Dave's body to be sent to Dave's parents. He then goes back to the same client from the previous day and gets another $4,000. He visits O'Brian the bathroom attendant and gives him a large tip and tells him to visit a tailor. Lou takes Sally out to dinner. Hes wearing a new suit and pretends to be more wealthy than he is. Sally has to go to work on a house she and some friends are fixing up. Lou takes her. While there, Lou tells more of his history with Grace. That he's protected her for 40 years, since she was a teenager. But she got married along the way. Sally asks if Lou loves Grace. But Lou says he watches Sally. He then tells her, he's been watching her through her window, he then describes in loving detail her bathing ritual involving lemons and soap. Rather than being creeped out, Sally is touched and aroused. She takes off her blouse. And Lou delicately begins to run his hands over her. Presumably they make love (off-camera). As they return to their apartment building, they are accosted by the blond gangster who stabbed Dave. He rips Sally's clothes and breaks her radio and rifles through her purse, looking for the drugs or any proceeds. Lou is held back by one of the blond gangster's associates. As they come up the stairs Grace angrily confronts Lou and Sally, saying men had been ransacking the place. She is especially annoyed by Lou's new suit. "What the hell are you wearing?" She berates Lou and tells Sally in the old days his nickname was numb nuts. Sally's apartment has been ransacked. Lou, who has slipped into his own apartment, begins packing a suitcase. And with shaking hands gathers the remaining dope and a gun. Grace tells Sally it's not the first time Lou has run. He ran when her husband, Cookie, was killed, "so he'll run away now". Sally confronts Chrissie. She admits that Dave and she came to Atlantic City to sell some dope to get money for the baby. She tells Sally Dave went out with Lou the day before. Grace says, "they took my scale." She goes and angrily knocks and his door and sees that he's gone. Sally realizes Lou has been spending the drug money to romance her. Lou visits the client at the hotel and sells him the rest of the dope, except for a last $1,000 worth, since that's all the money the client has. He tells the client to tell Fred to leave the women alone, that what those hoods are looking for he's got. Sally goes to her blackjack dealing class, but is told the manager wants to see her. He says he can't afford to have people with connections like hers working in the casino. He fires her. Sally finds Lou playing blackjack in the casino. As she walks up to him, the blond gangster and his associate are asking him where the money is and they ask him to go outside. Lou won't leave the table. Sally yells at him saying he's playing with Dave's money. He tells her to sit down. She throws a fit. As Sally creates a scene and is forcibly thrown out by security, Lou slips out and gets in a cab. Sally manages to follow him to the bus station and tricks a bus driver into thinking he's her father and she needs to get him off the bus so he can get his medication. She demands that Lou give her the money. As they walk away from the station, the blond gangster and his associate corner them in an alley. The blond gangster holds a switchblade in Sally's face. Lou shoots both gangsters and he and Sally flee in their car. Lou is proud of himself and laughs about killing them." I protected you", he says. She tells him to put the gun down. They go to a hotel and order champagne. Their reverie is broken when they turn on the TV and see a news bulletin about the murders. But the news flash doesn't indicate that they are suspects. So they relax. We then see Grace and Chrissie connecting. Grace tells how she came during the war to Atlantic City for a Betty Grable look-alike contest, but the boardwalk was full of Betty Grable look-alikes. She offers to buy Chrissie a ticket home to Saskatchewan. Lou asks Sally to come with him to Florida where he has friends. She is leaning towards doing it. Then a police sketch of Lou is shown on the TV and Sally realizes it wouldn't work. In the morning Lou takes the telephone in the bathroom and calls Grace and admits the murders. He says he wishes Grace could be there. He is strangely proud and we realize he had never actually killed anyone before, contrary to what he had told Dave earlier on the boardwalk. While he's on the phone, Sally gets up and goes through his wallet. She takes most of the money. Lou peeks out the bathroom door and sees her doing this, but doesn't say anything. She makes up a story about wanting to get pizza, saying shell bring some back. As she's walking out the door, he tells her don't forget to ditch the car, indicating he knows she isn't coming back. She drives away, listing to a radio program about the wines of France. Lou asks for a taxi back to Atlantic City, looks at the paper the man was reading about the murders and tells the man that he did it. Grace sells the last $1,000 worth of dope to the client at the hotel, as she walks away, Lou takes her arm. They walk down the boardwalk together with smiles on their faces. The camera pans up to a wrecking ball slamming into a hole in a hotel being demolished as the end credits rolll.
tt0120184
Drama,Horror,Mystery
Dr. Norman Goodman (Dustin Hoffman) is called to a location in the Pacific Ocean, for what he thinks is a plane crash. His specialty is psychiatry and dealing with crash survivors. The helicopter pilot (Huey Lewis - yes THAT Huey Lewis!) tells him they've been ferrying all kinds of scientists to this location. Onboard a naval ship, Norman sees astrophysicist Dr. Ted Fielding (Liev Schriber) and biochemist Dr. Beth Halperin (Sharon Stone), but is unable to talk to them. The ship's captain, Harold Barnes (Peter Coyote) briefs them - the plane crash is a spacecraft, a huge ship buried under 300 years of coral. In addition to Beth, Norman and Ted, mathematician Dr. Harry Adams (Samuel L. Jackson) is also on the contact team, which was recommended by Norman many years ago. The team goes through a medical examination, and a dive briefing by an instructor (James Pickens Jr.), who tells them there is "no quick return to the surface". The team takes a sub to the crash site habitat, and they all begin to exhibit signs of nervousness. It's clear that Norman and Beth have some history. The habitat is manned by Edmunds (Marga Gomez) and Alice Fletcher (Queen Latifah), who is directing a Navy dive team to set up a drone by the ship's door. The team puts on dive suits and walks on the seafloor to the spacecraft, and the door opens for them. Beth sees footprints in the dust, and Barnes splits them into 2 groups. Beth and Norman step onto an elevator, which takes them to the bridge. Ted, Harry and Barnes find English text and advanced metallurgy. Beth finds a human skeleton, and deduces the ship is American. The flight recorder shows dates from the future and an entry for "Unknown Entry Event". A holographic display reveals that the ship travelled through a black hole. The team finds a huge sphere in a cargo hold. The sphere doesn't reflect the team members, but everything else. Back in the habitat, Ted theorizes that the ship time-travelled through a black hole and arrived 300 years ago. Harry thinks the sphere is alive, and that since the future ship has no information about the black hole, the contact team will not get a chance to warn anyone; therefore, they are destined to die in the habitat. He also expresses a desire to get into the sphere. At the same time, Barnes gets a message that a cyclone is approaching topside, and the team must return to the surface before it hits. As the team is preparing to return, alarms go off, and video monitors show Harry entering the sphere through his reflection. Due to Harry's disappearance, the return to the surface is cancelled. Norman goes to the sphere, and finds Harry at its base, unconscious. Norman sees his reflection in the sphere, and communications with the surface are suddenly interrupted. Harry is taken back to the sphere, as is Norman. Norman sits gazing out a window, and sees a jellyfish. Fletcher takes some tapes to the mini-sub outside, and is attacked and killed by jellyfish. Beth later analyzes the jellyfish and determines it's not a normal one. Barnes questions Norman about Beth's mental state, and Harry wakes up from his coma, feeling exuberant and making comments about never leaving. He appears calm about Fletcher's death, but freaks out over calamari. Later, as Norman and Ted argue over Ted's jealousy on Harry, Edmunds bring them to the communications center, where the computers are acting strangely. Harry notices the codes on the computer are in binary code. After decryption, the messages reads, "Hello. How are you. I am fine. What is your name? My name is Jerry." Norman worries that Jerry appears to have emotions, and what the repercussions would be if Jerry gets mad. Later, they hear noise outside the habitat, and Norman and Beth investigate, finding Edmunds' mangled body outside. Meanwhile, Harry reads 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea. Norman and Beth bring Edmunds' body back inside, and are attacked by strange egg shapes, with something large approaching. Norman tries to contact Jerry, and discovers Jerry can hear them directly. When Norman asks to talk without Jerry listening, and Jerry becomes petulant, and a large squid approaches the habitat. Jerry says (via computer) "I am here," and the squid attacks. Ted bashes his head while adjusting the internal pressure, and Norman activates the external defense system, which causes a fire. As they rush to combat the fire, Jerry states, "I will kill you all". Ted tries to wake Harry, but can't. Barnes get crushed by an emergency door and Ted is killed by fire, then the fire suddenly is extinguished. After the emergency, Norman talks to Jerry, who exhibits a childlike understanding of life, but immense power. Jerry tells Norman to stop calling him "Jerry". Norman then talks to Harry, who is calm but unaware of the incidents. Norman goes to reset the mini-sub, but on the way back, he gets holes in his suit. Harry watches dispassionately and directs Norman to the airlock, but Norman is attacked by a sea snake. Beth goes into the spaceship, saying she's looking for food. Distrust arises among the 3 survivors, as Beth was supposed to be monitoring Norman during his trek. Norman finds another copy of 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, and then the entire pantry is full of copies. Beth plants mines around the spaceship. Norman re-calculates the code, and realizes the "j" and "e" are incorrect - they should be "h" and "a", which means Jerry is actually Harry. Later, Norman explains this to Beth and also explains the squid - it's a part of 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea. Norman theorizes the sphere made the change in Harry. Beth and Harry plot to sedate Harry, and he goes under quickly. Beth and Harry get a signal from topside that a sub will arrive in 6 hours. Norman is attacked by sea snakes in the bathroom, but Beth saves him without emotion, saying Norman manifested the snakes. She locks him inside the lab and tells him to sedate himself. When he refuses, she floods the lab, and Norman goes outside the habitat, returning through the main airlock. Meanwhile, Beth begins to doubt her own sanity and Harry wakes up. Norman realizes that all 3 of them went into the sphere, and that is what happened to the original crew. The explosives Beth set become armed. With 13 minutes remaining, the 3 head to the mini-sub. Reality keeps changing, but Norman finds a way to launch the sub. The bombs explode, destroying the spaceship and habitat, but the mini-sub makes it to the surface. Several hours later, the 3 complete decompression, and discuss their story. Norman reminds Harry that they shouldn't be alive, since they made it to the surface, and could tell the authorities what happened. Harry suggests they use their power to forget that they have the power. They count to three, and the sphere rises from the deep and disappears into outer space. Beth, Harry and Norman have successfully forgotten their power...perhaps.
tt0338095
Horror
College girlfriends Marie (Ccile de France) and Alex, or Alexia (Mawenn Le Besco), are on their way to stay at Alex's parent's house for the weekend. When they arrive, Alex gives Marie a tour of the house before they settle down for dinner. After dinner, Marie and Alex get ready to go to bed. As Alex sleeps, Marie lies on her bed listening to music and masturbating. Marie hears a doorbell ring and Alex's father responding. The man at the door is a serial killer (Philippe Nahon), who slashes Alex's father and decapitates him. Marie hears all this from her bedroom. She arranges her room to make it appear that no one is staying there, and hides under her bed. The killer inspects Marie's room but doesn't find her. Marie creeps downstairs and finds Alex chained in her bedroom. Promising to find help, she sneaks into the parent's room to find a phone. After hearing loud thuds, she hides in the closet, and witnesses the killing of Alex's mother. Alex's younger brother escapes the house but is followed to the fields by the killer and shot. Alex is dragged into the killer's truck. Marie sneaks into the truck with a butcher knife and hides there with Alex. When the killer stops at an all-night gas station to refuel his small truck, Marie hands Alex the knife and sneaks into the gas station before him. While hiding behind a row, she witnesses the killer talk for a while to the convenence store clerk before paying for the fuel, and then when the clerk goes to one of the locked shelves to aquire a bottle of whisky that the killer asks for, the killer viciously kills the clerk with a fire axe. Marie hides in a downstairs restroom while the killer goes to releave himself. After the killer drives away, Marie tries calling the police, but becomes frustrated and hangs up. Marie takes the clerk's car keys and chases the killer down a deserted road. The killer notices Marie following him, and rams into Marie's vehicle, pushing her car off the road injuring her with a minor head wound. Exiting on foot, Marie runs into the forest, and the killer follows her. Eventually, Marie mortally wounds the killer with a pole that has barbed wire wrapped around it. As Marie inspects the body, he grabs at her throat, so Marie suffocates him with a plastic sheet. After that, she makes her way back to the truck. Meanwhile, the police investigating the gas station murders view the in-store videotape... and see Marie murdering the store clerk. At the truck, Marie unties Alex. As soon as Alex is free, she threatens Marie with the knife and accuses her of butchering her family. Alex slashes Marie's face and stabs her in the stomach before running into the forest. Marie/The Killer chases Alex with a concrete saw. Alex finds a road and flags down a car. As Alex is climbing into the car, Marie appears brandishing the concrete saw. Marie shoves the concrete saw through the wind shield and disembowels the driver. A stray piece of glass slices Alex's Achilles tendon. Alex takes a crowbar from the car's toolbox and crawls along the road. Marie forces Alex to tell her that she loves her, and kisses her. While engaged in the kiss, Alex lunges the crowbar into the killer's chest and through her back while the killer proclaims how she'll never let anyone come between them. The final scene shows the scarred Marie in a psychiatric hospital room, and Alex watching her through a one way mirror. Marie grins and reaches for Alex, aware that she is behind it.
tt0084865
Comedy,Music,Musical
Set in 1934 Paris, France, the film opens with Richard di Nardo, a young gay hustler, emerging from the bed of gay middle-aged Carroll Todd (Robert Preston), a.k.a. Toddy after spending the night Richard dresses, steals some money from Toddy's wallet and leaves Toddy's apartment. Going about his day, Toddy, a performer at Chez Lui in Paris, sees Labisse, the club owner, auditioning a frail, impoverished soprano, Victoria Grant (Julie Andrews), an British national. After the audition, Labisse drily writes her off, and she responds by sustaining a pitch to shatter his wine glass using resonant frequency. Victoria reluctantly returns to her apartment to find herself deciding whether or not to trade her rent money for an Italian dish. That night, Richard comes to Chez Lui as part of a straight foursome and the jealous Toddy incites a brawl by insulting Richard and the women in his group. After the police raid the place and close it down, Labisse fires Toddy and bans him from the club. Walking home, he spots Victoria dining at a local restaurant, and she invites him to join her. As neither of them can pay for the meal, she dumps a cockroach in her salad to avoid paying their check, but it escapes and the whole place breaks out in havoc. The duo run out through the rain to Toddy's, and he invites her to stay when she finds that the rain has shrunk her cheap clothes. The next morning Richard shows up to collect his things. Victoria, who is wearing his clothes, hides in Toddy's closet. When she thinks that Richard might harm Toddy, she ambushes Richard and literally kicks him out. Witnessing this, Toddy is struck with the inspiration of passing Victoria off as a man (the illusion convinced Richard who stumbles downstairs to his friends waiting in the car claiming a strange man wearing his clothes hit him) and presenting her to Andre Cassell (John Rhys-Davies), the most successful agent in Paris, as a female impersonator. Cassell accepts her as Count Victor Grazinski, a gay Polish female impersonator and Toddy's new boyfriend. Cassell gets her a nightclub show and invites a collection of club owners to the opening. Among the guests is King Marchand (James Garner), an owner of multiple clubs in Chicago, who is in league with the mob. King attends with his ditzy moll Norma Cassidy (Lesley Ann Warren) and burly bodyguard Bernstein (Alex Karras), a.k.a. Squash. Victor is a hit, and King is smitten, but devastated and incredulous when she is "revealed" as a man at the end of her act. King is convinced that "Victor" is not a man. After a quarrel with Norma and his subsequent failure with her later that night, King sends her back to America. Determined to get the truth of Victor's gender, King sneaks into Victoria and Toddy's suite and confirms his suspicion when he spies her getting into the bath. He keeps his knowledge secret and invites Victoria, Toddy, and Cassell to Chez Lui, where Toddy is now welcomed due to Victor's status as a big star. Another fight breaks out with exactly the same foursome as before; Squash and Toddy are arrested with the bulk of the club clientele, but King and Victoria escape. King kisses Victoria pretending that he does not care about Victoria's gender (although he of course actually knows that she is a woman), leading them to get together. Squash returns to the suite later that night after posting his bail and catches King with Victoria in bed. King tries to explain, but soon receives a shocker himself: Squash reveals himself to be gay! Meanwhile, Labisse hires a P.I., Charles Bovin, to investigate 'Victor'. Victoria and King live together for a while, but keeping up the public act of Victoria being a man strains the relationship and King ends it. Back in Chicago, Norma tells King's club partner Sal Andretti (Norman Chancer), that King is having an affair with Victor. Also, Squash learns the truth about Victoria, but develops a romance with Toddy. Although King and Victoria are in love, things start to get complicated: Victoria is unwilling to give up her Victor persona since its made her a star, and King wishes she would drop it, for their sake and his (being seen with a homosexual was not a good thing back in the 1930s). Both attempt to keep the relationship short-term and do gay stuff together, but eventually things get too unfulfilling and frustrating for them. To make matters worse, Labisse suspects Victor of being the singer he had rejected... after a waiter at club, who used to work at the same restaurant where Victoria and Toddy met and used the cockroach to avoid paying for the meal, recognizes her and reports it to Labisse. So, Labisse hires a private investigator to investigate 'Victor'. At the same time that Victoria has decided to give up the persona of Victor in order to be with King, Sal arrives and demands that King transfer his share of the empire to Sal for a small portion of its worth. Squash tells Victoria what's happening, and she interrupts the paperwork signing to show Norma that she is really a woman, and prevent King from having to lose his stake. That night at the club Cassell tells Toddy and Victoria that Labisse has lodged a complaint against him and "Victor" for perpetrating a fraud. The complaint comes The Inspector tells Labisse that the performer is a man and Labisse is an idiot. In the end, Victoria joins King in the club as her real self. King is stunned, as moments earlier, the announcer had said that Victor was going to perform. Toddy is revealed as the performer, having masqueraded as "Victor" to fool the Inspector. After an intentionally disastrous, but hilarious performance, Toddy claims that this is his last performance. The film ends with King, Squash, Victoria, Cassell and the public applauding enthusiastically.
tt0486674
Comedy,Drama
A Hollywood producer, Ben, witnesses a poor test screening for his new film, Fiercely, mostly caused by the fact that its ending features its main character (played by Sean Penn, who plays himself in the film) being graphically shot dead, along with his pet dog. Ben and his maverick British director, Jeremy Brunell, plead their case to studio executive Lou Tarnow, who threatens to pull it from Cannes and hire an independent editor to re-do the film unless at least the dog's death is removed. Jeremy adamantly refuses, evidently not realizing that the only reason Ben let him put it in there was so that the studio would overlook the film's other violent content. Adding to Ben's problems, he is having trouble making a clean break from Kelly, his second wife, and Bruce Willis is refusing to shave the large, thick beard that he has grown, which will result in the studio pulling the plug on their new project, and in turn put a certain end to Ben's career. Any attempt to reason with Willis inevitably meets a violent, foul-mouthed response. The situation with Fiercely is eventually remedied when Jeremy relents and re-edits the final shots to have the dog running up to Penn's character after Penn is fatally wounded instead of before, and ending without the dog being harmed. However, another problem arises when Ben discovers that his wife is also having sexual relations with Scott Solomon, a married screenwriter who Ben has previously worked with. Scott has a screenplay that he's trying to get off the ground, to which Brad Pitt later becomes attached. Ben tries to get Willis's agent, Dick Bell to reason with him and get the beard removed, but his efforts only get Dick fired. Nonetheless, Willis does eventually shave his beard off, and the film goes ahead. A week later, Ben, Lou and Jeremy attend Cannes, hopeful that they might take a Palme d'or award. Unfortunately, Jeremy has re-edited the film again without the knowledge of Ben or Lou, and the third version of the ending not only features Penn's character and the dog being killed, but is made even more violent with the addition of nearly a full minute of bullets being shot into their bodies. However, the response is not entirely negative, and despite abuse being shouted by some audience members, many eagerly applaud the final version of the film, as does Penn (although any chance of a Palme d'or is now obviously gone). Lou on the other hand is not impressed, and immediately flies out of Cannes on the studio's private jet, leaving Ben stranded in France. Ben eventually does make it back home, in time for a photoshoot of Hollywood's top thirty producers with Vanity Fair, although after the magazine's publishers hear about the debacle in Cannes Ben is relegated to the far edge of the photo, meaning he won't be on the magazine's cover and will be barely noticeable in the larger inside version. Ben's voiceover, as the film ends, comments that this represents him nearly, but not quite being pushed out of Hollywood. During the film's post script as narrated by Ben, he reveals that Fiercely turned out to be a major blockbuster but its success doesn't stop Jeremy from having a run in with the law. Emotionally unstable, Jeremy is revealed to be holding drugs in his suitcase and he's stopped at the airport, and he is sentenced to rehab. But Jeremy, according to Ben, is considering several offers to direct other projects after Fiercely's success and Ben would work with him again. Lou Tarnow becomes the recipient of a major award for ushering in maverick talent like Jeremy and putting out successful, cutting edge material although this previously contradicts her dislike of Jeremy's work. Meanwhile, Brad Pitt drops out of the film project that was written by Scott, who falls into a deep depression and starts drinking heavily while living with Ben's ex-wife. He is subsequently kicked out for this behavior. Dick Bell on the other hand, still suffers from excruciating stress-induced stomach pain that prompts him to pull over to the side of the road while on a date.
tt0116409
Adventure,Drama,Thriller
Sir Robert Beaumont, the primary financier of the railroad project, is furious because his railroad is not being completed on schedule. He has sought out the expertise of Patterson, a military engineer, to get the project back on track. Beaumont tells Patterson that if he doesn't get the bridge built on time, Beaumont will use all of his power and influence to destroy Patterson's reputation as an engineer. Patterson travels by train to the outpost station, where he is enthusiastically greeted by camp supervisor Angus Starling. When they arrive in Tsavo, Starling introduces Patterson to the first team supervisor, Samuel (the movie's narrator). Samuel is one of the few men at the work site who is respected and trusted by everyone. Patterson also meets the camp's doctor, David Hawthorne, who tells the colonel that he's brought bad luck with him. The doctor shows him a man who was attacked by a lion. The colonel assures the doctor that he will "sort it out". That night, Patterson kills a lion using only one shot from his .303 Enfield rifle. This raises the camp's morale. However, not long afterwards Mahina, the construction foreman, is dragged from his tent in the middle of the night. His half-eaten body is found the next morning. Patterson then attempts a second night-time lion hunt, but the next morning another worker is found dead at the opposite end of the camp from Patterson's position. Later, a huge male lion attacks the camp, creating panic among the workers and capturing one of them. Patterson, Starling, and Samuel run down the lion and find it feeding on the dead worker. Patterson is about to shoot it when a second lion attacks them and kills Starling. Both lions escape. Shortly afterwards, Beaumont, who has come to Africa to find out why the railroad is not making any progress, says he will contact a big game hunter known as Remington to get the job done. That evening Patterson attempts to trap the lions in a modified box car, but the workers who are supposed to kill the lions are too scared to do it properly. Remington arrives, bringing with him some skilled Maasai warriors to help hunt the lions. The men spend all night preparing themselves for the hunt. The hunt goes badly when a rifle Patterson has borrowed from Dr. Hawthorne misfires, almost resulting in his death. Believing the lions are supernatural, the Maasai warriors abandon Remington to hunt the lions on their own. That evening Remington and Patterson take up a watch in the camp's old hospital which they have cleared of patients and doused with blood in an effort to lure the lions. However, the lions attack the new hospital and kill both the patients and Dr. Hawthorne. The entire population of workers evacuate the camp the next day, leaving Patterson, Remington and Samuel behind to deal with the lions. Patterson and Remington set off towards the mountains and at last successfully locate the lions' den, which they find filled with piles of human and animal remains. Horrified, they conclude that the lions are killing people for "the pleasure" of it and hoarding the skeletons as trophies. The next evening, Patterson waits on a high wooden platform in a clearing, hoping to attract the lions with a captive baboon tethered to a pole on the ground, while Remington and Samuel keep watch from positions around the edge of the clearing. Remington succeeds in killing one lion, and the three men celebrate by getting drunk. Awakening the next morning, Patterson and Samuel discover that Remington has apparently been dragged from his tent and killed by the remaining lion during the night. Grief stricken over Remington's death and now desperate to end the bloodshed, Patterson decides to burn the tall grass surrounding the camp in order to drive the lion towards the camp where he hopes to ambush it. Patterson and Samuel are soon attacked by the beast on the partially constructed bridge. Patterson shoots and wounds the lion with a howdah pistol. But the lion quickly retaliates, knocking Patterson's weapons away and chasing him off the bridge. Patterson and Samuel manage to climb into two separate trees, but when Patterson looks down he is shocked to see the lion climbing up the tree after him. Samuel tries to throw Patterson his own rifle but it falls to the ground. Patterson jumps from the tree and retrieves the rifle just in time to shoot the lion as it leaps down to kill him. At the end of the film, Patterson greets his wife and son at the Tsavo station. The final moments of the film have Samuel explaining that the lions are now on display at the Field Museum in Chicago, Illinois and that even today "if you dare lock eyes with them, you will be afraid."
tt0105665
Drama,Horror,Mystery
A body wrapped in plastic floats down a river in Washington State. It is 17-year-old Teresa Banks (Pamela Gidley). FBI Regional Bureau Chief Gordon Cole (David Lynch) calls Agent Chester Desmond (Chris Isaak) about the mysterious murder of Teresa Banks in the town of Deer Meadow. At a small airport, Cole introduces Chester to his new partner, Sam Stanley (Kiefer Sutherland), and they receive clues from Lil the dancer. During the drive to Deer Meadow, Chet explains to Sam most of the clues Lil provided, but he does not explain the blue rose pinned to Lil's red dress. After difficulty with the local sheriff's department, namely Sheriff Cable and his Deputy Howard, Desmond and Stanley eventually view Teresa's body at a morgue. They verify that her skull was crushed, note a spot on her finger where she must have worn a ring that is not logged among the items found on her person at the time of death and discover a tiny square of paper stuck under her fingernail, upon which is typed the letter "T." Late that night after completing the autopsy, Desmond and Stanley travel to Hap's Diner where Teresa worked the late shift and question the middle-aged chain-smoking owner Irene (Sandra Kinder) about Teresa. Irene tells the two agents that Teresa only worked at the diner for a month but may have had a drug problem. Irene refers to Teresa's murder as a "freak accident." Irene also tells Desmond and Stanley that Teresa's left arm went completly numb three days before her death. In the morning, the agents travel to the Fat Trout Trailer Park where Teresa lived. The cranky owner Carl Rodd (Harry Dean Stanton) gives them access to her trailer. Carl serves them coffee, but he is not very helpfull in telling them much about Teresa. They notice a photo of Teresa wearing a large gold ring with a green stone on the forefinger of her left hand. This was likely the ring she was wearing when she died that is now missing. Stanley leaves Deer Meadow after finishing his part in the investigation, while Desmond remains behind. Desmond returns to the trailer park to ask Carl about Deputy Howard's trailer. While wandering around alone, Desmond discovers Teresa's missing ring under a trailer, but when he touches it he disappears. The following day at FBI headquarters in Philadelphia, Agent Dale Cooper (Kyle MacLachlan) tells Gordon about a strange dream he had the night before. Long-lost Agent Phillip Jeffries (David Bowie) suddenly re-appears. He questions Dale Cooper's identity before telling Cole about a meeting he witnessed in a dream. As he explains, we see images of the Man from Another Place (Michael J. Anderson), BOB (Frank Silva), Mrs. Chalfont (Frances Bay), and her grandson. Jeffries begins to scream and disappears as we see shots of electrical lines. Desmond is reported missing and Agent Dale Cooper is sent to Deer Meadow to investigate his disappearance. After Cooper talks with Carl Rodd at the trailer park about a lot on the property, now vacant, where two successive families named Chalfont both kept trailers, he sees the words "Let's Rock" written in lipstick on the windshield of Desmond's abandoned car. The clues to Teresa Banks' murder lead to a dead end. One year later in Twin Peaks, 17-year-old high school homecoming queen Laura Palmer (Sheryl Lee) and her best friend Donna Hayward (Moira Kelly) return to school. Laura snorts cocaine and secretly meets with James Hurley (James Marshall). After school, Laura talks with Donna about the difference between Hurley and Laura's actual boyfriend, the dopey Bobby Briggs (Dana Ashbrook). Later that day, Laura realizes pages are missing from her secret diary and tells her friend, an agoraphobe she met through her volunteer work with Meals on Wheels named Harold Smith (Lenny von Dohlen), about it. She claims BOB took the pages. Harold tells Laura that BOB is not real. Laura argues that BOB is real and says that he told her if she does not let him be her, he will kill her. When Harold argues, Laura appears to become possessed-- her face changes color and she growls, "Fire walk with me!" Returning to normal and visibly shaken, Laura gives Harold her diary to keep. She leaves, stating she does not know when, or if, she will return. In Philadelphia, Cooper tells fellow agent Albert Rosenfeld (Miguel Ferrer) that he believes the killer will strike again and describes the appearance of the person he believes the victim will be. It is clear that Cooper practices unorthodox, most likely paranormal, methods of acquiring this information. Back in Twin Peaks on her Meals on Wheels rounds, Laura sees Mrs. Chalfont and her grandson in the diner parking lot. Chalfont gives Laura a painting of an empty room with a door, and her grandson informs Laura that the "man behind the mask" is in Laura's room. Laura runs home and peeks into her bedroom. She sees BOB, who leers at her as he looks up from behind her dresser where she used to keep her diary. Laura rushes outside in terror and hides near a hedge. Moments later, her father, Leland (Ray Wise), emerges from the house. Laura realizes that her father could be BOB. Later that evening, at the Palmer family dinner table, Leland, upon seeing the half-heart necklace James gave her, menaces Laura and questions her about her "lovers." Looking at her finger, Leland insinuates there is dirt underneath the nail. Sarah Palmer (Grace Zabriskie) pleads with her husband to leave Laura alone and Laura appears speechless with horror. Later, Leland sits on the edge of his bed rocking back and forth until he suddenly begins to weep (his original personality having re-emerged). He goes into his daughter's bedroom and tells her he loves her. After he is gone, Laura looks at a picture of an angel on her wall and asks if Leland is really BOB. Remembering the picture she received from Mrs. Chalfont that she left near the hedge, Laura goes outside to get it. After hanging it on her wall, she falls asleep. She dreams about entering the Black Lodge and about a ring. Suddenly, Cooper enters the room and we see the Man from Another Place. He tells Cooper that the Man from Another Place is "the arm", and he utters an Indian whooping sound. The Man from Another Place offers the ring to Laura, but Cooper warns her not to take it. Laura finds Annie Blackburn (Heather Graham) next to her in bed, covered in blood. Annie tells Laura to write in her diary that "the good Dale" (Cooper) is trapped in the Black Lodge and can't leave. Laura sees the ring in her hand and is frightened. Hearing the muffled cry of her mother, Laura goes to her bedroom door. She is suddenly in the painting. When she turns she sees herself sleeping peacefully in her bed. Laura awakens in the morning, and the ring is gone from her hand. Disturbed, she removes the painting from her wall. Meanwhile, Bobby, Leo Johnson (Eric DaRe), and Jacques Renault (Walter Olkewicz) discuss drug scores. Bobby first phones Leo asking to score more drugs, but Leo hangs up on him. Bobby then calls Jacques at the Roadhouse, who agrees to send someone to meet with him in "two days midnight at the sound of sawing wood." That evening, Laura is alone at home, dressed for a night out. Donna drops by, announcing that she wishes to accompany her, but Laura, annoyed, says she is not invited. Laura heads off alone to the Bang Bang Bar. As she is about to enter the bar, she encounters the Log Lady (Catherine E. Coulson), who compares the evil influences in Laura's life to a forest fire. Inside the bar, Jacques introduces Laura to two men. The group is about to leave for the Pink Room to have sex, but Donna shows up and the men in the group, impressed by her "audition" kiss, figure she's ready to party and invite her along. In the Pink Room, Laura discusses Teresa Banks' murder with Ronette Pulaski (Phoebe Augustine) while they both receive oral sex under the table. Ronette says that Teresa was blackmailing someone and planned to become rich that way. Laura sees one of Jacques' friends kissing Donna, who is sprawled on a table with her breasts exposed-- something snaps in Laura. She leaps to her feet in outrage, screaming at Donna not to wear her stuff, then yanks her jacket off of her drunken, oblivious friend, calling an end to the evening. The next morning, Donna awakens at home with no memory of the latter portion of the night due to the rufies their dates slipped into her beer. Laura tells Donna that she does not want Donna to become like her. Leland arrives to collect Laura and the sight of Laura and Donna talking triggers a memory of Ronette and Laura laughing on a bed together during their days turning tricks. Leland takes Laura to breakfast. On the way there, MIKE (Al Strobel), the one-armed man, shouts madly at Leland from his pick up truck during a traffic jam at the stoplight in town. Mike accuses Leland of stealing corn. He tells Laura: "The look on her face when it was opened. . . There was a stillness like the formica table top." He shouts at Leland: "the thread will be torn!" Showing Laura the ring, Mike attempts to tell her that her father is BOB, but both Leland and Laura scream, preventing her from hearing. Leland pulls into a gas station parking lot to gather his wits and recalls his affair with Teresa (in a long flashback sequence). After having set up a foursome with Teresa's friends, Leland fled in fear when he discovered Laura was one of them. This led to Teresa's discovering who her "John" really was. Leland is the man she was blackmailing. Back in the present, sensing a change in her father's behavior, Laura questions him about seeing him on the day she found BOB looking for the diary. Later that night, Laura realizes the ring she saw on the hand of the one-armed man was the same one from her dream. At the same time, Leland remembers killing Teresa. The next night, Laura and Bobby take cocaine in the woods, and Jacques sends a drug messenger (the Sherriff's deputy Howard) from Deer Meadow, carrying an enormous amount of cocaine. Howard takes out a gun intending to kill him, but Bobby's quicker on the draw-- he shoots the Deputy dead and futilely tries to bury him as Laura laughs, high as a kite. She keeps telling Bobby "You killed Mike!" until this appears to make some kind of sense to Bobby for reasons never fully explained. The following morning, James arrives at Laura's house on his motorcycle and expresses worry about Laura taking drugs. But she tells him off, and he rides away while Leland watches them from the living room window. That evening, Leland gives his wife valium to sedate her. She falls into a stuporous sleep (after seeing a white horse in her bedroom). Leland walks into the hallway to turn on the fan. BOB comes through Laura's window and begins to rape her. She realizes BOB has taken over her father. The next morning, distraught, Laura quietly warns Leland to stay away from her. Leland finally realizes that Laura knows. Upset over the realization her father is actually his alter ego BOB, Laura cannot concentrate at school. Laura later refuses sex with Bobby, and he finally realizes that Laura was using him to get cocaine, causing him to hand over his own stash, seemingly cutting their ties. Laura arrives home and goes to her bedroom where she sees that the angel in the painting on her wall has disappeared. High on coke, Laura is preparing to meet Leo and Jacques when she receives a phone call from James, who demands to meet with her. At 9:30 pm, James picks up Laura outside her house and rides away with her while Leland watches nearby. In the woods, Laura tells James "his Laura" is gone. Laura also blurts out that Bobby "killed a guy" two nights ago. James and Laura continue to ride around on his motorcycle, but Laura jumps off the bike while it is stopped at the red traffic light at the corner of Sparkwood and 21st Street. Screaming that she loves him, Laura runs away from James, and travels deeper into the woods. Laura meets Ronette, Jacques, and Leo, and they all drive in Leo's red Corvette to Jacques' cabin where they engage in an orgy as Leland watches from outside. Jacques wants to have hard sex and ties Laura up. Leland attacks Jacques outside, sneaking up behind him and knocking him out with a liquor bottle. Leo sees Jacques laying on the ground outside and flees in panic. Leland takes Laura and Ronette, both bound, to the train car. Meanwhile, the one-rmed man, Mike, realizes that BOB / Leland is about to kill again and chases after him. As Leland is tying Laura up a second time, she asks Leland if he is going to kill her. He does not answer. Leland places a mirror in front of her. She screams after seeing her reflection turn into BOB. BOB is real. He tells Laura that he wants her. Ronette prays. She breaks down, stating that she is not ready to die because she is "dirty". Suddenly an angel appears in the train car as all actions stop. The angel causes both Ronette and Laura's hands to become unbound. Hearing Mike outside begging to be let in, Ronette, now free, is able to help him open the door. When Leland sees Ronette trying to let him in, he knocks her unconscious and kicks her out of the train car. Mike is able to use this moment to throw in his ring. Laura, whose hands are also free now, dons the ring, preventing BOB from becoming her. Angered that he can't be her, BOB kills her as he promised by stabbing her repeatedly. Laura dies. Mike slips away. Leland, ignoring Ronette's unconcious body, drags Laura's body away from the train car. BOB/Leland places Laura's body in the lake. As her corpse drifts away, BOB / Leland enters the Black Lodge in the circle of small trees, where he encounters Mike and the Man from Another Place (who is seated at Mike's left side as the aforementioned "arm"). They tell BOB they want all their garmonbozia ("pain and sorrow"). BOB heals Leland's wound. Laura's body washes up on the lakeshore, where it is found by the Sheriff's department the following morning (in the very first scene of the TV series). In the final scene, Laura's well-dressed spirit later sits in the Black Lodge and notices Agent Cooper at her side; he has a hand on her shoulder. Laura looks deeply saddened until her own angel appears, and she begins to cry and then laugh. The film ends with Laura's face in white.
tt0218839
Comedy
Best in Show is presented as a documentary of five dogs and their owners destined to show in the Mayflower Kennel Club Dog Show, held in Philadelphia. The documentary jumps between the owners as they prepare to leave for the show, arriving at the hotel, and preparing backstage before their dog takes the show. The owners and their dogs include: Gerry and Cookie Fleck (Eugene Levy, Catherine O'Hara), with their Norwich Terrier Winky. They are a middle-class couple from Florida who run into monetary problems and are forced to sleep in the hotel's storage room when they finally arrive. Throughout the film, they encounter men that Cookie had slept with during her youth. Meg and Hamilton Swan (Parker Posey, Michael Hitchcock), with their Weimaraner Beatrice. An upper-class, stereotypical yuppie couple, they take great care in Beatrice (although really just confusing and aggravating her with their neurotic behavior), going as far as taking her to a therapist after she saw Meg and Hamilton have sex. At the show, the Swans believe that Beatrice will become unnerved without her favorite toy, the "Busy Bee", and frantically search for a replacement for it before the show. Harlan Pepper (Christopher Guest) and his Bloodhound Hubert. The Peppers have raised bloodhounds for generations, and Harlen continues the tradition, though he has aspirations of becoming a ventriloquist. Sherri Ann (Jennifer Coolidge) and Leslie Ward (Patrick Cranshaw) Cabot with their standard poodle Rhapsody in White (a.k.a. Butch), a two-time winner of the show in the past. Sherri Ann is a luscious big-breasted blonde, having the elderly Leslie as her sugar daddy. She is primarily worried about giving Rhapsody a makeover; however, trainer Christy Cummings (Jane Lynch) makes sure the dog is ready for the show, while Leslie stays utterly oblivious and apathetic. Over the course of the film, the fake couplehood between Sherri Ann and Leslie crumples while Sherri Ann's romantic involvement with Christy becomes apparent. Scott Donlan (John Michael Higgins) and Stefan Vanderhoof (Michael McKean) and their Shih Tzu. The gay couple takes great pride in their dog, and are confident that she will win the competition. They gossip about the other participants throughout the film. The owners and their dogs all arrive in time for the show, which is hosted by Trevor Beckwith (Jim Piddock), and "color" commentator Buck Laughlin (Fred Willard). During the first round, Beatrice is disqualified when Hamilton cannot control her, but the other four dogs advance to the final round. Just before the finals, Cookie stumbles and insists that Gerry take over for her. Though the audience is initially awed by seeing Gerry's "two left feet" (the result of a birth defect), ultimately Winky takes Best in Show. Afterwards, the film explores what each character is doing after the competition. Gerry and Cookie returned home to Florida and were overcome with attention after the victory. They go on to record, in amusingly bad style, songs about dogs. Sherri Ann and Christy have entered into a partnership and publish a magazine for lesbian dog owners called Modern Bitch. Harlan fulfills his dreams and becomes a ventriloquist, entertaining sparse crowds with a honky tonk song and dance number. Hamilton and Meg Swan have found a new dog, one that enjoys watching them make love, and are sure it will be a winner. Stefan and Scott are in the process of designing a calendar featuring Shih Tzu dogs appearing in scenes, with appropriate costume, from famous classic films, such as Gone with the Wind and Casablanca.
tt1082853
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Seriously does anyone even know how to write a synopsis? What is "Synopsis"?? Different from Plot Outline, the new Synopsis feature is the place to add a DETAILED description of the ENTIRE plot of the title, including spoilers, so users who haven't seen a movie or missed an episode of a TV series can read everything about the title from start to ending. A synopsis must include exclusively details of the story of the film. However everything I read on here looks like it's copied from the back of the DVD box. Mike Flux (Steve Zahn) works at his parents' motel as the night manager. One day he sees Sue (Jennifer Aniston), who is staying at the motel for the weekend. He develops a crush on her and surprises her at her door with a bottle of wine. She's initially flabbergasted by his advances, and rushes to get him out of her room. He returns the next day, trying the same trick with champagne, and this time she allows him to touch her butt momentarily. As she heads back home the next day she decides to go back and have sex with Mike in the laundry room. Mike realizes his feelings for Sue and flies to her home in Baltimore. She's shocked to see him there, but out of courtesy allows him to stay with her until morning when he can go back home. After spending some time together they get to know each other better as friends, and soon after Mike returns home, Sue stays at the motel again. They decide to go out and have fun. Mike's mother (Margo Martindale) is very sick, and the two stop by her home to see her. She approves of Sue, and tells Mike that he needs to find happiness in his life. Soon after Sue leaves, Mike's mother passes away. Mike decides to make a change in his life and go after Sue once again. Mike learns that Sue has gotten back together with her old boyfriend, Jango (Woody Harrelson), a former punk rocker turned successful businessman in Aberdeen, WA. Mike settles into the new town by taking a job at a Chinese restaurant. The son of the owners, Al (James Hiroyuki Liao), befriends him and allows Mike to stay in the restaurant's basement. Mike skydives into Sue and Jango's pool to surprise her, but Jango responds by attacking him with an airsoft gun. Feeling bad about what he did, Jango invites Mike and Al over for dinner. Jango knows Mike has feelings towards Sue and threatens him. Regardless of the threat, Mike, with help from Al, sings a song for Sue outside her window later that night. Sue meets up with Mike the next day, informing him, that she and Jango are getting married. Sue is pregnant, and she wants to be with someone that's in control of his life. In anger, Mike tells Sue to leave. After spending four months in a Buddhist monastery, Mike returns to the motel, now being run solely by his father (Fred Ward). After talking about moving on with their lives, Mike's father hands him the deed to the motel. Mike decides to turn the motel into a homeless shelter, something Sue had mentioned always wanting to do. Mike calls her at home to tell her, but Jango answers the phone. He reveals that Sue has left him and is living with her mother. Mike makes his way to Sue's home to ask her for help with the shelter. She's happy to see him and tells him that she loves him. Mike tells her he loves her and only wants to take care of her and her baby. The story ends as they embrace. It's amazing what you can find on Wikipedia...
tt1220888
Comedy,Crime,Drama
Working the night shift as a toll collector on a lonely stretch of highway in Buffalo, New York, Henry is a man seemingly without ambition, dreams or purpose; a man sleepwalking his way through life. When two friends get out of his car, supposedly to get some money at an ATM, they rob the bank, and Henry is arrested for supposedly participating in it. Rather than give up the names of the real culprits, Henry takes the fall and goes to jail. There, he meets the irrepressible Max, a con man who's grown far too comfortable with the familiarity and security of his idyllic life behind bars, but one who also helps plant an idea in Henrys mind which will change his life forever: for a man to find his purpose, he must first have a dream. Upon his release one year later, Henry finds his purpose. Having done the time, he decides he may as well do the crime. Discovering a long forgotten bootleggers tunnel which runs from the very same bank to a theater across the alleyway, he convinces the reluctant Max to file for his long overdue parole and then recruits his former cellmate to help stage a robbery. Henry becomes actor in the theater's current production of "The Cherry Orchard" by Chekhov, to get access to the tunnel. However, he finds himself slowly falling for the productions mercurial leading lady, Julie.[1] One of Henry's "friends" helps clearing the tunnel from mud; he informs the other "friend", who insists in parcipating too. A retiring guard of the bank helps by informing the robbers when there is a lot of money in the vault. During the robbery the second "friend" uses a gun to try to take all the money himself, but he is overpowered and left behind in the vault. When the others drive off, Henry demands to stop the car, and he returns to Julie.
tt0085701
Drama,Horror
The film opens in a New York night club. The gothic rock band Bauhaus is onstage performing the song "Bela Lugosi's Dead". In the crowd are John and Miriam Blaylock (David Bowie, Catherine Deneuve). Stylishly dressed and predatory, they stalk the crowd and connect with a young couple (John Stephen Hill, Ann Magnuson). The couple takes them back to their home, where John and Miriam seduce them before viciously slashing their throats. John and Miriam are vampires, although not in any traditional sense; lacking fangs, they use ancient Egyptian pendants to cut open the jugulars of their victims. The center of their strange existence is Miriam. She is an immortal being, able to pass along her supernatural qualities to selected human beings that she chooses to be her lovers. However, her progeny are not truly immortal as she is, and sooner or later, usually after 300 years or so, they find themselves suddenly and rapidly getting old. However, the progeny are unable to die, but continue to live forever withered, in a fully conscious, vegetative state. Miriam packs their decaying, aging bodies in caskets that she keeps in the attic of her residence. In the 18th century, Miriam offered this gift of immortality to John, who eagerly accepted, as had all her previous lovers through the ages. Suddenly, John develops trouble sleeping, and starts aging at a rapid rate. Miriam is aware of the significance of this happening, and she goes looking for a famous gerontologist, Dr. Sarah Roberts (Susan Sarandon), desperately seeking her help for a cure for John's fast deterioration. She makes contact with Dr. Roberts, and through her psychic powers, finds out that the doctor is just guessing, and that her research is inconclusive. Therefore, John, as all her lovers before him, is doomed to extinction. John also attempts to meet with Dr. Roberts at her clinic, but she dismisses his claims as delusional and leaves him to sit in the waiting room, hoping that he will grow bored and leave. John ages decades within a few short hours, and when Sarah sees him later, she begs John to stay so she can examine him. But John refuses to speak to her, his hunger for blood nearly overpowering him and forcing him to leave in search of a victim. Driven by his bloodlust and desperation to reverse the aging process, John makes a kill out of young Alice (Beth Ehlers), a music student that he and Miriam are tutoring. Her blood does nothing to help John, and he eventually falls down a flight of stairs at the townhouse, his legs no longer able to support his own weight. Miriam carries John's withering body up to the attic and puts him in a casket, next to several other caskets containing her earlier lovers. Later on, when Dr. Roberts shows up at Miriam's door looking for John, Miriam sees in the doctor a replacement for John in her life; it is love at first sight for Miriam, and she immediately proceeds to seduce Sarah. Sarah is a willing participant in Miriam's seduction, but she doesn't know that Miriam has now transformed her into a vampire, just as she did to John and her other lovers. Lieutenant Allegrezza (Dan Hedaya) shows up at Miriam's house looking for Alice, and is immediately suspicious of Miriam, although he has no real proof of any wrongdoing. Meanwhile, Sarah begins to manifest symptoms of vampirism. She is ravenously hungry, but eating normal food makes her vomit. She also starts seeing Miriam everywhere she looks. Finally she confronts Miriam about what happened between them on that day, and Miriam vaguely states that she has given Sarah eternal life, and that they belong to one another now. Sarah rejects what Miriam has told her, but she does understand that something terrible has happened to her. Sarah and her partners at the clinic, including Sarah's boyfriend, Tom Haver (Cliff De Young), cannot find a cure for the change that is occurring in Sarah's blood, and in desperation Sarah returns to Miriam. Miriam arranges for Sarah to make her first kill, bringing back a male prostitute, but Sarah is unwilling to take a human life. Finally, Tom arrives at the townhouse looking for Sarah following her disappearance, and is surprised to find that Sarah is there. Miriam knows that Sarah's hunger is now beyond reason, and when she takes Tom to Sarah, Sarah kills him for his blood. Miriam is now convinced that she has found her new lover, and she tells Sarah that they will now share an eternity together. Sarah, however, is wracked with guilt over taking Tom's life, and she attempts suicide by cutting her own throat with Miriam's ankh as they kiss. Sarah's blood pours into Miriam's throat and then Sarah collapses. Miriam is horrified at what Sarah has done, but she dutifully carries Sarah's limp body into the attic to place her among her other dessicated lovers. This time, however, she finds her crumbling lovers now out of their coffins, waiting for her. The sudden intake of Sarah's blood has caused a change in Miriam. Suddenly released from Miriam's spell, the lovers crumble into dust as Miriam herself begins to wither. The film's conclusion shows Lieutenant Allegrezza returning to question Miriam, only to find that the townhouse is now mysteriously empty and up for sale, all of the luxurious furnishings in the home gone and the money funneled to the sleep clinic where Sarah, presumably missing, used to work. In the final shot, we see Sarah herself living in a high rise luxury apartment surrounded by several lovers, while Miriam, imprisoned in a coffin just as she did to her own lovers, screams for her release.
tt0126886
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Jim McAllister (Matthew Broderick) is a much-admired high school history teacher living in the suburbs of Omaha, Nebraska, who is actively involved in many after-school activities, one of which is overseeing the student government election process. Tracy Flick (Reese Witherspoon) is an overachieving junior with an insufferable air of self-importance. She lives with her bitter and divorced mother who encourages her to "to whatever it takes" to succeed in life. Earlier in the year, another teacher, Jim's best friend Dave Novotny (Mark Harelik) was fired from his job and divorced by his wife, Linda (Delaney Driscoll) after it came out that he and Tracy were having a sexual affair, while Tracy's reputation was unscathed. Against this backdrop, Tracy announces that she is running for student council president. Initially she is unopposed, as she is widely seen as the natural candidate for the job. When Tracy presents Mr. McAllister with her list of nominating signatures to qualify for the election ballot, she makes a remark about "working closely" together... which he interprets as an indication she may later try to seduce him as she did with Dave. Perhaps annoyed by Tracy's presumptuousness, and/or concerned that he might give in to this seduction and share the same fate as his friend Dave, Mr. McAllister decides to persuade junior Paul Metzler (Chris Klein), a slow-witted, but affable and popular football player to enter the race. Paul is unable to play football as he is recovering from a ski injury that resulted in his left leg being broken, and Mr. McAllister suggests a new way to explore his talents through student council. Although Paul is ambivalent at first, he agrees to run, much to Tracy's consternation. Meanwhile, Paul's adopted younger sister Tammy (Jessica Campbell) is rejected by her romantic interest Lisa (Frankie Ingrassia), who dismisses their time together as "experimenting." Lisa then engages in a passionate relationship with Paul. In retaliation, Tammy decides to run for school president as well. During a school assembly to hear the candidate's speeches, after Tracy only draws polite applause and Paul is barely able to read his speech, Tammy announces that the office of school president is useless and promises nothing, except to try and dissolve student government. The speech rallies the students to a standing ovation, but her subversive diatribe results in her getting a suspension from school. While working on another project after school, Tracy has an uncharacteristic fit of rage and destroys all of Paul's campaign posters. She then drives to a local power plant to dispose of the shredded posters in a nearby dumpster. Unbeknownst to Tracy, her attempted cover-up is witnessed by Tammy who was meditating near her favorite spot, an electric substation. The next day, when Mr. McAllister confronts Tracy about the missing posters and lectures her that "all of our actions can carry serious consequences," Tracy adamantly claims innocence, despite his insistence that all evidence points to her as the chief suspect. At that moment, Tammy knocks on the door and tells Mr. MacAllister she knows who tore down the posters. Tracy is asked to wait outside the room while Tammy speaks to Mr. McAllister. Tracy experiences a moment of sheer panic when she peers in the window only to see Tammy revealing the shredded posters. What Tracy can't hear is that Tammy is falsely confessing to a skeptical Mr. McAllister that it is she, not Tracy, who perpetrated the poster sabotage. As a result, Tammy is disqualified from the election and expelled from school. Tracy is now off the hook. But this clearly does not sit well with Jim, who still suspects Tracy is the guilty party. Meanwhile, Tammy's punishment of being sent to an all-girls Catholic school secretly pleases her and is the reason she took the blame for the vandalism. The day before the election, Linda Novotny asks Jim to come over to help unclog her bathtub drain. After Jim completes the job, Linda unexpectedly initiates a sexual liaison with him and then suggests that he book a motel room for them to continue their dalliance later that day, a proposition Jim himself had half-jokingly made to Linda shortly after her breakup with Dave. However, Linda apparently has a change of heart and is nowhere to be found when Jim arrives at her house to pick her up for their tryst. Not knowing where Linda could be, Jim walks into her backyard where he has the misfortune of being stung by a bee on his right eyelid, causing a terribly painful and unsightly allergic reaction. He then drives back to the motel and desperately tries to reach Linda by phone, but to no avail. Jim eventually returns to his own house later that evening only to find Linda and his wife (Molly Hagan) huddled together crying in the living room. Realizing that Linda has disclosed the infidelity to his wife and that he is no longer welcome at home, Jim spends a miserable night sleeping in his car outside Linda's house. The next day election day Jim oversees the counting of the ballots, though by now his right eyelid is grotesquely swollen and almost completely shut as a result of the bee sting. Paul had voted for Tracy, feeling that it would be arrogant to vote for himself. But this turns out to be a costly decision. The ballots are meticulously counted by a duo of student auditors, who determine that Tracy has prevailed by a single vote. It is then up to Jim to perform a final ballot count to certify the outcome. When Jim happens to spot Tracy dancing excitedly in the hall, he deduces that she may have been tipped off about the vote count. Angered by Tracy's unseemly display of glee and her dirty-tricks campaign tactics, Jim decides to take matters into his own hands by surreptitiously disposing of two of Tracy's ballots and declaring Paul the official victor. This turnabout elicits incredulity and shock from the two student auditors, who are certain that their original vote count was accurate. Tracy is shocked and despondent upon hearing the unexpected news of her defeat. Jim goes to the same motel he intended to commit adultery in, only this time to actually use it for lodging. The next morning, Jim wakes up and is confident of patching things up with his wife now that the election is behind him. However, the school janitor, to whom Jim had been unknowingly rude earlier by creating unneeded extra work for him, discovers the two discarded ballots in the trash and presents them to the principal. When Jim is confronted with the evidence of his fraudulent intervention, he admits everything and resigns from his job. The rigged election becomes a nationwide email trope, and as a result Jim's wife fails to forgive him. Divorced, publicly humiliated and ostracized by everyone he knows for this one half-hearted attempt to thwart Tracy's evil schemes to win the election, Jim leaves Nebraska forever, choosing to fulfill his longtime dream of moving to New York City, where he becomes a tour guide at the American Museum of Natural History and begins a quiet relationship with a new woman. After serving her senior year as the new hard-line and strict dictator-like class president, Tracy graduates at the top of her class and gets accepted into Georgetown University in Washington D.C., with a full scholarship and a desire to go into politics as both her major and future career, but she soon finds the experience disappointing. Despite having gotten everything she ever wanted in life, Tracy still has no friends, no social life, and cannot fit in anywhere at the university as most outgoing students there have slid-on-by connections. Tracy comes to accept the fact that it is indeed lonely being at the top of everything. Despite losing the student body president election, Paul enjoys a mostly happy-go-lucky senior year highlighted by being elected homecoming king and prom king, though he ends up getting dumped by his girlfriend, Lisa. After graduation, Paul gets into the University of Nebraska with a scholarship of his own where he joins a popular fraternity, makes many new friends, and resumes his career at playing football for the university. The misanthropic Tammy becomes romantically involved with a fellow student at the all-girls Catholic school that her parents made her enroll, and later runs away with her for places unknown. Jim's friend, Dave, moves to Milwaukee, Wisconsin and takes a low-paying job stocking shelves at a local supermarket. As the film draws to a close, the film skips forward seven years after Jim's dismissal from Nebraska where Jim recalls a final encounter he had with Tracy. On one cold winter day, Jim is at a conference in Washington D.C. and while walking the streets, he sees Tracy from a distance as she enters a limousine outside a fancy hotel with a congressman (revealed to be Mike Geiger, a Republican representative from Nebraska) whom she appears to work for as a member of his congressional staff. Suddenly enraged at the thought of Tracy, yet again, lying, cheating, seducing and manipulating her way into political success for her own selfish reasons, Jim hurls a soda cup at the limousine, and then makes a quick getaway. The film ends with Jim safely back in New York City at his tour guide job posing questions to a group of young elementary school children who are visiting the museum, deliberately ignoring the raised hand of an overeager little blonde-haired girl who reminds him of the ruthless and insufferable overachiever Tracy Flick.
tt0085407
Drama,Horror,Sci-Fi
In the Maine small town of Castle Rock, school teacher Johnny Smith (Christopher Walken) takes his fiance sweetheart Sarah (Brooke Adams) to an amusement park. On the roller coaster, he suffers a bad headache and tells her that he must go home to sleep it off. Sarah begs him to stay, but he declines saying: "some things are worth waiting for". As he drives home, a tanker jackknifes in front of him and he plows into it and black out. Johnny wakes up at the Weizak Clinic. His parents Herb and Vera (Sean Sullivan and Jackie Burroughs) are shown in by Dr. Sam Weizak (Herbert Lom). They tell him that he has been in a coma for five years and Sarah has married another man. The distraught Johnny is inconsolable. One day, as a nurse mops his brow he seizers her hand. He has a super-real vision of being trapped in a screaming girl's bedroom. He tells the nurse: "Amy needs your help." The nurse knows that Amy is her daughter's name, but puzzled why Johnny knows her. Johnny tells her that the house is burning, and her daughter is in the house - but it is not too late. The nurse rushes home to find her house in flames, but her daughter is rescued by firefighters just as she arrives home. After a few weeks of physical therapy, Johnny is able to walk again with some difficulty. When Johnny gratefully takes Dr Weizak's hand, he is jolted by another vision. It is wartime with burning buildings, advancing tanks. A protesting young boy is lifted into a horse-drawn cart, leaving his mother behind. Johnny tells Weizak that his mother survived. Weizak says that it is impossible, but Johnny knows her name and address. Weizak checks it out and it's true, but he cannot bring himself to speak to his elderly mother. Weizak comes back and tells Johnny: "you're either in possession of a very new human ability... or a very old one." Sarah comes to visit Johnny. Catching his stare, she asks him not to look at her that way. He says that he can't help it while Sarah says that it's been five years, but Johnny remembers it as yesterday. She says that she now has a five-year-old son, named Denny. Johnny takes it well. She tells him that his power of "second sight" is the talk of the town. Against Weizak's advice, Johnny gives a press conference to defuse the situation. Cynical TV reporter Dardis (Peter Dvorsky) demands a demonstration. Aware that he is being mocked, Johnny takes his hand and says "You wanna know why your sister killed herself?" Taken off guard, Dardis calls Johnny a freak. Johnny's distressed parents watch the event on their TV and his mother collapses. At the hospital, Johnny holds her hand as she dies. Johnny moves in with his father. A few days later, Sheriff Bannerman (Tom Skerritt) pays him a visit for his help to catch a serial killer known as the "Castle Rock killer". Johnny refuses. When Herb tells Johnny that he should use his power he's been blessed with, Johnny becomes furious. He thinks that his power is a curse, not a gift. One day, Sarah brings her son over when Walt (her husband) is out. She puts Denny to bed and says: "haven't we waited long enough?" They finally have sex for the first time in five years. After watching another TV program about the Castle Rock killer, Johnny changes his mind & calls Sheriff Bannerman and agrees to help. Bannerman and Officer Dodd (Nicholas Campbell) take him to the scene of the latest murder, but Johnny gets nothing - he advises Bannerman that in order to get something, he needs a physical article that the killer was in contact with. Bannerman is called to another murder scene at the park bandstand where there is a woman's frozen corpse. Dodd identifies the woman as Alma Frechette. John takes the dead woman's hand and instantly "sees" a man calling to her from the bandstand. "She knows him" says Johnny. He watches helplessly as she is killed with a pair of scissors. The killer is revealed to be Frank Dodd. As Bannerman calls for him, he leaves in his squad car. At Dodd's house, Johnny & Sheriff Bannerman arrive where his mother tries to prevent him from entering. Johnny takes her by the arm and sees that she knew her son was the killer all along and she has been protecting him. Mrs. Dodd calls Johnny a devil, sent from hell, and that her son has been killing all "dirty women" in Castle Rock for their sins at her own encouragement. In an upstairs bathroom, Dodd impales himself on the scissors just as Johnny forces himself into the room. Dodd's equally deranged mother takes his gun and shoots Johnny in his shoulder. Sheriff Bannerman runs in and is forced to shoot and kill her to save Johnny's life. Following this close brush with death, Johnny moves out of town to a remote cabin. His bullet injury eventually heals, but his headaches are getting worse. He takes private tutoring jobs, and he is persuaded by millionaire lumber mill owner Roger Stuart (Anthony Zerbe) to teach his introverted son Chris. Johnny arrives at the Stuart mansion as a loud and abrasive politician named Greg Stillson (Martin Sheen) is leaving. Johnny and Chris get along well, to Stuart's relief. Later, Johnny and Chris watch TV coverage to Stillson's campaign for state senator. Stuart says that Stillson is probably a liar and dangerous. In a local newspaper office, editor Brenner is confronted by Stillson and his henchman/sidekick Sonny who demand that he retract an anti-Stillson editorial in the next edition. Producing photographs of Brenner with a young woman (possibly manufactured), they threaten to "take his head off" if he doesn't do as they say. At one of Johnny's tutoring session with Chris, he gets interrupted by a knock on the front door and it is Sarah whom is a Stillson campaign volunteer bringing him a brochure to vote for Stillson. Another man appears at the door and Sarah introduces him as Walt, her husband. After an uneasy introduction, they leave and Johnny breaks down. As Chris hugs him for comfort, Johnny has another vision of kids in hockey uniforms and falling through the ice of a frozen lake. One of them is Chris. Johnny goes to Stuart and insists he call off the kids' ice hockey practice, or they'll drown. Stuart angrily fires Johnny despite Chris' pleas. The next day at a local news stand, Johnny reads a headline about two boys drowning in a skating accident. He calls Stuart's house, hanging up in relief when Chris answers. Apparently he heeded Johnny's warning not to go play hockey. Meanwhile, Stillson's next rally takes place in a park opposite Johnny's house. Looking for Sarah, Johnny finds himself in Stillson's path. As they shake hands, another vision strikes: at Camp David, President Stillson orders a general to co-authorize an all-out nuclear missile launch against the USSR and the entire world which will bring on Armageddon. The 5-star General, realizing Stillson is a psychopath, refuses, but the maniacal Stillson threatens to 'cut off [the general's hand] and put it on the [scanning screen]'. Reluctantly, the General complies, and the sadistic Stillson tells the Vice President & Secretary of Defence that 'the missiles are flying....Hallelujah! Hallelujah!!'. Horrified, Johnny is rooted to the spot. Stillson is shaken by Johnny's grasp, until Sonny pushes Johnny away. Johnny goes to Dr. Weizak where he asks him that if he could go back in time knowing what he knows, would he kill Adolf Hitler? Weizak answers, 'I would have no choice but to kill the sonofabitch.' He thinks that the "dead zone" in Johnny's visions means that as well as seeing the future, he can also change it. Johnny decides he must take drastic action to stop Greg Stillson before he becomes President of the USA and brings on the end of the world through nuclear war. He packs up his hunting rifle and takes a bus to the Castle Rock Civic Hall, then breaks into the hall where Stillson will appears the next day and lies in wait on the balcony with the rifle. As the hall fills, the charismatic Stillson arrives and invites Sarah and Denny onto the stage with him as he gives his speech. On the balcony, Johnny rises and takes aim. Sarah sees him and screams and as a result the shot misses. As the spectators panic and fleet the hall, the equally panicked Stillson snatches Denny from Sarah and uses him as a shield. Johnny hesitates to fire again, and gets shot by Sonny and other members of the security detail. Johnny falls from the balcony and lands on the floor onto some chairs. What no one else had seen was a young photographer shooting pictures of it all before running out of the hall. Paranoid as always, Stillson walks up and grabs Johnny after recognizing him from a few days ago and demands to tell him who hired him. Johnny grabs Stillson's wrist and has a final vision where he sees a drunken and distraught Stillson in his office where there is a Newsweek magazine on his desk. The front cover shows the photo of Stillson using Denny as a shield with the headline "No Future For Stillson". Beside the Newsweek magazine are other magazines and newspaper headlines with the same photo describing Stillson's despicable act of cowardice. Stillson takes a loaded .45-caliber handgun from his desk drawer, points it at his head, and commits suicide. Johnny smirks at Stillson and weakly says: "It's over. You're finished." Stillson then turns on Sonny Elliman, demanding to know where the photographer is. Sonny replies, disgustedly, 'I didn't seem him!', suggesting that he may be just as disgusted with his boss. Greg Stillson angrily berates Sonny before running out of the hall to hunt for the photographer himself. Sonny follows, leaving the hall empty except for Sarah, Denny & Johnny. As Sarah comes up to Johnny's side, she asks him, 'Why?'. Johnny simply whispers, 'Good-bye'. Sarah starts crying, but as she kneels down next to Johnny & hugs him, she whispers to him, 'I love you....' just before he dies. As Sarah grieves for Johnny, the film fades out & credits begin to scroll across the screen.
tt1032819
Drama
Jessica Biel (Home of the Brave, The Illusionist) stars as Rose Johnny, a stripper who has a son in a hospital, and has a torrid romance with Qwerty Doolittle (Eddie Redmayne). The film also features Forest Whitaker (The Air I Breathe) as a suicidal priest named Charlie, and Ray Liota (Battle in Seattle, Even Money) as an ex-con named Jack Doheny obsessed with Rose. Powder Blue is a lot like The Air I Breathe with Andy Garcia, and Sarah Michelle Gellar, in that the characters all randomly cross paths on Christmas eve. Some of the more interesting scenes in the film involve Charlie trying to attempt suicide with a transsexual hooker named Lexus (Alejandro Romero). Lexus finally ends up shooting herself instead of Charlie after talking about a failed love affair. Some of the strip scenes at the club, and private dances where Jack is getting off on Rose are kind of kinky. The final strip scene where Rose goes topless with some candle wax while Qwerty Doolittle watches is somewhat erotic, and also shows that Rose has feelings for Qwerty. Patrick Swayze also puts on a good performance as a sleazy strip club manager named Velvet Larry. Velvet forces Rose to be at work on Christmas eve so she cannot see her dieing son Billy (Chandler Canterbury). Jessical Biel, Eddie Redmayne, and Forest Whitaker really give outstanding performances in Powder Blue. The film is well written and directed by Timothy Linh Bui. If you liked The Air I Breathe, or Showgirls then you will love Powder Blue.
tt1452628
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
We are at a luxurious cinema in Detroit. One of the employees, Paul (John Leguizamo) is carrying a small torch in his helmet, as if he were a miner. He flirts with the girl (Jordan Trovillion) at the concession and returns to the projector room to change reels. All of a sudden, the power goes out. When the emergency lights come on after a few seconds, everyone in the theater but Paul has disappeared. In the attached mall, he runs into another survivor (P.J. Edwards), but he disappears as well when his flashlight goes out. Everyone's clothes, glasses, shoes, etc., are left behind, but there is no clue as to what happened to the bodies. Rosemary (Thandie Newton) is using a light to look around a recently deserted hospital. No one answers her cries for help. She hears soft moans and goes to see who it might be. Illuminated by the lights above the operating table that are connected to emergency power, she sees a man (Hugh Maguire) who was being operated on when the lights went out. His chest is open and it's obvious the anesthesia has worn off. At that moment, the lights go off again and before the emergency power kicks in, he disappears. Luke (Hayden Christensen) wakes up surrounded by candles he lit in anticipation of a night of passion with his girlfriend Paige. The apartment is bright from the morning sun. He realizes she never came home and leaves for work without noticing anything strange. He picks up a newspaper at the foyer hall of his building realizes it's yesterday's issue. He doesn't look up until he steps on somebody's glasses and abandoned clothes. A plane falls to the ground in the distance causing a commotion to which nobody reacts. He runs to his office but no one is there. He hears a noise and goes into the editing room of Action News, it's deserted but he is able to playback the broadcast from the night before when the blackout happened. He sees his girlfriend literally fade away on tape. The power goes out and as the darkness descends, he sees shadowy outlines of people. They appear to be coming after him so he runs to his office and rips the blinds down flooding the room with sunlight. The shadows fade away. He opens a desk drawer and pulls out a photo of his daughter and his wife Anna as the scene fades to black. 72 HOURS LATER (3 DAYS) Luke is running through the darkened streets of the city with a flashlight in his hand and smaller lights strung around his neck. He's hopping in and out of abandoned cars trying to find one that will start. Frustrated, he rests for a moment in the last car. He hears someone yelling and locks the door. A man arrives and begs to be let in the car. His lighter is quickly running out of fluid. As the flame dies, he is claimed by whatever it is that lurks in the darkness. Luke gets out of the car, frisks the man's clothes for supplies and continues his hunt. Unnoticed by Luke, a small girl with a pink flashlight silently watches him as he makes his way through the streets. Luke finally finds a truck that, although it won't start, it still has some juice. With a jump, he could get it running. Just then, he hears music. He moves towards the sound and see's Sonny's, a bar that still has lights and power. Luke enters the bar to see that, like the rest of the city, it's deserted. He looks around and finds a generator in the basement. As he comes back upstairs, a young boy greets him with a loaded shotgun. James (Jacob Latimore) is scared but keeps the gun pointed at Luke. When Luke calls his bluff, James fires a shot in the wall behind him. Luke and James start talking about the situation. James's mother is a bartender at Sonny's and he's waiting for her to return from the church down the street. Someone came by and told her there was power there and other people. It's been a while and she hasn't returned. He's waiting for the sun to come up to go look for her. Luke says that may never happen. He's noticed that the days are getting shorter and shorter. We then find out that, even though it's pitch black outside, it's actually 11:00 AM. Just then, Rosemary arrives. She is freaking out because she can't find her baby. After she left the hospital, she went home to find her nanny and baby had disappeared like everyone else but she's convinced his father took him. They hear someone yelling outside. After arguing about whether or not they should go, Luke takes a flashlight to investigate. He sees Paul lying on the bench at a bus shelter. It was the first of many solar powered shelters the city was planning on implementing. As Luke gets ready to drag Paul back to Sonny's, his flashlight dies. He decides to go for it, grabs Paul and runs like hell. The shadows get close and almost grab them when Luke falls down and hurts his ankle but Rosemary opens the door to the bar and enough light shines into the street to keep the darkness at bay. Paul (John Leguizamo) says that his light went off, and that he was hit by something. He felt himself being taken someplace when his light came back on and he woke up in the street. He dragged himself to the bus shelter and started calling for help. Over the course of the film, it's revealed that the reason they're still around is because they were still lit when the power first went out. Paul by his headlamp, Rosemary was lighting her cigarette and Luke fell asleep with a dozen or so candles lit around him. They begin to argue about what might have caused this phenomenon and various ideas are tossed around when Paul begins to tell the true story of the lost colony on the island of Roanoke. According to Wikipedia - "The Roanoke Colony on Roanoke Island in Dare County, present-day North Carolina, United States, was a late 16th-century attempt by Queen Elizabeth I to establish a permanent English settlement. Colonists thrived for years until one day, a supply ship landed there to find the group of colonists had disappeared without a trace." Paul says the word "Croatoan" had been carved into a tree. This was the name of a native American tribe the colonists had butted heads with during their time on the island. He's insinuating that there may not be a reason as to why this happened or maybe it's because we pissed someone or something off and we're being "reset". Paul also states the reason they are still there is simply because they are aware they "exist". As the argument heats up, the lights start to flicker so everyone goes to check on the generator. It's failing and they only have a short time left before it goes out. They notice a locked door next to the generator and James says he was told that's where you go when things get bad. They assume it's an old bomb shelter. Suddenly, Paul collapses and they drag him to the pool table and put ice and cold clothes on his head. Since they know the generator is failing, Luke is determined to leave the bar. He reveals that while he was at the news studio, a live transmission came through from a Chicago reporter, (Neal Huff), who says he heard his brother who died eight years ago calling him from the darkness. He says that the people in the shadows can trick you, and advises everybody to trust only the light they are holding. He also tells anyone who can see this to come to Chicago and find him. Luke thinks they should all go to Chicago and he wants to push the truck he found to the bar and use the generator to give it the extra juice it needs to start. Rosemary says that Paul needs to go to the hospital and she doesn't want to leave until she finds her baby. Although James doesn't want to leave without his mom, Luke tells him they'll stop by the church on the way. James agrees and eventually, they convince Rosemary. Luke and Rosemary put some lights around their necks and bodies and go after the truck. Before she leaves Rosemary puts a glow stick necklace around James's neck. Paul is in a lot of pain and asks James turns the juke box back on so he can hear one last song. He does it and then goes to the bathroom to get a cold compress for Paul. The lights go out for a couple of seconds. When they come back on, Paul is still on the pool table but James doesn't respond when he calls for him. He gets up to go look for him and finds the bathroom empty. The door to the basement is open so he goes down there and sees the bomb shelter door is unlocked and open. Outside, Rosemary keeps on reminiscing about her lost daughter. Her flashlight flickers and goes out. She mentions that she just put new batteries in it. Luke says he's noticed that, with the exception of solar powered energy, the electricity that still exists seems to be getting weaker and weaker and requires much more power. She and Luke almost make it to the truck when all of their lights go out. The darkness moves in to take them when the little girl reappears. She shines her flashlight on them and gives them enough time to make it to the truck. Luke tries to go after the girl, but his injured ankle causes him to fall down. Rosemary turns on the lights of a car, which saves them both from the dark. They start to push the truck back to Sonny's but they need more light. Back at the bar, Paul enters the shelter door. He hears James calling to him from the other end and moves towards his voice. He runs down a huge corridor lit by round lights. He reaches the door at the end only to find it opens to a brick wall. He collapses on the floor and watches the lights go off one by one and as the darkness takes him, it's revealed that he's actually still on the pool table upstairs. As soon as Paul disappears, the lights flicker again and it's revealed that James, with his glowing necklace is still in the bathroom. He brings water back for Paul but finds only his clothes. Luke tries to make a torch using a metal rod, cloth and some gas from a nearby vehicle. Rosemary says it will burn too quickly and, while they still have a little light, they should try to find something else to use. They are right by a methadone clinic where Rosemary used to be a patient and she knows they have alcohol there. She finds the alcohol and they fix the torch. Rosemary hears the sound of a crying baby. She drops her last glow stick and takes off. Luke chases after her but it's too late. She's running towards a baby stroller in a circle of bright light. As soon as Rosemary reaches it and realizes the stroller is empty, the lights go off. Her empty clothes fall to the ground while Luke watches helplessly. Luke makes it back to Sonny's with the truck. He and James are able to hook it up to the generator and get it running. They drive a short distance and Luke gets out to move a car out of the way. He tells James to move to the driver's seat and keep his foot on the gas or the truck will stall. While Luke it moving the car, James sees light coming from the church where his mom is supposed to be. Disregarding Luke's instructions, he jumps out of the truck and takes off for the church. Luke barely makes it back to the truck to prevent it from stalling. Inside the church, James sees a circle of candles on the floor, with a lump of clothing in the middle. He calls out for his mother but when he reaches it, no one is there. He hears his mother calling him from the surrounding darkness. James doesn't want to go to her but the candles are blowing out and the shadows are moving in. Luke crashes the car into the church and the headlights push the darkness back once again. He gets out to go to James. With no one holding the gas, the truck dies and the headlights go out. Luke is caught in the middle, trying to run after James and he is taken. James stays with the remaining candles, until they all vanish. repeating over and over "I am James. I exist". The sun comes up. James wakes up in the church surrounded by unlit candles. The little girl walks up and tells him her name is Briana and that he is in her bed. She says that the things he saw at the church - which he took for his mother's - are hers. Briana and James leave the church, and they see a horse eating some apples. Both James and Briana leave Detroit on the horse. When night arrives, they have reached the outskirts, and they are on the road out.
tt0089457
Adventure,Comedy,Drama
Phillipe "The Mouse" Gaston (Matthew Broderick), a thief, has been thrown into the dungeons of Aquila in medieval France, which are reputed to be inescapable. Sentenced to death, he escapes through the prison sewers and away from the city. He frequently talks to God about his woes and concerns. The evil Bishop of Aquila (John Wood), the harsh ruler of the region, sends his captain of the guard, Marquet (Ken Hutchison), after Phillipe to kill him. Marquet and several guards soon find Phillipe. As they are about to kill him, a strange knight in black appears. Phillipe is rescued by the knight, Etienne Navarre (Rutger Hauer). When a guard recognizes Navarre, Marquet kills the guard. Navarre fights the guards and takes Phillipe away. Marquet reports back to the Bishop. During the interview, the bishop's crozier is seen to have a hidden spearpoint in the end. The enigmatic Navarre is accompanied only by a hawk. Because Phillipe escaped from Aquila, Navarre wants the thief to help him enter Aquila so he can kill the Bishop. Phillipe has no desire to return to his death sentence, but Navarre threatens to kill him if he will not help. Navarre and the hawk mysteriously vanish at night, and a beautiful woman (Michelle Pfeiffer) joins Philippe. Sheltering in a barn, they are attacked by a peasant but saved by a large black wolf. In the morning, Navarre and the hawk reappear, and at night, the lady and the wolf again accompany Phillipe. Phillipe is caught by Marquet's men as a conduit to Navarre. When Navarre turns up, he and the hawk are both hit by crossbow bolts. Navarre fights off the guards and has Phillipe rush the injured hawk to the nearby castle ruins of an old monk named Imperius (Leo McKern). The monk works to heal the hawk, but Phillipe later spies his nocturnal female traveling companion in the sickroom, sporting a crossbow wound. Imperius explains that Navarre was once the captain of the guard in Aquila, and the woman, Isabeau, loved him. She confessed her love to her priest, whom at the time was Imperius himself. Sadly, he got drunk and betrayed the couple one night to the Bishop, who coveted Isabeau for himself. The jealous Bishop cursed the lovers with black magic, making Navarre a wolf by night and Isabeau a hawk by day. In their human forms they do not remember anything about their activities as animals and can never touch each other as humans and are so forbidden to be together. The curse may only be broken if both Isabeau and Navarre can face the Bishop together in their human forms. The only possibility for this plan to succeed, according to Imperius, is during a solar eclipse, which will occur in a few days. Some of Aquila's guards attack Imperius' retreat, stranding Phillipe and Isabeau on the roof at daybreak. Isabeau nearly falls from the tower and hangs on as Phillipe desperately tries to pull her up. She falls and becomes a hawk and escapes, while Navarre regains his human form and kills the guard. Imperius reveals that the curse can be broken if the Bishop sees the couple together in their human forms. This seems impossible, but he says that within days there will be a solar event making this possible. Navarre is unwilling to trust Imperius, and intends to follow his own plan. In the city, the Bishop recruits a man named Cezar (Alfred Molina), to hunt black wolves in the countryside. The Bishop describes the wolf that Navarre becomes each night, and demands the pelt. Cezar's wolf pelt collection grows, and when Isabeau sees them she goes to attack Cezar. Navarre the wolf arrives, and Cezar ends up dying in one of his own wolf traps. Finding Navarre stubborn, Phillipe convinces Isabeau that the couple should try to break the curse. Phillipe, Isabeau and Imperius decide to show Navarre how Imperius' idea might work. The men dig a hole for the lovers to sit in and await the day. While crossing the river to reach the group, the wolf falls through the ice. As Phillipe tries to pull him out, the wolf's claws slash his chest in panic before they reach safety. In the morning, Isabeau is hidden from the sun on one side of a snowbank, so that she does not transform. On the other side, the wolf is struck by sunlight and transforms into Navarre. They are amazed to see each other, but in seconds Isabeau transforms into a hawk and flies away. Navarre is crushed, and then angry. However, when he learns that Phillipe rescued him from the deadly river during the night, he apologizes, and agrees to try to break the curse. They decide to openly bring Navarre into the city in his wolf form as a present for the bishop. Imperius and Isabeau enter the city in a wagon, carrying the wolf Navarre in a cage. Since Phillipe is a wanted criminal, he hides under the cart. As the eclipse begins on the following day, it is time for Navarre to see the Bishop to break the curse. The Bishop will be conducting mass in the cathedral, and the main doors will be bolted shut. Phillipe is charged with sneaking into the cathedral through the sewers to unlock the doors. Worrying that the whole enterprise may fail, Navarre tells Imperius to kill the hawk when the bells ring at the end of mass, if Navarre has not returned. After Phillipe unlocks the doors, Navarre rides his horse right into the cathedral. While fighting the guards, a window breaks and the solar eclipse shows through. Someone rings the bell, which was to be the signal to Imperius to kill Isabeau. Marquet attacks Navarre and furious fight ensues. Navarre is eventually able to kill Marquet. Devastated because he believes Isabeau dead, Navarre resolves to kill the Bishop. Suddenly, Isabeau appears in human form, holding the leather strapping used to bind her as a hawk. She drops it victoriously at the Bishop's feet. All activity in the room stops, and everyone stares at the couple, including the Bishop, whom is forced to look at Isabeau by Navarre. The curse is broken. The Bishop sees his plan foiled, and resolves to use his crozier-spear on Isabeau to keep the lovers apart. To stop him, Navarre hurls his sword, impaling the Bishop against his throne. The lovers are finally together in their human form, and Phillipe and Imperius look on in approval.
tt0210616
Drama,Music,Romance
The film starts out with the audition of 18-year-old Jody Sawyer (Amanda Schull) for the American Ballet Academy, or ABA. She is cited as having bad feet and turnout, yet she makes it anyway. Upon arriving to the academy in New York City, she meets Cooper Neilson (Ethan Steifel), a famous ballet dancer returning to New York to teach at the academy. Once in her dorm room, Jody meets her two roommates, Eva Rodriguez (Zo Saldana) and Maureen Cummings (Susan May Pratt). Eva and Jody immediately hit it off but Eva and Maureen have difficulty in getting along mostly because of their different backgrounds. Eva comes from a poor family in the Dominican Republic, while Maureen comes from a wealthy family in upstate New York which they both look down on each other with scorn. Jody and Eva leave to find a place where Eva can smoke and they run into Erik (Shakiem Evans), a gay dancer who introduces them to his friends. In Erik's room, Jody and Eva meet fellow dancers Sergi (IIia Kulik), a Russian ballet dancer who has been at the academy for many years, and Charlie (Sascha Radetsky), a newcomer who has instant chemistry with Jody. After a montage of breaking in point shoes, there is an introduction to the classes by the head of the company, Jonathan Reeves (Peter Gallagher) whom was a former ballet dancer himself over 20 years ago. During ballet practice, Jodi's bad turnout is noticed by one of the head teachers, Juliette Simone (Donna Murphy). As the girls pause in a doorway to watch the boys, famous ballet dancer Kathleen Donahue (Julie Kent) passes by and they take notice. After she is gone, Maureen tells them that Kathleen and Cooper broke up not too long ago when she left him to marry Jonathan. Since then Cooper had been in London and "screwing everything in tights". Maureen goes to meet her mother (Debra Monk), a former ballerina herself who works at ABA to discuss her possible rivals at getting into the American Ballet Company (ABC). It is clear that Maureen is under intense pressure from her pushy and domineering shrew of a mother to succeed in ballet and encourages her to "do what it takes" to succeed... even if the lines of ethics and morals are crossed on more than one occasion. There is a pas de deux class, where Charlie and Jody are partners. That night, the advanced students and teachers of ABA are at the ballet to see a show. First is a segment from Swan Lake, and then Romeo and Juliet danced by Cooper and Kathleen. After the show, the students have baskets of things to sell while a party goes on. People complement both Kathleen and Cooper on their ballet, and Cooper flirts with Jody. Jody and her friends sneak off and find a way on to the Lincoln Center stage. They mess around until Cooper and Kathleen bust into the auditorium. They hide while the adults fight. Cooper thinks they have obvious chemistry while Kathleen says it is just acting and she is happily married and she leaves in a huff. Outside, a young waiter named Jim (Eion Bailey) tries to get Maureen's name and phone number. Smitten and flattered by this nice guy's approach to her, she tells him where she lives at the ABA. A few days later, after another disastrous ballet class, Jody waits in Jonathan's office. He and Juliette tell her that they think ballet isn't the right path for her. Joey is visibly upset. Meanwhile, Jim meets Maureen outside ABA and asks her out on a date. She accepts. Jim introduces himself as a pre-med student at Columbia University and works part-time as a waiter to pay his bills. To ease Jody's stress, Eva decides that she and Charlie, Erik, and Sergi will take her out for a night on the town. They go to a salsa club where Jody and Charlie dance and flirt while Sergi gets hit on by an old barfly after he lies to her by pretending that he works for the Russian Mafia. Elsewhere that same evening, Jim and Maureen go out bowling with Jim's friends. Maureen doesn't know how to bowl (because all she's done is dance her whole life under pressure from her mother). Later, they sit around eating pizza and telling unfunny jokes. Maureen barely eats, but after Jim persuades her to eat something, she does eat a few slices of pizza. Later that night, Jim drops her off at her dorm where she goes inside and throws up in the bathroom. The next day, Jody, Eva, Charlie, Erik, and Sergi are clearly hung over and subsequently get kicked out of ballet class. Their punishment is to clean the mirrors in the studios, and during this they get in to a water fight, while Maureen looks on sadly at being left out of their close-knit group. Jody goes to take a dance class somewhere else in New York, because she is tired of taking criticism for her ballet dancing. During the Broadway dance class, Cooper comes in to assist/dance. After the class, Cooper convinces Jody to come back to his apartment for "dessert". They drink wine. They have sex. The next day, Jody thinks she and Cooper are dating after their one night stand and Kathleen makes fun of him. A few days later, Jonathan announces that the casting for the end of the year workshop is up. Charlie, Erik, and Jody are cast in a new ballet choreographed by Cooper. Maureen and Sergi are the leads in Jonathan's ballet, while Eva is in the corps. She is clearly upset at not getting any lead part. While they practice the ballets, we find out that Cooper's ballet is basically the story of him, Kathleen, and Jonathan. (It's REALLY obvious he's not even trying to hide it). A few days later, everyone, plus Jim and Maureen tagging along, go out to celebrate Erik's birthday. They drive around in a rented white-colored limo and go out on a ferry to the Statue of Liberty. Charlie asks Jody out and she says she's already seeing someone. Meanwhile, Jim finds Maureen vomiting in the ferry lavatory. She tells Jim that her throwing up is the result of sea sickness. The next day during dance rehearsal, Charlie figures out that it is Cooper whom Jody is "seeing". They have a ballet showdown of sorts, but Cooper wins. In Jonathan's ballet, Maureen is having trouble being passionate about the dance. Jody goes to the Lincoln Center to see Cooper (and Kathleen) perform George Balanchine's "Stars and Stripes". Kathleen knows exactly what's going on between him and Jody, but Cooper denies it. After the ballet, Jody waits for Cooper, but he leaves with another girl. The next day in rehearsal, everyone is sullen and Jody gets mad at Cooper for "not being able to make up his mind" in the dance, but she's really talking about their "relationship". Cooper tells her that he does not do relationships. Jody angrily storms out and Charlie goes after her. He convinces her to stay in the dance even though she is mad at Cooper. Another dancer, Emily (Victoria Born), having been hinted for being to fat to dance throughout the movie, packs up and leaves the school. That night, Jim and Maureen have a fight about her bulimia. Angry and frustrated about Jim telling her that she should get professional help for that her career in ballet is destroying her physical and mental health, Maureen breaks up with him and storms out of his apartment, telling him: "I am the best goddamn dancer in the American Ballet Academy. Who the hell are you? Nobody!" A few days later, during rehearsal on stage, Erik suffers an injury, putting him out of the dance. Cooper thinks the understudy isn't good enough and wants to dance the part himself. Jonathan doesn't want him to, but Cooper threatens to pull the ballet. That evening, Maureen goes back to Jim's apartment and she apologizes for mouthing off to him and also tells him about Erik's injury and wishes that it could have been her. They both reconcile. A little later, after returning to the dorms, Maureen tells Jody and Eva that she's thinking about quitting the school because of her frustration at not doing anything else with her life. Both Jody and Eva tell Maureen how lucky she is for being talented and having a lead part in the upcoming ballet and that she should not give up a good thing going for her. Eva tells Maureen that despite their differences between them, she wishes they could trade places. Just when they are about to go to sleep for the night in their respective beds, Maureen asks Eva if they could talk. Performance Night. The first dance, the Italian Symphony, is lead by Anna (Megan Pepin), a girl who is a main contender for one of the spots in the company. The ballet number is a success. The next dance is Jonathan's. Sergi (as well as the theater audience) is surprised to discover Eva in Maureen's place as the lead. Meanwhile, Maureen and her mother have a confrontation in the lobby about Maureen quitting ballet. Maureen says that she is unhappy with her life and wants to leave the academy, while her mother tells her not to. Maureen walks away while her mother is angry still about her "giving up her dream". Maureen yells back at her mother saying that practicing ballet is HER dream, not Maureen's own. The last dance is Cooper's, which is incredibly elaborate and preposterous. It involves motorcycles, fake leather pants, ballet sex, two-second scene changes, red point shoes, and a lot of Jamiroquai. Jody, Cooper, and Charlie perform their well-choreographed moves which is clearly inspired by the Jody-Charlie-Cooper triangle. At the end, Jonathan announces who will make the American Ballet Company. Eva and Anna both do, as do Erik and Charlie. When Jody is called into Jonathan's office with an offer to join the company, she gives a speech and says she is joining Cooper's new company that he is now starting. Everyone congratulates each other outside in the lobby. Jim shows up to be with Maureen after she had told him earlier about quitting ballet. Jody tells Cooper that she is joining his new dance company, but she tells him: "Cooper, you're a great choreographer and a talented dancer. But as a boyfriend... you kind of suck." Joey then goes over to Charlie who congratulates her. Jody asks Charlie to the party that night and they kiss. During the end credits, there is a montage of the group at their current positions. Eva, the recovered Erik, and Charlie are dancing at ABC and practicing their ballet moves during a class. Sergi is seen dancing for a San Francisco ballet company with his girlfriend. Maureen is at college and talking with a group of new friends between classes, looking happy at leaving behind her dance life for good. Jody is dancing as a principal dancer at Cooper's company.
tt0068762
Adventure,Drama,Western
The opening scene depicts an early Rocky Mountain riverside trading post bustling with activity. Indians, trappers and traders of all stripes freely mingle. A young ex-soldier named Jeremiah Johnson (Robert Redford), fleeing civilization, equips himself with the needed foodstuffs, gear and pack mule required for life as a solitary mountain man. After a short time in the high mountains, Johnson finds himself critically short on both food and basic survival skills. While comically struggling to retrieve an elusive trout from a swift mountain stream, Johnson is startled to discover a bemused Indian brave silently watching him. The brave quietly rides downstream. After failing in his attempt to kindle a warming fire in the deep snow, Johnson comes upon a dead mountain man, frozen against a tree. A note attached to the dead man's coat identifies him as Hatchet Jack and explains that he was mauled and disabled by a grizzly bear. He bequeaths his prized .50-caliber rifle to whoever finds him. Johnson uses the gun to bag his first deer. Johnson awakens the next morning to find that his horse has died in the night. He continues through the deep snows on foot, leading his pack mule. He is soon surprised by a venerable old mountain man whose bear hunt he has inadvertently spoiled. The old mountain man, Bear Claw (Will Geer), patiently teaches Johnson the ways of the mountains. While hunting elk, Johnson and Bear Claw are surrounded by a Crow Indian party, but Johnson successfully barters their way out of trouble. The leader of the Crows is the same brave who observed Johnson's abortive fishing attempt earlier. After parting with Bear Claw, Johnson comes across a cabin where an Indian band has killed several white settlers. One child survives, along with his grieving, traumatized mother who has clearly gone mad. She frantically places her equally traumatized son in Johnson's charge, apparently intent on killing herself. Since the boy is unable to speak his own name, Johnson names the boy Caleb. As their journey continues, the pair comes across another mountain man, Del Gue (Stefan Gierash), buried up to his neck in burning sand by the same Blackfoot raiding party that attacked the settler cabin. Johnson rescues him and they track down the raiding party, intent on recovering Gue's horses and weapons. Against Johnson's wishes, Gue ambushes the Blackfoot party that night, and the Indians are killed with Johnson's reluctant assistance. Del Gue scalps the dead Blackfeet. This works to Johnson's advantage when they are subsequently surrounded by Flathead Indians, who are the Crows' blood enemies. Seeing the captured Blackfoot ponies and fresh scalps and believing Johnson to be a great warrior, the Flathead chief honors Johnson by giving his daughter to him as a bride. Del Gue goes his own way, and Johnson leads his newfound family deeper into the wilderness. Despite a mute "stepson" and a wife he cannot communicate with, Johnson finds fulfillment in his new life. They build a fine cabin alongside a mountain stream before Johnson leaves to hunt for buffalo. A few days after his return, a cavalry detail arrives at the cabin looking for a mountain guide. A small wagon party has become stranded in the high country and is in danger of starving in the freezing cold. Johnson is goaded into leading the rescue attempt. Once in the high mountains, the party encounters a sacred Crow burial ground blocking a mountain pass. Johnson explains they will have to go around, adding considerable distance to the journey. The cavalry officers are skeptical, explaining that the detour could result in many dead settlers. Against his better judgement, Johnson tells the troopers to stay quiet and follow along in single file through the burial ground. It is of no use; the Indians soon know of the desecration. After locating the wagon train, Johnson parts with the white men and traverses the burial ground again, suddenly becoming spooked. He rushes back to his cabin to find his wife and stepson dead, murdered by the Crows. Johnson is wracked with guilt and grief. After some time, he tenderly places the boy and his wife in the bed, covers them, and sets fire to the cabin. Johnson tracks down the murderous group of six or seven Crow warriors and attacks their campsite, without concern for his own life. He wipes out the entire group, becoming wounded in the process. His reprisal invites a seemingly endless series of solitary attacks upon Johnson as he travels the mountains. One by one, the Crow warriors ambush him, only to die in the process. Johnson himself is wounded many times. He becomes a living legend among the Indians and the white settlers alike. During this period, Johnson crosses paths once again with both Bear Claw and Del Gue, who are aware of his predicament. They wish him well and take their leave. After months of attacks, a weary Johnson sees one more Crow warrior approaching in the distance. He warily cocks his rifle and readies for a fight. Suddenly, the Indian raises his hand in tribute and in peace. It is over. Johnson breaks into a wide grin- it is the same Crow who watched him struggle to catch a trout long ago.
tt0082329
Drama,Romance
In suburban Chicago, 15-year-old Jade Butterfield (Brooke Shields) and 17-year-old David Axelrod (Martin Hewitt) fall in love after they are introduced by Jade's older brother Keith (James Spader). Jade's liberal family is known in their community for a bohemian lifestyle, allowing Jade and David to develop an all-consuming and passionate relationship; including allowing the two to make love in Jade's bedroom. In contrast to the openness of her family, David's home life is boring; his parents are wealthy right-wing political activists who are not actively involved in his life. One night, Jade's mother Ann (Shirley Knight) sneaks downstairs, and upon seeing Jade and David make love by the fireplace, starts living through them vicariously. However, Jade's father Hugh (Don Murray) watches the couple with increasing unease. Jade's nightly trysts with David begin negatively impacting her grades and her ability to sleep. She attempts to steal one of her father's prescription sleeping pills but is caught in the act. This is the last straw for Hugh and he insists that David stop seeing Jade until the end of the school term in 30 days. Although David initially causes a scene, Ann gently coaxes him into agreeing, warning him not to allow Hugh to "do something he'll regret". Back at school, David's friend Billy (Tom Cruise) informs him that when he was eight years old, he tried burning a pile of newspapers and after he became scared, put out the fire, only to find his parents think he was a hero for saving the house from burning. Inspired by this story, David starts a fire on the Butterfields' front porch and walks away briefly but by the time he returns, the flame has spread too far. He rushes to warn the family but he is too late, the entire house is burned to the ground and David is arrested. Following the trial, David is convicted of second-degree arson, sentenced to five years' probation, committed in a mental hospital for evaluation, and forbidden from ever going near Jade or her family again. Nevertheless, he continues to write daily, but his letters are not sent due to the court order to make no contact with Jade. David's wealthy parents pull strings to have him released early, much to Hugh's chagrin. David receives his many letters upon his exit, and upon realizing why Jade never wrote back, David decides to pursue her even though he knows full well that this will violate his parole. In the meantime, following the loss of their home, the Butterfield family has moved from Chicago to Manhattan, and Ann and Hugh divorce. In Manhattan, Ann tries to seduce David, but he refuses which leaves her rather nonplussed. When Ann isn't looking, David thumbs through her address book to see where Jade is; he discovers that she now lives in Burlington and attends the University of Vermont. Intent on catching a bus to Vermont, David sees Hugh on the street and Hugh angrily chases him. But while running across the street to catch David, Hugh is run over by a car and killed. Hugh's new wife Ingrid Orchester (Penelope Milford), catches up to the scene just in time to witness David escape. Jade later goes to David's apartment to say goodbye but he pulls her back as she tries to leave, throwing her on the bed and forcefully holding her down until she admits she loves him, which she eventually does. Keith comes home to find the pair together again and angrily informs Jade that David is at fault for their father's death. Jade initially refuses to believe this, but when David confirms that he was actually at the scene, she becomes horrified and hides behind Keith. David tries to explain that this was an accident and shoves Keith out of the way in a desperate attempt to grab her. Keith fights him off until the police arrive and arrest David for brawling and disturbing the peace. Sentenced to five years in a state prison, David seems doomed never to see Jade again. Jade informs her mother at her father's lakeside funeral that no one will ever love her the way David does, and Ann speaks her understanding and approval. The final scene shows David watching Jade walk towards him through his barred cell window for a visit.
tt0373283
Action,Drama,War
The movie opens as the Allies discover the bloody remains of the Malmedy Massacre. We soon learn how the Germans attacked the unarmed prisoners, killing most of them. Several of the soldiers escape and hide out in a bombed-out house. There's "Deacon" (Allred) the ex-missionary who is haunted by something from his past that prevents him from sleeping for days at a time. He's also a crack rifleman. Joining him in escaping are Gould (Polinsky), the medic and a boy from Brooklyn, who seems suspicious of everyone, "Shirl" (Bagby) a tough soldier from Louisiana with a lust for killing Germans, and Sgt Gunderson (Holden) from Chicago, who takes command of the group. With the rescue of a British pilot, Winley (Heyborne), the group is complete. The obvious distrust/dislike between Winley and Shirl causes friction, but when the group finds out that Winley holds vital intelligence that will greatly aid the Allies in the ongoing "Battle of the Bulge", they agree to get him across 20 miles behind enemy lines to army intelligence. Several close encounters with Germans ensue. Deacon's psychosis continues to escalate as his visions intensify. We find out that in a recent skirmish, Deacon accidentally killed 2 woman and 6 children while trying to take out a sniper. We get to learn more about the lives of the soldiers and in one telling scene, the deep religious feelings of Deacon and contrasted with the agnostic Gould as each of them tells the story of holding a dying soldier. The men stumble upon a remote house occupied by a French woman and her child. They are warmly welcomed by the woman who provides them shelter and food. A massive winter storm slows the group as they hole up at the woman's place. Winley tries to to take off alone and a German patrol soon shows up at the house. The soldiers attack the Germans while the sharp-shooting Deacon misses an escaping German at point blank range twice. The German is caught by Winley and returned to the group. As they argue about whether they should execute the prisoner, Deacon recognizes him as a German he once encountered in his missionary work. He attributes his missing the escaping German to a divine intervention. During the night, Deacon allows the German to escape in exchange for some information about troop movements. The soldiers leave the next morning but Gunderson is shot and killed by a German patrol. A full scale fight ensues and Winley is wounded. Shirl is shot carrying Winley to safety and the two finally make peace just before Shirl dies. The three survivors are approached by a German soldier as they try to revive Winley. It turns out to be the same German that Deacon had let escape the night before. He allows them to escape and they grab an abandoned jeep and head toward the Allied lines. Disguised as German medics with a wounded soldier, they work through their way through the German lines. The Americans, thinking they are German begin shooting at them and the Germans are firing at them from behind as well. Deacon tries to hold off the Germans while Winley escapes with Gould, but is shot and killed in the fire fight. His dying vision is of the family he accidentally killed. Winley and Gould make it to Allied command and the critical information helps stop the German's offensive leading to an Allied victory in the Battle of the Bulge. Gould finds Deacon's body and takes his Bilble, thanking Deacon for saving his life.
tt0470705
Drama,Thriller
Opening on a dark evening, Agnes White (Ashley Judd) is a 30-something woman living in a run-down motel in rural Oklahoma. She is smoking a cigarette outside of her motel room when her phone rings. She answers it, but no one says anything. Flustered, she goes about her business, but her phone keeps on ringing. Every time she picks it up, no one says anything. She thinks that it's her ex-husband Jerry Goss, since he just got out of prison and she has a restraining order against him. However, she can't confirm this because the caller never says anything. The next morning, she goes outside and finds a flier for a body shop on her windshield, also noticing that none of the other cars have the flier. She throws it away and goes to the grocery store to buy some food and alcohol, where she is startled by a man reaching for a bottle. That evening, Agnes goes to work where she's a waitress at a lesbian bar. Her best friend and co-worker Ronnie 'R.C.' (Lynn Collins) startles her, and they talk. Agnes wants to come over to R.C.'s house after work, but R.C. tells her that her lesbian live-in lover is fighting a custody battle with her ex-husband for custody of her children and that R.C.'s and Agnes' presence would be a bad influence, but they argree to meet at Agnes' motel room later. R.C. wants to introduce Agnes to a man standing at the jukebox, but Agnes is wary to get back in a relationship so soon. Later that evening, R.C. and Peter Evans (Michael Shannon) arrive at Agnes motel room. The two women drink, smoke dope, snort cocaine, and even make out with each other, but Peter is shy and quiet. While Peter uses the bathroom, they joke that he's probably a serial killer. R.C. gets a phone call and talks loudly while Peter insists that he's not a killer. He's awkward around Agnes, and things get more awkward when he tells her that she's beautiful. R.C. tells them that she has to go back to the bar due to a problem, so she takes off while Peter decides to stay. Agnes asks if Peter would like a drink, but he says that he should probably go. They talk while they walk outside of the motel, getting to know each other better. Agnes asks him if he's gay because he took little interest in her makeout session with R.C., and he says "no". He explains that, like Agnes with R.C., he has experimented with the same sex, but he does not consider himself gay or bisexual or bi-curious like she is. Peter doesn't consider himself much of anything, and claims that he has been alone for a long time. When she asks Peter where he lives, he says that he's "kind of living in-between places" (coded talk meaning that he's homeless). She offers to let him stay the night, and he accepts. While Agnes gets ready for bed, we see that Peter's experiencing some pain in his tooth. During the night, as Peter lays on the couch and Agnes on the bed, Peter looks at the ceiling fan and hears helicopters. He gets up and asks Agnes if she wouldn't mind if he slept on the floor. As they both lay in their places, neither can readily go to sleep. The next morning, Agnes gets up and hears him in the shower. She goes to the kitchen and pours herself some coffee. As he gets out of the shower, Agnes thanks him for making coffee. However, it's not Peter in the shower... its her ex-husband Jerry (Harry Connick Jr.). He gets dressed and gets in an argument with Agnes. She doesn't want him there, and when she brings up their son Lloyd, Jerry smacks her across the face. He doesn't ever want her to bring up his name again, and then Peter returns. Jerry acts very tough around Peter, who appears very weak. Eventually, Jerry warns Agnes that he'll be back and leaves. Peter helps her sit down and gets a rag to hold against her bloodied face. He gets her some aspirin, and takes some himself for his tooth. He tells Agnes that he left earlier to get some breakfast for them at a diner just down the road, and apologizes for taking her motel room key. Agnes tells him about Jerry, and how abusive he can be. Peter asks her if she has a son, and she says she doesn't. Peter knows that shes lying, and she eventually tells him that her son went missing while she took him shopping at a grocery store. She gave up looking for him two years ago, and becomes very emotional when talking about him. She tells Peter that he can stay another night, since she gets afraid at night. Even though he hasn't been with a woman in a long time, Peter says that he would like to go to bed with her. They have sex, and in the middle of the night Peter gets up and turns on a light. He just got bitten by a bug, and he searches the bed for it, waking Agnes up. He finds the bug on the bed, but Agnes can't see it. He holds a lamp with one hand and the bug in another, but she still can't see it. Agnes wants to go back to sleep and tells him that its just a bed bug, but Peter tells her that its not. Its an aphid; plant lice. He tries to explain it to her, but all it does is confuse her. Peter searches the bed for more aphids and gets Agnes to help him. She loves hearing Peter talk, and then he tells her that someone's after him. He refuses to tell her why, and gets dressed in a hurry. Peter doesn't want to get Agnes caught up in his troubles, so hes going to leave. Agnes tries to get him to stay, since she's lonely and doesnt have that many friends. Peter leaves the room and runs away from the motel. Agnes breaks down and cries in the bathroom. Peter comes back and talks to her through the bathroom door. He tells her that he was in the U.S. Army, and that people have experimented on him. He doesn't know what he's infected with, but she might have it too now that theyve had sex. He breaks down and cries, telling her that hes sorry and explains how vicious the scientific experiments were. He escaped from the army, and they have been after him ever since. He decides to stay with Agnes, and they embrace as they hear helicopters near them, which violently shake the room. The next day, Peter has changed the motel room. Fly catchers hang from the ceiling in every room, along with blue bug zappers. He's taken out Lloyd's possessions because he had a microscope, and takes a blood sample from his finger (which he inspects with the microscope). Jerry breaks into the room using a credit card, and Peter startles him. Agnes isn't there, but Jerry has decided to move in. He talks down to Peter, who constantly slaps his own body for bugs. Jerry doesn't see anything, and Peter sees that there are bugs in his blood. Agnes and R.C. enter the room, and both of them get upset that Jerry's there. Agnes and Peter force Jerry to leave after he's rude to everyone. Peter tells Agnes that there are bugs in his blood, but R.C. keeps on talking over him (which upsets him). He tells her that she has bugs in her too, and Agnes says that theyre underneath her skin. R.C. doesn't see any bugs anywhere, but Agnes decides to show her by cutting into her arm with a paper clip. R.C. tells Peter that they went to the hospital, and the doctors didn't find anything wrong with Agnes. Peter's upset that she went to see a doctor, and R.C. tells them that there's nothing wrong with him either. Peter lifts up his shirt and shows that his body has several scratches on it. R.C. tells Peter that a man came in to see her at the bar, looking for him. The man's name is Dr. Sweet, and wouldn't tell her anything else specific. Peter grows upset that Dr. Sweet knows where he is, and that R.C. can tell him whenever she wants. R.C. tells Agnes to pack her stuff, and wants her to come live with her for a while (regretting ever introducing them to each other). Peter then takes off his shirt and starts to swat bugs around him. R.C. still can't see anything, but Peter convulses on the bed. R.C. and Agnes wrap him in blankets until he calms down. Agnes then slaps R.C. in the face for trying to take her away from Peter. She tells her to leave and never come back. Shocked, R.C. gets her stuff and leaves the room. Later that night, Peter lies down on the floor, resting his head in Agnes' lap. Even though they haven't known each other for a while, she can't get over how much she loves him. We see that Agnes now too has several scratch marks all over her body. Eventually, Peter comes to the conclusion that he was infected with bugs as part of an experiment, and that they placed several eggs in his tooth. Peter grabs a pair of pliers and rips out his tooth. Agnes wants him to stop, but he then goes to the bathroom and rips out more of his teeth. Very bloody and in much pain, Peter examines his tooth through the microscope and cowers in terror. Agnes looks through the microscope and sees millions of bugs in his tooth. A little later on, Dr. Sweet (Brian F. O'Byrne) approaches the room and knocks on the door. When he does, we see that the room is only lit by the blue bug zappers, and everything is wrapped in tin foil. He tries to convince Agnes to open the door, and she gradually crawls her way towards the door. Jerry bursts into the room and holds her down. Dr. Sweet tells him to leave, saying that he'll handle this. Jerry waits outside, and Dr. Sweet asks where Peter is. Agnes won't tell him, since he told her that Dr. Sweet is the one who experimented on him. Dr. Sweet informs Agnes that Peter is a delusional paranoid, with schizophrenic tendencies. Dr. Sweet claims he's here to help, but she's convinced that he just wants to take him back to the army to conduct more experiments. Dr. Sweet sees a glass pipe on a dresser, which appears to be for smoking crystal meth. He asks Agnes how often she uses it. She says that she takes it whenever she wants, and Dr. Sweet asks her permission to smoke some. He sits down and starts to fire it up when Agnes tells him to be careful, since he's sitting on gallons of gasoline. After smoking a bit, he tells her that he needs her help to take Peter to get help. Medical professionals can operate on Peter and get the bugs out of him. He then tells Agnes that he knows where her son is. Agnes asks if he's alive, and Dr. Sweet nods 'yes'. He will tell her where Lloyd is, if she helps him. Peter then comes out of the bathroom, very bloody from wounds on his chest and face. He holds Dr. Sweet at knife point while Agnes tells him that he knows where Lloyd is. Dr. Sweet prepares a needle behind his back, but before he can do anything with it Peter stabs him in the chest. Peter continues to viciously stab Dr. Sweet to death. Agnes grows hysterical and asks why he killed Dr. Sweet. Peter says that Dr. Sweet is not a human, but an android sent by the army. Agnes doesn't believe him, but Peter insists that Dr. Sweet has artificial blood and that he's a robot. He then goes on a psychotic rant, explaining that every human has been injected with a computer chip at birth since 1982 and that the army has been choosing specific people to be test subjects. During the rant, Peter also says that the microchip turns people into brainless killer zombies, and that Timothy McVeigh was one of them. He figures that none of this is a coincidence, and that Agnes was brought into the situation on purpose. He forces her to think about what she knows that she may not know. More paranoid than ever, Agnes comes to the conclusion that Lloyd was kidnapped by the army, and that the bugs were part of a weapons experiment. We see that the phone is disconnected and hear someone knocking on the door. It's a pizza delivery guy, and they freak out since neither remembering ordering any pizza. They slide money beneath the door and tell the delivery guy to just leave the pizza on the ground. Very cautiously, Peter opens the door and Agnes grabs the pizza. Before they can eat any, Peter grabs a piece and inspects it through the microscope. He sees bugs on the pizza and flips out. They come up with a conspiracy that R.C. is working for the army, and purposefully brought them together so that the experiment could be further carried out. Peter is the drone, and Agnes is the queen bug. They hear helicopters and the room begins to violently shake as they both maniacally laugh. Jerry tries to break his way inside the room, but they block the door with the bed mattresses and Agnes injures his hand with a staple gun. The room shakes uncontrollably from the army helicopters, but Jerry is the only one outside. Fully insane, Peter and Agnes douse the room with gasoline. They then strip naked and douse themselves with gasoline, convinced that they have to kill themselves to prevent the spread of the infection from getting out of the room. Peter and Agnes profess their love for each other. Peter strikes a match, setting themselves on fire and destroying the room as it's immediately consumed by flames.
tt0119874
Action,Thriller
The movie begins in an Eastern Orthodox church in Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina, when an unidentified man (later revealed to be a Bosnian diplomat to the UN) is murdered in an alley after receiving a page to meet someone outside. The scene then immediately shifts to a missile base in Chelyabinsk, Russia, where SS-18 ICBM's are being decommissioned. Ten nuclear warheads are loaded onto a train and sent to a separate site for dismantling. However, a high-ranking Russian general, Aleksander Kodoroff, has other plans. Along with a rogue tactical unit, he kills all the soldiers onboard the train and then transfers nine of the warheads to another train. He also sets the timer on the one remaining warhead, then switches tracks to send his train out of harm's way and the transport train on a collision course with a passenger train. Inside a mountain tunnel, Kodoroff kills one of his high-ranking lieutenants who'd had reservations about the mission. A few minutes later the trains collide. The thermonuclear warhead goes off moments later, yielding a blast about 500 kilotons in intensity. The explosion immediately garners the attention of the US government. Even though the detonation was staged to look like an accident, White House nuclear expert Dr. Julia Kelly (Kidman) is not convinced: SS-18 warheads can only be detonated deliberately. She believes that terrorists are behind the incident. Her newly assigned military liaison disagrees with her. He is smooth-talking and irreverent US Army Special Forces officer Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Devoe (Clooney), and he is convinced that the crash and the detonation were both staged, to hide the hijacking of the other warheads on board. A call to Devoe's long time friend and Russian counterpart, Dmitri Vertekoff (Armin Mueller-Stahl), adds credence to his hypothesis. Kelly and Devoe try to track down the terrorists through an Austrian trucking company which is a front for the Russian Mafia. Devoe and Kelly go to the company's offices and, when Kelly is unable to get answers, Devoe resorts to more drastic measures, beating the man, tying him up and threatening to shoot him in the knee. Kelly is able to retrieve vital invoices from the man's computer and the two leave the building. When the Mafia realizes they are in fact U.S. government agents, they send out several carloads of thugs to kill them. Vertekoff is killed, but Kelly and Devoe escape, with Devoe killing most of the would-be assassins in the process. Though the paper invoices Kelly retrieved are destroyed when Devoe ignites the gas tanks of his & the thugs' car, Kelly is able to download them from her email. When they're examined, Devoe recognizes Kodoroff's name. Kodoroff is known to be fanatical and Devoe assumes that the rogue general will sell the warheads to a country linked to terrorism. Devoe later finds out through the tracking system of the truck company that the nukes are in a truck headed to Iran by way of Dagestan. Kodoroff and his crew are located using a ruse in which Devoe convinces the driver over the phone that there is a smart bomb falling towards him, causing him to turn out of traffic on a road, so that the truck can be seen in an aerial photo. After the only Russian troops in the area are killed by the general and his men, one of the crew takes one of the warheads and leaps off the truck, hiding in the forest nearby. Devoe leads a group of USAF Special Operations and Army Rangers illegally over the Russian border to seize it. During the operation, one of their choppers is shot down by Russian SAM battery when they enter Russian airspace, but the remaining choppers evade the missiles and are able to stop the truck carrying the warheads. A savage fight ensues onboard the vehicle, and Kodoroff is killed and the warheads are seized. Interrogation of the one surviving member of the group reveals that the trigger bomb (nominal yield: 1-2 kilotons) from one of the warheads is missing. It is learned that the bomb was taken by a Bosnian Serb, and that it may be intended to destroy the UN headquarters in New York. The man who stole the warhead is the brother of another of the terrorists, Duan Gavri (Marcel Iure), is a Yugoslav without identity ("I am a Serb, a Croat, and a Muslim" in reference to all sides in the war torn former Yugoslavia). He wants to avenge the death of his wife and daughter, who were killed by a sniper in Sniper Alley, Sarajevo. He blames the countries of the West for not protecting them and for greedily supplying weapons to all sides in the war. He therefore plans to blow up the United Nations building in New York City, and supplies a videotaped message warning the governments of the west to cease their involvement in the Yugoslavian conflict. Gavri is finally tracked down in Manhattan, wounded, and cornered into a Catholic church near the UN. Davoe confronts Gavri, saying, "It's not our war!" Gavri responds, "It is now!", and promptly commits suicide, knowing that the bomb is set to go off in a matter of minutes, and cannot be deactivated. With seconds to spare, Kelly is able to remove a part of the bomb's explosive lens shell, preventing it from creating a critical mass within the plutonium core. The remaining explosives go off, but the bomb does not detonate and the explosion is confined to the church. Devoe and Kelly both survive the explosion with minor injuries.
tt0096787
Animation,Comedy,Drama
The film opens with con-dog Charlie B Barker and his pal Itchy, attempting to break out of the local pound. Charlie and Itchy return to the casino that Charlie ran with his old partner, Carface. Unknown to Charlie, Carface was responsible for Charlie going to 'the pound,' with Carface intending to take over the whole gambling operation. Charlie notices that the gambling clientele are not too happy with the way things have been run while he has been away, and Charlie goes to see Carface. Carface then convinces Charlie that they need to split up the business, since he is now a wanted fugitive. A going away party is then held for Charlie later that evening, with Charlie getting drunk, and Carface giving him a pocketwatch. Charlie is mentally unable to comprehend where he is, when Carface's goons blindfold him, and take him down to a dock, where a car is put in motion many yards away. Itchy has heard about the plan, but is too late to stop the car from killing Charlie. Charlie soon finds himself in Heaven, being explained things by a dog named Whippet. She explains that all dogs go to heaven, though is surprised when going over Charlie's record, finding very little regarding kindness and loyalty from him. Charlie is shown that the watch he was given by Carface is connected to his own heart, and because it stopped, Charlie is now dead. When Charlie asks why it can't simply be wound back up to send him back, Whippet explains that this is not allowed. Even so, Charlie manages to get the watch away from her, and returns to life. However, as he rockets towards Earth, Whippet's voice is heard saying that he can never come back now. Charlie soon finds Itchy, who at first thinks Charlie is a ghost, but then grows even more concerned when Charlie wants to get back at Carface for attempting to kill him. Itchy is concerned because he has heard word that Carface has a monster that he has locked away. Charlie and Itchy break into Carface's place, only to find that the monster is actually a little girl named Ann-Marie, who can talk to animals. Carface has been using her to win (and fix) almost all the 'rat races' that the casino he runs has. Charlie soon convinces Ann-Marie that since she's an orphan, he can help her find a family that will adopt her, as well as intending to use the money that she helps win them to be given to the poor. While at the horse track, Charlie swipes the wallet of a young couple, and uses the money to help them win their first race. Charlie uses Ann-Marie's skills to make him enough money to start a new casino. Soon after, Ann-Marie finds the wallet that Charlie stole, and refuses to talk to him again. Later that evening, Charlie has a nightmare in which he ends up in a fiery lake of lava, where demons intend to drag him under. Charlie then wakes to find Ann-Marie gone. He soon finds that she has returned the wallet to the young couple, who seem more than happy to give her a good breakfast. Charlie finds her, and guilts her into coming back with him. However, Carface has found that Charlie is alive, and intends to kill Charlie, before he and Ann-Marie make their escape. They find their way into a sewer system, where a gang of sewer rats intends to sacrifice Charlie to a big-lipped alligator. However, Charlie gives a long-pitched howl, which causes the alligator to spare Charlie's life due to his great singing voice. Unfortunately, Ann-Marie has caught a bad cold from being in the sewer, and Charlie is unsure what to do. When Itchy finds Charlie, he explains that Carface and his goons have torched their casino. Charlie contends that they'll rebuild, and use Ann-Marie to recoup their losses, with plans to give her to an orphanage afterwards. However, Ann-Marie hears Charlie's words and runs off. She is soon recovered shortly by Carface and taken to a derelict ship off the coast of New Orleans. Charlie goes after her, and ends up in a scuffle with Carface. Their fight soon causes some fuel to spill and a fire to erupt on the ship. When Carface bites down on Charlie's tail, Charlie gives a long howl that is heard by the alligator from before. It comes to his rescue and chases off Carface, but ends up dislodging the ship from the shore, sending it adrift. Charlie attempts to save Ann-Marie, but almost loses his watch that keeps him alive. At a moral crossroads, Charlie lets the watch sink into the water, and pushes Ann-Marie out of the boat on a wooden doorframe. Eventually, the water overtakes the watch, and it stops ticking. Some time later, the young couple have taken Ann-Marie in, as she still recovers from her sickness. Charlie's spirit then visits her, under the supervision of an enormous, dark hell-hound. However, a glowing sphere appears, and the hell-hound disintegrates. As the sphere approaches Charlie, Whippet's voice can be heard, and explains that since Charlie gave his life to save Ann-Marie, he can go to Heaven. Ann-Marie then wakes up, and the two say their goodbyes.
tt0104009
Animation,Comedy,Fantasy
The film's plot transposes two alternate dimensions: the real world, and the Cool World, a world of animated characters, called "doodles." The film begins in 1945-era Las Vegas. Frank Harris, a returning GI (Brad Pitt) is reunited with his mother. Soon he takes her for a ride on his motorcycle and they are involved in an accident resulting in her death. Grieving and hallucinating, he is transported into another dimension, the fully animated "Cool World." The film flashes forward to 1992. Cartoonist Jack Deebs (Gabriel Byrne) has been incarcerated for murdering a man he found in bed with his wife. During his prison sentence, he has visions of the Cool World and of the sexy blond doodle, Holli Would (Kim Basinger). Deebs passes the time by creating a comic book series based on his visions of Cool World. Shortly after being released from prison and returning to his home in Las Vegas, Deebs is pulled into the Cool World by Holli. Holli wants to have sex with Deebs so she can become real and feel real things and enter the real world, but sexual relationships between noids (humans) and doodles (toons) are illegal in Cool World. Frank Harris, aided by his partner, Nails, the spider-like doodle, keeps a sharp eye on Holli and Deebs. Their job is to make sure that humans don't have sex with cartoons, since that act can rupture the fabric between the two universes. The twist lies in the fact that after all these years, Harris has fallen in love with Lonette, a sexy animated waitress. Meanwhile, Holli and Deebs have sex and she turns into a noid. Deebs and Holli head to Deebs's home dimension. The barrier between the Cool World and the real world has been damaged. Deebs and Holli repeatedly turn into clown-like doodles. In Las Vegas, Holli manages to find the Golden Spike of Power, which keeps the Interworld Matrix between the Cool World and the real world intact. It turns her back into a doodle and releases many monstrous doodles into the real world. Deebs turns into a super-powered humanoid doodle, and puts the Golden Spike back into its place; Deebs is stuck, perhaps forever, in the Cool World, but he has plans to marry Holli. Harris is killed trying to stop Holli, but in the process is reborn as a doodle, allowing him to pursue his relationship with Lonette.
tt0125022
Comedy,Crime,Romance
The movie opens with Sigourney Weaver getting married to Ray Liota. The wedding night comes and Sigourney falls asleep before the two can have sex. Ray wakes up and goes to work where his secretary (Jennifer Love Hewitt) is waiting in a tight dress. He cannot overcome his urges and starts making out with Jeniffer. Sigourney walks in and catches them in the act. She files for divorce and takes half of his money and a car. We then find out that Jennifer and Sigourney are a mother daughter duo of con artists who marry men and then set them up to cheat so that they can take half of the husbands property. The two women have various ways of getting things for free throughout the whole movie; putting broken glass into their meal, slip on a puddle of goo that they put there, in order to get a hotel room. After the divorce from Liotta, Jennifer decides that she is a PRO, and can handle herself on her own. Sigourney needs to convice her to stay so she comes up with a plan. When the duo go to the bank to withdraw their money they are told that Sigourney has no money in her account. Sigourney had given her friend, an IRS agent her account number and had the agent hold all her money so it appeared she was broke. Sigourney convinces Jennifer to do one last con. The women drive along the beach in a speedboat looking at possible people to con. Jennifer has her eyes set on a young mamas boy while Sigourney sees an old single man (Gene Hackman) who is a chain smoker and coughs every 3 seconds. The two decide to go with Gene Hackman, while Jennifer is not to sure. Sigourney moves in on Gene at an auction, while Jennifer is at a bar, owned by Jason Lee. He approaches Jennifer and asks her what she wanted to drink. Jennifer thought this was a pick up line and freaked out at him. While Jason comes back with a drink, Jennifer gets a phone call from her mother. Jennifer storms out of the bar and goes to the spot her mother told her and lays out a spike strip in the road so Gene Hackman would get into a car accident. Little did she know that she left her purse at the bar and Jason Lee was returning it. He runs over the spike strip and crashes into a tree. The two have an awkward moment when Jennifer sees Gene coming and pushes Jason Lee down a hill so he does not see the spike strip in the road. The two fall down while Gene crashes into Jasons car. Jennifer then makes out with Jason to keep him distracted while Sigourney convinces Gene that she will take him home. Once home Sigourney has an encounter with the housekeeper of Genes home. It turns out that the housekeeper is on to Sigurneys plan. Jennifer goes into the maids room and sets her up by making it appear she stole all of Genes ex-wifes jewelry. The maid goes to jail and Jennifer becomes the new housekeeper. After a night out on the town, Gene Hackman comes to Sigourneys house and asks her to marry him. Along with him he brought a statue that Sigourney bought at the auction where they met but broke the penis off (it was a statue of a naked man) . Gene brought it back penis and all. After Gene asks her to marry him, he goes to kiss her and trips and hits his head on the penis of the statue and dies. Ray Liotta then shows up and asks Sigourney to marry him because he messed up and he hasnt forgotten about what they had and he wants another chance. Jennifer Love Hewitt walks in and Liotta realizes he was "played" by the two women. He demands his money back but they don't have any. They decide if he helps them put Hackman's body back to his own house they would include him in the next con. Jennifer Love Hewitt goes pack to the bartender and he eventually asks her to marry him. She has a few doubts but with Sigourney and Liotta posing as her second cousins, she eventually agrees. On their wedding night, they pull the same routine with them about to have sex and Jennifer fallls asleep. When he realizes she's asleep, he leaves the room. Jennifer opens her eyes and is crying. She actually loves him. Outside, Sigourney meets up with him and invites him to her house for a drink. She keeps trying to seduces him but he won't bite. Finally, Jennifer Love Hewitt comes over (as planned) and sees him asleep in Sigourney's bed. The next scene is in the divorce court and Jason Lee decides to give her whatever she wants. As they're driving home Sigourney tells Jennifer that he didn't want to sleep with her, she actually had to drug him to get him in bed. Jennifer realizes that Jason really did love her. Jason is heads back to the bar and his friend tells him he forgot a few things (after selling the bar to pay off the divorce). When he opens the door, it shows everyone welcoming him back. It was a surprise party and Jennifer is there with the papers to the bar. The next scene shows Liotta, Sigourney and Jennifer driving home from the bar. Sigourney tells Liotta that the IRS agent conned her and actually took all her money. They have to get her back. Next we see Liotta talking to the IRS agent at dinner, having a romantic evening. Waiting outside is Sigourney....
tt0910905
Crime,Drama,Mystery
In Iberia Parish, Detective Dave Robicheaux (Tommy Lee Jones) is investigating the murder of a young woman and has a chance encounter with a pair of Hollywood stars Elrod Sykes (Peter Sarsgaard) and his girlfriend Kelly Drummond (Kelly Macdonald) who are in the small town to film a Civil War film. Due to his erratic driving, Dave determines Elrod is driving his Lamborghini drunk and sets to arrest him. Elrod, objecting to being sent to jail tells Dave of a decayed corpse that he and Kelly had found up in the swamp. When Dave goes to investigate he remembers a murder he had witnessed as a teenager where a chained prisoner was shot in the swamp and disappeared into the bog. The discovery opens a string of events that ties to several murders in that area that had occurred recently mostly to young runaways and prostitutes. The clues seem to point to a former friend of Dave's, Julius "Baby Feet" Balboni (John Goodman) whose ties with the mafia had caused the two to drift apart and become strained enemies. Julius denies knowing the prostitute whose murder is being investigated. However his story does not corroborate, leading Dave to suspect more to the story. Meanwhile, the discovery of a second body prompts the FBI to become involved in the case, and Dave is partnered with an agent called Rosie Gomez (Justina Machado) whose insight into the case gains Dave's respect and the pair team up to solve the case. Dave attends a birthday party for Michael Goldman (John Sayles) and after drinking a Dr. Pepper, becomes terribly uncoordinated during his drive home and crashes his truck, sending him off in a daze to the forest where he encounters a camp of Confederate soldiers, and their commanding officer General John Bell Hood (Levon Helm) who wishes to help Dave with his journey to solve these murders. When he awakens from his daze, he learns from Gomez that his drink had been laced with LSD. Later Dave's partner Lou Girard (Pruitt Taylor Vince), is found dead, apparently by shooting himself with a shotgun. Dave's queries to why Lou shot himself with the shotgun out of depression despite the easier handgun, are shrugged off that he was drunk and didn't know better. After the other officers leave the scene Dave takes the pistol strapped to Lou's ankle. Later Elrod drunkenly takes a boat out on a run of the swamp with Kelly, calling Dave when the pair get the boat engines caught in crab nets. Dave gives Kelly his coat as it is pouring down with rain, and a mysterious gunman shoots her in the chest, mistaking her for him. General Hood offers advice regarding the murders recently and Dave moves forward, shaking off the feelings of guilt over Kelly's death. Elrod moves in for a while so Dave can be an A.A. buddy for him. Later a pimp Cholo Manelli (Julio Cedillo) visits Dave and corroborates a suspect, Murphy Doucet (Bernard Hocke), who with his partner Twinkie Lemoyne (Ned Beatty) are responsible for the death of DeWitt Prejean, the skeleton found in the swamp. Dave arrests Doucet who gets out on bail and kidnaps Daves daughter Alafair (Alana Locke). Gomez and Dave force Baby Feet into telling them about a campsite Doucet owns and the pair head there to capture or kill him. Gomez is startled by Doucet bursting out of an outhouse and instinctively shoots him. Dave plants Lou's pistol in Doucet's hand to ensure that Gomez is cleared of any charges of murdering him. They free Alafair and return home. Dave, who had stopped seeing visions of General Hood after the case was solved determines that he was a figment of his imagination, a lingering spirit to help him through the most difficult case of his life. He moves on with his life, while Baby Feet, according to Dave was arrested for an issue that no one would have suspected, not as a mafia criminal, but as a tax dodger. Elrod moves on with his life, leaving his alcohol addiction behind; he gives Alafair a small role in the Civil War film, and claims that she alone was responsible for his recovery. As the movie ends, Alafair is looking through a book on the Civil War when she comes across a photograph of General John Bell Hood and his group of soldiers. She begins to turn the page but turns back and as we see a close up of the old photo; standing in the back among the Confederate soldiers, is Dave Robicheaux.
tt0080716
Drama,Music,Musical
At the New York School for Performing Arts, a group of teens and young adults audition and are admitted to achieve their goal of 'fame'. Opening at the auditions, seven very different young people are chosen to be accepted into the academy. They include: drama student Doris Finsecker (Maureen Teefy) who longs to be a famous actress on stage and screen; drama student Ralph 'Raul' Garcia (Barry Miller) who longs to have a career on stage; multi-talented Coco Hernandez (Irene Cara) who longs to have a career in drama, music, and dance; Leroy Johnson (Gene Anthony Ray) a troubled youth from a rough crime-ridden neighborhood who longs to be a dancer; Montgomery MacNeil (Paul McCrane) another drama student who longs to be a world-famous actor; Bruno Martelli (Lee Curreri) a music student seeking to make it big; and Lisa Monroe (Laura Dean) another dance student. During the auditions, several of the teachers are also introduced. They include the music teacher Mr. Shorofsky (Albert Hague); English and reading teacher Mrs. Sherwood (Anne Meara); dance and ballet teacher Miss Berg (Joanna Merlin); drama teacher Mr. Farrel (Jim Moody); and dance teacher and former dancer Ms. Grant (Debbie Allen). The movie then spans four years among the students and teachers lives told as four seperate consecutive 30-35 minute episodes each spaning over several months. FRESHMAN YEAR The new students learn on the first day of classes that academics are weighted equally with performance. Leroy clashes with Mrs. Sherwood in English class over his reluntance to learn every new topic. The naive and innocent Doris is overwhelmed by the energy and spontaneity in the lunchroom and flees, meeting Montgomery. Doris and Montgomery become friends, and Doris worries that she's too ordinary against the colorful personalities of the other students. As the year progresses, Coco tries to convince Bruno to book performing gigs with her. During a night on the town, Coco tells Bruno of her belief that she's "doing my last dance on this dark little planet" so it has to be spectacular. Leroy and Mrs. Sherwood continue to clash over Leroy's refusal to do homework. It is eventually revealed to the viewers that Leroy is illiterate and is also too ashamed to admit it to anyone. Meanwhile, Bruno and his working-class taxi driver father (Eddie Barth) argue over Bruno's reluctance to play his music publicly over his stage fright. One day in ballet class, Miss Berg warns Lisa she is not working hard enough. Graduating senior Michael (Boyd Gaines) wins a prestigious scholarship and before he leaves the academy, he tells Doris that the William Morris Agency wants to send him out for auditions for television pilots. SOPHOMORE YEAR Hilary van Doren (Antonia Franceschi) joins the school, and she and Coco clash over Leroy over both wanting to date both of them. Hilary seduces Leroy and learns his secret of being unable to read. Meanwhile, Bruno and Mr. Shorofsky debate the merits of traditional orchestras versus synthesized instruments. One day in drama class, as an acting exercise, Mr. Farrell has the students to try to divulge a painful memory. Ralph tells of learning about the death of Freddie Prinze. Doris relates her humiliation at being forced by her demanding and pushy stage actress mother to sing at a child's birthday party. Montgomery discusses discovering his homosexuality, and in the process comes out to the whole school, for which he is teased by Ralph wearing 'The Rocky Horror Picture Show' style drag. Meanwhile, Bruno's father continues to try to encourage his son to play his music and he plays Bruno's own music (the title song 'Fame') outside the school, inspiring the student body to dance in the streets and Coco to sing the song. A few weeks later, Miss Berg drops Lisa from the dance program. Lisa, after seemingly considering suicide by jumping in front of a moving subway train over her fear of being expelled from the school, instead drops her dance clothes on the subway tracks and declares: "Fuck it! If I can't dance, I'll change to the drama department." JUNIOR YEAR A few months later, Ralph and Doris discover their mutual attraction, but their growing intimacy leaves Montgomery feeling excluded. Meanwhile, Hilary brings Leroy home to shock her conservative father and stepmother over her dating this tough punk. One evening, Ralph's young sister is attacked by a junkie and Ralph lashes out at his insanely religious mother's attempts to comfort the severly injured child by taking her to the local Catholic church, instead of to a hospital. Doris also begins to question her Jewish upbringing, changing her name to "Dominique DuPont." One evening, she and Ralph attend a screening of 'The Rocky Horror Picture Show' at the 8th Street Playhouse, and during the "Time Warp" Doris rips off her blouse and joins the stage show. She becomes giddy the next day as she realizes that as an actress she can put on any personality she wants, but is sobered upon running into Michael, whom is not working, but struggling as an actor and waiting tables at a local restaurant. SENIOR YEAR Another few months later, Ralph follows in the footsteps of his idol Freddie Prinze and performs stand-up comedy at Catch a Rising Star and garners some initial success. He falls into a hard-party lifestyle and strains his relationship with Doris. Given a prime spot at a comedy club, he bombs after clashing with both Doris and Montgomery over his new lifestyle. Disgusted with himself, he believes his career is over, but Montgomery comforts him by telling him that his failing is part of the entertainment business. Meanwhile, Hilary is offered a spot with the San Francisco Ballet. But her chances might be jepordized when she learns that she is pregnant by Leroy. Desperate to take the spot, Hilary has an abortion. Elsewhere, Coco is approached in a diner by a sleazy guy (Steve Inwood) claiming to be a director. She goes to his apartment for a "screen test" and he forces her to undress in front of the camera. Leroy is offered a spot in Alvin Ailey's dance company, but to be accepted he must graduate as he continues to struggle with his illiteracy. He finds out that Mrs. Sherwood has not passed his final exam and becomes very angry. He finds Mrs. Sherwood at a local hospital while she's sitting outside her husband's hospital room while he is recovering from an apparent heart attack. Leroy lashes out at her for failing him. She lashes back and, chagrined, he comforts her over her personal situation with her spouse. In the final scene, at the graduation cerimony, the student body all comes together to perform the final, "I Sing the Body Electric". The opening lines are sung by Lisa, Coco, and Montgomery.
tt0107943
Drama,Romance
In 1950s England, Mr Stevens (Anthony Hopkins), the butler of Darlington Hall, receives a letter from Miss Kenton (Emma Thompson), who worked with him as housekeeper during the years prior to the Second World War. Twenty years later, Lord Darlington (James Fox) has died and his stately country manor has been sold to a retired American Congressman, Mr. Lewis (Christopher Reeve). Kenton reveals that her marriage has failed and that she is nostalgic for the days when she worked at the house. Stevens (now one of the few remaining servants from the Darlington era) goes to visit Miss Kenton, ostensibly to persuade her to return to service. The film flashes back to Kenton's arrival as housekeeper. At the time, Darlington Hall was frequented by many politicians of the interwar period, men who decided important affairs of state while there. Stevens, loyal and perfectionistic, calm and efficient, had to manage the household so that the servants seemed almost invisible, and he took great pride in his skills and his profession. He clashed with Miss Kenton, his equal in the household hierarchy, but displayed only understated irritation with her and others. Indeed, his utter focus and emotional repression were most fully displayed when his own father, also an employee, was dying; Stevens continued his duties without pause. Miss Kenton was equally efficient and strong-willed but warmer and less repressed. Relations between the two eventually warmed and Kenton even teased Stevens. It becomes clear that she had fallen in love with him, and perhaps he with her, though his feelings are left ambiguous. She tried to break through the wall, but Stevens' coldness was too formidable. Finally, she struck up a relationship with another man and married him, leaving the house just before the outbreak of World War II. Before her departure, she insulted Stevens, clearly out of distress that he had never expressed any emotional interest in her, but he still refused to be moved. When she cried in frustration, the only response he could muster was to call her attention to a domestic task. Lord Darlington used his influence to broker the policy of appeasement towards Nazi Germany. He irritated Congressman Lewis, one of the dignitaries at a conference, who argued in favour of the foreign policy being conducted by "professionals" rather than by "gentlemen amateurs". After reading the work of Houston Stewart Chamberlain, Lord Darlington commanded that two German-Jewish maids should be dismissed, considering their employment inappropriate. Stevens carried out the order but Miss Kenton almost resigned in protest, fearing that the girls would have to return to Germany; her own need for employment caused her to avoid following through. Darlington later regretted his decision and asked Stevens to reinstate the maids, but they could not be located. Darlington died a broken man, his reputation destroyed after he had been denounced a traitor in the Daily Mail. When asked about his former employer, Stevens at first denies having served or even met him but later admits to having served him. He recognises his former master's failings and indicates that he has regrets about his own life, as does Miss Kenton (now Mrs. Benn). However, Kenton declines Stevens' offer to return to Darlington Hall, announcing instead that she wants to remain with her husband, since their daughter is soon to present them with a grandchild. After the meeting, Stevens departs for Darlington Hall in a downpour of rain. Kenton cries, while Stevens, still unable to demonstrate any feeling, simply raises his hat. The film's final scene shows Stevens making the final preparations to Darlington Hall in preparation for the arrival of Congressman Lewis' family. As the two men enter the banquet hall, where a table tennis table now lies, Congressman Lewis reflects on the banquet that he attended in this room in 1935 and admits embarrassment over his comments. He asks Stevens if he remembers the comments, to which Stevens replies that he was too busy serving. Symbolically, a pigeon then flies into the room through the fireplace and becomes trapped in the hall. The two men eventually coax it out a window and it flees to freedom, leaving Stevens and Darlington Hall behind. In this movie appears Wolf Kahler who will later play Ludendorff, chemist and Fritz Shimon Haber's close friend in Haber (2008).
tt0084649
Animation,Adventure,Drama
Mrs. Brisby (Frisby in the original book) is a very shy, timid, and lonely mouse widow whose family is threatened by a premature warm spell, prompting the farmer to start his mowing early, endangering the cinder block she and her family call home. Normally she would simply pack up their things and move to a new spot in the field, but her younger son Timothy is too ill to be moved, forcing her to seek another alternative before it's too late. With the push of her local confidante, the Shrew, and the aid of a clumsy, love lorn crow named Jeremy, she goes to see the Great Owl, who, upon learning that she is the widow of a mouse named Jonathan Brisby, advises her to seek the aid of the mysterious rats who live in the rosebush outside the farmer's house. There, Mrs. Brisby learns of her deceased husband's past, and the secret of these rats, the Rats of NIMH, who agree to move her home before they abandon their underground colony for Thorn Valley, but Mrs. Brisby herself is endangered by the evil machinations of Jenner, a power hungry rat who seeks to overthrow the rats' leader Nicodemus so as to keep the rats in their underground colony, and will go so far as to endanger Mrs. Brisby's children to achieve his goals. Only Justin, the rats' gallant, Errol Flynn like captain of the guard, stands between Jenner and Mrs. Brisby, who must call upon the same courage her husband had if she is to save her family. ===================================================== Mrs Brisby is a widowed mouse who lives on a farm owned by a man named Fitzgibbons. She and her 4 children, Martin, Theresa, Cynthia and Timmy live in a cinderblock in one of Fitzgibbons' fields. Every year, before Fitzgibbons plows the field to plant his crops, the family moves to their summer home to avoid the tractor. Nearby is another mouse, Dr Ages, who is the family doctor. Brisby visits Ages to get a remedy for Timmy, who has come down with pneumonia, potentially delaying the summer move. Fitzgibbons decides one day to begin plowing the field early. Brisby desperately tries to disable the farmer's tractor and freezes while climbing up the mechanism. Auntie Shrew intervenes and pulls out the tractor's gas line, halting the machine. While Mrs Brisby sobs over her predicament, Auntie tells her to be braver for her family's sake and suggests she visit the Great Owl, the wisest creature in the forest. Brisby is hesitant, since owls eat mice, but she goes. With the help of a new found friend, Jeremy, a crow hoping to meet Miss Right, and whom Mrs Brisby untangled from a pile of string he was trapped in, she meets with the fearsome owl, who merely tells her that she must move her family. Mrs Brisby explains the complication with her son Timmy and the owl tells her he has no solution. As he leaves, he learns her last name and becomes more helpful because her husband, Jonathan, was well known and respected throughout the woods. The Owl tells Mrs Brisby to go to the colony of rats that live in the farmer's rose bush and ask them for help. He specifically tells her to have the rats move her house to "the lee of the stone", the protected side of a large rock in the field that Fitzgibbons avoids when plowing. Mrs Brisby sneaks into the rose bush and finds that the rats have built a very modern colony that makes use of electricity that they pilfer from Fitzgibbons. She also meets Dr Ages there, whom at first tells her the rose bush is off-limits but is astonished that she had met with the Great Owl and lived. They are discovered by the rats' captain of the guard, Justin, who takes them to the rats' Senate room. As they enter, a charismatic rat, Jenner, is railing to the council about the plan of the rats' leader, Nicodemus, who wants to abandon the rose bush and move to a location called Thorn Valley where they'll found a new colony based on their own labors, rather than stealing supplies from the farmer. Jenner is opposed to the idea and even suggest that they wage war against any humans who attempt to drive them out. Justin and Ages make Mrs Brisby's case to the council, who agree to the request because she is Jonathan Brisby's wife. In a sinister private meeting with his associate, Sullivan, Jenner plots to have Nicodemus killed during the operation and make it look accidental. Justin takes Mrs Brisby to meet with Nicodemus. A very old, kind and wise leader, he tells Mrs Brisby the rats' history: they were all lab animals imprisoned in NIMH, the National Institutes of Mental Health. Injected with experimental compounds, the rats developed intelligent brains and were able to escape their cages, along with several mice including Jonathan and Mr Ages. During their escape, all but two of the mice, Johnathan and Mr Ages, were sucked into the ventilation system by strong air gusts. When the party were trapped by a vent grating, Jonathan was small enough to crawl through and open the grate. The rats subsequently owed Jonathan their lives and he continued to work with them while they built their colony. Some months prior to Mrs Brisby's visit to the rose bush, Jonathan had been killed by Fitzgibbons' ornery and fearsome cat, Dragon, whom the rats had been trying to drug. Nicodemus gives Brisby a large red amulet and tells her that it has great supernatural powers when someone shows true courage of the heart. Nicodemus says that the rats will be happy to repay their life debt to Jonathan's family and will move her home. For the operation to succeed, Dragon will have to be drugged. Mrs Brisby, feeling she should participate, volunteers to spike Dragon's feeding dish. The only way into Fitzgibbons' kitchen is through a small hole under a sideboard, a hole too small for any rat. The plan goes well until Mrs Brisby runs back and is trapped by Fitzgibbons' son. Justin leaves her, having to supervise the operation, promising to come back for her. While she's trapped in a bird cage, Brisby overhears Fitzgibbons on the phone with NIMH, who want to come to his farm and capture the rats. Brisby realizes the situation is now more desperate and escapes the bird cage by knocking out its small water cup. At the site of the Brisby home, the rats have constructed an elaborate system of ropes and blocks and tackles to lift the cinderblock. While the block is being swung towards the stone, Jenner cuts the anchoring lines with his sword and the block falls, narrowly missing Nicodemus, however, the heavy gears and rope fall on him, killing him. Jenner declares the operation a failure and suggests they leave when Mrs Brisby arrives. Justin tells her that her family is alive but Nicodemus is dead. She suddenly remembers her urgent news that NIMH will be at the farm tomorrow and tells the rats they must leave tonight. Jenner refuses to believe her and tells the rats that he will take over leadership of the colony. When Mrs Brisby insists she's telling the truth, Jenner strikes her and notices that she's wearing the amulet. Attempting to seize it from her, Justin intervenes and fights with Jenner until he wounds him. Jenner admits that he'd caused the accident that killed Nicodemus, saying that the plan to move the colony would fail. As he moves in to kill Justin, Sullivan kills Jenner with a thrown dagger and succumbs to his own wound, inflicted by Jenner himself when he'd given his own sword to Justin during the fight. Moments later, Mrs Brisby sees that her house has begun to sink into the mud, taking her children with it. A futile attempt to rig a new roping system fails and Brisby herself vainly pulls at the remaining ropes as the house sinks under the surface. Justin rescues her, holding her back. As she looks on in horror, the amulet suddenly bursts from the mud, brightly glowing, and places itself around her neck. Using the power that Nicodemus spoke of, she raises the house from the mud and moves it to the lee side of the stone. Brisby's children are safe and she faints from exhaustion. The next morning, with Timmy on the mend from his pneumonia and the now-abandoned rose bush being inspected by NIMH, Jeremy arrives with mounds of string that he'd been collecting to build a love nest and finds the Brisby home already moved and even camouflaged by the natural vegetation. He asks Brisby for the amulet, however, she'd given it to Justin before they'd left the rose bush. While he laments that he wasn't able to help move the house, a female crow suddenly flies into him. The two become immediately infatuated. While Brisby's daughter wraps her mother's hands which were burned by the amulet, Auntie Shrew arrives for a visit, bringing groans from Martin as Jeremy and his new love fly off.
tt1235796
Drama,Mystery,Romance
ONDINE is a lyrical modern fairy tale that tells the story of Syracuse (Colin Farrell), an Irish fisherman whose life is transformed when he catches a beautiful and mysterious woman (Alicja Bachleda) in his nets. She says her name is Ondine, which means "she came from the sea". His daughter Annie (Alison Barry) comes to believe that the woman is a selkie, a magical seal/woman creature, while Syracuse falls helplessly in love. In the Celtic myth, a selkie is able to become human by taking off her seal coat, and can return to seal form by putting it back on. However, like all fairy tales, enchantment and darkness go hand in hand. Annie hopes that Ondine has come to live on land for 7 years and that she can use her selkie wish to cure Annie's kidney failure. Whenever Ondine is onboard Syracuse's fishing boat, she sings a siren song, and his nets and lobster pots are full of fish and seafood in tremendous numbers hard to believe. However, being Irish, Syracuse (or "Circus" the nickname he is trying to outlive, one he has earned for his previous hard drinking ways) is mistrustful of good luck, with it comes bad. Is Ondine really a selkie, will she stay, can love be trusted? What is Ondine's real secret? And who is the menacing man lurking around town spying on her? Is he her selkie husband come to claim her back to the sea? Written and directed by Neil Jordan and shot against the Irish coast's magical backdrop by cinematographer Christopher Doyle - ONDINE is a story of love, hope, and the unwavering belief in the impossible.
tt1582271
Drama,Thriller
Dr. Martin Ploeck (Played by Orlando Bloom), who has spent his life looking for respect, meets an 18-year-old patient named Diane, suffering from a kidney infection, and gets a much-needed boost of self-esteem. However, when her health starts improving, Martin fears losing her, so he begins tampering with her treatment, keeping Diane sick and in the hospital right next to him.
tt0117774
Action,Crime,Drama
The plot revolves around Shale (Berenger), a mercenary and a Vietnam veteran who goes undercover as a high school teacher in Miami to combat a gang. In the beginning of the film Shale comes home from a disastrous mission where three of his men were killed in an operation in Cuba. He arrives in Miami to find out that a knee-cap attack has left his girlfriend Jane Hetzko with a broken leg. Shale decides to play the part of a Harvard-educated substitute teacher and recruit his former soldiers (Raymond Cruz, Luis Guzmn, Richard Brooks, and William Forsythe) in order to find the culprits. While teaching history, Shale crosses paths with "Kings of Destruction" (KOD) gang leader Juan Lacas (Marc Anthony). Shale realizes that Lacas is responsible for Jane's attack, but that is just the tip of the iceberg of his nefarious activities. Shale's team infiltrates the school and sets up military surveillance gear throughout the bathrooms and corridors which lead to the discovery that Lacas is in cahoots with principal Rolle (Ernie Hudson) to use the school buses and their secret storage compartments as conduits for a heroin distribution ring in the greater Miami area.
tt0145531
Horror
A man walks into a church that is filled with worshipers, all holding candles and staring at a sculpture at the front altar. He steps forward and observes a white statue of the Virgin Mary, with two streams of red tears flowing out of its eyes. As another priest greets him, you learn that the man is Father Andrew Kiernan, an investigator sent from the Vatican to determine the validity of divine occurrences. The priest explains to Father Kiernan that the tears began flowing when Father Almedia died; his body still on display in a coffin to the side of the statue. While Father Kiernan takes pictures and samples of the liquid, a small young boy steals the rosary wrapped around Father Almedia's hands in the coffin. In a local market, the boy sells the rosary to an older white woman, while a local stall vendor warns them that it isn't right to steal from the dead. In Pittsburg, Frankie Paige (Patricia Arquette) lives a fast and free lifestyle, working at a hair salon and partying with her friends at clubs. After a long night of partying, she wakes up to a phone call from her mother. Her mom was the lady at the Brazilian market, and had sent Frankie a package of trinkets and gifts from her travels - the rosary among the presents. Frankie gives the gifts a cursory look, and stares at the rosary after she hangs up the phone. While examining the rosary, she suddenly feels extremely nauseous and vomits. Meeting up with her friend before they head to work, they both consider the possibility that Frankie is pregnant. After a day at the salon, Frankie relaxes at home in a hot bath. Suddenly, a dove flies frantically around her apartment, and Frankie is suddenly thrown under the water in the bath, struggling with an unseen force. Flashes between nails being driving into a man's wrist, and wounds developing on Frankie's fill the screen. Her friend finds her at home in the bath with blood everywhere, and rushes her to the hospital. While a surgeon attempts to sew up the two wounds, she explains that they look like they were done by a single sharp object driven through her wrists. The staff believes they are self-inflicted, though Frankie denies it. Back in Rome, Father Kiernan comes back to give in his report about a Virgin Mary sighting in a wall in Brazil. He mentions the statue that he discovered, but is quickly directed to drop the subject by the head priest. Frustrated, the Father accepts the church's decision. Frankie and her friend are riding the subway home, when Frankie suddenly stands up from her seat to confront a priest at the end of the car. She asks the man if he is Andrew, and when he replies no, she swears, and suddenly the train runs wild. Passengers are thrown around the car, while Frankie is now being whipped on the back by an unseen force. Finding herself again at the hospital enduring rigorous tests, the doctors finally conclude that she may have a case of epilepsy. While leaving the hospital, the priest from the subway meets her in the waiting room, hands her his card, and says that when she is up to talking to him, he wants to ask her about "stigmata." News of Frankie's "attacks" have made the papers, and the Vatican has decided to send Father Andrew Kiernan to Pittsburg, and investigate the occurrences. He is told to quiet the situation, and defuse any rumors of stigmata. Upon arrival, there is an instant connection between himself and Frankie. They have a coffee at the diner, while Father Andrew starts the interview. After Frankie explains that she isn't religious, and doesn't even believe in God, Father Andrew explains that what is happening cannot be stigmata, as it only afflicts the extremely devout. After showing the wounds on her wrist that still haven't healed, he looks confused, but still does not relent. Frankie storms out, frustrated that this glimmer of explanation and hope did not amount to anything. That night, Frankie meets her friend at their usual club. She is clearly distressed - feeling that God is doing this to her, and that she just wants everything to stop. After her friend tells her that she is losing it, Frankie storms off only to be halted by another attack - this time scratches and slashes on her forehead. Bloody and hurt, she runs from the club in the rain. She reaches her apartment door, and sees Father Andrew ringing her bell. He sees her, but Frankie runs. Father Andrew discovers her crouching on a car in an alleyway, scratching symbols into the paint with a broken bottle. He walks towards her, and Frankie stands up bellowing something in a foreign language in a man's voice. She collapses, and Father Andrew carries her into her apartment. Father Andrew calls his friend in Rome and replays the phrase Frankie yelled - the friend explains that it is an ancient dialect of Aramaic - the language of Jesus.
tt1183923
Drama
Doug Riley and his wife Lois have been living a half life since their daughter Emily was killed eight years ago. Doug has been having an affair with a waitress named Vivian. Lois has struggled for years, harboring a secret and devastating sense of guilt for her daughter's death. She's withdrawn herself and hidden away from the outside world, relying on hairdressers who make house calls, her sister Harriet and a local pastor. After Vivian dies, Doug is lost. On a business trip to New Orleans he finds himself standing at a crossroads. Later in a strip club, a 16 year old lap-dancer named Mallory invites Doug for extra services in a private room. He turns her offer of sex down but ends up driving her home to a run down apartment. Doug makes his own proposition to offer her $100 a day for staying at her place in order to get his head together. No sex. No strings. Mallory agrees. Doug calls Lois and tells her that he cannot come home. Then he and Mallory settle into a certain kind of domesticity even though Mallory is always wandering around naked and offering sex. Helpless on her own, Lois, who was previously unable to make it 20 yards to the mailbox, realizes that she must take action to save her marriage. For the first time in 8 years, she manages to reach her car and starts heading south, after a couple failed attempts. Back in Louisiana, Doug has tidied Mallory's apartment and begins trying to clean up her life. Lois, with a paper bag ready in hand in case of hyperventilation, finally arrives in New Orleans and is shocked to find her husband living with a foul-mouthed under-aged hooker. After notiing the similarity between her daughter and Mallory, Lois decides to stay in the apartment as well. The three of them form an unusual family relationship. Mallory balks when Lois tries to dissuade her from turning tricks and dancing, and they have a small row, whereupon Mallory runs off, presumably to work. She is subsequently arrested, and calls Doug. Doug and Lois pick Mallory up, but while driving back to the apartment, Mallory runs from the car. She explains when she turns back for a moment that she's "...not somebody's little girl. It's too late for that", and darts off into the darkness of the streets. Doug and Lois realize that she not only isn't their daughter, she can never be, and they return to Indianapolis. Several weeks later, Mallory calls Doug, and tells him she's on her way to Las Vegas. He tells her that he and Lois are there, and will be there, whenever she wants to call.
tt0116705
Comedy,Family
Howard Langston (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is a hard working employee at a mattress company, and is stuck doing extra work on the day his son, Jamie (Jake Lloyd), is earning a purple belt in karate. Despite his promise to make it, he runs into trouble with a traffic jam and Officer Alexander Hummel (Robert Conrad), a sadistic cop from hell who forces him to do a sobriety test after catching him speeding on the shoulder. Because of all this, he ends up missing the karate class. In order to make it up to Jamie, he promises to get him anything he wants for Christmas. What he wants is the immensely popular "Turbo Man" doll, based on the Saturday-morning live action TV show of the same name. Unfortunately, Howard had promised to buy it earlier in the year and, as is the habit with him, promptly forgotten about it. To add further salt to the wound, his wife, Liz (Rita Wilson), informs him that since the dolls are the must-have gifts of the season, they are virtually impossible to find especially this close to Christmas. Desperate to not disappoint his family again, Howard sets off on a wild goose chase all over Minneapolis-St.Paul to find the doll. At the first store he gets to, he meets Myron Larabee (Sinbad), a post office worker who son wants one too. It is eventually revealed that this is going to be a "no holds barred" scavenger hunt, with lots of shoving, fighting, arguing, and worse. Throughout Howard's quest, the many stores he hits and the chaos that ensues at each one ultimately results in nothing, and at one point he has another run in with Officer Hummell when he accidentally knocks over his squad motorcycle. During a stopover at the Mall of America, Howard is lured into buying a doll from a con Santa (Jim Belushi), who is the leader of a large counterfeit toy-making operation. Unsurprisingly, he pays $500 for a Spanish speaking doll that falls apart the moment he opens the box. Angered at being ripped off, he accuses the Santas of undermining the values of Christmas and ends up in a brawl with them. The police show up to bust the ring, and Howard manages to get out of trouble by posing as an undercover cop using a toy badge. Later, Howard arrives at Mickey's Diner and uses their pay phone to call home. Jamie answers, and Howard unintentionally scolds him over Turbo Man when he tries to get him to hand the phone to Liz. In turn, Jamie rebukes Howard for never keeping his promises and hangs up. Liz overhears the conversation and becomes disappointed in Howard. Howard encounters Myron at the diner, and they attempt to patch things up by sharing their woe stories; Myron explains that when he was young, his father was unable to buy him a Johnny Seven OMA action figure on Christmas. Their conversation is interrupted when they hear on the KQRS radio station that the disc jockey is holding a Turbo Man competition, and whoever can name all eight of Santa's reindeer wins it! Resuming their rivalry, they barge into the studio (prompting the freaked-out disc jockey to call the police) and give the correct answer, only to discover that the prize is just a gift certificate. Enraged, Myron threatens the disc jockey with a small package from his mailbag which he claims is a mail bomb, but it turns out to be a fake. The police soon arrive (along with Officer Hummell), and Myron bluffs them into backing off by pulling out a much bigger package and claiming it to be a bomb too (unaware that it actually is one). Officer Hummell inspects it and declares that it is harmless, only for it to explode in his face when he tries to open it. After returning to the diner to find that his car has been stripped and spray-painted by thieves, Howard decides to give up the search and returns home to explain everything to Liz, only to discover his next door neighbor, Ted (Phil Hartman),(who always seems to be homing in on Liz when he is not around) in his house putting his star on his tree! His blood boiling with anger, Howard exacts revenge by breaking into Ted's house and stealing the Turbo Man doll he bought for his son, Johnny. However, he has a change of heart at the last minute as he could not see himself stealing from a child. Before he has a chance to replace it and escape, he is confronted by Ted's pet reindeer and he unintentionally sets some stuff on fire in the ensuing chaos. This causes him to be caught by Ted and a distraught Liz, who both leave to attend the Holiday Wintertainment Parade with Jamie and Johnny. Broken, Howard decides to to keep the one promise he can, by making his way to the parade to be with his family. Meanwhile, Ted attempts to make a pass at Liz, only to be hit with a thermos of eggnog after she sees who he really is. Upon arriving at the parade, Howard runs into a bandaged Officer Hummell and accidentally drenches him with hot chocolate. In the ensuing chase, Howard escapes into a preparations room for the parade where he is mistaken for a replacement for the actor who will play Turbo Man on the so-themed float. And best of all, he gets the opportunity to pick a child to present a coveted limited-edition Turbo Man doll! Who else does he pick but Jamie! But before Jamie recognizes him, Myron appears dressed as Turbo Man's archenemy, Dementor (having bound and gagged the real actor), and chases Jamie all around the street, with the crowd thinking that this is part of the act. Howard does his best to keep up, but has little skill in controlling the Turbo Man suit. In the end, he defeats Myron and saves both Jamie and the doll. Jamie is sad that his dad wasn't there to see it...until Howard removes his helmet to reveal his true identity! Meanwhile, Myron is being hauled off by the police, dismayed by his ultimate failure to retrieve the doll and give it to his son for Christmas. Touched by his words, Jamie gives it to him saying that he no longer needs it since his father is the real Turbo Man! Myron and Howard apologize and become friends, and Howard apologizes to a shocked Officer Hummell for everything. He is declared a hero and is crowd-surfed away. At home, Christmas Eve is finally spent right, as the star is mounted on the tree, and everyone's happy. Liz is so happy that Howard was willing to do so much to get a present for Jamie, that it has her wondering what he got for her. The shocked expression on his face tells the whole story. Uh oh!
tt0963194
Horror,Musical,Sci-Fi
The film opens with a series of comic-book panels that explain how an epidemic of organ failures devastated the planet in the future ("Depraved Heart Murder at Sanitarium Square"). Out of the tragedy, GeneCo, a multi-billion dollar biotech company, emerged. GeneCo provides organ transplantation for profits. In addition to financing options, GeneCo reserves the right to implement default remedies, including repossession. For those who can't keep up with their organ payments, collection is the responsibility of "organ repo men", skilled assassins contracted by GeneCo. Repo men are ordered to recover GeneCo's property by any means necessary. One such Repo Man stalks and kills a client whose heart is then repossessed ("Genetic Repo Man"). The president of GeneCo, Rotti Largo (Paul Sorvino), learns that he is dying, while Shilo Wallace (Alexa Vega), a 17 year-old girl with a rare blood disease that she's been told she inherited from her deceased mother, sneaks through underground tunnels to her mother's mausoleum ("Things You See in a Graveyard (Part One)"). Shilo follows a bug out of the mausoleum in an attempt to catch it, and in the process, runs into GraveRobber (Terrance Zdunich), who is busy digging underground. They flee from GenCops and enter a massive underground graveyard ("21st Century Cure"). After passing out from blood-pressure problems, Shilo wakes up ("Shilo Wakes") to her overprotective father, Nathan Wallace (Anthony Head). He has been keeping her locked in their house for 17 years due to her disease. Shilo is bitter towards her deceased mother for giving her this disease ("Infected"). Nathan, upset, gets ready for work as the head Repo Man for GeneCo ("Legal Assassin"). He takes great pride in his work, but knows that he can never reveal it to Shilo in fear of breaking her trust. Rotti's children, Luigi Largo (Bill Moseley), Pavi Largo (Nivek Ogre), and Amber Sweet (Paris Hilton), meet at a GeneCo warehouse for inventory and the two brothers begin to bicker over who will be chosen to inherit GeneCo after Rotti dies ("Mark It Up"). Rotti, however, begins to take an interest in Shilo ("Things You See in a Graveyard (Part Two)"), whom he invites to GeneCo's Genetic Opera ("Limo Ride"). Nathan, meanwhile, repossess a defaulted intestine and uses the victim as a puppet ("Thankless Job"). Luigi kills two of his subordinates ("Largo's Little Helpers") while Genterns successfully attach a new face to Pavi ("Genterns"). The two siblings get on the nerves of Blind Mag (Sarah Brightman), a famous pop-opera singer who sings for GeneCo. When she tells them to behave, they argue back. Amber joins in and begins to harass Mag about being her replacement ("Luigi, Pavi, Amber Harass Mag"). Rotti then introduces Mag to Shilo ("Seeing You Stirs Memories"), who Mag thought died at birth. Nathan, while working and repossessing a spine, calls Shilo, who is at Sanitarium Square being guarded by Rotti's henchgirls while he's busy ("Inopportune Telephone Call"). GraveRobber arrives and helps Shilo slip away from the henchgirls ("GraveRobber and Shilo Escape"). Rotti, meanwhile, announces that Blind Mag will be performing her final song. He also announces that his daughter, Amber, will be the spokesperson for the newly revealed Zydrate Support Network, a rehabilitation center for those addicted to the powerful painkiller Zydrate ("Zydrate Support Network"). Shilo watches as GraveRobber explains Zydrate, harvested from the brains of corpses and peddled to addicts. Those who are addicted to surgery, including Amber, need Zydrate to ease the pain. Amber arrives and gets a shot of it, explaining in the process that she will be replacing Blind Mag after Mag's eyes, which she got from GeneCo, get repossessed after her final song ("Zydrate Anatomy"). GenCops arrive and everyone scrambles to escape, except for Amber and her two valets, who hold her up as she passes out in a drug-induced haze. Nathan delivers the repossessed spine to Rotti, and he gives Nathan his next target - Blind Mag. Nathan refuses ("Who Ordered Pizza?"). Rotti, Pavi, and Luigi follow Nathan as he kills another victim, trying to guilt him into repossessing Blind Mag's eyes ("Night Surgeon"). He still refuses, and leaves once done with the victim. Later, Rotti sends his henchgirls to accompany Blind Mag to Shilo's house, where Blind Mag reveals to Shilo that she is Shilo's godmother, having been good friends with Shilo's mother Marni before she died. Blind Mag was sent by Rotti to convince Shilo to come to tonight's Genetic Opera. However, she also warns Shilo about GeneCo ("Chase the Morning"). Nathan arrives and, mad at Mag, starts an argument before kicking her out of his house ("Come Back!"). After trying to tell her dad that a Repo Man will take Blind Mag's eyes, Nathan tells her that there's no such thing as Repo Men and sends her to bed. When she argues, he asks what she, a seventeen year old, could possibly do ("What Chance Has a 17 Year Old Girl?"). Shilo retorts that it's better than being forty ("Seventeen"). Amber, meanwhile, complains to her father that her latest surgery was botched, ruining her face. Rotti explains that he told her not to get so many surgeries. However, he eventually tells her that he'll take care of it ("Happiness is Not a Warm Scalpel"). After she leaves, Rotti voices his opinion that the only persistent thing in the world is gold and signs his will, which shows Shilo as his sole benefactor. Nathan discovers GenCops in his basement whose mission is to find the "rogue Repo Man" ("Nathan Discovers Rotti's Plan"). After realizing that Shilo isn't home, Nathan discovers that the GenCops have stolen Marni's body from the basement ("Tonight We Are Betrayed"). Everyone gets ready for the Genetic Opera (Nathan puts on his Repo Man gear, Blind Mag walks through the cemetery on the way to the opera house, Amber picks up a last hit of Zydrate before the show, etc.) ("At the Opera Tonight"). GraveRobber, meanwhile, believes that there will be a bloodbath at the Genetic Opera, and that whoever survives it will inherit GeneCo ("Bloodbath!"). The stories intertwine as everyone arrives at the GeneCo Genetic Opera, where the performance begins ("We Started This Op'ra Shit!"). Amber takes the stage for her premier as a singer, but her solo song is cut short when she trips and her face falls off ("Blame Not My Cheeks"). Mag begins singing her final song, ending it by gouging out her own eyes, stating that she'd rather be blind ("Chromaggia"). The cords suspending her in the air begin to snap "accidentally", dropping and impaling Mag on metal rods of a fence, killing her ("Mag's Fall"). Rotti insists that it's part of the performance and convinces the audience to stay by saying that he will cure Shilo's illness ("Pice De Rsistance"). Shilo attacks Nathan in his Repo Man gear by hitting him in the head with a shovel, as Rotti instructed her to do earlier. Shilo realizes that the Repo Man is her father ("Let the Monster Rise"). Rotti then reveals Nathan to be the man who's been making Shilo sick by giving her poisonous "medication" ("The Man Who Made You Sick"). Nathan explains that he was only doing so to keep her away from the world, which he knew to be a terrible place. Rotti then tells Shilo that if she kills her father, she will inherit GeneCo ("Cut the Ties"). When she refuses, Rotti uses the last of his strength to shoot Nathan ("Shilo Turns Against Rotti"). Rotti then dies, on-stage, from his disease. Shilo and Nathan say goodbye to each other before Nathan dies from his wound ("I Didn't Know I'd Love You So Much"). Shilo leaves, free from her genetic destiny ("Genetic Emancipation"). The following day, GraveRobber reads about Shilo turning down the inheritance of GeneCo ("Epitaph"). Amber takes control over GeneCo in her place, and auctions off the face that fell off to her brother Pavi. Provided by Wikipedia.com.
tt1073105
Adventure,Horror,Thriller
Two days after the events of the first film, Sarah (Shauna Macdonald) is washed away to safety with no memory of the events of the last time she was in the cave. She is taken to a hospital, where it is revealed some of the blood on her matches that of Juno Kaplan (Natalie Mendoza). Sheriff Vaines (Gavan O'Herlihy) demands that along with his deputy Elen Rios (Krysten Cummings), Sarah and three specialists - Dan (Douglas Hodge), Greg (Joshua Dallas) and Cath (Anna Skellern), must go back into the cave to find the missing women. A new entrance is found with the help of a sniffer dog. The team members are sent down via an old mine shaft operated by the old, mysterious Ed Oswald (Michael J. Reynolds). Whilst crawling through a narrow tunnel in the caves, Sarah has a flashback of what happened in the caves, and in a nervous panic, attacks Vaines, Greg and Elen and runs off deeper into the caves. Vaines pursues Sarah but eventually runs into a crawler and fires a shot that causes part of the cave to collapse, separating Cath from the rest of the group. Elen, Dan and Greg arrive in a room full of bones where they find the video camera used by Holly in the first film. They watch the playback, which reveals the women were attacked by the cave dwelling 'crawlers.' Then, the three are attacked by a group of crawlers and separate. The trio split, and Elen starts calling for help, alerting the crawlers to her location, but is stopped by Sarah, who warns Elen that the crawlers hunt via sound. The two then watch as a crawler attacks and kills Dan, ripping his throat open and dragging him away. Later, Cath escapes and kills a crawler and runs into Greg. The two climbing away from a crawler and using their radio to divert the pursuing crawler away from them. They travel deeper into the cave and find Sam hanging lifelessly. They decide to try to use her to swing across the chasm, but are both attacked by crawlers. Greg falls below, whilst tackling a female crawler, and although Cath makes it to the other side, she is attacked and killed by another crawler once she gets there. Elen and Sarah wander deeper into the cave, and kill another crawler before Elen reveals she has a daughter, which makes Sarah more determined to escape. Vaines is wandering around the cave and is about to be killed by a crawler before he is saved by Juno, who is revealed to be alive and an expert in hunting the crawlers. Later, all four meet up again. Juno and Sarah immediately fight, but then they all decide it's best they work together to escape and survive. Juno leads them off into the feeding pit, which she claims is also the exit. Vaines handcuffs Sarah to him so she can't leave them to die like she did to Juno. As they progress, Vaines falls over a ledge and is attacked by crawlers from below. Elen cuts off his hand to save Sarah from falling and to prevent the crawlers from attacking them as well. At the film's climax, Elen, Sarah and Juno reach the exit, but are blocked by a small group of crawlers. As they try to tip-toe around the crawlers, Juno is grabbed by a dying Greg. Juno screams in surprise, which gets the attention of four crawlers. Greg dies and the women are left to fight off the crawlers. The battle is tough, but Elen, Sarah and Juno kill a crawler each. After that, Sarah sees that Juno is losing the battle to a crawler larger than the others and strangles the crawler from behind. Tensing up, the crawler rips into Juno's stomach, mortally wounding her. She and Sarah finish it off before Juno dies in Sarah's arms. As Sarah mourns for her loss, Elen turns around to leave, but finds them surrounded by a large group of crawlers. Sarah, with the need to redeem herself for Juno's suffering and nothing to lose, screams to draw attention to herself, allowing Elen to escape. Elen reaches the outside and is about to call for help when she is attacked by Ed, who hits her with a shovel and drags her back to the entrance to be food for the crawlers. As Elen recovers from the hit, a bloodied crawler jumps out at her as the movie ends.
tt0167427
Comedy,Romance
Mary Kathering Ghallagher (Molly Shannon) wants one thing in life, a kiss. Not just any kiss mind you. She wants a Hollywood fireworks type kiss. The only way that she can get what she wants is to become like all those people she saw on T.V. She had to become a SUPERSTAR! Sky Corrigan (Will Ferrell) is her passion and she will do anything to get his lips. Then the perfect opportunity arises. Catholic Teen Magazine is sponsoring the talents show and the prize is the chance to become an extra in a movie with positive moral values. This doesn't go along without a few comical obstacles along the way. This comical parody of a Catholic teen girl's life is sure to evoke laughter from the whole family. Will Mary's dreams come true? Does she have what it takes to become the next big thing a SUPERSTAR!?
tt1456060
Action,Crime,Drama
In this riveting and gritty psychological-thriller, a young boy witnesses the brutal murder of his mother during a Brooklyn car-jacking leaving him to be raised by his alcoholic father (Bill Sage, Handsome Harry, 2010 Best Picture-nominee Precious, If Lucy Fell). Now a 17-year-old loner, Sean Donovan (Caleb Steinmeyer, HBOs True Blood, ABCs Lost) is relentlessly haunted by his past and obsessed with finding his mothers killer. Drawn into a nocturnal urban underworld, Seans consuming rage is vented one night, defending himself from a chaotic attack by a drug dealer. Thus begins his life as a quiet, straight-A student by day and a self-appointed hero at night. Investigating a series of vigilante murders, hot-shot new homicide detective Teresa Ames (Zulay Henao, Fighting, S. Darko, Feel the Noise) broken by her own troubled life takes an interest in Sean and his case. Yet the closer Teresa gets, the more suspicious she becomes. Engaged in a twisting game of cat and mouse, Sean and Teresa become allies by day and enemies by night. But what is a real hero? Who decides what is right or wrong? As the boundaries between justice and vengeance blur, Seans dual life wears on his psyche and his two worlds careen dangerously close to colliding. Like a graphic novel you cant put down, Boy Wonder challenges morality, distorting perceptions of what is right and what is justified, as it races to its shocking conclusion. Written and directed by Michael Morrissey, who makes his feature film debut, Boy Wonder also stars James Russo (Public Enemies, Extremities) and Tracy Middendorf (HBOs Boardwalk Empire, Mission Impossible III).
tt1262981
Comedy,Drama
Lance Clayton (Robin Williams) is an aspiring writer that has never gotten any of his works published so he settles for working as a poetry teacher at the school his son, Kyle (Darly Sabara), attends. One morning Lance walks into his son's room to find him masturbating and practicing autoerotic asphyxiation. Lance thinks he is dead but Kyle just tells him he's fine and to leave the room. On the car ride to school Lance unsuccessfully tries to bond with Kyle, who repeatedly calls him and the music Lance likes a "fag". While walking through school Lance bumps into a fellow teacher, Claire (Alexie Gilmore), whom he is dating. In the hallway at school, Kyle shows his friend, Andrew (Evan Martin), some European porn but Andrew finds it disgusting. As an attractive girl, Jennifer (Ellie Jameson) walks by, Kyle makes a sexual remark which causes him to get into a fight with another boy nearby. They all get called into the principal's office where the principal (Geoff Pierson) advises Lance to that Kyle should transfer "special needs" school. Lance finds out Mike (Henry Simmons), one of his colleagues, has published an article on a famous magazine. Lance tries to look happy for him, but can't help but feel a bit jealous as he notices Claire taking an interest in Mike. When Lance gets home he finds Andrew on the computer and asks Kyle to send him home. Kyle says he can't because Andrew's mom is an alcoholic. Lance decides to let him stay. Lance calls Claire while getting ready to go to her house for dinner like they had planned, but Claire cancels on him. Lance spots Claire and Mike having a couple of laughs at the school parking lot so Lance asks Claire if she likes Mike. Claire storms off angry but later makes up with Lance. Later that night Claire cancels yet another date so Lance settles with smoking pot for the night. The next day, while Lance and Kyle are at the mall they spot Claire with Mike. Kyle ditches Lance and decides to go home with Andrew to plug in the new computer screen Lance just bought him. That night, Lance, Kyle, and Claire go out to a fancy restaurant for dinner. While they are eating Kyle secretly takes a picture of Claire's underwear with his cell phone from under the table. After dinner, Lance drops off Kyle first and then drops off Claire but refuses her offer to have sex. When Lance gets back home he discovers that Kyle has died as a result of practicing autoerotic asphyxiation. To save Kyle and himself embarrassment, Lance buttons up Kyle's pants, hangs Kyle's body from the closet and writes a fake suicide letter in order to fake Kyle's suicide. Once Lance returns to school, he bumps into Andrew in the hallway. Andrew tells Lance that Kyle didnt seem sad enough to commit suicide but Lance just blows him off by saying Kyle was a "complicated guy". One day, feeling sad, Kyle calls Claire looking for someone to talk to but Claire is at one of Mike's basketball games and blows him off. Lance bakes weed brownies and takes them to his neighbor's house just to have someone to talk to. Sharing an interest in zombie movies, the neighbor invites Lance to watch a zombie marathon on tv, Lance accepts gladly. When Kyle's suicide note, or better yet Lance's, is published in the school newspaper, all attention turns towards Lance as Claire pays more attention to him and more students switch from Mike's class to Lance's. As students inquire more and more about Kyle and his interests, Lance starts making up things. He even starts writing a journal, pretending Kyle wrote it. The kids at school start wearing shirts with Kyle's picture on them, actually pretending they liked Kyle when they didn't. Andrew talks to Lance about it saying the suicide note didnt seem like something Kyle would write, but once again Lance blows him off by saying Kyle was a smart and complex individual. Lance talks to the grief counselor but he assures Lance that Kyle's suicide note has touched a lot of students causing them to reach out to him. He assures Lance that Kyle may not have died in vain. That weekend Lance writes the rest of "Kyle's journal" which he then gives to the grief counselor telling him to take a look at it and see if he should publish it for it to be valuable to the other students. Claire also takes a look at it and they try to pick out a name for it. They publish the journal which is then handed out to kids at school. Lance grows all the more popular but it seems as if Mike is starting to get suspicious. Lance cancels on his neighbor by saying he has an emergency even though he is playing golf with Mike and Principal Anderson. There, Principal Anderson tells Lance that he is going to rename the school library after Kyle, even though he had once suggested Kyle be put in a special needs school. Lance gets invited to go on a talk show but as he is getting ready to leave, Andrew visits him and tells him how the journal doesnt sound anything like Kyle. Lance gets a bit worked up and tells him to just let it go and that no wonder his mother drinks, causing Andrew to storm off. After the show, Lance gets a call from someone saying that the journal has caught the attention of several publishers. The next day at the library dedication, fueled by the guilt of exploiting his sons death for his own benefit and the hatred towards those who pretend to have liked Kyle when in real life they didnt, Lance tells everyone the truth behind Kyles death, revealing that he was the one who wrote the suicide note and the journal. Lance walks through a crowd full of looks of indignation, now that everyone knows he was living a lie. Immediately after, feeling liberated, he runs to the schools pool and dives in naked. Lance is now disliked by everyone except for his neighbor and Andrew who advices him to keep writing. The movie ends with Lance, his neighbor, and Andrew watching a zombie movie.
tt0419677
Crime,Drama,Thriller
The story revolves around the character of Richard (Paddy Considine), a paratrooper returning to his small home town of Matlock in the Peak District. Richard has returned home from the army to exact revenge on the tormentors of his mentally disabled younger brother Anthony. In the opening line of the film, Richard narrates "God will forgive them. He'll forgive them and allow them into Heaven. I can't live with that." Richard and Anthony camp at an abandoned farm near the town, their reminiscences of childhood interspersed with flashbacks to Anthony's ordeal at the hands of the gang youth, and Richard's subsequent revenge. This revenge starts when the gang and their leader Sonny find out about his presence. He confronts Richard in a failed attempt to intimidate him. Richard's revenge begins with the older members of the gang. While they are asleep he sneaks into their house, wearing a green boiler suit and a gas mask. He spray paints one of the two men's hair multi-coloured and paints a target on the back of the other's suit. On the same evening he enters Sonny's house and applies make up to Sonny's face. However things soon turn nasty as Richard sneaks into a club where the gang are hiding out and playing cards and kills one of their members with an axe, using his blood to scribble the words "One Down" on the wall. The gang take their car and go to the farm where Richard is staying with Anthony. Sending in Big Al (one of their members) to draw Richard out, Sonny prepares to shoot him with a rifle. However, he misses and kills Al. With no bullets remaining in the gun he decides to quickly retreat and return back to town. The surviving members return to a local petrol station where Tuff runs off, scared of Richard's revenge. The other three return home, they search the house expecting Richard to be there. However while they are upstairs Richard laces their kettle with a sizeable amount of drugs (LSD/Ketamine) taken from the gang earlier in the film. The three men become too intoxicated to properly react to Richard's presence and he kills them one by one. He shoots Sonny in the head, palm-strikes Soz at such an angle that he is killed, and finally stabs Herbie. Before killing Herbie he reveals he has already killed Tuff, although it is not revealed how, by producing his corpse in a suitcase. With one member of the original gang left - a reformed character with a wife and children - Richard abducts him and takes him to an old outbuilding. It is now revealed that Anthony died long ago, hanging himself after the gang abandoned him with a noose around his neck. The Anthony that is seen with Richard throughout the film is, in fact, a hallucination. During this confrontation, Richard confesses to his heinous crimes, describing the blood on his hands, saying " Now I'm the monster...", and "You were supposed to be the monster...now I'm the fucking beast." He describes the crimes he's committed and is unsure of what else he's capable of doing, he also says that all he wants is to lie down with his brother, and demands the final gang member kill him, which he does, after Richard tells him to think of his children and begging him to kill him. The gang member is then shown distraught, with his hands covered in blood. He then leaves and the camera then pans across the landscape.
tt0069995
Drama,Horror,Thriller
John Baxter (Donald Sutherland) and his wife, Laura (Julie Christie), are a married couple whom are both traumatized one day when their young daughter, Christine (Sharon Williams), falls into a pond and drowns near their English country home. Several months later, John and Laura take a trip to Venice after John accepts a commission from a bishop (Massimo Serato) to restore an ancient church. Laura encounters two elderly sisters, Heather (Hilary Mason) and Wendy (Clelia Matania), at a restaurant where she and John are dining; Heather claims to be psychic and despite being blind informs Laura she is able to 'see' the Baxters' deceased daughter. Shaken, Laura returns to her table, where she faints. Laura is taken to the hospital, where she later tells John what Heather told her. John is skeptical but pleasantly surprised by the positive change in Laura's demeanour. Later in the evening after returning from the hospital, John and Laura engage in passionate sex. Afterwards, they go out to dinner where they get lost and briefly become separated. John catches a glimpse of what looks like a small child (Adelina Poerio) wearing a red coat similar to the one Christine was wearing when she died. The next day, Laura meets with Heather and Wendy at their apartment who hold a sance to try to contact Christine. When she returns to the hotel, Laura informs John that Christine has said he is in danger and must leave Venice. John loses his temper with Laura, but that night they receive a telephone call informing them that their son (Nicholas Salter) has been injured in an accident at his boarding school. Laura departs for England, while John stays on to complete the restoration. Under the assumption that Laura is in England, John is shocked when later that day he spots her on a barge that is part of a funeral cortege, accompanied by the two sisters. Concerned about his wife's mental state and with reports of a serial killer at large in Venice, he reports Laura's disappearance to the police. The inspector (Renato Scarpa) investigating the killings is suspicious of John and has him followed. After conducting a futile search for Laura and the sisters in which he again sees the childlike figure in the red coat, John contacts his son's boarding school to enquire about his condition, only to discover Laura is already at the school. After speaking to her to confirm she really is in England, a bewildered John returns to the police station to inform the police he has found his wife. In the meantime the police have brought Heather in for questioning, so an apologetic John offers to escort her back to the hotel. Shortly after returning, John catches another glimpse of the mysterious figure in red as he is leaving Heather's hotel, and this time pursues it. Meanwhile, Heather has slipped into a trance and upon coming out of it beseeches her sister to go after John, sensing that something terrible is about to happen, but Wendy is unable to catch up with him. John follows the elusive figure to a deserted palazzo, and having cornered it, realizes (way too late) that the strange sightings he has been experiencing were premonitions of his own death. The "child" in the red raincoat that John has been seeing is NOT the ghost of Christine, but is actually a killer dwarf whom is responsible for all of the murders happening in Venice, and the dwarf kills him by stabbing him in the neck with a butcher knife. As the killer escapes, John sees his whole life flash before his eyes for several seconds as he dies. Laura, Heather, and the police arrive on the sceen too late to save John or to aprehend the killer dwarf whom has claimed John as her latest victim. The final shots of the movie show Laura along with her son, and the two sisters on a funeral barge traveling to a local church for John's funeral... just as he visioned it on the day before his own murder.
tt0080319
Comedy
The film centers on the friendship between three women who work in the offices of a large corporation known as Consolidated Industries. Judy Bernly (Jane Fonda) is a nave new employee whose husband Dick (Lawrence Pressman) recently left her for his secretary. On her first day, Judy meets Violet Newstead (Lily Tomlin), the supervisor of her department, and a longtime employee. Violet trains Judy and introduces her to the department executive, Franklin Hart, Jr. (Dabney Coleman), who immediately reveals himself to be arrogant and sexist. Judy soon learns that despite the fact that Violet has worked there for over 10 years, she has been passed over consistently for promotion and in fact has seniority over Hart. Violet also introduces Judy to the staff, including mail room clerk Eddie (Ray Vitte), alcoholic secretary Margaret Foster (Peggy Pope), and Roz Keith (Elizabeth Wilson), Hart's executive assistant. The third woman in the trio is Doralee Rhodes (Dolly Parton), Hart's personal secretary. Despite the fact that Doralee is happily married to a construction worker and part-time country-western singer named Dwayne (Jeffrey Douglas Thomas), and Hart is also married to a sweet but oblivious woman named Missy (Marian Mercer), Hart continually makes inappropriate advances toward Doralee, pushing her patience and tolerance to the limit. Hart has also been lying to his colleagues that he's been sleeping with Doralee, causing office gossip to go wild. The women in the office treat her rudely as a result, and initially Judy shuns Doralee's attempts to be friendly. Some time passes, and Violet is once again passed over for an important promotion, even though her ideas are good enough that Hart passes one off as his own and takes all the credit for it. When Violet protests to Hart that he passed her over for a promotion because she is a woman, Hart bluntly tells her that the company would rather have a man in the position, and Violet becomes enraged, storming off on her own, but not before she reveals to Doralee that her affair with Hart is common knowledge. Doralee, who has been confused and upset about the way she's treated by her coworkers, snaps, and also rages at Hart, threatening to use her gun on him the next time he makes an indecent proposal. Angry and upset by Doralee's outburst, Hart takes it out by firing Maria (Roxanna Bonilla-Giannini), a dedicated employee (due to an infraction overheard by Roz, who had been eavesdropping in the ladies' room). After witnessing the incident, Judy joins Violet and Doralee in storming out of the office. The three women converge at a local bar to drown their sorrows, when Violet discovers a marijuana cigarette that her son left in her purse as a gift. They return to Doralee's house and smoke it together, prompting each of them to have a detailed fantasy about how they would take down Hart if they had the chance. Judy imagines a scenario where she's a great white hunter who hunts down Hart in the office with a shotgun. Doralee's fantasy is of her as a cowgirl who turns the tables on Hart and sexually harasses him before roasting him alive on a spit. Violet envisions a fairy tale where she is a Snow White-type character who poisons Hart's coffee and sends him falling to his death from his office window, which suddenly releases scores of oppressed "prisoners" chained to their desks. Things take a sudden bizarre turn the next day when each of the women's fantasies comes true in some odd respect: Violet accidentally poisons Hart's coffee, having mistaken a box of rat poison for artificial sweetener. Before Hart can drink it, he falls from his unstable chair and knocks himself unconscious on his credenza desk in his office. Doralee finds him, summons an ambulance, and accompanies him to the hospital. At first the women have no clue what happened to Mr. Hart, but then Violet finds the rat poison, realizes what she did, and they all assume the reason Hart blacked out was because he drank the poisoned coffee. At the hospital, Hart, who has regained consciousness, leaves on his own without being seen, and the three women mistake a dead police witness for their boss, steal the dead body (to prevent an autopsy), stash it in the trunk, and drive off. After they get into a minor car accident, they discover they've stolen the wrong body, so they smuggle it back into the hospital. After shaking off a suspicious police officer, the three women dispose of the body by taking it back to the hospital and leaving it in a wheelchair in a restroom. The next day, they discover that Hart wasn't harmed at all, but their discussion about the incident is overheard by Roz. At the end of the day, Hart tries to use the information to blackmail Doralee into having an affair with him after all. Doralee loses her temper and ropes Hart with telephone wires when he threatens to call the police (just like in her fantasy), and Judy fires on Hart with Doralee's pistol when he persuades her to untie him (similar to her fantasy). With Hart's wife away on a lengthy cruise, the women decide to kidnap Hart and imprison him in his own home until they can somehow get him to cooperate and forget the whole incident. But the cold and misogynist Hart refuses to listen to them and vows to kill them. Looking for a way to blackmail Hart to keep quiet, Violet discovers that Hart has been embezzling money from Consolidated by illegally selling inventory from a company-owned warehouse and keeping the profits. The women plan on using the information to blackmail Hart to keep him from calling the police. After purchasing a series of items, including a skydiving harness, chains, dog collars, and a remote-controlled garage-door opener to keep Hart confined in his own house, the women return to work after the weekend as usual while Violet sends for an order of the warehouse inventories as proof of Hart's embezzlement scheme. She soon learns from the head office in New York City that, because of a computer system change, the office will not send them the invoices for between four to six weeks. From this point on, a race is on to see if Hart can escape or if Violet's documented proof of the scam will arrive in time. The three women work together to make Hart's absence in the office as inconspicuous as possible: flexible work hours, equal pay for male and female employees, a job-sharing program, and even an onsite daycare center for employees with children. Hart's so hated around the office (by male and female employees alike) that the only person to question his absence is Roz, whom Violet sends away to Europe for a multi-week training program to learn a foreign language. Hart's archaic and oppressive rules are done away with, employee morale improves greatly and productivity improves as well. One night, Hart almost escapes when he finds a nail file in the bathroom that his captors overlooked and tries cutting his restraints. Using the restraining system they'd installed in Hart's bedroom, Judy is able to render him helpless while he hangs from the ceiling. Judy is further surprised when her ex-husband, Dick, shows up at Hart's house after following her there and asks to reconcile with her. But when Hart makes a noise, Judy is forced to restrain him, and seeing the captive Hart tied up, her ex-husband mistakenly assumes that Judy is having an affair with her boss and leaves, claiming that they are now over and will never get back together. Later, Hart is accidentally freed when Missy returns early from her cruise, and for three days, he quietly buys back all the items he sold and puts them back in the Consolidated warehouse. Doralee only learns about Missy's return when Missy calls her to thank her for her sending her flowers in Hart's name, which is why she returned from her vacation early. Doralee hurries to Hart's house to find the freed Hart now holding Judy captive. After taking them to the office to meet with Violet, Hart plays his final card, boasting that women never can defeat him. Just when it appears as if he is going to send the women to jail, a sudden visit from the reclusive and ruthless Chair of the Board, Russell Tinsworthy (Sterling Hayden), interrupts him. To the cold and unfeeling Hart's chagrin, he finally sees that Violet, Judy, and Doralee have made some radical changes in the office during his captivity, and the sudden surge in productivity has caught Tinsworthy's attention. Where Hart had bristled at the changes in the office -- job-sharing, flexible hours, new, disabled employees working alongside veteran ones, a drying-out program for alcoholic workers (Margaret Foster's no longer an alcoholic, thanks to the company's alcohol rehab program, and Maria's back with the company on a part-time basis and sharing her workload with another employee) -- Tinsworthy congratulates Hart for the increased morale. Since the women did all of it under the false approval of Hart, they can take no credit for it, but fate seems to be on their side: Tinsworthy "rewards" Hart for his good work by immediately removing him from his position and sending him to work on a special project in Brazil, much to the amusement and delight of Violet, Doralee, and Judy, as now they are free from Hart, who will never try to destroy them without destroying his own career. In the final scene, Roz returns from her training and is stunned to discover Violet, Judy, and Doralee celebrating in Hart's office. In a postscript at the end, it is revealed that Violet took Hart's place as vice president of Consolidated, Judy married the Xerox technician and quit the company, Doralee also quit the company and moved back to her Tennessee hometown, where she became a country music singer (just like the actress that played her), and Hart was kidnapped by natives during a trip in the Amazon and was never seen or heard from again.
tt0085244
Comedy,Drama
In the opening scene, Harold Cooper (Kevin Kline) is bathing his two-year-old son when his wife, Sarah (Glenn Close), receives a phone call at their Richmond, Virgina home telling her that their college friend, Alex Marshall (an uncredited Kevin Costner), has committed suicide by slashing his wrists in the bathtub of their vacation house in South Carolina, where he had been staying. At the funeral, Harold and Sarah are reunited with college friends from their days at the University of Michigan. They include Sam Weber (Tom Berenger), a famous television actor now living in Los Angeles; Meg Jones (Mary Kay Place), an unhappy,single chain-smoking former public defender who is now a real estate attorney living in Atlanta; Michael Gold (Jeff Goldblum), a sex-obsessed 'People' magazine journalist living in New York City; Nick Carlton (William Hurt), a Vietnam War veteran and former psychologist radio host living in Chicago who suffers from impotence (due to a Vietnam war injury) and who also struggles with a drug addiction (involving cocaine, Quaalude, and various other painkiller pills); Karen Bowens (JoBeth Williams), a housewife from suburban Detroit who's unhappy in her marriage to her advertising executive husband, Richard Bowens (Don Galloway), an outsider. Also present is Chloe (Meg Tilly), Alex's much-younger girlfriend living with him at the time of his suicide. After the burial, everyone goes from the cemetery to Harold and Sarah's vacation house, where Alex and Chloe had been staying, where Alex committed suicide and where they plan to stay for a reunion over the weekend. When Meg tries to seduce Nick, he responds: "Did I ever tell you what happened to me in Vietnam?" During their discussion, a bat flies into the attic where Meg and Nick are and Meg screams. The men are forced to team up to try to remove the bat. Later that night, Sam finds Nick watching television alone in the living room and they briefly talk about Karen and how Sam and Karen were attracted to each other at college. The two then go into the kitchen for a midnight snack and find Richard, her husband, already making a sandwich for himself, and the three of them make small talk which turns into a discussion about responsibility and adulthood. At the end of the discussion, Richard states "Nobody said it was going to be fun. At least, nobody said it to me." The next morning, Harold and Nick go jogging. Harold confides in Nick that his business of running shoe company is about to be bought out by a large corporation, and that he and any other shareholders are about to become rich. Harold confides with Nick that Sarah and Alex had an affair five years earlier. Nick comforts Harold by saying, "She didn't marry Alex." Richard returns home to look after their kids, but Karen decides to stay in South Carolina for the entire weekend with an obvious interest in Sam. Nick, Harold, Michael and Chloe go for a drive to an old rundown house Alex was renovating while Sam and Karen go food shopping. Back at the house, Meg reveals to Sarah that she wants to have a child, and that she is going to ask Sam to be the father, knowing now that Nick can't. They discuss the group of college male friends as candidates and Harold gets dismissed due to his marriage to Sarah. Out in the countryside, Harold listens to Michael's plans to open a new nightclub in New York and Michael is looking for investors. Chloe is with Nick in the abandoned house that she and Alex were going to renovate. She tells him that he reminds her of Alex, to which Nick replies, "I ain't him." During dinner, Sarah starts tearing up over Alex as the group talks about him. Harold puts "Ain't Too Proud to Beg" by The Temptations on the stereo and everyone dances while cleaning up the dishes. While the others sit around and get high from smoking pot, Meg asks Sam to father her baby, but he declines as he doesn't want the personal responsibility even though there will be no financial responsibility. The next morning, Nick, Sam, and Harold go jogging, and the subject of Alex's suicide comes up again. Harold's surprise arrives: sneakers for everyone to wear during the upcoming Michigan football game. The group, minus Nick, watches the game on TV while Sarah tells Karen about her brief affair with Alex and how it affected their friendship negatively. During the game, Michael offers to father Meg's child, alluding to the fact that they had sex many years ago during the 1963 March on Washington in their college years. At halftime, Chloe, Sam, Harold, and Michael go outside to play touch football. Nick returns, with a police car following him. The officer says that Nick ran a red light and was belligerent, but says that he will drop the charges if Sam would hop into Nick's Porsche as his TV character, J.T. Lancer, always does. Sam is unsuccessful and hurts himself, but the officer drops the charges in deference to Harold who is a local success and icon. Karen later tells Sam that she loves him, wants to leave Richard and live with Sam in Los Angeles with her two sons. When they kiss, Sam pulls away and tells Karen not to leave Richard, as she will regret it in the long run. He confesses that it was "boredom" that caused his own marriage to fail, and he doesn't want her to make the same mistake. Karen feels misled and angrily storms into the house. Harold is on the phone with his daughter, Molly, and lets Meg talk to her. Observing their interaction on the phone, Sarah decides to let Harold impregnate Meg. The group once again discusses Alex. Nick says, "Alex died for most of us a long time ago," but Sam disagrees and leaves. Karen follows him and the two have sex outside. Sarah tells Harold about Meg's situation while Chloe and Nick go to bed together, even though he warns her of his condition and that he can'd do anything. Meg and Harold then have sex. Meg says "I feel like I got a great break on a used car." In the living room, Michael and Sarah joke around and interview each other with a video camera. In the morning, while Karen is packing her clothes, she subtly makes it clear to Sam that she has decided to stay with Richard. At the breakfast table, Harold reveals that Nick and Chloe will be staying in the guest house for a while so they can renovate the old abandoned house for them to live in. Sam and Nick then make up from their argument the night before. Nick gives Michael an old copy of an article Michael wrote about Alex back in college and him not accepting a prestigious scholarship. At the end of the movie, Michael states, tongue-in-cheek, "Sarah, Harold. We took a secret vote. We're not leaving. We're never leaving!" They all laugh and "Joy to the World" by Three Dog Night plays as the end credits roll.
tt0179116
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Seventeen-year-old Megan (Natasha Lyonne) is a sunny high school senior who loves cheerleading and is dating football player Jared (Brandt Wille). She does not enjoy kissing Jared, however, and prefers looking at her fellow cheerleaders. Combined with Megan's interest in vegetarianism and Melissa Etheridge, her family and friends suspect that Megan is in fact a lesbian. With the help of "ex-gay" Mike (RuPaul Charles), they surprise her with an intervention. Following this confrontation, Megan is sent to True Directions, a reparative therapy camp which uses a five-step program (similar to Alcoholics Anonymous' twelve-step program) to "convert" its campers to heterosexuality. At True Directions, Megan meets the founder, strict disciplinarian Mary Brown (Cathy Moriarty), Mary's supposedly heterosexual son Rock (Eddie Cibrian), and a group of young people sent to "cure" themselves of their homosexuality. With the prompting of Mary and the other campers, Megan reluctantly admits that she is a lesbian. This fact, at odds with her traditional, religious upbringing, distresses her and she puts every effort into becoming heterosexual. Early on in her stay at True Directions, Megan discovers two of the boys, Dolph and Clayton (Dante Basco and Kip Pardue), making out. She panics and screams, leading to their discovery by Mike. Dolph is made to leave and Clayton is punished by being forced into isolation. The True Directions program involves the campers admitting their homosexuality, "rediscovering" their gender identity by performing stereotypically gender-associated tasks, finding the root of their homosexuality, demystifying the opposite sex, and simulating heterosexual intercourse. Over the course of the program, Megan becomes friends with another girl at the camp, a college student named Graham (Clea DuVall) who, though more comfortable with her orientation than is Megan, was forced to the camp under threat of being disowned by her family. The True Directions kids are encouraged to rebel against Mary by two "failed graduates", Larry and Lloyd (Richard Moll and Wesley Mann), who take the campers to a local gay bar where Graham and Megan's relationship develops into a romance. When Mary discovers the infraction, she makes them all picket Larry and Lloyd's house, carrying placards and shouting homophobic abuse. Megan and Graham sneak away one night to have sex and begin to fall in love. When Mary finds out, Megan, now at ease with her sexual identity, is unrepentant. She is made to leave True Directions and, now homeless, goes to stay with Larry and Lloyd. Afraid to defy her father, who will disinherit her for life, Graham remains at the camp. Megan and Dolph, who is also living with Larry and Lloyd, plan to rescue Graham and Clayton. Megan and Dolph infiltrate the True Directions graduation ceremony, where Dolph easily coaxes Clayton away. Megan entreats Graham to join them as well, but Graham nervously declines. Megan then performs a cheer she composed for Graham telling her that she loves her, finally winning Graham over. They drive off with Dolph and Clayton. The final scene shows Megan's parents (Mink Stole and Bud Cort) attending uncomfortably a PFLAG meeting to come to terms with their daughter's homosexuality.
tt0070215
Comedy,Western
Aging gunfighter Jack Beauregard (Henry Fonda), tired of being hounded by people who want to kill him for various reasons, wishes to retire and leave the country for Europe. While he is still trying to come up with the money needed for a ship's passage he encounters a strange and quirky man who just calls himself "Nobody" (Terence Hill) and professes to be a fan of Jack. Nobody, who is a formidable gunman in his own right, doesn't like the idea of his hero simply vanishing away silently. He wants the name of Jack Beauregard to become a true legend, written down in the history books, and for this purpose he has dreamed up a conflict of truly epic proportions: pitting Jack alone against the 150-man-strong bandit gang, called "The Wild Bunch". Unable to believe that Nobody could be serious, Jack initially views Nobody as yet another rival gunman, who is just out to make a name for himself by killing Jack - but Nobody is indeed quite serious about his plan. The potential for such a conflict exists because of one Mr. Sullivan (Jean Martin), the owner of a worthless mine, through which the Wild Bunch is laundering stolen gold. Jack Beauregard's brother, called the Nevada Kid, used to be co-owner of the mine, until Sullivan killed him. Now Nobody is hoping that Jack will take revenge upon Sullivan, thereby earning the ire of the Wild Bunch. Sullivan himself expects Jack to come gunning for him as well and has already sent goons after Jack to kill him, on previous occasions. Those were foiled by Jack himself on one occasion and by Nobody on another. When Sullivan wants to hire gunmen for another attempt on Jack's life, Nobody pretends to take the job and - after some confrontational banter and gun-play - warns Jack of the ambush waiting for him, helping him dispatch the other two gunmen lurking in hiding. Jack, however, disappoints Nobody and defies Sullivan's expectations; he declines to exact blood vengeance for a brother who, he claims, was just as much of a crook as Sullivan. He merely corners Sullivan and takes off him the money he needs for his passage to Europe, then rides off along the train tracks toward New Orleans, where his ship is anchored. Not to be dissuaded so easily, Nobody absconds with a gold transport train that runs along those same tracks. Jack suddenly finds himself being followed by a slow-moving train that keeps pace with his horse but refuses to let him approach - and the Wild Bunch is thundering toward them from the horizon. Jack realizes that he can't escape the confrontation that Nobody has engineered and settles down, using the embankment of the tracks as cover, to fight off 150 bandits on his own. He remembers that, at an earlier point, he had seen some of the riders load up their saddle bags with dynamite, and is able to use the blinking of their gaudy decorations in the sunlight for aiming. He sets off several great explosions, cutting a huge swath through the bandit gang and reducing their number to a fraction of its former size. When the confrontation settles down to a prolonged gunfight, with both sides hunkered down and shooting from behind cover, Nobody drives the train forward again, between the two opposing sides, and allows Jack to board. Together they drive off toward New Orleans, leaving the remnants of the Wild Bunch behind. Now that Jack Beauregard's name in history is secured by a legendary victory, there is only one thing left to do, before he can leave for Europe: he must appear to die in battle. It turns out that even his strange choice of a name has been part of Nobody's plan for Jack all along - one staged duel in the streets of New Orleans and a public death scene later, the grave of Jack Beauregard bears the epitaph, "Nobody was faster on the draw." Jack can board his ship in anonymity and says farewell to Nobody with a letter wishing him luck, now that the remainder of the Wild Bunch and aspiring gunmen looking for fame will be gunning for him instead of Jack, while the old rules of the west are changing around them in modern times. Even as the letter is read in voice-over, Nobody is shown dealing with these threats in his own uniquely quirky style, demonstrating that if anybody can handle himself, it's Nobody.
tt0840322
Drama,Sport
Rick Penning lives life just like he plays rugby; fast, hard-hitting and intense. When life on the edge lands him in jail, prison ward Marcus Tate offers him a chance to get back in the game by playing for his rival, Highland Rugby. Reluctantly Rick joins the team where he must adopt the grueling training schedule and unique code of conduct that Coach Gelwix enforces, or finish out the season behind bars. Egos clash as bitter competitors struggle to become a team. An unlikely brotherhood is formed with his Highland teammates, just as Rick is released from jail and sent back home to rejoin his former team, coached by his overbearing father. Heading into a faceoff with Highland at the National Championship, Rick is forced to choose where his loyalty lies. [D-Man2010]
tt0429573
Drama,History,Horror
This synopsis is from the UNRATED VERSION. A girl (Jane Powell) (Isabelle Almgren-Dor) is running through snowy woods near her house in Boston, Massachusetts. Something unseen is chasing her. She approaches the house and tries to open a double door. It opens and she rushes in, closing it and an inner door which she latches shut. She looks around, picking up a letter opener and leaves the room. The door is forced open by the unseen force. She runs upstairs into her bedroom, bolting the door. The doorknob is rattled as the unseen tries to get in. The noise stops and there is silence. The girl cautiously approaches the door when suddenly the ghostly image of a girl (Betsy Bell) (Rachel Hurd-Wood) appears beside her. She screams and at that moment awakens from a dream, sitting up in bed in hysterics. She is comforted by her mother (Elizabeth Powell) (Susan Almgren) who tells her she had a bad dream again. She suggests a nice warm bath, which is rejected by Jane, saying maybe later. The mother tells her she must get ready to be picked up by her father (David Powell) (Howard Rosenstein) for the weekend. She acknowledges this. Elizabeth picks up some clothes from the floor, noticing a bundle of old things which she asks Jane about. Telling her mother they are from the attic, Jane is told you know the attic is off-limits. Jane apologizes and is told just dont do it again as the mother exits. Jane goes into a fetal position on her bed. Elizabeth goes into the study carrying the old doll and things from the attic. Pouring herself a drink from a vodka bottle, she looks painfully at a family photo that includes her, Jane and her ex-husband David. She picks up the doll (having a cracked face) and says to it I know how you feel. Picking up an envelope marked The truth of our family history, she removes the paper from it and begins reading November 1848. I had hoped no one would ever find cause to open this letter. If you have, I must assume that unexplainable or even supernatural events have begun to occur. The story of the Bell Witch has always been considered to be a tall tale. This is not so. Please read this journal with great care. Its contents may save your life. At this point a flashback shows Betsy being chased by Joshua Gardner (Howard Rosenstein) who tries to kiss her after she falls on the ground. She tells him no. The other girl, Theny Thorn (Zoe Thorne) tells him leave that young lady alone. The two girls run off together giggling. Theny asks did he try to kiss you again? The Bell family home is shown in winter stating Red River, Tennessee 1817. Lucy Bell (Sissy Spacek) brings in folded clothing as Betsy sits brushing her hair staring into the mirror. She tells her daughter that she should be nicer to Joshua. A woman should always keep a man on his toes, says Betsy. Isnt that what you taught me? I taught you no such thing, replies her mother. Lucy tells Betsy to lighten up on Joshua and to do her schoolwork. James Johnston (Matthew Marsh) and his wife arrive at a party at the Bell house. They enter into a room full of people as John Bell (Donald Sutherland) is telling a group of men about James and his experiences while drunk. He approaches them as John says speak of the devil. Theny prepares mistletoe on a stick to hang over the head of the teacher Richard Powell (James D'Arcy) so that Betsy can try to get a kiss from him. Her father John tells her it is inappropriate for a student to force her teacher into a compromising position. She insists that it is a Christmas tradition and that she is trying to learn the customs. Richard suggests a dance instead and they go off. James asks Lucy for a dance. Later that night Lucy is awakened by the sound of crying. Getting up, she notices John is not in bed. Lighting a candle, she goes to check on the boys, who are sound asleep. As she turns to go upstairs, John puts a hand on her shoulder, startling her. She tells him she heard noises from the roof. He tells her it comes from the attic and that it is not squirrels. This is not the first time they heard crying at night. He tells his wife you sleep so soundly, you never hear me get out of bed. She says yes I do and asks him what it was. He says its maybe the old witch trying to scare me off from the hearing tomorrow. Meanwhile something unseen opens the door to Betsys room and approaches her. Heavy breathing is heard, but Betsy appears to be asleep. The next day at the church a hearing is made between Kathe Batts (Gaye Brown) who some say is a witch and John Bell. The fighting is over some land which adjoins the Bell property. John tells the court he gave her $100 and the use of his slave in compensation. The judge (Vernon Dobtcheff) rules that the land is returned to Batts but the profit made from sale of the timber belongs to John. John is judged to have committed usury which is against church law (He charged her 20% on the loan). The witch turns back as they are leaving and tells John to enjoy his family, land and good health. She says a dark dread will fall upon him and especially his daughter Betsy. The following year John is out hunting with his son John Jr. (Thom Fell) and James. When a deer is seen running through the brush, the three men separate. Seeing a black wolf charging at him, John fires. The wolf vanishes. As John kneels he sees the wolf charging at him again, but then suddenly his son is seen standing there where the wolf was. John Jr. tells his father we got him. John asks the wolf? His son replies Wolf? We shot a deer. Come see it , father. That night a wolf is heard outside. John and his son go out to look for it. The wolf is seen charging toward them and both men fire at it. Lucy is awakened by the shots and gets out of bed. Betsy also goes to her window and looks out, seeing the wolf below. Closing the window, she gets back in bed and pulls the covers up just below her eyes. The sounds of a wolf are heard in the room. Suddenly the windows burst open and more growling sounds are heard and footsteps. Looking under her bed, she sees two eyes looking back and cries out. Her mother, having been called by the two younger sons, comes into her room and asks about what she heard. Betsy tells her something is in her room. Lucy says the windows are open and goes to close them. Betsy stops her, saying there is something in the room. Lucy tells her there is no one there, suggesting that it was mice. She tells her to go with her to get her brothers. As they go downstairs a shot is fired by James Jr. (who is firing at the wolf), shattering glass in the door. The door opens and the two men enter. Lucy and the children go back upstairs. A conversation between Lucy and John over the shot fired through the door is simplified by John who says it was accidental. He confesses that he is unable to get Kathe Batts out of his mind. His wife tells him there is nothing else that can be done since the church ruled on the matter. Hearing this, Betsy retires to her room and covers up. Strange noises are heard in the room. Next day at school Betsy is found to be asleep. Richard dismisses the class for physical activity outside and asks Betsy if she is all right. She tells him she is tired, not being able to sleep at home because of strange noises. The children play games outside and Betsy goes to the swing and begins swinging. Next a small girl appears and swings next to her. Betsy notices and the girl holds out her hand. Betsy touches the hand of the girl, which turns black and disappears. Betsy falls to the ground and is assisted by Joshua and Theny, who insist they saw no girl in the other swing. Crying, Betsy runs off. Richard observes all this from the window. That night John is out with his gun and lantern again when he sees the ghostly image of Betsy. It vanishes immediately and John turns back toward the house. Seeing a dark figure on the roof, John prepares to fire at it, but it disappears. Meanwhile Betsy is sleeping but is awakened as the covers are pulled down on her. She pulls the cover up again. Again the covers are pulled slowly down and Betsy pulls them up again. Suddenly the covers are violently pulled off her and she jumps up to try to leave the room. Her door closes and prevents her from going out. Heavy breathing is heard as Betsy gets back in the bed. The indentation of a body appears on the bed beside her and an attack begins. A strand of her hair is pulled out and seen on the bed next to her. Betsys screams and fighting draws her mother, father and brother into her room. Immediately the attack ends and she is comforted by her mother who tells her it was just a bad dream. Outside her room, John tells Lucy he thinks Batts may have sent a slave to terrorize them. When the lock of hair is found on the floor by Lucy, John swears he will get revenge against Batts for harming his daughter. He goes off with the gun but is coaxed out of it by Lucy. Next James is seen meeting with the Bell family as they sit around the table discussing Johns predicament. James tells them that reading a few Scripture passages should ward off the demon. After the reading is concluded, he leads them in a spoken prayer to cast out the demon from the house. They all join hands and repeat the prayer three times, after which James says by midnight if nothing happens they should be safe. Betsy goes to bed but is suddenly attacked again, this time more violently. She is dragged by her hair, lifted up into the air and repeatedly slapped on each cheek. Her cries draw Lucy, John, James and James Jr. who try to enter her door but are unable to. Finally the three people force open the door and witness Betsy being held in mid-air and being struck. James orders the demon to leave and it stops the attack, facing each person in the room with heavy breathing. Lucy holds and comforts her daughter. As James has a drink for his nerves, John tells him he saw a man on the property recently but couldnt tell who it was. James suggests maybe Richard, the teacher, who lives nearby. In bed together are seen Lucy and Betsy with the two young boys in between. At the school house James and John are discussing the situation with Richard, who doesnt believe in demons. The teacher tries to explain what happened with logical suggestions, which are refused by James, John and John Jr. Richard offers to come stay in the house to prove nothing will happen. At school the next day Betsy is seen still sleeping at her desk. When class is dismissed, Joshua tries to wake her, telling her that they have to go to the river to do what they have been planning. She tells him no, saying she doesnt feel like doing it. When he tries to pull her up, she violently pushes him away, saying to leave her alone. Everyone sees this in the room. As the students leave, Richard tells Betsy that this will pass. Sitting by a tree, Betsy is seen crying and recalling her attacks and wondering why. Later Betsy looks from her window and sees Joshua kissing Theny. He looks upset and turns to her bed where her journal turns pages to expose the word Remember. Remember what? she asks. She angrily throws the book aside and lies down with her doll. That night something is seen approaching the house, going inside past where the men are playing checkers and upstairs, passing where Richard is camped out on the floor just outside Betsys room. The door opens as Lucy reaches the top of the stairs and looks in. Betsy is seen in bed covered up. As her mother continues watching, the covers are pulled down off Betsy. She is attacked again, violently and appears to be being raped. Lucy and Richard watch with Richard holding the mother back, saying no. John asks what is happening and comes upstairs, telling Richard that he should not be witnessing this. He is knocked back and the door slammed. The door opens again and Lucy looks in to see Betsy sleeping under cover as before. Next John is seen in bed tended to by Lucy and Chloe (Miquel Brown), who recommends a poultice of roots that should remain until morning. Richard says he believes Betsy is tormented by violent nightmares, which the others deny, saying something evil is at work. Suddenly a cross is taken from the wall and thrown across the room. Candles and the fireplace are all extinguished as everyone panics. John Jr. calls out the demon and tells it to show itself. Richard asks if it is Betsy. James begins reading from the Bible again, trying to cast the demon out. Richard tells James to stop. Finally the Bible is taken from his hands, thrown across the room and then a number of pages torn out and flying through the air. Speaking to the demon, Richard asks if it knows the book from which James is reading. James assures him the demon knows Scripture. Richard asks if it is from the Gospel of Matthew. Scraping noises are heard. Is it from the Gospel of Mark he asks? More scraping noises. Is it a Psalm of David? More scraping, followed by a window bursting open. Lucy cries out to Richard, saying are we all imagining a nightmare now? John is seen getting out of bed after feeling something on his tongue. He goes to the dresser to look, getting a hand mirror from the drawer and sitting down. As he looks at his tongue, he sees welts on it and is shocked. The mirror falls to the floor and shatters. John feels of his tongue again, which is shown normal. As he looks in the mirror on the dresser, he sees the ghostly image of Betsy, which is suddenly replaced by Lucy. He tells her that he made the mess and he will clean it. Lucy begins sweeping up the broken glass. The family is then seen cleaning up after the ghostly attacks in the living room. There is a knock at the door. Lucy tells their servant Anky (Shauna Shim) to answer it. At the door is a slave from Batts, who says he is delivering something from her. She brings it inside, telling Lucy it came from Batts. Lucy refuses it, saying its something from Batts but is told it belongs to the Bells. Finally the bag is emptied out on a table and shown to be clothes. One nightgown bearing a blood stain is said to belong to Betsy while another one is said to be Johns shirt which has been missing for a year. Chloe explains that a witch may put animal blood on someones clothing which spells death. Enraged, Lucy takes the clothes and tries to put them in the fireplace. Chloe stops her, saying that will make it worse. The devil will come in. Next day the children are playing ball in the schoolyard as Betsy sits and watches. When Joshua kicks the ball into the forest, Betsy goes to retrieve it. As she bends to pick up the ball, the hand of the little girl appears and gets the ball. She disappears, then reappears and leaves with the ball. Betsy chases her, trying to get her to stop. All at once Betsy is back where she was before, seeing the ball and picking it up. There is a cave there and Betsy goes inside. There the little girl is kneeling beside a small pool of water. Betsy approaches on the other side of the pool. The little girl splashes water toward Betsy, who splashes back. For a moment the two girls enjoy splashing water at each other and Betsy smiles. The little girl stops, stands and comes close. When Betsy sees the girls face, it suddenly turns dark. Betsy wakes from a dream again, struggling in the bed with Theny there trying to comfort her. In the other room, John examines the nightdress with the blood on it. Angry, he throws it into the fire and swears hell kill Batts. He is stopped by Lucy, who tells him that they will find another way. She takes the gun out of his hand. Theny and Betsy hear a voice calling Betsys name. Then the spirit spins the girls around and races around the room. Theny is terrified and tries to get out the window. Candles light up and burn down completely in a seconds time. Fire roars in the fireplace. Richard examines Betsy, who is said to have been unconscious for thirty minutes. He asks Theny what happened. She says Betsy had a nightmare where she was fighting someone, and then she woke her up. Then she said they heard a voice. At this point Betsy sits up and screams. Richard tells her she is all right. She settles back down as if to sleep but begins convulsing. Falling out of bed, Richard holds her and tries to calm her. Her eyes roll up in her head for a moment, then she appears normal. Suddenly the window opens and closes repeatedly. The spirit goes around the room, speaking everyones name to them. Richard calls out who are you? The voice answers someone who used to be happy. John stands and cries go to hell, Kathe Batts. At this point Betsy is grabbed by her arms and dragged upstairs. All the men are knocked down and James holds Lucy, preventing her from interfering. Richard is seen writing his journal and his voice is heard telling the story that they didnt understand who was tormenting Betsy or why. John is seen at the church praying and asking God to take his life to end the sufferings of his family. He begins to cough up blood. Later he is seen talking to Richard, saying the Lord has forsaken him. Richard says whatever it is is also attacking John. John says he believes it is Kate Batts. He tells Richard that Chloe tried to return the profit money to Batts before but it was refused. Richard says the entity seems to only attack on the property but John says it can hear their conversation. The coach is loaded with Betsy sleeping inside. John Jr. and Richard drive away, hoping Betsy will be safe if she is far away. Meanwhile the spirit notices that Betsy is gone and searches the house room by room. When it realizes they have taken the girl away it follows and causes a tree to fall in the path of the coach. The horses jump over the tree but the coach flips up and over, crashing down by a tree. The men are thrown clear. Betsy is found safe by Richard, who removes her from the coach and carries her to a clearing. John Jr. is seen bringing one of the horses for them to escape on. Suddenly the black wolf attacks John Jr., who calls for them to go. Richard mounts the horse and Betsy gets on behind him and they race off, the black wolf following. After a few minutes of chase, the wolf vanishes. They continue on. The wolf is seen jumping up and knocking them off the horse. Suddenly Betsy awakes in bed with a cut seen on her cheek. She calls to her mother who wakes up and speaks. She tells her she had a horrible dream that they were sending her away. Lucy denies this, telling her daughter that she will live and not die. Richard and John admit that the entity can attack her anywhere and John says there is nothing they can do. Lucy talks to Richard about Betsy, suggesting he marry her. He tells her that he is twenty years her senior. Lucy admits that she and John are that way also. She encourages Richard to marry her, but he refuses, saying he cannot in good conscience marry her just to be her protector. Richard tells that after that things changed. The entity attacked John and left Betsy almost catatonic. Whenever John would try to help his daughter he would be attacked. Lucy is seen sitting on the front porch when the spirit approaches and sits by her, telling her she knows the truth. Lucy questions and is shown in her mind what was happening to Betsy all that time. John goes to the Batts farm to confront Kate. She comes out and he gives her a gun, asking her to remove the curse. She tells him she put no curse on him or his familythat he did that himself. She refuses to shoot him. He leaves, trying to shoot himself. The gun only clicks and he is unable to kill himself. He weeps. Betsy is reminded by the spirit of what happened that night. John raped Betsy and hid it from his wife, taking the bloody clothes and hiding them. The spirit who represents Betsy tell her to avenge herself. Lucy poisons some cough syrup which then is given to John by Betsy. He dies and later Betsy is seen viewing his grave. The young girl who represents the innocent young Betsy finally is able to leave. Back to the present, Elizabeth (who is a descendant of Betsy, who married Richard some years later) is told by her daughter Jane that she is leaving with her dad. As they begin leaving, Elizabeth goes inside and is confronted by the spirit of Betsy again, who tells her to help her own daughter. Realizing Jane is being molested by her father, Elizabeth runs outside and after the car as it drives away.
tt1605777
Drama,Mystery,Thriller
American writer Tom Ricks (Hawke) arrives in Paris to be closer to his young daughter who lives with his ex-wife. We learn that the divorce was caused by Tom's mental illness, from which he has apparently recovered. Completely broke, he accepts a job as a night guard for a local crime boss who owns a run down hostel. Stationed in a basement office, his only task is to push a button when a bell rings. The tranquility of the night, he hopes, will help him focus on his new novel. His days become more exciting when he starts a romance with Margit (Thomas), a mysterious and elegant widow who sets strange rules to their meetings: she will only see him at her apartment in the fifth arrondissement, at 5pm sharp, twice a week and he should ask no questions about her work or her past life. He also gets closer to Ania (Kulig), the Polish barmaid of the hostel where he lives, who has literary interests. Tom's relationship with Ania eventually becomes a sexual affair, and his neighbor blackmails him about it. Shortly after the neighbor is killed, his daughter goes missing, and Tom begins to believe that a dark force has entered his life, punishing anyone who has recently done him wrong. After the police accuse him of murdering his neighbor, Tom tries to use his weekly visits to Margit's apartment as an alibi. The police check and find out that she died and hasn't lived at this address for the past 15 years. He is let go, after the police determines that the murderer was in fact the owner of the hostel. When the two meet in the corridor of the police station, one is led to believe that somebody planted evidence to frame the owner of the hostel. He continues the affair with Ania, but also decides to encounter Margit again, and tells her she is not real. She says she is the most real love he'll encounter in his life, and that she knows him from the inside. She tells him to lose his muse and say goodbye to his wife and daughter. They embrace and he accuses her of having done something with his daughter, and he starts to choke her. His daughter is eventually found wandering in the forest, and is reunited with her mother. In the final scene, Anya waits for him at the bar but Tom ascends the stairs once again to Margit's apartment. The movie fades out as the door to her apartment opens .
tt0089885
Comedy,Horror,Sci-Fi
At a medical school in Zurich, Switzerland, a dean is called in to investigate a disturbance in one of the labs. When he enters with a policeman and nurse they find one of the school's professors, Gruber, screaming in agony and a med student, Herbert West, with him. Gruber's skin has turned purple and his eyes bulge until they explode, spewing blood. The stricken man falls dead and the dean asks if West had killed the doctor to which West replies "No, I gave him life!" West arrives at Miskatonic University in New England in order to further his studies. He rents a room from medical student Dan Cain (Bruce Abbott) and converts the house's basement into his own personal laboratory. There is an instant animosity between West and faculty member Dr. Carl Hill (David Gale). West declares that Hill stole the theory of brain death from West's late mentor, Dr. Gruber. Hill vows that West will never get a passing grade in his class. Dan has been carrying on a clandestine love affair with Barbara, daughter of Miskatonic's medical school's dean, Dr Halsey. Barbara and Dan know that if her father finds out about their relationship, Dan could be expelled. Dan discovers that West has re-animated his dead cat, Rufus, with a glowing "reagent." West recruits Dan as his partner in research to defeat death. Dan's fiancee Megan dislikes West, especially after discovering Rufus re-animated in a state of dismemberment. Hill manages to turn Dr. Halsey against both West and Dan. Barred from the school, West and Dan sneak into the morgue to test the reagent on a human subject in an attempt to salvage their medical careers. The corpse revives and goes on a rampage, attacking the duo. Halsey stumbles upon the scene originally to force them out of the morgue for trespassing and, despite attempts by both West and Dan to save him, is killed by the re-animated corpse. Armed with a bone saw, West dispatches the reanimated cadaver. Unfazed by the violence and excited at the prospect of working with a freshly dead specimen, West injects Halsey with the reagent. Halsey returns to life, but in a zombie-like state. Hill discovers West's work and gains guardianship over Halsey, whom he puts in a padded cell adjacent to his office. Dan and Megan break into Hill's office where they find evidence that Hill is obsessed with Megan and has lobotomized her father. Hill has gone to confront West in his basement lab and threatens to blackmail him to continue his research so that Hill can take credit for West's reagent. While Hill is distracted, West hits then decapitates Hill with a shovel. Overcome with curiosity, West re-animates both Hill's head and body. While West is questioning Hill's head and taking notes, Hill's body knocks him unconscious. The body carries the head and steals West's reagent, returning to Hill's office. Exercising mind control over Halsey, Hill sends him out to kidnap Megan from Dan. West and Dan track Halsey to the morgue, where they find Hill's body holding his head in a compromising position over a restrained Megan. West distracts Hill while Dan frees Megan. Hill reveals that he has re-animated and lobotomized several corpses from the morgue to do his bidding. However, Megan manages to get through to her father, who fights off the other corpses long enough for Dan and Megan to escape. In the ensuing chaos, Halsey is torn to pieces by the corpses after he destroys Hill's head and West injects Hill's body with what he believes is a lethal overdose of the reagent which began to destroy Hill's body. Hill's body mutates horribly and attacks West, who screams out to Dan to save his work as he continues fighting. He is dragged toward the monstrosity, his fate unrevealed. Dan retrieves the satchel containing West's reagent. As Dan and Megan run from the morgue, one of the re-animated corpses attacks and kills Megan. Dan takes her to the hospital emergency room and tries in vain to revive her. In despair, he injects her with reagent. Just after the scene fades to black, Megan screams, implying that her re-animation has backfired.
tt0070917
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
Sergeant Neil Howie of the West Highland Police receives an anonymous letter requesting his presence on Summerisle, a remote Hebridean island famed for its popular and unusually abundant fruit produce. A young girl named Rowan Morrison has been missing for a number of months and her mother is being uncooperative with enquiries. Due to the island's isolation it is unlikely she could have left by herself, abduction is suspected. Howie, a devout and celibate Christian, travels by seaplane to the island and is profoundly disturbed to find a society that worships the old pagan, Celtic gods of their ancestors. Couples copulate openly in the fields, children are taught in school of the phallic importance of the maypole, toads are placed in the mouth to cure whooping cough, and the island has no Christian ministers or priests. Its church and graveyards have long been deconsecrated and are now used for the idiosyncratic burial rituals of the locals, who believe in re-incarnation. In the course of his investigation, Howie encounters difficulty in extracting information from the islanders, who claim never to have heard of Rowan, and whose own mother insists does not exist. Rooming at The Green Man Inn, where he is introduced to the beautiful young daughter of the landlord, Willow, Howie notices a series of photographs celebrating the island's annual harvests adorning the wall of the bar with each photograph featuring a young girl, the May Queen. The latest photograph is missing due to it being "broken". No negative exists. After discovering a grave bearing Rowan Morrison's name in the cemetery, Howie's search eventually brings him into contact with the island's community leader, Laird and de facto figurehead Lord Summerisle, who explains to Howie the island's recent history and culture. Summerisle's grandfather, a distinguished Victorian scientist, developed several new strains of fruit that he believed could prosper in Scotland's climate given the proper conditions. Drawn to Summerisle's unique combination of fertile, volcanic soil and local waters heated by the Gulf Stream, he inculcated in the local populace a belief that the old gods were real and worshipping them by farming the new crop strains would deliver them from their meagre livelihood. The crops bore fruit and the island's Christian clergy were driven away, with the population now embracing pagan teachings wholesale. Enraged by Summerisle's glib comment that the Christian god is "dead", Howie demands permission to exhume Rowan's body, which Lord Summerisle subsequently grants, confident in the belief that such a deeply religious community as his is incapabale of murder. Howie's exhumation of the grave reveals only the body of a hare. He angrily confronts Summerisle once more, declaring that he believes that Rowan Morrison was murdered as part of a pagan sacrifice and that he intends to bring the full weight of the law upon the inhabitants of the island. Breaking into the local chemist's shop, Howie discovers that a negative of last year's harvest photograph does in fact exist. It shows Rowan standing amidst a meagre, pathetic group of boxes, indicating that last year's harvest was a poor one and that the crops the island's only means of income had failed. Struck by his recollection of an offhand remark made by Lord Summerisle about appeasing the old gods "when necessary" and by research that indicates pagan societies offer up a human sacrifice in the event of crop failure, Howie deduces that Rowan is in fact still alive and that she is being kept hidden until she can be sacrificed as part of the May Day celebrations to ensure a plentiful harvest for the coming year. Howie spends another night at the Inn where, in the room next to his, Willow sings to him and openly attempts to seduce him. The next morning, discovering that his plane has been sabotaged and is unable to take off, Howie elects to search the island for Rowan himself ahead of the impending May Day parade. Howie ties up the innkeeper and assumes his place as Punch, a principal character of the May Day festival. Disguised, he joins the procession of islanders as they cavort through the town and perform harmless sacrifices to the various lesser gods. Then Lord Summerisle announces that a grimmer sacrifice awaits them, and Rowan is finally revealed, tied to a post. Howie cuts her free and flees through a cave but after a brief chase emerges at another entrance on a precipice where Summerisle and his followers stand waiting for them. Howie is shocked to see Rowan merrily embrace her captors and then notices that he is being surrounded. Lord Summerisle explains to Howie that, after painstaking research on their behalf, he specifically was lured to Summerisle by the islanders, who have been successful in a conspiracy to lead him to believe that a missing girl was being held captive against her will, and confirms to him that last year's harvest failed disastrously, threatening the inhabitants with a return to their previously desperate existence and that they have no intention of allowing that to happen. Their religion calls for a sacrifice to be made to the Sun god as Lord Summerisle explains that, "animals are fine, but their acceptibility is limited. A young child is even better, but not nearly as effective as the right kind of adult." Howie's devout Christian lifestyle and his livelihood as a policeman mean that he meets the outstanding criteria for a human that is to be sacrificed to appease the gods he has come of his own free will, with the power of a king and he is a virgin. In spite of his protestations that the crops failed because fruit was not meant to grow on these islands and that next year the sacrifice of Lord Summerisle himself will be called for, Howie is stripped bare, then dressed in ceremonial robes and led to the summit of a cliff with his hands tied. He is horrified to find a giant, hollow wicker man statue which he is then locked inside. The statue is soon set afire. As the islanders surround the burning wicker man and sing the Middle English folk-song "Sumer Is Icumen In", a terrified Howie curses them and recites Psalm 23 as he prays to God for accession to Heaven. The film ends as the burning head of the wicker man falls from its shoulders, as the sun sets in a blood-red sky.
tt0097758
Adventure,Comedy,Family
After moving to the neighborhood, Brian Arthur Stevenson (FRED SAVAGE - TV's "The Wonder Years") and his family are looking forward to a new life in the suburbs. But it isn't long before Brian meets up with his first real best friend that of all people (or things) turns out to be a monster named Maurice (HOWIE MANDEL - TV's "Bobby's World"), a monster who lives to have fun playing jokes and all the things that a kid can't do under an adult's supervision. After his younger brother Eric Stevenson (BEN SAVAGE) claims he's been having monsters under his bed, Brian trades rooms with him to prove him wrong. But when he does, he's the one who's proven wrong when he finds Maurice snooping around. Together as Maurice shows Brian the time of his life in another world under his bed, they form a strong friendship in ways they never imagined. But they also learn that sooner or later, Brian will have to abandon this dream come true for any kid or risk the nightmare of a lifetime becoming a little monster himself! When two evil monsters who rule the monster world named Boy (FRANK WHALEY) and Snik (RICK DUCCOMUN) learn of this, they abduct Eric as insurance to get Brian to cooperate and stay to become one of them. With the help of a few friends: Todd [Eric's best friend] (WILLIAM MURRAY WEISS), Ronnie Coleman (DEVIN RATRAY), Kiersten Deveraux (AMBER BARRETTO) and Maurice, Brian must take matters into his own hands and rescue Eric before sunset 3-5 minutes after 6:19am. But will they make it out alive in time or will their fate leave them doomed to become little monsters forever?
tt0093640
Action,Crime,Drama
At a formal ball in Washington D.C., U.S. Navy Lieutenant Commander Tom Farrell (Kevin Costner) meets a young woman, Susan Atwell (Sean Young). The two immediately begin an affair when they have quick sex in the backseat of Farrell's limousine and later at Susan's apartment. Although Farrell is clearly in love, it is implied that Susan is involved with someone else. During his next Naval deployment to the Phillippines, Farrell rescues a sailor from his ship during a storm and becomes a hero. He is brought back to Washington to work at the Pentagon in the Office of the Secretary of Defense. Secretary of Defense David Brice (Gene Hackman) is aware that his General Counsel Scott Pritchard (Will Patton) is an old friend of Farrell's. Brice is attempting to cancel a white elephant "Phantom Sub" project that has powerful political backing. Brice decides that Farrell should act as his direct liaison to the CIA. The real purpose is to gather information about whether the Soviets really are working on such a project. Soon after, Farrell finds out that the other man in Susan's life is Secretary Brice. However, Brice in turn learns of Susan's infidelity. While demanding the name of her new lover, he slaps Susan in a jealous rage and fatally knocks her off an indoor balcony. Ready to turn himself in, Brice is persuaded by Pritchard to cover up everything and blame it on someone else. They concoct a story that claims Susan's other lover was in fact a KGB sleeper agent code-named "Yuri." In the aftermath, they focus all attention on an attempt to capture him. Confident that "Yuri" doesn't exist, Director of Central Intelligence Marshall (Fred Dalton Thompson) dismisses the possibility of it being Pritchard having an affair with Susan, saying that Pritchard is homosexual. Brice appoints the unknowing Farrell to lead the investigation to find Susan's other lover; the KGB spy. Farrell is thus placed in the position of attempting to find evidence that could falsely implicate himself. The only forensic evidence in the case is a badly damaged Polaroid negative recovered from Susan's house, which requires lengthy computerized processing to become visible. Aware that it is his face on the blurred photo, Farrell pleads with systems analyst Sam Hesselman, an old friend, to slow down the processing and confides in him about his secret affair with Susan Atwell. While the processing takes place, Farrell sets about re-directing attention back onto Brice. He does this by searching government printouts for evidence that Brice gave Susan a present which was a government-registered gift from Morocco. Pritchard harasses Nina Beka, a close friend of Susan's, by threatening deportation back to South Africa. Then he sends covert assassins to "take care of" her. Farrell comes to Nina's rescue just in time. A suspicious Sam goes to Pritchard with concerns about what Farrell told him. Realizing that Sam can implicate Brice, Pritchard shoots him in cold blood. A race develops between two pieces of evidence: the processing of the picture implicating Farrell and a printout of the gift's registration implicating Secretary Brice. Farrell obtains the printout first and confronts Brice with the evidence. Brice shifts the blame to Pritchard, arguing that Pritchard was jealous of his relationship with Susan. A devastated Pritchard commits suicide with a pistol right there in his office. When the military police enter, the guilt-ridden Brice then turns himself in as being the one who killed Susan Atwell and that her KGB lover never existed. The film ends with a surprising plot twist; The following day, Farrell is mourning at Susan's grave when two plainclothes men arrive and take him away for questioning to a local hotel where another man emerges from behind a two-way mirror. The interrogator is Farrell's landlord Mr. Schiller (Michael Shillo). After a few moments, he addresses Farrell in Russian and Farrell responds in kind. Farrell is, in fact, the real "Yuri," and his landlord is his KGB supervisor and handler. Yuri/Farrell was planted in the U.S.A. as a teenager and became the "mole" in the Department of Defense this whole time. As the KGB was aware of Brice's affair, Farrell was assigned to seduce Atwell and gather intelligence from the Secretary of Defense's mistress. Although his handlers demand that he return to the Soviet Union immediately since his cover was nearly blown, Farrell refuses and leaves. The KGB agents are about to chase after him when Schiller stops them and tells them to let Farrell go for the time being. Schiller quips: "He'll be back. Where else does he have to go?"
tt0103759
Crime,Drama,Thriller
In New York City, "Lieutenant", also known as "LT" (Harvey Keitel) drives his two young sons from their house to their Catholic elementary school in the Bronx, and instructs them to curse at their Aunt Wendy, who "hogged" the bathroom for over one hour and made them late. Afterward, he snorts cocaine before reporting to the scene of a double-murder of two women inside their automobile. Lieutenant takes bets from his colleagues on an upcoming baseball playoff series between the New York Mets and the Los Angeles Dodgers, and places a large bet for himself. Sometime later, the Lieutenant visits a drug dealer who owes him money, and takes some of his cocaine until the man can pay his debt. At night, Lieutenant goes to another apartment where he does drugs and has sex with two women named Adriane and Bowtay. Next, LT goes to a liquor store, where an officer from his precinct is trying to settle a dispute between the store owner and two young black men he claims stole money from his register. Lieutenant instructs the officer to take the store owner to the station to write a report. When left alone, he orders the young men to return the stolen money, which he keeps, and allows them to leave without being arrested. Afterward, Lieutenant visits another woman, named Zoe, and uses more drugs with her by smoking heroin. Meanwhile, at a Catholic church in Spanish Harlem, two men rape a nun on the altar. When Lieutenant learns of the crime, he insults the Catholic Church, although he claims to be a Catholic himself. He is more concerned with the bets his colleagues have made with him, and encourages them to place additional bets instead of taking their winnings. Sometime later, Lieutenant goes to the hospital where the nun is being examined. He watches her through the door, but leaves without speaking to her. Later that night, he pulls over two young girls driving with a broken taillight. When they admit to stealing their father's automobile and driving without a license, Lieutenant sexually harasses them. Threatening arrest, he orders one girl to lift her skirt, and demands the other simulate oral sex, while he stands outside their vehicle and masturbates. He zips up his pants and without a further word gets in his automobile and drives away. Strung out on drugs, the Lieutenant goes to the church where the rape occurred, but leaves when he finds fellow detectives conducting their investigation. As the sun comes up, Lieutenant snorts more cocaine and drinks from a flask as he drives around and listens to a baseball game on the radio. When the Mets lose, he becomes furious and shoots the radio, then places a flashing light on top of his car and turns on the siren as a distraction. He drives erratically, cursing the losing team. The Lieutenant attends a church where his daughter takes her first communion, and is approached by his bookie, asking for $30,000 he owes in gambling debts. However, Lieutenant refuses to pay, insisting on doubling his wager on the next game. Sometime later, Lieutenant overhears the nun telling her priest that she knows the young men who assaulted her, but refuses to name them, as they are "good boys" who attend Catholic school, and she feels sympathy for them. The Lieutenant watches the next baseball game at a bar, and his gambling debt skyrockets when the Mets lose again. Meanwhile, the Nun gives a public statement about her ordeal but then shocks the press when she says that she will not press charges against the two thugs who broke in and raped her and stole from the church because of her Catholic belief in God and His capacity for forgiveness. She tells the press that she has forgiven the men who raped her. Angered by the Nun's refusal to cooperate with the investigation, the New York Archbishop and the Police Commissioner announce a $50,000 reward to the person or group who finds and captures the two men who raped the Nun. The Lieutenant hears about the reward and realizes it would solve most of his debt problems. The Lieutenant goes to a disco and does more drugs, then insists that his bookie place a $120,000 bet for him on the next playoff game. Lieutenant continues his bender, and goes to the home of a drug dealer who owes him money. The young man repays his $30,000 debt, and worries about the detective's state of mind. Lieutenant carries the box of cash to his vehicle with his gun drawn. Visiting his lover, Zoe, once again he shoots up heroin and hallucinates seeing Jesus Christ nailed to the cross. Sometime later, the Lieutenant visits the Nun at the church, but when he promises her justice if she names her assailants, she tells him she has already forgiven the young men. When he warns that the perpetrators could rape other nuns, she instructs Lieutenant to pray on the matter. After she leaves, Lieutenant falls to the church floor and wails. He sees Jesus Christ standing before him, curses God, and throws a rosary at the hallucination. Lieutenant laments his life, accusing God of abandoning him. Through screams and tears, he apologizes for his many sins, and begs God for forgiveness. When the illusion disappears, Lieutenant finds himself kissing the feet of an old black woman. He leaves the church with her where she tells him who raped the nun from a brass chalet. The woman says that on the previous day, two Hispanic youths came into the pawn shop where her husband works and attempted to pawn a chalet for cash, which the woman recognized as being from the very same church because she is a regular attendee. The elderly black woman takes the Lieutenant down the street and points out the apartment building where the two thugs reside since they also gave their address when they pawned the stolen items from the church. The Lieutenant goes to a drug house down the street from the church to arrest the two Hispanics who raped the Nun. Handcuffing the youths, he holds them at gunpoint and smokes "crack" with them, while watching the baseball game on television. The Mets finally win, but Lieutenant does not react to the good news. He escorts the youths to Port Authority Bus Terminal, cursing them along the way. He forces them to board a bus and never return, and gives them his box with the $30,000 and tells the two punks that he forgives them for raping the Nun. As the bus pulls away, Lieutenant lets out a wail, and walks away in tears. The Lieutenant drives aimlessly around the city in the middle of the day, and after parking his unmarked vehicle in front of Penn Station, a man drives by, shouts "Hey, Cop!!" and shoots him. The car with the mob flunky speeds away as a crowd gathers around the Lieutenant's parked car, with the dead Lieutenant still inside.
tt1356864
Comedy,Drama,Music
The directorial debut of Oscar-nominated actor Casey Affleck, I'M STILL HERE is a striking portrayal of a tumultuous year in the life of internationally acclaimed actor Joaquin Phoenix. With remarkable access, I'M STILL HERE follows the Oscar-nominee as he announces his retirement from a successful film career in the fall of 2008 and sets off to reinvent himself as a hip hop musician. Sometimes funny, sometimes shocking, and always riveting, the film is a portrait of an artist at a crossroads. Defying expectations, it deftly explores notions of courage and creative reinvention, as well as the ramifications of a life spent in the public eye.
tt0072856
Action,Comedy,Sci-Fi
In the dystopian year of 2000, the United States has been destroyed by a financial crisis and a military coup. Political parties have collapsed into a single Bipartisan Party, which also fulfills the religious functions of a unified church and state. The resulting fascist police state, the United Provinces, is headed by the cult figure "Mr. President" (Sandy McCallum). The people are kept satisfied through a stream of gory gladiatorial entertainment, which includes the bloody spectacle of the Annual Transcontinental Road Race, depicted as a symbol of American values and way of life. The coast-to-coast, three-day race is run on public roads, and points are scored not just for speed, but for the number of innocent pedestrians struck and killed. Frankenstein (David Carradine) is the most celebrated racer and is the government's champion. He is reputed to be part machine, rebuilt after many crashes. He regularly battles with the other teams, particularly "Machine Gun" Joe Viterbo (Sylvester Stallone), who hates being second. The film is set at the start of the 20th annual race, during which a resistance group led by Thomasina Paine (Harriet Medin), a lineal descendant of Thomas Paine, one of the original American revolutionaries of the 1770s, is attempting to assassinate Frankenstein and replace him with one of their agents. The "Resistance" is assisted by Paine's great granddaughter Annie (Simone Griffeth), Frankenstein's navigator, who is intending to lure him into a planned ambush where he is to be replaced by a double. Disruption of the race by the Resistance is blamed on the French by the state, who are also blamed for ruining the country's economy and telephone system. It emerges that Frankenstein is not a willing government stooge, nor is there a single Frankenstein. The current Frankenstein is simply one of many people specially trained to race in the role. "When one is used up, they bring in another," he tells Annie. The current Frankenstein also has his own plan to end the tyranny: win the race and shake hands with Mr. President, detonating a grenade which has been implanted in his prosthetic right hand (he refers to it as a "hand grenade".) Frankenstein successfully outmaneuvers both the rival drivers and the Resistance, and is declared the winner and sole survivor, although he is wounded and unable to carry out his original grenade attack plan (with Annie using the grenade to kill Joe Viterbo when he attacks them near the end of the race). Annie dons Frankenstein's disguise and plans to stab the President on the victory podium. Greeting the president as he congratulates Frankenstein (and declares war on the French), Annie is mistakenly shot and wounded by her grandmother. Frankenstein finally succeeds in killing the President by ramming the podium with his car. In an epilogue, Annie and Frankenstein are wed, and Frankenstein, now President, abolishes the race and the perverse laws of the Provinces, though he does make a point of running over objecting (and objectionable) reporter Junior Bruce (Don Steele) whom appears throughout the movie covering the race.
tt0091187
Drama,War
The story opens in the drunk tank of a small town jail. Marine Gunnery Sergeant Tom Highway is sharing stories about his combat service with the other prisoners. At one point, he's interrupted by another prisoner who mocks Highway's military rank. Highway immediately beats the man, easily disarming him after he pulls a knife on the sergeant. The next day in court, Highway is given one last chance by the judge after being charged with public drunkenness and disorderly conduct. That doesn't sit well with the cop whose squad car Highway urinated on. He insults Highway, telling him his heroics are old news and that he doesn't give any serviceman discounts. Highway counters with an insult of his own and leaves. Highway returns to his base where he works in supply. He roughly turns down a bribe from another officer who offers him a supply of Cuban cigars. Highway reports to his commanding officer, who tells him he's being transferred to Camp Lejeune in North Carolina where he'll be training unmotivated marines. Highway takes the bus to Camp Lejeune, meeting a young man, Stitch Jones, a budding rock guitarist who had just been kicked out of the club he was performing in for starting a fight with a group of locals. Jones is an instant irritation to Highway with constant chatter while Highway tries to get some sleep. When the bus stops at a roadside diner, Jones waits until Highway goes into the men's room and steals his bus ticket. The bus leaves before Highway can catch up with it and Jones. Highway arrives at Camp Lejeune and reports to his commanding officer. Before meeting with the man, Highway catches up with and old friend, Sgt Major Choozoo. Highway's & Choozoo's new CO, Major Malcolm Powers, used to work in Supply and was a big football hero at Annapolis. He is even stricter than Highway and immediately assumes that Highway, who has a history of conflict with superiors, will be trouble. Highway's past also includes an incident where he struck an officer who was classmate of Powers at Annapolis Academy. Powers assigns Highway to the battalion's "recon" (reconnaissance) platoon, one where the men are unmotivated, slightly out of physical shape, and have already gone through several sergeants who failed to get them up to the battalion's expectations. Making matters worse, Highway is saddled with Lieutenant Ring, a milquetoast officer who lacks the necessary stern nature of a platoon leader. Highway leaves the meeting and meets the recon platoon, finding them just as lazy as Powers said they would be. At first, the men are scornful of Highway and pay him little attention. Highway destroys their boom box and suggests they have one last night of freedom before he begins his regimen of training the next day. Just then, Stitch Jones walks into the rec room and is instantly recognized by Highway. Highway drags Jones by the ear to his bunk to pay him for the bus ticket he stole. When Jones' claims he's unable to pay back some money he also stole from Highway, Highway rips out Jones' earring, telling the men to be ready by six AM for training. After Highway leaves, the men conspire to have their biggest unit member, Swede Johanson, currently serving time in the brig, to take care of Highway when he's released. Highway goes to the local bar and apartment house, meeting Little Mary Jackson, the wife of one of Highway's old combat buddies who was killed in Vietnam. She rents him a room and tells him that his former wife, Aggie, is working at a local bar popular with younger Marines. Highway goes there and finds Aggie, who is also seeing the bar's owner, Roy Jennings, a hulking man who hates Marines. While Highway tries to patch things up with Aggie, Stitch Jones performs live. He's heckled by a small group of Marines at one of the tables. Jones fires back easily at his hecklers. A fight nearly breaks out and despite Jones' own defusing of the other Marines, Jennings moves in, shoving the Marines around even after they've calmed down. Highway steps in threateningly, but Jones and Aggie talk the two men out of fighting each other. Jennings throws Highway and Jones out of the bar. The next morning, Highway wakes the recon platoon at five AM instead of six. When they complain, he tells them they need to adapt to any situation. He lines them up for physical training (PT) and orders them to take off their mismatched t-shirts, saying they'll all wear the same or none at all. The platoon begrudgingly complies and Highway orders them to run for the day. The next day, he orders the t-shirts off again, even though they were wearing the same ones. (HIGHWAY: "Same as me?") While doing PT, Highway surprises them by shooting at them with an AK-47 assault rifle and live ammunition, announcing that it's the "preferred" weapon of their enemy & makes a "distinctive sound" when fired. When not training his Marines, Highway studies up on women's magazines, trying to understand how they think. He also keeps an eye on Aggie, who gets escorted home every night from the bar by Roy. One morning, the platoon refuses to muster, several of them mouthing off and Jones introducing Highway to Swede Johanson. Swede tries to hit Highway, who dodges and blocks the bigger man's blow, forcing him to his knees. Highway hits Swede once on the jaw, knocking him to the deck. The rest of the platoon, their plan foiled, runs out for muster. Swede regains his composure & tells Highway he'll wait for the MPs outside. Highway, knowing that his comrades were using Swede, tells him to join his platoon for PT, willing to forget the incident if Swede shapes up. Other little hints begin to form about Highway caring for his men. When Profile accidentally discharges his rifle at the target range and almost hits Major Powers, Highway stays with him while Powers makes him run circles around his marching platoon back to the barracks. Profile soon collapses from exhaustion. Highway says something quietly to his man and Profile suddenly gives a loud war cry and takes up his run again. When Powers asks Highway what he said to Profile, Highway growls "I told him 'Don't give the prick the satisfaction, Sir.' " When Major Powers wants Recon to act as a target to sharpen 1st Platoon's skills, Highway goes off book and executes a mock ambush. Powers is ready to arrest him for insubordination, but Lt. Ring, feeling guilty about putting Highway in that position in the first place, took responsibility for it, saying he'd given Highway permission to freelance the men. Before Highway leaves Powers' office, he asserts that if recon went into combat improperly trained, at least half of them would die. Powers threatens to discharge Highway if he screws up again, saying it's in Highway's nature to do so. A slightly depressed Highway is met later at Little Mary's place by Choozoo. He laments about how restrictive Powers is being and that he'd never lead his men into combat if they're not properly trained. Mary walks in and informs them that they have to report back for unit deployment. At the base, Highway's platoon is frantic, trying to ready their gear and get out to the parade ground for muster. Jones stammers about the missing Aponte, whom he fears will be charged AWOL. At the muster site, Highway asks Powers to issue Ring a set of night-vision goggles. Powers, already going through his strict routine of supplying the battalion with ammo and other equipment, tells Highway he'll have to fill out a request form for the goggle. Highway is taken aback and tells the battalion chief so when he reports. Just then the announcement comes through that the deployment was a readiness exercise and the base is standing down. Powers is disappointed. Highway finds Jones in the rec room and demands to know where he can find Aponte. After a harsh retort from Jones, Jones takes him to Aponte's house off the base. Aponte tells Highway that what his salary from the Corps isn't enough to support his wife and kids so he took a part-time job. Highway is exasperated but shows he genuinely understands when he agrees to cover for Aponte and gives him a small amount of money to help out. As they leave, Highway tells Jones never to pull another stunt like that again and drives off, leaving Jones to walk back to the base. Highway goes to visit Aggie and tries to talk to her, asking her what he could have done to fix their marriage. She said he was Marine through and through and had a hard time changing. She even accused him of trying to get back in with her by changing up his tactics, throwing him out of her house. A pissed-off Highway gets drunk and ends up in jail, joined by Jones, who got arrested when he protested a fixed band contest at a local bar. Aggie and Choozoo come to bail Highway out, and Aggie reads him the riot act about how hard it was for her to be married to him while he was fighting in Vietnam and not knowing if he would come home alive when so many others didn't. All of her anger came out, and she hits Highway, but she apologizes and breaks down crying in his arms. He holds on to her and comforts her. Back in the bar, Choozoo tells Jones about the history of the place and the Marines who are honored there, mostly in the photographs covering the walls. He also tells Jones about his and Highway's combat experiences in both Korea and Vietnam. One of their guys, Sonny Jackson, was killed at Khe Sanh in 1968. Their combat in Korea was particularly rough, with their entire platoon being wiped out except for Choozoo, Jackson and Highway. Highway himself took out an enemy emplacement and, much to Jones' astonishment, won the Congressional Medal of Honor. Little Mary offers to make them something to eat and Jones sees that Mary is holding a stack of Highway's t-shirts. When he asks her about them, she tells him she puts out his clothes for him in the morning before he leaves for the base. Jones smiles widely, knowing he's got an upper hand. The next morning when Highway meets his platoon, they're all wearing the same shirt he is, suggesting Jones only had to place a quick phone call to Mary. Highway smiles slightly, impressed with their ability to adapt. Highway leads his now well-motivated Marines into a competition against 1st Platoon, parachuting to a designated target, the Marine Bear Pit, to earn a 72-hour liberty. He even gets Swede, who is afraid of heights, to skydive by admitting he was afraid of heights, too. Recon and 1st Platoon get there at the same time, and despite Powers' insistence Choozoo make 1st Platoon the winner, Choozoo goes to a tiebreaker: Matchup. Both units get in the Bear Pit and fight each other to remain there. The battle eventually comes down to Jones vs. 2 of 1st Platoon's men. They seemingly get Jones under control and haul him out of the Bear Pit until Jones grabs their crotches hard and pulls them out instead. Powers claims that 1st Platoon won because Jones cheated. Highway says Jones improvised, adapted and overcame. When Powers orders Choozoo to declare 1st Platoon the victor, Choozoo decides to let Highway and Powers battle. Despite his bragging that he'll defeat Highway, Powers is defeated by Highway and hauled out, clinching recon's victory. Powers sends Sgt. Webster, 1st Platoon's sergeant, known for kissing up to Powers, to get statements from Recon that Highway used live ammunition on the training exercises, even bribing them with weekend liberty. Recon refuses to inform on Highway, having found new respect for their sergeant. Aggie finds Highway at a Commanding Officer's party and they enjoy a nice dance. Highway admits to reading the magazines and is trying to understand how women think, hoping he could reconcile with Aggie. However, Aggie tells him Roy asked her to marry him. Before Highway finds out her answer, his unit is immediately activated for mobilization for the 1983 invasion of Grenada. On the hangar bay of the USS Belleau Wood, Ring briefs the men of their mission: to helicast on the western side of the island of Grenada and recon in advance of the battalion landing team. Their ultimate goal is to rescue American students of St Georges Medical University who are being held hostage. Despite their nervousness about seeing real combat, Recon boards the UH-1 Huey and land on the island. While advancing inland they make hostile contact with forward patrols and machine gun fighting positions of enemy soldiers and come under heavy fire. While his men keep the attention of the enemy focused on them, Highway moves in behind and kills the soldiers who try to retreat into the jungle. He looks one of them over, finding a fine cigar and announces they're a small Cuban recon team. He angrily tells his men to spread out and keep a close watch for more of the enemy. Highway's unit moves in on a lightly-guarded bridge. They come under fire again and Highway orders them to improvise: Jones and Fragetti use a bulldozer to provide cover so they can advance on and destroy an enemy machine gun nest. They take out the nest on the far side of the bridge and take down the Cuban flag flying above it. One of their number asks for forgiveness from a soldier he killed, his first such kill in combat. The recon unit moves towards the university as ordered and secure the area, rescuing the captured students. In a humorous incident, the jumpy Fragetti is surprised by a skeleton in a medical lab and shoots the place up. Highway finds him and tells him he's improved his rifle skill. Highway, Ring, and the platoon are then ordered on another recon mission: investigate a hill where air support spotted an enemy arsenal. They are also given strict orders by Powers not to take the hill until he and 1st Platoon arrive. En route, they're caught under fire, Ring and the platoon make the mistake of trapping themselves in a structure rather than staying out of sight. A blast from a HRAKM armored tank knocks out their radio and kills Profile. Ring is beside himself for leading the men into a trap and getting Profile killed, but Highway gets him to refocus. Ring finds a telephone they could use to order an air strike by calling Camp Lejeune long-distance, but Jones has to go on the roof to find where the line is cut, successfully reconnecting the line and letting Ring use his credit card to pay for the call to Camp Lejeune. Ring gives their coordinates successfully but the line suddenly goes dead. Saying they'll have to improvise, Highway goes out to light a smoke marker to tell their position, and comes under fire, seemingly taking a grenade hit. The men look to Ring to lead, which he does by leading them out to get the unconscious Highway. The air strike comes through, the enemy is routed and Highway is actually uninjured and ready to resume command. Buoyed by their success, the men look to Ring for their next order. Ring rouses them, shouting that they'll take the hill. They make their way to the rebel position, destroy it, and capture the men inside while Highway enjoys the cigar he'd taken earlier, proud to see his men become real Marines. When Powers arrives and finds out, he bawls both Highway and Ring out and threatens Highway with a court-martial, even ready to assault Highway himself, but Highway remains defiant, pointedly telling Powers that he bores him. Their commanding officer, Colonel Meyers, arrives, and Powers reports that Ring and Highway disobeyed direct orders. Meyers asks where Powers came from and Powers said he came from Supply and was good at it. Meyers then tells Powers to stick with Supply since Highway and Ring, despite disobeying orders, took the initiative & came out the victors, completing a difficult mission under harsh circumstances. Proud of how his unit did with the mission, he roughly tells Highway and Choozoo to leave the area and see to the cleanup operation. Highway and his men return to the U.S. and are met by a warm reception. Aggie is there to welcome him back, too. To Highway's mock dismay, Stitch informs him that he is going to give up his music and make a career for himself in the Marines, while Highway takes his mandatory retirement. All of the Marines are celebrating with friends and family as Highway and Aggie walk off into the distance of airplane hangars.
tt0492486
Comedy,Horror,Mystery
American student Tara and her college friends visit Ireland to meet with local resident and friend Jake, and go camping in woodlands surrounding a long-disused children's home. While collecting psilocybin mushrooms for later consumption, Tara eats a death bell mushroom (Galerina) and suffers a seizure after which she experiences dream-like trances in which she begins having premonitions of future events. Around the evening camp fire, with Tara resting in her tent, Jake tells a ghost story of the empty children's home nearby, and of a violent sadistic monk who survived an assault by one of his charges, as revenge for killing his twin brother. Overhearing this causes Tara to have premonitions of the murders of her friends. After a deathly row with his girlfriend and the others, aggressive jock Bluto drinks some of the hallucinogenic tea (supposedly for all to share in the morning) and experiences a trip which culminates in his murder, seemingly at the hands of the rogue monk from the children's home. The following morning, unconcerned by Bluto's disappearance - the others consume the mushroom tea, only to become separated from one another in the woods while under its effects. The three women, arguing and squabbling, get lost until they themselves are split, and Holly and Lisa are violently murdered - in accordance with Tara's continuing visions - after an encounter with local woodsmen Ernie and Bernie. Jake and Troy find Tara on the bank of a river, and tell her to meet them in the abandoned home to summon help. Upon investigating the property, Troy is apparently killed by the monk, and Jake escapes by jumping from a high window, breaking his leg as he lands. Tara finds him and the two flee the haunted scene. Then, while resting his leg, he is murdered. Tara awakes as a Garda helicopter hovers over the camp, and is dispatched into an ambulance as the sole survivor. As her mobile phone rings, she experiences a rapid flashback and realizes that the death bell mushroom caused her to murder all of her friends. She asks the paramedic for help. Everything becomes quiet until we see her bloody hands holding a pair of bloody scissors which suggests that she has killed the paramedic. The film ends with Tara running in the woods.
tt0100934
Drama,Romance
Emily Reed (Carr Otis), a beautiful young lawyer, leaves her Midwest home town for the first time in her entire life to interview for jobs in New York City. During an interview at a firm specializing in international law, she claims to be fluent in several languages, including Portugese, and asserts that she has always been fascinated by other cultures. The two interviewers (Lester Berman and Steven Kaminsky) are impressed and Emily is offered the job as a paralegal, as long as she is willing to travel to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, that morning. After she accepts, Emily meets Claudia Dennis (Jacqueline Bisset), with whom she will travel to Brazil. Claudia informs Emily about the real estate deal they are going to close. Arriving in Rio de Janeiro, they are welcomed by Flavio (Milton Gonalves), a hotel concierge at a five-star hotel, and driven to a construction site. Claudia points out an old hotel that will be torn down and replaced after their deal is brokered, and describes plans for a marina. Claudia seeks out Elliot Costa (Michael Villela), who is due to sign over the land, but discovers that he has gone to Buenos Aires, Argentina, for a wedding. She decides to follow him there and instructs Emily to go on a date in her place that night. Claudia describes her date as "a predator" and warns Emily not to reveal too much. With Claudia gone, Emily explores the grounds and spies a local Brazilian couple (Anya Sartor and Joao Carlos Dos Santos) having sex inside the dilapidated hotel. Scandalized, Emily hurries back to her own hotel room and puts on the dress that Claudia left for her to wear. In the lobby, she meets Claudia's date, James Wheeler (Mickey Rourke), an enigmatic American businessman accompanied by two bodyguards. They walk from the hotel to a nearby restaurant, and Wheeler lags behind so that he can watch Emily. At dinner, he asks Emily to guess the personal secrets of other diners. She describes an attractive married couple, stating that they met at a ski resort and honeymooned at a "grand hotel" that was surprisingly rundown. Wheeler presses for more information, but Emily does not want to go further. When he threatens to approach the couple, Emily stops him, continuing her story about the honeymoon. She describes the couple having sex in full view of a voyeur. Wheeler leads Emily to a patio, where they don masks and join a group of samba dancers. As she watches a couple doing a seductive dance, Emily is startled by a man in a wolf mask, who bites her neck. She runs back to her hotel. In the morning, Emily is shocked to find James Wheeler in her room. She accuses him of biting her neck but he denies doing it. Claudia calls from Buenos Aires and gives Emily orders to set up a meeting with Elliot Costa's lawyers at the airport. Wheeler makes a date to pick up Emily that afternoon. When she meets him, he introduces her to Hanna (Assumpta Serna) and Otto Munch (Oleg Vidov), the couple they observed at dinner. Wheeler has invited Otto, a race car driver, to accompany him on a motorcycle ride. Emily joins Wheeler on his motorcycle, while Hanna rides alongside Otto's motorcycle in a limousine. Wheeler leads them to a Carnival celebration by the beach. There, Hanna is harassed on the dance floor, and Wheeler steps in to protect her. As Wheeler fights Hanna's harasser, another man tries to steal Hanna's necklace. Her dress is torn, exposing her breasts. Otto tries to cover Hanna up, but she yells at him to look at her. Wheeler ushers Otto, Hanna, and Emily back into the limousine. They ride in silence until Hanna starts to cover her breasts. Wheeler stops her, expressing his desire to look at Hanna's body. He compliments Hanna's breasts and torso, and suspects that Otto's anger toward her must stem from a past infidelity. Wheeler encourages Otto to admire Hanna, and places the man's hand on Hanna's thigh. He watches as they begin to make love. Emily becomes uncomfortable and asks Wheeler to stop them. Wheeler claims he cannot, and wonders if Emily has ever given in to primal urges. Wheeler takes Emily back to Elliot Costa's land and leads her inside the dilapidated hotel. Emily embraces him, but he evades her, claiming he is not good at being touched. That night, Emily waits for Wheeler at an outdoor bar. She is offended when an American named Jerome propositions her for sex. Wheeler arrives, and Emily explains the situation in tears. However, Wheeler encourages her to go back to Jerome's room. Emily tentatively collects the stack of money and room key Jerome left behind, and follows him to his room. She stands in the window so that Wheeler can see her as Jerome removes her dress. Changing her mind, she tries to get away, but Jerome wrestles her to the floor. She relents, and they have sex. The next day, Claudia and Elliot Costa return from Buenos Aires. At the airport, they sit down with Emily, and Elliot Costa's lawyers... one of whom is Jerome McFarland, to finalize the real estate deal. Pretending not to recognize Jerome, Emily pulls Claudia aside and confesses the details of their tryst. Emily suggests she remove herself from negotiations, but Claudia tells her the fun is only just beginning. When Elliot's lawyers attempt to demand more from the deal, Claudia asks Jerome about his wife, Cynthia, indirectly threatening to expose his infidelity. The deal is signed, and Claudia plans a celebration for that evening, when Mr. Chin, the Chinese investor whom she and Emily represent, arrives. Claudia asks Emily what she thinks about Wheeler, and Emily describes him as strange. Claudia admits she has been obsessed with him since they first met, and even hired a private detective to follow him. She uncovered that he grew up an orphan in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and had a debilitating stutter as a child. Just before greeting Mr. Chin, Claudia and Emily learn that Wheeler thwarted their land deal by buying the deed to Elliot Costa's hotel. Claudia forbids Emily from disclosing the information to Chin, and their celebration goes on as planned. In the morning, Emily and Claudia spot an attractive Brazilian man (Jens Peter) on the beach, and Claudia gives him the key to her room. When he arrives, Claudia forces Emily to stay with them and translate their conversation since the man cannot speak any English. After Claudia instructs the man to undress, Wheeler barges in, attacks the man, and leaves in a huff. Emily runs after Wheeler, and accuses him of setting her up for failure. He tells her she is "like all the rest of them" and storms out of the hotel. Later, Emily receives a package, containing the deed to the old hotel, which Wheeler has signed over to her. She informs Claudia that their deal is saved. Another day or two later, Wheeler shows up at Emily's hotel room and discusses his hardscrabble childhood. He began investing in real estate at 16-years old and found that women were attracted to his success, despite his stutter. The more remote he became, the more women pursued him. Therefore, he began "playing games" with romantic partners, and the games became a way of life. Emily begs him to touch her. At first, he refuses. However, he gives in, and they make love for the first time (in a very VERY erotic and climatic sex scene). Later over the closing credits, a happy and confident Emily is seen riding with James Wheeler on his motorcycle while Carnival rages on all around them.
tt0489235
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
This plot revolves around Bruce Campbell, who is playing himself throughout the piece being mistaken by fans for Ashley J. Williams. Due to this mistake he is dragged from his trailer park home to battle the avatar of the Chinese war diety Guan Di. ************************************* Synopsis My Name is Bruce is the heroic struggle of a small mining town (Gold Lick, Oregon) to rid itself of a vengeful monster. Guan-di (Jamie Peck), the Chinese god of war and protector of the dead, has been unleashed by cemetery desecrating teenagers to protect the graves of Chinese miners lost in a deadly cave-in of yesteryear. The deadly demons mission is to eradicate all those who transgressed against the tomb (relatives included), which is virtually the entire population of Gold Lick. The inbred community has to find a solution so Jeff (Taylor Sharpe), the sole survivor of a deadly Guan-Di encounter, takes it upon himself to kidnap his idol, Bruce Campbell (Bruce Campbell), star of countless B-movie horror films, and recruit him to be their local savior. Mortified at first, Bruce eventually goes along with Jeffs prank, convinced that its all an elaborate birthday present from his agent (Ted Raimi), and begins to enjoy the spoils of being a movie hero, including free liquor and Jeffs attractive mother, Kelly (Grace Thorsen). But Jeffs scheme goes horribly wrong when his hero, known more for fighting directors than mythical warriors, haphazardly leads the town in battle against Guan-Di. Confronted by a monster thats not a guy in a rubber suit, and with the blood of innocents on his hands, Bruce abandons the harsh reality of Gold Lick for the sanctity of his former, artificial life. In his ramshackle desert trailer, Bruce resumes the daily grind of genre sequels, poor housekeeping and cheap whiskey, but a gut-wrenching call from his biggest fan, Jeff - now forced to take on Guan-Di alone - prompts the actor to re-evaluate his destiny. Against his better judgment (and the angry citizens of Gold Lick), Bruce returns to defeat Guan-Di, save Jeff, and snag his hot mother. In the climactic, mano-a-monster, Bruce tries to rise above the miserable, off-screen schmuck that he is and become a heroin real life. Be afraid, Gold Lick be very afraid. [from official website synopsis] *************************************
tt0115697
Comedy
Mike Donnelly (Chris Farley), a good-natured but loud and bumbling oddball of his family, is driving an advertisement truck to support his older brother Al Donnelly's (Tim Matheson) campaign for Governor of Washington. His competition is incumbent Evelyn Tracy (Christine Ebersole). Mike is chased by neighborhood dogs while driving the truck and crashes into a local movie theater. Al's campaign manager, Roger Kovary (Timothy Carhart), advises Al to get rid of Mike, but Al decides to have Mike campaign for him in town with the assistance of campaign aide Steve Dodds (David Spade), who accepts the job in return for a spot on Al's staff following the election. As Steve goes to pick up Mike, he hits a crazed Vietnam veteran named Sgt. Drake Sabitch (Gary Busey), who ends up stealing his rental car. Later on, Mike tries to stop underage youngsters from drinking, but incriminating pictures make it look like he was drinking with them, leading to his termination from a county recreation center where he works. While packing up, he runs into a pair of thugs who set fire to the recreation center, while the same photographer takes potentially incriminating pictures of Mike right after the thugs leave the scene of the fire. However, the first cop to arrive at the scene is Robbie Mighuem (Grant Heslov), a friend of Mike's who lets him and Steve leave before the police arrive. The two take off in Mike's car and, per Kovary's instructions to Steve, head for a shack in rural Garfield County to hide out. The next day, as Steve and Mike hang fliers, Steve tries to make a call via cell phone; while looking for a place with reception, Steve stumbles down a mountain and lands upon the home of the aforementioned Drake Sabitch; which is an old school bus with a TV, a hammock, a grill, and several weapons. While trying to find a high-ground to get reception on his phone, Steve accidentally loosens a rock in a pile of stones. Later on, as the guys play checkers, a huge boulder rolls down the mountain, almost completely knocking their cabin off its foundation. Later that night, a stormy wind blows the cabin's roof away and hail falls inside. The next day, Mike tries to talk to Al, but Kovary refuses, so Mike decides to head into Seattle that night to talk to Al, who is going on MTV's Rock the Vote campaign. However, after hanging out with some Rastafarians, Mike makes a fool of himself onstage (culminating to his yelling "KILL WHITEY!" to a suddenly silent audience) as a shocked Al and Kovary helplessly watch. Because of his stunt, Al decides to have Mike to not bother helping him with the campaign, leaving Mike down. The next day, Steve and Mike sneak into Drake's home (after dodging some hidden land mines) to watch Al's debate on his TV. When Steve goes outside to use the restroom, he is attacked by Drake, but is saved by Mike, who beats the ex-soldier in unarmed combat. Drake is impressed by Mike's fighting skill and befriends both men. Governor Tracy, in hopes of sabotaging Al following their debate, purchases the pictures of Mike at the rec center fire and posts them on the TV news, therefore allowing Tracy to win the election. Mike notices that the voting results are wrong, since the total vote count is 1,882 for Garfield County, when in fact there are only 1,502 registered voters there; furthermore, Mike recognizes the two men who set the recreation center on fire standing next to Tracy. Mike and Steve go to the Garfield County Courthouse, where they obtain the names of the voters in the election. Steve discovers that over half the people who voted for Tracy have been dead for over ten years (including Drake's father and grandfather), proving Tracy had rigged the elections. To get this to the people and Al, Steve and Mike borrow Robbie's squad car to Governor Tracy's victory party the following day. At the party, the duo appears during Tracy's victory speech and the police try to arrest Mike for arson. At the podium, Mike takes a gun from one of the cops and pretends to hold Steve hostage, while Drake shows up in time to prevent a sniper from shooting Mike and controls the crowd by threatening them with an RPG. Mike reveals Tracy's election fraud, overturning the election results and making Al the election winner, while Tracy is ousted for fraud (especially after her long-suffering assistant, Neuschwander (Bruce McGill), drunkenly admits that she made him and her other associates go along with the fraud). Three months later, Steve is Al's new assistant, Mike has his job running the recreation center back, and Al has decreased crime rates in Washington. As Al and Steve get into a jet to go to a meeting, Mike's jacket gets caught in the jet's door, causing him to be trapped outside the plane, while it takes off.
tt0073802
Mystery,Thriller
Joe Turner (Robert Redford) is an employee of the CIA. He's not a secret agent, his job is to read, and he and his co-workers at the American Literary Historical Society read everything; books, comics, magazines, and they scan everything into a database to be cross-checked against real CIA operations. On a rainy December morning it's business as usual, so no one notices the non-descript man sitting in plain sedan across the street from Joe's building, checking off names of every employee as they enter. Inside, Joe looks for an answer to a letter he'd sent to the main CIA office at Langley. He has a theory about connections he's noticed between operations in Venezuela, Saudi Arabia, and other locations around the world, but so far there's no response. Noon approaches, and it's his turn to go out for lunch. Since it's still raining, he ducks out the basement door (which is against regulations) and cuts through several back alleys to the deli. Meanwhile, the sedan out front quietly pulls away after signaling to 3 men (one is a mailman) waiting in the street. They move in with quiet determination and knock on the front door. The mailman stands in view of the camera while the other two wait behind him. At the deli around the block, Joe picks up lunch for the others and then runs back. Since the rain has stopped, he goes to the front door, and buzzes the security intercom to be let in, but gets no answer. Pushing on the door, he finds it is unlocked, which it never is. Inside he finds a scene of carnage. Everyone has been murdered, shot to death in the few minutes he has been gone. Fighting down his shock and horror, he grabs a pistol from the receptionist's desk and flees. Suddenly, everyone on the street looks suspicious, and Joe realizes that whoever killed his coworkers is probably still looking for him. He finds a payphone and calls an emergency contact number at the CIA. "This is...uh...'Condor'" Joe says, fighting through the shock to remember his code name. "The section's been hit. Everyone's dead." Told not to panic, and to call back in two hours, a CIA response team quickly arrives and verifies Joe's story. Higgens (Cliff Robertson), the section chief in New York, wonders why in the world someone would take out a research office like this, and calls his supervisor at CIA headquarters. Joe calls back and is told to stay alive 1 more hour. One of the other workers had called in sick, so Joe goes to his apartment. He finds the co-worker in bed, shot to death, just before two men show up. Joe returns to his apartment building and is about to go in when a neighbor, sweeping the sidewalk, tells him that him that the two friends that he was expecting are waiting for him upstairs. Joe takes off without a word. When Joe calls the CIA back, he's to meet his dept. head in a specified back alley off 72nd street where he'll be picked up and brought in safely. Very skittish over the murder and close calls, Joe hesitates because he's never met his section chief (Wicks) or Director Higgins. They see in Joe's file that a college friend, Sam Barber, is a CIA accountant. Joe agrees to the meet if Sam is there. When Joe enters the alley, only Sam is visible. Suddenly, Wicks darts into view and shots ring out. His own department head is trying to kill him. Joe fires back and wounds Wicks and then runs away in a panic. Wicks is seriously injured, but steadies himself long enough to shoot Sam in the throat. Convinced he can trust no one, in desperation he kidnaps a woman on the street as she gets into her truck. Kathy (Faye Dunaway) is terrified, but drives Turner to her apartment. Terrified himself, he holds the gun on her as he tries to figure out what to do next. Gradually, Kathy begins to realize that Turner is in real trouble and doesn't want to hurt her, but she still doesn't believe his story. When 6pm rolls around, he turns on the evening news only to find that they are calling the incident in the alley an attempted robbery in which only Wicks was shot. There is no mention of Sam. Still unsure of Kathy's loyalty, he ties her up and sneaks over to Sam's apartment in her car. Sam's wife Mae (a former lover from college) has prepared dinner and drinks as if she and Sam were expecting him. When pressed, she reveals that the office (CIA) had called AFTER Sam met Joe in the alley to say he would be running late. Joe realizes that this is a trap and hustles Mae upstairs to the neighbors. Realizing the assassin is hard on his tail, he tries to get out of the building alive, and when he gets on the elevator, Joe finds himself next to a quiet man in a trenchcoat. This is Joubert (Max Von Sydow), a freelance assassin from Europe. (As we will learn, his hobbies include fine wine, classical music, and painting military miniatures from perhaps the Napoleonic Era.) Some inner sense tells Joe that this fellow is part of the problem, and Joe lags behind as Joubert walks out through the lobby. Convincing a group of loitering youth to walk out with him and screen him, he makes it back to Kathy's Bronco as the trenchcoated man waits nearby, holding a sniper rifle, seeking Joe in the crowd. Unable to get a clear shot, Joubert runs after the truck and uses his scope to get the vehicle's license plate number. Joe returns to Kathy's apartment just as her boyfriend is calling. Joe lets Kathy talk to the boyfriend, who is angry, at first, that she's not on her way their rendezvous. Kathy is on-the-edge but manages to hold up her end of the conversation. They hang up. Joe begins to feel guilty and tells her that he'll leave in the morning. They discuss her work (photography) and Joe pieces her life from his observations. Joe says he just wants to "make it all stop" for a few hours - the horror. They connect. They spent the night together. The next morning, Kathy is in the shower when THE Mailman (the guy who rang the bell at the building the day before) knocks at the door. Joe has been traced here via Joubert's writing down of the license plate the night before. The Mailman/hitman has a package for Kathy that must be signed for. Joe doesn't want to open the door but the Mailman has a well-rehearsed reply for every one of Joe's objections. (Joe yells through the window, "She's not home!" Mailman: "That's OK, YOU can sign for it." etc.) Joe opens the door but the Mailman's pen doesn't work (again, a rehearsed device to enable the Mailman to get inside and shut the door). As Joe goes looking for a pen he glances back at the Mailman's shoes. Suddenly, a stunned Joe realizes the Mailman is a hitman. He knows this because of the distinctive style of shoes he wears - one more thing Joe picked up in his voluminous reading. Thinking fast, he hurls hot coffee at the Mailman just as the nasty guy begins firing with a suppressor-equipped machine gun. The machine gun ends up on the floor. Joe's .45 is out of reach. A fight ensues - the Mailman is a martial arts expert with a nasty kick; Joe wields a fireplace poker and knows this man is a trained killer. Kathy emerges from her shower to find them fighting, provides a crucial bit of help to Joe, and retreats. The fight continues. Kathy's photo equipment plays a pivotal role. The fight concludes with Joe retrieving the .45 in the nick of time, firing two shots, and killing the Mailman/hitman. Kathy emerges to find her living room messed up and Joe sitting next to the dead mailman. She, needless to say, is terribly upset. Joe tries to console her. Joe searches the hit man and finds a couple of vital pieces of information including a hotel key (mentioned below). Joe and Kathy must now flee because the bad guys know where he is. Despite his fear, Joe has the beginnings of a plan, and Kathy agrees to help. They visit the NYC office of the CIA and Kathy pretends to apply for a job, then gets "lost" while she looks for Joe's section chief, Higgins. Once spotted, she helps Joe kidnap him while he eats lunch, and Higgins is hustled into the back of Kathy's Bronco. Interrogated by Turner, he confesses that he doesn't know what's going on any more that they do. "This is obviously an inside operation", he says, and it doesn't help that Wicks died, mysteriously, in the hospital. Joe confronts Higgins with the Mailman's ID and that he had a phone number that rang an office in CIA-Langley. Higgins begins to suspect that the lead assassin is Joubert, a former CIA assassin that now does contract work. Back at the office, Higgins does a search and finds information linking Joubert and the Mailman as partners in past CIA hits. Joe manages to put the pieces together by tracking down Joubert, the quiet man in the trenchcoat. Joe found a hotel key on the Mailman and finds Joubert in the same hotel. Tapping into the phone exchange in Joubert's hotel, he monitors the calls, and places an anonymous one himself to Joubert. "Do you believe the Condor is an endangered species?" he asks, and hangs up. Joubert quickly calls his controller, and Joe is able to track the call to a man named Atwood, a high-level supervisor in the CIA. From a telco trunk, he crosswires 50 phones to block a trace and calls to tell Higgins that he's found Joubert and asks who Atwood is. Higgins doesn't answer and Joe hangs up. One of Higgins supervisors is listening close by and tells him "this" needs to be ended, NOW. As he prepares to confront Atwood, Joe thanks Kathy for all her help, and they reluctantly part company. At Atwood's country home, the stereo suddenly comes on in the middle of the night, and when he investigates the noise in his study, Atwood finds Turner sitting quietly in a chair, holding a gun. Forced to confess, Atwood tells Joe that the hit on the section was due to that paper he'd sent to CIA headquarters. Joe demands to know why so many people had to die over some nothing book that suddenly became popular in the Middle East, Netherlands (Dutch), Mexico, Venezu......ohhhhh....OIL! Atwood is involved in a scheme to manipulate the world's oil markets and Turner's paper had hit too close to the truth. He and anyone else who might know about it had to be eliminated. Furious, Joe points the gun at Atwood. "Drop the gun," says a quiet voice; It's Joubert, standing quietly behind him. Realizing his defeat, Joe drops the pistol on the floor and waits for the inevitable, thinking that at least now he knows why all this has happened. Joubert, still holding his gun on Joe, takes a position next to Atwood, and like a cobra strike, turns and shoots Atwood in the right temple! As Joe stutters, Joubert places his gun in Atwood's hand and calmly begins to wipe down the room, asking what he had touched. Joe realizes that Joubert had a new contract to take out Atwood. Joubert confirms, "Atwood had become an embarrassment," and that the contract that Atwood put on Condor has died with him. After leading him outside the house and handing back his pistol. "Can I drop you somewhere?", he asks in a friendly tone. Joe agrees to be taken back to New York. As they leave, Joubert advises that his life will never be the same again and there is no guarantee that "someone" won't decide that he's a liability in the future. He even describes how IT might happen, and offers that Europe is not a bad place to live. Impressed by how he handled the situation, Joubert suggests that he strongly consider a future as an assassin. With a new lease on life, Joe still has a few loose ends to tie up. Returning to New York, Joe waits for Higgins to walk past on the street, and they have a tense final confrontation. Higgins explains that the CIA does business this way because they need to. There is no other way. Turner disagrees, and as they stop in front of a distribution center of the New York Times, Turner tells Higgins that they've become too used to killing people as part of their job. He's told a reporter everything. "Ah, you fool," sighs Higgins. "You've done more harm than you know." As Turner walks away, Higgins calls after him. "It didn't have to end this way Condor. You're about to become a very lonely man." Joe seems not to care. He believes he's had his revenge on the CIA, and he fades away into the crowd as a Salvation Army Band plays Christmas music. But the haunting last words of Higgins linger in the air: "How do you know they'll publish? How do you know???"
tt0111419
Animation,Family,Fantasy
Thumbelina is worried that there is no one her size so her mother tells her a story of fairies. That night the fairy prince comes to her window and hears her singing. They instantly fall in love and go flying and singing together where toads and bugs see them. Prince Cornelius promises to come back the next day after telling his parents about her. That night a toad comes and steals Thumbelina away because she heard her singing and wants her to join the family band "Singers de Espagna." Her toad son loves Thumbelina and wants to marry her. After convincing Thumbelina that she will be a star in show biz the toads leave her on a lily pad to get things ready for a wedding. Thumbelina is angry and calls for help, she doesn't want to marry the toad, she loves Cornelius. Meanwhile, Prince Cornelius goes to her house and finds her gone. The dog tells him that she was stolen by a toad and he leaves vowing to find her. He rushes home and asks his parents to stall the frost, which they can't really do. Thumbelina meets a bird who helps her off the lily pad and promises to find the Prince for her. A beetle hears Thumbelina and gets her to sing at a Beetle Ball where the beetles tell her she is ugly. The bird finds her (without news of the Prince) and reminds her that Prince Cornelius thinks she is beautiful and that she shouldn't give up. The Toad searches for Thumbelina and finds the beetle and steals his wings so the beetle will find the Prince for him so he can set a trap to get Thumbelina, since she will come for the Prince. Cornelius falls into water and gets frozen. The beetle finds him, pulls the block of ice out and brings him to the Toad and tells him where Thumbelina is. Thumbelina is taken in by Ms. Field Mouse who tells her that Prince Cornelius was found dead. Ms. Field Mouse introduces Thumbelina to Mr. Mole. Mr. Mole wants to marry Thumbelina and bribes Ms. Field Mouse to set them up. He also shows them a "dead bird" who happens to be Thumbelina's bird friend who got a thorn in his wing and passed out and fell into Mr. Mole's hole. Thumbelina comes and warms him that night and pulls the thorn out. The bird flies off to find the veil of the fairies before Thumbelina can tell him that Cornelius is dead. Thumbelina goes to marry the Mole. Some young jitterbugs thaw out the Prince. At the altar, amid visions of Prince Cornelius, Thumbelina refuses to marry the mole and runs. The toad arrives and tries to catch her, but she refuses him too. She runs out and heads towards the light outside of the hole. Prince Cornelius shows up after she runs out and duels with the Toad. Above ground the bird finds Thumbelina and flies her to the veil of the fairies. It is frozen and she doesn't believe it's the veil of the fairies. The bird tells her to sing. She sings a little and gives up, then Prince Cornelius starts to sing and then proposes, Thumbelina accepts and sprouts wings. They get married and "live happily ever after."
tt0074851
Drama,Sci-Fi
A humanoid space alien (David Bowie) plummets to planet Earth, landing in a lake in New Mexico. He drinks the water from the lake and thinks about his barren planet, where his wife and two children are dying of thirst. Frequent flashbacks by the alien show of his dying planet. Using the name Thomas Jerome Newton, the alien travels to New York City to speak to lawyer Oliver Farnsworth (Buck Henry). Farnsworth is amazed that Newton has nine basic patents. He will be able to earn $300 million within three years, but Newton tells Farnsworth that he needs more money, not explaining why. He enlists Farnsworth's help to build a great corporation, named World Enterprises. Newton explains that with World Enterprises playing fairly, the corporation would make some other corporation obsolete. Nathan Bryce (Rip Torn), a divorced Chicago chemistry professor, spends his free time seducing his young female students. He becomes fascinated with World Color's self-developing film, which can be purchased very inexpensively (free cameras are thrown in). He wonders who the reclusive owner Newton is and begins making inquiries. Using the alias 'Mr. Sussex', Newton travels to New Mexico. He checks into a local hotel where he meets Mary-Lou (Candy Clark) a maid who helps him when he becomes sick from a fast elevator ride. She becomes his constant companion and lover. She brings him a TV set and influences him to drink alcoholic beverages, partially gin. Eventually, Newton watches many television sets at once having become addicted and begins to drink gin incessantly. Still missing his family, he initiates a space program with all the money he has made in order to return to his home planet and to bring water to help his wife and children. Meanwhile, Farnsworth hires Bryce to come to New Mexico and work on the secret project space program that World Enterprises is funding. Bryce sets up his residence in a small cabin on the other side of the lake from Newton and Mary-Lou. He secretly takes X-rays of Newton and discovers that Newton's form is totally alien. Newton, who can see X-rays, confides in Bryce that he really is an alien. He says he has no intention of causing harm to Earthlings and only wants to help his dying world by sending some of Earth's water back to his planet for it to survive. Over the next year or so, the space project is taking too long. All Newton begins to do to drink and watch television. It is revealed that he has watched American TV for years on his home planet, but never guessed that it revealed nothing about the human condition. As he becomes more human, he feels his life and mission is futile. Newton's relationship with Mary-Lou begins to deteriorate when she demands more attention. He strips off his earthling guise, and she is terrified by his alien form. She can't make love to him anymore, although she continues to admit that she does love him. When Farnsworth bribes Mary-Lou to get away from Newton, she turns him down for she doesn't want money, she only wants "Tommy" as he is. Capitalist companies pressure Farnsworth to sell World Enterprises, but Farnsworth refuses. A little later, Farnsworth and his gay lover Trevor (Rick RIccardo) are killed when corporate hit-men throw them both from the window of Farnsworth's New York apartment. Newton completes the spaceship and attempts to take it on its maiden voyage amid intense press exposure. However, just before his scheduled take-off, he is seized and detained. The US government, which has apparently been told by Bryce that Newton is an alien, holds him captive in a locked luxury apartment, constructed deep within a hotel. During his stay, they keep him sedated with alcohol (to which he has become addicted) and continuously subject him to rigorous medical tests - notably one involving X-rays which causes the contact lenses he wears as part of his human disguise to permanently affix themselves to his eyes. Within that time, World Enterprises goes bankrupt. Bryce begins to work for Peters (Bernie Casey) the government agent who masterminded Newton's kidnapping. Toward the end of his years of captivity, he is visited again by Mary-Lou, who is now much older and whose looks have been ravaged by alcohol and time. They have mock-violent, playful sex that involves firing a gun with blanks, and afterwards occupy their time drinking and playing table tennis. Mary-Lou declares that she no longer loves him, while he says that he doesn't love her either. She leaves him. Eventually Newton discovers that his "prison," now derelict, is unlocked, and he leaves. Unable to return home to his planet, a broken and alcoholic Newton creates an album recording with alien messages, titled 'The Visitor', which he hopes will be broadcast via radio to his home planet (which his wife and the entire population may have already died from thirst). Bryce, who has since married Mary-Lou, buys a copy of the album and meets Newton at an outside restaurant in town. Newton is still rich and young looking despite the passage of many years. However, Newton has also fallen into depression and alcoholism and the film ends with an inebriated Newton passing out in his cafe chair.
tt0089114
Adventure,Comedy,Family
Ben Crandall (Ethan Hawke) is a young teenage boy living in the suburbs of Washington, D.C., who experience vivid dreams about flying through clouds and over a vast, city-like circuit board, usually after falling asleep watching 1950s sci-fi movies (The War of the Worlds (1953) is a favorite). Every night, upon waking from the dream, he draws the circuit board. Ben shows the sketches to his friend, child prodigy Wolfgang Muller (River Phoenix). At school, Ben develops a crush on Lori Swenson (Amanda Peterson), but he isn't sure whether it's mutual. Both boys meet punkish-but-likable Darren Woods (Jason Presson), with whom they share their circuit-board concepts. Wolfgang builds an actual microchip based on Ben's drawings. The chip enables the generation of an electromagnetic bubble which surrounds a pre-determined area. As the boys discover, the bubble is capable of moving at near-limitless distances and speeds without the usual effect from inertia. They construct a rudimentary spacecraft out of an abandoned Tilt-A-Whirl car; they named their ship the Thunder Road, after Bruce Springsteen's song of the same title. Their experiments with the Thunder Road draw attention from the United States government, which sends agents to scout the area for UFOs. After Ben receives more dreams about the circuit board, Wolfgang discovers a means of producing unlimited sustainable oxygen; this means longer flights, whereas previously they were limited to whatever a typical oxygen tank could hold. They finalize their plan to explore the galaxy in search of alien life. The boys complete liftoff, despite interference from the authorities (one of whom silently wishes them well). Shortly after breaking Earth's orbit, something overrides the boys' personal computer-controls. The Thunder Road is tractor-beamed a much larger spaceship. They boys venture out to meet their captors, Wak and Neek; two green-skinned aliens whose knowledge of Earth comes almost entirely from junk culture, particularly television reruns. The young explorers develop a relationship with their extraterrestrial hosts, but the alien spaceship is intercepted by a larger-still alien vessel. Feigning an attack by space pirates, Wak urges the boys to leave. They are in the process of doing so when they are interrupted by a gigantic brown extraterrestrial, this one bearing a close resemblance to the other two, who gestures furiously while grinding out barely-comprehensible alien language. As this turns out, Wak and Neek are brother and sister; they have taken their father's ship out for a joy ride, sending the dreams to the boys in the hopes of meeting humans. Transmissions of old black-and-white movies have kept extraterrestrial populace at a distance -- except for the curious Wak and Neek -- due to the way humans generally depict violence toward alien life. Wak and Neek's father allows the Thunder Road and its crew to depart, after Wak and Neek give the boys a parting gift: an amulet which, according to the extraterrestrials, is the stuff that dreams are made of. The boys succeed reaching safely back to Earth, but a malfunction results in them crashing the Thunder Road into their neighborhood lake. Now they are back to square one... or so they think. A week later, Ben has a dream at school in which he envisions another vast circuit board while flying though more clouds overhead. This time -- thanks to Wak and Neek's amulet -- Ben is joined in the dream by Wolfgang, Darren and Lori. They proclaimed that the circuitry is really complicated, and wonder where this one will take them once they have constructed this. Lori smiles at Ben while holding his hand.
tt0080057
Horror
A man fires a bullet into the head of a body wrapped in a sheet. He says to an off screen person, "The boat can leave now. Tell the crew." Several days later, an apparently abandoned sailboat sails into New York harbor. Two officers of the harbor patrol board the boat to investigate and find the living quarters in squalor and disarray. They are suddenly attacked by a rotting, bloated zombie (Captain Haggerty) which bursts from the hold, gorily killing one officer by biting his throat out, before being shot and propelled overboard by the second officer. A local reporter named Peter West (Ian McCulloch) is assigned by his hard-nosed editor (director Lucio Fulci) to the case. That evening he meets up with (Tisa Farrow) the daughter of the boat's missing owner. Anne has informed the police that she has not seen her father for the past three months since he traveled to the Antilles. Meanwhile at the morgue, the pathologist and his assistant are preparing to perform an autopsy on the dead police officer, when unknown to them, the dead body begins stirring... The next morning, Peter and Anne fly to the Dominican Republic and meet an American tourist couple named Brian Hull (Al Cliver) and Susan Barrett (Auretta Gay) who are about to embark on a sailing tour of the Caribbean. Peter and Anne ask them to help them get to the island of Matul, where Anne's father was last heard from. Despite Brian's claim about warnings from the superstitious locals about Matul, the four of them agree to set off together for the island. On Matul, tensions between (Richard Johnson) and his contemptuous, highly strung-out wife Paola (Olga Karlatos) are running high. She wants to leave island, terrified about reports of zombie attacks. He insists on staying to conduct research into the phenomenon, despite the fact that his medical mission is falling apart. Leaving her alone to drink her fears away at their isolated beach house, Menard drives in his jeep to his hospital, which is a ramshackle converted church buzzing with flies. Menard's superstitious Haitian assistant Lucas (Dakar) insists that they leave, for all of the villagers of the nearby town are fleeing in fear of the rising of the dead. Menard scoffs at all this. At sea, Susan goes on a scuba dive where she gets attacked, first by a shark, then by a strange aquatic zombie. Susan gets away, leaving the zombie to fight against the shark. That evening, Paola Menard is alone in the house where she takes a shower to cool off in the hot and humid weather, when she hears a noise. Investigating, she is attacked by a marauding cadaver (unseen except for a rotting, outstretched hand). As she struggles to barricade herself into her bedroom, the zombie smashes its arm through the door and grabs her by her hair. Her head is slowly pulled onto the shattered doorframe, and she dies a horrible death as her right eye is impaled on a spike of slatted wood as she's pulled out the door. The next morning, Anne, Peter, Brian, and Susan arrive off the coast of Matul where they find out that their boat has been damaged by the shark attack. They anchor in a bay off the island and send up distress flares. Menard answers their distress call as Luca and Menard's personal nurse (Stefania D'Amario) bury more dead bodies, victims of a mysterious virus that's killing the islands residents and resurrecting them as zombies. The survivors are forced to shoot each corpse in the head to prevent them from reviving before burying them. On the drive back to the hospital, Menard tells his four visitors that Anne's father (Ugo Bologna) died three months earlier from the strange disease plaguing the island. Menard also tells the disbelieving visitors that the zombie epidemic, so far on the other side of the island, is blamed by the locals on the voodoo curses of a evil witch doctor. When they arrive at the hospital, Menard's nurse informs him that a friend has been taken ill. Menard then asks Peter, Anne, Brian, and Susan to drive over his house and check on the safety of his wife. Menard looks at his friend, Fritz, who claims he was bitten by a zombie in the village. Menard orders Lucas to lock all the doors and windows, now aware that the zombies are approaching this end of the island. Meanwhile, Peter, Anne, Brian, and Susan arrive without incident at the Menard cottage and upon entering they make a horrific discovery. The dead body of Mrs. Menard is sprawled out outside the bedroom door, half-eaten, surrounded by a small group of zombies who are gorging on her remains. Revolted, they fight their way past a group of slow-moving, staggering zombies and drive back to the hospital. But on the road, a zombie wonders into their path, and the jeep is damaged as they swerve into the dense tropical undergrowth. Peter's left ankle is broken upon the impact, but the group decide they must make it back to the hospital. A little later, the group stops for a rest in a small jungle clearing which they see is an old cemetery for the Spanish Conquistadors. As Peter and Anne lie down on the ground for a rest, the buried Conquistadors emerge from the soil. One of them grabs Anne by her hair while another grabs Peter by his broken ankle. The two of them break free, but Susan is not so lucky. Frozen in terror by the sight of a large, worm-faced cadaver (Ottaviano Dell'Acqua), she dies as it bites her throat out before it's dispatched by Peter and Brian, who bash the creature's head in. The three survivors are now obliged to make the journey back to the hospital as the living dead erupt from their tombs all over the island, as well as stalk the deserted shanty village nearby. At nightfall, Anne, Peter, and Brian finally arrive back at the hospital. Dr. Menard tends to Peter's broken ankle, while Brian helps Lucas and the nurse barricade the doors and windows. Menard is informed to his wife's fate, but does not comment on it. Instead, he raves about his failed efforts to find a scientific explanation for the walking dead and their instinct to feed on human flesh. Suddenly, a large group of the tottering, implacable creatures try to batter down the boarded up front door. Menard and the group begin to construct barricades as well as make Molotov cocktails from the kerosene tanks. However, the hospital's sick patients are dying and coming back as zombies, making the hospital under attack from inside and out. Menard is the first to go when he gets his face ripped off by the zombie Fritz, before it's killed by Brian with a gunshot to the head, the only way of killing the reanimated zombies. Lucas is next when he gets part of his arm bitten off by another zombie. The nurse is then killed by the zombie Lucas, who then attacks Anne but gets shot dead by Peter. The mob of zombies finally breaks down the front door, and a climactic battle between the three survivors and the foul creatures begins, with fire apparently the only effective weapon against the slow moving, walking stiffs. With the hospital now on fire from the exploding Molotov cocktails, Anne, Peter, and Brian are forced to flee from the burning building out the back door. But outside, Brian comes face to face with the walking corpse of the resurrected Susan. He succumbs to emotion and gets badly bitten on his arm as a result. The zombie Susan is immediately shot and killed by Peter, and the trio run for the beach with some zombies not far behind. As dawn breaks, the gerry-rigged boat limps back out to sea. Brian sinks into unconsciousness, terminally sick from the zombie bite, and soon dies. Peter and Anne lock the dead Brian up in the boat's cabin, for Peter wants the dead Brian as proof to the authorities that the whole experience happened. Turning on the radio, Peter and Anne listen in disbelief as a radio announcer explains about a zombie epidemic gripping New York City apparently brought on the by zombie from the opening scene. Down in the cabin, Brian's re-animated corpse frantically tries to get out of the hold it is locked up in. In New York City, a long line of freshly dead zombies are seen, slowly marching across the Brooklyn Bridge into Manhattan.
tt0105112
Action,Thriller
Jack Ryan (Ford) is on a "working vacation" in London with his family. He has retired from the CIA and is a Professor at the US Naval Academy. Jack gives a lecture at the Royal Naval Academy and then walks out to meet up with his wife Cathy and daughter Sally. Meanwhile, Cathy and Sally are sightseeing near Buckingham Palace. The two come upon a British Royal Guard, and Sally tries to get the guard to react by doing an improvised tap dance in front of him. She's impressed when the guard, trained to ignore distraction, has no reaction to her antics. As Sally and Cathy walk away from the guard, en route to rendezvous with Jack, they walk by a stolen cab, in which sit three Ulster Liberation Army (ULA) terrorists: Kevin O'Donnell, the driver, as well as Sean Miller (Sean Bean) and his younger brother Patrick. The three are loading their guns as they prepare to carry out a scheduled ambush on Lord William Holmes, British Secretary of State for Northern Ireland and a member of the British Royal Family (the cousin of the Queen Mother). As they finish loading their weapons, another terrorist, Annette, radios to them that Lord Holmes is leaving the palace with his wife and son. As Lord Holmes's car leaves the palace, the terrorists' car falls in line behind him. They follow the car, headed for the ambush point. As they drive, O'Donnell and the Miller brothers don ski masks. Meanwhile, Ryan is about to cross the street to meet with his wife and daughter. He arrives at the same time that Lord Holmes's car is passing through the area. Suddenly, another cab, parked on the side of the road, driven by Annette, pulls out and swerves in front of Lord Holmes's vehicle. Simultaneously, O'Donnell's vehicle swerves to a stop behind the car. The Millers and another accomplice jump out and quickly plant a bomb underneath the chauffeured car's engine. Ryan sees what's going on and hastily gets his family to cover just as the bomb is detonated. Moments later, Sean and another accomplice begin shooting into the car, riddling Lord Holmes's driver and bodyguard with bullets. The onslaught does not kill Lord Holmes, who is currently using his body to shield his family. Sean marches over to the rear door and orders Lord Holmes out of the car at gunpoint. Ryan, unable to stand being just a bystander, immediately breaks cover, runs up behind Miller, and disarms him. As Ryan grabs Sean's pistol, he is shot in the left shoulder by another terrorist. Ryan returns fire, hitting one of the other terrorists in the shoulder. Patrick attempts to flee, but Ryan fatally shoots him in the chest. Seeing two of the royal guards racing towards the scene, the remaining terrorists quickly get back in their cars and drive off, leaving Sean to be captured when the authorities arrive. They retreat back to a warehouse, where they change out license plates. Ryan wakes up in a hospital, recovering from the wound to his shoulder. He's visited by a representative from the US consulate and officers of the London police and questioned about his heroics. He's told about both Kevin O'Donnell, the leader of a violent ULA splinter group and Sean and Patrick Ryan, who were both orphaned at a young age and came under O'Donnell's care and tutelage. Sean is an especially dangerous and violent sociopath who shares O'Donnell's radical views about British rule of Northern Ireland. Ryan is called to testify against Miller as a witness. Though the defense attorney questions Ryan's involvement in the incident, citing that he's not a field agent with the CIA or any other organization that would operate in his manner, Ryan holds his own. Miller has an outburst as Ryan is led out of the court chamber and vows revenge. Subsequently, Miller is convicted on all charges and sentenced to life in prison. Ryan is awarded the order of Knight Commander of the Victorian Order, and eventually returns to the United States. When they arrive, Cathy tells him she's been having morning sickness and that's she's pregnant. On the possibility that Miller's ULA comrades might try to liberate him, the authorities take no chances. To that extent, they set up decoy convoys on the day that Miller is to be transferred to Albany Prison on the Isle of Wight. However, O'Donnell's associate, Annette, is able to get information about the convoy that carries Miller from a man named Dennis Cooley, a rare books dealer and mole. Miller's motorcade is in transit with the officer in charge of Miller's arrest and incarceration, Robert Highland, when it comes to a stop at a drawbridge. The raised bridge, however, is a trap meant to block them in. Moments after the convoy comes to a stop, Miller's comrades attack, using rocket launchers to blow up the cars at the front and rear of the convoy. They then march up to the prison van and order the guards out at gunpoint by taking the bridge operator hostage and threatening to shoot him. One of the guards hesitates and is shot fatally. The other officer and Highland are pulled out by O'Donnell, thrown on the ground and forced to lie on their stomachs. O'Donnell accuses Highland, who is Irish, of turning against his own country and people. O'Donnell then hands Miller a pistol, with which he coldly executes both officers and the bridge operator by shooting them in the backs of their heads. They then depart the scene. Miller and his companions flee on a tramp steamer from Britain to Libya, to prepare for their next kidnapping attempt on Lord Holmes. Miller however, cannot shake his anger towards Ryan for killing his younger brother and persuades several members of his entourage to accompany him to the United States on a short mission targeting Ryan and his family. Miller travels to the United States, accompanied by Annette, comrade Ned Clark, and a fourth henchman. Annette and Clark travel to the United States Naval Academy to ambush Ryan as he's leaving work. Ryan notices Clark idling nearby. Clark casually walks away, but Ryan clearly unnerved, then gets even more nervous as he hears a car engine starting. His suspicions are well warranted-as he continues walking down the street, he looks in the reflection of a parked van's rearview door and sees that Clark, and the stolen car driven by Annette, are following him. Ryan pretends not to see them until he's walking past a parked panel truck, at which point he ducks behind the truck. Clark draws a silenced pistol and prepares to corner Ryan, but Ryan attacks him first. The two fight hand-to-hand and Clark quickly gets the upper hand, throwing Ryan to the curb. He grabs his pistol and is about to shoot Ryan when he's shot dead himself by a US Marine sentry. Annette quickly drives away in her Jeep. Ryan, realizing that Miller is going after Cathy and Sally, jumps into his car and drives off. Simultaneously, Miller and the other henchman follow Cathy as she picks up Sally from school, with Miller riding shotgun. They prepare to follow the two, but are temporarily held up by a crossing guard. Once the crossing guard clears, they pursue her to US Highway 50. Ryan tries to frantically call Cathy on his car phone, but she is busy answering phone calls from the hospital. As he's trying to connect with her, Miller and his henchman recklessly weave in and out of traffic to catch up with Cathy. Ryan eventually gets through to Cathy and tells her to get off the highway and find the nearest police station. Unfortunately, just as the call ends, Miller's van comes charging up on her using the left shoulder. Miller moves to the backseat of the van, grabs a submachine gun, and slides open the door. Another car momentarily delays him, but once he has a clear aim, Miller opens fire, spraying Cathy's car with bullets. A multicar pileup ensues as Cathy loses control of her car and crashes head-on into a concrete barrier. Ryan, who has found himself stuck in traffic headed in the other direction, sees the smoke from the crash and realizes the worst. Cathy and Sally are airlifted to a nearby hospital for treatment. Cathy will recover quickly and her pregnancy is unaffected. Sally, however, is in very bad shape and her chances are 50/50. Ryan eventually finds out a few hours later that Sally will recover but it will take time. Late one night Ryan receives a phone call from Miller himself. Miller taunts Ryan, suggesting that Jack can't protect his family and he'll never find Miller. Enraged, Ryan decides to go back to work for the CIA, having earlier rejected the appeal of his former superior, Vice Admiral James Greer (James Earl Jones). His old contact, Marty Cantor, teams him up with a small group that specializes in the ULA and other Irish terrorist groups. Ryan's tireless work leads him to conclude that Miller has taken refuge in a training camp, one of many located in Libya. He also determines that a recent new arrival at the camp may Dennis Cooley, who'd escaped the London police when he discovered they were using surveillance devices in his book shop. Ryan, through an IRA spokesman, Paddy O'Neil (Richard Harris), also determines that the woman with long red hair that he saw in London and in near the Annapolis Naval Academy, is the same woman who works for O'Donnell and is in one of the Libyan camps. Ryan makes his recommendations to his superiors at the CIA. Greer invites Jack to a live feed of an SAS strike team attack on the camp. Everyone in the camp is eliminated but unbeknownst to the CIA and Ryan, Miller and his companions have already fled the camp and are on their way to the US to stage their next attack on Lord Holmes. Lord Holmes decides to visit Ryan at his home to formally present his KCVO. With the aid of Lord Holmes' traitorous assistant, Miller's group tracks Holmes to this location, kills the Diplomatic Security Service agents and Maryland state troopers guarding the house, and attempts once more to kidnap Lord Holmes. Ryan leads Holmes and his family to safety while he attempts to lure Miller and his companions away from his home by stealing one of the boats they'd arrived in at the cliffs near the Ryans home. A furious boat chase in a heavy storm on Chesapeake Bay ensues, with Miller, Annette and O'Donnell in pursuit. The FBI Hostage Rescue Teams are scrambled to pick up Holmes. Upon realising that Ryan is trying to lead them away from Holmes, Miller's companions try to persuade Miller to turn around, but an enraged and deranged Miller kills his terrorist companions and continues his pursuit of Ryan. Ryan and Miller fight hand to hand; Miller is killed when Ryan impales him backward on a boat anchor, and his body is obliterated in the subsequent explosion of the craft when it hits a rocky reef. Credits roll just after Caroline Ryan learns the gender of the child she is going to have, and before she tells Jack and Sally.
tt0104573
Action,Crime,Drama
Bishop (Tupac Shakur), Q (Omar Epps), Raheem (Khalil Kain), and Steel (Jermaine 'Huggy' Hopkins) are four teenage African-American friends growing up together in Harlem. They regularly skip school, instead spending their days hanging out at Steel's apartment, at a neighborhood arcade, and also a record store where they steal LPs for Q's DJ interests. Generally, they are harassed daily by the police or a Puerto Rican street gang led by Radames (Vincent Laresca). Fed up with all of the torment he and his friends have endured, Bishop decides that the group must go on to do bigger things in order to win respect. However, Q is unsure if he wants to become involved in a life of crime. One Saturday night, under Bishop's persistence, the friends decide to rob a local convenience store to teach the owner, Fernando Quiles, a lesson. At first Q hesitates to go through with the robbery, unsure whether it will be successful. He also fears it will affect his chances of participating in a DJ competition in which he has yearned to compete for years. After being pressured by his fellow crew members, he decides to join in. Q manages to sneak out of the nightclub where he is working as the DJ to join his friends. During the heist, Bishop accidentally shoots the owner in the head, killing him. After fleeing the scene, the four young men gather in an abandoned building where they argue over the evening's events. Q, Raheem and Steel become angry at Bishop for killing Mr. Quiles, and Raheem demands that Bishop give the gun to him. Bishop resists, and a struggle ensues between the two, and Bishop shoots Raheem dead. Panicking, Bishop, Q and Steel flee to another abandoned building, where Bishop threatens to kill Q and Steel if they reveal to anybody that he murdered Raheem. Over the next few days, Q and Steel realize that Bishop is beginning to break down and is becoming addicted to the thrill of killing. They agree to give Bishop as wide a berth as possible. However, while attending Raheem's funeral, the two are surprised to see Bishop there. Bishop goes as far as to hug Raheem's mother and promise to find his killer. Q and Steel are mostly generally able to avoid Bishop, but he finds them and confronts them one at a time, questioning their loyalty. After a scuffle, Bishop kills Radames. In order to cover his tracks, he begins planning to frame Q for the murders of Quiles, Raheem and Radames. Fearful of Bishop, Q resorts to buying a gun for his own protection. Meanwhile, Bishop confronts Steel in an alley, accusing him of disloyalty, and shoots him. However, Steel survives the attack and is rushed to the hospital, where he informs Q's girlfriend Yolanda (Cindy Herron) that he has been framed by Bishop. Fed up with both the tension and troubles brought upon him, Q throws his gun into the East River and decides to confront Bishop unarmed. Q and Bishop meet up, where a scuffle and chase ensues. Q is shot once in the arm during the chase, and he is subsequently chased into a building where a rap party is being held. Bishop begins firing into a group of party-goers in an attempt to hit Q, but Q escapes unharmed. Q disarms Bishop while he's distracted, and Bishop leaves the scene with Q following him. Q eventually finds Bishop on the roof of a high-rise building, and the two become engaged in a physical confrontation. Bishop eventually falls off the ledge, but is caught by Q. Bishop begs Q not to let go, but Q eventually loses his grip, and Bishop falls to his death. As Q is leaving the rooftop, a crowd from the party gathers to see what happened. One of the people in the crowd turns to Q and says, "Yo, you got the juice now, man." Q turns to look at him, shakes his head in disgust, and walks away. The film ends with a flashback clip of the four friends together in happier times as Bishop yells, "Wrecking Crew!"
tt0102975
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
The story opens with an immense explosion somewhere in space. Huge shock waves radiate out from the blast site. On board the USS Excelsior, Captain Hikaru Sulu (George Takei) makes an official entry in his log, noting that his mission of cataloging gaseous anomalies in Beta Quadrant is over and they are returning to Earth. The ship is suddenly struck by one of the shock waves from the explosion. Sulu orders his crew to restore control to the ship, which is done quickly. Looking over their scanning equipment, the crew determines that the shock wave originated at the location of the Klingon moon Praxis and that much of the moon is gone. Sulu remarks that Praxis is the primary source of energy for the Klingon Empire, and orders a message be sent stating he and his crew will assist if necessary. They receive an emergency transmission from Praxis showing a Klingon worker consumed in flames. A second message comes from Brigadier Kerla (Paul Rossilli) that acknowledges the explosion (he calls this an incident) and that they do not require assistance from the Federation. He also commands them to remain outside the Neutral Zone. When one of the crew asks if they should report the incident, Sulu replies "Are you kidding?" On Earth two months later, Captain James T. Kirk (William Shatner), Dr. Leonard McCoy (DeForest Kelley) and Montgomery Scott (James Doohan) attend a top-level meeting at Starfleet Headquarters. They are informed that the Klingon Empire has roughly 50 years of life remaining. Charge of the meeting is turned over to the Federation's special envoy, Captain Spock (Leonard Nimoy). He informs the committee that the explosion of Praxis two months earlier has caused an environmental catastrophe on the Klingon homeworld Qo'noS (Kronos). Pollution of the planet's ozone layer has left Klingon civilization with only 50 Earth years of oxygen. Due to their enormous military budget, the Klingon Empire is unable to reverse the devastation and has turned to the Federation for assistance. However, as Spock notes, assistance cannot begin until a treaty has been negotiated with the United Federation of Planets to cease all hostilities between the two. Acting as the Federation's envoy, Spock had been speaking directly with Chancellor Gorkon (David Warner) of the Klingon Empire to open treaty proposals. The committee is stunned by the news and debates whether Starfleet will be dissolved. Science and exploration will continue, however, military efforts will see a significant reduction. Admiral Cartwright protests, saying that the Klingons will become the alien trash of the galaxy and that an opportunity exists to bring them to their knees. Spock counters, saying that a peaceful solution is more prudent. In the midst of the debate, it is announced that Kirk will be sent on the Enterprise to the outskirts of Klingon space to escort Chancellor Gorkon's cruiser to Earth for negotiations. Kirk is wholly reluctant, despite Spock's endorsement of him, saying an experienced ambassador should be sent, however, the council leadership ignores him and closes the meeting. After everyone has left the meeting, Kirk confronts Spock, demanding to know why Spock chose him to escort the Chancellor. Kirk has a high distrust of Klingons, who were responsible for the brutal murder of his son, David Marcus. Spock believes that Kirk, though an unlikely candidate for the mission, should still go, saying "Only Nixon could go to China." Kirk also mentions that the Enterprise's crew was due to stand down (retire) in three months. Kirk gathers his crew and the Enterprise leaves Earth. New to the Enterprise is Lt. Valeris (Kim Cattrall), a Vulcan female officer, who is the first of her race to graduate at the top of her class, having been mentored and sponsored by Spock himself. As the ship races towards the rendezvous point with Gorkon, she and Spock share a ceremonial drink in his quarters and discuss the turning point of Federation relations with the Klingon Empire and their implications. Spock informs her that logic does apply to the events at hand but there must also be some acceptance of faith that the new era will bring peace. The Enterprise and Gorkon's cruiser, Kronos One, arrive at the meeting point. Kirk hails the Chancellor and invites him and his officers to dinner on the Enterprise that night. Lt. Valeris mentions to Kirk the availability of an on-board supply of Romulan ale, which she suggests might make the evening pass more smoothly. Kirk replies, "Officer thinking, Lieutenant." The Klingons are beamed aboard; the Chancellor has brought his daughter, Azetbur (Rosanna DeSoto), his chief of staff, General Chang (Christopher Plummer) and Kerla. Though both sides are initially pleasant toward each other, and a few toasts to the peace accords and Gorkon himself are made over Romulan ale, the underlying hostility of both sides still permeates the conversation. The Klingons themselves seem particularly fond of Shakespeare; their philosophical arguments about the peace accords are laced with Shakespearean thought. At one point, Chang announces that his people need breathing room, whereupon Kirk mentions that the same thought was expressed by Adolf Hitler in 1938. Azetbur speaks of the Federation being a homo sapiens only club, despite Spock's presence. Gorkon concludes that there is still much work to do. As the Klingons prepare to beam back to their ship, Gorkon informs Kirk he understands his mistrust for Klingons. They leave and the Enterprise crew (literally) breathes a sigh of relief. Chekov (Walter Koenig) mentions that their visitors had terrible table manners and Kirk says their own behavior, as humans, was fairly unacceptable as well. Resting in his quarters (and making a log note that Romulan ale is now banned from all diplomatic functions aboard the ship), Kirk receives a call from Spock to report to the bridge. Hung over, Kirk meets with Spock, who informs him a huge, unexplained neutron radiation surge has been detected on a scanner. As Kirk and Spock try to find its origin, Kronos One is suddenly hit by a torpedo blast which appears to come from the Enterprise. The Klingon cruiser is hit again and begins to tumble helplessly, losing thruster power and their artificial gravity. On board Kronos One, two figures, wearing Starfleet space suits and magnetic gravity boots, beam aboard and begin to fire upon the Klingon crew with phasers. Several are killed, one is wounded, losing an arm. The assassins move through the ship, finding the Chancellor's chambers. The two Klingons with him are immediately killed, and Gorkon is shot through the chest. The assassins walk back to the transporter pads and beam out, trailing some Klingon blood with them. Chang hails Kirk and immediately accuses him of the attack on the cruiser. Kronos One moves into an attack position and activates its primary cannon, preparing to fire on the Enterprise. Knowing that the attack would be deadly and spark an interstellar war, Kirk surrenders immediately. He offers to come aboard Kronos One and McCoy volunteers to go as well for medical assistance. As Kirk leaves the bridge, Spock surreptitiously touches his shoulder, placing a small object on his uniform. Kirk and McCoy beam to Kronos One and are escorted by Kerla to the Chancellor, who lies bleeding and dying on the deck. Chang informs them about the assassination and accuses them of lying when Kirk claims innocence. McCoy demands to treat Gorkon and does, however, his unfamiliarity with Klingon internal anatomy prevents him from doing more than reviving Gorkon for a few moments. Gorkon gestures for Kirk to approach him and, putting his hand on the back of Kirk's neck says "Don't let it end this way." He dies. Chang immediately places Kirk and McCoy under arrest for the murder under the Federation's articles of interstellar law. On board the Enterprise, Uhura (Nichelle Nichols) reports the arrest. Spock assumes command of the ship and orders a general standing down, knowing they cannot attack Kronos One to rescue Kirk and McCoy. Uhura also receives a message from Starfleet to return to Earth immediately, however wishing to investigate the attack on Kronos One and Gorkon further, Spock discreetly orders Uhura to report that the ship is experiencing multiple malfunctions and cannot return until they are repaired. On Earth, the Federation President meets with several other council members about the incident. Among them is the Klingon ambassador, who defends his government's arrest of Kirk. The Klingon ambassador also cites Federation interstellar law, as Chang did. Vulcan and Romulan ambassadors Sarek (Mark Lenard) and Nanclus (Darryl Henriques) agree, as does the president, who does not want to provoke the already delicate relations with the Klingon Empire. A daring rescue plan, proposed by Colonel West (Rene Auberjonois), is dismissed by the president as well. In Gorkon's place, Azetbur is appointed chancellor and speaks directly to the president, saying Kirk and McCoy will stand trial on Qo'noS. She also affirms her reluctance to attend the peace accords, but agrees, saying that the location must be kept secret and that any attempt to rescue Kirk and McCoy will be an act of war. The trial begins; the prosecuting attorney is Chang himself, while Kirk and McCoy are defended by Colonel Worf (Michael Dorn). Chang delivers the charges, that Kronos One was fired upon, the assassins came from the Enterprise and that Kirk ordered the attack. Though Worf successfully dismisses the final charge, Chang is still able to lay the conduct of the two assassins on Kirk, saying, as captain, he is responsible for the conduct of the crew under his command, one that Kirk does not deny. When McCoy is questioned about his attempt to revive Gorkon, Chang verbally attacks him, challenging his medical expertise based on McCoy's age. He also cites the fact that McCoy, along with all the other dinner guests, consumed Romulan ale that may have affected his ability to help the Chancellor. The most damning evidence that influences the trial is Kirk's own words, possibly stolen from his personal log, where he stated "I've never trusted Klingons, and I never will. I can't forgive them for the death of my boy." The jury and court are swayed and Kirk and McCoy are found guilty. Though the Klingons want the death penalty for Kirk, in the interest of continuing peaceful negotiations with the Federation, the judge sentences the two to life imprisonment on the Klingon penal colony, Rura Penthe ("The Aliens' Graveyard"), a remote and frozen asteroid deep in Klingon space, where they will mine dilithium for the rest of their lives along with thousands of other Klingon prisoners. On the Enterprise, at Spock's request, the bridge crew watches a video of the torpedo hits to Kronos One. They determine that, though the memory banks of the Enterprise show two torpedoes had been fired and that all the torpedoes they were carrying before the attack have been visually accounted for, the shots must have come from another ship. The only ship capable of remaining undetected would be one with a cloaking device, a Bird-of-Prey, which cannot fire while cloaked. Spock ascertains, through the logical statement "once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth" that the Bird-of-Prey that fired on Kronos One can fire while cloaked. After further deduction, the crew knows what they must search for: the two pairs of magnetic gravity boats worn by the assassins. The crew begins to search every corner of the ship; as they do, they are continually contacted by Starfleet and ordered to return to Earth. Spock orders Scotty to report that the Enterprise is experiencing a warp drive malfunction. When Scotty begins to protest, Spock slyly but firmly informs them they need more time to search the ship. Scotty heartily says it could take weeks to repair. Chekov later finds dried Klingon blood on the transporter pads and Spock says they will also search uniforms. A pair of gravity boots are found in the locker of Crewman Dax, however his feet are largely different from human feet and could not possibly fit the boots. Meanwhile, Kirk and McCoy arrive on Rura Penthe. They are informed by the facility's cantankerous Klingon warden that nothing can survive on the surface due to extremely cold temperatures, and a prisoner is cruelly thrown outside to prove the warden's point, freezing in mere minutes. A magnetic field above the asteroid prevents any unauthorized beaming to a ship. In the depths of the mine, Kirk is threatened by a large alien who demands his coat. Another prisoner, Martia (Iman), appears and orders the thug to back off. Kirk later finds himself in a fight with another huge alien who is easily winning the battle. Kirk kicks the thug in the knees and he falls down defeated. When he remarks he was lucky, Martia informs him that he kicked the creature in the genitals. Later, after they go to bed, McCoy relates their plight to the no-win scenario of the Kobayashi Maru test. Kirk theorizes that the incidents that led them to their imprisonment may have something to do with others who fear the peace accords with the Klingons if the Neutral Zone between the Klingon Empire and Starfleet was weakened or dissolved. Suddenly, Martia appears and offers Kirk the chance to escape from the planet. The next morning, they go to a meeting place arranged by Martia, but do not see her. However, she is there, in the disguise of a large, hairy and ape-like alien. She later changes to the form of a young human girl, allowing her to slip out of her shackles. She takes Kirk and McCoy through a hidden tunnel that leads to the frozen surface of the planet and gives them warm winter clothing. They begin a lengthy march that will put them beyond the magnetic field covering the prison. Back on the Enterprise, the signal from the device that Spock secretly placed on Kirk, a viridium patch, appears on a scanner and they set a course for Rura Penthe. In order to evade Klingon security outposts, and unable to use a universal translating device, Uhura must speak in Klingon. She is able to deceive a sleepy guard at a security outpost and the Enterprise continues to Rura Penthe. Martia provides a flare for building a fire. Kirk says he recognizes her as a chameloid, a shape-shifting species that were supposed to be mythical. Kirk also hits her, knowing she plays to turn them over to the warden, who will execute them both for attempted escape and give Martia a full pardon. Martia changes into a likeness of Kirk himself and the two fight. The warden and several guards appear. After a few moments of confusion about the identity of the real Kirk, insulted by the real Kirk, the warden vaporizes Martia with a blaster and is about to inform Kirk who is behind the plot to kill him when he and McCoy are suddenly beamed to the Enterprise. The ship streaks away from Klingon space. Spock brings them both up to date on his theory. As they make their way to the bridge, they find two crew members' bodies lying in a passageway, both killed by stun shots at close range. Scotty runs up, having found the missing uniforms with Klingon blood, which belong to the two dead crewmen. Kirk and Spock have a quiet discussion and arrange a trap for the crew members' killer. A ship-wide announcement is broadcast, saying statements will be taken from the dead crewmen in sickbay. Their killer goes there and finds Kirk and Spock posing as the corpses. They discover that the killer is Valeris and Spock is visibly furious. On the bridge, Kirk and Spock interrogate Valeris and discover she is part of a conspiracy to sabotage the peace accords and had stood outside Kirk's quarters, recording the log entry used as evidence at his trial. She refuses to reveal the names of her cohorts; Spock performs a very intensive mind-meld and finds out that Admiral Cartwright, General Chang and Romulan Ambassador Nanclus and are also part of the conspiracy. However, she does not know where the peace conference will take place. The Enterprise hails the Excelsior and Sulu informs them that the peace conference will be held on the planet Khitomer. Valeris also reveals that there is only one Bird-of-Prey that can fire while cloaked, a prototype. Detecting it will be difficult, however Kirk orders the crew to set course for Khitomer, after warning Sulu about the evasive ship. Sulu says reaching them in time will be difficult but he agrees to help. Meanwhile, the historic peace conference gets underway at Camp Khitomer. Several of the conspirators are present, one of the Klingons in the audience leaves the meeting hall and takes up a position above the speaker's podium and assembles a Klingon sniper rifle. The Enterprise arrives on Khitomer and is quickly hailed by Chang on the prototype Bird-of-Prey. He taunts Kirk with Shakespearean dialog, saying that Kirk prefers war to peace and opens fire on the Enterprise. The Enterprise takes heavy damage and her shields quickly collapse. The Excelsior arrives shortly after the battle begins and provides distraction for Chang. In the meeting hall on Khitomer, Azetbur gives an impassioned speech about her father's efforts to secure peace. In space, the Bird-of-Prey fires several more severely damaging blasts at the two Federation starships. Spock suddenly has an idea; he mentions that the Bird-of-Prey expels gas as its exhaust. Uhura suggests they use the equipment they have on board for studying gaseous anomalies that could detect the exhaust Spock mentions and Spock and McCoy equip a photon torpedo with the components. The torpedo is fired and homes in on Chang's ship and scores a direct hit, crippling its cloaking device. Both the Enterprise and the Excelsior destroy the prototype with photon blasts. On the planet, the Federation President takes the podium while the Klingon sniper aims his rifle at him. Having beamed down with Spock, Valeris and Scotty, Kirk rushes the stage and pulls the president out of the way just as the sniper shoots. Seeking another target, as the sniper points his rifle at Valeris, Scotty bursts into the room and shoots him. He falls through a glass window and onto the hall floor. The sniper is actually Colonel West, wearing a Klingon mask. Kirk explains that they have evidence of the plot and that those involved were frightened of the potential changes that would result. Later, the Enterprise and the Excelsior both head out into deep space from Khitomer. They communicate one last time with Sulu aboard his ship before he takes another course. They receive a transmission from Starfleet ordering them to return to Earth for decommissioning. Spock suggests their response would be "Go to hell." Chekov asks for a course heading and Kirk says "Second star to the right and straight on 'til morning." Kirk notes in his log that this is the final voyage of the Enterprise under his command, but there will be others who will take up his mission to go where no man, or no one, has gone before. The Enterprise goes to warp speed and disappears. Before the closing credits roll, the signatures of the principle cast members appear on the screen one at a time.
tt0134119
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Tom Ripley (Matt Damon) is a young man struggling to make a living in late 1950s New York City using his "talents"; forgery, lying and impersonation. One day, while working as a restroom attendant at a fancy Manhattan hotel, he meets a Princeton graduate who bribes him to work at an alumni party at playing the piano because the Princeton guy just broke his hand and cannot play. Ripley accepts. While playing piano at a cocktail party, Ripley is approached by wealthy shipbuilder Herbert Greenleaf (James Rebhorn), who mistakenly believes that Ripley went to Princeton with his son, Dickie, because Ripley is wearing the borrowed Princeton blazer. Greenleaf recruits Ripley to travel to Italy and persuade Dickie to return to the United States, for which he will pay Ripley $1,000. Ripley accepts the proposal, even though he did not attend Princeton and has never met Dickie. Ripley's personal life is soon revealed after the party where he lives in a small, two-room apartment in a rundown part of the city. His home town and orgins are unknown. It is implied that several years earlier, Ripley came out as a homosexual to his parents who reacted by throwing him out of their house and severing all ties with him. Now alone, Ripley struggles to get by without family support as well as search for his one true love as an outlet for his loneliness. Upon arriving by ship in Europe, Ripley meets a young and wealthy textile heiress named Meredith Logue (Cate Blanchett). During their brief conversation he impulsively pretends to be Dickie, later commenting in voice-over that "it is better to be a fake somebody than a real nobody." Shortly after his arrival in Italy, Ripley fakes a chance encounter on the beach with Dickie (Jude Law) and his fiance, Marge Sherwood (Gwyneth Paltrow), and attempts to convince Dickie that the two met at Princeton. Ripley later visits Dickie and Marge and discloses that Dickie's father paid him to travel to Europe and persuade Dickie to return home. This revelation infuriates Dickie; he declines the invitation and suggests Ripley go back to America and inform his father that he has no intention of ever returning. Ripley instead insinuates himself into Dickie's life under the pretext of being a fellow jazz lover. The two concoct a scheme for Ripley to wring additional funds from Herbert Greenleaf by regularly mailing letters suggesting Dickie is wavering and will likely return to America if Ripley can remain in Italy and continue applying pressure. On a jaunt to Rome, Ripley meets Dickie's friend Freddie Miles (Philip Seymour Hoffman), who treats Ripley with barely concealed contempt. A local girl, whom Dickie had impregnated, drowns herself after he refuses to help her financially; this sends Dickie into a downward spiral. He begins getting tired of Ripley, resenting his constant presence and suffocating dependence. Ripley's own feelings are complicated by his desire to maintain the opulent lifestyle Dickie has afforded him, and his growing sexual obsession with his new friend. As a good-will gesture before Ripley returns to America, Dickie invites Ripley to sail with him for a last trip to San Remo, where Dickie is shopping for a new residence. While at sea, Ripley suggests he return to Italy the following year and the two become housemates. Dickie dismisses Ripley's plan, informs him that he intends to marry Marge and admits he has grown weary of Tom. Upset by this news, Ripley confronts Dickie about his behavior and lashes out in rage, repeatedly hitting Dickie with an oar, killing him. Ripley holds Dickie's dead body as the boat slowly drifts to shore. To conceal the murder, Ripley scuttles the boat with Dickie's body aboard before swimming ashore. When the hotel concierge mistakes him for Dickie, Ripley realizes he can assume Dickie's identity. He forges Dickie's signature, modifies his passport and begins living off Dickie's trust fund. He uses Dickie's typewriter to communicate with Marge, making her believe that Dickie has left her and has decided to stay in Rome. He checks into two separate hotels as himself and as Dickie, passing messages via the hotel staff to create the illusion that Dickie is still alive. His situation is complicated by the reappearance of Meredith, who still believes that he is Dickie. Ripley rents a large apartment and spends a lonely Christmas buying himself expensive presents. Freddie tracks Ripley to his apartment in Rome through the American Express office, expecting to find Dickie. Freddie is immediately suspicious of Ripley as the apartment is not furnished in Dickie's style, while Ripley appears to have adopted Dickie's hair-style and mannerisms. On his way out, Freddie encounters the building's landlady who refers to Ripley as "Signor Dickie" and remarks on the piano music constantly emanating from the apartment. Freddie notes that Dickie does not play piano and goes back to confront Ripley who attacks Freddie, hitting him over the head with a heavy statue, murdering him. Ripley carries the heavy body to Freddie's car, drives to the woods, abandoning the vehicle and leaving Freddie's corpse lying on the ground in a creek, where it is quickly discovered. Ripley's existence then becomes a cat-and-mouse game with the Italian police and Dickie's friends. Ripley eludes imminent capture and clears himself by forging a suicide note addressed to Ripley in Dickie's name. He then moves to Venice and rents an apartment under his real name. Though trusted by Dickie's father, Ripley is disquieted when Mr. Greenleaf hires American private detective Alvin MacCarron to investigate Dickie's disappearance. Marge suspects Ripley's involvement in Dickie's death and confronts him after finding Dickie's rings in Ripley's bathroom. Ripley appears poised to murder Marge but is interrupted when Peter Smith-Kingsley (Jack Davenport), a mutual friend, enters the apartment with a key Ripley had given him. At the climax, Marge, Dickie's father, and MacCarron all confront Ripley at his apartment in Venice, but luck seems to stay with Ripley; MacCarron, after uncovering certain sordid details about Dickie's past, reveals to Ripley that Mr. Greenleaf has requested the investigation be dropped. MacCarron will not share his revelations with the Italian police and asks Ripley to promise to do the same. In exchange for his candor, and implications made in Dickie's suicide note, Herbert Greenleaf intends to transfer a substantial portion of Dickie's trust fund income to Ripley. Marge is dismayed at the resolution, furiously accusing Ripley of involvement in Dickie's disappearance before Greenleaf and MacCarron drag her away. Alienated with them and Ripley, Marge leaves to return to America. Now lovers, Ripley and Peter go on a cruise together, only to discover that Meredith is also on board. Ripley realizes that he cannot prevent Peter from communicating with Meredith and discovering that he has been passing himself off as Dickie. Peter and Meredith know each other and would certainly meet at some point on the voyage. He cannot solve this dilemma by murdering Meredith, because she is accompanied by her family. Ripley enters Peter's room and suggests the two remain below deck for the duration of the cruise, but quickly dismisses this idea as he cannot offer Peter a legitimate reason for doing so. Ripley sobs as he strangles Peter to death, throws his body overboard, then returns to his own cabin, where he sits alone. Although Tom Ripley knows that he has gotten away with his crimes and will never be brought to justice, he has sadly resigned himself to a solitary life without love or acceptance.
tt0111280
Action,Adventure,Mystery
In 2293, Captain James T. Kirk (William Shatner), Montgomery Scott (James Doohan) and Pavel Chekov (Walter Koenig) attend the maiden voyage of a new, Excelsior class USS Enterprise-B under the command of the unseasoned Captain John Harriman (Alan Ruck). During the voyage, which was to be a short trip from Earth to Pluto and back in just a few minutes, the Enterprise is pressed into a rescue mission to save two El-Aurian transport ships from an unknown energy ribbon. The Enterprise is able to save some of the El-Aurian refugees before their ships are destroyed, but the starship becomes trapped in the ribbon's gravitational pull. Kirk goes to deflector control to alter the deflector dish, allowing the Enterprise to escape, but the trailing edge of the ribbon rakes across the starship's hull, disintegrating the section Kirk was in. He is presumed lost in space. In 2371, the crew of the USS Enterprise-D celebrate the promotion of the Klingon Worf (Michael Dorn) to Lieutenant Commander. Captain Jean-Luc Picard (Patrick Stewart) receives a message that his brother and nephew were killed in a fire, meaning the storied Picard family line will end with him. The Enterprise receives a distress call from an observatory in orbit around the star Amargosa, where they rescue the El-Aurian scientist Dr. Tolian Soran (Malcolm McDowell). The android Data (Brent Spiner) and Chief Engineer Geordi La Forge (LeVar Burton) discover a compound called trilithium in a hidden room of the observatory. Soran appears, knocks La Forge unconscious, and launches a trilithium solar probe at Amargosa. The probe causes the star to implode, sending a shock wave toward the observatory. Soran and La Forge are transported away by a Klingon Bird-of-Prey belonging to the Duras sisters, Lursa and B'Etor, who had stolen the trilithium for Soran in exchange for a trilithium weapon. Data is rescued just before the observatory is destroyed by the shock wave. The Enterprise bartender hostess, Guinan (Whoopi Goldberg), shares more with Captain Picard about Soran; they were among the El-Aurian refugees rescued by the Enterprise-B. Guinan explains that Soran is obsessed with reentering the Nexus, an extra-dimensional realm where time has no meaning and anyone can experience whatever they desire. Picard and Data determine that unable to fly a ship into the ribbon on account of the uncertainty that the ship will survive long enough to ensure his success, Soran is instead altering the path of the ribbon by destroying stars, and that he will attempt to reenter the Nexus on Veridian III by destroying its sun - and, by extension, a heavily populated planet in the system. Upon entering the Veridian system, The Enterprise makes contact with the Klingon Bird-of-Prey. Picard offers himself to the Duras sisters in exchange for La Forge, but insists that he be transported to Soran's location first. La Forge is returned to the Enterprise and collapses, but by accident reveals the starship's shield frequency, allowing the Duras sisters to inflict crippling damage to the ship. The Enterprise destroys the Bird-of-Prey, but has sustained irreversible damage to the ship's warp core. Commander William Riker (Jonathan Frakes) orders an evacuation to the forward saucer section of the ship which separates from the stardrive. The shock wave from the stardrive's explosion sends the saucer crashing to the surface of Veridian III. Picard attempts to reason with Soran out of his plan, but to no avail, and is too late to stop him from launching his missile. The collapse of the Veridian star alters the course of the energy ribbon as predicted, and it sweeps Picard and Soran away while the shock wave from the star obliterates everything in the system. In the Nexus, Picard finds himself surrounded by the family he never had, including a wife and children, but realizes it is an illusion. He is confronted by an echo of Guinan (from 78 years earlier). After being told that he may leave whenever he chooses and go wherever and whenever he wishes, Guinan sends him to meet Kirk, also safe in the Nexus. Though Kirk is at first reluctant to leave, Picard convinces Kirk to return to Picard's present and stop Soran by assuring him that it will fulfill his desire to make a difference. Leaving the Nexus, the two arrive on Veridian III minutes before Soran launches the missile. Kirk distracts Soran long enough for Picard to lock the missile in place, causing it to explode on the launchpad and kill Soran. Kirk is mortally injured by a fall during the encounter; as he dies, Picard assures him that he made a difference. Picard buries Kirk on a hillside before a shuttle arrives to transport him to the wreckage of the Enterprise saucer. Three Federation starships enter orbit to retrieve the Enterprise survivors, but the ship herself cannot be salvaged. As Riker laments that he will never sit in the Captain's chair of the ship, Picard muses that given the name's legacy, this won't be the last ship to carry the name Enterprise.
tt0263488
Horror,Mystery
We open on a long country road, where Trish (Gina Phillips) and Darry (Justin Long) are driving back home during Spring Break. As the two are driving down the road we learn that they are taking the long way home. Darry claims that the reason they are doing this is because Trish is trying to avoid getting home quick in order to postpone talking about her boyfriend from college. It is implied that Trish and her boyfriend are no longer together. As they are driving they see an RV up ahead of them. Both try to figure out what the vanity plates message is a game the two like to play. As they pass the RV and begin driving further down the road, we see that behind them that the RV turns off the road quite suddenly. Then we see a beaten up van coming down the road behind Trish and Darry, unbeknownst to them. The van approaches them quite quickly and tail gates them, honking the horn insistently. Trish yells at Darry to let him pass and Darry keeps swerving on the road. Finally, Darry moves over to the oncoming traffic lane and lets the van pass. As the van passes, we see the license plates says, BEATNGU. Trish mentions that the encounter with the truck reminded her of Kenny and Darla. It was said that Kenny and Darla were drunk driving and that their bodies were never recovered only the vehicle was found. Darry disagrees and says that they just werent able to find her, Darlas, head or Kenny. Darry chalks it up to a generational cautionary tale of drinking and driving. Despite this, Trish is still spooked and claims that she had always heard it was true that Kenny and Darla attended Wheaton Valley High and were part of the class of 78. Trish then tells Darry that when she first heard the story she thought she would die on that highway. The two then start bickering over whether or not Darry will get the point for the vanity plate on the van, claiming it read as beating you, since he didnt call it right when he saw the plate. The two stop on the side of the road to urinate, Trish asks her brother if he had talked to their mother. He claims that he only told her that he would be home for break. Trish asks how her mother sounded, particularly if she sounded weird. As Trish gets back in the car she notices that Darry has a bag full of laundry for their mother to do. Trish then claims that something is wrong with their mother, which Darry denies. Trish says that he is unable to notice anything beyond his own existence and insists that their mother isnt happy. At that point, Darry notices the beaten up van that tailgated them from before. It is by an old run-down church. As they slowly pass the van, we see that the driver is a guy with his face covered, wearing a hat and a dark trench coat. Both notice that he is dumping something wrapped in a bloody sheet down a pipe. On the drivers second trip to the pipe he notices the two watching him. The two begin asking each other what he was doing with the bloody sheets wrapped with rope. Trish tells Darry to get them out of there, while Darry tells her to grab his cell phone in his gym bag. She finds the cell phone and notices that the van is now pulling out from the church and begins to follow them. Trish tries to use the phone but sees that his battery is low and despite the fact that Darry has a power plug for it, her lighter doesnt work. The van is now catching up to their car at unnatural speed. As he catches up to them he smashes into the back of their car several times, finally running them off the road and into a field. The van continues on down the road. After Darry fixes the trunk of Trishs car, he stops and says that they need to go back. They both know that it was a person in the sheet and Darry wants to go back and check that the person isnt still alive. Trish doesnt want to and would rather get to a phone and call the cops. Darry argues that they are too far away from a phone to be able to save the person if they are still alive. He finally convinces her by asking if it were her back there. They head back to the church, which is surrounded by crows. Upon approaching the pipe, which smells terrible, Darry claims to have heard something down there and he shines a light down there. So he climbs into the pipe, asking Trish to hold onto his feet. As he is shining the light down in the pipe he claims to see something, which happens to be rats. Trish and Darry start screaming and in the commotion Trish lets go of Darry, leading Darry to fall down the pipe. While Darry is down there he notices the bloody sheet that the creepy guy threw down the pipe. He kicks it to see if the person is alive, and when it doesnt move he turns to yell up to Trish, when all of a sudden the person in the sheet grabs his leg. The person in the sheet starts to thrash around and Darry uncovers his face to find it is a boy not much older than him. His face is blue and he starts pointing to his stomach. When Darry rips open the sheet he sees that the boys stomach has been opened up and sewn back together. The boy in the sheets starts to mumble something inaudibly and when Darry leans in to hear him better, the boy dies. Darry then goes back to the opening of the pipe and tells Trish that she needs to go back to the road and get help by flagging someone down. Darry claims that he is going to find a way out. Before Trish can leave he tells her that if she sees the old van that she needs to run back to the pipe and let him know. Darry then heads further into the basement and sees more bodies wrapped in sheets. He then sees that there is an opening into a room. As he inspects the room he finds a bunch of weird instruments and bottles. As he is looking he notices that his show is untied and upon bending down to tie it his flashlight shines on the wall behind him showing a collection of naked human bodies, all arranged weirdly onto the wall. All of a sudden, something drips onto Darrys shoe. He shines his flashlight up to the ceiling and sees hundreds of bodies all over the walls. Trish is out on the road watching for cars, which there seem to be none approaching from either direction. While she is out there we cut back to Darry down in the basement where he has found an opening leading out of the basement. As he approaches it he notices two bodies sewn together in the corner. The womans sewn on head is placed on the guys shoulders, their arms sewn together leading to their hands intertwined with one anothers. Darry notices a class ring on the guys finger which says Wheaton Valley High. Back on the road, Trish is facing oncoming traffic in the left lane. While she is facing this way, behind her we see headlights approaching in the distance. Finally, Trish looks behind her and sees what looks to be a beaten up van coming towards her. She hops into her car and tries to start the car, but it seems as though the cars clutch is stuck in gear. As the vehicle comes closer we see that it wasnt the beaten up van but a beaten up truck with hay in the back. As she relaxes from having scared herself thinking it was the creepy guy, her brother, Darry pops up by her window looking completely in shock. The two begin heading down the road again, Trish trying to get Darry to say something. Trish notices that they are low on gas and claims that they need to stop as she passes a sign that reads they are entering Pertwilla. At that point, Darry speaks up mentioning that the tales about Kenny and Darla were true and that she did lose her head. Trish pulls into a diner with a gas pump. As they get out of the car they are discussing that they need to call the cops and Darry needs to tell them what he found. At that point, we see the beaten up van pass by the diner, heading back to the run-down church. Both run into the diner, asking for a phone to call the cops. Everyone in the diner looks at them puzzled. Finally, the waitress goes to call the cops. Trish turns to her brother, trying to snap him out of his frightened state when the payphone in the diner rings. Trish picks it up and a woman asks if they have seen the cats yet. The woman on the phone explains that she had seen her and Darry with lots of cats. Trish, confused, asks how she knows Darry. At this point, Darry takes the phone and starts asking the woman who she is. The woman continues on proving that she knows who they are by describing Darrys torn shirt, bloody hand, and rose tattoo on his stomach. She tells them that they have found its house of pain. She explains it to be a hungry thing that will not stop coming after them or anyone else it wants. She proclaims that once it has the scent of something it likes, it cant stop. She says that she saw the awful truck/van, too, with the weird license plate. Darry asks, Beating you? She tells him no, and to think about it. Then she tells him to listen to something. On her speaker she has playing Jeepers Creepers (Jeepers Creepers, whered you get those peepers/Jeepers Creepers, whered you get those eyes. She tells Darry that when he hears that song to run because it means something terrible for him. Darry ends up hanging up on her. It is now night, and Darry has already relayed what he saw to two cops, a Black woman and a white guy. Darry begins questioning Trish if she believes him. The gentleman cop comes over and lets them know that there is a unit on its way over to the church. But the cop questions what Darry saw, claiming that Kenny and Darla would have been bones by now since the crash happened over 20 years ago. Darry insists he knows what he saw retelling that there were at least 600 bodies all stitched together like a quilt. Then the waitress comes over asking if his car is over by the pumps. They run outside and see that their clothes are all over the floor. The waitress says that they saw some guy standing over by their car, sniffing their clothes. The people in the diner say that they saw him head back down the road towards the church again. Darry claims that the creepy guy knows what we saw and that he is after them now. As he is picking up his clothes, he notices that there is a handprint on the door handle the handprint is quite ashy. As Trish looks at the print, she notices a shadow in the sky and the sound of wings up above them. But when she looks up she sees nothing. Darry and Trish are back on the road, this time with the two cops driving behind them, escorting them. Both question how he was able to get back to the church and diner so quickly and why he was sniffing their clothes. The cops then get a call from central letting them know that the church is now burning out of control. Back in Trishs car, Trish turns on the radio and begins surfing through the channels. She passes a modern pop song of Jeepers Creepers. Darry turns back to it saying it's the song the woman was talking about on the phone. Trish and Darry begin bickering. Back in the police cruiser, they get back the results from the dust on the car handle which is dead skin. Suddenly, the cops hear a thud on their hood of their car. Back in Trishs car, still bickering over the song, we see that the creepy guy is on the hood of the police car. The woman cop looks out and is thrown out of the car, while the male cop driving gets his head chopped off, which is then thrown onto the windshield of Trishs car causing them to swerve to a stop. They get out of the car and Trish begins walking to the police car, seeing someone moving in the car, but then on the road sees the severed head of the cop. Trish runs back to the car and they look out and watch the creepy guy get out of the car, whistling the Jeepers Creepers song. Both watch as he eats the cops tongue. They leave, despite Trishs car giving her some issues. We then see the Creeper (Jonathan Breck) throw the cops body into the back of his van. Trish stops the car after Darry insists she slows down. To their left is a house, which Trish takes as an opportunity to get help. As they walk towards the house, Trish notices that the owners of the house have a scarecrow in their garden. The two are greeted by an old woman Trish asks to use her phone, but the woman explains that she does not have one. She asks what Trish needs with a phone anyway and Trish tells her that she needs to contact the police. The woman says that she doesnt want the police out near her house because they are trying to get her to get rid of some of her cats. Once Trish mentions that someone has been killed she turns on the light, concerned that it was one of her cats. We then see that there are at least 20 cats in her home. Darry tries to get Trish to leave when the lights on the womans porch go out. All of a sudden all the cats in the womans house go towards the screen and begin growling. The woman asks if they brought anyone else with them, looking off to the right. When Trish and Darry turn around they see the Creeper where the scarecrow was. The old woman comes out from the porch with a shotgun and tells him to get out of her yard. When the Creeper moves from the scarecrow the old woman shoots, but instead of hitting him she hits the scarecrow. The Creeper then jumps from the ground and scurries across the old womans roof, breaking into her house. The woman goes into her house despite the pleas from Trish and Darry. From outside, they hear two gun shots. Then they see the old woman by the inside door of her porch. They see that the Creeper has killed her and was propping her up. Trish and Darry finally see the face of the Creeper (he looks like a monster with bat-like features and his eyes are all clouded over as if he is blind). Trish and Darry run to their car and the Creeper follows, jumping onto their hood. Trish reverses the car and tries to run over the Creeper to no avail. She then waits until he is close enough and hits him with her car. She then reverses and runs over him a couple more times. Darry stops her and they watch as the Creepers wings come out. The Creeper attempts to fly away but is too damaged. Trish runs over him one more time and they head off to the Poho County Police Station. In the police station we see that a guy has been picked up for trying to steal a car. Trish is on the phone with her mother, who is upset along with Trishs dad. Trishs mom tries to go get them, but Trish explains that they dont want to wait for her. They are just going to drive home themselves. Darry notices a board of missing people, one missing person being a child. Just then a woman comes into the police station saying Trishs name. We find out that her name is Jez (Patricia Belcher). She tells them about how she had seen them with the bodies in the cellar and then seeing them with a bunch of cats. Darry figures out that this is the woman on the phone from the diner. Jez explains that she has dreams and that she has seen them two. Jez goes on to tell them about the Creepers ritual. Every 23rd of Spring, the Creeper is allowed to eat for 23 days. While Jez is explaining this, we notice that the beaten up van pulls up to the police station and the injured Creeper hops out and makes it way to the back of the police station. He eats things that he needs, a lung to breathe, eyes to see, etc. She explains that since they have harmed the Creeper, he is going to continue eating until he is not harmed anymore. She then says that one of the two has something he likes, but hes not sure which one yet. The way he finds out is by scaring you he can smell something in fear. It tells him if there is something inside a person that he might want. At this point, the lights in the police station go out and the emergency lights come on. Darry doesnt understand how it is able to still be alive, since they ran over it so many times. Jez claims that he has eaten too many hearts for his own to stop. One of the cops heads to where the inmates are being held to get a head count. He approaches one cell where the two inmates are hovered against one wall in fright. On further inspection, the cop notices the Creepers clothing on the floor of the next cell, where the Creeper has eaten someone and is healing himself. The cop tries to shoot it but the Creeper overtakes him. The cop with Trish, Darry and Jez tries to move them into a holding room after hearing the gunshots. Jez insists that they do not hide in room because she has seen the Creeper find them hiding in a room. She then says that she sees the song Jeepers Creepers playing on an old phonograph while one of them is screaming in the dark somewhere. The head cop then gets in a call saying that the Creeper is heading up the rear stairwell. He tells them all to stay where they are. After the cops leave, Jez says that she needs to get them out of there. They start running down one of the halls of the station. We then hear over the radio that one inmate and an officer are down and then there are gunshots. He explains that they are unable to take him down, that he is wearing some kind of crazy armor. He then tells the sergeant that he is gone, heading up to the rest of the cops. Then the Creeper comes up behind one of the cops and punches a hole right through his stomach. They look up the staircase and see nothing, but hear something, so they begin shooting into the stairwell. We then see that the way Jez tried to lead Trish and Darry out is locked. Trish argues with her and it comes out that she is there in the hopes that they can change the outcome. Darry figures out that she knows who it wants and what it wants. She explains that she has seen them run up the stairs and hide but that she doesnt know what happens. He asks her who hears Jeepers Creepers while screaming in the dark. Sobbing, Jez begins to look over at Trish. Darry asks if her dreams have never been wrong. She tells him that he doesnt understand. Trish, upset, says that Jez doesnt know anything. Then, the Creeper, comes out from around the corner. Jez yells for them to go upstairs. The Creeper crawls over the wall and comes up behind Jez. He smells her and not finding anything he wants, he runs after Trish and Darry. In one of the interrogation rooms, Trish goes up to the two-way mirror and starts looking at her eyes. On the other side of the mirror, the Creeper is watching her and growling. The two are arguing when the Creeper smashes through the mirror. He picks up Trish and Darry up by their throats and proceeds to sniff them. He then licks Trish and after tasting her, he throws her to the side. He then licks Darry and seems to be pleased with the taste, when the cops from downstairs begin shooting one of the other two-way mirrors and aim their guns at the Creeper. They see that he has Darry in a headlock and do not shoot. At this point, Trish runs up and tries to convince the Creeper that he wants her and not Darry. The Creeper then flies out the window with Darry in his arms. The next day, Trishs folks show up at the police station. Trish asks her what it means when Darry is screaming in the dark while the song is playing she wants to know what else she saw. Jez tells her that shes just a crazy old woman with crazy dreams and Trish walks out of the police station. We then see an old factory where Darry is screaming and crying. In the background we hear the Jeepers Creepers song playing on an old phonograph. The Creeper seems to be sewing something together and we see that Darrys body is strung up and his eyes have been removed and the Creeper is using them as his own.
tt0119099
Action,Crime,Drama
Homicide detective John Hobbes (Denzel Washington) and Edgar Reese (Elias Koteas), a serial killer, are talking just before the latter is going to be executed in prison. Reese is proud of all his crimes, and doesn't repent at all. Hobbes witnesses the execution of Reese. At the last second, Reese starts shouting that he is innocent, that it wasn't him, all his cocky demeanour lost. However, this doesn't finish the matter. Soon after the execution the killings start again, and they are very similar to Reese's style. Hobbes starts hearing people on the street singing the same tune that Reese sang in the gas chamber. He is told that maybe the fallen angel Azazel is behind it all. Azazel is cursed to roam the Earth without a form, and he can switch bodies by any contact, making him hard to track. The last clue is given by Gretta Milano (Embeth Davidtz), a semi-mad woman who lives in a flat crammed with bric-a-brac, pictures, and small statues representing all kind of of angels. When Hobbes is forced to kill a man possessed by Azazel, he must clear his name while protecting his family and others from the evil, vengeful Azazel. Milano tells him to kill Azazel in a place where no other person is around. If Hobbes kills the person who is at the moment possessed by Azazel, and he himself commits suicide, the fallen angel will die, because he can't survive for long without a body. Hobbes is determined. His workmates are suspicious of him. They think that he has tricked them all, being the serial killer from the very beginning, or that he has become so obsessed with the serial killer that now he's copy-cattting him. His co-worker and closest friend, Det Jonesy (John Goodman), is one of those who seem to have changed their minds concerning Hobbes. Lou and Stanton (James Gandolfini and Donald Sutherland) start having no doubts that Hobbes is the killer. Hobbes goes to a lonely cottage kilometers away from nowhere where he has dared Azazel to go. To his surprise, it's Jonesy who goes. He tells him that it was about Hobbes from the beginning. When Hobbes and Reese had the conversation, there was a second when they shook hands, but Azazel could not move inside Hobbes because he was an honest and good person. There is a final confrontation and Hobbes kills Jonesy, and then kills himself. It seems that evil has died. However, a voice tells the audience that there is only an animal which can hold a demon, a cat. We see a cat which is making its way to the nearest inhabited town. The audience now knows that Hobbes didn't succeed.
tt0083767
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
A stern and tyrannical father named Stan (Tom Atkins) gets angry when he finds his young son Billy (Joe King) reading a grisly horror comic book entitled "Creepshow". After arguing with his wife and slapping Billy, Stan throws the comic in the garbage. A skeletal figure appears outside Billy's window, the Creep, who hosts the stories in the comic book. A wind draws the comic out of the garbage can, and the five stories within come to life, dissolving from illustrated comic frames to live-action frames at the beginning of each story, and vice-versa at the end of each story (each story is linked by short, animated interludes). 1st story: "Father's Day" -- The Granthams are a wealthy family with a macabre annual celebration. Sylvia Grantham (Carrie Nye) gathers with her family members Richard (Warner Shook) and Cass (Elizabeth Regan), and the eccentric Aunt Bedelia (Viveca Lindfors) on Father's Day. While they are waiting for Bedelia to arrive, the family members explain Bedelia's back story to Cass's new husband, Hank (Ed Harris). It seems that Bedelia's father, the now-deceased family patriarch Nathan, was pathologically jealous of Bedelia. After Nathan had her lover murdered in what was written off as a "hunting accident", Bedelia went over the edge. While caring for the elderly Nathan, Bedelia snapped and bashed Nathan's head in with a marble ashtray. The family conspired to make it look like an accident, and Nathan's massive wealth was divided among them equally. Ever since the time of the murder, which occurred on Father's Day, Bedelia visits her father's grave at the family estate, then joins the others in the mansion for dinner. This year, as Bedelia sits on Nathan's grave, Nathan's rotting corpse emerges from the ground and attacks her, strangling her to death. Nathan then exacts revenge on the rest of the family. Hank is squashed with a falling gravestone, the housekeeper Mrs. Danvers (Nann Mogg) is killed, and Nathan twists Sylvia's head off of her body. In a final gruesome joke, he 'surprises' Cass and Richard with Sylvia's head, decorated to look like a Father's Day cake, complete with burning candles. Story #2: "The Lonesome Death of Jordy Verrill" -- Jordy Verrill (Stephen King) is a simpleton who lives alone on his family's rundown farm. A meteor crashes to Earth, landing in his field, and Jordy has aspirations to sell the meteor to the local college for a small fortune -- two hundred dollars. He tries to pick up the meteor but it's too hot, and burns his fingers. Jordy's solution is to pour a bucket of water on it, but that causes it to split in two. A dejected Jordy sees his dream of a two hundred dollar windfall go down the drain. Still, he resolves to try and sell the halves, which are now covered in a greenish liquid. Later that night, the crater where the meteor landed is now covered in weird green plantlife, as is everything the meteor came into contact with. Jordy notices his fingers have green wounds on them, presumably from the burns, but later he discovers the alien vegetation, which has now covered the entire farm. Jordy realizes that the alien plant life is now growing on his skin. As the night progresses, Jordy becomes covered in shaggy green weeds, causing him to itch. Jordy's itching skin causes him to run a bath, but before he can get in, the image of his deceased father appears to him in the mirror and warns him against getting into the water, since the water is what makes the weeds grow. Jordy gets in anyway, and when morning dawns, Jordy has become a gigantic lumbering mass of alien vegetation. Desperate, he shoots himself in the head with a shotgun, revealing that the deep green weeds have even penetrated his brain. Story #3: "Something to Tide You Over" -- Harry Wentworth (Ted Danson) is awakened by a knock at his door from Richard Vickers (Leslie Nielsen). It seems that Harry has been having an affair with Richard's wife, Becky (Gaylen Ross), and Richard has come to confront him. Instead of attacking him, Richard plays him a cassette of Becky's terrified voice begging Harry for help. Harry accompanies Richard back to his private beachfront estate, where Richard forces him at gunpoint to climb into a hole in the sand on the beach. Burying Harry up to his neck, Richard then connects a television that displays live footage of Becky, also buried up to her neck in another location on the beach. The tide is already starting to come in and wash over her face. Harry realizes that they will both be dead soon; there is no reasoning with Richard, who seems to take great delight in his revenge. Richard abandons Harry and goes back to his beach house, where he watches the drowning deaths of both Becky and Harry on the video monitors. Before the last wave covers Harry's head, he vows revenge on Richard. Later that night, Richard is alone in the beach house when he seems to hear voices calling him. While he showers, two shuffling figures enter his home, defying the many security cameras and alarms that Richard has in place. When Richard emerges from the shower, he hears somebody in his house and immediately thinks it's Harry, somehow still alive. He is terrified to discover that the invaders in his home are the water-logged corpses of both Becky and Harry, both of them zombies covered in seaweed with green, pruning skin. Richard's gun has no effect; the zombies taunt him the same way he taunted them, and we finally see Richard, now completely insane, buried on the beach in the same way, waiting for the tide to come in. "I can hold my breath a looooooooooong time!" Richard yells crazily. Story #4: "The Crate" -- A janitor at Horlicks University, Mike (Don Keefer), discovers an old dusty crate behind a grate under a basement stairwell. He calls Professor Dexter Stanley (Fritz Weaver) to investigate with him, drawing him away from a stuffy faculty gathering. At the gathering is Dexter's good friend, Professor Henry Northrup (Hal Holbrook). Henry is married to an obnoxious shrew of a woman named Wilma (Adrienne Barbeau). Wilma, who is continually drunk, embarasses herself and Henry at the party, and it seems as if she is about to ruin the friendship Henry shares with Dex. Henry, who is somewhat meek, fantasizes about ways to murder her. Back at the university, Dex and Mike pull the crate out from under the stairs and realize that it appears to have been under there since the late 1800s. A stamp on the outside of the wooden box indicates that it contains specimens from an arctic expedition. When the two of them open it, they sense movement from inside, and Mike is attacked by something when he puts his arm in the crate. Whatever it is pulls Mike inside, apparently eating him as it goes, and Dex catches a glimpse of a horrible, shaggy beast with huge teeth. Dex runs blindly from the lab and finds the only other person in the hall, a student named Charlie Gereson (Robert Harper). Charlie goes down into the the laboratory and finds it covered in blood, with no sign of the crate or the creature. Charlie and Dex find the crate back under the stairs, and when Charlie attempts to investigate, the creature attacks him and eats him, too. Dex is afraid to go to the police; instead he goes to Henry's house, and he arrives while Wilma is away for the evening. He tells Henry the story about the creature, and Henry knows Dexter has to be telling the truth. Henry hatches a plan. He gives Dex sleeping pills and leaves him locked in his study, asleep. Henry writes Wilma a note, concocting a bogus story designed to lure her to the laboratory. He gets there ahead of her and cleans up the evidence of the blood. Wilma can't resist Henry's trap, and she shows up at the university as planned. Henry lures her under the stairs and her obnoxious ranting draws the creature out of its crate. It eats Wilma before Henry's eyes; Henry then chains it inside the crate and dumps the crate into the deep water of a nearby quarry. When Dexter wakes up the next day, he and Henry vow to keep the secret of what really happened, and let the authorities deal with the disappearances. The final frames show the creature in its watery trap, tearing the crate to pieces and presumably escaping. 5th and final story: "They're Creeping Up on You!" -- Upson Pratt (E.G. Marshall) is a neurotic business tycoon who lives in a sterile, white penthouse apartment atop a skyscraper in a major city. He communicates with the outside world via the telephone, treating his employees and subordinates in a cutthroat, heartless manner. One phone caller informs him that an employee, Norman Castonmeyer, has committed suicide because Pratt fired him. Pratt seems delighted rather than upset. Pratt is obsessed with cleanliness and has a huge phobia of bugs. Unfortunately, he keeps finding cockroaches in his apartment, which sets him on a rampage to correct the situation. He places telephone calls to the building superintendent and makes thinly veiled racial slurs in an attempt to intimidate the man. As Pratt finds more bugs in his apartment, someone gets through on his private line. Norman Castonmeyer's widow, Lenore (voiced by Gwen Verdon), calls Pratt to curse him for her husband's death. Pratt is amused by her melodramatic sadness, until the cockroaches multiply. He finds them in his food processor, bits of them surfacing in the grain cereal he eats. An electrical blackout occurs, and the roaches attack, swarming by the thousands everywhere in Pratt's apartment. Pratt retreats to his "safe room", a climate-controlled sleep chamber, just as the phone rings. Lenore Castonmeyer's voice curses him over and over "I hope you die! I hope you die!", and Pratt discovers his bed swarming with roaches. The roaches quickly cover him and Pratt suffers a heart attack. The power returns, the lights come back on, and the roaches are nowhere to be seen. Pratt's body lies inside the glass sleep chamber. The superintendent knocks at Pratt's door and laughs when Pratt doesn't answer, asking "Bugs got your tongue?" Suddnely, swarms of roaches burst from Pratt's body, so many that they nearly fill the glass chamber. The wraparound story with Billy concludes the next morning, when two garbage men (Marty Schiff and Tom Savini) discover the comic book next to the trash can in front of Billy's house. They leaf through it reverently and discover that someone has clipped a mail-in coupon for a genuine Haitian voodoo doll. Inside the house, Billy's father, Stan suddenly suffers neck pain, while up in his bedroom, Billy stabs a voodoo doll in his form of his cruel father repeatedly with a pin as payback for Stan tossing out his favorite comic book. Like each story in the comic book, this live action scene of Billy stabbing the voodoo doll becomes an illustrated comic book picture, and as the camera pulls back, we see that the comic's macabre "host", "The Creep", is holding the second issue of the "Creepshow" comic book in his boney hands, with Billy and his voodoo doll adorning the cover. The Creep titters, and a nearby candle flame goes out, plunging the scene into darkness. Credits begin to roll... (At the end of the credits, we once again hear The Creep's laughter).
tt0105690
Action,Thriller
The film begins with the American battleship USS Missouri (BB-63) arriving at Pearl Harbor, where President George H. W. Bush makes a speech announcing that after the Missouri's long time service, the ship will be decommissioned in California, making the trip her final voyage. Casey Ryback (Steven Seagal), a Chief Petty Officer assigned as cook, is preparing meals in celebration of the birthday of Captain Adams (Patrick O'Neal), against the orders of his adversarial Executive Officer, Commander Krill (Gary Busey), who is having food and entertainment brought from Hawaii by helicopter after they have set out to sea. Krill provokes a brawl in the galley with Ryback who assaults Krill. Unable to imprison him in the brig without clearance from the captain or attracting attention, Krill detains Ryback in a freezer and places a Marine, Private Nash (Tom Wood), on guard to prevent Ryback from leaving. A CH-46 helicopter lands on the ship's deck with a musical band, along with Playboy Playmate "Miss July '89" Jordan Tate (Erika Eleniak) and a group of caterers who are all really a band of mercenaries led by ex-CIA operative Bill Strannix (Tommy Lee Jones). Shortly after the party begins, Strannix, posing as the band leader (Bad Billy and the Bail Jumpers), pulls out a gun and kills Commander Green (the highest ranking officer in the room). Then, all the caterers and band members pull out weapons to seize control of the ship with the help of Commander Krill (who is revealed to be a turncoat). Several of the officers are killed during the takeover, including Captain Adams, who is shot point blank by Krill. The rest of the ship's company are imprisoned below decks in the forecastle, except for several stragglers in secured areas. Strannix intends to steal the ship's arsenal of nuclear Tomahawk cruise missiles and plans to sell the nuclear weapons on the black market by unloading them onto a submarine Strannix stole from North Korea while on his final CIA mission, which he then kept for himself when the CIA tried to assassinate him to use for private arms trading. Strannix and his men take over the ship's weapon systems for defense, shooting down an F/A-18 Hornet sent to investigate, and plan on covering their escape by launching a missile strike into Honolulu that will obliterate tracking systems in Pearl Harbor. Ryback has become suspicious upon hearing gunfire and tells Private Nash to contact the ship's bridge. An annoyed Krill realizes they forgot about Ryback in the freezer and learns the kitchen is an unsecured area on the ship. Krill lies to Private Nash that the noises were not gunshots, but party poppers before Strannix offhandedly sends mercenaries Cates and Ziggs to eliminate Ryback and Nash. Nash is killed, but Ryback escapes and kills Cates by throwing a knife at him and strangles Ziggs, then plants a bomb in the microwave to go off later. He proceeds to cause havoc amongst the perpetrators and begins killing off the terrorists with the limited help of Jordan Tate, who was only hired as a cover for the festivities. Ryback also gets in contact with Admiral Bates (Andy Romano) at the Pentagon by using a satellite phone, whereupon the Navy then makes a plan to send a SEAL team to retake the ship. Krill discovers that Ryback is really a Chief Petty Officer and former Navy SEAL with extensive special-weapons and counter-terrorism training. He was relegated to his current posting for striking his superior officer who had been responsible for his men being killed in a botched commando mission during the United States invasion of Panama. As a result, he had lost his security clearance and was only able to serve as a yeoman or a cook. To keep the missile-theft plan in place, Krill decides to activate the fire sprinklers in the forecastle, leaving the crew members to drown and the terrorists to set up an ambush when Ryback arrives, presumably by himself to save them. However, Ryback locates a group of sailors in hiding and along with them engages a successful counter-strike, turning off the sprinklers dousing the crew and eliminating a considerable number of Strannix's forces. As Strannix's men regroup, Ryback shuts down the Missouri's weapon systems, in order to allow the incoming Navy SEAL team to land. As the battle for the ship continues, the submarine crew shoots down both the CH-46 helicopter carrying the Navy SEAL team with shoulder-fired surface-to-air missiles. The Pentagon responds by ordering an air strike that will sink the Missouri and all aboard. Strannix regains control of the ship's weapon systems and the Tomahawks are loaded onto the North Korean submarine, departing with Krill on board. With the aid of Jordan and his fellow sailors, Ryback uses the battleship's guns, which were not yet decommissioned, to sink the submarine with Krill still inside, killing him and every one on board. Strannix, standing on the deck, suffers a major concussion from being in the proximity of the Missouri's guns as they are fired. He orders the remaining mercenaries out of the control room as he launches two nuclear-tipped Tomahawks towards Honolulu. As the sailors recapture the ship, killing the last group of Strannix's men, Ryback finds his way into the control room where he is caught off-guard and captured by Strannix. Strannix and Ryback realize they know each other from their past covert experiences, but Ryback is disgusted by Strannix's excuses for his behavior. Ryback states that both of them are disillusioned and were essentially "used" by their government, but Strannix says Ryback still believes in his country, whereas he does not. Ryback and Strannix then engage in a knife fight wherein Ryback kills Strannix by poking his eye out, stabbing him in the head with his knife, and finally smashing him through a computer monitor. Ryback then takes the launch codes needed to self-destruct the Tomahawk missiles. One of the two missiles is destroyed by an F/A-18 Hornet, but the other continues on its course. The codes are dialed in and the Tomahawk missile is deactivated, blowing apart before it would have destroyed Honolulu. The Pentagon celebrates wildly, then calls off the air assault on the Missouri. At the end, the remaining crew members are freed from their forecastle prison as the ship sails towards San Francisco harbor. Ryback is checked by a Navy doctor, kisses Jordan and the crew looks on and cheers. The film ends with a funeral ceremony for Captain Adams being held on the decks of the Missouri, showing the Captain's casket with flag draped over it and Ryback saluting in his service dress blue uniform with his full rank and military decorations.
tt1839654
Comedy,Drama
Monte (Morgan Freeman) has had a successful career writing Western novels, but he has grown disenchanted and drunk in his later years since his wife died. He comes to the small resort town of Belle Isle for the summer to dogsit at a cottage and be left alone. He has an attractive next-door neighbor named Charlotte, mother to three daughters ranging from 6 to 15; they have relocated there from Manhattan while she is going through a divorce from the girls' father. The middle child, Finn, is building a wooden raft to sail out to a small island in the nearby harbor. Though confined to a wheelchair, Monte manages to get to town by bus to buy bourbon. He is brusque but not unfriendly to the locals, including a man who invites him to the memorial for a neighbor who has suddenly died. Monte meets Finn at the memorial and she learns a little about his books, which feature a recurring cowboy hero named Jubal. Monte is asked to read a statement about the deceased man and reluctantly agrees. On the way home, he speaks to a mentally handicapped young man named Carl, whose mother has asked him to help her son socialize. Monte asks Carl to be his sidekick. Finn asks Monte to teach her how to write stories. Monte confesses that he is not really unable to walk, rather, he is faking his condition to sue an insurance company. Finn is enraptured by his secret, until he tells her that he made up the story, which is how imagination works. Charlotte invites Monte to dinner, where the two adults are mildly flirtatious, especially after she plays the piano. Charlotte asks him why he stopped writing, and through an allegory about Jubal, Monte explains that writing about Jubal had allowed him to do what he could not do in real life, yet he is not that man anymore. Finn wants more lessons in imagination and storytelling, so Monte keeps asking her to look at places to describe what she does not see. At first the girl does not understand this and becomes frustrated, but she slowly begins to fill in details that are not evident in what she does see. One day, she makes up a story based on an experience she had with Carl, and Monte assures her that now she is learning to write. Finn's younger sister Flora has a big birthday party, and despite her hopes, their father does not come to visit as he promised. Monte tries to cheer her up with a story he has written about an elephant and a family of mice. Charlotte reads the story to Flora that night, and realizes it is an allegory about Monte and her family. She thinks aloud that Monte likes her. Finn finishes her raft and rows out to the island with Carl and her big sister, where she explores some trails and finds an old lunchbox hidden under a tree, which they soon learn contains writings from Charlotte when she was about 12. Finn learns that Monte has been writing stories for Flora and becomes quite upset with him, wanting to know why he will not continue writing about Jubal. Monte goes off to write, but composes another story that intimates he is falling in love with Charlotte. Monte's editor comes to visit after trying to contact him for many weeks, and is surprised to find that Monte is sober. As it turns out, a famous Hollywood actor shows up as well, wanting to buy the rights to Jubal's stories so he can star as the character. Monte replies that the character is not for sale, and responds to his editor's disappointment by saying that his life is too good right now to complicate it with such matters. Monte dreams of sitting by the water with Charlotte, drinking wine in the moonlight, poetically pitching woo to her. He stands and dances with her, and they kiss. The next day, Charlotte asks Monte to look after the girls for the day. Finn is still mad at him, so he tells her the story of his younger days on the minor league baseball circuit. On the day he was called up to the majors, he was hit by a drunk driver in a car accident, which is how he became paralyzed. His wife stayed with him, and he created Jubal to fulfill the life he could not live. He says that although his wife passed away six years ago, Finn has restored his legs, allowing him to dance again in his mind. Charlotte returns late that evening after the girls have gone to bed and shares a quiet moment with Monte. She admits she has become greatly fond of his stories, and now that Monte plans to leave after the summer, she wishes they had danced in the moonlight. The couple share a pause signifying the recognition of their suppressed affection for each other, and then just as she is leaving, Charlotte gives Monte a long sweet kiss. With the summer ending and the town closing up for the season, Monte decides to quit drinking and gives Carl his cowboy hat, encouraging him to be himself and not a sidekick. Finn, who had been reading one of Monte's books with the last page missing, is thrilled when he gives her a retyped revision of the last page. He returns the money she gave him for the writing lessons at the beginning of summer, because she has been the one teaching him. The girls and Charlotte say tender goodbyes to Monte, and Flora gives him a painting of an elephant as he leaves. That fall, the girls have acclimated to their new schools, and Charlotte has planted pumpkins in their garden. She gets a message from Monte telling her that he relented and sold the rights to Jubal, then used the money to buy a nice place to write. Charlotte then realizes that the nice place Monte bought is the cottage he had lived in over the summer. She and her daughters run over to see him, with the utmost jubilation.
tt1531663
Drama
Salesman Nick Halsey (Will Ferrell) is fired from his job of 16 years following an unspecified incident in Denver related to his alcoholism. He sits in the parking garage after leaving the office, drinking from a flask. He then takes the Swiss Army Knife he was given as a farewell gift and stabs it into his supervisor's car tires, only to leave the knife (which has his name on it) and run away when he is unable to pull it back out from the tire. He immediately drives to a convenience store and buys a large amount of beer. When he returns home, he finds his wife is gone, the locks have been changed, and his belongings have been strewn all over his front lawn. His wife has left him a letter telling him that she is leaving him, also over the Denver incident, and to not contact her. Nick spends the night on the lawn. In the morning, he leaves to buy beer and food, returning to find his company car being taken back. In addition, his credit cards no longer work, he has been blocked from the joint checking account he has with his wife, and his phone service is terminated. When the police ask him to vacate the premises, Nick gets them to contact his AA sponsor, Detective Frank Garcia (Michael Pea), who provides him with a permit for a yard sale, allowing him three more days before he must move on. Nick gets a neighborhood boy, Kenny (Christopher Jordan Wallace), to help him sell his possessions, assuring Kenny he will pay him for the help, and also that he will teach him to play baseball. The first day's sale is unsuccessful as Nick is unwilling to let items go. Nick meets his new neighbor Samantha (Rebecca Hall), and invites her to his backyard. There, he tells her that he had been sober for six months until attending a conference in Denver, during which he had gotten blackout drunk with a female coworker; he awoke with no memory of the night before, and soon learned that she had lodged a complaint against him, setting the stage for his firing. Nick then finds a yearbook with a friendly message from an old classmate, Delilah (Laura Dern), whom he tracks down and visits. The reunion is awkward, but Delilah nevertheless gives Nick a hug and tells him that he is a good person deep down. Now completely broke, Nick has to go without alcohol and soon experiences withdrawal. Samantha gives him a Valium and tells him that he needs help. He replies that she is no better than him because she puts up with her husband's drinking and frequent absences. Samantha storms off, angry and hurt. The next morning Nick awakes to find Kenny has arranged his belongings on the lawn and has put price tags on them. Most of the things get sold by that evening. Nick apologizes to Samantha, who admits that he was right and that she had told her husband to come home or get a divorce. She, Nick and Kenny then go out to dinner. During dinner Nick encounters his supervisor, who explains that the incident in Denver probably did not happen since the female employee he got drunk with tried blackmailing other employees, and that Nick probably would have gotten his job back if he had not slashed the supervisor's tires. Nick expresses little reaction to this news, but when the supervisor leaves a glass of beer in the restroom, Nick takes it back to him without drinking a drop. After dinner, Nick meets with Frank, and learns his wife has been staying with Frank ever since she left him. It is also divulged that both Nick and his wife were recovering alcoholics, and his wife was successful in her giving up the addiction, whereas he was not. Frank and Nick have a fight, and after it is over Frank explains to Nick that his wife deserves a better life with someone who is sober. He gives Nick the divorce papers for him to sign, along with some money and a key to the house. Nick tells Frank to drop him off on the nearest curb and he walks home the rest of the way, at one point stopping to look into the convenience store where he regularly bought beer, but moves on. The next day, he gives away the last items he did not sell and shares a hug with Samantha.
tt0070723
Crime,Mystery,Sci-Fi
In the year 2022, the population has grown to 40 million people in New York City alone. Most housing is dilapidated and overcrowded, and the homeless fill the streets and line the fire escapes, stairways of buildings, abandoned cars, subway platforms, etc. Unemployment is at around 50%. Summers are oppressively hot and humid with temperatures over 90F degrees during the day and night due to Earth's recent climate change resulting from the Greenhouse Effect. Food, as we know it in this present time, is a rare and expensive commodity. Most of the World's population survives on processed rations produced by the massive Soylent Corporation, including Soylent Red and Soylent Yellow, which are advertised as "high-energy vegetable concentrates". The newest product is Soylent Green: small green wafers which are advertised as being produced from "high-energy plankton". It is much more nutritious and palatable than the red and yellow varieties but, like most other foods, in short supply which often leads to weekly food riots. Robert Thorn (Charlton Heston) is a New York City Police Department detective from the 14th Precinct who lives in a dilapidated, cramped one-room apartment with his aged friend and roommate, Solomon "Sol" Roth (Edward G. Robinson, in his last film). Roth is a former college professor whose job is to sort through the now-disordered remnants of written records and books to help Thorn's investigations. Roth and his like are known as "books." He tells Thorn about the time before the ecological disaster and population crisis of the early 2000s, when real food was plentiful, although Thorn is generally not interested in the stories, finding most of them too hard to believe. Thorn is assigned to investigate the murder of William R. Simonson (Joseph Cotten), a 68-year-old wealthy lawyer living in a luxury high-rise apartment building called Chelsea Towers West. At the crime scene, Thorn first talks with the building superintendent Charles (Philip Stone) about discovering the body. Charles leads Thorn to the 22nd floor and to Simonson's apartment which is 22A. Thorn finds Simonson lying in a pool of blood after having been struck multiple times in the back of the head with a sharp object which is speculated to be a meat hook or an ax. Instead of looking for clues, the poorly paid detective helps himself to the wealthy man's food, liquor and books and even enjoys taking a shower (with real hot water and soap). He questions Shirl (Leigh Taylor-Young), an attractive 23-year-old "concubine" (euphemistically known as "furniture") who comes with the apartment, and Simonson's bodyguard, Tab Fielding (Chuck Connors), who claims that he was told to escort Shirl on a shopping trip when the attack took place. The sanitation crew led by Wagner arrives to take Simonson's dead body away, as Thorn leaves after collecting a statement from Fielding. Returning to his apartment, Thorn gives Roth the Soylent Oceanographic Survey Report, 2015 to 2019, a two-volume work which he took from Simonson's apartment. Thorn returns to work at the 14th Precinct during that evening where they're hundreds of people lining up to collect death benefit money from recently diseased friends and family members. Thorn talks to his superior officer, Lieutenant Hatcher (Brock Peters), telling him that he suspects it may have been an assassination, since nothing was stolen from the apartment and the murder seemed professional. Thorn also finds it odd that the luxury apartment's sophisticated alarm and monitoring electronics, including the building's security cameras, happened to be inoperative on the night of the murder, and his bodyguard just happened to be out of the apartment at the time. Thorn confides in Lt. Hatcher that he suspects that Fielding might have had something to do with Simonson's murder. The next day, Thorn stakes out Fielding's apartment building and sees him leave. Thorn lets himself into Fielding's apartment where he questions Fielding's live-in "furniture", Martha (Paula Kelly), about his work for Simonson. Thorn returns to his own apartment to eat an evening meal of the purloined food taken from Simonson's apartment that Roth prepares for them. Afterwards, Roth tells Thorn about the research he did on the murder victim and that Simonson was a member of the board of directors of the Soylent Corporation. When he presents Roth with a spoon of strawberry jam surreptitiously palmed from Fielding's apartment, Roth tastes it and declares that Fielding's "furniture" is eating some "$150-a-jar" strawberry jam, which is an out-of-place luxury for the mistress of a bodyguard. That evening, Thorn returns to the Chelsea Towers West to question Shirl, who tells him that Simonson became deeply troubled in the days before his death, even taking her to church. Shirl is throwing a party in Simonson's vacant apartment for the other "furniture" girls of the building. Just then, Charles arrives and begins yelling and hitting the women for slacking off until Thorn arrives back in the living room to stop Charles from hurting the girls anymore. After sending Charles and the rest of the furniture girls away, Thorn returns to Shirl and they make love. A little later that same evening, Thorn goes to a local Catholic Church (teeming with hundreds of homeless people) and attempts to question the priest (Lincoln Kirkpatrick) about Simonson's confession, but the priest is almost catatonic with exhaustion and has a hard time remembering Simonson, even though Simonson, as a rich man, would have stood out among the impoverished people who normally frequent the church. When the priest remembers Simonson, he tells Thorn the memory of what Simonson told him was haunting him, and is unable to describe what Simonson said to him because it was "too horrible". The next day, Fielding goes to the church and murders the priest to ensure he never talks again. The next morning, as Thorn begins uncovering more evidence as to why Simonson was murdered, New York State's Governor, Joseph Santini (Whit Bissell), who was once Simonson's partner in a high-profile law firm and who is running for re-election (as shown in the campaign posters on such walls as that of Hatcher's office), instructs Hatcher to close the investigation. However, Thorn continues his investigation into the murder. When Governor Santini learns that Thorn refuses to close the case of the Simonson murder, he orders his chief of security, Donovan (Roy Jensen), to have Thorn murdered. When Thorn is on riot duty during the Tuesday distribution of Soylent Green rations, Simonson's murderer, Gilbert (Stephen Young), a local assassin-for-hire whom was the one that Donovan contracted to murder Simonson, attacks Thorn and fires several shots at him with a silenced pistol as a food riot begins. Thorn chases his attacker into the thick crowd as large dump trucks called "scoops" designed by the NYC Riot Police, arrive to pick up closely packed rioters and "scoop" them into the trucks. But before Thorn can capture Gilbert, who manages to wound Thorn by shooting him in his right calf, the assassin is crushed to death under the "scoop" of one of the riot control vehicles. Thorn goes back to Fielding's apartment and beats him and his mistress Martha for the attempt on his life. Thorn then goes back to Shirl at Simonson's apartment where she removes the bullet and stitches his wound. Shirl tells Thorn that a new tenant will be arriving soon at the apartment and is hoping to move in, but she has romantic feelings for Thorn. Thorn tells Shirl that he will let her know if she wants to stay with him or the new tenant of Simonson's apartment. After resting for about an hour, Thorn leaves the apartment into the evening as sirens for the nightly curfew begin sounding. Sometime later a new potential tenant, a brash high-class businessman, arrives at the apartment and questions Shirl about herself and describes his daily details should he decide move in and want to keep her as "furniture". Meanwhile, Roth examines Soylent's oceanographic reports at the Supreme Exchange, a library and gathering place for fellow "books." The "books" and Roth finally realize that the reports indicate a "horrible" truth which, despite reading it for themselves, they find nearly impossible to believe; Soylent Green isn't made from plankton, it's made from human bodies. Unable to live with what he has uncovered, Roth opts for assisted suicide at a government clinic (in the former Madison Square Garden, which had been converted to a clinic for mass euthanasia), a process referred to as "going home". As Roth is dying, he watches video clips of Earth long ago when animal (sheep, deer, and horses) and plant life was thriving and there was no pollution, while listening to light classical music. Thorn returns to his apartment and finds a note from Roth that he is "going home". Thorn races to the clinic and forces one staff attendant (Dick Van Patten) to allow him to see and talk to Roth. During Roth's final moments, he tells Thorn the secret of Soylent Green, and begs him to follow his body to the processing center, and report back to the "Supreme Exchange". Thorn sneaks into the basement of the assisted suicide facility, where he sees corpses being loaded onto waste disposal trucks. He secretly hitches a ride on one, which is driven to a heavily guarded waste disposal plant just outside the city. The black-clad sanitation drivers are escorted at gunpoint out of the truck where a white-clad plant worker takes over driving. The sanitation worker is escorted to another truck leaving the fortress-like facility to drive back to the city. Once inside the plant, Thorn sees how the corpses are processed into Soylent Green wafers. They are loaded onto a conveyor belt and driven through a large machine about several hundred yards long, and the Soylent Green wafers come out on the other end. But Thorn is spotted by two plant workers and is chased. Thorn kills one and subdues another before he escapes from the plant just when the alarm is sounded. Thorn returns to the teeming city and heads for the Supreme Exchange to report what he found, but is ambushed by Fielding and three other gunmen (all of whom presumably work for the government and are also aware and are trying to conceal the secret about Soylent Green). Thorn manage to get to a police payphone and call Shirl to tell her that he loves her and to stay with the new tenant whom wants to rent Simonson's vacant apartment. Thorn also manages to place a second call to Lt. Hatcher at the 14th Precinct to tell him where he is and that he is being attacked, but then gets cut off when the assassins close in. During a chase through the deserted streets and alleys (cleared of people because of the government-imposed dusk to dawn curfew), Thorn manages to kill all the gunmen chasing him except for Fielding who shoots Thorn in the back. He retreats into a cathedral filled with homeless people and Fielding follows him. After a desperate fight through throngs of sleeping homeless, Thorn kills Fielding by stabbing him with a rusted kitchen knife. When police backup arrives at the church, the seriously wounded and nearly hysterical Thorn confides to Lt. Hatcher the horrible secret behind Soylent Green, while Hatcher looks on with disbelief. As Thorn is being carried away by the police on a stretcher to a local hospital, he urges to Hatcher to spread the word and shouts out to the spectators: "Soylent Green is PEOPLE!! We've got to stop them... SOMEHOW!!!"
tt0292644
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The film takes place at the fictional Camden College, a liberal arts school in northeastern New Hampshire and it set in the late 1980s. The opening sequence introduces the three main characters - Lauren Hynde (Shannyn Sossamon), Paul Denton (Ian Somerhalder), and Sean Bateman (James Van Der Beek), in turn. They are three college students at an "End of the World" party, and although they don't interact at the party, they share a certain apathetic perspective. Lauren is at the crowded dorm party trying to lose her virginity. She wants to go to bed with Victor, her stylish dreamdate, but is settling for Raymond, the handsome film student who can't keep his eyes off other girls' breasts long enough to get her into bed. They finally go upstairs, passing Sean along the way. Sean watches with them leave with the dark look that only a spurned lover can generate, tearing up what appear to be love letters as they go. Upstairs, Lauren takes Raymond into a friend's room rather than her own and feeds him a joint, then passes out on the bed before they can go further. She wakes up getting fucked from behind, but doesn't seem particularly upset about it. Then she realizes that Joel is filming the whole episode on his vid camera and her sex partner is a 'Townie' from the party. She's still not too upset, sort of resigned. Then the door to the room bursts open and two other guys stumble in looking for a place to stash their keg of beer, Joel complains about his 'light', the Townie starts to climax and then pukes at the same time all over Lauren's back. Suddenly the film goes into rewind. (Note: If you're totally turned off at this point, stop reading. If you're only fairly disgusted, but intrigued, this opening scene sets the tone for the whole film.) We "rewind" downstairs to the party where we meet Paul, a very pretty and confident young guy who's obviously at least bisexual from first glance. He's chatting up with some other guys and has a vibe going with one of them. He suggests the two of them retire upstairs for some dope, but when they get up to the other guy's room and Paul puts the moves on, the other guy chickens out, punches Paul a few times and throws him out of his room while loudly defending his heterosexuality. Paul lies humiliated on the hall floor and has a cigarette, mentioning in voice over that his date of moments before came out of the closet a year later and became a huge queen while slagging Paul's virility. Rewind downstairs again to meet Lara (Jessica Biel), Lauren's roommate and the resident "dumb-blonde" sex queen party-girl who seems to live for getting messed up and then laid. We learn in voice-over that she does the entire football team the next year, but years later is a Senator's wife with four kids. Finally we meet Sean, who's sporting evidence of a recent beating, though it's impossible to tell if he was the winner. He looks like he didn't come off too bad at least. He does his own voice-over, a recurring trend. He complains that he rarely feels any true emotions himself (classic sociopath symptom), but enjoys vibing off other peoples' as an 'emotional vampire'. He can project a dark intensity and focus that women find very intriguing. Sean finishes ripping up the letters and notices a pretty young blonde girl (Kate Bosworth) across the room. He catches her eye and holds her attention as he walks across the room to her, noting the sexual promise of her lips. The blonde thinks she recognizes him and in fact Sean thinks he fucked her the first week of school, several months ago, but he introduces himself as 'Peter the first-year'. He says it with the tone of one both utterly confident in his lie, and utterly amused at his own blatant audacity. The blonde is hooked and she introduces herself as Kelly. Sean and Kelly go upstairs and hit the sack. Kelly's turned on and completely drunk but Sean's having trouble maintaining interest - something's missing. He finally realizes this is the first time in ages he's had sex while not drunk. End Credits. Rewind WAY back to near the beginning of first term at the college months earlier. Lauren walks through campus, Sean wakes up under a tree surrounded by beer cans. Sean goes up to his campus mailbox and picks up a love letter. It obviously is one of a series of anonymous love-notes, and Sean's really getting off on them. Not the idea of love, or loving someone, but that someone loves HIM. Then he goes to see his drug connection, a distributor in the local town. This guy Rupert may be small college town, but he's a serious drug dealer who sniffs too much of his own product and hates a debtor, while Sean still owes from last year. However, Sean manages to bs his way out of a beating and into an advance on some coke to deal on campus. Sean goes to the campus canteen for some food but it doesn't meet his approval, so he scowls at the girl serving him and dumps the whole tray in the garbage. We catch up on Lara and Lauren, new roommates, and learn that Lauren is definitely a virgin and saving herself for Victor Johnson, her former boyfriend, currently attending college in Europe. Lauren has a book full of venereal disease photos to help distract herself from her raging hormones and deny temptation. The Start of the World night party, a wickerman rip-off in some field near the college. Paul goes vamping up to Mitchell (Thomas Ian Nicholas) (the same guy who will beat up Paul later), a fairly straight guy who obviously had at least a one night stand with Paul and now wants to sweep it under the rug. He practically runs away from Paul and into the arms of Candice (Clare Kramer), a fellow student who's looking for some action and isn't shy about it. She invites Paul along for a threesome and Mitchell almost has a heart attack, but Paul bows out, much to Mitchell's relief. Paul wants Mitch to himself or not at all. Sean sits in Marc's (Fred Savage in a hilarious and unrecognizable cameo) room, trying to collect some drug money he's owed. Unfortunately for Sean, Marc's too distracted with lying on his bed naked, shooting smack between his toes and smoking up while playing the clarinet. Badly. Sean shows up at the party looking for some beer and distracton from his troubles and catches Paul's eye. Paul invites him out for Mexican the next night, only getting Sean's attention by offering to pay. Sean agrees but is too uninterested in the whole conversation to catch that Paul's hoping for a hookup. The next morning, Saturday, Lauren wakes up studiously early and gets properly ready for her morning philosophy class, arriving at the class room early. Sean wakes late, smokes a joint, hits the crapper, puts on dark sunglasses and stumbles over towards class. Lauren finds the young Professor Lawson (Eric Stoltz) sleeping off a drunk in his office behind the class and delightedly sneaks a couple pulls on the joint still smoldering on his desk before leaving. She runs into Sean in the hallway outside class and tells him it's cancelled, where his rough uncaring confidence catches her fancy, and her obvious attraction catches his attention. Lauren wanders away leaving Sean wondering if she's his mystery pen-pal. That night... ANOTHER PARTY. Actually, the Saturday night pre-party party. Lauren decides enough is enough, she's going to get rid of her pesky virginity and Sean's the man. Unfortunately, Sean doesn't show right away. Meanwhile, Paul is increasingly infatuated with the idea of getting together with Sean, convincing himself that the feeling must be somewhat mutual. He's getting ready for their 'date' when some of Paul's more flagrantly gay friends burst in and shanghai Paul into helping take another od'ing friend of theirs to the hospital. Everyone's freaking out on the ride to the hospital except for Paul, who's much more worldly than the others and convinced their friend is just passed out. He's right. When they get to the hospital a jaded doctor who's sick of having drunken students stumble into his Emerg takes one look and starts calmly pretending that the guy's dead, just to freak the others out. However, the guy wakes up and his gay friends drag him back out to the car, much to Paul's annoyance and disgust at their naivete. At the party, Sean finally arrives just in time to run into Paul, who apologizes for missing their dinner date. Sean has no clue what he's talking about, but agrees to go up to Paul's room on an offer of some dope to smoke. Lara and Lauren see them go, but don't believe Sean could possibly be leaving to sleep with Paul. Lauren leaves the party with Prof. Lawson for lack of her first choice and goes back to his office, where she's nervous and uncomfortable. Lawson sleazily insinuates that he can't sleep with her for fear of his tenure but he hears much of her oral skills. Lauren obliges without protest, although it's obviously her first time. In Paul's room, Sean smokes up and watches porn while ignoring his host, while Paul fantasizes about making out with Sean. The next morning they're still there, interrupted by a phone call from Paul's mother. Sean leaves, 'borrowing' a number of Paul's cds at the same time, while Paul agrees to meet his mom and some family friends for dinner. Sean picks up another love note at his mail box - this one just says 'Tonight's the night'. He's more convinced then ever that Lauren his secret admirer. Paul meets his mother (Faye Dunaway) at an upscale hotel in town for dinner, where his childhood friend Richard "Dick" Jared (Russell Sams) bursts into the hotel room where Paul's staying. Dick is strikingly handsome, wildly gay, just plain wild, and obviously had a thing with Paul when they were younger. One thing Paul looks upon fondly with nostalgia but would like to leave behind. Dick swigs straight from a bottle of bourbon and tries to seduce Paul until their respective mothers burst in. Paul's mother and Dick's mother (Swoosie Kurtz) are surprised, slightly tipsy themselves, but also clueless. These women are rich, oblivious, shallow, and utterly unable to deal with their children. Luckily for Paul's mother he's reasonably responsible, at least with his own life. Dick's mother is getting dragged along behind a wild stallion. The older women leave the boys to get ready for dinner, the boys go wild for 15 minutes. Paul phones the dorm to speak to Sean, who's completely indifferent and eventually hangs up on him. Paul finally allows himself to believe that any mutual attraction was only in his mind. Back at the hotel restaurant, Dick lounges gorgeously and sucks back drinks while disrupting any attempt at conversation, until finally he storms off in a pretend huff when he gets bored. The mothers deal with this by discussing their respective car colors. Paul orders his mother another drink when she can't make up her mind without someone else's help. The next party - Dress to Get Fucked. People run around in various simple erotic costumes and states of undress. Lauren has definitely decided to give herself to Sean, much to her friend Lara's secret jealous rivalry. Sean is at the party, wearing his usual sweater and chinos, eating 'shrooms, looking for Lauren and looking for sex, but she's not there. However, Lara is in a baby-doll, looking to bag Sean before Lauren can. Next thing Sean knows, he and Lara are on her bed going at it. Lara's enjoying things and oblivious, while Sean completely wasted on 'shrooms. He can only enjoy himself by covering Lara's face with his hand so he can't see her, and imagining Lauren in her place. After he cums Sean falls off the bed, then vows not to do 'shrooms again. At least not while looking to get laid. In a dorm bathroom, an unknown girl prepares to commit suicide. She climbs in a tub of warm water and slits her wrists, doing it right. There's pain, then eventually she drifts off, sifting through her memories as she does so. It becomes clear that THIS is Sean's secret admirer. She's the girl from the canteen who saw him every day at meal time, watched from afar at every party, never approached him, and was never noticed at all. Then she saw him leave the party with Lara. Lauren returns to her room, while Sean's pulling up his pants. Sean tries to recover by claiming 'I only slept with her (Lara) because I love you'. Lauren staggers out and into the bathroom, where she discovers the suicide. The next morning an ambulance takes away the body and Sean tries to make up with Lauren, even though they never really had a relationship at all as far as she's concerned. No one knows about the love notes and their true author of course. Lauren blows him off. After failing to make a dent in Lauren's refusal, in frustration Sean tries to hang himself in his room, though he's obviously not really trying and just pulls the hook out of the ceiling. Then he downs all the aspirin and Nyquil he has in his bedside table, but just wakes up the next morning having puked all over himself and wet the bed. This snaps him out of the funk and he then manages to lure Lauren to his room in a moment of her weakness and potential forgiveness, just so he can fake a suicidal slit-throat in front of her, then yell Surprise!. She's non-plussed and decides Sean's a bit psycho and she definitely wants nothing to do with him. Sean gets no more love notes. Lauren's ex-boyfriend Victor (remember him?) (Kip Pardue)... returns from Europe and regales Sean and Mitchell at a diner with a two-minute montage of his travels, mostly involving taking assorted drugs in different cities, seducing attractive women, and masturbating in their presence in lieu of sex. Oh, and he almost had a threesome with a couple of terrorist swingers who subsequently bomb a tourist attraction. Victor and Mitch want some cocaine from Sean, but he says he needs to go meet his connection to get it. Victor doesn't trust Sean (he's no idiot) and after paying the $300 tag insists that Mitchell go along to ensure that Sean doesn't just pocket the cash. Sean insists on taking Mitchell's new Mercedes and driving, and Mitchell agees (he's an idiot). They get to Rupert's house (remember him?) (Clifton Collins, Jr.) and head inside, much to Mitchell's consternation (he's a lite-weight), where the drug dealer's having a little get-together with some very large bouncer-type friends. Rupert's in the kitchen sawing up bricks of marijuana with an electric knife. He isn't too impressed with the $300 since Sean owes him $3k, and Rupert's enforcer picks up a baseball bat to do some damage until Sean points at Mitch and says those immortal words: "He's got it." Rupert's so coked up he actually believes this, and all his heavy friends are converging on the kitchen for a bruising, while Mitchell freaks and denies everything. Much to everyone's surprise, Sean then relents and admits that Mitch doesn't have any money, then quickly jumps Rupert and manages to grab the knife in the scuffle. Mitchell and Sean escape out the back door before Rupert can shoot them, Mitchell squealing like a little girl. Sean also drives back to the university because he kept the car keys. The entire thrill ride has been a high for Sean and he's stoked and laughing his head off, while Mitchel is traumatized and practically wetting himself. Sean leaves Mitch cowering in his car with the coke Sean promised, which was in his jacket all along. Lauren hears that Victor is back and perks up, prettying herself for a trip his room with Lara's help while staring at Victor's picture. She leaves to finally take care of business. Sean catches up with her along the way and confronts Lauren again, trying to pry some caring from her by revealing that he attempted suicide for real before he faked it. Sean also confronts her with the love notes and how he's knows how she feels about him, but Lauren's just confused and of course denies having any idea what he's talking about. She also makes it clear that she's now convinced that no one can ever know anyone. Lauren stalks off through the snow to meet Victor, while Sean is left standing frustrated and bereft, unsure whether she's telling the truth or not. At Victor's dorm, Lauren walks in fluffing her hair and laughing to herself at Sean's bizarre behavior, knocks on Victor's door, and gives him a big kiss immediately upon opening. Victor is startled and doesn't recognize her, while Lauren doesn't really listen to what he's saying and breezily forgives him for not calling her to say he was back from Europe. Victor starts to pretend that he completely remembers Lauren, then realizes that no, he actually has no idea who this girl is. Victor's door glides open further to reveal a blonde in lingerie bouncing on his bed, who gestures at Lauren to come in. Victor asserts his complete ignorance as to who Lauren is and she stumblingly apologizes for the mistake and staggers away in apparent confusion. (We are left in confusion - Victor comes off as innocent and Lauren guilty in their encounter, so was he really an old boyfriend and he's completely forgotten her (believable for Victor)? Or did Lauren just fantasize their whole relationship in her months of fetishizing the idea of giving herself to him? Who knows?) Sean goes to his mail box, seemingly hoping for another letter but not really expecting one and meets up with Rupert and his enforcer waiting to administer a beating. Sean almost gets away but fails, receiving his lumps. Christmas time, the End of the World party, the ending where we came in at the beginning. Sean stands in the hall holding his letters and his aches, while all our other players occupy their starting places. He tears up the letters, but instead of eyeing the blonde, turns around and walks out of the party. We flash to outside the dorm house and out walks Lauren, to discover Paul sitting on the porch. One provides smokes, the other a light, and they start walking across the dark campus. (At this point you have no idea whether after Sean walked out the events from the opening sequence actually happened or not.) Paul asks Lauren about the letters and she once again denies knowledge. Paul just shrugs. They come across the parking lot, where Sean has been sitting in the darkness on his old motorcycle, watching them walk across the campus. He roars off through the slush and snow as they watch. Sean roars down the highway, musing only about what waits moments down the road. Depending on how much you sympathize with him, he is either in denial of his pain, or this is further evidence of his sociopathy and how little any of the previous events actually affected him.
tt0120844
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
Lieutenant Commander Data (Brent Spiner) is temporarily transferred to an undercover mission observing the peaceful Ba'ku people. While on their planet, he malfunctions and reveals the presence of the joint Federation-Son'a task force observing the Ba'ku. Admiral Matthew Dougherty (Anthony Zerbe) contacts the USS Enterprise-E to obtain Data's schematics but adamantly states that the Enterprise is not needed. Captain Jean-Luc Picard (Patrick Stewart) decides to ignore those orders and takes the Enterprise to capture Data. After stopping Data, Picard becomes suspicious of Dougherty's orders that the Enterprise is not needed. His crew investigates the cause of Data's malfunction. They discover that the Ba'ku have advanced technology, but have rejected its use to live simpler lives. On account of a unique metaphasic radiation emanating from their planet's rings, they are effectively immortal. Dougherty's allies, the Son'a, are a decrepit race who use medical techniques to prevent death; their excessive use of cosmetic surgery gives them a mummified appearance. The Enterprise crew also begin to experience the rejuvenating effect of the planet; Lieutenant Commander Geordi LaForge (LeVar Burton) finds his eyes have regenerated and he no longer needs ocular implants; Commander William Riker (Jonathan Frakes) and Counselor Deanna Troi (Marina Sirtis) rekindle their long-abandoned relationship; and Picard develops a relationship with the Ba'ku woman Anij (Donna Murphy). Picard and Data discover a submerged and cloaked Federation spacecraft containing a gigantic holodeck recreation of the Ba'ku village. Data's malfunction stems from a Son'a attack, received when he discovered the vessel. Picard confronts Dougherty and learns that high-ranking Federation officers and the Son'a secretly planned to deceptively move the Ba'ku to the spacecraft and forcibly relocate them to another planet, allowing the Son'a to collect the rejuvenating radiation (but poisoning the planet in the process). Dougherty orders the Enterprise to leave. Picard states the rejuvenating benefits of the radiation does not justify Dougherty's plans for the Ba'ku and violates the Prime Directive. He plans to alert the Federation of the forced relocation. Picard is joined by some of the crew to help the Ba'ku escape from being abducted while Riker takes the Enterprise far enough from the Briar Patch to communicate the violation to Starfleet. The Son'a send robotic probes to locate and capture the fleeing Ba'ku. The Son'a leader, Ahdar Ru'afo (F. Murray Abraham), convinces Dougherty to allow two Son'a ships to attack the Enterprise. Riker defeats the attacking ships and the Enterprise escapes. Their plan exposed, Ru'afo insists upon harvesting the radiation source immediately. Picard, Anij, and several Ba'ku inhabitants are transported onto the Son'a flagship. Picard reveals to Dougherty that the Son'a and the Ba'ku are the same race and involving the Federation in a blood feud. The Son'a are a splinter faction of the Ba'ku who gave up their bucolic existence a century earlier to embrace the use of technology. They attempt to seize power but failed, and the Ba'ku elders exiled them from the planet, denying them the rejuvenating effects of the rings. The Son'a develop an artificial and imperfect means to extend their lives at the cost of disfigurement. Ru'afo kills Admiral Dougherty when he backs out of the plan and Ru'afo proceeds with his plan. While Picard is escorted to be executed, he convinces the Son'a officer Gallatin to help him stop Ru'afo. Picard masterminds a ruse to transport Ru'afo and his bridge crew to the holoship and shut down the radiation harvester. Ru'afo discovers the deception and transports himself to the harvester spacecraft to manually restart the process. Picard follows and sets the harvester to self-destruct, which kills Ru'afo while Picard is rescued by the Enterprise. The remaining Son'a are forgiven and welcomed back by the Ba'ku. Picard arranges a meeting between Gallatin and his Ba'ku mother. The Enterprise crew take a moment to enjoy their rejuvenated selves before returning to their previous mission.
tt0082089
Crime,Drama,Romance
Mary Ann Simpson (Kathleen Turner) and Matty Tyler (Kim Zimmer) graduate together from Wheaton High School in Illinois. According to the yearbook, Mary Ann's goal is to be rich and live in an exotic land. She pursues her goal in a calculated, manipulative, and ruthless manner that includes a switch of identities. The following synopsis describes events in chronological order, but the viewer learns many of the events only at the end of the movie. Mary Ann Simpson gets involved in bad things after high school, but then sets her sights on wealthy Edmund Walker (Richard Crenna). She knows Walker will not marry her if he finds out about her past. She decides to adopt the identity of her high school classmate Matty Tyler. As Matty Tyler, she arranges to meet Edmund Walker. They get married and move to a waterfront estate in Pine Haven, Florida. Edmund travels frequently and is involved in many business dealings, including an investment in an abandoned beachfront hotel nearby. Edmund's will leaves much of his estate to his niece. Matty Tyler Walker (the real Mary Ann) knows that if his will is invalidated for any reason, she would inherit all his estate as the surviving spouse under state law of intestacy. Matty devises a plan to murder Edmund and get all of his estate. To carry out the plan, she must find an attorney to commit the murder and forge a new, invalid will. She will then implicate the attorney as the murderer and kill him in what looks like an accident to end any further investigation. Ned Racine (William Hurt) is a slightly disreputable attorney. One of the wills he drafted was invalidated and he was sued for legal malpractice. His best friends are prosecutor Peter Lowenstein (Ted Danson) and detective Oscar Grace (J.A. Preston). At a party, Matty Tyler Walker meets an attorney who tells her about the legal malpractice case against Ned. Matty decides that Ned is the perfect target for her scheme. Matty arranges to meet Ned and they begin a hot affair. She eventually talks Ned into murdering Edmund. Ned gets advice on arson devices from his client Teddy Lewis (Mickey Rourke). Matty asks Ned to change Edmund's will and forge his signature. He refuses because he thinks it will attract attention. As the murder plans develop, Ned makes a surprise visit to see Matty and finds another woman meeting with Matty. Matty introduces her as "Mary Ann Simpson," but unknown to Ned (or to the viewer) she is actually the real Matty Tyler. The real Matty Tyler has learned about Matty Tyler Walker's deception and is blackmailing her. Matty Tyler Walker must now alter her plans to also get rid of the real Matty. On the night Edmund is to be killed, Ned goes to Miami and checks into a motel to give himself an alibi. He then drives back to Edmund and Matty's house and murders Edmund. He takes Edmund's body to the abandoned beachfront hotel and sets it on fire, hoping to make it look like Edmund tried to commit arson and was accidentally killed in the process. While Ned is gone setting the fire, Matty telephones the front desk of Ned's motel repeatedly and asks to speak with Ned. The front desk rings Ned's room but no one answers. Matty knows that Ned is not there and that his failure to answer the telephone calls will destroy his alibi. After the murder and the fire, Ned is shocked to learn that Matty changed the will and made it appear that Ned was involved. The redrafted will is invalid and, as a result, all of Edmund's estate passes to Matty. When Edmund's estate is eventually settled, Matty sends all the money to a secret bank account overseas. Oscar Grace and Peter Lowenstein investigate Edmund's death. They learn that Edmund's body was discovered without his glasses. If his glasses are found elsewhere, it would suggest he was murdered elsewhere and his body then taken to the hotel. They also discover the motel telephone records that show Ned did not stay in his Miami motel room the night of the death. They reluctantly begin to suspect their friend Ned. Meanwhile, Matty Tyler Walker has developed a revised plan that will get rid of both Ned and the real Matty. The first part involves a made-up story that her former housekeeper has Edmund's missing glasses and is threatening to turn them over to the police unless she is paid off. If the glasses are kept from the police, there would still be a chance that Edmund's death would be ruled an accident rather than a homicide. The second part of the plan is to murder the real Matty and place her body in the boat house at her estate. The third part is to send Ned to the boat house on the pretext of recovering the glasses. The boat house will be rigged to explode a few seconds after the door is opened. Before Matty can fully execute her plan, Ned happens to meet the attorney who originally told Matty about him. Ned suspects he has been set up. Then Teddy Lewis tells Ned that Matty had asked him questions about rigging a delayed explosion. Matty Tyler Walker murders the real Matty Tyler and puts her body in the boat house. She then calls Ned and tells him the housekeeper has been paid off and has left the glasses in the boat house. Matty asks Ned to go to the boat house and pick them up. Ned goes to the the boat house, carefully inspects it, and sees the trip wire on the door. Matty arrives, expecting to find the boat house destroyed with the bodies of Ned and the real Matty inside. She is startled to see Ned alive and the boat house intact. Ned tells Matty that he has learned the truth. Matty denies it and swears that she really does love him. To prove his suspicions are unfounded, Matty says she will go down to the boat house by herself. Matty opens the boat house door and then, unknown to Ned, secretly dives into the water and swims away. The boat house explodes a few seconds later. The dental records confirm that the real Matty Tyler's body was in the boat house. The police believe that Matty Tyler Walker and Ned were responsible for Edmund's death and that Matty Tyler Walker was killed in the boat house fire. Ned is charged with Edmund's murder and convicted. The fake Matty retrieves the money from the overseas account and moves to an exotic land. While in prison, Ned obtains a copy of the Wheaton High School yearbook and his suspicions about the switched identities are confirmed when he sees the photos of Mary Ann and Matty. He knows that Mary Ann Simpson/Matty Tyler Walker has succeeded in achieving her high school goal.
tt0318649
Action,Adventure,Comedy
The film begins with a prologue set in Richmond, Virginia in 1865, showing the ironclad CSS Texas, carrying the last of the Confederacys treasury, as Captain Adrian Tombs (Robert Cavanah) tries to run a Union blockade. The film then moves to the present day, circa 1990s, where World Health Organization doctors Eva Rojas (Penlope Cruz) and Frank Hopper (Glynn Turman) are investigating a disease that is spreading across Mali, Africa. Assassins attempt to murder Eva, but she is rescued by Dirk Pitt (Matthew McConaughey), from National Underwater and Marine Agency, who was working nearby. Dirk gets a call from a dealer in Nigeria. He sells Dirk a gold Confederate States of America coin, one of supposedly only five in existence, which was found in the Niger River. Dirk believes that this is a clue to the long-lost Texas. He convinces his boss, James Sandecker (William H. Macy), to let him, Al Giordino (Steve Zahn), and Rudi Gunn (Rainn Wilson), from NUMA, go to Mali to search. They give Eva and Hopper a ride, so that they can continue their investigation, for the WHO. Businessman Yves Massarde (Lambert Wilson) and dictator General Kazim (Lennie James), who controls half of civil-war torn Mali, try to stop the doctors from discovering the source of "plague". Kazim sends men to kill them and the NUMA team, not realizing their CIA and Navy background. Dirk, Al and Rudi survive the attack. Rudi tries to get out of the country to get help while Dirk and Al go to rescue the doctors. They save Eva, and then the three try to get across the border, but are captured by Tuareg, who are fighting the civil war. The Tuaregs leader, Madibo, shows Eva his people, who are dying. After taking samples, Eva finds that the water is contaminated. By accident, Al stumbles into a cave with a painting showing the ironclad Texas. Dirk believes that the Texas became stranded when the river water dried up after a storm and that the same river that carried the Texas now runs underground, spreading the contamination. They start to follow the dry river bed and work their way to the border. Dirk still hopes to find the ironclad along the way. Their plans are interrupted when they stumble upon the solar detoxification plant owned by Massarde, and realize that it is the source of the contamination. Rudi and Sandecker analyze their samples and find that the contamination is heading down the Niger River to the ocean, but they can't get any government help to intervene during a civil war in a sovereign country. Massarde captures Dirk and the others. He keeps Eva but sends Dirk and Al to Kazim. They escape and contact Sandecker, who warns them that Kazim and his troops are after them. Dirk and Al enlist Madibos aid to return to the plant and rescue Eva. He helps them infiltrate the plant and rescue his people who are working there as slaves. Rather than risk discovery, Massarde plans to destroy the plant, making it almost impossible to stop the contamination. Al goes to defuse the bombs while Dirk tries to head off Massarde and save Eva. Massarde escapes. Dirk, Eva, and Al get away from the plant, but are strafed by Kazim in a helicopter gunship. A series of explosions along the dry river bed reveals the Texas, right where the cave painting showed it to be. They take cover inside but Kazims ammunition is too much for the old ironclad's armor. They manage to fight back with the old cannon and destroy Kazim's gunship, just as Madibo arrives with Tuareg reinforcements. In the end the contamination is dealt with, and Sandecker is offered a deal to do some covert work, while the government serendipitously funds NUMA, which he accepts, tentatively. Massarde, busy eating with a businessman, does not notice that the waiter who serves him water (which he drinks) served only him and disappeared with the rest of the bottle. The Texas gold, which belongs to the CSA - Confederate States of America, is left with Madibos people. Later, while Al, Rudi, Sandecker are busy, Dirk and Eva are at the beach at her house on the bay in Monterey.
tt1095217
Crime,Drama
August 2005. Terrence McDonagh (Nicolas Cage), is a New Orleans Police Sergeant. While cleaning out a locker after Hurricane Katrina, he notices that a prisoner may not have been transferred. When he finds the prisoner about to drown in a pool of rising water in his cell, he mocks him savagely before eventually jumping in the water to save him. He is promoted to the rank of Lieutenant and given a medal for his work, but has suffered a serious back injury because of the rescue. As a result, he is prescribed Vicodin which he will most likely need to take for the rest of his life to manage the pain. Six months later. McDonagh is now not only addicted to painkillers, but is habitually using several other drugs including cocaine and marijuana. He has convinced a person that works in the police department property section to bring him drugs sent to the evidence room. His girlfriend Frankie Donnenfeld (Eva Mendes), a prostitute, also does cocaine and they often share drugs. Lt. McDonagh has also become estranged from his father (Tom Bower), a recovering alcoholic who can only bring himself to attend to his Alcoholic Anonymous meetings and nothing else, and his equally alcoholic stepmother (Jennifer Coolidge). Over the course of the movie, Lt. McDonagh uses his position as an officer to bully street people and steal more drugs. He also finds Frankie beaten by one of her clients, and threatens him to kill him if he ever goes near her again. Lieutenant McDonagh has been assigned to investigate a murder scene, where five illegal immigrants from Senegal were executed over a possible drug deal gone wrong. Information comes in that leads them to a delivery boy who was an auditory witness, and through his details and evidence they deduce the people were killed for selling drugs in a gang leader's neighborhood. The gang leader, Big Fate (Xzibit), has two associates: Midget and "G." They are both arrested, leading to Big Fate willingly coming to the police station with his lawyer. As they try to get enough evidence to convict Big Fate, their witness goes missing. McDonagh finds his grandmother, who works at a nursing home, and almost kills an old woman trying to find out where the witness has gone. The old woman sent him to family in England so he could avoid getting involved in gang affairs and probably be murdered on Big Fate's orders to prevent him from testifying. In addition to dealing with the murder investigation, McDonagh gets in trouble with his bookie for not paying his outstanding debts totaling $5,000. What money he had was given to a very powerful figure in the New Orleans underworld, a friend of a man McDonagh threatened earlier. He now requests an exorbitant amount of money ($50,000) as compensation, and gives McDonagh two days to get it. As a result of his treatment of the old woman, McDonagh is temporarily removed from duty by the stuffy Internal Affairs officers and placed in the evidence room. Angry, he goes to Big Fate and they become partners, with McDonagh supplying police information so he can get enough money to pay his debts to the bookie and the figurehead. McDonagh pays his bookie, and the figurehead and two accomplices are killed when they threaten McDonagh and Big Fate in the latter's home. To celebrate their partnership, McDonagh implores Big Fate to smoke pure cocaine with his "lucky crack pipe". He does, and McDonagh later plants the pipe at the Senegalese murder scene. The department uses this new evidence to arrest Big Fate and his cronies, but when they are alone, McDonagh's partner (Val Kilmer) attempts to simply kill Big Fate, as he does not want him to have the chance to escape conviction. McDonagh is outraged at the concept and arrests Big Fate, showing that despite his addictions he still performs his duty as an officer. McDonagh is promoted to Captain. One year later. Captain McDonagh appears to be sober, as a pregnant Frankie and his father and step-mother have worked their AA programs and stayed sober as well, but it turns out he is still doing cocaine. He encounters the prisoner he saved at the beginning of the film, and the man says that McDonagh saved his life, and he has been sober for almost a year, and offers to help McDonagh try to escape his own addiction. McDonagh simply asks "Do fish have dreams?" The film ends with the two men in an aquarium, sitting against a fish tank contemplating their future.
tt1612774
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
A group of people in a California desert are gathered to watch a "film". A sheriff, Chad (Stephen Spinella), points out that many moments in cinema happen for "no reason", that life is full of this "no reason", and that "this film" (presumably a dual reference to both the "film" to be watched by the assembled group and Rubber itself) is an homage to "no reason". An accountant (Jack Plotnick) then passes out binoculars to the group and rides off on a bicycle. The spectators then start looking through their binoculars into the distance, waiting for the "film" to start. Throughout the film, this group of people return in order to gauge their reactions to what has taken place so far. In the late 1990s, somewhere in a California desert, a tire named Robert suddenly comes to life. At first, it learns how to stand upright and then how to roll. It comes across a plastic water bottle and, after hesitating, crushes it. It then comes across a scorpion and crushes it. It then comes across a glass beer bottle but is unable to crush it by rolling over it. It then starts to vibrate intensely and psycho-kinetically causes the bottle to fracture. It then induces a tin can and a rabbit to explode. The tire then sees a woman (Roxane Mesquida) drive by and attempts to use its powers on her. However, it only succeeds in making her car stall. As the tire begins to roll towards her stalled car, a truck comes by and runs the tire over. This breaks the connection, allowing the woman's car to start again and she continues on her way. The tire explodes a pied crow, then finds the man that had been driving the truck which ran him over and blows up his head. Arriving in a nearby desert town, the tire comes across the woman in the car. She is staying in a motel and, after watching her shower through an open door, the tire goes into the room next to hers. After the motel maid finds the tire showering and throws it out of the room, the tire reenters the room and blows up her head. Chad, the sheriff from the opening of the movie, shows up to investigate the murders. Chad is both inside and outside the diegesis, sometimes participating in the narrative action and sometimes commenting on it. The accountant tries to end the movie early by feeding the audience a poisoned turkey, but one of them, a man in a wheelchair, does not partake and survives. The accountant then informs Chad. Chad witnesses the tire kill the motel owner (who has mistreated it) and leads the cops on a "tire hunt". Meanwhile, the accountant tries to poison the man in the wheelchair with more food, but ends up eating it himself and dying. As the tire is running from the police, it comes across a group of people burning a large pile of tires. The film then jumps to three days later showing the results of a killing spree. The cops find the tire watching an auto racing program in a house, having killed the occupants. Chad rigs a mannequin (resembling the woman the tire is interested in) with dynamite, intending for the tire to blow the mannequin's head up, thereby detonating the dynamite and destroying itself. However, when the tire destroys the mannequin's head, the dynamite does not explode. Enraged, Chad shoots and kills the tire with a shotgun, after which he gives the tire to the man in the wheelchair. A tricycle emerges from the house and kills the man in the wheelchair. The tricycle begins rolling down the road; other tires begin rolling behind it and they eventually roll to Hollywood, where the film concludes.
tt1700844
Drama,Romance
Set 'around 1950', The Deep Blue Sea tells the story of Hester Collyer, the younger wife of High Court judge Sir William Collyer, who has embarked on a passionate affair with Freddie Page, a handsome young former RAF pilot troubled by his memories of the war; that the mix of fear and excitement once in his life is missing. The majority of the film takes place during one day in Hester's flat, a day on which she has decided to commit suicide. Her attempt fails and as she recovers, the story of her affair and her married life is played out in a mosaic of short and sporadic flashbacks. We soon discover the constraints of Hester's comfortable marriage, which is affectionate but without sexual passion. As Hester's affair is discovered she leaves her life of comparative luxury and moves into a small dingy London flat with Freddie. Hester's new lover has awakened her sexuality, but the reckless, thrill-seeking Freddie can never give her the love and stability that her husband gave. Yet to return to a life without passion would be unbearable. The film takes its title from her dilemma of being between the Devil and the deep blue sea
tt0100150
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Synopsis by "Cult Movies" author Danny Peary... Aging Irishman Leo (Albert Finney) runs an unnamed eastern city during Prohibition. Leo's chief adviser - and the only man he trusts - is the intelligent, nonviolent Tommy (Gabriel Byrne). Leo controls the mayor and the chief of police. However, the Italian Johnny Caspar (Jon Polito) - whose chief henchman is the brutal, bisexual Eddie Dane (J.E. Freeman) - is becoming a threat to Leo's supremacy. Caspar tells Leo that he wants the unlikeable "Bernie" Bernbaum killed, because Bernie has been cutting into Caspar's gambling profits by selling information about fixed fights to betters. But Leo refuses to allow this because Bernie is the brother of Leo's tough mistress Verna (Marcia Gay Harden). Tommy tells Leo to allow Bernie's murder, because Verna isn't worth their going to war with Caspar. Tommy, fearing Leo's life is in danger, confesses to him that he also has been sleeping with Verna. Leo beats Tommy up and kicks him out of his organization. Caspar becomes the major power in town, taking control of the mayor and chief of police. Much to Dane's chagrin, Caspar recruits Tommy into their operation. Tommy must prove his loyalty by killing Bernie in the wilderness, at Miller's Crossing (hence the title of the movie). He allows the pleading Bernie to live, on the condition that no one finds out Bernie's still alive. Dane doesn't believe Tommy killed Bernie, so he takes him back to Miller's Crossing with the intention of finding Bernie's body. A body is there, with its face shot in. Bernie has murdered Dane's male lover, Mink - but Dane can't recognize the corpse. Bernie blackmails Tommy by saying he'll come out into the open unless Tommy helps him kill Caspar. Tommy convinces Caspar that Dane and Mink - whom Caspar thinks is still alive - are secretly selling information about Caspar's fixed fights. Before Dane can kill Tommy, Caspar brutally kills Dane. Tommy maneuvers Caspar to rendezvous with Mink; instead Caspar finds Bernie, who kills him. Tommy tells Bernie that they'll blame the murder on Dane, whom Bernie thinks is still alive. Tommy takes Bernie's gun, supposedly to hide the evidence. But then Tommy reveals that Dane is dead and, in revenge for being blackmailed, points Bernie's own gun at him. Bernie again pleads for his life, thinking Tommy hasn't got what it takes to kill anyone. Tommy blasts him between the eyes. Leo marries Verna and invites Tommy to work for him again, but Tommy turns him down. ===================================== In the opening scene, an Italian gangster named Johnny Caspar is meeting with Leo O'Bannon, the city's most powerful gangster. Caspar, with his most trusted adviser and bodyguard, the fearsome Eddie "The Dane" Dane in tow, talks to Leo about a Jewish grifter named Bernie Bernbaum, who's been selling information on boxing matches that Caspar has been "fixing". Caspar wants to kill Bernie for chiseling in on the odds he fixes for his fights. Leo refuses to allow Caspar to eliminate Bernie and Caspar leaves, furious. After he leaves, Leo gloats to his own adviser, Tom Regan, that he'd so easily angered Caspar. Tom, who owes a large sum to a bookie, Lazarre, tells Leo that he should turn Bernie over to Caspar. Leo refuses because he's romantically involved with Bernie's sister, Verna, who's only dating Leo to protect her brother. Leo, as an act of friendship, tries to pay off Tom's debt to Lazarre, but Tom refuses, not wanting to fall under the thumb of either side. Tom wakes up the next morning after a night of hard drinking and card-playing where he lost his fedora to Verna and a man named Mink (who provides Bernie with his hot tips to cheat Caspar and is also the lover of both Bernie and The Dane). Tom asks the bartender, Tad, what happened the night before & about a bet he'd laid on a horse with huge odds. Tom's horse lost and Tom now owes even more money to Lazarre. Tom tells Tad to lay yet another wager on another horse with Lazarre. Tom goes to Verna's apartment. He demands his hat but Verna won't let him in, slamming the door in his face. When he knocks again & she answers, she lets him in when he asks for a drink. The two have been having an affair behind Leo's back for some time. Leo shows up at Tom's apartment very late that night and tells Tom he can't find Verna. He'd hired a private detective, "Rug" Daniels (so named because he wears a toupee) for Verna's safety, but Verna still gave Daniels the slip and disappeared. Tom tells Leo he has no idea of Verna's whereabouts and Leo leaves. Tom goes into his bedroom where Verna is half-asleep. When she asks if Tom told Leo she was there, Tom scoffs and tells her he'd told Leo she was a tramp. Verna is instantly furious and throws something at Tom. The next day, Tom meets again with Leo at his private club. Leo is already meeting with the Mayor & O'Doul, the chief of police. Leo has given the Chief a few of Casper's speakeasy locations. He also informs Tom that Verna turned up & is downstairs Tom suggests that Leo turn over Bernie to avoid a long & destructive war in the town. Leo still refuses and appears flustered with Tom. Tom gets a drink from Tad and marches into the ladies powder room to confront Verna and tell her to stop her charade with Leo solely for Bernie's protection. The two have a violent confrontation where Verna punches Tom and he hurls his glass at her, breaking a vanity mirror. Verna storms out of the room. Tom lays another bet with a short bookie and is picked up by two of Casper's thugs, Frankie (a tall, hulking man) & TicTac (a shorter but much smarter man). They take him to Casper's club where Tom meets with Johnny himself. Casper offers to pay Tom's debt to Lazarre and adds a substantial amount to the check he writes, hoping that Tom will become his personal adviser & help him win the war against Leo. Tom rudely refuses and Casper walks out, leaving Frankie behind to beat Tom. Tom slyly hits Frankie with a chair; Frankie gets TicTac to help and the two beat Tom briefly until the police arrive to raid the club. Tom blacks out but is revived by another officer. Outside the club, Tom talks to the Chief who seems to agree with Leo's idea of turning over Bernie. Tom tells the chief to stay in line with Leo. Tom again spends the night with Verna. At Leo's house, two of Casper's hoods, armed with Thompsons, sneak inside and quietly march up the stairs to assassinate Leo. However, a fire that breaks out downstairs alerts Leo and he's able to outfox the two assassins, killing them both. A car drives by shooting at Leo, who confidently strides down the street shooting with one of the thugs' Thompsons. The car crashes, catches fire and explodes. The next night Tom goes to Leo's club office and talks to him about how Casper is becoming more aggressive and will try to kill Leo again. Tom continues to advise Leo to turn over Bernie. When Leo refuses again, Tom finally tells Leo that he's been having an affair with Verna. Leo is silent and Tom leaves his office. Out in the hallway, Leo begins to hit Tom until he falls down the stairs. Leo calls his end to his relationship with Tom "the kiss off." Tom takes another meeting with Casper, this time with Eddie Dane present. Casper reveals that he'd heard about Tom and Leo being on the outs and is enthusiastic about hiring him. However, Casper needs to know he can trust Tom first and asks him to reveal Bernie Bernbaum's location. Tom tells him and Casper sends Tom and Frankie and TicTac to the Royale Hotel where they find Bernie and drag him out to the car. Tom drives them all to Miller's Crossing, a forest outside town notorious for gangland slayings. TicTac hands Tom a pistol and tells him that he's been charged by Casper with killing Bernie. He also tells Tom to use two shots: one to put Bernie down and the second shot to Bernie's head to make sure he's dead. Tom takes Bernie into the woods. Bernie pleads with Tom to let him live, appealing to Tom's sense of decency. While he's down on his knees begging, Tom shoots, deliberately missing Bernie. When Bernie tries to thank him, Tom tells him to shut his mouth and leave town immediately. As Bernie runs, Tom fires his 2nd shot. He returns to the car, telling TicTac that he killed Bernie. Tom meets with Casper, who tells him that his own bookie, Mink Larouie, lover of both The Dane and Bernie, has mysteriously disappeared. Tom later meets Verna at a boxing club & tells her to leave town for her own safety. Back at her apartment, The Dane breaks in demanding to know where Leo is. He tells Verna that she shouldn't bother covering for Tom since Tom killed Bernie. When two of Leo's guys burst in and try to stop The Dane, he shoots one and wounds the other. The one left alive tells him where Leo is and is gunned down. Bernie sneaks into Tom's apartment and they have a short conversation. Bernie is worried that his begging for his life at Miller's Crossing will get out. He demands that Tom kill Casper, threatening to appear publicly if Casper isn't dead in a few days. Just after he walks out, Tom jumps from his window to the street, trying to catch Bernie on his way out. Bernie outsmarts Tom and kicks him in the face. Tom is picked up on the street by The Dane, TicTac and Frankie. The Dane, still suspicious of Tom, had beaten the two thugs until they'd told him they didn't personally see Bernie's body after Tom shot him. The Dane plans to take Tom out to Miller's Crossing to verify that Bernie's dead. As they walk through the woods, Tom stops and vomits on a tree. The Dane draws his pistol to kill him when TicTac suddenly finds a body. The dead man's face is covered with gunpowder burns and has been partially eaten by birds. TicTac tells The Dane that he'd heard two shots from Tom's pistol. Tom visits a washed-up boxer named Drop Johnson. Drop has been raking in a sizable amount of money -- Tom suspects that Bernie has been placing bets with Drop. Tom leaves, telling Drop to tell Bernie to get in touch with him. Across town, a man walks up to the Sons of Erin club and tosses a bomb in the front window. The bomb goes off, throwing a dead and burned man out into the street. A police sergeant uses a bullhorn to order the rest of the club's occupants to surrender. When the first man walks out, he's promptly and cruelly shot by one of the mercenaries working for the police. A gunfight erupts. At the Mayor's office, Tom meets again with Casper and they discuss Bernie's and Mink's loyalties. Tom makes a phone call that night to Bernie. He tells Bernie about the body he'd seen in the woods: Bernie acknowledges that it's Mink Larouie and that he'd deliberately planted Mink's body there as insurance for Tom. Tom decides to call Bernie on his bluff of threatening to appear publicly to indict Tom. He tells Bernie to meet him at his apartment at 4 am with $2000. At Casper's house, Tom tries to convince Casper that Mink will be meeting him at his place at 4. However, The Dane is at Casper's and threatens to kill Tom for killing Mink and leaving him in the woods -- The Dane had captured Drop Johnson and had beaten the information out of him. As he prepares to choke Tom to death, Casper hits The Dane with a fireplace shovel and finishes him off with a shot in the head. Casper vows to kill Mink at Tom's place. Right before he walks home to meet with Bernie and Casper, Tom's stopped on the street by Verna. She threatens to kill him because she believes him responsible for the death of her brother. Verna can't shoot Tom and stalks off. Tom walks back to his apartment and tells Casper's driver to leave -- he'll drive Casper home himself. As Tom walks into his building, he hears a couple of shots. Walking up the stairs, he sees Casper's head protruding through the bannister on his floor. When he reaches the top, he finds Bernie, who'd shot Casper dead. He hands his pistol off to Tom looks through Casper's pockets, finding his wallet and pockets the cash in it. Tom tells Bernie they can lay the blame for Casper's murder on The Dane and asks for Bernie's pistol. He then tells Bernie they can't pin the shooting on the already dead Dane and that it'll have to be Bernie himself that takes the fall. Bernie is shocked and drops to his knees, pleading for his life. When he tells Tom to "look in your heart" Tom replies "What heart?" and shoots Bernie through the forehead. He takes Bernie's gun and lays it in Bernie's lap, doing likewise with Casper's gun and walks into his apartment. He calls Lazarre and tells him he has the money he owes him. A few days later, a small burial his held for Bernie. Verna is present; she takes a small scoop of dirt and indifferently throws it on Bernie's coffin in it's hole. Tom arrives and walks back to Leo's car with him. As they approach the car, it leaves abruptly, Verna having told the driver to leave without Leo and Tom. Leo pleads with Tom to return to his service, promising him anything he wants. Tom turns him down and Leo walks off. As Tom watches him go, he looks slyly in Leo's direction. ===================================== MILLERS CROSSING Synopsis by Kyle Licht During the Prohibition, Tom Reagan is the right-hand man to the Irish mob boss Leo OBannon who is in rivalry with the Italian mob boss Johnny Caspar. Caspar wants the bookie Bernie Bernbaum dead but Leo offers to protect him, creating a mob battle. Leos girlfriend is Verna Bernbaum, Bernies sister, and is also sleeping with Tom. Tom is thrown in the middle of all this mob drama and double-crossing. Meanwhile, Tom owes Lazarre booking money to which Caspar offers to pay him off upon revealing the location of Bernie. Tom refuses and returns to Leo. Also, Leo has suspicions about Verna so he hires a tail, Rug, to watch her. The next morning, Rug ends up dead creating paranoia between Leo and Caspar, fueling the mob battle even more. The pressure cracks down on Tom between Leo, Caspar, Verna, and Lazarre. Caspar sends an attack on Leos house, being valiantly stopped by Leo himself. At the same time, corrupted cops and the mayor are working with Leo by offering protection if they can get leads on locating and taking down Caspar. Tom scolds Leo and hints at the affair with Verna, resulting in Tom getting beat-up and threatened to never show his face again. Tom joins Caspars forces and Caspar begins to become the more powerful mobster in the city. To prove his loyalty, Caspar demands that Tom find and kills Bernie. Through Verna, he gets Bernies location and takes him to Millers Crossing to kill him. Instead, he pretends to kill him and lets him run free. From here, tensions build between Tom and Caspars right-hand man The Dane. Then, one night after a mob hit, Bernie shows up at Toms place and Tom offers to spare his life if he meets him again at 4:00am with two thousand dollars. Bernie complies and through intelligent planning, double crosses Caspar, tricking him into meeting Bernie at that time. Bernie shoots Caspar upon seeing him, allowing Tom to shoot Bernie dead. At Bernies funeral, Verna shuns Tom and Tom denies Leos offer to come back and work for the mob.
tt0112950
Comedy,Drama,Music
Empire Records is a small independent record shop managed by Joe (Anthony LaPaglia). His employees are all high-schoolers and young adults. The store, like the employees, is eclectic and unique. The staff is very much a self-created family, with Joe as the reluctant and perpetually exasperated father figure. Joe selects Lucas (Rory Cochrane) to close the store for the first time. While counting the days receipts, Lucas discovers that Empire Records is about to be converted into a branch of Music Town, a large and generic franchise music store. Lucas has an epiphany, and in an attempt to save the store, takes the day's cash receipts to Atlantic City. While initially very lucky, he loses the entire amount. The next morning, Mark (Ethan Embry) and AJ (Johnny Whitworth) find Lucas asleep behind the store, still perched on his motorcycle, and quickly deduce that Lucas has made a grievous mistake while entrusted with the store money. Lucas adopts a bizarre, almost zen-like attitude towards his actions. AJ and Mark feign ignorance as to the missing money when Joe discovers the night deposit was never made, and the money is missing. Joe is distracted from dealing with this immediate crisis due to a scheduled publicity stunt. Rex Manning (Maxwell Caulfield), a pompous, fading pop singer, is due to arrive to sign autographs and promote his new album. No one is really looking forward to "Rex Manning Day" except cashier Corey (Liv Tyler), a overachieving student headed for Harvard University who has a schoolgirl crush on Rex, and plans to lose her virginity to him. Corey's friend and fellow cashier Gina (Rene Zellweger), a more adventurous and free spirit than Corey, encourages Corey in her pursuit of the much older Manning. Empire's owner, Mitchell Beck (Ben Bod), arrives to collect the missing deposit, but Joe covers for Lucas and plays for time by handing Mitchell a bag full of loose receipts. AJ confides in Joe that he loves Corey, and has chosen Rex Manning Day as the day he tells her. Lucas returns and rather than show repentance or guilt, calmly and repeatedly insists that everything will somehow work out, much to Joe's growing confusion and frustration. Joe forbids Lucas to leave the store (or even the couch in the break room) until he is able to repay the $9,000. Deb (Robin Tunney), another store employee, arrives. She, as usual, is hostile and anti-social to the rest of the staff. She immediately locks herself in the bathroom, where she impulsively shaves her head. As she exits the bathroom, AJ sees that her wrists are bandaged and she admits that she attempted suicide. It's revealed that Berko (Coyote Shivers), a local rock musician and another store employee, has just broken up with her, but Deb insists that he wasn't the reason for her suicide attempt. A young shoplifter who identifies himself only as Warren Beatty (Brendan Sexton III) is apprehended outside the store by Lucas. Soon after, Rex Manning arrives with his assistant Jane (Debi Mazar). Manning is condescending toward Joe, the rest of the staff, and his fans. Corey, after demanding (at the top of her lungs) that she be allowed to bring Rex his lunch, awkwardly attempts to seduce him during his lunch break. When Manning responds with a crude pass, Corey runs off, crying in embarrassment. A lovesick AJ finally attempts to tell Corey how he feels about her. Corey, emotionally overwhelmed by her encounter with her idol, tells AJ that she cannot handle his admission. Crushed, AJ abandons his plan. When Corey later attempts to assuage AJ's feelings by telling him she doesn't think of him that way, he rebuffs her. In the meantime, both Joe and Berko attempt to reach out to Deb, who refuses to explain her behavior or the circumstances that led to her bandaged wrists. Deb buries herself in work, but is clearly upset. As the afternoon progresses, the plan to convert Empire Records into a Music Town is revealed, and Joe admits that he had hoped to buy Mitchell out. However, Joe will now have to use his money to replace what Lucas lost, and Empire Records is now doomed to become a Music Town. Joe finally pummels Lucas in frustration. The afternoon continues to spiral downward. Corey accuses Gina of encouraging her ill-advised behavior around Rex, implying Corey's effort to emulate Gina's promiscuity was Gina's idea and ultimately at fault for the failed seduction, and that Corey doesn't have to 'behave that way' around men. Outraged at the accusation and seeking to hurt Corey, Gina seduces Rex Manning, much to the horror of her friends. AJ attacks Rex, who leaves after getting in a lucky punch against AJ. When Corey confronts her, calling her a slut, Gina retaliates by revealing Corey's secret amphetamine habit, which helps her stay up all night studying. Corey has a hysterical episode and has to be physically restrained by Joe. Uncharacteristically, Deb shows sympathy towards the always perfect Corey having a near melt-down and helps calm her. Corey, after hearing about Deb's suicide attempt, arranges a "funeral" for her where all her friends gather around and say they'll miss her & talk about what they love about her. Lucas reveals that Joe actually rescued him from the orphanage as a teen, and was trying to repay him for his kindness. Deb admits she tried (and failed) to kill herself with a disposable razor...with a moisturizing strip. During the mock funeral, "Warren" returns with a gun and holds up the store. Deb boldly confronts Warren, confusing him and distracting him from his plan, and the rest of the staff persuade Warren into admitting that he only returned because he because he felt kinship with the rest of the misfits in the store, leading Joe to offer him a job. After the police leave, Lucas admits defeat, and suggests calling Mitchell. However, his friends and co-workers (along with Jane, who has quit working for Rex), pool their resources to replace the missing money. Despite their best efforts, they are thousands short. Suddenly inspired, Mark runs out of the store and impulsively jumps in front of a news crew covering the hold up and announces a late night benefit party/concert to save Empire. Between AJ's art, various money raising efforts by the rest of the staff, a rooftop concert featuring Berko and Gina (who is finally fulfilling her longtime ambition to front a band), enough is made to replace the money Lucas lost. Joe and Lucas return the money to Mitchell, and promptly quit. Mitchell, appalled at the debacle and the prospect of managing the store without Joe, offers to sell it to him...cheap. Joe agrees. Corey tells AJ that she really does love him too, but that she now hates him for waiting so long to tell her how he felt. AJ tells her he has quit the store, and has been accepted to an art school in Boston, and they finally kiss. Underneath the closing credits, Mark and a local pizza restaurant employee and friend, Eddie, discuss music while sitting on the curb outside the store.
tt0203119
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Ex-con and expert safe-cracker Gary "Gal" Dove has served his time behind bars and blissfully retired to a Spanish villa with his beloved wife Deedee. He also has the company of longtime friend Aitch and his wife Jackie. Their idyll is shattered, however, by the arrival of an old criminal associate, the sociopathic Don Logan, who is intent on enlisting Gal in a bank heist back in London. Dove politely but firmly refuses Logan's many requests to join the heist, but Logan will not back down. After revealing a lingering infatuation with Jackie, he makes several unwelcome attempts at reconnecting with her. Logan eventually grows violent, hurling torrents of abuse at the group while at the same time spitefully painting himself as a victim of their infidelity. After finally storming away in a rage, Logan is kicked off his plane and returns to Dove's home with the intention of murdering him. Instead, Deedee surprises him with a shotgun. The entire group combines their efforts, first beating and shooting him, and finally crushing his skull. With Logan dead, Dove is forced to return to London to perform the job as if nothing has happened. Teddy Bass, a powerful crime lord, has organised the heist after learning about the bank from Harry, a banker who had sex with him at an orgy. Dove feigns ignorance over Logan's whereabouts, but Bass is immediately suspicious. Dove now fears both getting arrested by the police and being murdered by Bass. Since Logan's arrival, Dove's anxiety has manifested in strange dreams where he is menaced by a humanoid rabbit, which echoes a disastrous hunting trip earlier in the film. During the heist, Bass' gangsters use surface-supplied diving gear and drill into Harry's bank vault from a pool in a neighboring bath house. The water from the pool floods the vault and shorts its security system. While helping to empty the vault's safe deposit boxes, Dove secretly pockets a pair of large ruby with diamond earrings. After the job is successfully completed, Bass forces Dove, who is unaware of Bass's intentions, to accompany him to kill Harry at Harry's house, potentially framing Dove for the murder in the process by tricking Dove into leaving his fingerprints in the house. Though Bass has realised the truth about Logan's murder, he does not care enough to retaliate by killing Dove. Instead, he forces Dove to forfeit his share of the loot and banishes him from London. Dove returns safely home and his paradise is restored. Deedee wears the diamond earrings that he stole, and it is revealed that Logan is buried under the double-heart insignia at the bottom of their pool, which had been damaged by a falling boulder just prior to his arrival.
tt0963743
Comedy,Drama,Romance
On the first day of the school year Georgia and her friends, Jas (Eleanor Tomlinson), Ellen (Manjeeven Grewal) and Rosie (Georgia Henshaw) spot two new brothers that have just moved to Eastbourne from London. Fraternal twins Robbie (Aaron Johnson) and Tom (Sean Bourke). The girls follow the boys, who are exploring Eastbourne with their friend Dave "the Laugh" (Tommy Bastow). Georgia then hatches a plan to get close to Robbie. Realising that Robbie likes cats she pretends her cat, Angus, has gone missing. Jas has Angus on a leash, but he escapes and Tom rescues him. Jas and Tom begin dating while Robbie is seeing Georgia's rival - Lindsay. In the midst of all these, Georgia's father has been offered a job in New Zealand, and he goes to New Zealand to prepare for the family to move out with him. During his absence, Georgia's mum hires a handsome builder called Jem to re-do the living room, and begins to spend increasingly longer periods of time with him, making Georgia worried as to the state of her parents marriage. In an attempt to "grow up" for Robbie, Georgia then goes to have "snogging lessons" with Peter Dyer (Liam Hess). He becomes infatuated with her and at a party the following night, he tries to kiss her, causing her to fall in to a bush and expose her underwear to Robbie, Lindsay, Jas and Tom, who see her on the ground with Peter. In order to get away from Peter, Georgia tells him that she is a lesbian. Tom invites Jas to go swimming with him and Robbie. Georgia conspires to meet them at the pool and brings her sister along as she is stuck babysitting her. While in the pool Robbie and Georgia kiss. Robbie then leaves, claiming that he has to "sort some things out" but that he will phone Georgia later. A few weeks later Dave the Laugh invites Georgia to a gig for Robbie's band, the Stiff Dylans. After reading Men are from Mars, Women are from Venus Georgia hatches a plan to make Robbie to realize his feelings for her by going to the gig with Dave the Laugh. Robbie tries to talk to Georgia at the gig, but is stopped by Lindsay. At school, Dave finds out that Georgia was only using him to make Robbie jealous and so stops talking to her. When Dave tells Robbie that Georgia was only using Dave, he stops talking to her as well. When she finds out it was Jas that leaked this information, they have an argument, and they vow never to speak to each other again. Feeling like there is no point in staying in England, Georgia decides that she would like to move to New Zealand. Before she leaves she goes to the beach for a walk knowing Robbie would be there and apologizes to him. Robbie tells her that he dumped Lindsay and he admits that he still likes her. In the end Georgia's mum takes her to a club for the first time and it turns out to be a surprise fifteenth birthday party, which Jas had secretly organized with Georgia's mum. She is greeted by all her friends and her family, with Jas and Georgia befriending each other again. As a surprise, Georgia's father returns from New Zealand, deciding to stay in Eastbourne for a better job opportunity. It is also revealed that Jem is gay, and that his boyfriend is the owner of the nightclub. The Stiff Dylans are performing the song "Ultraviolet" which Robbie had written about Georgia, when they are interrupted by Lindsay who had come from her own party (to which no-one had turned up) and tells Robbie that he would either take her back or lose her forever. He tells her that Georgia is the one he wants, and he kisses Georgia on-stage. Taken from Wikipedia.
tt1068242
Comedy,Drama,Music
Note: this is a remake of the 1984 movie of the same name. In the small rural town of Bomont, Georgia, a group of teens are having a wild party with music, drinking, and dancing. Five of them decide to leave and get in a car together. Bobby Moore (Blair Jasin), the driver, is not entirely sober. While crossing a bridge he leans over to kiss his girlfriend, loses control of the car, and runs head-on into a truck, resulting in a huge explosion, an upside-down car, and all five dead teens. A few weeks later, the grieving and fanatical Reverend Shaw Moore (Dennis Quaid) is delivering a Sunday sermon; he feels the towns despair over the tragic deaths of five high school seniors, including his son, Bobby, in an auto accident the previous night after an evening of teenage drinking and dancing. Soon afterwards, the town council votes to ban partying, loud music and all forms of public dancing. Ariel (Julianne Hough), his young daughter, is upset and not happy about any of it. THREE YEARS LATER Ren McCormack (Kenny Wormald) gets off the Greyhound bus in Bomont. He has arrived from Boston to live with his Uncle Wes (Ray McKinnon) and his wife and two kids, as Ren's divorced mother has recently died. As the owner of a local car dealership lot and garage, Wes lets Ren move into his "office", and is reminded by his uncle that this isn't Boston and adds: "So... no getting into trouble and to make sure you keep up in school." Wes tells him that his neighbor's cotton gin has saved a job for him, and that with the economy the way it is, he's lucky to have it. Uncle Wes gives him an old, broken-down VW, and says if he can fix it, he can have it. Ren gets to work, and soon enough, he has the car running. He takes it for a drive, with the stereo blaring, and is promptly pulled over by a local cop. When he asks why he was pulled over, the cop says for loud music and disturbing the peace. Ren talks back to the unfriendly cop, and can't believe that loud music is illegal here. The cop writes him up a citation. On Sunday, the family goes to church, and Ren catches the eye of a pretty girl, Ariel. She's the daughter of Reverend Shaw Moore and his quiet wife, Vi (Andie MacDowell). After church, Ariel tells her parents she has a school project to work on and will spend the night with her girlfriend, Rusty (Ziah Colon). It's a lie, as they have no project, and they just want to go to town and see Chuck Cranston, her older boyfriend (Patrick John Flueger) to race his car at the local racetrack. Afterwords, while Ariel ditches Rusty to go off with Chuck whom she wants him to have sex with her. At school on Monday, Ren meets Rusty and Ariel, and they comment on his more city-like attire. He literally bumps into a camo-wearing cowboy, and they verbally spar, until the cowboy laughs and introduces himself as Willard (Miles Teller). Willard informs Ren about the deaths of the students three years ago, and how the town went crazy and outlawed loud music, dancing and parties for kids. There isn't even a high school prom anymore. After school, Ren goes to the cotton gin and starts his job. Later that night, the high school kids go and hang out at the concession stand at the drive-in movie theater, listen to music and dance. Ren sees Rusty and Ariel there. Ariel dances and Ren is obviously attracted, and she likes that. Chuck sees it and is jealous. In comes Reverend Moore, and the pulls the plug on the music and orders all the teens to go home and for Ariel to go home with him. Ariel is embarrassed and angry with her father. The next day, Ren goes to court for his ticket, and his Uncle Wes speaks up for him. Since Ren has a job, the judge rules that he is eligible for a suspended jail sentence, but must not have any other violations in the meantime otherwise there will be jail time. A few days later, Ariel pays Ren a visit at the cottin gin and says that Chuck wants him to come to his daddy's race track tomorrow. Ren has no idea what to expect, and when he gets there, he is challenged by Chuck to a race in old school buses. They drive, smash up things, and eventually Ren wins. Another few days later, a kid at school, named Rich, offers Ren a joint but he refuses. The librarian sees it, and chases Ren down the hall. Ren quickly flushes it down the toilet, and is promptly taken to the principal. He tells the truth, that it wasn't his and he didn't want it. He also explains that he is a gymnast and never does any kind of drug. Ren is let off with only a warning, but his uncle is told and he yells at Ren for defying him and nearly getting into trouble. In anger, Ren drives to an old, deserted garage. He blasts the music, drinks a beer, and rips off his shirt. He dances his anger and stress out, and does gymnastic-flips, too. Ariel walks in after watching everything, and they begin to talk. As dusk approaches, she takes him to an abandoned train car, which is covered in graffiti, all of which is quotes, lyrics and poems. The local kids call it 'The Yearbook'. It is there they can express themselves freely, without fear of the tight laws in Bomont. Then, she takes Ren to the railroad track, and stands in the middle as a train is coming, and she won't get out of its way. As it barrels towards her, Ren yells and pleads for her to get off the track, and as she is about to get hit, he leaps and grabs her, and pushes her out of harm's way. Ren is angry at her stupidity. She says she has been reckless and lost ever since her brother died. A few days later, Rusty and Willard, along with Ren and Ariel, drive to Atlanta to the Cowboy Bar, for some live music and country dancing. While Willard refuses to dance, Ren, Ariel and Rusty have a great time. Rusty reminds Willard that he promised that there wouldn't be any fighting. A cowboy asks Rusty to dance, while the jealous Willard watches and then can't take it anymore. He cuts in, and then gets in a fight with the cowboy. Rusty, Williard, Ren and Ariel leave, and as they drive home across the bridge where the accident happened, they talk about the tragedy and its after effects. Another day later, Reverend Moore visits Uncle Wes at his car dealership office and tells him he doesn't like Ren hanging around with his daughter and wants him gone if Wes cannot control him. Uncle Wes tells him that Ren is a stand-up kid, who had to care for and watch his mother die from leukemia after his father abandoned them. Wes tells Moore that Ren is a good kid and strong-willed, but just misunderstood. Reverend Shaw leaves, not persuaded. Another day later, Ren decides to get a petition going, which he will present to the town council that asks for a repeal of the law against dancing. He wants a prom for his senior class. He thinks its time the law changed. His Uncle Wes and Aunt sign it, and say his mother would have been proud of him. During this time, Willard tells Ren he can't dance. He never learned how, and is afraid to try. Ren, along with his two nieces, teaches Willard (in re-cycled montage from the first movie as Willard practices dancing to the soundtrack of the 1980s song 'Let's Hear It For the Boy'), and soon Willard is an excellent dancer, and happy that he can now dance with his girlfriend, Rusty. Ariel meets Chuck at the race track and breaks up with him over his moodyness and jealousy. He doesn't take it well, and calls her a slut, and he punches her in the face. He leaves her face down in the dirt, and she staggers up, grabs a pipe, and wails on his truck, smashing in the headlights and windows. He is furious, and hits her again bloodying her face before driving off. At the church, when Reverend Shaw sees Ariel's bloody and bruised face, he immediately thinks Ren did it, and threatens to kill Ren. Ariel tells him it is just like him to blame Ren for everything, like he blamed everything on Bobby, her dead brother. She tells him she has been so lost since Bobby died. She also tells him she isn't a virgin, and he slaps her. Afterwords, Vi and the Reverend talk. Vi tells him that they overreacted with all the fast changes to the laws after the kids died. It was too much, too soon. She reminds him that his obligation is to his daughter first, and the congregation after family. At the town council meeting, Ren speaks and quotes the Bible (which Ariel gave him) and says, there is a time for dance. Ren requests to the council that the law banning public dancing be overturned or at least suspended so that the students of Bomont High can have their senior prom. Naturally, Reverend Shaw opposes the request and answers that they don't want the spiritual corruption that dancing brings with it brought to their town. Ren's request to overturn the no-dancing law is quickly denied. When Ren is at work the next day, his boss tells him that he hasn't noticed that the cotton gin is just over the city line, and isn't in Bomont, but Basin. So, he says, "Why not have the prom at the cotton gin there in Basin, where it isn't illegal?" That evening, Reverend Moore is rehearsing his next sermon in the chapel, and Ren comes in, and listens. When the Reverend notices him, he stops and they talk. Ren tells him they are having a dance at the cotton gin in Basin, and he wants to take Ariel as his date. Ren promises to be respectful to Ariel. He tells the Reverend that the dance means a lot to him, but his daughter means more. He won't go to the dance if he can't take Ariel. The Reverend has to decide, and Ren tells him, "You gotta do what you gotta do", thanks him, and leaves. During the sermon on Sunday, Reverend Shaw tells the congregation that we all need to take responsibility for our own lives. He explains that we have to trust, and can't hold on forever. He announces that because of the still-standing law banning music and dancing, the senior class is having a dance in Basin, and hopes that they can all support it. Ren and Ariel, and the other students smile and cheer. The kids all show up at the cotton gin to sweep, clean and decorate for the dance. They raise the lights, and it looks beautiful, and is ready. At her house, Ariel is getting ready for the dance, and her mom comes in and tells her she looks stunning, and hands her a corsage. Ariel tries to thank her, but she says: "It isn't from me" (implying that it is from the Reverend). She hears Ren's car and comes out before he can ring the bell. He is stunned by how beautiful she looks, and tries to let her in the car. The door is stuck, so she convinces him to lift her and slide her in through the window. Reverend and Vi are watching from the window inside the house. Vi comments that that was a smooth move (by Ariel), and the Reverend smiles. Ren and Ariel arrive at the dance, and no one is dancing. Ren and Ariel go on the floor and start dancing. Others join in, and soon everyone is dancing. Willard and Rusty arrive, and as they are walking in, Chuck and some of his posse drive up in trucks, and grab Rusty and start to gang up on Willard. Rusty had made him promise, "No fighting!", but as they hit him and restrain her, she yells, "Beat the hell outta them, Willard!". At that same time, Ren and Ariel came outside for some air, and see the fight and join in. Ren, Williard, and a few others beat up Chuck and his loser friends, and they drive way. Ren and company return to the dance, where Ren exclaims, "Let's Dance!" They all dance, confetti falls, and the movie ends as they all dance together.
tt0082340
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
In a voice-over narration, set in a dystopian 1997, World War III is nearing an end, both the United States and the still-existing Soviet Union suffered greatly in the conflict and both looking for a peaceful resolution. The island of Manhattan has been turned into a maximum security prison in 1988 because of a nationwide crime increase of 400% in the United States due to a gas attack by the Soviets at the start of the war in which New York was worst hit. Surrounded by a 50-foot (15 m) containment wall, all inmates are sentenced to life imprisonment, and have formed gangs which control the crumbling, garbage-strewn city. The opening scene shows the dark skyline of Manhattan as two men in a makeshift raft attempt to paddle away from the island when the raft they are in is blown to pieces by a hovering helicopter gunship, which returns to its base on Liberty Island where the overland entrance to the prison is located and the command center of the US police force surrounding the island. Traveling to a three-way summit between the United States, the Soviet Union and China, Air Force One, the plane of the President of the United States, is hijacked by a sole member of a revolutionary organization opposed to the government; a woman impersonating a stewardess (Nancy Stephens) kills the pilots and takes control of the plane. The nameless militant female anarchist crashes the plane in a suicide mission into a Manhattan skyscraper but the unnamed President (Donald Pleasence) is safely sealed in an escape pod and survives. The United States Police Force Commissioner Bob Hauk (Lee Van Cleef) arrives at the Liberty Island command center where he and the chief of security Remy (Tom Atkins) witness the crash on monitors in their control center. Hauk assembles a platoon of soldiers and they travel to the crash site in a fleet of helicopters. When they arrive, they find the escape pod empty, indicating that the President has been taken hostage. An emissary of the inmates, named Romero (Frank Doubleday), appears and tells Hauk and the soldiers that they have the President and if they do not leave the island in 30 seconds, the President will be killed. Romero offers them one of the President's severed fingers as evidence. With no other choice, Hauk orders his men to return to the helicopters and they fly back to Liberty Island. In his office, Hauk meets with the recently arrived Secretary of State (Charles Cypress) who puts him in telephone contact with the Vice President in Washington DC where Hauk asks for authorization of a rescue attempt and accepts it. In his office, Hauk offers a deal to a newly arrived prisoner, a scruffy, one-eyed, famous special-forces-soldier-turned-armed-robber named S.D. "Snake" Plissken (Kurt Russell). Plissken prefers to be called "Snake", growling his demand whenever Hauk refers to him by his surname. If Snake rescues the President, and retrieves a cassette tape that contains important information on nuclear fusion, Hauk will give him a full pardon. However, Snake Plissken must complete his mission before the international summit that the President was due to attend, which begins in 24 hours. After Snake Plissken reluctantly agrees to the rescue plan, Hauk secretly has him injected with microscopic explosives that will blow open his carotid arteries in 24 hours (one day). The explosives cannot be defused until within 15 minutes before they go off, as a way of ensuring that Snake does not abandon his mission and escape, nor find another way to remove them. If he returns with the President and the tape in time for the summit, Hauk will save him by having the charges in his neck neutralized with X-rays. A furious Snake gruffly promises to kill Hauk when he returns. Snake covertly lands atop the World Trade Center in a Gulfire glider similar to the one he piloted in a daring covert operations action over Leningrad, USSR, and then locates the hijacked plane wreckage and the escape pod, but the President is gone. Snake tracks the President's life-monitor bracelet signal to the basement of an abandoned theater, only to find it on the wrist of an incoherent old coot (George "Buck" Flower). At the theater, Snake meets a friendly inmate nicknamed "Cabbie" (Ernest Borgnine), who offers to help. After wandering the dark streets, Snake is accosted by the 'Crazies' a subterranean gang that hunts the streets at night. Snake first seeks refuge in an abandoned Chock Full O' Nuts diner where he meets a seductive young woman (Season Hubley), who asks to take her away to freedom. But the Crazies soon attack the diner, and Snake is forced to run, leaving the nameless young woman to her fate at the hands of the Crazies. After a chase down a back alley, Cabbie shows up in his taxi and rescues Snake, fighting the Crazies off with a Molotov cocktail. Snake demands Cabbie tell him where the President is being held. Cabbie tells him that Brain (Harry Dean Stanton), a savvy and well-educated inmate, knows. Cabbie takes Snake to the New York Public Library where Brain lives, a place he's turned into a veritable fortress. It is here that Snake identifies Brain as a former accomplice of his named Harold Helman, from some heists they did in the past. Forced at gunpoint, Brain tells Snake that a powerful gang leader, the self-proclaimed "Duke of New York" (Isaac Hayes), and the leader of the Gypsies, the largest and most powerful gang in the city, has the President and plans to lead a mass escape across the mined and heavily guarded 69th Street Bridge (the real Queensboro Bridge is the 59th Street Bridge), using the President as a human shield and hostage. When the Duke unexpectedly arrives, with a large convoy of henchmen, to get a diagram of the bridge's land mines, Snake forces Brain and his girlfriend Maggie (Adrienne Barbeau) to lead him back to The Duke's compound. After stealing a car from one of the Duke's henchmen, Snake, Brain, and Maggie drive through Skulls gang country along Broadway, barely escaping. Snake finds the President who is being held in an abandoned railroad car in what was the Grand Central Train Station, but his rescue fails and he is captured after Brain betrays Snake. The next day, Snake is forced to fight with a giant power-house brute (Ox Baker). At the same time, Brain and Maggie trick Romero and the Duke's men into letting them have access to the President. After killing Romero and the guards, they free the President and flee to Snake's glider hoping to escape with the President. Meanwhile, Snake defeats his huge opponent, impressing the crowd. When the Duke learns the President has escaped with Brain, he is furious, and he rounds up his gang to chase them down. In the confusion, Snake slips away and manages to catch up with Brain, Maggie and the President at the glider, but during their attempted getaway, a gang of inmates, called the Indians, push it off the building. Snake and the others soon find Cabbie, and Snake takes the wheel of his cab, heading for the bridge. When Cabbie reveals that he has the nuclear fusion tape (traded to him from Romero who guarded the President), the President demands it, but Snake takes it for insurance. With the Duke chasing them in his Cadillac, Snake and the others drive over the mine-strewn bridge. After the cab hits a land mine, the cab is destroyed and Cabbie is killed. As the others flee on foot, Brain is killed by a mine and Maggie refuses to leave him. She attempts to hold off the Duke's car by firing at him with a handgun, and she succeeds in forcing Duke's car (a distinctive vehicle with ornate chandeliers mounted on either side of the car's hood) to crash, but he crashes into her, killing her, and he continues his pursuit on foot. Snake and the President reach the containment wall, and the guards raise the President on a rope. The Duke then attacks Snake, but the President shoots the Duke with a sub-machine gun, killing him out of revenge for torturing him during his confinement. Snake is then lifted to safety, and the mini-explosives implanted in his neck are deactivated with X-rays with seconds to spare. At Liberty Island, as the President prepares for a televised speech, he distractedly thanks Snake for saving him. Snake asks him how he feels about the numerous men and women who died saving his life, but the President only offers half-hearted regret that visibly disgusts Snake as he sees the President, a trembling and helpless captive, revert back to his self-assured personality. After Snake is pardoned, he decides he will not kill Hauk at this time and leaves the prison. Hauk thanks him for the rescue, and offers the incredulous anti-hero a job of working for the government in other top secret missions. Snake, alienated with the nation he once served with honor, refuses. Hauk tells Snake to think about the offer and notes: "We make quite a team! Huh, Snake?" In complete contrast to Snake earlier and frequently reminding Hauk to call him by his first name, Snake angrily replies: "The name's Plissken!" The President's speech commences and he offers the content of the cassette to the summit. To the President's embarrassment, the tape has been switched for a cassette of the swing song "Bandstand Boogie" (the theme from American Bandstand), Cabbie's favorite song. Snake had apparently switched tapes during the chase across the bridge. In the distance unnoticed just outside the Liberty Island prison gate, Snake is seen casually unwinding and tearing apart the all-important nuclear fusion cassette tape (the only thing to save mankind from nuclear war) and smiling while puffing on a cigarette as he walks off into the night. On that cynical note, 'Escape from New York' comes to a close.
tt0259711
Fantasy,Mystery,Romance
David Aames (Tom Cruise) drives to work, he finds the streets of New York strangely deserted at rush hour. With growing unease he drives to Times Square and finds the entire city abandoned. He then awakens in his bedroom once again to realize he's only been having a vivid dream. Cut to: David in a jail cell describing a dream to Dr. Curtis McCabe (Kurt Russell), a psychologist who has been assigned to him. David has been charged with a murder he cannot remember, and he wears a mysterious pale mask. He and Dr. McCabe discuss the events that led to his eventual incarceration. Following the death of David's father, he was given 51% ownership of his father's publishing company. The rest of the company is owned by a board of directors that David disparagingly calls the "Seven Dwarfs." Each of them believed that he was next in line to take over the company after David's father died. David can have anything his heart desires, and nothing is beyond him. On the night of his birthday party which also includes a conversation with a drunken Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall), the company attorney and an old friend of David's father, David considered firing Thomas for what he believes is his incompetence as an attorney, but he has a change of heart when Thomas makes a sad confession. David's best friend, Brian Shelby (Jason Lee), brings with him a girl named Sofia Serrano (Penelope Cruz) whom he just met at the library. Almost instantly, David and Sofia flirt with each other, almost completely ignoring Brian. However, Julianna Gianni (Cameron Diaz), a regular bed partner for whom David has no deep feelings, crashes his party. She stays distant but keeps a close eye on him the entire night. Once David realizes Julianna is there, he asks Sofia to pretend to engage in a deep conversation with him so that Julianna won't come near him. David and Sofia end up hitting it off. David walks Sofia back to her place, where they stay up all night talking. The next morning as David is getting ready to drive to work, Julianna drives up beside him asking how his night with Sofia was. Julianna makes David feel guilty about ignoring her and convinces him to get into her car. It quickly becomes apparent that she is obsessed with David. She starts driving recklessly, speeding through busy city streets, all the while insisting that she's deeply in love with him and berating him for treating her so casually. Fearing for their safety, he tries to get her to stop the car by telling her that he loves her. She drives the car off a bridge in an attempt to kill them both. Julianna did not survive the crash. David did, however, although his face and right arm are mangled, and he suffers blinding headaches due to the metal pieces holding his skull together. He spends a long time in isolation before deciding to take back control of his company and see Sofia again. She appears hesitant to be around him, and when they go on a date she brings Brian along. The date is a disaster as David drinks too much and makes Sofia increasingly uneasy around him. The three part ways at the end of the night, and David ends up passing out on a sidewalk. It is morning when Sofia wakes him up at that same exact spot and tells him that she will stay with him if he can get his act together. From that moment on, David's life is turned around. His team of plastic surgeons is able to restore his face and he finds his soul mate in Sofia. David's new-found happiness is short-lived, however, when he begins hallucinating. He looks in the mirror to see his face once again disfigured. A mysterious man (Noah Taylor) turns up wherever he goes and tells David that he has the power to control the world. And one night he goes to bed with Sofia and wakes up to find himself with Julianna, who insists she really is Sofia. He grows violent, convinced that Julianna is alive and playing games with him. He is arrested and told by Tipp that he severely beat Sofia, but Tipp will have the case thrown out. Tipp shows David photos of Julianna with a bruised face, but everybody, including his best friend Brian, tells him that it was Sofia he attacked. David breaks into Sofia's apartment and finds that every photo he'd seen of Sofia is now of Julianna. Julianna attacks him thinking he's an intruder but then apologizes while still insisting she is Sofia. She leaves the room and the actual Sofia returns in her place as if nothing unusual had happened. They begin to make love but while they are in the middle of the act he finds that he is making love to Julianna. In a fit of panic he suffocates her and then discovers he has just killed Sofia. When David is finished telling Dr. McCabe his story he still can't bring himself to believe that he killed anybody. Dr. McCabe, frustrated by David's failure to tell him anything meaningful that might help his case, tells him that he can no longer help David and will try to argue for "temporary derangement". This odd turn of legalistic phrase is just one of many clues that in this version of David's world all is not what it seems. As Dr. McCabe leaves, David sees an infomercial for a cryonics company called "Life Extension." This infomercial involving a dog that has been frozen and brought back to life has appeared at several points throughout the film. David is entranced by the commercial, and McCabe sees that there may be a connection between Life Extension and David's amnesia. Escorted by Dr. McCabe and the police, David visits Life Extension and realizes that he had signed on as a client. He had opted for an extra feature called the Lucid Dream. This allows cryogenically-frozen, clinically dead clients to experience an unending custom-made dream life with no memory of their physical death. David realizes that he is now living in the Lucid Dream and that the mysterious man is his "Technical Support." The Support Technician explains that the Lucid Dream was "spliced" into his memories at the point where he passed out on the sidewalk after his night out with Sofia and Brian. But the dream went awry and turned into a nightmare. Since nothing he experienced after the splice was real David realizes that he never murdered anybody. Dr. McCabe tells him that the guilt he felt for the way he treated Julianna may have caused his subconscious to merge Julianna and Sofia. But it turns out that Dr. McCabe isn't real either; he's just a character David created in his dream to be the father figure he always wanted. Most curious is the fact that Dr. McCabe seems to believe that he himself is real and only reluctantly comes to accept the truth (he had previously mentioned that he was going out with his two daughters for dinner after a session with David, but when The Support Technician asks him "What are their [your daughters'] names, Dr. McCabe has no response). Tech Support tells David that in reality, he never saw Sofia again, and that Thomas Tipp, the attorney that David considered firing in the beginning, had saved the company for David and helped him regain control from the board of directors. But David, suffering constant pain and depression following his disfigurement, committed suicide. In the end, technical support reveals an upgrade to the software which allows David to either be reinserted into the lucid dream with no memory of the nightmare portion or to be awakened in the present time (which is 150 years after he was frozen) and live in the real world with a restored body. David chooses to be awakened in this future present realizing that everyone he ever knew will be long dead and his wealth will be worth far less. After one last lucid-dream rooftop exchange with Sofia in which she vows to "find you again" he leaps off the skyscraper. Multiple memory-images cascade frenetically through his mind as he falls. The final shot is of a brief whiteout (rather than the blackout) accompanied by the sound of a woman's voice telling him to "open your eyes" and an extreme closeup of a single human eye opening and staring into the camera.
tt0087803
Drama,Sci-Fi
Set in a dystopian April 1984, nearly 40 years after the end of the second world war, and a few years after the so-called Atomic Wars, Winston Smith (John Hurt) is a middle-aged man who endures a squalid existence in the totalitarian superstate of Oceania under the constant surveillance of the Thought Police. The story takes place in the decaying city of London, the capital of the territory of Airstrip One (formerly Great Britain). Winston is just another lowly Politcal Party official in the Ministry of Propaganda. He lives in a small, dirty flat, and works in a small office cubicle alongside dozens of other men and women at the Ministry of Truth, rewriting history in accordance with the dictates of the Party and its (probably mythical) supreme figurehead, Big Brother (Bob Flag), a Joseph Stalin--esq leader who is never seen in public and whom appears only on propaganda posters, advertising billboards, and television monitors. Winson's task, like many in his office, is to "erase" anyone who has fallen afoul of the government from the official histories whom becomes "unpersons". Automaton-like, he goes through his daily routine, under constant surveillance from the "telescreens" (two-way TV monitors) and his fellow citizens. Winston occasionally attends public rallys at Victory Square where the citizens are shown propoganda films of the current war situation as well as contraditing and false news stories about Oceana's war effort to unite the civilized world under the rule of Big Brother. While his co-worker and neighbor, Parsons (Gregor Fisher), seems content to follow the state's laws, Winston, haunted by painful childhood memories and restless carnal desires, keeps a secret diary of his private thoughts, thus committing thoughtcrime: the crime of independent thought either contrary or superfluous to the aims of the Party. The so-called 'Party' is the former English parlament which follows Ingsoc (Newspeak term for "English Socialism"); the political ideology of the government of Oceania. His life takes a fatal turn when he is accosted by a fellow Outer Party worker; a mysterious, bold-looking young woman named Julia (Suzanna Hamilton) a print machine mechanic who works in the Ministery of Truth, and they begin an illicit affair. Their first meeting takes place in the remote countryside where they exchange subversive ideas and have a sexual encounter in the woods out of view and earshot of the nearest telescreen. Shortly after, Winston rents a room above a pawn shop (in the supposedly safe proletarian neighborhood) where they continue their liaison. Julia, a sensual, free-spirited young woman, procures contraband food and clothing on the black market, and for a brief few months they secretly meet and enjoy an idyllic life of relative freedom and contentment together. It comes to an end one evening in June 1984 when the Thought Police suddenly raid the flat and arrest the two of them. It is revealed that there is a small telescreen hidden behind a picture on the wall in their room, and that the elderly proprietor of the pawn shop, Charrington (Cyril Cusack), is in fact a covert agent of the Thought Police. Winston and Julia are then separated and taken away to be detained, questioned and brutally rehabilitated. Winston is brought to a fortress-like building which is called the Ministry of Love, where he is systematically tortured and brainwashed by O'Brien (Richard Burton), a high-ranking member of the Inner Party whom Winston had previously believed to be a fellow thoughtcriminal and agent of the resistance movement led by the archenemy of the Party, Emmanuel Goldstein (who, like Big Brother, perhaps does not exist). O'Brien instructs Winston about the state's true purpose and schools him in a kind of catechism on the principles of "doublethink" the practice of holding two contradictory thoughts in the mind simultaneously. Doublethink entails the willful denial and destruction of all self-evident truths, memories, and/or physical proofs which run contrary to the supreme "reality" that is invented by the Party at any given time. For his final rehabilitation, Winston is brought to Room 101, where O'Brien tells him he will be subjected to the "worst thing in the world," designed specifically around Smith's personal phobias and traumas. When confronted with this unbearable horror which turns out to be a cage filled with vicious, carnivorous rodents, Winston's psychological resistance finally and irretrievably breaks down, and he hysterically repudiates his allegiance to Julia. Now completely subjugated and purged of any rebellious thoughts, impulses, or personal attachments, Winston is restored to physical health and released. Winston returns to the Chestnut Tree Caf, where he had previously seen the rehabilitated thought criminals Jones, Aaronson, and Rutherford (themselves once prominent but later disgraced members of the Inner Party) who have since been "vaporized" and rendered unpersons. While sitting at the chess table, Winston is approached by Julia, who has also been brainwashed and rehabilitated. They share a bottle of Victory Gin and unemotionally exchange a few words about how they have betrayed each other. After Julia leaves, Winston watches a TV news broadcast of himself on the large telescreen confessing his "crimes" against the state and imploring forgiveness of the populace in the humbled and remorseful manner of a prodigal son come back to the fold. Upon hearing a news report declaring the Oceanian army's utter rout of the enemy Eurasian forces in North Africa, Winston silently and tearfully professes his gratitude and love for Big Brother as he anticipates the date of his execution. Having been deprived of his freedom to think and feel for himself, and reduced to a mere shell of a man, Winston is soon to be deprived of his very physical existence as well. He now welcomes his final subjugation to the absolute power and supremacy of the state as he says "I love you" to the glowering, ever-watchful visage of Big Brother on the telescreen.
tt0095159
Comedy,Crime
George Thomason (Tom Georgeson) and his right-hand man, Ken Pile (Michael Palin), a beleaguered animal lover with a bad stutter, plan a jewel heist and bring in two Americans to help: an alluring con artist, Wanda Gershwitz (Jamie Lee Curtis) and a "weapons man", Otto West (Kevin Kline). Wanda and Otto are lovers pretending to be siblings so that Wanda can work her charms on George and Ken. Wanda and Otto plan to betray Ken and George after the heist, and vice-versa. Wanda, it later transpires, is also planning to betray Otto. After the robbery, Wanda and Otto betray George to the police, intending to take all the loot for themselves, but discover that George and Ken have moved the loot to a new location. Wanda decides to seduce George's unhappily married lawyer, Archie Leach (John Cleese) to find out where it is. Meanwhile, Ken is charged by George to silence a key witness, and Otto exerts his energies in fits of jealousy over Wanda and Archie and of impatience with Ken and Britain in general. Otto's interference, and other incidences of bad luck, lead Wanda and Archie's liaisons to go disastrously wrong. There is subsequent confusion and slapstick. For example, in various attempts to kill the witness, the animal-loving Ken accidentally instead kills her three Yorkshire Terriers one by one. The witness eventually suffers a fatal heart attack when her third Terrier is killed. The title is derived from the name of Ken's favorite tropical fish, which Otto eats alive, to Ken's distress, during the farcical torture scene. Archie and Wanda gradually fall in love and the movie ends with those two leaving the country with the jewels. Ken finally has his revenge on Otto by running him over with a steamroller (which he somehow survives). Title cards at the end of the movie reveal their futures: "Archie and Wanda were married in Rio, had seventeen children, and founded a leper colony. Ken became Master of Ceremonies at the London Sea World. Otto emigrated to South Africa and became Minister for Justice. ================================= At the London flat of Ken an animal lover with a large tank of tropical fish (the large angelfish is named "Wanda", after his flatmate George's sexy American girlfriend) and a nasty stutter, a meeting takes place with himself, the attractive Wanda, her lover George and her "brother" Otto. They plan to rob the store of a prominent London jeweler and steal a cache of diamonds. Otto, a belligerent and boisterous former CIA operative, will provide the weapons and plot the strategy to rob the business with no deaths involved, at the behest of George, who has brought the idea for the caper to the group. The robbery goes off without a hitch and as the team makes their getaway, they nearly run over an elderly woman out walking her dogs. She sees George without his ski mask on. The team splits up, George, Wanda and Otto place the diamonds in a small safe housed in a garage and continue with their plan to lay low for a few days before flying out of the country. Just after Wanda and Otto leave the garage, George returns, retrieves the loot and drives off with it. Back at Otto's flat, Wanda (who reveals that Otto is not her brother but her 2nd lover) fends off Otto's attempts at seducing her long enough to have Otto phone the police and give them George's name. George is arrested at his own flat and implicated with the crime; he has particles of glass on the leg of his trousers from the jeweler's. George is allowed to meet with Ken and gives him a small key, which Ken hides in the tiny treasure chest of his aquarium -- Wanda sees Ken hiding the key and later takes it, hiding it in her locket. When she later checks with a locksmith about the key, he is unable to identify it other than it being to a safe deposit box. When Wanda and Otto meet with George, he is immediately suspicious of Otto despite Otto's attempts to be concerned about George. At a police lineup, the woman that George nearly killed with his car points him out as the man who nearly killed her dogs. At the grand jury hearing, George gives Ken a small nod, identifying the old lady. Wanda sees that George is being represented by a barrister named Archie Leach. Wanda begins to play up to him, trying to find out more information about George's case. Archie initially tells her he is not allowed to speak to her since she's been subpoenaed as a character witness for George. Archie, himself in a loveless marriage, later acquiesces, saying that it's permitted for him to talk to Wanda as long as they don't discuss the case itself. The two meet clandestinely several times -- at Archie's house, while his wife and daughter are out for the evening, Wanda loses her locket with the key inside. Archie's wife, having returned with their daughter after they had a tire blow out, believes the locket is a gift to her from Archie. Wanda demands the locket be returned. Wanda is also faced with Otto's extreme jealousy with regards to Wanda's attempts to seduce Archie. Several times Otto threatens Archie with bodily harm, even dangling him out a window. Wanda is furious, explaining to Otto that his jealous behavior may get them in trouble & they still won't be able to find out where George hid the diamonds. She demands Otto apologize to Archie. Archie's attempts to get the locket back from his wife mostly fail. One day he goes to his own house and stages a robbery. While he loots a few small objects from his wife's jewelry collection (and breaks a small ceramic figurine) Otto, who'd arrived at Archie's house to apologize, finds him and beats him, believing he's helping out Archie by catching a random burglar. When he discovers that he's beaten Archie himself, he leaves him tied up and flees. Archie, just as his wife arrives home and becomes distraught at the minor destruction her husband had staged, hides Wanda's locket in his mouth until his hands are freed and he can spit it out and hide it in his pocket. He rushes off to a flat belonging to a friend and meets Wanda, giving her the locket. The two decide to have sex -- Archie inadvertently finds that Wanda can be easily seduced when he speaks any foreign language, until they're interrupted by a family that had rented the flat. Archie is caught naked and embarrassed. He calls Wanda and says he's going to end their tryst. Right after he does so and returns home, he's intercepted by Otto, who apologizes to him and grants him permission to continue his affair with Wanda. Unknown to Archie, Wendy is listening from an open window above. Ken, charged by George with killing the elderly woman with the dogs, tries to make her death look accidental. He only succeeds in killing her dogs one by one until, when he accidentally kills the last dog, the woman dies of a heart attack on the street. Ken reports to George, who gives Ken the go-ahead to retrieve the loot & pack for their escape destination: Rio de Janeiro, saying they'll take both Wanda and Otto & eliminate Otto later. At Ken's flat, Otto figures out that Ken knows where the loot is & tortures him: he ties Ken up and eats all the fish in his aquarium one at a time, including the beloved angelfish Wanda until Ken confesses that the safety deposit box is in a hotel near Heathrow Airport. However, the key is not in the aquarium and Otto calls Wanda, who tells him she'll give him the key and the loot if they flee to Rio together after she testifies on George's behalf. In court, Wanda takes the stand and Archie questions her about her relationship with George. She portrays him as an honest man until she drops a few details that clue the court into George's involvement in the crime, stating that George had left their flat armed with a shotgun right before the crime. Archie, surprised by Wanda's turn, calls her by her first name and calls her "Darling". Wendy, observing in the mezzanine, is silently infuriated. George becomes enraged at Wanda's comments and attacks her, causing general melee in the room while the guards try to subdue him. Archie receives a knock on the head from George and is left alone in the courtroom. When Wendy approaches him, she slaps him and tells him she's filing for divorce. Archie then takes a private meeting with George, assuring him that he'd arranged to lead Wanda on the witness stand to get George exonerated. He strikes a deal with George to receive a lesser sentence and convinces George to reveal the location of the diamonds: George tells Archie he'll find Ken back at his flat, who knows where they are. Outside the court building, Archie finds Wanda trying to sneak off and takes her in his car to George's flat. Archie goes in alone to find Ken and possibly face off against Otto. He finds Ken tied up and hears a car collision outside: Otto, having found Wanda alone, takes off with her after the minor fender-bender to the airport. Archie tries to get the nervously stuttering Ken to tell him where the diamonds are hidden. He finally gets Ken to write down the name of the hotel, the Cathcart Towers, and they take off for the airport. At the Cathcart, Wanda and Otto retrieve the diamonds and get their tickets to Rio. As they walk to the gate, Wanda clubs Otto and locks him in a small closet. Archie finds Otto lagging behind Wanda after she'd clubbed him and is able to grab Otto's Walther PPK but tricks Archie into dropping it and grabs it himself. Having a few minutes before he has to leave with Wanda, Otto takes great delight in humiliating Archie by making him stand in a barrel of used oil outside the terminal while insulting him and his British heritage. Archie spots Ken driving toward them on a steamroller. Archie distracts Otto by ridiculing America's loss to North Vietnam. When he warns Otto of Ken. Laughing and thinking that Ken could never catch up to him, much less kill him, Otto steps into a recent batch of wet concrete and is stuck. Frantically apologizing to the vengeance-bent Ken for eating his fish, he's run under the steamroller. Ken, overjoyed at gaining revenge on his tormentor, suddenly loses his stutter and is arrested. Archie is able to make it to Wanda's plane and the two reconcile. As they take off, Otto, still alive, suddenly appears at their window but is blown off. Closing titles tell us that Archie and Wanda married, had children & founded a leper colony. Ken became master of ceremonies at London Sea World. Otto left for South Africa and became a minister of justice.
tt0435679
Drama,Romance
The film begins with Natalie (Elisabeth Harnois) lying in the back of a yellow ute, which is about to roll off a cliff. When the ute is just about to fall off the edge, Natalie wakes up from a dream. The next scene is of Keith (Jesse McCartney) speaking to Al (Tim Halligan), in an informal manner. The film progresses with Natalie in her chemistry class. The class is being assigned lab partners; Natalie is assigned Keith, who is not in class at the time, but turns up mysteriously late. After having a short conversation, Natalie and Keith begin to argue due to Natalie wanting to focus on her future whereas Keith wants to focus on the present; they have different views on life, and Natalie is angered by this argument and requests a partner change from the teacher, but her request is refused. After this, Natalie bonds with boyfriend Raff (Ignacio Serricchio). She later parties with other students at The Brick (an outdoors place where students go to have fun). Realizing that she has a lab report due the next day, Natalie goes to find Keith to help her with it. While helping her with the lab report, Keith takes her into his carefree life and goes to an office building to do their report. Throughout this time, Keith and Natalie become closer. Keith reveals to Natalie that he lives at an old white house with the big porch, which she likes. She even pushes aside Raff to be with Keith. Later in the day, more of Natalie's life is revealed; she is also a talented tennis player currently ranked 14th (presumably in the state). Later in the evening, she is at The Brick again with Raff. Keith persistently asks Natalie to go out with him as friends. He takes Natalie to a few places and talks to her about random things, which she learns to get used to. As time goes on, the two continue to hang out in this fashion and become closer and closer. One night, Keith decides to send a part of a car engine to Natalie's house while she is with Raff, which she is angered by. They have an argument, when in the middle of it, Al and Billy (a child neighbor of Keith's) turn up. Billy speaks to Keith about bonding with him, which causes Natalie to think that Keith is "a softy" and to get back into the car with him. After driving for a short while, Natalie tells Keith to turn into a dirt road, which just so happens to be Keith's favorite spot; a cliff overlooking The Brick, separated by a river. They sit down and talk, afterwards exchanging a small kiss. The next day, Raff asks Natalie to go to The Brick, but she says she does not feel like it. Instead of going to The Brick, Natalie decides to go to the cliff she went to with Keith. She has become comfortable wearing Keith's jacket at times when alone with him, and discusses with him their future dreams. While Keith and Natalie talk while lying down in the back of the ute, Natalie notices that the ute is moving. She panics and gets out of it, trying to stop it as she screams at Keith to jump to safety. Keith, however, remains lying down, relaxed and rambling on, despite the fact that he is about to roll off a cliff. Just before rolling off, Keith swiftly moves into the driver's seat and hits the brakes. Natalie is furious with Keith and asks him if he wanted to kill himself. When Natalie gets home, she is still wearing Keith's jacket and finds antidepressants in his pocket. The following day at school, Natalie wants to speak to Keith about the medication, but he is not at school, nor is he there the day after that. Because of his absence, Natalie begins to worry and becomes slightly depressed. She tries to get his contact details from the school, but the school does not allow it. Natalie then remembers that Keith said he lived at the old white house, and decides to go visit. But it turns out that Keith lied to her about his residence. Because of Keith's mysterious disappearance, Natalie begins to lose her tennis matches, which is her key to a scholarship at Duke University. Two weeks later, Keith appears just as mysteriously as he had disappeared. Natalie is irritated about the lies he fed her. She decides to find out his real address by breaking into his locker. As a result, she is suspended from school for a week. Her friends all believe that Keith is trying to destroy her life, but she disagrees. Without anyone to turn to, and without anywhere to go, Natalie decides to go visit Keith at his house. There, she meets his father and finds out that Keith also lied to her about his family (his siblings and his deceased mother). Keith refuses to come out of his room to see her. Desperate to talk to Keith, Natalie hides in the back of his ute. Later that night, Keith comes out of the house and drives off to his favorite clifftop. While there, Natalie expresses her love for him, and they end up having sex in the back of the ute. While Keith drives Natalie home, Natalie is excited to begin an official romantic relationship with Keith, but Keith says that what happened between them that night was just for fun and is not something to make a big deal about, which infuriates Natalie. In the next few scenes, Natalie's downfall, from her perfect life to a life filled with sadness and confusion, is apparent. Her tennis rankings have dropped, and she is on the verge of losing her scholarship opportunity. In addition, she dumps her boyfriend Raff. While driving without an idea of where she is going, Natalie sees Al (the man Keith talked to at the opening of the film), who was Keith's counselor, and asks him about Billy (the boy she watched talk excitedly with Keith the first night she and Keith went to the cliff), and it turns out that Billy died because of cancer and Billy knew Keith because they went to chemotherapy treatment together. Natalie finally realizes that Keith is dying of cancer, and is informed that he does not have much longer to live. She tries to go to Keith's house again to talk to him, but she is rejected once again. Then, one night, Keith mysteriously appears at her house offering to go bowling with her. On the way to go bowling, Natalie leads Keith to the airport so that he can follow his dreams, telling him the sky is the limit. At the airport, after some resistance, Keith finally expresses his true feelings for Natalie, and Natalie tells Keith that she wants to be with him even though he will die one day soon. They kiss and embrace. The film then cuts to when Natalie graduates; Keith is not mentioned and has presumably died from cancer. Throughout the film Natalie has changed. She has almost become a replica of Keith; she has become a grease monkey, loves the yellow ute. There is a scene where Natalie is fixing the truck with Keith's father. The film cuts back to its first scene, where Natalie is slowly rolling towards the edge of the cliff. Just before falling off, she swiftly, like Keith did, jumps into the driver's seat and hits the brakes. Afterwards, Natalie drives to an intersection on the way to London, Ontario where there is a classic truck festival held each year. Attending the festival is what Keith always dreamed of. A long aerial shot of the yellow ute drives away as the film ends.
tt0077405
Drama,Romance
Bill (Richard Gere), his girlfriend Abby (Brooke Adams) and his young teen sister Linda (Linda Manz) are forced to flee Chicago when Bill accidentally kills the foreman (Stuart Margolin) at the steel mill at which he works. They hop a train and eventually arrive at a wheat farm in the Texas panhandle. Bill secures work for them as sackers by lying to the foreman (Robert J. Wilke) about prior experience. Bill and Abby pretend to be brother and sister to avoid suspicion. Although Bill squabbles with the foreman who considers his performance subpar, the three enjoy the work. The wealthy farmer (Sam Shepard) begins to fall in love with Abby and asks her to stay with him after the harvest. Bill is jealous, but when he overhears the doctor tell the farmer that he has only a few months to live, he encourages Abby to accept his proposal. After the other itinerant workers leave, the farmer and Abby are married. The foreman is suspicious and considers Bill and Abby to be con artists, leading the farmer to send him away. The farmer, Abby, Bill and Linda spend an idyllic year on the farm, playing in the river and fields and having many picnics. The farmer's health recovers quickly, and he no longer seems near death. He treats Bill like a brother but notices that Bill has begun to grow restless and irritable. Bill realizes that Abby is beginning to fall in love with the farmer. However, she is actually torn between her love for the two men. During a visit by a wayward Italian circus troupe, the farmer begins to suspect that Bill and Abby are lovers. When Abby tells Bill this, he decides to leave the farm with the circus troup. With Bill gone, Abby, the farmer and Linda form a stable family for nearly a year. But as the itinerant farmers return, so does Bill. He tells Abby that he doesn't blame her for deciding to stay with the farmer and that he will leave them alone. But the farmer, watching them from afar, misinterprets their final embrace and realizes the true nature of Bill and Abby's relationship. But before he can confront them, locusts arrive at the farm. Bill tries to help with the efforts to burn the pests out, but the farmer attacks him. In his rage, the farmer sets his fields on fire. Bill races off into the night, and the farmer, nearly insane, ties Abby to a column on the porch. The next morning, while surveying the damage, the farmer finds Bill. When he threatens Bill with a gun, Bill stabs him and mortally wounds him. Bill takes Abby and Linda away in the farmer's car, which they later sell in order to purchase a boat. They travel down river but a posse, led by the foreman, pursues them. One morning, the police catch up to the fugitive trio. Bill is shot down trying to escape. Abby has inherited the farmer's fortune. She deposits Linda in the kind of boarding school/dance academy that she herself had dreamed of as a child, then leaves on a train with American soldiers going off the fight in World War I. An older girl (Jackie Shultis) who Linda had befriended that first fall on the farm finds her in the boarding school. Together they run away. ----- Note to author of below: opening credits, narrators and concepts such as "scenes" are not part of a synopsis. It also does not include every single detail, such as one character helping another with a cigarette, or use dialog in lieu of narrative description. ------ The films opening credits portray old photos of turn of the century America with a musical theme that recurs throughout the film, Carnival of the Animals The Aquarium by Camille Saint-Saens. Outside Chicago, Bill (Richard Gere) is shown firing up the furnace at a steel mill. He gets in a fight with the steel mill foreman (Stuart Margolin) and accidentally kills him. He runs away. His kid sister Linda (Linda Manz), begins narrating the story. She begins by recounting how things were that have not happened in the movie yet the days of heaven. Bill is helping his lover Abby, (Brooke Adams) with a cigarette as he explains that things will change for them eventually they are down on their luck. The three of them hop a train to Texas, where they sit with dozens of others on the roofs of the trains boxcars. Linda explains that she met someone once who told her that someday the world will go up in flames and the good people will avoid it, but for the bad people, God don't even hear you talkin'. Everyone gets off the train and Bill quickly negotiates a job working on a wheat field for $3 per day as a sacker. He lies about his experience as a "sacker" to get the job. All three get jobs as laborers on the vast wheat field of a farmer (Sam Shepard). Linda makes a friend (Jackie Shultis) in the wheat field. The farmer checks the quality of the wheat in the field to see if its ready for harvest. Prayers are said for a good harvest. Scenes of people using farming equipment follow. Linda narrates that the farmer is falling for Abby for some intangible reason. Bill has told everyone that Abby is his sister, and gets in a fight with a field hand who suggests otherwise. Bill and Abby share a moment in the shade of a wagon. Linda is shown plucking a pheasant. There are more scenes of the harvest. The farmer is shown asking questions of one of his workers about Abby. The farm foreman (Robert J. Wilke) comes by inspecting Bill and Abbys work and docks them $3 for wasting wheat when making bushels. Bill complains but the foreman threatens to fire him and Bill backs down. Bill is concerned about Abbys hands which are sore and rough from the work and wants to find the doctor. The men swim in a pond after the days work is done. Bill sneaks up behind the doctors wagon and steals some ointment for Abbys hands. While he behind the wagon he overhears the doctor explaining that the farmer has about a year to live. Linda narrates that the farmer knew he was going to die, and that people live only once so they should have it nice. The farmer finally speaks with Abby. She explains she is from Chicago. Linda roasts a peacock over a spit, as Bill tells her a joke: "I saved your life today. I killed a shit-eating dog. I'm always lookin' out for you." Apparently a joke by comedian Redd Fox - acknowledged in the end credits in the Thanks section. Bill and Abby have a talk in a haystack. Bill explains they will eventually go to New York and this is only temporary. The harvest continues on. Linda explains if people didnt work they were shipped right out they didnt need you. They could always find someone else. The farmers accountant explains its a 6-figure harvest, his best ever. The farmer gets up and takes a look at Abby through his telescope. There are more scenes of the harvest. The farmer comes up to Abby and offers her to stay instead of going on up north. She excuses herself quickly without answering to go talk to her brother. Bill and Abby splash around in a river. Bill begins to scheme. He suggests that she tell the farmer she will stay. There is a night scene of the harvest, the very end of it. Linda asks Bill if they are going to stay and he explains its up to Abby. Linda has a conversation with her friend about a worker who she was going with who abandoned her. Linda continues to narrate about Bill getting tired of living like the rest of them, like pigs. Bill figured some people need more than they got, and others got more than they need. It was a matter of getting everyone together. A man dances on a wooden plank to a tune played by harmonica. Bill and Abby continue their discussion about staying. A night time celebration with a bonfire and music occurs. Abby tells the farmer she can stay but shes got to keep her brother and sister with her. Lindas friend says good bye and many people leave on a train similar to the way they arrived. Linda questions Abby about why she wants to stay and she explains this isnt so bad to the way she had to live earlier, wrapping cigars, never seeing the light of day. The foreman questions Linda about what they did in Chicago before. Bill explains to the farmer a half-story about how he worked at the mill in Chicago. The farmer tells Abby he loves her. Bill begins to scheme. He suggests she marry him (since he is about to die). She is reluctant. The farmer and Abby get married along the river. The foreman is a joyless best man. The farmer and Abby take off of on their honeymoon. When they get back Linda explains they all never had it so good. The rich got it figured out. All four of them have a playful meal on a gazebo. They play makeshift golf. Bill sneaks Abby out of the house one night for some play in the river and tells her he never wanted to fall in love with her. They sneak in a bit late, after the farmer has begun calling for her. Life goes on. The foreman tells the farmer he thinks they are a couple of con-artists. The farmer takes offense and they have a falling out. The foreman quits and leaves and as he drives away, he stops to tell Bill and Abby he knows what they are doing and warns them that boy is like a son to me. The farmer senses some distance from Abby. A shot of a newspaper shows that president Wilson is on a whistlestop tour. They all go out to watch his train go by. Linda narrates that the farmer wasnt getting sicker as fast as they planned. Maybe the doctor gave him some medicine. Bill and the farmer go hunting for pheasant. The farmer remarks that Bill seems jumpy. Right during their conversation a Fokker tri-plane and a Sopwith camel come into a view as a flying circus lands right in their field. just as things were about to blow says Linda. The circus brings entertainment. Bill kisses Abby one night at the gazebo but the farmer sees it. He confronts Abby later about this strange behavior with her brother. She denies anything unusual but remarks to Bill that the farmer seems more paranoid. Bill is now angry that Abby seems to be in love with the farmer. Bill who is in a bit of a huff, gets a lift from the flying circus to take care of some business. The farmer and Abby are now alone. There are loving scenes between Abby and the farmer. Linda narrates that the farmer taught her the keys on the piano, the parts of a globe. Life continues. The following spring comes. The wheat begins to ripen. Bill comes back on a motorcycle and sees Abby dancing on the porch. Later, Abby apologizes to Bill. Bill explains he regrets not knowing what he had with her, and pushing her into this plot. Bill kisses Abby on his way to leave, and the farmer sees him from up on the roof with his weathervane. He seems a bit sickened. A close-up of a two locusts on some lettuce in the kitchen is a portent of a problem. They are shown bothering the birds. Things evolve rapidly. Abby begins swatting locusts all over the house. They are shown all over the wheat. A red storm flag is hoisted, and a warning siren is sounded, and the workers pile into the field to get rid of the swarm by any means possible. The farmer out in the smoking fields is suspicious of Bill and swings his lantern at him starting a fire. The fire spreads and starts to burn the entire field. Bill and Abby are silhouetted against the fire and she says, "He knows". The hands desperately try to put the fire out but it burns everything. The farmer aggressively intimidates Abby up in the bedroom, throws her down and gets a gun out of his desk. He ties her hands together and calls her a liar. The next day, the farmer is riding through his burnt out fields looking for Bill and finds him fixing his motorcycle. The farmer aims a gun at Bill but bill stabs him with a leather punch. The foreman finds the dead Sam Shepard. The three of them flee. They head down river in a boat. Linda narrates that no one is perfect, youve just got half devil and half angel in you. She explains that Abby will lead a good life from now on, she blamed it all on herself. Linda talks about all the things they see on the boat ride. In parallel action, the foreman begins to track them down. Wild turkeys gobble in the forest, where Bill, Abby, and Linda have camped. Bill walks under some trees, and notices police officers at their ferry boat at the river, presumably looking for him. They spot him and come chasing after him with dogs and horses. He gets back to the tent and grabs a shotgun. He tells them to keep down and then tries to run away as he is pursued. Eventually, he makes a run along the shore line and ends up in a gunfight. He is shot and killed by one of the pursuers on horseback. In her grief, Abby sobs over Bills body as detached people on the shoreline look on. The next scene is Linda in a dancing class. Abby has enrolled her in a dance academy. We dont know exactly how much time has passed. She tells Linda shell be all right, turn around and go inside. Abby walks to the train station through a small town. Young men are boarding a train to participate in World War I which the U.S. has just gotten involved in. A band plays a tune to bid the soldiers goodbye as Abby boards the train with the soldiers. The next morning, Linda escapes from the dance academy. She runs into her friend from the fields who has a new boyfriend. He's in the Army. Maybe he'll get killed or something. I don't know. Anyway, he said I'm pretty. They race away and chat at the railroad tracks, and then walk down the rails towards an uncertain future. Linda narrates This girl, she didn't know where she was goin' or what she was goin' to do. She didn't have no money on her. Maybe she'd meet up with a character. I was hopin' things would work out for her. She was a good friend of mine.
tt0098382
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
On a desert planet, Nimbus III (the Planet of Galactic Peace), a humanoid man has dug empty holes on the surface. While he digs another, he sees a dark horse and rider approaching. Panicked, he loads a crude rifle with ordinary stones and takes aim. The rider stops close by and approaches the man, informing him that he harbors a secret pain and that he needs to expose it. After a few moments of staring at the rider's serene face, the alien man is overcome with grief and says he feels like a great relief has overcome him. In return for this soul cleansing, the rider, who reveals himself as a Vulcan, asks the man to accompany him on an epic journey. To get there, they will need a starship. Meanwhile, on Earth, Captain Kirk, Dr. McCoy and Spock are taking their shore leave in Yosemite National Park. Fretting, McCoy observes Kirk scaling El Capitan, muttering about Kirk's urge to play games with life. While he makes his ascent, Kirk is suddenly startled by Spock, who hovers nearby wearing jet-powered boots. Spock doesn't seem to understand Kirk's need to climb the mountain (Kirk says "Because it's there!"), citing the fact that Kirk will never break any records for free-climbing the mountain. Breaking records doesn't concern Kirk and he suggests that Spock find McCoy and pester him. Suddenly, Kirk loses his grip and falls; Spock races after him, catching his friend before impact. On Nimbus III, the Vulcan and his new followers survey the planet's one settlement, Paradise City. The move in and seize the city, capturing three delegates; General Korrd (a Klingon), Caithlin Dar (a Romulan), and St. John Talbot, (an Earthman). The Vulcan uses his persuasive power on all three, convincing them to join his cause. A distress signal is sent, something the Vulcan wants. Kirk, Spock and McCoy later sit around a campfire and McCoy serves up homemade beans, laced with bourbon from his home region, Kentucky. The three discuss about Kirk's near-death experience; Kirk says he wasn't afraid because his friends were nearby. When pressed a little further, he says "I've always known I'll die alone." They sing "Row, Row, Row Your Boat" together, after educating Spock on the song's meaning - which has no meaning and is merely intended to be fun for a group to sing together. Their vacation is interrupted when Uhura shows up in one of the USS Enterprise's shuttlecraft and informs them that Kirk has been asked to deal with a sudden crisis in space. (Kirk had deliberately left his communicator behind so they wouldn't be disturbed.) Uhura also retrieves Sulu and Chekov from the forest after they lose their way on a hike. On the Enterprise, things are chaotic. The ship's systems are constantly malfunctioning and Scotty, though happy to be working, still has his hands full bringing the ship to normal function. Transporters are also malfunctioning, hence the use of the shuttlecraft. On the bridge, Kirk receives his mission orders from Admiral Bennett; Kirk and his crew are to travel to Nimbus III and rescue the prisoners in Paradise City. A video showing the Vulcan's small army, the Army of Galactic Light, and their leader's demands is displayed for everyone. Seeing the Vulcan in the video, Spock is suddenly overcome. He explains to Kirk that the leader is Sybok, a Vulcan renegade who believed that the true meaning of Vulcan culture and existence was the embracing of emotion in contravention to Vulcan culture. Spock knew Sybok in his younger days, before he left Vulcan to follow his own pursuits. In a remote sector of outer space, a Klingon Bird-of-Prey decloaks near an ancient Earth Gemini satellite. The ship's commander, Captain Klaa, fires blasters on it, destroying it. Clearly bored, Klaa desires a live target to engage. His first officer, Vixis, receives news of the distress call about the incident on Nimbus III. Klaa becomes excited, knowing that Kirk would be a formidable opponent. He orders his crew to set course for Nimbus III to pursue and intercept Kirk. The Enterprise arrives on Nimbus III and sends a ground team down in a shuttle. On the surface, they first subdue an outpost outside Paradise City that is occupied by some of Sybok's followers - Uhura is the bait, doing an erotic fan dance to attract them. Donning the guards' clothing and using their mounts, they gain entry to Paradise City. At the same time, Chekov, who has been given the conn on the Enterprise, negotiates with Sybok from space as a distraction. Outside, Spock locates the prisoners, however, their ruse doesn't last and they are identified as infiltrators. A battle breaks out; several of Sybok's troops are stunned and Kirk makes his way into the tavern where the prisoners are being held. When Kirk finds them, they take him prisoner and lead him outside, where the rest of Kirk's team have also been captured. Spock meets Sybok and informs his fellow Vulcan that he is under arrest. Sybok laughs, saying that he is happy to see Spock has developed a sense of humor. Spock deadpans that he was not kidding. Sybok turns his attention to Kirk and informs him he intends to steal the Enterprise, refusing to say what he needs it for. With no choice left to him, they all head back to the shuttle and take off. On the Enterprise, the Klingon Bird-of-Prey is detected right before it cloaks. Chekov orders the shields raised, which prevents the shuttle from docking. The usual procedure of using the tractor beam to lock on the shuttle will take far too much time, a period in which Klaa could easily cripple or destroy both vessels. Kirk orders Sulu to fly the shuttle in manually, an extremely dangerous procedure. Klaa's attack fails, and the shuttle crash lands in the docking bay. The Enterprise races off at warp speed, leaving Klaa excited that his target is so elusive. In the cargo bay, Kirk and Sybok regain consciousness first and grapple over a crude rifle, Sybok seizing it first. He leads Kirk out at gunpoint; Kirk attacks him but fails to subdue the stronger Vulcan. The rifle is retrieved by Spock who points it at Sybok; despite Kirk's shouted order to shoot Sybok, he doesn't and they are imprisoned once again, much to Kirk's consternation. They are led away and Sybok requests a private moment with Sulu and Uhura. In the brig, which is escape-proof, according to Spock (who acted as the test subject), Kirk admonishes Spock for not protecting his ship and his crewmates by shooting Sybok. Spock says that he could not shoot the Vulcan renegade because they are half-brothers, Sybok being the child of a relationship his father had with a Vulcan priestess before he met Spock's human mother. While they are trapped in the brig, Sybok reveals his plan; the Enterprise will travel through the galaxy's Great Barrier where he believes they will find a place called Sha-Ka-Ree, what humans would call Eden, or paradise. Kirk remarks that no one has ever returned from beyond the Great Barrier, nor has any probe. Spock remarks that Sybok has spent his entire life searching for the Vulcan paradise. Just then, they receive a message through the wall in ancient Morse Code ordering them to stand back. Scotty breaks through the wall, freeing them. They make their way through the ship's back tunnels; Scotty directs them to a turboshaft where they can reach the ship's observation deck to send a distress message to Starfleet. Scotty continues walking and bangs his head, falling unconscious. He is later found by Sulu and a small search party and taken to sick bay. Meanwhile, Kirk, Spock and McCoy must climb the turboshaft's ladder by hand. They begin, but Spock disappears for a moment. Kirk and McCoy climb but are winded and exhausted after climbing a few decks. Spock floats to them using his jet-powered boots, however, they cannot take the weight of all three. They float down where Sulu and Sybok's men wait to recapture them. Spock activates the boot thrusters, a dangerous move, but one that propels them away from their captors. The three make it to the observation deck and send their message, however they are quickly found by Sybok himself. Sybok doesn't mind that the message was sent, saying that once his discovery is confirmed, everyone in the galaxy will want to come to the Barrier to see for themselves. Kirk still objects, demanding control of his ship. Sybok asks to be alone with Kirk, Spock and McCoy. He demonstrates the power he possesses to turn them into his followers. McCoy is forced to confront the death of his father from a disease that was cured a few months later. McCoy says he wanted his father to die with dignity rather than suffer and says that he feels as though a weight has been lifted from his heart. Spock is forced to confront his father's lifelong disapproval of his half-human ethnicity. Kirk refuses to succumb to Sybok's will, saying he needs his pain because it makes him human. Just then a signal from the bridge informs them that they have reached the Great Barrier. Kirk allows the Enterprise to breach the Great Barrier. Inside, they find a barren planet bearing no life readings. Kirk, Spock, McCoy and Sybok take a shuttle down to the planet's surface. After walking a short distance, Sybok cries out, demanding to see God. Suddenly, several finger-like rocks burst from the surface, forming a semi-circle. Inside, a strange, glowing being that resembles the Christian image of God appears and greets them. Sybok informs it that he breached the Great Barrier to find it. The being informs Sybok that it wants to use the starship they came in to spread its benevolence to the rest of the galaxy. While the others stare in awe, Kirk asks the being why, if it is all-powerful, it needs a starship to travel from its home. When the being asks who Kirk is and why he would doubt him, Kirk suggests it should know already if it's actually God. Angered, the being suddenly shoots Kirk with an energy bolt, wounding but not killing him. Spock steps forward and demands an answer to Kirk's question and is also hit by an energy bolt. It then threatens McCoy who says he doubts any god that inflicts pain for its purposes. When Sybok asks the being who it really is; it then takes the form of Sybok himself, spewing insults. Sybok then realizes he has made a foolish mistake. Who he thought was the god of the Vulcan people isn't a god to anybody, but a sinister being who has been trapped on the planet and trying to escape. Realizing that his arrogance has now put everybody in terrible danger, Sybok rushes over to Spock and begs his half brother for forgiveness. Then, using his pain removal power as a ruse, Sybok attacks the evil alien. As the two fight viciously, Kirk orders a photon torpedo to hit where they are standing. Sybok is killed in the blast, but it only angers the being even more. As they escape from the being's lair, Kirk has Spock and McCoy beamed up. Klaa then arrives in his ship and fires upon the Enterprise, damaging the transporter beam and leaving Kirk trapped on the planet with the being. Klaa threatens the Enterprise with destruction unless Kirk and his crew surrender to him. Spock turns to General Korrd, who is one of Klaa's commanding officers, to do something. Kirk runs, and is finally cornered by the evil being, when Klaa's Bird-of-Prey appears and blasts the creature, destroying it. Kirk thinks he's done for when he's beamed aboard the Bird-of-Prey. On board is General Korrd who barks a few orders to Captain Klaa. Klaa apologizes, saying he made an unauthorized attack on the Enterprise. He also introduces his new gunner, Spock, who fired the blast that destroyed the evil being on the planet below. Kirk says he thought he was finished, Spock informs him that he was never alone. Both Klingons and humans and other Federation races alike later attend a reception on the Enterprise that suggests a new era of cooperation has begun. The film closes with Kirk, Spock and McCoy back on Earth in Yosemite National Park once again sitting around a campfire and singing "Row, Row, Row Your Boat".
tt1720616
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Six friends are enjoying life without responsibilities, until married couple Leslie and Alex fall pregnant. This is quickly followed by Ben and Missy's pregnancy. Life changes, as it becomes harder for the friends to meet up. The remaining two friends, Jason and Julie, have been best friends for years and live in the same New York apartment building. Following their friends route into parenting, they begin to question whether they too would like to have kids. They decide on a plan to have a baby together and carry-on with their platonic relationship. They share the childcare and they each begin a new relationship with other people. The plan appears to be going very well. Life as parents becomes increasingly difficult for the once passionate Ben and Missy, as they have become distant and resentful of each other. An honest dinner conversation, between all the friends, on a ski trip brings everything to the surface. On returning home, they decide to separate. Meanwhile, after some kind words from Jason about her at the dinner table, Julie comes to realize that she harbors feelings for Jason. She later admits these feelings to him during dinner in a restaurant. He rejects her, as he is in love with his current girlfriend and doesn't see Julie in this way. She moves out of their apartment to Brooklyn and they continue to share custody of their child. Later, his relationship ends because they have different views about children - she doesn't want to have any. Jason then realizes that he has feelings for Julie. He goes to her Brooklyn apartment and and confesses his feelings. She is scepitcal at first but he manages to convince her.
tt1592873
Comedy,Drama,Romance
In this re-make of the 2008 French movie of nearly the same name and set in Chicago, Illinois, Lola (Miley Cyrus) leads an ordinary life, with her boyfriend Chad (George Finn), and best friends Emily (Ashley Hinshaw), Janice (Lina Esco) and Kyle (Douglas Booth). When they return to school after summer vacation, Lola discovers that Chad has cheated on her over the summer, so the two of them break up. Lola and Kyle begin to realize that they have feelings for each other and pursue a relationship, but this is complicated due to the fact that Chad and Kyle are friends, and Lola's "enemy" Ashley (Ashley Greene) wants to date Kyle. Kyle and his band want to compete in the battle of the bands, but Kyle's father doesn't support Kyle's passion for music and feels that it is getting in the way of his schoolwork. During the movie, Lola records all of these events in her video diary. Lola's mother, Anne (Demi Moore), is a divorce who frequently has sex with her ex-husband, Allen (Thomas Jane) until she finds out that Allen has been sleeping with another woman at the same time. Anne also begins to realize that she and Lola are growing further apart once Lola throws a party and is caught by Anne, who threatens to not allow Lola to go on her class trip to Paris. Things finally start to change when Anne meets police officer James (Jay Hernandez) and they begin to date. During their relationship, James offers Anne advice on how to reconnect with Lola. She takes up the advice. After a presentation at school, Lola looks for Kyle in the bathroom, and overhears two people having sex in the stall. Lola assumes it is Kyle and Ashley after seeing a purse similar to Ashley's peeking out from under the stall. Afterwords, Lola confronts Ashley, who doesn't deny it. A huge argument breaks out between Kyle and Lola, where Lola accuses Kyle of cheating on her, and the two break up. After the break up, Lola is determined to make Kyle jealous, and tries to do so by making out with her childhood friend Jeremy (Jean-Luc Bilodeau). Meanwhile, Lola and Anne reconnect, and Anne allows Lola to go on the class trip to Paris. While on the Paris trip, Emily finally admits to Lola it was actually her and her secret boyfriend Wen (Adam Sevani) in the bathroom, not Ashley and Kyle. After this realization, Lola and Kyle get back together and Lola spends the night with Kyle where he is staying and they have sex for the first time. When they all return home, Lola sticks up for Ashley when Chad calls her a hoe. Ashley thanks her for this and it seems they could be friends again in the future. Meanwhile, Anne finds Lola's diary and finds out that Lola has slept with Kyle, made out with Emily while "lesbo experimenting" and done drugs (smoking pot, freebasing, etc). She confronts Lola, and the two of them have a huge falling-out, causing Lola to move in with her dad. Eventually, Lola and Anne reconcile and Lola moves back in with her mother. Kyle's band wins battle of the bands with his father's support. Kyle and Lola stay together and Ashley and Chad begin to date. The film ends with Anne and Lola laughing out loud while cuddling.
tt0457510
Comedy,Family,Sport
Igncio (Jack Black) is a young orphan boy dreaming of becoming the world's greatest luchador (Spanish wrestler) and decides to test his fighting skills in a monastary graveyard. He is discovered by monks and is taken to be cleansed and made into the orphanage chef. This does not bode well for young Igncio, but he does his duty and continues to do so even after fifteen years, although not entirely successfully.. As an adult, Igncio still dreams of becoming the ultimate luchador, but has been taught that wrestling is a sin. To make matters worse, he meets his soul mate, a nun, Sister Encarnacin (Ana de la Reguera) who has been hired as the orphans' teacher. He is smitten with her, but knows the relationship will never work for they both have take an oath of celibacy. Nevertheless, he goes to speak with her and invites her to have toast with him in his quarters, but is interrupted by the lead monk (Eduardo Gmez) who tells him to visit a man sick with influenza. Igncio reluctantly obeys. Upon arriving at the man's house, Igncio meets the man's wife, but sees that the man is apparently dead. He begins to give a eulogy, but as he does so, the man awakes from a deep sleep. This terrifies Igncio and he leaves to take care of other duties. As he travels through the village on his trademark chariot (a motorized chariot-like shopping cart), he stops at a local eatery to pick up the free chips that the restaurant's owner leaves each day for the orphans. He is unexpectedly attacked by an extremely skinny street urchin (Hector Jimnez), who steals the chips and leaves Igncio bruised and disgraced. That night, on the way back to the orphanage, Igncio witnesses a luchador, the great Ramses (Cesar Gonzalez), being adored and worshipped by his many fans. Igncio finds out that a tag-team tournament will be offered to new luchadors, and this grabs the attention of our dismayed hero. Igncio and Encarnacion later enjoy toast in Igncio's quarters and he sheds some light on his past. He then goes on to tell Encarnacion of his feelings about the monastary, and tells her of the luchador he encountered in the village. She tells him that luchadors are false idols, and to be patient, for his passion to fight should soon pass away. The next day, the monks complain about the missing chips. Igncio tries to explain the situation, but his efforts fall on deaf ears. Angered, Igncio leaves the monastary and heads to the village with a handful of leftover chips. He throws them into the alleyway where he was previously attacked. He waits behind a wall for the homeless assailant to pounce. He almost succeeds in sneaking up on him, but gives himself away when he breaks wind. He tackles the man and they begin to fight. During the fight, Igncio asks the man if he would join him in the tournament. At first, Steven, the homeless man, ignores the proposition, but after hearing that there is a grand prize of two hundred pesos, he decides to team up with Igncio. They make two makeshift luchador uniforms out of stolen items, train themselves with unusual methods, and then enter into the tournament. Igncio and Steven now go by the names Nacho and Esqueleto (Nacho is a nickname for Igncio; Esqueleto means "skeleton" in Spanish which suits malnourished Steven perfectly), and face their first two opponents, El Semental (Igncio Camarena) and El Pony (Carlos Barroso). Esqueleto is struck down by El Semental, but Nacho gives El Pony a run for his money. At one point, it seems that Nacho and Esqueleto are nearing victory, until Nacho is knocked unconcious by El Semental. Although they failed to win the tournament, Nacho and Esqueleto are given a well-portioned consolation prize. Nacho spends his part of the winnings on better food for the orphans' meals, and begins to draw out plans for a new uniform, a baby-blue and red one. Luckily, Steven has a knowledge of sewing and helps Igncio create their new outfits. Chancho (Darius Rose), an orphan child, catches Nacho trying on his outfit in the monastary, but promises to never tell a soul. As Nacho and Esqueleto prepare for their next fight, Nacho hassles Esqueleto about his beliefs in science, and not in the Lord. He unofficially baptizes him, and then they head on to the fight. This time, they are pitted against two midget wrestlers known as Satan's Cavemen (Agustin Rey and Ricardo Castillo). Although they are small, they prove worthy adversaries for our heroes, and after a struggle they defeat Nacho and Esqueleto. Once again, however, the duo are paid a hefty consolation prize. This time they spend their cash polishing up their physical appearances. Igncio buys new clothes and boots, and Steven gets a pedicure and a charicature. Igncio tells Steven about his feelings for Encarnacion, and Steven concocts a plan. He proposes that Nacho should take Encarnacion on a date, and that he would show up with some of his hobo buddies to beat Nacho up, but that they would let him win. Igncio likes the sound of this idea. That night, Igncio takes Encarnacion out, by telling her that he wants both of them to minister to a bum he claims he saw previously. Once they get there, Nacho says a few cheesy lines, but then notices two gentlemen walking down the street. Thinking that they are Steven's friends, he challenges them to a fight. They ignore him, but he runs up to the two men and rips one of the mens' jackets. They turn and face Igncio, but he is already in his fighting position. However, he hears Steven's voice far off and sees him with his real hobo friends. This distracts Nacho, giving the two men enough time to sucker-punch Igncio, knocking him unconscious. The next day, Nacho is humiliated and expresses his anger at Steven for being late. Steven feels bad for Igncio, and tells him about a secret water gypsy who uses magical eagle eggs to grant peoples' desires. Nacho sees this as an opportunity to gain power as a luchador and the two embark on a journey to see the gypsy. When they arrive, they sail over to a cliff in the water where an eagle's nest is precariously perched. The gypsy tells Nacho to climb the cliff and to eat one of the eggs, and that this will give him the strength he needs. Igncio makes the strenuous and difficult climb to the cliff's peak, and cracks open an egg and swallows the yolk inside. He then dives off the cliff into the sea below. Contrary to the gypsy's promises, Nacho and Esqueleto's next fights against the luchadors Paradise (Albert Madrid), Sage (Lauro Chartrand), and many others prove disastrous. Nacho feels that he was lied to and tells Esqueleto that they need to go pro if they wish to advance in their wrestling careers. He makes a plan to go to a party being thrown by Senor Ramon (Enrique Munoz), the best manager in wrestling. The next day, Igncio takes the orphans on a field trip to see the village. He humorously gives insight into the town's various locales, and then he and the orphans see Ramses and other luchadors leaving the gym. The orphans ask Nacho to get Ramses's autograph, but after trying to persuade the wrestler for his signature, Ramses gets annoyed and shoves Nacho into a melon cart. Nacho then gives up trying. That night, after Steven once again sews new outfits for himself and Igncio to wear to the party, Igncio tells Encarnacion not to worry about getting the orphans food, but that he would do this himself. Nacho and Esqueleto then head to the party. After failing to get past the party's bouncers, Igncio boosts Steven over a wall so that he can get in. Although Steven cannot lift Nacho, he is able to sneak in by pretending to be a member of the hired mariachi band. Steven strikes up a conversation with Senor Ramon, who who tells him about an upcoming tournament known as the Battle Jam. The winnner of this competition receives eight hundred pesos, and is given a chance to fight against the current champion, Ramses. Steven accidentally attracts the attention of Ramon's plus-sized daughter, Candidia (Carla Jimenez), and she is instantly love-struck. Meanwhile, Igncio tries his best to pretend to play the bass guitar with the band. Steven goes upstairs to relax and finds Candidia's extensive doll collection. He accidentally breaks one of the dolls, but is surprised to find Candidia sitting right next to him in the room. She instantly forgives him. Naturally, Steven asks how she got upstairs so fast. Her reply is that she installed secret tunnels throughout the house. Obviously freaked out, Esqueleto makes a mad dash to leave, but Candidia travels down her secret tunnel. At the same time, Igncio is asked to sing a song, so he makes one up right on the spot. However, his composition doesn't go over well, and Ramses shows his disapproval by pouring out his wine on Nacho's shirt. Screams can be heard over the crowd though, and Nacho goes over to see what the matter is. He finds that Candidia is trying to pull Steven into her secret tunnel, and tries to help by slamming her with his bass. He misses, and accidentally hits Steven. The two are then kicked out of the party. As they travel back to the chariot, they see two rival luchadors, whom Nacho and Esqueleto almost beat, slashing their tires. They engage them, but keep their disatance because their foes have knives. Steven uses an ear of corn he had been munching on as a projectile, and lands it in his foe's eye socket. The duo push the cart back to the orphanage, and then Nacho remembers that he forgot to the get the groceries. It's too late to go back however, because it is now approaching daybreak, so he takes his anger out on Steven. He blames him for his shortcomings and Esqueleto replies by saying that he hates all the orphans in the world. Later that day, Igncio attends mass and prays for forgivness and that God would bless him in battle so that he could win money for the orpans. He goes to light a candle at the altar, but accidentally sets his robes on fire. The congregation sees the luchador outfit Nacho was wearing underneath his robes, and soon realizes what he has been doing. Nacho tells the monks and Encarnacion about his plan to win the Battle Jam and give his winnings to the orphans for all of their needs. He leaves the orphanage to go to the Battle Jam, where he must fight several fighters all at once. The fighters include Silencio (Donald Chambers), El Snowflake (Craig Williams), Dynasty (Brett Chan), El Chino (Mike Ching), Muneco (Abelardo Hernandez), Carlos Rosales (Emiliano Quiroga), and his trusty companion, Esqueleto. Dynasty, El Snowflake, Muneco, and Carlos Rosales are defeated in the beginning, and Silencio takes out El Chino and Esqueleto at the same time. Nacho approaches Silencio but for some odd reason, Muneco trips Nacho from outside of the ring causing Nacho to fall in front of Silencio. Silencio picks Nacho up and then drops him, once again knocking our hero unconcious, also once again leaving him defeated. Nacho sullenly returns to the orphanage and decides to give up wrestling and spend the rest of his days in the wilderness. Chancho gives Nacho his lucky machete (his mother gave it to him before she died) and then Nacho heads into the wilderness. Ignacio creates a makeshift shelter and lives off of cactus water. The next day, however, Steven drives into the wilderness on the chariot and tries to persuade Nacho to come back to wrestling. As it turns out, it was easy for him to find Nacho because although he thought he was in the wilderness, Nacho was really right next to a small village. Esqueleto tells him that Silencio cannot fight Ramses because he got injured (which is humorously shown in a clip where Esqueleto runs over Silencio's foot with the chariot after Silencio was mean to a poor orphan child) and that Nacho gets to fight Ramses because he came in second place. Nacho is reluctant at first, but agrees to fight him. Igncio writes a letter to Encarnacion which Steven delivers, which tells her of his love for her and of the fight he will be in against Ramses. While in the locker room, Nacho sings a very comical song to Esqueleto which he wrote for Encarnacion, but he is interrupted by an arena worker who tells him that the fight will now begin. Nacho goes into the ring and the battle against Ramses commences. Although there are many close calls, Nacho makes it to the second round. Ramses ignores the bell and begins an all-out street fight against Nacho. Ramses seems to have Nacho pinned until Encarnacion enters the arena with the orphans. The sight of his lover gives Nacho the strength to fight back, and he eventually flings Ramses out of the ring. Nacho then climbs up one of the corner pillars of the ring and dive-bombs towards Ramses. It is here that the eagle powers finally kick in and give Nacho the needed air time to reach Ramses and put him into an unbreakable submission. Against all odds, Nacho comes out victorious and is declared the luchador champion. A week later, Nacho takes Encarnacion, Steven, and the orphans on a field trip to see the Mayan pyramids of Chichen Itza in a newly-purchased bus and closes out this movie with a somewhat disturbing smile.
tt0281358
Drama,Romance
When a prank on a fellow high-school student goes wrong, popular but rebellious Landon Carter (Shane West) is threatened with expulsion. His punishment is mandatory participation in various after-school activities, such as tutoring disadvantaged children and performing in the drama club's spring musical. At these functions he is forced to interact with quiet, bookish Jamie Sullivan (Mandy Moore), a girl he has known for many years but to whom he has rarely ever spoken. Their differing social statures leave them worlds apart, despite their close physical proximity. When Landon has trouble learning his lines, he asks Jamie for help. She agrees to help him if he promises not to fall in love with her. Landon laughs off the strange remark, believing Jamie to be the last person with whom he would ever fall in love. After all, Landon has access to the prettiest and most popular girls in town; and between her shy demeanor and old-fashioned wardrobe, Jamie doesn't exactly fall into that category. Landon and Jamie begin practicing together at her house after school. The two form a tentative friendship, and Landon learns that Jamie has a wish list of all the things she hopes to do in her life, such as getting a tattoo and being in two places at once. One day, Jamie approaches Landon at his locker, where he is hanging out with some of his friends. When Jamie asks Landon if they are still on for practice that afternoon he smirks "In your dreams". His friends laugh and Landon's smirk falters as Jamie's face fills with betrayal and embarrassment. That afternoon Landon arrives at Jamie's house, hoping that Jamie will still agree to help him. But she refuses to open the door. When she eventually does, she sarcastically remarks that they can be "secret friends". She slams the door in his face when he agrees. Landon eventually learns the script by himself. During the play, Jamie astounds Landon and the entire audience with her beauty and voice. Landon kisses Jamie during the play, which was not in the script, and Landon tries to get close to Jamie, but she repeatedly rejects him. It is only after a mean joke played on Jamie by Landon's friends that Jamie agrees to get to know Landon after he punches out Dean and shuns Belinda (his friends who played the joke) and takes Jamie home. The two pursue a relationship. He takes her out to dinner and dances with her, something he never did for anyone else. When he discovers that Jamie has a wish list, he sets out to help her accomplish them. One memorable date had Landon taking Jamie to the state line. He excitedly positions her on the line in just the right way, and when Jamie asks him what he's doing he tells her "You're in two places at once". Her face lights up with joy, as she realizes that Landon set out to make her impossible dreams come true. Jamie finally tells Landon that she has terminal leukemia and has stopped responding to treatments. Landon gets upset at first. Jamie tells him the reason why she didn't tell him because she was moving on with her life and using the time she had left but then Landon happened and she fell in love with him. Jamie starts to break down as she says to Landon "I do not need a reason to be angry with God." and she flees. Landon goes to his doctor father's house and asks him to help Jamie. His father freaks out a bit and says that he needs to examine Jamie and know her medical history before he could do anything. Landon leaves in a huff. Landon and Jamie make up the next day. They hug and he tells her that he will be there for her. Soon, word gets out about Jamie's illness. Eric, Landon's best friend comes and tells him how sorry he is and that he didn't understand. Dean and Belinda both come and apologize. Jamie's cancer gets worse and she collapses in her father's arms. He rushes her to the hospital where he meets Landon. Landon doesn't leave Jamie's side until her father practically has to pry him away. Jamie's father sits with Jamie and tells her that "If I've kept you too close, it's because I wanted to keep you longer." Jamie tells him that she loves him and her father breaks down. The next day, Landon comes to the hospital and sees Jamie being wheeled out of there. He asks what's going on. Jamie asks him to thank his father for her. Landon asks Jamie's father what she means. He tells him that his father is going to pay for private homecare for Jamie. Landon is stunned. Late that night, Landon knocks on his father's front door. His father answers. Landon whispers "thank you." His father hugs him. With all the exhaustion and fear billowing over, Landon breaks down in tears in his dad's arms. Landon continues to fulfill various wishes on Jamie's list, such as building her a telescope so she can see a comet. Through this process, Landon and Jamie learn more about the nature of love. The movie ends with Jamie's death, but only after the couple are married in the same chapel as was Jamie's deceased mother, the event that topped Jamie's wish list. Landon himself becomes a better person through Jamie's memory, achieving the goals that he set out to do, like she did. Four years later, Landon visits Jamie's father. It is obvious that Jamie helped him to focus and become a better person. For example, he reveals he has finished college and been accepted to medical school; prior to meeting her he had no plans for life after high school. He tells Jamie's father that he is sorry he could not grant Jamie's wish to witness "a miracle" before she died. Her father says "She did. It was you".
tt0071577
Drama,Romance
A really good movie, but even a better book.
tt0104691
Action,Adventure,Drama
It is 1757, the French and Indian War rages across the English Colonies and the British have been fighting the French for territory in North America for three years. Indian tribes fight on both sides and the colonists are caught in the middle. Three men, Chingachgook (Russell Means), his son Uncas (Eric Schweig), and adopted white son Hawkeye (Daniel Day-Lewis), visit the frontier home of the Cameron's; John (Terry Kinney), Alexandra (Tracey Ellis), and James (Justin M. Rice). Colonist Jack Winthrop (Edward Blatchford) tells Hawkeye that he is gathering volunteers to fight for the British army in hopes that their homes on the frontier will be guarded against Huron war party attacks, loyal to the French. He and a group of others leave the next morning for Albany in New York to obtain these terms of agreement from General Webb. Webb agrees to grant them leave if their homes are attacked. Satisfied, Winthrop and the others agree to lend their services in the militia and join the British forces at Fort William Henry, sixty miles north of Albany. Meanwhile, Cora Munroe (Madeleine Stowe) and her frail, younger sister Alice (Jodhi May), travel along a forest trail accompanied by a British garrison to see their father, Colonel Edmund Munroe (Maurice Roves), having received notice to meet him there. The garrison is commanded by Major Duncan Howard (Steven Waddington) who is betrothed to Cora. Their route to Fort William Henry is led by a native guide named Magua (Wes Studi) who acts distant towards Duncan and expresses dissent towards the British in his native language, though Duncan is unaware that anything is amiss. Magua then, without reason, turns and walks toward the back of the formation and the garrison is suddenly ambushed by a Huron war party. The women are knocked off their horses and huddle in the undergrowth together as they watch helplessly as the British soldiers are overtaken. At that moment, Chingachgook arrives with Uncas and Hawkeye and fight off the remaining Huron. Magua himself takes aim at Cora but Hawkeye forces him to flee into the forest. When the dust settles, only Cora, Alice, and Duncan are left alive. Hawkeye filters supplies from the dead and assures the survivors that he and his companions will escort them to Fort William Henry. Uncas sends off the remaining horses, explaining that they're too loud and easy to track. The party sets off on foot. En route, Duncan questions Hawkeye and the reason he and his band were traveling west instead of fighting in the militia. Hawkeye explains that he's no scout or militia man, implying that he takes no orders. They soon all come to the Cameron's farm where Hawkeye discovers the inhabitants murdered and the cabin burned. Hawkeye and Uncas note that nothing was stolen and they come to a conclusion that a war party was responsible and are most likely scouring the frontier for hapless colonials. To Cora's astonishment, Hawkeye refuses to bury the dead but assures her that they are not merely strangers to him. Later that night, as they camp, Hawkeye explains to a contrite Cora that if they had buried the Cameron's anyone looking for their trail would see it as a sign of their passing. He speaks with her about how he was found by Chingachgook at a young age after his family was killed and raised as a Mohican and tells her a folktale about the creation of the stars, supposing that therein lies a monument to the Cameron's and his family. He finds an understanding soul in Cora and keeps watch through the night. A Huron hunting party comes close and they ready their defenses, but the party turns back since Hawkeye camped on burial grounds. They are followed by the party through the next day as they near the fort. When they arrive, they find it being bombarded by French cannon fire. They sneak into the fort where they are welcomed and the girls reunited with their father. He is astonished to see them there and maintains that he never sent word for them to come -- Magua had tricked them into joining their father. Grateful to the trappers, he offers them whatever they need, including gunpowder and food. Munroe explains their current situation: the French are persistent and dig trenches daily that, when close enough, will allow range for mortars to bombard the fort. They have three days at best. Having heard that his previous couriers failed to deliver pleas for reinforcements, Munroe decides to send out one more to General Webb (Mac Andrews) at Fort Edward as a last resort. When Hawkeye delivers the troubling news that innocent colonists are being attacked in the frontier, Munroe reacts with disinterest and even Duncan refuses to acknowledge what he saw at the Cameron farm. Winthrop and other militia are angered to hear Munroe's indifference to the colonists and demand to go home to tend to their families, but Munroe threatens them with sedition and commands that anyone seen deserting will be shot on sight. Hawkeye surmises that if the colonists receive no help from the British, they should go to the French. Munroe claims treason but Hawkeye assures him it's nothing but the truth. Munroe dismisses everyone. Magua returns to the French encampment just outside the fort and addresses General Montcalm (Patrice Chreau), giving him the latest updates. When asked why he was targeting Munroe's children, Magua explains his deepest hatred for the man and says that he will kill the women and show Munroe that his bloodline has ended before ripping his heart out. It is later revealed that Munroe was the one responsible for an attack on Magua's village that resulted in the deaths of Magua's children. Magua was sent into slavery and by the time he was able to return to his wife, discovered that she had remarried, thinking him dead. Later, when Cora again meets with Hawkeye in the infirmary, she realizes that she is falling in love with him. When Duncan comes to her, assuring her that all that has happened will be forgotten once they return to England, she dismisses his marriage proposal on the grounds of morality, having witnessed his lies about the Huron war parties attacking the colonists. She sends him off as a man with admirable qualities, but with none she holds highly. She later meets with Hawkeye and the two share a moment of passionate love. Days pass without reinforcements and it's soon discovered that Hawkeye assisted his colonist friends in abandoning the fort. He is arrested for sedition and sentenced to hang. When Cora questions him, asking why he didn't leave too, he claims his only interest remains in the fort: her. She confronts her father, proudly asserting her beliefs that, maybe, the British do more harm to the colonists than good. The fort is soon overrun by the French and Munroe is forced by Montcalm to surrender. The British are allowed to leave the fort with their families to Albany, on condition that they return to England. Reluctantly, Munroe accepts but only after seeing an intercepted letter from General Webb, explaining his refusal to send aid. The British march away from the fort defeated and are quickly ambushed again by a large Huron force led by Magua. Magua seeks out Munroe and personally cuts out his heart, telling him that his daughters are next. Hawkeye is freed by Chingachgook and they take Cora, Alice, and Duncan with Uncas away from the fighting to a cave behind a waterfall. Their gunpowder wet, Hawkeye and the others have no chance to defend themselves if they are found. With Hurons approaching, Hawkeye promises Cora that he will come back to find her, as long as she stays strong. Uncas' feelings for Alice, having grown over time, are evident as he, Chingachgook, and Hawkeye leap into the waterfall. Duncan and the women are then captured by Magua and his men. The captives are taken to a Huron village where Magua discusses with the Sachem (Mike Phillips), or elder, what he intends to do with them. He is then interrupted when an unarmed Hawkeye walks into the village. He is beaten down by Huron warriors as he approaches but maintains a peaceful demeanor. With Duncan translating into French for Hawkeye, he pleads with the Sachem to reconsider what Magua has told him and convinces him that Magua is simply acting out of selfish fulfillment rather than for the good of the tribe. The Sachem renders his decision: Cora is to be burned alive to atone for the loss of Magua's children. Duncan is to be sent back to the British to placate them and Alice is to be given to Magua as a bride so that both their bloodlines can continue. Hawkeye is to be released for his bravery but he speaks again the Sachem's decision, pleading with Duncan to translate that he will take Cora's place instead. However, Duncan purposefully mistranslates so that he, not Hawkeye, is taken to be burned alive. He tells Hawkeye to take Cora as Magua resentfully leaves with Alice and Duncan is taken away. Hawkeye takes Cora into the forest where they are reunited with Chingachgook and Uncas. There, Hawkeye takes aim and mercifully shoots Duncan to spare him further pain as he's burned on the stake. Uncas immediately runs ahead of the others in pursuit of Magua's band, set on rescuing Alice. He manages to kill several members of the group before facing Magua. However, Magua quickly dispatches Uncas by stabbing him in the side. Uncas looks at Alice, apologetic, before Magua slits his throat and throws his body over the cliffside. Chingachgook and Hawkeye see this and, in a rage, Chingachgook charges ahead. Magua then motions for Alice to rejoin him as she looks at Uncas' body over the edge. She moves away and, as Cora watches, throws herself off the cliff to join Uncas in death. As Chingachgook races ahead to face Magua, Hawkeye covers his trail, shooting any Huron who comes in his way with deadly accuracy. Chingachgook and Magua face off with Chingachgook coming out the victor and effectively avenging his son. After a ritual for Uncas, Chingachgook tells Hawkeye that this land is not meant for his kind anymore and that it will be lived upon by those like Hawkeye, Cora, and their children. He then says a prayer to the spirits and asks his family to be patient in death and wait for him, the last of the Mohicans.
tt0183790
Action,Adventure,Romance
(As it was said, may contain SPOILERS. Well, I guess.. that's ME, as this is my favorite movie and my Favorite Actor died at my same age of 28, HEATH LEDGER) The film takes place in the medieval times and contains many anachronisms, as it contains music and wordings that do not fit those times. It started with 3 faithful & loyal squires: Roland (Mark Addy), Wat (Alan Tudyk) and William (Heath Ledger). As they are on their way to Victory, all 4 together with the Knight took a little rest and when Roland came to his lord (their knight) he found out that he is no longer breathing and is already dead. They no longer have the chance to participate in the final round of Jousting, (a sport during the Medieval times). William took the armor vest and wore it to join the jousting, where he won consecutively. Together with the 2 squires, he trained himself the use of Sword and Lance as it may be his edge for such game. When they are on their way to a place were there is a Jousting and Sword competition, they encountered a writer, Geoffrey Chaucer. He joined the three and he stood as the Herald of Sir Ulrich Von Lichtenstein from Gelderland, the name William has adopted to pose as a nobleman. Geoff presented Ulrich to the panel and told them that Sir Ulrich will compete for Sword and Jousting. As Ulrich was wandering around that area, singing, he saw a beautiful lady (Shannyn Sossamon)and he followed her. Insisting for her name, the lady asked if he would care if she is ugly. Ulrich was speechless. Ulrich had just finished his first jousting round, when a man approached him and he said that he was there because of Ulrich's Herald. He found out that Geoff had a serious gambling problem. He was unclothed by two men as his punishment. Ulrich asked the two men to release him and give him back his clothes and repay them after the game. They then released Geoff and on their way out, Geoff said that he actually is a writer, he lied before and has gambling issues. Ulrich started to compete with the sword just after they talked. People were so impressed, as he gains consecutive wins. He's proclaimed a Sword Champ. Prepared for another jousting, Sir Ulrich pointed to Geoff the woman he liked, it's the woman he saw while he was roaming in the crowded area. Geoff commented that Ulrich is so ambitious and is going too far now. William persists to ask the lady her name. The lady didn't say her name, instead she said, "You Persist?" Another knight was sitting beside the lady, Count Adhemar (Rufus Sewell) and humiliated him about the suit of armor Ulrich was wearing and of how Ulrich says his name. Ulrich was pissed, he left and went on to his game. During one of his games, he faced the Black Prince of Wales and hit him with 2 points. Realizing that the competitor belongs to royal blood, Ulrich calls it a draw and spared Prince Edward. He impressed the crowd with his fearless fight and merciful judgment. Even Count Adhemar and his Herald were impressed. From one of his games, he had a very strong hit on the chest and his vest needs to be fixed. They went to several blacksmiths, but the blacksmiths asks for a "money-down-to-fix". One of the blacksmiths suggested they try approaching the Lady Farrier just next to them and see what she can do. Kate, the Lady Farrier, also refused and said that she doesn't work for free, but when she felt that she was underestimated by the other blacksmiths, she took Ulrich's vest and successfully fixed it. Before the game starts with Count Adhemar as his contender, the lady's maid approached William and said she had a message from the lady. The lady wished to tell William that her name is Lady Jocelyn and handed over a piece of cloth. William accepted it gratefully and was inspired. With two consecutive nice hits to Count Adhemar, and Adhemar not hitting Ulrich, he decided to hit Ulrich on the face and flash of William's memory went on during his childhood with his father, wishing that one day he'll change the stars and he'll be a knight. When the game ended, Count Adhemar picked up the piece of cloth that Ulrich had dropped. Adhemar handed back the cloth to Lady Jocelyn and she left without a word. After winning, Ulrich paid Geoff's penalty to Simon the Summoner (Steven O'Donnell) and Peter the Pardoner (Jonathan Slinger) from Rouen. Kate commented that the armor which Ulrich was wearing was not originally made for him, and she offered to make new armor. Ulrich asked how much would it cost. She said it would cost nothing, but instead take her as far as Paris. Ulrich refused and said that they walk alone, then asked her to take her gold (a payment for the vest fix). As they were packing up their stuff, Geoff suggested to them that they should stay and Ulrich should attend the dance party. Ulrich and Geoff had an argument about whether he should attend or not. Minutes after, Lady Jocelyn's maiden approached them and ask what color and kind of tunic Ulrich will wear in the dance party. As Geoff answered that they wouldn't be attending, Ulrich blocked Geoff and said don't speak of things he doesn't understand. Ulrich asked Roland what tunic he will wear tonight. Roland, shocked, described the attire based on the tent that he is facing. Then the maiden left. Ulrich dejectedly said he couldn't dance. All 5 of them, Kate, Geoff, Wat, Roland and Ulrich went to a place where they can work on Ulrich's Tunic and Dance problem. Kate and Geoff helped teach the dance. Wat, being bullied by Geoff as always, became Ulrich's partner during the practice, while Roland fixes the tunic. Roland managed to make the tunic while William learns the steps. Ulrich attended the gathering. He and Lady Jocelyn both wore green colored attires. They dance similar to a Farandol but with lots of differences, (especially modern moves. OST- Golden Years by David Bowie) which makes the scenario anachronism. Jousting took place again the next day were Count Alemar is to face the Black Prince of Wales: Prince Edward as his opponent. Alemar calls it a draw. Just to impress the crowd. Ulrich on the other hand, though he was informed that he will be fighting against Prince Edward for the second time, decides to fight him anyway. Wat, Ronald and Geoff told Ulrich about this but Ulrich still went on with the fight and hit Prince Edward squarely in the chest with 2 points. Edward loses the game. Geoff approach Ulrich and ask if he knows what he's doing. Ulrich told Geoff that Edward is taking the risk and is putting himself to danger and told Edward that he knows that he is a prince. Edward appeared stunned and wondered why Ulrich would still go on even if he knew what he is. Ulrich said that it is not in him to withdraw. "But it happens" added Prince Edward. Sir Ulrich was named Jousting Champion. But William/Ulrich still has the feeling of a 2nd placer as Count Alemar withdraws and he did not defeat him in a Joust. They went through different jousting competitions and they couldn't find Count Alemar. Unknown by them, count Alemar went to Gelderland to research Sir Ulrich's genealogy. He failed to see Ulrich's name on the painting as he doesn't exist. He found out that Ulrich is a fraud. Ulrich sent a sweet letter that was composed by him, Kate, Wat, Ronald and Geoff writing it for Lady Jocelyn and asking if she would come to Paris. Jocelyn got the letter, had tears in her eyes and Wat asked if she has something for his master in return. Jocelyn smiled. Wat, going back to were Ulrich and the rest were, said that Jocelyn is going to Paris with them. Sir Ulrich asked if she gave something in return. Wat kissed William on the lips and William shouted YES. He knew that Lady Jocelyn just send him the kiss. HE was so HAPPY! In Paris, Ulrich/William meets w/ Jocelyn in a church, where she tells him that if he truly loved her, he would lose. Ulrich tells her that's nuts. The next day at the jousting tournament, however, Ulrich intentionally loses all his matches...until, that is, Jocelyn sends word that if he loves her, he'll not lose another match & will win the tournament...which he does. That nite Jocelyn tells him that she knows his friends sometimes call him William, but she doesn't care what his name is. She crawls into bed w/ him, & tho he's hurt from the losses earlier that day, they seem to be able to get the deed done. . On their way to London, William had a flashback of a childhood memory. It was a time when he and his father were on their way to London on a boat. It was at that time that young William came to the attention of the knight who apprenticed him. He's torn between wanting to go w/ the knight & not wanting to leave his father. His father gives him his blessing & tells him all he has to do to find his way back is to follow his feet. Now that they are in London, Geoff informed Ulrich (William) that Count Alemar is on the list to compete. Ulrich and Alemar saw each other and Count Alemar said that Lady Jocelyn will be his bride no matter what it takes. That night Ulrich, on his horse, roams around the area while it is raining when he sees a little girl playing with a stick like it was her lance. The little girl told Ulrich that he was her favorite knight and she wondered why Ulrich is roaming in that area. Ulrich told the little girl that he used to live there and he asks the little girl if he knows a man who looks like a knight that had lived just around the other corner, but probably died long ago, possibly before she was born. The little girl told Ulrich that she also lives there and she knows the man Ulrich is pertaining to. She said that the man still lives there, but is blind and been there for years. Ulrich, with his curiosity went to that place and saw an old man fixing a fisherman's net. John Thatcher (William's Father) heard a squeak from the stairs and asked "if somebody is there?" He thought that the person on the stairs was the owner of the net and advised him to come back tomorrow as he is not yet done with it. Then, John Thatcher asked again, "Who Are You?". Ulrich answered "A Knight" and said that he is Ulrich. John said that he knew him as his name is being chanted in the stadium. John asked what business he has there. Ulrich said that he has a message for John coming from his son. John was stunned. He asked him to come inside and asked for his son's message. Ulrich said that "Your son has changed his stars". With teary eyes, John has recognized this phrase and asked if his son has followed his feet. Ulrich answered "YES". And he knew that the knight standing in front of him, the one with whom he is now speaking, is his SON WILLIAM. They hugged each other and cried. They had dinner and William mentioned that he has a girlfriend. His father told him that he wants to meet her. But Ulrich changed the topic to the water dripping from the roof. William fixes the leak. Unknown to him, Count Alemar has followed him and confirmed that he is a fraud and doesn't belong to a Royal line. In the morning, Ulrich is so happy that he told Wat, Ronald and Kate that he has spoken with his father and it was a great time in his life. Geoff and Jocelyn approach. The four of them appear as if someone has died. William asks why they are sad. Geoff and Jocelyn tell William that people knew already who he was and they are waiting for him to be arrested and put in the stocks. All were shocked with the terrible news and Ronald suggested packing their things up. William refused and asked Lady Jocelyn what she thinks. Lady Jocelyn suggested to RUN and do it for LOVE, instead of seeing him being placed in the stocks. Ronald, Kate, Wat and Geoff agreed with Lady Jocelyn. But furious William firmly refused and said "I'M A KNIGHT", indicating that I Knight would not be so cowardly. Ronald commented that everything must be put to an end. They prepared Ulrich and they went to the game. Officers approached them and told William that he should remove himself from the game of honor. But William answered that he is there to compete. They said that he is here to be arrested. And he was arrested and was put in jail. Count Alemar visited William and reiterates the words he keeps on saying while he punches him. With every punch he says "YOU HAVE BEEN WEIGHED", "YOU HAVE BEEN MEASURED" "AND YOU HAVE BEEN FOUND WANTING". Then with a last punch on the stomach, Count Alemar leaves. The next day, William is placed in the stocks and there's one boy who slapps his head as everyone applaudes what the boy has done. Ronald, Wat, Kate and Geoff stand by his side and don'tt leave him. 2 men with hoods stand there in the audience and when they reveal their faces. the people find out that it is the Black Prince of Wales, Prince Edward. He approaches William and tells him how William's men love him and if he knew nothing else about him that would be enough. He tells the guards to release William and ask how he can repay the kindness William once showed him. He asks William to kneel. Prince Edward takes his sword and proclaimes William, SIR William. Applause went on and Prince Edward asks William if he is fit to compete. He said that he can prepare for his opponent. Sir William, officially the new knight, thanked his lord, Prince Edward. The Final battle between Sir William and Count Alemar has come. Alemar cheats by placing a sharp tip on his lance. They rode and Count Alemar hit William on the right side of his chest. The tipped lance was left in his chest and Ronald had to pull it out. Wat and Geoff found out that Alemar is cheating. William is severely injured by the 1st attack. And with much pain in his chest, he dropped his lance and was hit again for the 2nd time by Count Alemar. Ronald said that the only way to win the game is un-horse him or to kill him. Being in so much pain, he asked Kate to remove his Armor Vest so he can breathe well. He asked her not to put it back again. Kate looks at Ronald and he agreed. He couldn't carry the lance anymore so he asked Wat to tie the lance on his arm. Wat looks at Ronald again and he said do whatever William says. When the game is about to start, Geoff made a heartfelt introduction for William,from the Prince's viewing box, to buy him time to get the lance lashed to his arm, as the joust was about to start and Will was not yet ready. Geoff introduced him as the son of John Thatcher and with his official title, everybody knew that he is Sir William Thatcher. Wat told William that everybody heard Williams name including his father. Geoff said "Godspeed William". William with no vest and a a lance tied to his arm, rode on his horse and fought with Count Alemar. When he is about to reach Count Alemar, he shouted "WILLIAM" and hit Alemar squarely in the chest, bringing him down off his horse. Count Alemar fell and had a vision of himself flat on his back on the ground, with the 5 people he hates. Wat stood above him saying "HE HAS BEEN WEIGHED", then comes Ronald saying "YOU HAVE BEEN MEASURED", then Kate said "AND YOU ABSOLUTELY" Geoff came above him and added "HAVE BEEN FOUND WANTING" finally, William completed the circle saying WELCOME TO THE NEW WORLD. GOD SAVE YOU, IF IT'S THE RIGHT THING TO DO. Then they left him. Victoriously, William and his friends rejoiced. His father is so pleased and so is Prince Edward. Lady Jocelyn is so proud of him. The story ends where Ronald, Kate, Geoff and Wat were leaning forward at the center of the stadium as Geoff is thinking about writing a story about everything that had happened, bullying Wat "Maybe Not Yours". End "In Memory of Heath Ledger"
tt0091790
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Andie comes from a poor home, is a bit of an outcast at school and works at a record store. She takes care of her dad, who is still a bit lost after being left by Andie's Mom years ago. Duckie is her best friend who has secretly been in love with her since childhood. Enter Blaine, A popular rich kid who is interested in Andie despite the social pressure from his friends. After a couple days of flirting Blaine eventually asks Andie out, much to Duckie's disappointment. Andie is initially very excited but feels out of place when Blaine takes her to a party and his friends are less then accepting. They leave and go to one of Andie's favorite hangouts, A bar with live music, but the Blaine gets a less the welcome reception from Duckie. Despite the social world differences the two want to make it work and Blaine asks Andie to Prom. Blaine's douche bag friend Steff get's to him though and Blaine backs out of the prom date. Andie eventually decides to go anyways, is meet there by Duckie, and they reconcile their friendship. Blaine realizes he was wrong and apologies to Andie, Duckie relents and tells her to go after him, and Andie and Blaine make up and out in the parking lot and everything is golden in 80's teen romance land.
tt0099653
Drama,Fantasy,Romance
Sam Wheat (Patrick Swayze), a banker, and Molly Jensen (Demi Moore), a talented potter, are a loving couple who move into a New York City apartment. At work, Sam discovers discrepancies in some bank accounts and confides in his good friend and colleague, Carl Bruner (Tony Goldwyn). Carl offers to investigate the matter, but Sam decides to investigate himself. Soon afterward, Sam and Molly are attacked by armed thug Willy Lopez (Rick Aviles), after leaving a theater and Sam is killed by a gunshot in an ensuing fight with Willy. Sam's ghost arises from the dead body next to the distraught Molly and he gradually realizes that he is a ghost whose presence cannot be seen or heard. Sam meets Oda Mae Brown (Whoopi Goldberg), a con-artist posing as a medium and realizes she can hear him, although Oda Mae had been faking her abilities until then. Oda Mae is persuaded by Sam to tell Molly that she is in danger because Willy still has his wallet containing their address, but Molly is still in shock and will not believe Oda Mae. Carl convinces Molly that Oda Mae is a fraud. Sam discovers that Carl was involved in a money laundering scheme at the bank and that the attack was an attempt by Carl to acquire Sam's security codes. Molly remains unconvinced by Oda Mae's messages and even talks to the Police, but they inform her that Oda Mae is a known confidence trickster. Sam learns from an aggressive New York City subway poltergeist (Vincent Schiavelli) how to master the skill of moving solid objects by his mental powers alone. He persuades Oda Mae to thwart Carl's money laundering scheme by impersonating the owner of Carl's fake bank account. With Sam sitting next to her unseen, she withdraws the balance and closes the account, donating the amount ($4 million) to a homeless shelter. Carl is desperate when he cannot access the fake bank account which is now closed. He learns that Oda Mae closed the account and declares that if the money is not returned, he will kill Molly. Sam catches Willy in Oda Mae's apartment and physically attacks him. Terror-stricken, Willy attempts to escape from Sam but is killed in a traffic accident. Willy's ghost arises, only to be grabbed by a group of howling demons and pulled into the shadows, presumably to Hell. Afterwards, Sam and Oda Mae return to Molly's apartment to warn her about Carl, but she refuses to let her in and breaks down in grief. Sam enters the apartment and tells Ode Mae to push a penny under the front door, which Sam lifts into the air in front of Molly. Astonished, she finally realizes the truth and lets Ode Mae inside. After calling the Police about Carl, Ode Mae allows Sam to possess her body, allowing him and Molly to share a dance one final time. Carl arrives, prepared to murder Molly and Oda Mae, but they flee. Sam is left momentarily weakened by the possession, leaving Molly and Oda Mae to fend for themselves against Carl. After evading him for a brief time, he seizes Ode Mae and threatens her at gunpoint for the money. Molly comes to Oda Mae's rescue and is knocked aside just as a fully recovered Sam arrives to help them. Finally, Carl attempts to flee through a nearby window, but not before flinging a scaffolding hook in Sam's direction. The hook swings back and partially shatters the glass in the upper part of the window, which plummets down on Carl as he is climbing through, impaling him through the chest. Carl becomes a ghost himself much to his astonishment and to Sam's grief. Sam then watches in silence as the shadowy demons arrive and drag a screaming Carl away into the darkness. As Sam goes to Oda Mae and Molly and asks if they are all right, Molly suddenly realizes that she can hear him. As a heavenly light begins to fill the room, Sam becomes fully visible to both Molly and Oda Mae. Sam looks behind him and sees hundreds of people, presumably angels. Now realizing that his task is completed, he can finally move on. After thanking Oda Mae for everything she has done to help him, Sam says an emotional farewell to Molly and departs to the after life.
tt0101635
Comedy,Drama,Family
This film starts with the bag with alot of stuff in it. And somebody taking the stuff out of it for the baby that was shown in baby's crib.After few scenes,it shows a man holding the baby feeding her.Hes the one taking stuff out of the bag for her.But wheres the mother?It will shows scenes that he was taking care of her.few years later,they were on the road,looking for somebody to take them somewhere.She drew the picture of her fingers.Scene goes back to them walking.then she drew a ring on her finger on the picture.showing that she really put it on. Now shes a 9 or 10 year old girl name curly sue with her father...seriously wheres her mother?they are driv....riding in the car on the train somewhere. The next scene will be in a metropolitan city where the blond hair lady is with her consumer ms. Arnold about her husband. the next scene, curly and her dad riding up this elevator thing.still no sign of her mom.They are walking again.Stopping by a fancy restuarant.but they got kicked out due to him have no tie. Next scene, the Grey the blonde hair lady is talking a guy.and blonde hair lady consumer husband name is frank. Next scene, Curly dad wants her to hit him with the plank very hard. Next scene,grey went to the garage to get her car.As she pulling out,curly sue wack the car and her dad very hard again.Pranking that grey ran over her dad so they can have dinner. Next scene, a guy said"this is a goddamn joke and look at his watch. Next scene,the camera showed a restuarant where curly,her dad and grey are eating at for dinner. Grey called that guy and he asked where she been.She told him that he hit a man with her car.hes furious and rush to check up on her.he saw her with a kid and her father.her dad was name bill aka william dancer.he said that he doesnt have a mom.and she doesnt have a mom.He told her to wash her hands and brush her teeth. Next scene,Grey and her boyfriend are at this banquet or whatever.and she started to feel bad for the man she ran over.while curly and bill are walking.They slept in chuch.where the old man stole curly's ring.The old man sold her ring. Next scene,they walking and he felt sorry for her ring.decide to buy her a new ring.But she doesnt need it. Next scene,grey and her boyfriend are talking about arnolds divorce. Next scene, they are inside the church.Talking about bill getting a job and go to art museum.But she decline that. So he decided to take her to school.But cant due to bill doesnt have her in legal custody. And she tells him that if they got the money from grey,they would be on the road. But grey was too smart and pretty to steal.
tt0112697
Comedy,Romance
Cher Horowitz (Alicia Silverstone) is a wealthy, popular 15-year-old who lives in Beverly Hills with her widowed father, Mel (Dan Hedaya), in an enormous house, enjoying the luxurious life that Mel provides as a very successful lawyer. Though good-natured, Cher is naive and caught up in a superficial lifestyle revolving around expensive clothes and the social hierarchy of her school. Her best friend Dionne (Stacey Dash) has a similar outlook on life, though she dates a high school boy named Murray (Donald Fasion), which Cher claims is a pointless endeavor. Cher's debate teacher, Mr. Hall (Wallace Shawn), gives her a C grade for the semester, which starts a dramatic chain of events. Dionne, who got a lackluster grade as well, hatches a plan with Cher to find a romantic interest for Mr. Hall, thus making him happy enough to consider boosting their grades. They select another teacher, Miss Geist (Twink Caplan), as the chief candidate, and slip a fake love letter into her mail cubby. She soon begins dating Mr. Hall, and both teachers become much more lax with their grading. Cher works her grade up to an A minus, greatly impressing her father. At home, Cher interacts with Josh (Paul Rudd), the college-age son of one of Mel's ex-wives, who often stays at the Horowitz home to avoid his mother and new stepfather. Josh and Cher usually have a typical sibling relationship, with mild arguing and teasing. Josh is nearly the polar opposite of Cher: an earthy, environmentalist, do-gooder.. Tai Frasier (Brittany Murphy), is a grungy artist with a trusting disposition and a clueless grasp of high school popularity, transfers to Cher's school. Cher and Dionne befriend Tai, and decide to give her a makeover to improve her social standing. However, Tai sparks up a romance with cheerful, skateboarding stoner Travis (Breckin Meyer). Cher attempts to steer Tai toward the rich and popular Elton (Jeremy Sisto), and leads her in after-school workout sessions. Josh disapproves of Cher's project with Tai, and accuses her of attempting to turn an innocent girl into a superficial brat. Through a series of subtle hints, Cher gets Tai and Elton to notice each other. Tai is giddy with excitement, and while surprisingly receptive, Elton pays much more direct attention to Cher. To present the newly made-over Tai to the high school elite, Cher and Dionne bring her to a party. Once again they attempt to steer her toward Elton, and believe that they made a connection when Tai is knocked unconscious with a projectile shoe, and Elton revives her with an ice pack. However, when departing, Cher winds up being driven home by Elton, who makes a pass at her, revealing that he had been interested in her all along. Cher is shocked and repulsed, and Elton abandons her in a parking lot far from home, where she's immediately mugged, and is forced to call Josh from a payphone to come pick her up. On the drive home, Cher suggests that they pick up food for Mel and his colleagues, who are working on a difficult case at the house. Impressed by Cher's consideration, Josh begins to form a new opinion of her. Another new student, suave and handsome Christian, transfers in. Cher is taken with him immediately, and considers breaking her own rule of never dating a high school boy. The two become friends, and attend a party along with Tai. After Christian picks Cher up, Josh is clearly envious and tells Mel that he will trail them to the party for Cher's protection. Cher and Christian bond on the dance floor, while Tai is self-consciously standing alone in a corner with watching Elton dancing with his new girlfriend, Cher's social rival Amber (Elisa Donovan). Josh arrives and dances with Tai to cheer her up, which Cher notices and is surprised at his thoughtfulness. Cher decides to move things forward with Christian, and invites him over one evening when her father is out. To her disappointment, he ignores her advances in favor of watching Tony Curtis movies. When driving with Dionne and her boyfriend Murray the next day, Cher laments her situation, causing Murray to burst out laughing and point out that Christian is obviously gay. Cher is embarrassed at her misconception, but remains good friends with Christian. While at the mall, Tai experiences a brush with death as some male acquaintances nearly drop her over the rail from the upper level. Though she escapes unscathed, Tai becomes something of a celebrity at school, surpassing Cher in popularity and rebuffing her love interest, Travis, troubling Cher. Cher fails her long-anticipated driving test, and returns home dejected. Tai confides in her that she has a crush on Josh after he had danced with her at the party. Cher is confused at the feelings that arise in her at Tai's confession, and tries to convince Tai that she and Josh do not mesh well together. Tai is affronted and insults Cher ("You're a virgin who can't drive!"). A miserable Cher goes shopping to clear her head, and realizes that she herself is in love with Josh. In an effort to impress Josh, Cher collects donated items for victims of the Pismo Beach disaster, surprising him with her dedication and selflessness. When Josh and Cher help a stressed Mel out with his case by doing paperwork at the house, Cher makes an error and is insulted by an angry associate of Mel who leaves in a huff. Josh defends her, and they admit their feelings for each other. In the final scene, Miss Geist and Mr. Hall are married. Cher and Josh, Dionne and Murray, Tai and Travis attend the wedding, with Cher skillfully catching the bouquet.
tt1411238
Comedy,Romance
15 years ago We see two young kids, named Emma and Adam, sitting on a bench looking uncomfortable while other teenagers are making out at a summer camp. Adam cries, revealing that he's attending summer camp because his parents are going through a divorce. Emma awkwardly puts her arm around him and comforts him by saying that people just aren't meant to stay together forever. Adam seems consoled. He then asks if he can finger her. She refuses. 5 years ago 20-year-old Emma Kutzman (Natalie Portman) wearing a trench coat walks into a frat party at a university in Michigan and finds her friend, Patrice (Greta Gerwig). Patrice, wearing a tank top and daisy duke pajama shorts, teases Emma for wearing red long johns to the "pajama party." Across the room, Adam Franklin (Ashton Kutcher) spots Emma and tells his friend Eli that he knows her from somewhere. Emma catches his stare and recognizes him from summer camp 10 years earlier. They walk towards each other and chat. Emma invites Adam to "this thing" she has to attend the next day and Adam agrees to accompany her. The next day we see Emma's mom; her sister, Katie; Katie's boyfriend; and Adam standing in a cemetery. Emma invited Adam to attend her dad's funeral, and Adam not knowing the occasion is underdressed. Later in the day, Adam catches Emma consoling her mother outside in the family's garden. 1 year ago Eli, Adam, and Vanessa (Adam's girlfriend) are at an L.A. farmer's market when Eli spots Patrice. They reconnect and talk. Adam walks up and hugs Patrice. Emma, who is shopping nearby with Katie, sees Adam and walks up to everyone. She is excited to see him (as is Adam) until Adam introduces her to Vanessa. Emma reveals that she just moved to L.A. to work as an intern at a nearby hospital. She gives Adam her phone number, and they promise to keep in touch. They don't. Present day Adam is working as a production's assistant for a TV show. He is a budding screenwriter; he writes an episode for the show but has yet to gain the nerves to give it to the director/producer. His dad, Alvin (Kevin Kline), is a successful film star (or producer) but Adam wants to break out on his own. While visiting Alvin at his estate, Vanessa (Ophelia Lovibond) surprises Adam wearing only a bikini. It's apparent the Alvin and Vanessa are dating. Disgusted, Adam leaves. At the bar where Wallace, another friend, works we see Adam and Eli drinking. Adam is visibly upset. He then decides that the best course of action is to dial all the girls on his cell phone until one agrees to sleep with him. With each call, he drinks more and more until he passes out. The next morning Adam awakens in an apartment to find himself laying on a couch with only a dish towel covering his "lap". A girl named Shira is sitting on a bar stool eating breakfast. He thinks they slept together until her roommate, Guy, walks in. Adam is unsure about what occurred the previous night. Then Patrice walks into the room, and Adam is thrilled to recognize her. She pretends that they had sex. Then Emma walks into the kitchen and tells Adam that he called her, came over and passed out. Everyone laughs. Adam and Emma go into her bedroom so that he can retrieve his pants. Emma reveals what happened yesterday evening: Adam, thinking he was at home, strips to his birthday suit and danced around; he also cried when telling her that Alvin and Vanessa are dating. They laugh and sit on her bed. Sparks fly, they kiss, they have sex. Before leaving for work, Emma makes Adam promise not to divulge what just happened. He agrees. Meeting Eli for lunch Adam tells his friend that he slept with Emma, but she has yet to return any of his phone calls. Just then, Emma gets out of the car with a handsome co-worker, Sam. It's clear that Sam likes Emma. They chat for a bit before Emma and Sam go into the bistro to grab coffees and salads. Adam then decides to surprise Emma. He goes to the hospital with a congratulatory balloon and they talk. Emma's embarrassed that he tracked her down, telling him that's she is not the relationship type of girl. She leaves to go back to work, and Adam, a bit sad, meets up with his friends for drinks. During the night, Emma texts Adam with, "What are you doing?". Eli and Wallace agree that she's asking for a booty call and advise him to play it cool. He does and Emma invites herself over to his house. They meet and have sex again. Afterwards, Emma starts dressing and Adam asks her to stay for a muffin. Again, Emma declares that she's not into dating or spending the night or eating breakfast with a man. Adam agrees prompting Emma to ask, "Do you want to do this? Use each other for sex?". Adam says, "I can handle it." They agree to a few ground rules: no dating, no spending the night, no putting each other on their emergency contact list, and if one begins feeling more than the other the "relationship" but immediately terminate. The next few weeks (or months) find Emma and Adam doing it everywhere. It's obvious they are both starting to fall for each other but are refusing to acknowledge it. In the meantime, Adam attempts to hand his screenplay to his boss. It doesn't go well, but Lucy, his boss's assistant, apprehends the play and says she'll take a look at it. The next evening we find Emma, Patrice, and Shira (Mindy Kaling) sprawled out on their living room. Their periods have synced, and they're all miserable. Adam surprises the ladies with Sprinkles cupcakes, and for Emma, he gives her a period CD. She is touched. They go to her room and fall asleep. Fully clothed. The next morning Emma wakes up to find Adam spooning her and she's dismayed at herself for allowing it. She wakes him up and tells him they need to cool their situation by sleeping with other people. Adam, not amused but too chicken to confess his feelings, says fine and leaves. That night Adam is hanging out with Wallace when Megan (Jennifer Irwin), another friend, confesses that she's in love with Lisa (Vedette Lim), who happens to be sitting next to Adam. The girls start making out. Wallace takes a picture of the girls kissing Adam and texts it to Emma. She's at her work party when she receives the message. Irate and very drunk, she takes a cab to his house. When Adam opens the door, she starts getting mad until Megan appears. She's wearing nothing but her underwear. Then Lisa appears, also scantily clothed. Emma is visibly upset then goes nuts on the girls, prompting them to leave. Adam and Emma have sex. And Emma tells him not to do that again. Their "relationship" continues. A few weeks later Adam is at work when Alvin surprises him with a birthday song. The entire TV cast sings him happy birthday. Alvin invites his son to dinner because he and Vanessa have something to share. Adam, still upset at his dad, punches him, which lands him in the ER. Emma rushes to his side and finds out that she's on his emergency contact list. She tries to break it off, but Adam intercedes, telling her that he's heavily sedated and about to meet his dad and ex-girlfriend for dinner and needs a support system. He asks her to join him. She agrees. Alvin, Vanessa, Adam, and Emma are sitting in a fancy restaurant when Alvin and Vanessa tell Adam that they want to make a baby together, but before they do that, they want Adam's blessing. Adam responds by hitting his head on the table. Emma responds for him, telling off Alvin and Vanessa, saying that they shouldn't make a baby since they're babies themselves. She lets out her true feelings for Adam indirectly by telling Vanessa that if she had to choose between Alvin and Adam she'd choose Adam every single time. Before leaving she retorts that Adam is the best sex of her life. They exit the restaurant and Adam asks her out on a real date. Emma, a bit hesitant, agrees. It's Valentine's day, and Adam picks up Emma at work and they go miniature golfing. They talk and laugh and hit it off yet again. At the diner, they share a milkshake when Adam decides it's time to confess his feelings and begins to tell her he's falling for her. But she doesn't let him finish. At LACMA, Adam tries again and tells her that he's in love with Emma. She responds by hitting him and telling him that he's ruining their relationship. She commands him to take her back to work, and he does. At the hospital, Adam says he can't keep doing this anymore and ends their "relationship." They leave. Six weeks pass and we find out that Emma's depressed. Meanwhile, Lucy has given the episode to their boss who decides to use it. On the night of Adam's episode, we see him basking in his success. Meanwhile, Emma is in Santa Barbara for her sister's wedding. Emma and her mom have a talk in which her mom tells her not to close up her life but instead embrace it, even if it means getting hurt when falling in love. Emma realizes she loves Adam and Katie tells her to call him. She does, and Adam who's at the cast party answers it. After hearing, Emma say she misses him he tells her that she's only saying that because she's feeling lonely since it's her sister's wedding. She'll get over it. He hangs up on her and takes Lucy home. Emma, realizing that she has to do something big, leaves Santa Barbara and heads back to Adam's house in LA, hoping to find him there and confess her true feelings. She arrives before he does and hides out in the bushes when she realizes that he is bringing a girl home. After Adam and Lucy enter the house Emma gets into her car, calls Katie, and cries, telling her she's too late. She starts driving back to Santa Barbara when she gets a text from Shira who is working at the hospital. While Emma is driving back to Santa Barbara, Adam and Lucy start making out, but it's apparent that they aren't in sync with each other. His phone rings and Adam picks up. The call is about Alvin, who has apparently overdosed. Adam rushes to the hospital to discover that Vanessa, who is waiting for him, wants out of the relationship. "He's too old, and I'm too young," she says. She gives an excuse why she can't see Alvin and disappears. Adam finds his dad's room, and they talk. Alvin tells Adam that while he has a selfish heart, Adam doesn't and is a good guy. Adam forgives his dad and tells him that he'll call him the next day. While Adam walks out of the hospital, he calls Emma and tells her that she has no right to tell her she misses him when he hasn't heard from her in weeks. As he is telling her that, she has to do more than just call him her car pulls up and Emma runs out of the car. Unsure of his feelings towards him, Emma cries and tells her she is in love with him. Adam embraces Emma. They kiss. The next morning we see them eating breakfast and discussing the new rules to their official relationship. They head back to Santa Barbara, just in time for Katie's wedding. Holding hands, the music swells and the film ends.
tt1598828
Action,Comedy,Crime
A proud, born-and-bred Jersey girl, Stephanie, has plenty of attitude, even if she's been out of work for the last six months and just lost her car to a debt collector. Desperate for some fast cash, she turns to her last resort - convincing her sleazy cousin to give her a job at his bail bonding company as a recovery agent. Stephanie takes on the company's most notorious bail-jumper, former vice cop and murder suspect Joe Morelli - the same Joe Morelli who happened to break her heart in high school. Nabbing Joe would be satisfying payback and a hefty paycheck. But as Stephanie learns the ins and outs of the business from hunky colleague Ranger, she also realizes that the case against Joe isn't airtight. With a plethora of misadventures along the way, Stephanie's new job isn't nearly as easy as she thought.
tt1132620
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Mikael Blomkvist, a journalist who works for the magazine Millennium, a local Swedish newspaper that publishes left-wing political articles, loses a libel case brought on by corrupt Swedish industrialist Hans-Erik Wennerstrm. The magazine & Blomkvist are ordered to pay damages and Blomkvist is sentenced to a short prison term. While waiting to serve his sentence, Blomkvist is approached by a lawyer for Henrik Vanger, the frail & wealthy octagenarian of The Vanger Group, who lives in a remote island located several miles to the north of Stockholm, surrounded by other family members' houses. It turns out Mr. Vanger wants to hire Blomkvist to unearth the truth behind his niece Harriet's disappearance some 40 years ago when she was sixteen. Although her body was never found, Mr. Vanger believes it was murder because that day there was an accident on the only bridge that links the island with the mainland. The bridge was closed, nobody could get out & nobody could get onto the island. Yet, Harriet just vanished into thin air. Although 40 years have passed on the cold case, Mr. Vanger still hopes to learn what happened to her, before he dies. Before going to the island to see Mr. Vanger, Blomkvist is unaware that he is being followed & photographed by Lisbeth Salander, a Goth girl who makes a living as a computer hacker and who works part-time at Merrin Security Inc. The young woman has a troubled past---due to crime committed in her youth, (later we learn that when she was much younger, she had set fire to a man, presumably her abusive father, in a car) she must report to a probation guardian who controls her finances. One day, she is informed that her previous guardian has had a stroke, and a new one has been assigned to her. During her first meeting with him, a lawyer named Nils Bjurman, he forces her to perform oral sex on him, threatening to accuse her of causing trouble and have her put into a psychiatric hospital, if she does not comply. Some days later, Lisbeth Salander is attacked by punks in a subway tunnel and during the scuffle, her laptop computer is damaged, which requires her to re-visit Nils Bjurman to request some of her own money to replace it. She arrives at his apartment to get the money for the new computer, fully expecting she might have to endure further sexual harrassment from him, but is prepared, with a camcorder hidden in her purse, to record the violation. In spite of her seeming cooperation, Bjurman catches her completely off guard by throwing her down and hits her violently, then handcuffs her to his bed and binds her legs, proceeding to brutally rape her... again threatening her to keep quiet about the abuse. Some time later, Salander shows up unannounced at Bjurman's door, and turns on him with an electric stun device. She strips him naked and binds and gags him, as he had done to her. She plays what she had recorded the last time she was there so he will understand that she has proof against him. Salander proceeds to sodomize him forcefully with a dildo she finds in his room, then using a tattoo needle, carves permanently on his chest and abdomen: "I am a sadistic pig & rapist". She threatens to reveal the evidence she has to the authorities and the media, and from now on, he has to abide by HER rules---never contact her again, not touch her finances, and release her from guardianship with glowing behavior reports in a year's time. (So as not to arouse suspicion.) During his investigation, Blomkvist finds out his PC is being hacked into, after Lisbeth Salander sends an "anonymous" clue to him to assist him in the investigation of the disappearance of Vanger's niece, Harriet. He's able to trace back to Salander and comes to her apartment back in Stockholm where Lisbeth has just spent the night with another woman, named Miriam Wu, whom Lisbeth apparented picked up the night before. He persuades her to collaborate with him in his research. Together they dig up more and more troubling information which shows something more sinister than just Mr. Vanger's relatives preying on his fortune and who, perhaps, had succeed in getting rid of Harriet for the sake of inheritance. As the investigation (and their relationship) progresses, Blomkvist and Salander return to the cottage Blomkvist is renting one night to discover the lock has been picked & someone has been examining their research. Blomkvist decides to pay a clandestine visit to the home of one of Mr. Vanger's brothers who had always been Nazi sympathizers. He is surprised inside, however, by the old man, with a rifle pointing to his face. Martin, Harriet's brother, appears & tries to calm down the old man, then leaves with Mikael. Blomkvist confides to Martin a lot of information that he has dug up, and Martin leaves the room under the pretense of calling police. While Martin is out of the room, Mikael suddenly questions what Martin was doing in the old man's house, too, but the revelation comes to late, as Martin injects him in the neck with some kind of tranquilizer. When he awakens, he finds himself tied up and Martin reveals himself as a serial killer who has killed many women over the past four decades. He shows Blomkvist a collection of photos of all the dead women he raped & mutilated. The reason: "I take whatever I want". He admits that his father was a religious fanatic, and had taught him how to strangle victims. Martin puts a noose around Blomkvist's neck and winches him up to hang him. Salander, after doing more research at the archives of Mr. Vanger's company, comes back to the house where they're staying and finds that Blomkvist is missing. After viewing the surveillance video and seeing who the intruder was, Salander rushes to Martin's house just in time to save Blomkvist from being hanged, taking a golf club to Martin's head and arms. Despite having a broken right arm, Martin gets away in his car and drives full speed but uncertain with Salander on her motobike in hot pursuit. To avoid a frontal collision with a big truck, Martin swerves off the roadside and the car overturns down a steep slope, coming to rest upside down. As Salander arrives, he begs and pleads for help, but she just looks at him and recalls setting the match to her abusive father in his car years before. Martin is burned alive when the gasoline leaks and catches fire as Salander just walks away. Salander doesn't want to face the police so she writes to Blomkvist a note and leaves. With information supplied by Salander, Blomkvist goes to Australia to find a woman whose goes by the name Anita, who was Harriet's aunt and friend, but who was known to have died of cancer years back. He returns to see Mr. Vanger with Anita... or, the real Harriet... in tow. It turns out Harriet was never killed by any of the Vanger family members. In fact back in 1965, she killed her own father after many years of being brutally raped by him, and by her own brother Martin. Her drunken Nazi father had chased her down to a pier where Harriet got into a boat. Harriet used an oar to knock him into the water, and keep him underwater until he stopped breathing. Everyone assumed he was drunk, fell into the water of the lake and drowned. However, she was seen by Martin and he continued to abuse her until he went away to college. One day she saw Martin had returned home and she decided to leave the island at once. With the help of her look-alike aunt Anita, she got off the island by hiding in Anita's car under a blanket & fled to Australia with Anita's passport. Now with Martin dead and learning her uncle Henrik had never stopped thinking of her, she decided to return to Sweden to reunite with him. For all those 40 years she sent him framed dried flowers every year, as she had done as a child, meant as a message that she was "out there somewhere," but he had always thought it was the killer who was sending them to taunt him. Later, Blomkvist goes to prison to serve his three-month sentence. One day he receives a visit from Salander who brings him a lot of reading material. He finds it to be incriminating documents against Wennerstrm. Upon his release, Blomkvist again publishes these findings in the Millennium. Wennerstrm apparently commits suicide as a result. It is discovered that a large amount of money has been withdrawn from his Cayman bank account by a mysterious woman. Upon seeing a picture on TV, Blomkvist recognizes a now-blonde Salander and smiles. In the final scene, Salander is shown getting out of a chauffered driven limousine, well-dressed and lovely, and walks away along the sidewalk of a sunny seaside resort with palm trees along the beach.
tt1648208
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Holly & Nathan Teller live in a small town in Pennsylvania. Holly is on the cheerleading team and has a close relationship with her younger brother Nathan, who is subjected to bullying at school. Nathan is taken for a car ride one day by the bullies, whose intent about what they are going to do with Nathan is not clear. He gives them the slip, but disappears and is still missing after three years. His sister Holly never gives up hope, and one day is certain she has seen Nathan. She gives chase and finds the small and eerie town of Riddle, where no one shares their secrets and strangers are unwelcome. Holly continues to pursue her brother's trail, with the help of three of her school associates, and despite a wall of silence, and the taciturn treatment from the remaining townspeople, discovers far more than she ever imagined.
tt1527788
Action,Drama,Thriller
&#12302;&#12450;&#12472;&#12519;&#12471;&#12303; Operating a pawn shop in a small neighborhood, Cha Tae-sik now leads a quiet life. His only connection to the rest of the world is a little girl, So-mee, who lives nearby. A heroin addict and So-mis mother, Hyo-jeong, smuggles drugs from a drug trafficking organization and entrusts Tae-sik with the product without his knowledge. When the traffickers find out about this they kidnap both Hyo-jeong and So-mi. The gang sends a number of thugs to Tae-sik's pawn shop to retrieve the stolen drugs, but is easily overpowered by Tae-sik, making his identity ambiguous. However, upon learning that the gang now has in their possession both Hyo-jeong and So-mi, Tae-sik gives the beaten gang members what they are looking for. Realizing that Tae-sik may serve better as a mule than their former thug, the brothers that lead the gang Man-sik and Jong-sik promise to release Hyo-jeong and So-mi under the condition that Tae-sik make a delivery for them. Tae-sik makes the decision to face the outside world in order to rescue So-mi. However, the delivery was part of a larger plot to eliminate a drug ring superior, Mr. Oh, and Tae-sik is arrested. At the same time, Hyo-jeongs body, with her organs harvested, is discovered in the back of the car used by Tae-sik when he made the delivery, and Tae-sik realizes that So-mis life may also be in danger. He fights off half a dozen detectives and escapes from the police station. During his escape, the police are bewildered at Tae-sik's display of power, combat techniques and agility, and further investigates his bio and finds out that he was once a black operation agent for the Korean government with numerous commendations, but dropped out from the agency after witnessing his pregnant wife being murdered in front of his eyes in connection with him by being hit by a truck while inside their car. The incident nearly drove him mad, hence he went into hiding. Realizing this, the Narcotics head contacted a weakened Tae-sik after his encounter with a highly trained assassin who backs up the brothers. Now with the knowledge that So-mee is being used by an ANT organization to secretly smuggle drugs and&mdash;in the future might be killed for organ harvesting, Tae-sik goes on a mad killing.hunting spree to locate and save So-mee, who is his only connection to a caring world. A gore battle ensues, from the ANT/Drug manufacturing location where he was able to free the remaining children and kill off the younger of the brothers, to their posh condo unit where the rest of the killing continues. Tae-sik went mad when a container that holds harvested eyes was rolled towards him, believing to be So-mees. A final stand-off with the assassin ensues, with Tae-sik winning the fight. After killing off the last hoodlum in the parking lot, Tae-sik was about to resign to his fate by shooting himself when a scared and dirty So-mee emerged from the darkness. She was saved by the assassin who took to her kindly and killed instead the surgeon accomplice - his eyes were in the container that Tae-sik saw. A police escort in the end sees Tae-sik and So-mee together in the back of the detectives car. While she sleeps. Tae-sik asks if they can be dropped off at the small convenience store - a surprise for So-mee. The owner got a shock upon seeing all the police lined up around them, and with the words: You really messed it up big time. Tae-sik pulls up a fancy backpack with a star, and fills it up with fancy school stuff, much to her delight. Tae-sik asks if he can hug her, and as they embrace, he could not stop the tears as they fell from his battered bandaged face.
tt0414993
Drama,Mystery,Romance
This movie takes place in three interweaving narratives that encompass the age of the Spanish conquistadors, the near-future period and a journey through deep space in an ecospheric starship. The scientist: Research oncologist Tommy Creo (Hugh Jackman) attempts to reverse brain tumors in rhesus monkeys through animal testing. His work is motivated by his cancer-stricken wife Izzi (Rachel Weisz). When the tests fail on a monkey named Donovan, Tommy is inspired to break medical protocol and use an untested compound derived from a Guatemalan tree. At first, the drug fails to stop the tumor's growth, but surprisingly rejuvenates Donovan, healing his wounds and improving his cognitive abilities. At home, Izzi points out a golden nebula to Tommy, describing it as Xibalba, the Mayan underworld. She also shows Tommy a book she is writing, set in the age of conquistadors, titled The Fountain. When she goes to sleep, Tommy reads the book and falls asleep as well. When he wakes up, he finds that Izzi has gone to the museum. He meets her there, and she explains the creation myth of the Mayans. She suddenly collapses from a seizure and is rushed to the hospital. She tells Tommy, at her bedside, that she no longer fears death. Tommy does not accept this and returns to his lab, working harder to find a cure for Izzi's brain tumor. During a visit, Izzi goes into cardiac arrest, and Tommy is forced to leave the room. Tommy's associate Dr. Lillian Guzetti (Ellen Burstyn) finds him in the hall and tells him that Donovan's tumor is shrinking. Tommy rushes back into Izzi's room with the news, only to find that his wife cannot be resuscitated. At Izzi's funeral, Tommy tells Guzetti, "Death is a disease, it's like any other. And there is a cure. A cure. And I will find it." The Conquistador: In 16th century Spain, Grand Inquisitor Silecio (Stephen McHattie) demonizes the Spanish Queen Isabella (Rachel Weisz) as a heretic. He slowly acquires territories as part of his plan to take Spain from her, killing her followers along the way. Tomas (Hugh Jackman), a conquistador in the service of Isabella, plots to assassinate Silecio, only to be stopped by a subordinate, Captain Ariel (Cliff Curtis), bearing an urgent message from the Queen. Returning to Isabella's court, Tomas is given the mission of finding the Tree of Life. The tree's location is revealed on a hidden map displayed by a Mayan dagger stolen by Father Avila (Mark Margolis), whose Franciscan order backs the Queen. Tomas journeys to the New World (America) with Avila and fellow conquistadores to find the tree. As the search drags on and the hardships of the quest multiply, the men mutiny; Tomas restores order by killing the ringleaders as Avila reveals that they have arrived at their destination. As Tomas approaches the pyramid atop which the tree grows, Mayan warriors attack the conquistadores. Tomas's last two men are killed fleeing the battle. Tomas is spared by the warriors, who force him to climb the pyramid. When Tomas reaches the temple at the top, he is stabbed in the abdomen by a Mayan priest. The Astronaut: The astronaut, Tom (Hugh Jackman), travels toward a golden nebula in an ecospheric spacecraft, which also houses a living tree. Tom meditates in padmasana and practices tai chi. Kept young by compounds he produces from the tree's sap, Tom is haunted by visions of Izzi. He focuses on reaching the nebula, repeatedly assuring the tree that it will be reborn on arrival despite the amount of sap he has taken from it. Despite his assurance, the tree dies, leaving Tom to ponder the hundreds of years of travel that have been all to see Izzi again. Izzi haunts Tom in a vision and encourages him to finish writing her book, The Fountain. Tom faces his fear of death and accepts dying, allowing him to finally write the book's ending. Resolution: Instead of killing Tomas, a Mayan priest identifies Tomas as First Father, the deity who sacrificed himself to create the world. The Mayan priest in turn presents himself as a sacrifice, and Tomas hesitatingly slits his throat. Passing through a doorway, the conquistador finds the Tree of Life in a garden atop the pyramid. As he pierces it with the stolen Mayan dagger, its sap spills onto the ground, and a small plant instantly grows and blossoms where it fell. Taking this as a sign of rejuvenation, Tomas applies some sap to his abdominal wound, healing himself. He then greedily drinks the sap, stopping only when he begins to see Xibalba appear above him. His victory is cut short however, as he collapses in pain, leaves and flowers bursting from his body, burying him. The future Tom is then shown passing into the heart of the nebula, wearing a ring given to Tomas by the Queen of Spain, and entering Xibalba at peace with the thought of his imminent death. As Xibalba collapses and supernovas Tom's body is scattered into the dead tree rejuvenating it. In the present day Tommy is seen planting a tree seed over Izzi's grave doing his best to accept his wife's death.
tt0119822
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The entire movie takes place in New York City, except for a brief trip near the end to near Baltimore, Maryland. The protagonist, Melvin Udall (Jack Nicholson) is a cranky, bigoted, intelligent, wealthy writer suffering from obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). He is happy with his life, and spends most of his time inside his apartment, writing books. Fortunately for Melvin, his books are popular, for a reason that later becomes clear. He is working on his sixty-sixth book. Melvin finds himself bothered by Verdell (Jill the Dog), a small terrier owned by neighbor Simon Bishop (Greg Kinnear). Simon is an artistic painter living on the same floor. Simon is homosexual and somewhat passive. Simon has a good friend, Frank Sachs (Cuba Gooding Jr.), who is black and rather aggressive. Verdell escapes Simon's apartment, and runs around the hallway, annoying Melvin. Melvin comes out and tries to calm Verdell down. But Verdell stays out of reach, and further annoys Melvin by trying to pee by the wall. Finally, Melvin grabs Verdell and stuffs him down the laundry chute. Just as Melvin is about to open the door to his apartment, Simon comes out and asks about Verdell. Naturally, Melvin's highest priority is to get back to his comfortable routine, so he lies and says he knows nothing about Verdell. Simon is suspicious, but has to leave to answer an urgent phone call. He is having an exhibition of his paintings that evening, and has to see to final arrangements. Melvin naturally disappears into his apartment. At Simon's exhibition that evening, a friend walks up carrying Verdell. Simon is overjoyed to see Verdell. Their reunion is joyful and happy, with Verdell excited and licking Simon's face. Simon is so happy to see Verdell he lets Verdell continue to lick his face. Simon asks his friend where he found Verdell. His friend says, "In the dumpster, licking poop from baby diapers." Frank realizes what happened, and confronts Melvin about Verdell, verbally abusing him, but saying he won't tell Simon and that Melvin "owes him one". In the morning, Melvin goes out for his daily breakfast ritual. He walks to a particular nearby cafe. He sits at a particular table (and if other people are sitting there, he insults them until they leave). He insists on being served by a particular waitress, Carol Connelly (Helen Hunt). Since Melvin is OCD, Carol is simply part of the ritual, along with that particular table and that particular cafe. Also part of the morning ritual is bringing his own plastic utensils. Melvin happily continues his daily rituals. Then one morning, Carol does not show up to serve him his breakfast. Melvin is naturally very upset, so he proceeds in a very OCD-logical manner, by insulting the substitute waitress and telling the manager to get Carol. The manager throws him out. On the way out, Melvin bribes a bus boy to get Carol's last name, which he uses to find out where Carol lives. Melvin tries to restore his daily morning ritual, so he goes to Carol's apartment, who is surprised to see him. Melvin demands that she come back to the cafe and serve him breakfast. Carol says she cannot. Her son, Spencer (Jesse James), has congestion in his lungs so severe he can barely breathe. While there, Spencer's condition gets worse, and Carol leaves to take Spencer to the emergency room at the hospital, yet again. Carol and Spencer get in the cab that brought Melvin, and Melvin hops in the front seat. Melvin takes steps to bring back his normal daily routine. It happens that Melvin's editor has a husband, Martin Bettes (Harold Ramis), who is a medical doctor. Melvin convinces his editor that her husband should see Spencer. As Melvin leaves her office, the secretary (who was thrilled to see her favorite author) insists on knowing Melvin's secret of connecting so well with women. He turns, says, "I think of a man and then I take away reason and accountability." Then he leaves. The secretary is stunned. Carol comes home to see a car with 'MD' license plates parked in front of her apartment. Fearing something terrible has happened to Spencer, she rushes in, only to find Spencer and Carol's mother, Beverly Connelly (Shirley Knight) pleasantly visiting with Dr. Bettes. Dr. Bettes asks Carol which tests have been performed on Spencer, finding out that minimal emergency room tests have been done---no allergy tests, for example. Dr. Bettes orders some tests for Spencer, and tells the lab he wants the results later that day. One of the adults asks incredulously, "Do you really expect the results today???" Dr. Bettes replies, "Yes." He says he does not know now exactly what is wrong with Spencer, but he guarantees that Spencer will be feeling a lot better from now on. He gives Carol his business card, tells her it has his home phone number, and tells her to phone him if she has any concerns. Carol is overwhelmed. She assures Dr. Bettes that she is extremely grateful, and will do everything she can do to pay for his services. Dr. Bettes tells her that Melvin will be paying all the bills. Carol is shocked. That night, Carol cannot get to sleep, so she goes out clad only in a T-shirt, pants, and shoes. She grabs a bus and heads to Melvin's apartment. She bangs on the door, and waits. On the way to the apartment, it begins to rain heavily. At the last moment, Carol realizes her white T-shirt is see-thru as Melvin opens the door. She grabs the front of her T-shirt, striving for some degree of modesty. She blurts out that she knows why Melvin was spending all that money on her son, but that it is not going to work---she will never have sex with him. Melvin is flabbergasted. Carol leaves. Meanwhile, Frank has recruited a young man from a small ne'er-do-well gang as a model for Simon. The young man thinks he is going to pose nude, and starts shedding his clothes. Simon stops him. After modeling some natural poses, Simon finds one he likes, and proceeds to sketch him. They fall into a daily routine. The young man comes over, poses, and Simon sketches or paints him (always fully clothed). After a few weeks, while Simon is painting a portrait of the young man, the young man's gang sneaks into the apartment and starts stealing things. Verdell alerts to them and Simon confronts the intruders. The gang brutally beat Simon with things such as a table lamp. Simon winds up in the hospital. He is severely injured. Frank has to find a dog-sitter for Verdell, so he tries the neighbors. Finally, Frank remembers that Melvin "owes him one", and persuades Melvin to take Verdell. Surprisingly, Verdell takes a liking to Melvin, and Melvin responds by feeding Verdell bacon and other treats. When Melvin goes out walking, he is very careful to never step on a crack. Eventually Verdell follows suit, deliberately hopping over cracks. Melvin is thrilled. They settle into a routine where Melvin works on his computer while Verdell keeps him company on a cushion next to him, as well as walking the dog to breakfast. This is such a comfortable routine for Melvin that he quickly finishes his sixty-sixth book. After a few weeks, Simon comes home from the hospital and insists on taking Verdell back. Melvin is heartbroken, but is cheered up when Simon asks Melvin to take Verdell for a daily walk. It turns out Simon has no medical insurance. He has to spend all his money on hospital bills. His exhibition was a flop. He has no income. He cannot bring himself to resume working. He is very depressed. He has a list of friends he calls on for a loan, but they all turn him down. His last resort is to ask his estranged parents for money, but they never answer the phone, and live near Baltimore. Frank approaches Melvin, asking Melvin to drive Simon to Baltimore. Melvin resists, but eventually succumbs. Frank offers his convertible for the drive. Melvin is too uncomfortable to go on that trip by himself, so he convinces Carol to go with them (staying in separate rooms), using the leverage that since he helped Spencer, Carol should help him. Carol reluctantly gives in. The three of them leave on the road trip. They finally arrive near Baltimore late in the evening, and check into their hotel, into a three-bedroom suite. Carol phones home. She finds out that Spencer had played in his first soccer game, and had scored his first goal. Carol is thrilled! and wants to celebrate with someone. She tries to get Simon to go out with her, but he firmly refuses, so Carol informs Melvin that he is her date. While Melvin takes a shower, Carol quickly gets dressed in a red dress with small white polka dots. Carol waits for Melvin to get out of the shower. After a long time, Melvin finishes. They end up at a nice restaurant. Unfortunately, the maitre d insists that Melvin wear a coat and tie, but reassures him that he has some he is willing to lend to Melvin. He brings one out, but Melvin is skeptical. Carol says, "You dry clean those each time, right?" The maitre d says, "No." After seating Carol he runs to a nearby tailor, buys a suitcoat and tie, and comes running back. As they are being seated, Melvin complains that he has to wear a suitcoat and tie, while they let Carol in with an ordinary housedress. Carol is very offended. She insists that Melvin pay her a compliment or she'll leave. Eventually he says that when he is with her, she makes him want to be a better man. She is very flattered and replies that it's the best compliment she has ever received. She becomes very attentive, moves over right next to him, within kissing range, and asks him why he really wanted her to come on the trip. He mumbles and fumbles and finally says that one reason was that he hoped she would have sex with Simon. She is furious and immediately leaves him at the restaurant. Carol goes back to the hotel. She walks into Simon's room---the one with a big bathtub---and informs him she is going to take a bath, even though Simon is sitting there in the room. She draws the water, gets undressed (out of sight), wraps herself with a large towel, and comes back in sight, sitting on the bathtub with her back to Simon. As Carol is putting her hair up, she reaches a pose that Simon thinks is amazing. He tells her to hold the pose. At first reticent, she eventually loosens up, starting by dropping her towel a bit so Simon can see most of her bare back. Hours later, Melvin comes back to the suite to find Carol lying naked on the bed with Simon drawing sketch after sketch of her. Jealous, Melvin asks if she had sex with Simon. Carol says, "No. It was better than sex. He held me." With his artistic spirit back, Simon is no longer depressed. He phones his parents and is able to get through. He tells his mother he is doing fine, would like to reconnect with them, but it does not have to be now. He hangs up, happy. He knows he might lose his apartment, but he is sure he will be able to cope. They all go back to New York. While he was gone, he has lost his apartment. It turns out Melvin had told the landlord to move all of Simon's things into Melvin's spare bedroom. Simon comes and looks at the room, and is stupified both by how nice it is and by Melvin's willingness to let Simon live there. Simon talks Melvin into going after Carol. Melvin goes over to her apartment, and approaches her in his usual fumbling way. Carol resists, saying all she wants is a normal boyfriend. Carol's mother, who has been listening, comes out and says, "Everybody wants that, it doesn't exist". Carol reconsiders, and Melvin continues with Carol, even to the point of stepping on cracks. -------------------- Missing above: Where Melvin bursts into the office of his psychiatrist, Dr. Green (Lawrence Kasdan), insists on an immediate appointment, but is rebuffed. He also got annoyed when he noticed the doctor's office was changed, but seeing as how he hadn't seen the doctor in years, it's understandable. Where Carol writes a 10-page missive thanking Melvin for the help he has given Spencer, and insists on reading it to Melvin while he is eating is breakfast at the cafe. Of course, Melvin just wants Carol to stop disrupting his breakfast ritual and just go away. -------------------- Here are some of Melvin's obsessive compulsive behaviors not mentioned above. He washes his hands by opening a new bar of soap, washing his hands with it once, and throwing the nearly-new bar away. He puts his shoes on by sitting on the bed, and performing a back-and-forth dance around his shoes first. Coming into a room, he sometimes locks and unlocks of the door several times. (Note: I only saw the movie once, and just enjoyed it, rather than taking notes to write a synopsis. So feel free to make any appropriate changes.)
tt0139134
Drama,Romance
New York City. 1999. The womanizing Sebastian Valmont (Ryan Phillippe) is with his therapist Dr. Greenbaum (Swoosie Kurtz) to talk with her over his sexual urges over other women. Sebastian decides that he is more or less cured and bids goodbye to him to set out as a new man. She thinks she has convinced him of sustaining longer and more serious relationships with girls. After Sebastian leaves her office, Dr. Greenbaum gets a phone call from her distraught daughter Marci (Tara Reid) who claims that her boyfriend just broke up with her and posted a nude photograph of her on the Internet. Dr. Greenbaum realizes that Sebastian is the guy whom Marci is talking about and she chases after him and yells at him for violating and corrupting her daughter in front of a small crowd. Sebastian slyly denies knowing who Dr. Greenbaum is and leaves, only stopping to pick up another young woman. Kathryn Merteuil (Sarah Michelle Gellar), the image of social perfection, takes the sheltered and naive Cecile Caldwell (Selma Blair), under her wing, promising to turn Cecile into a model student like herself. Kathryn's real intention, however, is to take revenge on Court Reynolds, Kathryn's own ex-lover, who dumped her for the "innocent little twit", Cecile. Kathryn intends to corrupt Cecile by getting her to sleep with as many men as possible, thereby destroying her reputation and teaching Court a lesson. Kathryn asks for help from her step-brother, who happens to be Sebastian. Though Kathryn and Sebastian have collaborated in schemes of manipulation before, he initially refuses. He is busy planning another "conquest", the beautiful Annette Hargrove (Reese Witherspoon), a girl who has published a manifesto saying that she plans to keep her virginity intact until she gets married. Annette is the only daughter of the new headmaster at their prep school Manchester, which is currently closed for the summer season. Sebastian learns that Annette will be staying with his aunt Helen Rosemond (Louise Fletcher) in the Hamptons on Long Island and Sebastian hopes that it will be a perfect opportunity to seduce Annette. Kathryn doesn't think Sebastian has a chance with Annette, so they make a wager. If Kathryn wins, she gets Sebastian's vintage Jaguar, a 1956 XK140 Roadster; if Sebastian wins, she offers him a night of passion with her, as she is the only girl Sebastian cannot bed. Sebastian initially rejects this deal, being very enamored of his car, but relents when Kathryn ups the ante, telling him that he can "put it anywhere." Meanwhile, Ronald Clifford (Sean Patrick Thomas), Cecile's music teacher for the summer, is also smitten with Cecile, and Kathryn makes arrangements for Ronald and Cecile to spend time together, hoping that he will take Cecile's virginity. On Long Island, Sebastian has a hard time seducing Annette when they first meet. Through they have chemistry, she sees right through him and rejects his advances claiming that she knows that he seduces and corrupts young women for his own twisted enjoyment. Shocked and angry by Annette's rejection of him, Sebastian confides in a Manchester Prep student Blaine (Joshua Jackson) about Annette's knowledge about his past. Blaine suggests that Annette's ex-boyfriend and Blaine's current lover Greg McConnell (Eric Mabius) may have accused him. After a confrontation later that same night, where Sebastian threatens to reveal Greg's homosexual relationship with Blaine, Greg denies that he told Annette anything. Seeing that Greg has no reason to lie, Sebasian then tells Greg to find out who has been bad-mouthing him to Annette while telling him to tell Annette a fabricated story about his good intentions. Later, Sebastian learns from Greg that Annette has been forewarned of his libertine ways by none other than Cecile's mother, Mrs. Bunny Caldwell (Christine Baranski). Wanting revenge, Sebastian returns to New York and re-joins Kathryn in her plans to corrupt Cecile. Kathryn engineers Ronald's break-up with Cecile by informing Mrs. Caldwell of their flirtations; Mrs. Caldwell quickly ends their affair and fires Ronald as Cecile's music teacher. Sebastian, in turn, calls Cecile to his house, ostensibly to give her a letter from Ronald. Once at his house, Sebastian blackmails Cecile and convinces her to have oral sex. The next day, Cecile confides in Kathryn, who advises her to learn the art of sex from Sebastian so that she can make Ronald happy in bed. Meanwhile, Sebastian continues his quest of Annette by continuting to put on a compasionate facade to discredit his bad-boy reputation. He tells Annette that he thinks of other people and demonstrates by volunteering at a hospice care facility where she also volunteers. He also gives money donations to charity groups knowing Annette is observing him which is also a part of his ploy to get back on her good graces. Over the next few days, Sebastian begins to fall in love with Annette, who returns his feelings but still keeps her defenses up. Sebastian declares that Annette is a hypocrite, waiting for love but refusing to sleep with the guy that loves her. Confused and beaten by Sebastian's logic, Annette relents, but Sebastian, now feeling guilty for leading her on, refuses her. Heartbroken and embarrased, Annette flees his aunt's estate. Sebastian tracks her down at her parents hotel suite in New York and professes his love, and they consummate their feelings. Kathryn offers herself to Sebastian the next day, since he has won the bet, but he refuses; his romantic focus is now on Annette. Kathryn taunts Sebastian for having gone soft, then convinces him that his love for Annette is nothing more than a infatuation. Kathryn threats to ruin Annette's reputation unless Sebastian breaks up with her. Swayed by Kathryn's threat, Sebastian coldly breaks up with Annette and returns to Kathryn. Kathryn, however, now refuses to sleep with him. After Sebastian tells Kathryn that he has arranged for Cecile and Ronald to be together, Kathryn reveals that she has known all along that he was truly in love with Annette, yet she manipulated him to give it up. While Sebastian may have initially won the bet, she made him lose his first true love, and she (Kathryn) does not sleep with "losers." Sebastian, hurt and angry, leaves and declares war on Kathryn. After trying unsuccessfully to talk to Annette, he sends her his journal, in which he has detailed all his previous "conquests" and written his true feelings for Annette. He wants to offer the diary to Annette, hoping she will learn the truth for herself and forgive him. Kathryn, meanwhile, informs Ronald of Sebastian's affair with Cecile; Kathryn also claims that Sebastian had hit her (in a deleted scene Sebastian indeed slapped Kathryn). A furious Ronald confronts Sebastian in the middle of the street outside Annette's apartment building and a fist fight ensues. Annette, in search of Sebastian, comes upon the fight and tries to stop it. She is thrown into the way of an oncoming taxi cab. Sebastian pushes her to safety and is hit by the speeding cab himself. Annette rushes to his side. Before he dies, he professes his love for her, and she reciprocates. A few weeks later, the new school year at Manchester Prep is inaugurated with Sebastian's funeral. During the service, Kathryn gives a self-sufficient speech to the school about how she had unsuccessfully tried to get Sebastian to mend his ways and become a model student like herself. Halfway through her speech, students start walking out. Flustered, Kathryn rushes outside the chapel, where Cecile is distributing copies of Sebastian's journal (entitled Cruel Intentions) to all the students. The journal shows all of Sebastian's inner thoughts: his conquests, his description of the bet, and a page on Kathryn, which finally exposes her manipulative and deceitful ways, including the fact that she hides a vial of cocaine in a crucifix she wears in the rosary beads around her wrist. The headmaster takes Kathryn's crucifix and opens it, spilling the cocaine. Kathryn's spotless reputation is destroyed, and people finally see her for the troubled, callous mastermind that she is. In the final shot, Annette drives away in Sebastian's Jaguar, putting his sunglasses on, with his journal by her side and fond memories of being with Sebastian playing through her head.
tt0085970
Comedy,Drama
Jack Butler (Michael Keaton) is an engineer at an automobile manufacturing plant in Detroit, Michigan. He lives in the suburbs with his wife, Caroline (Terri Garr), their two young sons, seven-year-old Alex (Frederick Kohler), five-year-old Kenny (Taliesin Jaffe) , and their six-month old infant daughter Megan (Courtney and Brittany White). Jack has a decent life and a decent home in the suburbs. However, Jack's job seems to be stressful for him; he and his co-workers Larry (Christopher Lloyd) and Stan (Tom Leopold), and supervisor Jinx Latham (Jeffery Tambor), whom he carpools with in the morning, all talk about their lack of sleep from the night before. When they drive in one morning, they talk about rumors of layoffs at their plant. Jinx, tells them not to worry about losing their jobs. The rumors persist while Jack talks to the assembly line workers. Jack is called into Jinx' office during the day and finds out that he and Larry and Stan are being laid off. Jinx tells them that they'll be asked to come back at an undetermined time in the future. The guys are not convinced. At home, Jack talks with his wife about finding another job and also having some time off to do work on the house he'd been planning. When Caroline, a former advertising expert, tells him she'd put her resume out on the job market as well, Jack suddenly becomes competitive, challenging her to a wager where the first of them to get a job will win $100. Some time later, Caroline wins the bet and goes to work for a prominent advertising firm called Richardson-Frankel. Jack becomes a stay-at-home-father and takes care of the kids, the errands, and the house during the day. Jack's first few weeks at home are mostly a disaster: he discovers that the vacuum cleaner has a mind of its own and rampages around the house, he's inept at operating the washer and dryer, three repair-people come in one day and the baby eats chili. Jack also has trouble at the supermarket and he misunderstands the procedure for dropping Alex off for school. He also draws too much attention from one of his wife's more attractive friends, Joan (Ann Jillian), who is divorced. As Caroline's career takes off she becomes an employee prized by her boss, Ron Richardson (Martin Mull). At her first staff meeting, Caroline looks over the firm's ideas for one of their flagship clients, Schooner Tuna and, though she is constructively critical, receives scornful remarks from the rest of the staff. Caroline realizes that they are overworked, stressed out and have little or no experience similar to hers with regard to food prices or shopping. A few months later, Jack has not been called back to his work at the auto factory and there are no other jobs available in his line of work or any similar fields. Jack becomes increasingly depressed, wearing the same flannel shirt every day (without laundering it), he gains weight, lets his beard grow un-groomed and drinks beer while watching soap operas. His attention to his kids even wanes a bit which makes it more difficult for him to convince his younger son, Kenny, to give up the baby blanket he carries around for security. One day, while watching a soap opera, Jack daydreams that Joan stops by. He begins to talk about his strained relationship with Caroline; Joan takes off her raincoat and is dressed in sexy lingerie. While Jack kisses her, Caroline walks in and finds them. She pulls out a gun, affixes a silencer to it, and threatens Jack. A struggle ensues and Jack is shot. As he dies, Ron Richardson appears and walks off with Caroline and Jinx appears and says that the auto factory was going to call him back to work. Jack wakes up from his nightmare, cancels the weekly poker game with Joan and decides to clean up his act. He gets the kids to follow a morning routine to get them off to school on time; he exercises with Caroline's friends and loses the weight he'd put on, shaves off his beard, and he fixes up the house. At one point, we see him throwing his flannel shirt into the fireplace, a gesture meant to encourage Kenny to give up his security blanket. Kenny refuses and Jack has a man-to-man talk and convinces his son to give up the blanket. At a party thrown by Richardson at his palatial mansion, Jack is egged on by Richardson himself to compete in a race involving toys and other obstacles meant for children. Before the race, Jack, a fair sportsman himself, is persuaded by Richardson's subordinates to throw the race because his wife works for their host. Not wanting to jeopardize his wife's career, Jack stumbles just short of the finish line, preserving Richardson's dignity. Caroline's schedule keeps her away from home more frequently, which has an effect on Jack and the family. Caroline also develops a new strategy for Schooner Tuna; she meets with the company's CEO and tells him that the only way to sell more of his product is to lower the price in light of tougher economic times. The CEO goes almost immediately for Caroline's ideas, which also include filming a TV ad that will express the company's new policy, with an included appeal to consumers. Caroline is charged with going to Los Angeles to aid in shooting the new ad, which takes her out of town on Halloween. Richardson comes to their house to pick Caroline up in a limousine, but before she leaves, Jack talks to her about all the changes the family has experienced in her absence. Caroline still goes with Richardson. A few nights later, while Caroline is still out of town, some of the girls invite Jack out for the evening, leaving one of them, Annette, behind to sit with the kids. As a prank, the women take Jack to a male stripper bar. When he comes home late with Annette tagging along, he tries to call Caroline in California. Unknown to him and to Caroline, Richardson has snuck into Caroline's hotel room with dinner and champagne to celebrate their Schooner Tuna success; Richardson answers the phone and Jack recognizes his voice. Richardson abruptly hangs up on him. Caroline confronts Richardson, who suggests she leave Jack. She refuses and orders him to leave, punching him in the face when he won't. At home, Jack becomes jealous and furious when the phone rings and throws it across the room. He also kicks the TV, shattering the screen. Annette, witness to Jack's meltdown, leaves and tells Joan the next day. Jack works through his anger by painting the house, while repair woman Doris fixes the television (with one of Jack's shoes found in it), and Bert, the exterminator, fumigates the basement. Joan takes Annette's message as a signal that Jack and Caroline are through and races to his house to talk to him. She stretches out in the bedroom while Jack cleans up painting in the bathroom. Caroline, returning early from California after her confrontation with Richardson, finds Joan in her bed. When Jack comes out of the bathroom, after a lengthy contemplation with himself about having an affair with Joan, he finds Caroline, who is angry about finding Joan in her bed. The two argue, Jack telling Caroline that he heard Richardson's voice on the phone when he called. Jack storms out of the room saying he has a house to run. Caroline follows him and the two begin to reconcile when both Jinx and Richardson arrive at the house, both wanting Jack and Caroline to return to their jobs. At one point, Jinx yells at Alex and Jack hits him in the face, knocking him to the floor. Jack accepts his old job back on the condition that Larry and Stan join him. At the same time just feet away, Caroline tries to tell Richardson that she's quit and Richardson offers her a better working contract. The couple negotiate new employment deals for themselves and agree to return. The film ends here with Jack, Caroline, and the children celebrating their good fortune and everyone watching the TV ad Caroline helped create; Mr. Humphries appears on the new television, announcing Schooner tuna's new low price.
tt1758692
Drama,Romance
Anna and Jacob are college students. He's a talented young designer from Los Angeles; she's a gifted writer from London but after Anna makes the nervy first move, they seem to connect at the purest level. When they're together, they feel like anything is possible. But when Anna overstays her American visa, breaking the rules of 21st Century travel, she unwittingly drops a wall between them. Forced by law to return to London while Jacob remains in L.A., they discover the perils of long-distance relationships. Their lives become wrapped up in anxious text messages, missed phone calls and ecstatic reunions that turn to bittersweet departures. They also begin to change. Jacob's furniture design business takes off in L.A. Anna is promoted to Junior Editor in London. Jacob seeks solace with his assistant, Sam, and Anna has a fling with her neighbor, Simon. Yet every time they are inevitably pulled apart by circumstance, by Homeland Security, by the clash of inexplicable emotions - something keeps luring them back together, something they cannot seem to hold on to, yet cannot live without. Paramount press.
tt0364569
Action,Drama,Mystery
The film begins in medias res, with the silhouette of a man holding onto a rope-like object -- a neck-tie, by which one man is dangling another off the edge of a building. The man holding the neck-tie is Oh Dae-su (Choi Min-sik), who commands the other man to hear his story. The movie then cuts backward to the year 1988. Dae-su is a Korean businessman with a wife and daughter. On his daughter's fourth birthday, he is picked up by police for being drunk and disorderly. He harrasses several other people at the police station, showing them the angel's wings he bought for his daughter. Finally, he has to be bailed out by his old friend, Joo-Hwan. While Joo-Hwan is in a phone booth talking with Dae-su's daughter, Yeun-Hee, and his wife, Kim Ja-Hyun, Dae-su is kidnapped by unidentified people. Dae-su next appears in a private prison resembling a shabby hotel room. He has been kept there for two months with no word of who is holding him there or why. He receives food through a small hatch at the bottom of the door, and is gassed into unconsciousness whenever he becomes suicidal, or when his holders need access to the room (e.g. to maintain it; cut his hair). His only contact with the outside world is through the television, from which he learns one day that his wife has been murdered, his daughter has been sent to foster parents and that he is himself the prime suspect; his captors took blood and other items from him, and have presumably left enough evidence at the crime scene to implicate him as the perpetrator. This, together with his continued captivity, causes Dae-su to slide into near-madness and violent hallucinations. Attempting to get a grip on his sanity and determine his captor, Dae-su fills several notebooks with an autobiography-prison diary, listing everybody whom he could have possibly wronged in the past, but is unable to figure out who would hate him so profoundly as to imprison him like this. From year 5 on, he starts to tattoo lines in his arm for every year he is imprisoned, and forces himself to train by shadowboxing, punching at the walls of his prison until thick calluses form on his knuckles. When one of his deliveries of fried dumplings turns out to have an extra metal chopstick, he conceals it and uses it to slowly dig a hole into one of the walls. Over the next ten years, he works out, follows current events on TV, and loosens enough bricks to glimpse the outside world. He calculates that he will need another month to make the hole large enough to escape. That night, he is gassed again and a lady hypnotizes him. He wakes up to unfamiliar surroundings. Just as abruptly as he was captured, Dae-su is set free on the rooftop of a building that has been constructed over the place where he went missing. He has a new suit of clothes and his prison diaries. Adjusting to the bright afternoon light, he sees another man sitting on the edge of the building with his small dog. The first human being he has interacted with in fifteen years, Oh Dae-su is taken aback, unable to have a proper conversation with him. We learn that the man is suicidal and says to Dae-su, "Even though I'm no better than a beast, don't I have the right to live?". He then attempts to jump off the edge, but Oh Dae-su grabs his neck tie, saving him from death. Dae-su tells the man to delay his death, because he wants to tell him his story, to which he utters "What?". The scene ends at the point in which the movie began. After relating his story, Oh Dae-su walks off and out of the building, ignoring the despondent man's plea to listen to his story in turn. As he is leaving the front entrance, the suicidal man lands on a car behind Dae-su, killing himself and his pet. Dae-su pauses, followed by a wide smile. "Laugh and the world laughs with you. Weep and you weep alone", he thinks to himself; a direct quotation from the first line of Ella Wheeler Wilcox's famous poem, Solitude. Throughout the movie, Oh Dae-su uses this quote as a mantra for himself whenever he faces horrible situations. Wandering the streets of the city, Dae-su does not know what to do with his new-found freedom due to his enemies framing him as the murderer of his wife. When a gang of thugs attack him, he finds that his ten out of fifteen years of solitary training have paid off; he fends them off with only his fists. Next, Dae-su stands on the street looking at fish swimming in an aquarium, when a homeless man walks up and gives him a wallet full of cash and a cellphone. He then meets Mi-do (Kang Hye-jeong), a girl who works in a sushi bar; he recognizes her from a cooking show he often watched while imprisoned, and she says he looks familiar too. An unknown man contacts Dae-su via his cellphone, and claims to be the one who imprisoned him. He mentions it was an experiment, and taunts Dae-su to come and find him and learn the reason for the imprisonment. He gives a mysterious clue: "a grain of sand and a rock both sink in water with the same speed". Dae-su asks Mi-do for something alive to eat, and gulps down an entire living squid, much to Mi-do's shock. Dae-su collapses with a high fever; Mi-do takes pity on him and takes him in. At her apartment, Dae-su experiences a moment of weakness and tries to sexually assault Mi-do. She fends him off, but understands he did it out of desperation. She tells him that she will make love to him soon, and she will indicate when she is ready for it. Over the next few days, Mi-do does some inquiries and finds out that Dae-su's daughter has been adopted by a couple in Sweden. Dae-su decides not to contact her yet and goes home with Mi-do, only to find out that she has been chatting on her computer for some time with a person, who subsequently reveals to be Dae-su's captor. Dae-su feels he cannot trust Mi-do and leaves. Based on the taste of the dumplings that he ate for 15 years while imprisoned, and having seen the name "Blue Dragon" on a receipt fragment once, Dae-su goes to various Chinese restaurants with "Blue Dragon" in the name in order to determine exactly which restaurant it was. When he finally finds the right one, called "Magic Blue Dragon", he follows the delivery boy on one of his calls, and finds the prison. Once there, he finds and ties up the prison's manager, Mr Park, and tortures him by pulling out the man's teeth with a claw hammer (15, one for each year he was imprisoned). Mr Park points him to tape recordings, one bearing his name. From the recording, Dae-su learns that the facility is a private prison for people who want someone locked away. His captor had him booked for 15 years and even suggested what drugs to give him if he'd go insane. The only reason the captor would give is: "Oh Dae-su talks too much." Upon leaving, the prison guards gang up on Dae-su, but he fights them all off with nothing more than his clawhammer and his bare fists (although he does get stabbed in the back). Gravely injured, Dae-su is put into a taxi by a man passing by. The man sends the taxi off to Mi-do's exact address, revealing he is Dae-su's captor, but Dae-su is unable to do anything about it in his weakened state. Back at home, Mi-do nurses him back to health. Dae-su goes to see his old friend Joo-Hwan in his internet shop, and plays the tape recording for him. Joo-Hwan doesn't recognize the voice, but succeeds in identifying Mi-do's on-line chat friend, a person calling himself "Evergreen". They initiate a chat and Evergreen congratulates Dae-su because his wife's murder case has been dismissed, and taunts him some more. Dae-su returns home and tries to violently force more information from Mi-do, still thinking she is working with Evergreen. Suddenly, Joo-Hwan calls, saying that he has tracked down Evergreen's user ID and found the owner's details. The owner's name is 'Su Dae-oh' and there is also an address. Dae-su realizes it is an apartment in the building accross the street from Mi-do's appartment. He rushes off, investigates the apartment and finally meets his captor, a man called Woo-jin (Yu Ji-tae), and his bodyguard, Mr Han, in one of the rooms. Dae-su tries to attack, but is incapacitated by Han. Woo-jin tells Dae-su he cannot kill him, because if he does, he will never learn why he was imprisoned, and if he tries to use torture, Woo-jin will remote-deactivate the pacemaker he had surgically placed in his own chest. But Woo-jin offers to play a game with Dae-su: he must find out why all this happened to him in the next five days. If he fails, Mi-do will die on July 5. If he succeeds, Woo-jin promises to kill himself. While leaving, Woo-jin casually remarks that Dae-su left his front door open. Dae-su races home and finds that Mr Park and his gang of thugs have captured and sexually abused Mi-do. Dae-su is roughed up, and Mr Park is about to use the same teeth-pulling torture trick on Dae-su, when Mr Han shows up at the door and offers Mr Park a suitcase full of money, if he leaves. Park takes it and while leaving, Dae-su threatens to cut off Park's hand. Dae-su and Mi-do leave the apartment. On the road, they grow closer together, and Mi-do indicates she is ready to make love. After the love-making, they are gassed and Woo-jin leaves a package in their room. It contains Mr Park's severed hand. Dae-su realizes that Woo-jin can hear every word he says, so he must have bugged him. They go to a shop and have a wire removed from his shoe. The next day, with Mi-do's help, Dae-su finds out that 'Evergreen' refers to his old high school, where he discovers Woo-jin was once a fellow student. He calls his friend Joo-Hwan, who confirms the finding, and mentions that Woo-jin's sister, who attended the school at the same time and had a promiscuous reputation, killed herself later. However, due to the not being able to spy on Dae-su anymore, Woo-jin has gone to Joo-Hwan's internet shop, and enraged over the comments made about his sister, he beats Joo-Hwan to death while having Dae-su listen over the phone. Strongly suspecting that the reason for his imprisonment has something to do with the sister's death, Dae-su tracks down Mr Park. Due to losing a hand to Woo-jin, he is cooperative now and agrees to hold Mi-do in Dae-su's old prison facility to keep her safe from Woo-jin. He also confirms that Dae-su was drugged and hypnotized several times while imprisoned. Dae-su finds another classmate and discusses Woo-jin and his sister with her. Apparently, there were growing rumors about the sister's sex life and her possibly being pregnant at the time. The rumors were spread by Joo-Hwan, but it seems Dae-su himself was the source. Then he has a sudden recollection of memory. One day at school, as it turned out, Dae-su had unintentionally witnessed Woo-jin and his sister Soo-ah while engaging in a sexual encounter. Not knowing at the time that the two were related and the scene he was witnessing was an instance of incest, Dae-su casually mentioned what he had seen to one of his own friends, just before transferring to a school in Seoul. Eventually, the rumor started a life of its own and Soo-ah threw herself over a dam on July 5, killing herself. Dae-su finally realizes the solution to the first clue: "a grain of sand and a rock both sink in water with the same speed", means that a casual remark and an outright accusation may both have the same devastating consequences to a person, so Woo-jin holds Dae-su responsible for his sister's death. Dae-su finally finds out where Woo-jin lives, and confronts him with all of this information. He accuses Woo-jin of creating a search for a memory that was erased using hypnosis; but Woo-jin claims not to have messed with Dae-su's memory, Dae-su had simply forgotten it himself because he thought it was insignificant. However, his litlle slip of the tongue grew out of proportion, to the point where it was rumored that Soo-ah had become pregnant. It was never clear whether this had in fact occurred, but believing it and fearing public humiliation, she killed herself. Dae-su, however, implies that Woo-jin killed his own sister, afraid of fathering her child, and tried to shift the blame to Dae-su to cope with the guilt. Woo-jin does indeed possess a photo of Soo-ah on the dam, dated the day of her death, July 5. He took the picture, so he was present at her suicide. But Woo-jin then side-steps these allegations with an even more devastating revelation. He gives Dae-su a photo album, the first picture of which is a family portrait of himself, his wife, and his daughter. The remaining photos in the album are of his daughter growing older, until in horror Dae-su discovers that his daughter is none other than Mi-do (at the same time, Mi-do finds angel's wings in a bag, the same Dae-su had bought for her 4th birthday). By carefully manipulating both of their lives - secretly taking care of Mi-do from the age of 3 (probably the reason for 15 years, 3+15=18) - Dae-su's since his incarceration and Mi-do's since her father vanished - and hypnotizing each of them independently, Woo-jin was able to cause Dae-su and Mi-do to commit incest as well. Dae-su goes into a rage and fights with Mr Han. Despite being mortally wounded, Mr Han keeps him subdued, until Woo-jin shoots and kills him. Dae-su then learns that Mr Park is still working for Woo-jin, having been granted the ownership of the prison in exchange for severing his hand. Mr Park is with Mi-do, and is ordered to give a similar album to her at Woo-jin's command. Dae-su is horrified, and begs Woo-jin not to let this happen. He then gets on his hands and knees and starts to bark like a dog, eventually going so far as to cut off his own tongue so that he will never talk too much again. During this scene Woo-jin holds a handkerchief to his mouth, and it looks as if he is crying, but then it shows clearly he is laughing with smugness and struggling to hide it so he can continue to watch Dae-su torture himself. With his thirst for vengeance that was his sole reason for living finally spent, Woo-jin spares Mi-do from knowing and readies to kill himself and Dae-Su with the same bullet. He changes his mind, however, and gives Dae-su the remote switch to his own pacemaker. Dae-su immediately grabs it and uses it, only to find that it doesn't kill Woo-jin, but activates a tape recorder. Woo-jin exits the penthouse in an elevator, leaving Dae-Su alone to be tormented by a tape recording of his incestuous love-making with his own daughter. As Woo-jin leaves, we are taken back into his guilt-ridden memory of his sister's death. He is holding Soo-ah over the dam, trying to save her from killing herself, and she says that she has always known that Woo-jin was afraid, that she regrets nothing and asks him to let go of her. She seems at peace, and eventually he releases his grip. Back in the elevator, Woo-jin realizes that even after getting his revenge against Dae-Su, nothing will take his pain away. The camera is focused on his open hand, which slowly closes as if around a gun, cocks an imaginary hammer -- and fires the real gun into his head in the elevator. In an epilogue set in a wintry landscape, Dae-su goes to a hypnotist (the same one whom Woo-jin hired to hypnotize both Dae-su and Mi-do) and asks for her help to forget the secret. He writes her a letter, since he can no longer talk. The hypnotist said that she originally did not want to help him, but she was touched by his last sentence: "Even though I'm no more than a beast, don't I, too, have the right to live?". It is the same sentence Oh Dae-su heard from the suicidal man who appeared at the beginning of the movie. The hypnotist tells Oh Dae-su to imagine himself back at Woo-jin's penthouse. She uses hypnosis to split Dae-su into two personalities: the "Beast", who remembers the secret, and the "ignorant" Dae-su, who doesn't know. When the hypnotist asks Dae-su to split into the two people, a reflection of himself appears in the window. The hypnotist tells him that the monster will walk away and for every step he takes, he will age a year and die when he reaches 70. The reflection is the "Beast" - he holds a grim expression and remains unmoved, unwilling to leave his place in Dae-su's mind. The "ignorant" Dae-su, reflected in the glass, mourns the loss of a major part of his life. The camera cuts to the cassette player which then finishes playing the music that has set the scene. Oh Dae-su is wished the best of luck, and the screen turns black. Dae-su wakes up. The hypnotist has already gone, and he is left lying on the cold ground with a delirious feeling. He stumbles about, and finally with some hesitation he meets up with Mi-do and they embrace. The soft spoken Mi-do tells Dae-su that she loves him, and a large smile appears on his face, which slowly disintegrates into a tortured grimace.
tt0087050
Horror,Thriller
In the fictional town of Gatlin, Nebraska, Job tells the story of how the town became a safe haven for a group of young cultists. The economy of the town is mostly agricultural, and the town is surrounded by vast cornfields. One particular year the corn crop fails and the people of Gatlin turn to prayer in an attempt to ensure a successful harvest. A mysterious boy preacher, Isaac Chroner (John Franklin), arrives and takes all the children of Gatlin into a cornfield to speak to them about the prophecies of a demonic version of the Judeo-Christian God called "He Who Walks Behind The Rows". Isaac, through his lieutenant Malachai (Courtney Gains), leads the children of the town in a revolution, brutally killing all of the adults in the town. Over the ensuing years, the children take any adults passing through as sacrifices. Three years later, Burt (Peter Horton) and his girlfriend Vicky (Linda Hamilton) pass through Nebraska while driving cross-country to Burt's new job as a physician in Seattle, Washington. They are traveling in their car and hit a small boy out on the highway. This boy was one of the Gatlin children who tried to escape the iron hand of the death cult. The couple place his body in the trunk. They encounter an old mechanic, who is little to no help, as the children of Gatlin have employed him to lead all adults passing through to the town, but they betray him and kill him anyway. Burt and Vicky finally end up in Gatlin, after searching for several hours for a phone. A struggle ensues between the couple, "He Who Walks Behind the Rows" and the children as the couple are violently chased through the city. Burt and Vicky rescue Job and his little sister Sarah, who do not wish to be part of the cult. Vicky is captured by Malachai, and she is prepared as a sacrifice before they track down and capture Burt and the children. Meanwhile, Malachai and the others have grown tired of Isaac's arrogance. Assuming command over the children, Malachai orders Isaac to be sacrificed in Vicky's place. Night soon falls and Burt enters the cornfield to rescue Vicky. The sacrifice soon begins and Isaac is devoured by He Who Walks Behind The Rows. Burt arrives and battles Malachai, convincing the children that their minds have been poisoned and their humanity sacrificed in the name of their false god. As Malachai tries to regain control of the children, Isaac's re-animated corpse (apparently possessed by He Who Walks Behind The Rows) appears and kills Malachai, breaking his neck. Soon, a terrible storm gathers over the cornfield and Burt and Vicky gather the children inside a barn to shield them from He Who Walks Behind The Rows' angry wrath. As the storm intensifies all around them, Job shows a Bible verse to Burt and Vicky that indicates that they must destroy the cornfield for the chaos to cease (it is revealed that "He Who Walks Behind The Rows" is really a demon). While filling the irrigation pumps with gasohol fuel, He Who Walks Behind The Rows lashes out at Burt, preparing to destroy the barn. However, Burt is able to spray the fields with the flammable liquid and lights a Molotov cocktail, tossing it into the field, burning it and seemingly destroying the demon. Burt, Vicky, Job and Sarah survive and are able to leave Gatlin as the cornfields burn. As Burt grabs the map they used to get there, a teenage girl who is a member of the cult jumps out at him from the back seat and attempts to stab him. Vicky knocks her out with the passenger door, and the four walk off into the distance to parts unknown
tt1614989
Action,Crime,Thriller
Save for a somewhat diminutive stature, Roger is a man who apparently has it all; hes Norways most successful headhunter, hes married to the exceedingly beautiful gallery owner Diana, has a far too expensive villa and must, to keep his head above water financially, steal a little too much art. Clas Greve is the perfect candidate for Rogers new recruitment assignment, being a former elite soldier and chief executive in the electronics business. Hes also in possession of a very valuable painting. Robert eyes a chance to permanently get rid of his financial worries and begins planning his final, greatest score. But it turns out that Greve is playing games as well. When Roger breaks into Greves house, he finds something that changes his life completely, and soon forces him to run for his life...
tt0090685
Comedy,Romance,Sport
Thorton Melon is a successful and wealthy businessman who owns a nationwide chain of clothing stores for overweight people. Melon himself came from humble beginnings where his father pushed him to succeed in school, however Melon himself, despite his sharp business skills, never attended college. At a meeting of his top staff, he accepts a few new investment ventures and suggests modifying a few more when his son, Jason, calls him. Jason is a student at a prestigious school, Grand Lakes University. His father asks him how he's doing with his studies, if he's enjoying being in a fraternity and if he's doing well as part of the diving team. Jason tells him all is fine but is actually lying to his father; he isn't in a frat and he's only the towel boy for the diving team. Melon's snooty, mean and spendthrift 2nd wife, Vanessa, holds a dinner party for her rich friends at their luxurious house. Thorton mentions that nearly all the people who attend are only there for free food and drink and want to schmooze her for donations. While he raids the fridge for a beer, he catches Vanessa in a tryst with another man, Giorgio. Thorton has known about the affair for some time and when Vanessa demands a divorce, he presents her with papers and shows her several Polaroids of her having sex with Giorgio. After the party, while he practices diving in his pool, Thorton talks to his personal aide and bodyguard, Lou, about how he's let Vanessa weaken his relationship with Jason. He decides he's going to make a surprise visit to Grand Lakes to see his son. When they arrive, Thorton goes to the wrong Greek house - it's a sorority house - and finds out that Jason isn't in a frat or on the diving team. Jason tells him that he's unhappy at the university because he hasn't made very many friends and the frats & diving team don't want him as a member. Thorton tells him that he needs to stay in college so he can be successful in life. He also tells Jason that he'll join him for a semester at the university, enrolling as a freshman. Thorton has no record of his academic achievement to qualify as a student so he persuades the school's academic dean, Dean Martin, by donating money to construct a new building that will house the Thorton Melon School of Business. The school's dean of the business department, Philip Barbay, is appalled that Thorton is able to bribe his way into Grand Lakes. Thorton counters by saying that he has real world business experience that trumps Barbay's academic credentials. Thorton and Jason register for classes and both take Barbay's business course. In the first class, Thorton counters nearly every point Barbay makes about his lesson plan for the semester where they will learn about theory by building a fictional company that will make and sell a product. Later, Thorton and Jason attend a literature class taught by Diane Turner whom Thorton embarrassingly falls for immediately. Though she's seeing Barbay, she seems to enjoy Thorton's freewheeling personality and dates him as well. When Thorton forgets that he's supposed to meet Jason for a study session, Jason instead meets with a young woman who he's smitten with, Valerie, and they bond, despite Valerie's attachment to a snobby student, Chas. Meanwhile, Thorton, while partying at a local bar, comes to the aid of Jason's roommate, Derek, a politically radical troublemaker who'd earlier disrupted a pep rally for the football team. The team's captain threatens to beat Derek when Thorton has Lou intervene, prompting a huge brawl. Thorton later comments that the football team isn't nearly as tough as his high school team was. Thorton also connects with the school's diving coach; the man knew Thorton when he was an entertainment diver on a pier in Atlantic City. The coach tells him that Jason tried out for the team but didn't do well. Thorton has Jason execute a difficult dive for the coach on the spot. Thorton soon finds that he likes the fun aspects of college; hanging out in bars, throwing parties, schmoozing with female coeds, but he doesn't like the academic work involved. He brings in his senior staff and hires people from scientific corporations to do his classwork for him. Jason is angered when his father presents him with an astronomy paper that Jason wants to do himself. Jason becomes further disillusioned with his father when, after he makes the diving team, that his father might have persuaded the coach to let him join. One night during a wild party thrown by Thorton in the dorm room he had luxuriously renovated, Thorton is caught in the hot tub by Diane with several young women. His relationship with her is further hurt when she reads the paper he'd turned in on Kurt Vonnegut, saying that he couldn't possibly have written it himself and that the person who wrote it for him didn't know anything about Vonnegut. (Thorton had called in Vonnegut himself (who appears in a cameo) for assistance.) Barbay soon goes to Dean Martin with charges leveled against Thorton of academic fraud. Thorton lies and insists the work he did was his own but Barbay trumps his claim by suggesting that Thorton's final exams be given to him in oral format so he can't cheat. Thorton begins to pack, wanting to leave. Jason convinces him to stay and that he and his roommate, Derek, and Lou will all help him cram for his finals. When Thorton's big day arrives, he's exhausted. Barbay starts the proceedings, giving Thorton a grueling single question composed of 27 sections. Thorton persists and answers all the parts correctly. When he wants to give up, Diane asks him to recite Dylan Thomas' "Do not go gentle into that good night". Thorton gets a boost and finishes his exams. The Grand Lakes diving team has a match the same day. Jason does very well, earning high points while Thorton watches and waits for his exam results. When the team begins to fall behind their rivals, the diving coach calls Thorton poolside to execute his famous Triple Lindy dive from his Atlantic City days. Thorton is reluctant but Lou talks him into it. Thorton executes the dive, involving bouncing on several diving boards on 3 different levels of the platform and the team wins the match. Diane finds him after, telling him he earned all D's in his classes and one A from her. Thorton is allowed to give a humorous address to the graduating class. He tells them to stay in college and become successful, drawing laughter from the crowd.
tt0082010
Comedy,Horror
Hiking on a road on the Yorkshire moors of Northern England, American college students David Kessler and Jack Goodman come to a small village. They go into the local pub, called the Slaughtered Lamb, where they're coldly greeted by the locals. One of the regulars tells an off-color joke and while everyone, including David and Jack, laughs, Jack asks why the bar has a sort of shrine with candles and a pentacle. The bar is immediately silenced and the locals become even more unfriendly, prompting David and Jack to leave. Before they leave, the locals tell them to stay on the road outside and not to wander into the moors. As Jack and David walk along the road it begins to rain and the fog surrounding them grows thicker. Subsequently, they drift off the road and find themselves disoriented on the moors. They hear the ominous baying of an animal in the distance and Jack suggests they return to the village. They then hear a low growling nearby and catch sight of a large animal, which is circling them. They hurry off in the opposite direction, only to find that the creature has flanked them. Hurrying faster, they break into a run and David trips and falls. While they laugh over David's accident and Jack helps him up, Jack is attacked by a large wolf, which savagely mutilates him. David had run off but runs back when he hears Jack screaming. He finds Jack's body ripped apart and is himself attacked by the wolf, which bites and scratches him on his face and shoulder. Gunshots are heard; the villagers from the Slaughtered Lamb have appeared and have shot the wolf. Before he falls unconscious, David sees the bloodied body of a naked man lying next to him. David wakes up in a London hospital. His doctors and nurses inform him that he's been unconscious for three weeks since the attack and that Jack is dead. The police have also informed his parents about his condition. David is distraught at the thought of Jack's murder and the doctors sedate him. Later, he's visited by a chief of police and a representative from the American Consulate. The question him about the incident where Jack was killed. David doesn't have much to tell them except that Jack was killed by a large and powerful animal.The policeman tells David that he'd talked to the patrons of the Slaughtered Lamb and they'd told him that Jack was killed by a recently escaped murderer. David begins to experience strange dreams that become nightmares; in one, he runs nude through the forest and comes to a bed. He sees himself lying in the bed; when the bedridden David opens his eyes, they appear animal-like and he snarls. After a few days in the hospital, David sees an apparition of Jack, still mutilated. Jack has come back as a spirit to warn David that they were attacked by a "lycanthrope" a werewolf. Worse, David will be doomed to transform into a werewolf himself at the next full moon, a few days from then. Jack also tells David that he must kill himself to break the werewolf's bloodline, or he may attack others and continue the cycle. Jack is incredulous, thinking that his trauma from the experience is affecting his mind. Jack assures him that the curse is very real. One of David's nurses, Alex, becomes very attracted to David and invites him to stay with her at her London flat after he's released. The two become lovers. Late one night while Alex is asleep, David wakes up to use the bathroom. He is startled by Jack, whose spirit form has begun to decay. David is still unwilling to believe Jack's warning, even when Jack tells him that he may harm Alex. Jack disappears and David is left still believing he's losing his mind. David is left alone in Alex' apartment when she goes to work. That night, David suddenly begins to scream in pain and he slowly transforms into a wolf. Loose in the city, he first stalks a man on the London Underground. The man hears David's growling and begins to walk quickly away, eventually running as David chases him. He makes it to an escalator and slips, and David kills the man. In another part of the city, David attacks a group of homeless men and kills them all. He also lures a couple out of their house and attacks another couple on the street killing them as well. David wakes up, thinking he suffered another nightmare and finds that he's naked and in the wolf's pen at a zoo. He steals some balloons from a child & an overcoat from a woman. He rides back to Alex' flat on the Tube. In the meantime, David's doctor, Hirsch, travels to East Proctor. Having been suspicious of David's wounds when he was admitted, Hirsch questions the townsfolk there, asking them why David's injuries were fully cleaned & dressed when they turned him over to the medical professionals. The townsfolk are reluctant to answer the doctor's questions, however, one of them meets the doctor outside the pub and tells him what happened and that David is cursed. The doctor returns to London and asks Alex about her new relationship with David. He tells her to keep an eye on him and that she might be in danger. Alex and David go out for a day in London. While they're out, David spots a paper that tells of the murders he committed and how they're going unsolved. David realizes that Jack is right and tries to have himself arrested, even shouting statements that are offensive to Brits. Eventually he becomes so upset that he runs off, leaving Alex behind. David winds up in a porno theatre at Piccadilly Square. Jack visits him again and introduces him to the ghosts of the people he murdered. They're all quite angry with David and all try to convince him to commit suicide immediately. David suddenly transforms into the wolf again and bursts out of the theatre, attacking people on the street and causing several violent car crashes. He's hunted by the police to a dead-end alley. Hirsch and Alex find him there and Alex tries to calm David down and help him transform back. With some recognition of Alex in his eyes, David leaps at her, feigning an attack. The police shoot him dead immediately. =================== 2 american Backpackers are touring around europe and have arrived in a desolate part of the UK . Before long they are warned by the Locals of The Slaughtered Lamb to avoid the moors at night. Shortly afterwards they are attcked my a mysterious beast which kills one of them and wounds the other. the beast is subsequenlty killed by the locals and then the fun really begins. After coming round in Hospital David meets Nurse Price and begins to have disturbing dreams . He is visited by his now dead friend Jack who tells him that they were attacked by a Werewolf and that David will soon become one himself. Shortly after leaving hospital and Moving in with Nurse price a Series of grisly Murders takes place . And David realises that his dead best friend maybe right .
tt1139797
Drama,Horror,Romance
Twelve year old Oskar (Kre Hedebrant) is so wimpy that he's constantly picked on by the other boys at his school, especially Conny (Patrik Rydmark) and his two friends, Martin (Mikael Erhardsson) and Andreas (Johan Smnes). Out of fear, Oskar never fights back. In the evenings, however, he sits in the courtyard rehearsing knife attacks on his tormentors. One evening, Oskar notices a new girl about his age and her father moving into into #15, the apartment next door to his. Oddly, the first thing they do is to cover the windows with cardboard. What Oskar doesn't know is that Hkan(Per Ragnar) is not Eli (Lina Leandersson)'s father... he is her renfield... and Eli is a vampire. It is Hkan's job to bring Eli fresh blood, which he gets by killing other humans. First he anesthetizes them with halothane, then he strings them up by the feet, slits their necks, and catches the blood in a jug, leaving the bodies to be discovered the next day. Unfortunately for Eli, Hkan is having problems securing blood for her. On his first kill after moving into the new apartment, he either lost or forgot the jug filled with blood. Consequently, Eli is beginning to get hungry. One evening, as Oskar is in the courtyard stabbing a tree in lieu of his tormentors, he notices Eli watching him. She's not very friendly, as she tells him right off that she can't be friends with him. The next evening, they run into each other again in the courtyard. Oskar notices that Eli is not wearing a coat even though it's the dead of winter in Stockholm. What's more, she's not even cold. And she smells bad. Still, Oskar shares with her his Rubik's cube and shows her how to work it. After Oskar has gone inside, Eli goes hunting. She waits in the shadows under a bridge. When two neighborhood friends, Jocke (Mikael Rahm) and Lacke (Peter Carlberg), part company, and Jocko walks under the bridge, Eli calls out, "Help me!" Thinking that the little girl has fallen, Jocko picks her up. Suddenly, Eli latches onto him and bites his neck. Gsta (Karl-Robert Lindgren), a friend of the two men, sees everything from his apartment window. By the time he is able to stumble into the Sun Palace Cafe and get help, however, Jocko's body is gone (Hkan has already covered up the killing by tossing the body into a pond), but they do find Jocko's blood in the snow. The next morning, Oskar finds that Eli has solved the Rubik's cube and left it in the courtyard. When they meet there later in the day, Eli is a bit more friendly, taking the time to explain to Oskar how she went about solving the puzzle. She also smells better, but it's odd that she cannot remember her birth date when Oskar asks. Since Eli doesn't know her birth date, she doesn't celebrate her birthdays and gets no presents, so Oskar offers her the Rubik's cube. The next day at school, Oskar stays after class to copy the symbols for Morse code from the encyclopedia. On his way home, he is confronted by Conny and his two friends. When Conny orders Oskar to show him what he copied from the encyclopedia and Oskar refuses, Martin grabs Oskar and Andreas begins to whip his legs with a stick. As an added measure, Martin slaps the stick against Oskar's cheek, gashing it. Oskar later tells his mother that he fell during recess. But when Eli asks what happened, he tells her the truth. Eli tells him that he must start to fight back. If so, they will stop tormenting him. If they don't stop, Eli promises to help him. Oskar shares with Eli the Morse code that he copied from the encyclopedia. That night, they practice tapping on the wall that separates their apartments. The next day at school, Oskar signs up for the weight-lifting program. Later, he takes Eli to a candy store and offers her a piece. At first, she refuses; then she tries one. Oskar finds her heaving on the sidewalk around the corner. He hugs her. Eli asks him whether or not he would still like her if she wasn't a girl. "I guess so," Oskar replies, not quite understanding what Eli is asking. As the friendship between Oskar and Eli deepens, Hkan starts feeling a bit jealous. He tries again to obtain blood for Eli. This time he preys on a student alone in the weight-lifting room, but he is interrupted when Matte (Christoffer Bohlin)'s friends come to pick him up. Knowing that he is trapped and about to be discovered, Hkan pours acid on his face so that he can't be identified. When Eli learns that Hkan has been taken to a hospital, she shows up asking for her father. The desk clerk tells her that Hkan is on Level 7, so she climbs up the outside of the building until she gets to his window. Hkan lets her in and offers her his neck. After Eli drinks his blood, Hkan falls to his death. Eli returns to the apartment building and taps on Oskar's bedroom window, asking to be let in. Oskar is almost asleep but he tells her to come in. Eli crawls into bed with him, and Oskar notices that she doesn't have any clothes on. He asks her whether she'd like to go steady with him, and Eli replies "I'm not a girl." That doesn't seem to bother Oskar, so they decide to go steady. The next morning, Eli returns to her own apartment, but she leaves a note for Oskar that reads, "To flee is life; To linger is death. Your Eli." One afternoon on a school outing to a local pond for some ice skating, Conny, Martin, and Andreas again confront Oskar with a warning that they are going to push him into an ice hole. This time, however, Oskar stands up for himself and takes a swipe at Conny's head with a stick, causing his ear to bleed. At the same time, two younger students gone off to pee behind some trees notice a body frozen in the ice. The police are called, and the body is cut free. Later that afternoon, after school is out, Oskar brings Eli to a basement room at the school. When Eli asks why they're there, Oskar pulls out a knife and cuts his palm, offering to mix bloods with her. Watching Oskar's blood drip on the floor, Eli can no longer stand the hunger that she's experiencing now that Hakan is not providing her with blood. She falls to the floor and begins to lap up Oskar's blood. The body stuck in the ice is identified as that of Jocko's. Jocko's drinking buddy, Lacke (Peter Carlberg) and his girlfriend Virginia (Ika Nord), try to convince Gsta to tell the police what he saw the night that Jocko was murdered. During the discussion, however, Lacke defends his closeness with Jocko by pointing out that Virginia is "cold", Consequently, Virginia storms off. Lacke follows her to the subway where Eli jumps on her. Fortunately, Lacke is able to kick Eli off before she kills Virginia. Unfortunately for Virginia, Lacke's save only means that Virginia is doomed to become a vampire. She notices the change the next morning when she opens the blinds and quickly closes them again. That evening, she visits Gsta's apartment looking for Lacke, but she is viciously attacked by Gsta's cats. Later, in the hospital, Virginia realizes that she's been infected with something and decides that she doesn't want to live. She asks the doctor to open the blinds to her room. Immediately, she is consumed in flames. A wimp he might be but Oskar is not a dummy. He has figured out that Eli is a vampire and confronts her. Knocking on the door ot her apartment, he is let in to see that there is no furniture and that Eli smells bad again. When Eli comes to his apartment and asks to be invited in, he stalls, asking her what would happen if he didn't invite her in. Eli steps inside and begins to bleed from various places on her body. Oskar relents and invites her in. Eli explains that she drinks blood because she has to. Apparently, Oskar understands, as he allows Eli to shower and put on one of his mother's dresses. As Eli dresses, Oskar peeks in the door and notices that Eli has a horizontal scar across her public area and no evidence of a vaginal slit. [NOTE: In the novel, Eli was born male and castrated at age 12 by the vampire that turned him.] When Oskar's mom comes home, Eli immediately scampers across the window from Oskar's apartment to hers, even though it's two stories up. The next morning, Oskar finds a note from Eli asking him whether he wants to meet her that evening. Lacke has somehow traced Eli to her apartment. He breaks in and finds her asleep in the bathtub. Because he can't see in the dark, he rips open the cardboard covering the windows. Oskar, who was in the apartment waiting for Eli to wake up, screams "NO!" giving Eli sufficient time to jump on Lacke and drink his blood. After feeding, Eli thanks Oskar, but informs him that she must go away. That night, Oskar looks out the window to see Eli moving. The next day, Oskar gets a call from Martin, asking whether or not he's going to be at swimming practice that afternoon. Martin also tells Oskar that he thinks Oskar was right to stand up to Conny. That afternoon, while Oskar is in the pool, someone starts a fire in the trashbin out back, forcing the attendant to leave the pool area unattended. As Martin distracts Oskar, Conny, Andreas, and Conny's big brother Jimmy (Rasmus Luthander) enter the pool area. Jimmy orders everyone else out of the pool. When they are alone with Oskar, Jimmy gives Oskar an ultimatum... either stay under water for three minutes or have one of his eyes poked out... Oskar's eye for Conny's ear. Then Jimmy grabs Oskar's hair and pushes him under. A minute passes. Suddenly, feet can be seen skimming on the surface of the water, followed by Jimmy's severed head, and then Jimmy's severed arm. An almost drowned Oskar is pulled from the water by Eli, who has just slaughtered three of Oskar's tormentors, leaving the fourth sobbing on the side of the pool. Epilogue: Oskar sits on a train. Snow is falling outside. A large basket sits in front of him. From inside the basket comes a rapping. Oskar raps back in Morse Code, "P-U-S-S", Swedish for "kiss". [Full synopsis by BJ Kuehl]
tt0414852
Action,Crime,Sci-Fi
In 2010, social problems such as violence, drugs and organized crime have overrun the poorer suburbs of Paris, especially a Banlieue commonly referred to as B13 (Banlieue 13, or District 13 or Borough 13 in English), a ghetto with a population of some two million. Unable to control B13, the authorities construct a high wall topped by barbed wire around the entire area, forcing the inhabitants within to survive without education, proper utilities, or police protection behind the containment wall. Police checkpoints stop anybody from going in or out. Three years later, an almost feudal system has developed amongst the street gangs of B13. The area is now flooded with hard drugs such as heroin and completely controlled by gangsters. Certain blocks are ruled over by various individuals and one high rise apartment block is looked after by an athletic and street-wise man known as Leto (David Belle). Leto hates drugs and injustice and wages a one-man war against a neighboring gang lord named Taha Bemamud (Bibi Naceri) to keep his own building and people safe and free of drugs. Leto captures 20 kg of cocaine from Taha, worth over a million euro, which incites Taha to send his thugs to recover the merchandise, led by the towering K2 (Tony D'Amario). Leto destroys the cocaine by using bleach and uses parkour to evade Taha's thugs through the building and across rooftops. Taha kidnaps Leto's younger sister Lola (Dany Verissimo) to use against him, but Leto manages to invade Taha's base, rescue his sister, and kidnap Taha in turn. Leto takes Taha to the police office at the edge of the district perimeter, but the police are in the process of abandoning their position on orders from the French Ministry, and are also threefold outnumbered by Taha's gang. The police release Taha and allow him to take Lola with him to avoid a confrontation. In addition, they put Leto in a cell also to contain the situation, but Leto kills the police chief in the process for handing over Lola. Six months later, outside of B13 in the affluent areas of Paris, an undercover police captain named Damien Tomaso (Cyril Raffaelli) infiltrates an underground casino and attempts to arrest the gangster who owns it. His extraction procedure fails, however, forcing him to fight his way through an army of thugs to escape the casino. Upon the mission's completion, Damien immediately receives another assignment from his chief and also the Defence Secretary of France, Mr Krger. He is told that Taha has stolen an experimental neutron bomb that is set to detonate in 24 hours. His mission is to convince Leto, imprisoned for months, to lead him to Taha's base so that he can disarm the bomb. Damien attempts to pass himself off as a fellow prisoner and helps Leto escape to B13, but Leto sees through Damien's act and abandons him. After fighting off some of the local thugs, Damien locates Leto and admits the truth. They team up to disarm the bomb and rescue Lola. The pair surrenders to Taha in order to gain access to his base. There, they discover that Taha has rigged the warhead to a missile launcher, pointed towards the center of Paris and is prepared to blackmail the government with it. Taha demands a high ransom, which is refused by Damien's government contact. The pair escape, and while Taha's thugs pursue them, he discovers that the government has emptied all of his offshore accounts in the Bahamas. One of Taha's men asks how Taha will pay them. Frustrated Taha trys to shoot the member who asked him that only noticing his gun to be unloaded. Taha offers money from a safe he possesses. Knowing that with Tahas accounts emptied and unable to have any reason to work for him the thugs shoot Taha. This leaves K2, a more sympathetic character, in charge and K2 has a moment of reconciliation with Leto, suggesting that peace is possible in the future within B13. Leto and Damien fight their way to the tower holding Lola and the bomb. Once there, Damien calls his contact to receive the deactivation code, 9293709B13. Leto recognizes the code as a reference to the bomb's location (9293 is the district's area code), the day's date (7 September), and the district, B13. Leto deduces that the government has set them up and the code will actually detonate the bomb instead of deactivating it. He fights Damien to prevent him from entering the code. The timer runs out and the bomb does not detonate, proving Leto's theory. The pair return to the government building with the bomb and force Mr Krger to admit that he had planned to blow up B13 as a means to get rid of it. The confession has been taped and is immediately broadcast by pirate television transmission. The pair's actions cause a major scandal that sparks public support for B13. Soon the rest of the government promises to tear down the containment wall and bring back schools and police to B13. Leto and Damien depart as friends, and Lola kisses Damien to encourage him to visit B13 in the future.
tt0130827
Crime,Drama,Thriller
The movie opens with a series of questions about humanity and what we know to be true. After the credits, the camera zooms into a house and stops at a ringing telephone. Lola picks up and begins talking to Manni. Manni is in a telephone booth and questions her about where she has been since she was supposed to be waiting for him at the spot they had planned on. She tells him some guy stole the moped she was on while she was in the store and that it happened so fast she couldn't catch up to him. Manni begins to cry. He tells Lola that he made a big mistake and claims they're going to kill him. Lola asks him what happened and he begins to recollect the events. He says everything was going as planned; the car transactions went well, he got the diamonds he needed and crossed the border successfully, his encounter with a dealer went well, and he got the money he needed: 100,000 marks. All that was missing was her waiting for him at the spot. He walked to the train station and got on, but a bum bumped into him and fell. He helped the bum up, but two security guards got on the train. On instinct, he got off leaving the bag of money on the seat. He did not realize it until a minute or two later. He tried to go back to get the money but was stopped by the two security guards. The train left with the bag of money and the bum opened it, immediately grabbing it for himself. Manni tells Lola he would not be in this situation if she had been there on time. He blames her for being so sensitive and for believing love can solve anything. He tells her to come up with 100,000 marks in twenty minutes because that is all the time he has left before he has to meet Ronnie, his boss, and turn in the money or else he will kill him. He begins to tell her that over and over again until Lola screams "Stop" so loud, a few glasses on her TV set break. She finally tells him that she will come up with something in twenty minutes. She tells him to stay where he is and she will get him the money. He gets desperate and spots a store across from his phone booth and tells her that he is going rob it because that's the only way he can come up with that much money in twenty minutes. Lola thinks he is crazy and tells him again not to move from there. She tosses the phone and begins to think who she can go to. Images of possible people flash in her head until she finally decides on her dad. First Run: She begins to run through the city, and she bumps into a woman and her baby in a carriage. In a series of photo shots, it depicts the woman's future. Her baby is being taken away by social services and she ends up taking someone else's baby in a park. The camera returns to Lola running. Meanwhile, her dad and a woman is having a conversation in his office at a bank. The woman is telling him that she cannot go on lying and doesn't know who she will wait for a man who doesn't want to be with her. Lola continues running and encounters a guy on a bike who, while riding next to her, wants to sell her the bike for 50 marks. She says no. In a series of photo shots, his future is shown. He gets beat up by some men, and his bike is taken away. He ends up in a hospital where he meets a nurse, and they get married. It goes back to Lola crossing in front a car that barely misses her. The man driving stares at her and doesn't see another car coming, crashing into it. Manni is still in the phone booth. He is talking to someone and asks the person what he is supposed to do with 500 marks. He hangs up and returns the phone card to the blind lady he borrowed it from, but she doesn't take it. Meanwhile, Lola's dad and the woman are still talking and she tells him he has to decide whether or not he wants to be with her because she's pregnant. Lola finally reaches her dads work and is running to his office but accidentally bumps into a clerical worker. Again, in a series of photo shots, her future is shown. She gets into a car accident, is paralyzed, and then commits suicide. Lola finally reaches her dad's office and asks him for help. She tells him she needs 100,000 marks or her boyfriend will die. He starts to ask questions about her boyfriend and she tells him It doesn't matter in a scream so loud, she breaks the glass wall clock. He then walks her out and tells her he is leaving her mother and marrying another woman. He also tells her that he is not her father and throws her out. Lola is dazed for a little bit then exits the bank. A lady approaches her and asks her what is wrong, but Lola asks for the time and begins to run again. Manni is on the phone with someone and seems frustrated. He walks up to the store he plans on robbing and looks inside. Meanwhile, Lola is running and repeating over and over for Manni to wait for her. Manni makes up his mind and enters the store. Lola gets there too late because he is already pointing a gun and telling the cashiers to open the cash registers. She bangs on the window glass and asks him why he didn't wait for her. He tells her she got here too late. He then asks her if she is with him. At first, she just wants to leave, but she then grabs a bag of glass bottles from a lady nearby, goes into the store, and hits the security guard on the head. She grabs the gun from the guard and covers for Manni while he gets the money from the registers. They take off running, but the police block them. They run the other way but get blocked from that direction as well. Manni throws the bag of cash at the police. While looking up at the bag, the cop accidentally fires his drawn gun and hits Lola in the chest. She falls back, and Manni goes to her. She thinks back to when she and Manni were in bed together, and she questions his love for her. Manni finally asks her if she wants to leave. She replies no; she does not want to leave. She then says, "Stop", and the movie goes back to the beginning. Second Run: She hangs up the phone and begins running with her dad already in mind. She bumps into the same woman and her baby. This time, in the series of photo shots, the woman wins the lotto and is happy. Lola continues to run and encounters the man on the bike again, but this time his photo shots depict him as a bum and a drug junkie. She keeps running and instead of crossing the car, she jumps over it. The man still crashes into the other car because he is staring at her. She continues to run and bumps into the homeless guy with the bag of cash. She obviously does not know he has the money and keeps running. Meanwhile, her dad and the woman are having the same conversation. She asks him if he wants to have a baby with her even though it might not be his. At that moment, Lola enters the bank. This time, as she is running to her dad's office, she doesn't bump into the clerical worker. She gets to the office and finds them arguing. This time, he is telling the woman he cannot leave his sick wife and three kids. He tells Lola to leave them alone and go home, but she tells him she needs money. The woman tells her she should be ashamed for barging in on them. Lola calls her a stupid cow and her dad slaps her across the face. Lola begins to throw objects at her dad and leaves on her own. As she exits, the security guard tells her she can't always have what she wants. She walks back, but takes the guards gun with her. She reaches her dad again and tells him to go with her, but not before she shoots at the wall next to his head to let him know she is serious. She holds the gun to his head as they're walking out. The clerical worker tries to stop them, but Lola tells her to get lost. This time, in the clerical workers photo shots, she meets someone within the bank who likes to play dominatrix with her. Lola and her dad reach the front of the bank and tells one of the tellers to bag 100,000 marks. However, he only has 88,000 marks has to go downstairs to get the rest. He returns, and Lola tells him to put the money in the garbage can. She takes the bag and leaves. The police have the bank surrounded already. She just stands there staring at them, but the police tell her to get out of the way. They think it is someone else holding up the bank, so she begins to run to Manni. Manni is looking into the store he is going to rob. Just as he makes up his mind to go in, Lola calls to him. He turns around to go to her, but as he is crossing the street, he gets run over by an ambulance. This time, as he is lying on the street, he flashes back to when he and Lola are in bed together and asks her what she would do if he died. They go back and forth on the issue until Lola finally tells him he isn't dead yet, and the movie returns to the beginning again. Third Run: Lola hangs up the phone for a third time and starts to run through the city again. She encounters the woman with the baby but this time doesn't bump into her. This time the woman's photo shots depict her having a religious awakening. She encounters the guy on the bike but this time he doesn't try to sell her the bike and instead pulls into a sausage stand. The bum with the money is there and offers to buy the guy a drink. The bum tells him that some unexpected things can happen, and the guy tries to sell him the bike for 70 marks. Meanwhile, Lola is running and this time stumbles on the hood of the car. She and the driver recognize each other. He is Mr. Meyer, her dad's associate. He asks her if everything is okay. She replies no, and continues running. Meanwhile, the bum ends up buying the bike and riding it throughout the city. Lola's dad and the woman are conversing, and the woman asks him if he wants to have a baby with her. He says yes but then is interrupted by his secretary on the phone. She says Mr. Meyer is outside waiting for him, so the dad goes to him. Just as they're pulling off, Lola reaches the bank. She sees them and yells for them to stop. Meanwhile, Manni is getting out of the phone booth and returns the phone card to the blind lady. She tells him to wait and turns to look out on the street. Manni follows her gaze and notices the bum on the bike riding through the street. Manni recognizes him and chases after to him. He almost gets run over by Mr. Meyer, but Meyer swerves and hits another car head on. Meanwhile, Lola is still running and thinking about what to do. She almost gets run over by a truck, but she spots a casino and goes in. She gets a 100 mark chip and places her bet at a roulette table. She wins 3,500 marks, but she bets it all again on the same number. As the roulette wheel is spinning, she starts to scream really loud and breaks champagne glasses that people are holding. She wins the 100,000 marks she needs and takes off again to find Manni. Meanwhile, Manni stops the bum by pointing a gun at him and takes the money. The bum then asks for the gun, and Manni gives it to him. Lola gets into the back of an ambulance in which a sick man is there. His heart rate is irregular. She claims to be with him and holds his hand. His heart beat regulates. She gets out of the ambulance and calls out for Manni, but he isn't there. Then she sees him getting out of a car about a block away with Ronnie. They shake hands, and Manni begins to walk towards her. He asks her if everything is okay, and they begin walking together. After a minute or so, he asks her what is in the bag she is carrying, and the movie ends in a photo shot.
tt0081353
Adventure,Comedy,Family
Popeye (Robin Williams), a muscular sailor man, arrives at the small coastal town of Sweethaven ("Sweethaven - An Anthem") while searching for his long-lost father. He is immediately feared by the townsfolk simply because he is a stranger ("Blow Me Down"), and is accosted by a greedy taxman (Donald Moffat). He rents a room at the Oyl family's boarding house, whose daughter, Olive (Shelley Duvall), is preparing for her engagement party. Her hand is promised to Captain Bluto (Paul L. Smith), a powerful, perpetually angry bully who manages the small town in the name of the mysterious Commodore. In the morning, Popeye visits the local diner for breakfast ("Everything Is Food") and demonstrates his strength as he brawls with a gang of provocative ruffians who give him and the other customers a hard time. On the night of the engagement party, Bluto and the townsfolk arrive at the Oyls' home. However, Olive sneaks out of the house, after discovering that the only attribute she can report for her cruel fianc is size ("He's Large"). She encounters Popeye, who failed to adapt with the townsfolk at the party. The two eventually come across an abandoned baby in a basket (Wesley Ivan Hurt). Popeye reads a note attached to the basket, stating that the woman who gave birth to the child unfortunately cannot take care of him, and requests that Popeye be his father. Popeye agrees to adopt the child, naming him Swee'Pea, and the two return to the Oyls' home. However, Bluto has grown increasingly furious with Olive's absence, eventually flying into a rage and destroying the house ("I'm Mean"). When he sees Popeye and Olive with Swee'Pea, Bluto beats Popeye into submission and declares heavy taxation for the Oyls. The taxman repossesses the remains of the Oyls' home and most of their possessions. The Oyls' son, Castor (Donovan Scott), decides to compete against the local heavyweight boxer, Oxblood Oxheart (Peter Bray), in the hopes of winning a hefty prize for his family. However, Castor is no match for Oxheart and is savagely beaten and knocked out of the ring. Popeye takes the ring in Castor's place and defeats Oxheart, putting on a show for the townsfolk and finally earning their respect. Back at home, Popeye and Olive sing Swee'Pea to sleep ("Swee'Pea's Lullaby"). The next day, Olive informs Popeye that during his match with Oxheart, she discovered that Swee'Pea can predict the future by whistling when he hears the correct answer to a question. Local con artist and petty gambler Wimpy (Paul Dooley) overhears and asks to take Swee'Pea out for a walk, though he actually takes him to the horse races and wins two games. However, Popeye is outraged, and vents his frustrations to the racing parlor's customers ("I Yam What I Yam"). Fearing further exploitation of his child, Popeye moves out of the Oyls' home and onto the docks; when the taxman harasses him, Popeye pushes him into the water, prompting a celebration by the townspeople. In the chaos, Wimpy, who has been intimidated by Bluto, kidnaps Swee'Pea for him. That night, Olive remarks to herself about her budding relationship with Popeye ("He Needs Me"), while Popeye writes a message in a bottle for Swee'Pea ("Sailin'"). Wimpy sees Bluto taking Swee'Pea aboard the Commodore's ship; he and Olive inform Popeye. Inside, Bluto presents the child to the curmudgeonly Commodore, promising that he is worth a fortune; however, the Commodore refuses to listen, reminding Bluto that his buried treasure is all the fortune he needs. With his patience with the Commodore exhausted, Bluto ties him up and takes Swee'Pea himself ("It's Not Easy Being Me"). Popeye storms the ship and finally meets the Commodore face-to-face, realizing that he is his father, Poopdeck Pappy (Ray Walston). However, Pappy initially denies that Popeye is his son; to prove it, Pappy tries to feed Popeye canned spinach, which he claims is his family's source of great strength. However, Popeye hates spinach and refuses to eat it. Bluto kidnaps Olive as well and sets sail to find Pappy's treasure. Popeye, Pappy, Wimpy and the Oyl family board Pappy's ship to give pursuit. Bluto sails to Scab Island, a desolate island in the middle of the ocean, while Pappy argues with his son and rants about children ("Kids"). Popeye catches Bluto and fights him to the death, but despite his determination, Popeye is overpowered. During the duel, Pappy recovers his treasure and opens the chest to reveal a collection of personal sentimental items from Popeye's infancy, including a few cans of spinach. A giant octopus guarding the treasure awakens and attacks Olive from underwater (after Pappy saves Swee'Pea from a similar doom). With Popeye in a choke hold, Pappy throws him a can of spinach; recognizing Popeye's dislike for spinach, Bluto force-feeds him the can before throwing him into the water. The spinach revitalizes Popeye and boosts his strength; he knocks down Bluto in one punch, then swiftly deals with the giant octopus, sending it flying hundreds of feet into the air. Bluto swims away as Popeye and the rest of everyone else celebrates his victory and his newfound appreciation of spinach ("Popeye the Sailor Man").
tt0468492
Action,Drama,Horror
In 2000, an American military pathologist is commanding a reluctant Korean assistant to violate protocol by dumping over 200 bottles of formaldehyde down the drain, leading into the Han River. Over the next few years, there are sightings of a strange amphibious creature in the water ways. Six years later, in Seoul, Park Gang-du (Song Kang-ho) has fallen asleep while working at small snack-bar. His father, Hee-bong (Byeon Hee-bong), chases them away. Gang-du wakes up thinking he heard the voice of his daughter Hyun-seo (Go Ah-sung), but it was a different little girl. Hee-bong gives Gang-du an order to deliver to some customers, but Gang-du eats part of his customers' food. Also with him is his brother and sister; national medalist archer, Nam-joo (Bae Doona), and alcoholic former-activist Nam-il (Park Hae-il). While Gang-du is delivering food to some customers, he sees a crowd along the Han River. They witness a huge creature hanging from the Wonhyo Bridge, which then jumps into the water. At first, it seems as though the creature has swam away, encouraging the public to bait it back with food. Moments later, the creature rises out of the river and runs amok. After the creature causes chaos and kills a number of people, Gang-du and an American man attempt to kill the creature with a metal pole, but in the process the American is seriously injured and they only succeed to anger it and starts pursuing Gang-du. Gang-du grabs a girl's hand which he believes to be Hyun-seo and starts to flee. When he realizes he isn't holding Hyun-seo, he turns to see the creature running towards her. The creature then snatches Hyun-seo and dives back into the river. During a mass funeral for the victims of the creature (including Hyun-seo, believed dead by her family) Government representatives arrive and forcefully quarantine all those who have been in direct contact with the creature, including Gang-du and his family. The South Korean government announces that the creature is not only a direct danger, but also the host of a deadly, unknown virus (which is the formaldehyde from the drain) as the American (who lost an arm to the creature) is discovered to be infected with it. While in quarantine inside a hospital, Gang-du receives a phone call from Hyun-seo, who is not dead, but trapped somewhere in the sewers by the creature. She is cut off as her phone battery runs out. Gang-du tries to explain this to others, but his protests go ignored by all except his family. All four of them then decide to escape the hospital to track down Hyun-seo. Hee-bong also buys weapons and a map of the sewers from a group of men, so they are prepared for searching for Hyun-seo. Meanwhile two brothers, Se-jin and Se-joo, are searching for food when they are attacked by the creature. They attempt to flee but are both 'eaten' by the creature. The creature then takes both brothers back to the sewers where it regurgitates both of them with only Se-Joo coming out alive. Hyun-seo sees that Se-Joo is alive and they both hide out of sight from the creature. While Gang-Du and his family are searching the sewers and streets for Hyun-Seo they stop at a food stand to rest. The next morning Hee-bong tells Nam-il and Nam-joo that Gang-du can't help being the way he is because of his miserable childhood, which he hypothesises affected Gang-du's physical health and mentally disabled him. Soon after they are attacked by the creature. They fire at the creature but quickly run out of ammunition. Gang-du, believing he has shells left in his shotgun, gives his gun to his father, at his request, so that he can attempt to hold off the creature, buying his family some time. As Hee-bong is about to fire at the creature, Gang-du realises he has miscounted his shots, and that his shotgun is empty. As he looks back to his father, Hee-bong is attacked and killed by the creature. Gang-du runs back to his father but the Army and scientists arrive and capture Gang-du. Nam-il and Nam-joo are able to hide but are separated from each other while Gang-Du is taken away, screaming in agony over his father's death. While Nam-joo is searching through the sewers, she comes across the creature and tries to attack it with her bow. She hesitates to take a shot and the creature knocks her down into a hole, knocking her unconscious. The creature unable to reach her continues running through the sewers. After being placed in a special medical facility, Gang-du is interrogated by two scientists. Interpreting his ravings about his still-alive daughter as a product of infection by the virus, they decide to operate on his brain in an effort to extract a samplea procedure they deem necessary as until now they have found no actual trace of any virus. As he is being prepared for the operation, however, Gang-du manages to break free. Taking one of the nurses hostage with a syringe of his supposedly-infected blood, he escapes to continue his search for his daughter. Nam-il attempts to get help from a friend who tells him that the Government have placed a bounty on his and his families heads. While in an office building Nam-il is betrayed by his friend for the bounty. Nam-il evades capture from both his friend and the police and flees. Nam-il wakes up the next morning with a homeless man (Yoon Je-moon) sitting next to him. After talking they both join together to try and find Hyun-seo and kill the creature. Back in the sewers, while the creature is sleeping, Hyun-seo ties together clothes from the bodies of the dead to create a rope. She successfully latches the makeshift rope to the top of the drain but while she attempts to jump up to the rope she is caught by the creature. The creature, seemingly still sleeping, gently puts Hyun-seo back on the ground. Terrified, Hyun-seo slowly attempts to hide but the creature leaps at her and Se-joo and swallows the both of them. Meanwhile, the government announce they will release a harmful chemical called Agent Yellow, into the river and its surrounding areas, that they hope will kill the creature. People against Agent Yellow arrive starting to protest its release. Gang-du finally finds the sewers where the creature kept Hyun-seo but the creature and Hyun-seo are not there. As Gang-du climbs down into the sewer the monster passes over him. He sees Hyun-seo's arm hanging out of the creatures mouth and starts to chase after it. As Gang-du is running after the creature he comes across Nam-joo and noticing that it is heading towards the protest, go after it together. As Nam-il and the homeless man arrive at the protest, and as the creature attacks, Agent Yellow is released. Agent Yellow appears to hurt the creature but doesn't kill it. As the creature is laying on the ground, Gang-du sees Hyun-seo in its mouth. He pulls her and Se-joo out but Hyun-seo is revealed to have died clutching Se-joo, who is still alive. In a fit of rage, Gang-du attacks the creature with a metal pole but is knocked to the ground. Nam-il and the homeless man then come to Gang-du's aid, with Nam-il throwing Molotov cocktails at the creature. The homeless man climbs up to the platform above the creature and starts to pour petrol onto it but as Nam-il goes to throw his last bottle he drops it. Nam-joo then picks up the flaming cloth from the bottle with one of her arrows and fires it at the creature, hitting it in its eye. The creature bursts into flames and attempts to run to the Han river when Gang-du appears from behind one of the bridges pillars, with the metal pole in hand, and impales the creature in its mouth, finally killing it. As Nam-il and Nam-joo hold Hyun-seo, mourning her death, Gang-du walks over to Se-joo and picks him up, taking him away from the protest and to safety. Time passes and Gang-du is living with Se-joo in his food stand. At night, Gang-du believes he sees something in the distance, picking up a shotgun, but then realizes it was nothing. Gang-du and Se-joo then sit down to have something to eat, while a news broadcast about the monster attack on the TV is on. The film ends with Se-joo asking Gang-du to turn the TV off so they can concentrate on eating.
tt0116213
Action,Drama,Thriller
During the opening credits, a man (later identified as John Kruger) (Arnold Schwarzenegger) gets dressed in ninja clothing, and then loads his gun. There are scattered images of Social Security papers, a passport, a birth certificate, etc. The man burns the means of ID; one of the pictures burning is of a woman (later identified as Lee Cullen) (Vanessa Williams). John is a U.S. Marshal for the Witness Protection Program (Witness Security Program, or WitSec). Nighttime: A mobster is punching a man (later identified as Johnny Casteleone) (Robert Pastorelli), gagged with duct tape in a chair. The mobster tells him, "You can't hide, Johnny. Nobody hides from us." His accomplice is pouring gasoline on Johnny's wife on the floor, also gagged. Another hoodlum sees the front door drift open. When he goes outside to check it out, a garrote grabs him by the neck and pulls him up. Back in the house, the thug is telling Johnny that Mr. Cannelli wants a "souvenir." He brandishes a knife, removes the tape from Johnny's mouth, and slams him onto the floor, holding his mouth open, while another thug pulls out some pliers. The first thug tells the man that he'll forward his tongue to witness protection. One of thugs gets some food from the fridge. When he turns around, he sees John Kruger in ninja gear. He tries to shoot, but John kicks him, and then slams the freezer door on his neck, killing him. The first thug calls for the two dead guys with no response. John enters the living room, and shoots and kills two of the thugs. He finally kicks the first one, knocking him through the glass of a coffee table, then chokes him and breaks his neck, killing him. John removes his mask and tells Johnny to shut up when he tries to talk. He pours red liquid on Johnny and his wife, then tells them not to move, that they're "dead", while he takes photos of them. He tells them he needs their clothes, rings, watches, and all IDs. He frees them, and has Johnny help take two corpses in morgue body bags from his station wagon to the house. When he opens the body bags in the house, the corpses are dead ringers for Johnny and his wife. He tells them to put the clothes on the corpses. John drags two of the dead thugs to the front yard and puts the Polaroid photos in one of the thug's coat pockets. He shoots one thug and puts the gun in the hand of the other thug. He calls 911 on his cell phone, telling them that there's been a murder at Johnny's address. When Johnny comes outside John tells him that he's staging it to appear that they killed him then turned on each other. Inside the house, John pours some more gasoline on the floor and hears sirens. He tells Johnny not to worry because they need an audience. He lights a flare and tosses it onto the floor next to the corpses from the morgue, then carries the other two dead thugs in the body bags to his station wagon. They drive away as the house explodes in flames, just before the police arrive. John tells Johnny that he endangered himself and the lives of U.S. Marshals assigned to protect him when he went to a restaurant at his old neighborhood. He tells Johnny that next time he'll be dead, because a rescue like this one only happens once. They stop by a lake and get out. John rigs the gas pedal, sending the car into the lake, where it sinks. He takes them to an SUV where government agents are waiting to take them away. He tells them he'll never see them again, but he'll know every move they make, that if they skip out on their testimony he'll deliver them to the Cannelli family himself. John walks away, and Johnny shouts to him that John can ask anything of him in the future. As Johnny and his wife get in, an agent tells them, "Smile, you've just been erased." The next day, John goes to the offices of the United States Marshal Witness Security Protection Program. A coworker tells him to look at some driver's licenses; one is from their shop and the other two are real. John runs his fingers over them and correctly chooses the fake. John logs into the computer and creates new IDs for Johnny Casteleone and his wife. His coworker and mentor Robert Deguerin (James Caan) congratulates John then asks him about last night. John tells him that a couple of witnesses got careless and he had to diffuse the situation. Robert tells him that improvisation is the old days, because congress is on their backs. As John leaves to talk to WitSec Chief Beller, Robert tells him that he's the best. Beller (James Coburn) tells John that in all the cases under WitSec protection, there's not one like this -- Lee Cullen is an honest person. He says that she is a senior executive of Cyrez Corporation, a top secret weapons research company, and that someone there is selling out the U.S.; Lee is the key witness for the government's case, and will participate in a sting operation tomorrow. Beller says that John will take over after the sting; the sealed file is for John's eyes only, and only John and Beller will know her exact location. Beller tells John that important people in Washington could be burned by the sting. John tells Beller that so could she. Lee walks into the Cyrez building and takes an elevator upstairs to her office. Two FBI agents in another building across the street watch her through cameras with telescopic lenses and binoculars. She puts a small speaker into her left ear. A brooch on the lapel of her business suit is the microphone/camera. Finally she does a sound and visual check with the FBI. Lee passes through security before reaching the vault, and punches the combination the FBI provided her. After she enters the vault the FBI's reception disappears and an agent says that they lose transmission in the vault; she only has 5 minutes until the security shift change. She inserts a mini CD from her purse into the computer, enters an access code and starts copying a file. The display shows the file she's copying: a weapon called a hypervelocity mag pulse (rifle). The agents wonder what's taking her so long, that she only has two minutes left. When the copying is complete, she takes the disk and starts to leave, but she grabs another mini CD from the desk and copies the file again. Lee takes the 2 disks and the vault code, then leaves. Outside the vault, her audio/video transmission resumes. The security guard tells Lee that Mr. Donohue (her boss) wants to see her now, and escorts her to his office. The agents wonder where Donohue's office is, and Lee says, "25th floor," so the FBI agents get backup ready. Inside the office, William Donohue (James Cromwell) shows her a video of her on the way to the vault, saying he trusted her for 5 years, someone he told others could be trusted. He asks who she is working for, and she says she should ask him that question. Donohue tells her that this isn't the Red Cross; they make weapons. He tells her that if the government isn't willing to pay the price for them, it's his job to find someone who will. Lee accuses him of treason. Donohue grabs her and finds the microphone/camera. Lee tells Donohue that the FBI heard everything he said and are watching them now. Donohue pulls a gun out of his desk drawer and points it at her, asking her how she could do that to him, then puts it in his mouth and shoots and kills himself. The blast blows out the window behind him. The guard and other people come in, and Lee runs out in the pandemonium. When she reaches the lobby, security guards chase her, but she runs outside into a van with the FBI agents inside and it drives away. At the FBI offices, Lee gives one of the disks to agent Corman (John Slattery), who gives it to two other agents. Agent Leiman (Michael Gregory) tells her that if Cyrez is selling weapons technology, it's treason. He tells her that the disk and her testimony will put the conspirators behind bars, then tells her that they are now concerned for her safety. John steps out of the elevator. Another agent tells her that it's U.S. Marshal John Kruger with the Witness Protection Program, and will handle her personal protection because more people are involved in the conspiracy. John tells her that he will give her a new identity. Lee refuses WitSec help, and tells them that she will keep up her end of the bargain and testify, then leaves. John criticizes the agents because they told her it would be easy. Leiman insists that they didn't have a case without her. John tells him that it was easier to put her life on the line instead of theirs, and then leaves. The two agents with the disk sign the disk over to agent Sully at the evidence locker. When Sully is alone, he swaps the disk with another one. He calls an unknown person on the phone and says, "It's me. Your music has arrived." Lee gets home at night and inserts the disk into her computer. A warning comes onto the screen: "Unable To Run Program. USE RESTRICTED TO DEDICATED SYSTEMS". A technician (Denis Forest) at Cyrez sees the same warning on his computer and alerts Morehart. When Lee tries to decrypt the files, another warning comes on the screen: "Decryption Problem. USE RESTRICTED TO DEDICATED SYSTEMS. HARDWARE DECRYPTION REQUIRED". Lee removes the disk from the computer and calls Claire Isaacs (Roma Maffia) on the phone. Lee agrees with Claire that she shouldn't have trusted the Feds, and that they are watching her. Claire calls them idiots, and then tells Lee that if Lee lets her write the story, Cyrez will be on the front page. Lee tells her that it's probably not safe to talk on the phone. The camera shows that both agents at the car are dead and the windows are smashed, and men are gathering outside Lee's house. Lee tells Claire that she made a copy of the disk. Claire tells her that it's her insurance. Lee hears noises and nervously tells Claire she has to go, and hangs up the phone. Lee's ex-boyfriend Darryl (Cylk Cozart) comes downstairs. She asks him why he let himself into her house. He replies that he has been worried about her, but she tells him that it's over and there's nothing else to talk about. Outside, a man charges up a rifle and looks through the x-ray scope, peering through the walls of her house. He finds Lee and Darryl in the kitchen, their skeletons and organs visible, and aims for Darryl's heart, but stops when a van approaches the house. Darryl accuses Lee of seeing someone else. A man with a "LET'S PARTY!" logo on his back and carrying party balloons comes to the door and rings the bell. Darryl opens the door, assuming that it's Lee's new boyfriend. The man with balloons hands Darryl a card, then tells them to get down and pulls Lee to the floor. It's John! The man with the rifle shoots Darryl, knocking him across the room into a wall. John and Lee run through the house while shots from the rifle pour in, destroying everything they hit but missing John and Lee. John overturns the fridge and they hide behind it. The gunman tells his leader that he doesn't have a shot, so the leader launches a grenade into the kitchen. John raises the fridge door for shielding just before drill bits fly out of the grenade all throughout the kitchen; one of them hits his hand. The assassins' leader sends them into the house. John pulls his bloody hand off the drill bit, and then rips off the gas line from the stove. He tells Lee that he's lighting a fuse. He aims the gas line at the thermostat then they sneak away. The assassins meet in the kitchen and see the gas line and thermostat just as the thermostat sparks. John and Lee sneak past the men and escape through the front door safely just before the gas explodes, destroying the house. John and Lee drive away in the van as the assassins' leader shoots at them. She's not hurt but worries because Darryl is dead and they could come after her. John reassures her that he will protect her. Lee sees John's hand, and then gets a first aid kit from under the seat and bandages his hand. John asks her if the weapon was from their company. She tells him that it's a secret electromagnetic pulse rifle (later called an EM gun in the movie), which doesn't use gunpowder or bullets, but fires aluminum rounds at extremely high speed. John says he knows about rail guns, another name for it, but the smallest one is on a battleship. Lee tells him that Cyrez was contracted to scale it down to make an assault rifle, the most powerful assault rifle on Earth, but took the money and told the U.S. that it was impossible. John says that Cyrez might have found a higher bidder. Lee tells him that Cyrez is connected everywhere, perhaps even with John's people, so John asks Lee if she wants to put them away. She agrees, and John tells her that he will hide her until the hearings, that no one else will know where she is -- not even his boss. He tells her that the Feds knew she could die but used her anyway. Lee says that she was stupid. John tells her that she trusted them, but now should trust him. Meanwhile, Morehart (Gerry Becker) from Cyrez calls Undersecretary of Defense Daniel Harper (Andy Romano) on the phone, saying that they have a problem. He tells Harper that Lee Cullen is still alive and has a disk and tried to access their program with it. Harper says that he took a lot of risks to retrieve the disk. Morehart replies that she must have made a duplicate. Harper orders him to do whatever it takes to get the disk back. Morehart also tells Harper that Lee called a woman named Isaacs, who is a reporter for The Washington Herald. Harper tells him to do what is necessary. Before leaving for his meeting with the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Harper snaps the disk in half. At a safe house, John and Lee are burning her driver's license, credit cards, and all her photos and IDs in the fireplace. She tells John, "That's it, it's everything I am." John replies that it's just a few numbers and plastic, what you are is inside you; no one can take that from you. Lee tells him that they will try, and John replies he and she will stop them. John says that he needs everything, and makes her remove her pendant. She tells John that it's St. George, and she wore it because she had nightmares about dragons when she was a kid. John tells her that it's his job to watch over her now. He tells her to sleep because they leave at dawn. The next day, John drives Lee to Chinatown in New York to stay with a woman he helped before. Her new name is Mei-Ling, and she testified against the Yakuza in San Francisco. He tells Lee that she will be safe there until the hearings, and gives Lee a new driver's license and credit card under her new name -- Deborah Elliot. He tells her to keep a low profile. As they look at a map of the New York City Zoo he gives her a pager. The signal is 911, upon which she should get out of the apartment and go to the zoo, and wait for his call at the pay phone; she should go to an exit in an emergency. John gives her a snub-nosed revolver and tells her that if anyone claims that John sent them to use it because John works alone. John hopes it will go well so she won't have to see him again until the trial, then he leaves. Lee watches the news on TV as she makes dinner. Undersecretary Harper is seen talking to reporters after testifying before Congress about the Cyrez scandal and said that the use of private contractors is within the limits of the Defense Department spending. He is confident they will be vindicated in the hearings about mismanagement of funds. Meanwhile, John meets with Deguerin at a caf. Two other WitSec agents sit at another table. Deguerin tells John that someone's been murdering their witnesses, 3 in the last 48 hours. Deguerin tells John that no one could know the location of all three witnesses. John realizes that there is a mole inside WitSec. Deguerin tells John that they were all witnesses in high-profile federal cases with international ties. He adds that three more witnesses that fit the profile have to be moved; one is John's and one is Deguerin's. John tells him that he works alone, but Deguerin says that Beller ordered it. John tells Deguerin to move his witness first. At the airport, Deguerin introduces John to the two WitSec agents: Schiffer (Michael Papajohn) and Calderon (Nick Chinlund). Calderon shows a picture of Claire Isaacs to John. He tells John that she could be connected to his witness, but John says he doesn't know her. Calderon says that Isaacs was doing a report on Cyrez, but someone tortured and killed her to make her talk. Deguerin introduces John to WitSec Deputy Monroe (Danny Nucci), and tells Monroe that John is a legend. When they board the WitSec jet, Calderon asks John if he ever gets tired of babysitting scum. John replies that he will make an exception in Calderon's case. Calderon gets indignant, but Deguerin tells him that John is the best, and not to make him angry. Somewhere in the woods, John and the others load their weapons (equipped with silencers) and put on bulletproof vests. Deguerin sends them to surround a cabin by a stream. Deguerin shows them a picture of his witness, Allison. John and Deguerin go to the front door, but find the glass broken and enter the house. Deguerin shoots a man who is about to shoot John, and then John goes upstairs. Deguerin stays downstairs, goes to the bedroom where an armed man is holding Allison, and bursts through the door. The man tells Deguerin that he's early. Deguerin replies that he's late and shoots him in the head. John reaches a bedroom upstairs where a man is hiding behind a door, but John kicks it in his face. The man shoots but John stabs him through the door then shoots another man shooting at him in the hallway. Another man runs up the stairs shooting at John but John fires back and runs into a room. The man checks out the broken window there, but John swings from the overhead and kicks him out the window. Deguerin grabs the gun of the man he just killed and shoots Allison in the lung. Monroe comes in and finds Deguerin pretending to resuscitate her on the floor. Deguerin tells Monroe to get an ambulance. When Monroe leaves, Deguerin smothers her with his mouth, killing her. John comes in just as she dies. He asks why five men were sent to kill her, but Deguerin says that they were set up. Calderon secretly puts a photo of Lee in the man's vest pocket, then pulls it out and hands it to John, asking if she's his witness. John nods yes, so Deguerin tells him to call her now. John becomes suspicious and replies that she doesn't have a phone, so they have to contact her in person, and that she's in Atlanta. Back in the jet, John grabs a water bottle from a bowl. Calderon tries to take one too, but Deguerin gives him a Pepsi from the fridge then hides the bowl. Monroe is shook up, but Deguerin tells him it's nothing to be ashamed of. John agrees and continues to drink the water, but suddenly feels dizzy and looks at the bottle and staggers into a seat. As Deguerin lectures Monroe, John calls Lee's pager. Lee hears the pager and looks at it. She quickly packs a few items, including the gun, into her purse and then leaves the house. Deguerin sits across from John and Monroe asks John why he joined WitSec. John can't answer because he's zoning out. He tells Deguerin, "It's you," then passes out. Deguerin removes John's gun with a handkerchief, bewildering Monroe. Deguerin grabs John's phone, but he cleared the phone number. Deguerin tells Monroe to be quiet, and then asks Schiffer if he captured the call. Schiffer replies that it's a New York prefix. Lee takes a cab to the zoo. Deguerin makes the pilot change course for New York. Monroe tries to call WitSec, but Deguerin stops him and makes him sit down. He gives Monroe his "evaluation" by shooting him with John's gun. Deguerin tells Calderon to get their guys in New York ready, then tells Schiffer to clean up the mess (Monroe). Lee goes to the zoo. John wakes up and looks out the window, then tells Deguerin that they are off course. Deguerin replies that John will take them to Lee. John reaches for his gun, but Deguerin has it in a plastic bag, and tells John that John killed Monroe. Deguerin tosses it to Schiffer and says that John is the mole. John says that Deguerin is a murderer and goes toward him, but everyone draws their guns on John. Deguerin explains that he's a businessman, doing it to get rich, and offers to make John a part of it if he reveals Lee's location. John tells Deguerin that if he drops the gun, John won't have to kill him. Deguerin refuses, so John throws a knife from his belt buckle at him and punches Calderon. Deguerin blocks the knife with his arm and John runs to the emergency exit and opens the door. Schiffer gets sucked towards the exit, so John grabs his gun and throws him out. As John exchanges gunfire with them, he grabs an emergency parachute. Deguerin pulls the knife out of his arm and tells John that he will get sucked into the engine. John grabs a chair and throws it into the engine, setting it on fire. Deguerin shoots at John's hand when he reaches for the parachute, making him fall outside. John hangs on at the doorway and reaches for the parachute again, but Deguerin shoots at him again so John throws it out and lets go. John falls past the engine, points himself at the parachute, and reaches it. He is able to pull the chute, but Deguerin makes the pilot turn the jet around and aim for John. John pulls out the gun and shoots out the cockpit glass, causing the pilot to miss him. The backwash scrambles John's parachute and he falls with it wrapped around him. He untangles and removes it, then pulls the emergency chute shortly before reaching the ground. He lands hard on the roof of a car in a junkyard. A boy and girl rush to him. He trades the parachute plus $50 for their father's tow truck. The father runs out of the office as John drives away. Fire crews put out the WitSec jet engine fire at the airport. One of Deguerin's men traced the call to Mei-Ling's apartment, but Lee was gone. Deguerin replies that it was a signal for her to run. Another man tells Deguerin that three cabs picked a woman by herself near the apartment within 15 minutes of the call. Deguerin says that the one going to the New York City Zoo is the correct one because it's a public place. Lee waits by a pay phone at the zoo while John races through traffic. A man approaches her and tells her he is a U.S. Marshal, and shows her a badge. Lee asks where John Kruger is, and the man tells her that John sent him to be sure Lee is safe until he arrives. Lee asks for the "secret handshake" then shoots him in the leg and runs away. The man calls Deguerin on the phone. He tells the man that he can shoot her but not to kill her. Deguerin and his men reach the zoo. Deguerin shows his badge to an employee, and orders the man to get everyone out and close the exits. Deguerin and his men find Lee and start to chase after her, but John arrives and crashes the truck through a gate and into a tree. The men shoot up the truck, but John is not in it when they check. Lee runs into the reptile house and locks the doors, but men break in and shoot at her. Lee fires back but runs out of bullets. John bursts in through another door and shoots a man, then tells Lee that he's late because of traffic. John asks Lee about her ammunition, and then tells her that he only has two rounds left and to run for the door when he tells her. John doesn't shoot at the approaching men but instead shoots the glass of the alligator tank. Water and alligators rush towards the men. When the alligators start eating the men, John and Lee run to an exit, but other armed men are running toward them. An alligator attacks John and Lee, knocking John's gun away. Lee runs up the stairs. John throws a small stand at the alligator, but it chews it apart. John retrieves his gun and shoots the alligator in the mouth, killing it and then saying, "You're luggage." Deguerin and his men come in and shoot at John and Lee, but they jump through a window and escape. Beller arrives at the zoo in a helicopter. Deguerin tells him that John shot and killed three of his men, and his fingerprints on the gun prove it. Beller is surprised that he ran prints already, but Deguerin replies that he saw it. Beller can't believe it because he's known John for years. Deguerin adds that Lee is in with John and shot one of Deguerin's men. Beller orders Deguerin to bring John in alive, then gets back in the helicopter. Deguerin orders the police captain to put an APB on John. On the roof of a church somewhere in New York, John calls Beller. He tells Beller that Deguerin is the mole, is after his witness, and has killed the others. Beller asks John where he is and tells him to turn himself in, and that witnesses say he is the shooter. John tells Beller he will call him back when he has proof and hangs up. John tells Lee that they need hard evidence and she shows him the copy of the disk she made. She says she was supposed to give it to a friend who is a reporter at The Washington Herald. John asks if it was Claire Isaacs, which surprises Lee. John tells Lee that Claire is dead. Lee says she didn't tell anyone, and fears that they will be next, but John says they probably tapped her phone. John tells her that the disk is keeping them alive. Lee says that the disk has to be run inside Cyrez, which has high security. John replies that they will go there anyway. Just then, the church catholic priest, Father Rodriguez (Ismael 'East' Carlo), (his new identity) comes onto the roof, and John introduces him to Lee. John tells her that some of his Columbian "associates" tried to kill him. Father Rodriguez lets them borrow his car. Later that night, John and Lee arrive at a gay nightclub for men in Washington D.C. While Lee waits in the car, John goes inside to talk to "Johnny C", working there as a bartender (and the only straight person there). John tells him that he needs his help, so Johnny has the other bartender Kevin (Rick Batalla) cover for him while he goes out for a while. While Johnny drives the car, John tells him that he needs his help to break into Cyrez. Johnny thinks that they need large weapons, but John hands him three packs of "Ultra-Seltzer" tablets, telling him that it's all they need. Johnny drops John off at a hospital, and John says he will meet them at Johnny's place. John runs to an ambulance while Johnny drives to his apartment with Lee. The next day, Deguerin gets into a limousine where he tells Harper that he'll have the situation under control in 24 hours. The hot-tempered and wicked Harper is not satisfied, because they have 10 tons of secret assault weaponry that they already sold on the black market. Deguerin suggests canceling the arms shipment for a while because of all the commotion, but Harper orders Deguerin to get the guns out of the country tonight or he will be killed tomorrow. Deguerin informs him that John will take Lee into Cyrez to read the disk. Harper orders Deguerin to get rid of her, the disk, and the guns by dawn. That afternoon, reporters are gathered out the Cyrez building because of the House Armed Services Committee investigation of the company. Deguerin is inside Cyrez talking to security chief James Haggerty (Patrick Kilpatrick) about John, who is expected to show up to run the disk there. Haggerty tells Deguerin that the vault is the only place he can run it, so he waits by the video monitor. Johnny poses as a pizza deliveryman and sneaks into Cyrez, insisting that he has a pizza delivery for Blevins. Two of Deguerin's men search Johnny, but they find pizza in the boxes. Unseen to them, Johnny puts the tablets in his mouth and pretends to have a seizure, rolling his eyes and foaming at the mouth. Security takes him to the infirmary and calls an ambulance. Deguerin calls Schiffer, who informs him they will move the weapons within an hour. Disguised as paramedics and driving the ambulance that John took from the hospital the previous night, John and Lee arrive at the Cyrez security gate then go to the infirmary and load supposed medical equipment onto a gurney, but Deguerin doesn't see them on the video monitor. Johnny removes the heart monitor leads, but the nurse thinks his heat stopped and shocks him with a defibrillator. John and Lee burst in, and John points his gun at them and makes her stop. Johnny grabs the guard's gun and then ties the guard and the nurses up with medical tape while John and Lee leave. In the security office, the technician reports that someone is accessing the disk, but no one entered the vault through the door. Deguerin goes with security guards to the vault. John's not inside, and the technician reports that he must be using a remote terminal somewhere in the building. He tells Deguerin that he can locate John by scanning all the terminals for activity. Meanwhile, John and Lee are in Donohue's office accessing the disk. They find offshore banking deposits for $52 million, which John determines is for an arms sale. The buyer is Sergei Ivanovich Petrofsky (Olek Krupa). John informs Lee that Petrofsky heads a Russian mafia cartel that sells guns and drugs. At the same time, the technician narrows the search to the wing where Donohue's office is located, so Deguerin takes his men there. John finds the delivery date is tonight at midnight, for 1,000 EM guns, at Baltimore Harbor. The technician locates John and Lee in Donohue's office and begins erasing the disk, and a message appears on the screen: "YOU'VE JUST BEEN ERASED", so John smashes open the disk drive and removes the disk, but its too late as the disk (and the evidence) is erased. Suddenly, security men bursts into the room, and shoot at John and Lee. John throws Lee to the floor and shoots back, then throws the chair at them. More security men arrive in the elevator, so John blocks their fire with a security guy, then pulls the pins on the guy's grenades and kicks him into the elevator (blowing up the men). John and Lee run out of the office, and then John tells her to meet him at the ambulance on the ground floor so they can get away. Lee runs down the hallway, and a bulletproof glass wall lowers behind her while an alarm sounds. Deguerin grabs her, and then he and John shoot at each other but can't break the glass. Deguerin threatens to kill Lee if John interferes, then takes her away. John shoots a fire sprinkler, causing the sprinklers turn on, the fire alarm to sound, and the glass wall to rise. John reaches the roof as Deguerin leaves with Lee in a helicopter. A short while later, John and Johnny take the ambulance back to the car. John tells Johnny that he is going to Baltimore alone, but Johnny tells him that his cousin Tony (head of the local mafia union) runs the docks at Baltimore and will find the shipment. John lets Johnny take him there. That evening, John and Johnny arrive at the docks find Tony -- nicknamed Tony Two-Toes (Joe Viterelli), and he is surprised that Johnny is alive. Johnny tells him that John saved his life. Johnny introduces Tony's right hand men; Sal -- nicknamed Sally Boy (John Snyder) and Little Mike (Tony Longo) to John. Johnny tells the mob union guys that they have bigger worries than Cannelli. John informs them that a major arms deal is happening tonight on Tony's docks. A Russian cargo ship is moored at the dock. Deguerin meets Petrofsky there and assures him that he has things under control. Lee is tied up on a chair, and Deguerin tells him that she is an "insurance policy", but he shouldn't worry. Deguerin tells Petrofsky that he can do what he wants with her when they reach international waters, then leaves. John calls Beller and informs that he has proof that Cyrez is selling weapons on the black market, and that Harper is involved and Deguerin is the facilitator. John tells him that it's happening tonight at Baltimore docks, Pier 57, and then throws the phone aside without hanging up, knowing that Beller will trace the call. Deguerin drives to his command van to coordinate the shipment, and tells his men to watch for John. Johnny and the union guys, Tony, Sal, and Mike, approach a guard at the gate. Tony and his men ask the guard why no union people are loading the ship. The security chief comes over where he orders them to leave, and they ask him the same thing. Meanwhile, John jumps down from a warehouse and takes out two gunmen. Their gunfire distracts the security guards, allowing Tony and the others to knock them out and take their guns. John breaks into a building, but Calderon locates him with an EM gun and tries to shoot him. John sees the light from the scope and jumps aside in time. Calderon and Schiffer fire several rounds into the building, destroying the interior. Deguerin sends men in to check that John is dead. Meanwhile, John is trying to remove a sharp piece of metal that pierced his leg. John's shotgun is jammed, so he throws it across the building and one of the men picks it up. Calderon mistakes the man for John and shoots him. John removes the piece of metal from his leg just as the other man reaches him, and then stabs and kills him with it and takes his pistols. Schiffer and Calderon enter the building, so John breaks through the floorboards and crawls underneath them. He shoots them, breaks through the floorboards again, and then takes their EM guns and shoots two more men who came in. Deguerin orders all the other men to shoot at the building. On the docked ship, Lee uses the distraction to untie one hand and hit Petrofsky in the head with the coffee pot, unties her other hand, then kicks him and runs out. John comes out of the building, shooting and destroying everything in his path. Meanwhile, Sal shoots the sniper in the crane before he can shoot Sal, causing the operator to drop the container. Lee escapes from the ship and runs away. Deguerin, up on a container, has captured Lee; he holds her hostage with a pistol and makes John drop his EM guns. He then shoots John in the shoulder and makes the crane operator raise the container. Petrofsky and his men shoot at John, but he safely jumps onto the end of the container. Johnny, Tony, Sal, and Little Mike come up in a front loader and shoot the Russians. John climbs to the top of the container and punches Deguerin in the face, causing him to drop the pistol. Deguerin hits John with a crowbar, but John gains the upper hand. As John and Deguerin fight, Lee reaches for the pistol, but the container tilts to one side and she falls over the edge. John grabs her and pulls her back up, then puts her up on the ladder. Deguerin recovers the pistol and prepares to shoot John, but John removes the chain with the crowbar and the container falls to the ground. The container shatters, spilling the EM guns, and throwing John and Deguerin off. A short while later, the police and Beller arrive on the dock as John is trying to pull the container door off Deguerin. Deguerin tries to shoot John so John takes the pistol away. Beller's men take the door off Deguerin and take him away on a stretcher, and Beller thanks John. Lee runs over and thanks John, and they hug. A few days later, Deguerin and Harper leave a courthouse after being indicted for treason over the arms shipment. Deguerin tells the press that he was being patriotic and their actions have exposed a secret alliance the administration had with the nation's enemies. Deguerin insists that they will be vindicated at the trial. After John and Lee observe this, John tells her that Deguerin and the others could get away with it if they are able to blame it on Morehart. John asks her if she's ready, and they walk to a van. Deguerin tells Harper that the case won't go to trial without Lee's testimony. John and Lee get into the van, and it explodes a few seconds later; pandemonium erupts. Deguerin and Harper get into a limousine as if the explosion were expected. No one sees a hand close a grating under the van. Deguerin then tells Harper that now that Lee is dead, they can begin clearing themselves of responsibility, including killing Lee's friends and family if necessary. Deguerin and Harper think each other arranged the van explosion. The limousine stops abruptly and the doors lock, and then the driver's security window rises. Johnny, the chauffer, gets out and runs away from the limousine, leaving it stopped on some train tracks. John calls Deguerin on the limousine phone and tells him, "You've just been erased." Deguerin looks out the window and sees John. The railroad crossing gates lower and a train sounds the horn as it approaches the limousine. All the men inside the limousine struggle futilely to unlock the doors and break the windows, but the train slams into the limousine and destroys it. Johnny drives by in the car and waves to John. John gets into an SUV where Lee is waiting, and Lee asks him what happened. He replies, "They caught a train," then they drive away. Synopsis written by Mu_Ve_Watchr_89.
tt0082348
Adventure,Drama,Fantasy
In ancient England, warfare reigns between Uther Pendragon (Gabriel Byrne) and the Duke of Cornwall (Corin Redgrave). To bring peace, Merlin (Nicol Williamson) secures the mystical sword Excalibur from the Lady of the Lake (Hilary Joyalle) and gives it to Uther. Impressed by this symbol of power and Uther's promise of land, Cornwall relents and recognizes Uther as king. Cornwall hosts a celebration, where his wife, Igrayne (Katrine Boorman) dances. Uther cannot hide his lust and the fragile truce is broken. Uther besieges Cornwall's castle. He again asks Merlin to intervene. Merlin agrees to give him Igrayne but only if Merlin will receive the result of Uther's lust. That night, Uther's men draw Cornwall out of his castle and ambush him, killing him. Merlin transforms Uther to resemble Cornwall. Uther enters the castle, makes rough love to Igrayne and impregnates her as Cornwall breathes his last. Nine months later, Igrayne gives birth to a son. Upon seeing his son for the first time, Uther vows to become a peaceful king and secure his kingdom for his son. Merlin, who has not been seen since the night Cornwall died, appears and takes the child, as per their agreement. Igrayne is distraught and as Merlin disappears into the forest, Uther tries to stop him but is attacked by knights still loyal to Cornwall. Mortally wounded, Uther drives Excalibur into a stone, declaring no one will have the sword but him. Standing nearby, Merlin recites a spell that will keep the sword in the stone until Arthur is old enough to claim it. For the next sixteen years, no one is able to pull the sword from the stone. Annually a joust is held to see who will be able to try; if any man succeeds, he will be crowned king. Sir Ector (Clive Swift) brings his son, Kay (Niall O'Brien) and Kay's squire, Arthur (Nigel Terry). When Arthur forgets Kay's sword, he goes to the stone and draws Excalibur for Kay to use in the joust. Incredulous, the crowd sees that Arthur has removed the sword. Ector reveals that Arthur was brought to him as a baby by Merlin, who bid the man to raise Arthur and protect him. Many of the other knights refuse to recognize Arthur, who is not a knight, as their king. Only Leondegrance (Patrick Stewart) acknowledges Arthur as the rightful king. After a quick tutorial in the mystic arts, Merlin leads Arthur to Leondegrance's castle, which is besieged by the other knights. Arthur fights bravely but wins the day when he admits that he is not himself a knight and kneels to ask one of the rebel knights, Uryens (Keith Buckley) to remedy the situation. Uryens recognizes Uther Pendragon's courage flows through Arthur's veins and knights him. That night, Arthur begins his courtship of Guenevere (Cherie Lunghi), Leondegrance's daughter. Under Arthur, the kingdom is prosperous, the various fiefdoms are united, and many people flock to his gleaming castle, Camelot. The land's mightiest knights have joined Arthur's fellowship. These knights include Lancelot (Nicholas Clay), who had earlier taught Arthur an important lesson in humility. Lancelot, the best knight in the world, had defeated all of Arthur's knights; Arthur himself won only by calling on Excalibur's mystical powers. The sword shattered because Arthur had misused it. Recognizing his sin, Arthur repented and the Lady of the Lake returned Excalibur to Arthur, whole. Lancelot swore his allegiance to Arthur that day. However, he spends little time in Camelot because of his love for Guenevere. In order to maintain his and Guenevere's honor, Lancelot stays in self-imposed exile. Arthur marries Guenevere, establishes the Round Table and peace unites the kingdom. This fact is not lost on another of the castle's denizens, Morgana la Fey (Helen Mirren), Arthur's half-sister. As a child, she had watched Uther ravish Igrayne as her father (Cornwall) died. Now she hides a bitter plan to destroy Arthur and his kingdom. She goads Gawain (Liam Neeson) into accusing Guenevere and Lancelot of infidelity. He challenges the absent Lancelot to a joust. Lancelot's squire, Perceval (Paul Geoffrey), is knighted so he can joust in Lancelot's place but at the last minute Lancelot arrives and defeats Gawain. Then he collapses from a self-inflicted wound, incurred the night before as he wrestled with his unchaste desires for Guenevere in the forest. Merlin has grown tired from helping men forge their kingdoms and accepts that soon science and the Christian God will take the place of magic. Morgana rejects his conclusions and seduces Merlin into revealing all of his secrets, tricking him into reciting the ancient spell of "making", the very same spell Merlin had used to alter Uther's likeness to that of Cornwall. She learns the chant and uses it to imprison Merlin in his cave. Meanwhile, Guenevere has slipped into the forest to find Lancelot. They make love and fall asleep. In a scene that both Morgana and Merlin witness, Arthur finds them and, rather than kill them, drives Excalibur into the ground between them. When they awake, the two adulterers are driven apart by grief. That night, Morgana takes the guise of Guenevere, has sex with a delirious Arthur and begets a child by him. Without Excalibur and despondent over the treachery of his queen and best knight, Arthur is an ineffective king and the land suffers. Crops fail and pestilence spreads. Arthur sends his knights on a quest to find the Holy Grail, the cup Jesus used during the Last Supper; it will heal Arthur and the land. All of the knights search for the Grail for 10 years, and most of them die. Morgana has raised her and Arthur's son, Mordred (Charley Boorman), to hate Arthur. Together they lure Arthur's knights to their lair and hang the ones that cannot be entranced from a tree. Perceval is one of those knights. As he slowly strangles, he has a vision of the Grail. It asks him "What is the secret of the Grail? Who does it serve?" Perceval is too frightened to answer the question. However, the spurs on another hanged knight's armor gradually sever the rope hanging Perceval, and he escapes. In the countryside, Perceval encounters a group of disheveled peasants who appear to be conducting a funeral for a child. He recognizes Lancelot among them, barely recognizable with long hair, a beard and dressed in a monk's robes. Lancelot is now almost insane with disaffection over Camelot. Perceval begs Lancelot to return but instead they attack him. He barely escapes with his life but finds himself at the Grail Castle from his near-death vision. This time, Perceval understands the secret of the Grail: it is the faith that sustains Arthur, and through him the land flourishes. Perceval returns to Camelot with the Grail. Arthur drinks from it and regains his health and the land next to him blooms to life. He visits Guenevere, who retired to a convent after her infidelity. Arthur forgives her and asks her forgiveness. She returns Excalibur to him, having kept it with her through the years. Mordred has challenged Arthur to the throne and has built a massive army comprised primarily of Saxons. Morgana's enchantments protect him from any man-made weapon. They also keep her artificially youthful. On the night before the battle, Arthur prays for Merlin for help. As a wraith, Merlin appears in Morgana's tent and tricks her into undoing her spells and causing her to finally age, becoming an old hag. As she ages, smoke pours from her mouth, enough to cover the camp and the battleground. When Mordred finds his mother as an old crone he strangles her. The next morning, Arthur's forces, though vastly outnumbered, meet and vanquish Mordred's army at Camlann, having the advantage of the smoke let loose by Morgana. They are aided by the timely intervention of Lancelot, who singlehandedly kills many Saxons. Lancelot, however, succumbs to the wound he'd given himself in the forest when trying to requite his love for Guenevere, and collapses. A grateful Arthur forgives him and Lancelot dies, having found peace. Only Mordred himself remains. He impales Arthur on a spear and Arthur stabs him with Excalibur, killing him. Dying, Arthur commands Perceval to take Excalibur and throw it into the nearest body of still water. Perceval takes the sword to a nearby lake but is unable to follow the command; he returns to Arthur saying that Excalibur cannot be lost again. Arthur reassures his knight that the sword will be safe and will be presented to the next worthy king. Perceval returns to the lake and casts the sword in where it's caught by the Lady of the Lake and taken beneath the water. Perceval rides back to Camlann in time to see the Fates sailing away to Avalon with Arthur's body.
tt1129423
Drama,Fantasy,Romance
Captain Caleb Holt (Kirk Cameron) is a firefighter in Albany, Georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen, "Never leave your partner behind". But Caleb's home life is an altogether different story; his seven-year marriage to his wife Catherine (Erin Bethea) is on the verge of implosion. Neither one understands the pressures the other faces, and after a heated argument in which Caleb screams in Catherine's face, she declares she wants out of the marriage, and takes off her wedding ring. While Caleb claims to his friends and co-workers that Catherine is over-sensitive and disrespectful, Catherine simultaneously claims to her peers that Caleb is insensitive to her needs and doesn't listen to her. Further catalyzing Catherine's motivation for divorce is Caleb's addiction to Internet pornography and a large sum of money ($24,000, to be exact) he has saved up for a fishing boat he intends to buy, ignoring the fact that Catherine's disabled mother is in need of hospital equipment that she cannot afford, and which insurance refuses to cover. Caleb tells his father John about the impending divorce, and John challenges Caleb to commit to a 40-day test called, "The Love Dare." Caleb reluctantly agrees to do the test, but more for the sake of his father than his marriage. Catherine initially sees through Caleb's half-hearted attempts to win back her heart, which deepens Caleb's frustration. But with his father's encouragement, Caleb continues with The Love Dare, and eventually makes a life-changing commitment to God, unbeknownst to Catherine. Meanwhile, Catherine begins flirting with Dr. Gavin Keller (Perry Revell) at the hospital where she works. She begins to open up to him about some of her problems, chiefly her mother's need for the hospital equipment which she can't afford, but as she's no longer wearing her wedding ring, Keller doesn't know Catherine is married, at least not until Caleb is brought to the hospital later. Catherine comes up to Caleb in the emergency room as Keller is treating him, and a nurse says that Caleb is Catherine's husband. Through the guidance of The Love Dare, and as a result of his commitment to Christ, Caleb begins to understand what it means to truly love his wife. He begins pulling more of his own weight at home, doing household chores and running errands, and even leaving real roses for Catherine. Soon Caleb even finds the motivation to destroy his computer and everything on it, smashing it to pieces with a baseball bat. However, Catherine is still intent on filing for divorce, much to Caleb's anguish. When Catherine goes to the home care store to talk with a clerk about the unpaid equipment her mother needs, the clerk tells her that all the equipment has been paid for in full and is being installed at her mother's house. Convinced it was Dr. Keller that paid the $24,300 price, Catherine goes to Keller at the hospital to thank him and sets up a lunch date with him. Meanwhile, Caleb finds out about Dr. Keller through a card for Catherine that she left at home, so he goes to the hospital and warns Dr. Keller that, even with his mistakes, he will not step aside and let Keller have Catherine without a fight. The doctor gets the message and quickly cools the relationship with Catherine, and the viewer learns that Dr. Keller is married and hides his ring in a desk drawer. When Caleb finds Catherine at home sick in bed, he decides to take care of her, with food and medicine. Bewildered at his new bedside manner, Catherine asks Caleb what's happening to him. Caleb starts to tell Catherine about The Love Dare, and she pulls Caleb's book out from underneath the blanket next to her. Caleb tearfully apologizes for his selfish behavior and asks her forgiveness. While Catherine admits she sees some change in Caleb, she still cannot bring herself to trust him and believe he has changed. Caleb understands and gives her as much time as she needs to think things over. Days later, Catherine returns to the home care store to purchase linens for her mother's new hospital bed, mentioning to the clerk that linens were the only thing Dr. Keller didn't pay for. But when the clerk reveals to Catherine that it was Caleb two weeks prior who paid $24,000 (Keller contributed only $300), Catherine bursts into tears and leaves the store. Now fully convinced of Caleb's genuine change of heart, Catherine runs home crying to put her wedding ring back on her finger. After freshening up, she goes straight to the fire house to tell Caleb that she now forgives him, and the two lovingly embrace. (Also, in a deleted scene, Catherine discovers Gavin flirting with a nurse shortly after learning of Caleb's payment for the hospital bed.) Caleb's parents come to visit. While talking to his son, Caleb's father reveals that, contrary to what Caleb had believed, he did not do The Love Dare on his wife, she did it on him. This causes Caleb to recognize the impact his mother has had in his life, and rushes home to reconcile with her. Caleb and Catherine renew their vows in an outdoor ceremony, this time as a covenant with God.
tt1588170
Action,Crime,Drama
Kyung-chul is a dangerous psychopath who kills for pleasure. He has committed infernal serial murders in diabolic ways that one cannot even imagine and his victims range from young women to even children. The police have chased him for a long time, but were unable to catch him. One day, Joo-yeon, daughter of a retired police chief becomes his prey and is found dead in a horrific state. Her fiance Soo-Hyun, a top secret agent, decides to track down the murderer himself. He promises himself that he will do everything in his power to take bloody vengeance against the killer, even if it means that he must become a monster himself to get this monstrous and inhumane killer.
tt1216487
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Note: this is the sequel to The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. Lisbeth Salander (Noomi Repace) wakes up after having a violent dream about being raped by her guardian, Nils Bjurman (Peter Andersson) (from the previous movie). She is currently living in St. George in the Caribbean and then goes to a meeting with her accountant who discusses the inheritance Lisbeth received from her recently deceased mother after funeral costs and the purchase of a house in Stockholm. She hacks Bjurman's account and sees he has scheduled a doctors appointment. She flies home to Sweden. In Stockholm, a messenger working for an unnamed employer visits Bjurman looking for a police report on Lisbeth. He tells her he will make a copy of his files and tells the messenger that Lisbeth is still abroad. The messenger drives him home and tells Bjurman he will be in touch. Lisbeth is watching from the trees and prepares to break into his house. As he sleeps, Lisbeth goes to his desk and looks for something. She finds a gun in his desk and points it at him asking about the files. She tells him that as long as his reports say she's well behaved, she won't send their movie (of Bjurman raping her) to every newspaper in the country. She makes it clear that if she dies, the tape gets released. And if he tries to remove the tattoos she gave him for the rape, she will give him worse ones. Bjurman makes a deal: the DVD recording of the rape for files on her. Lisbeth goes to her new apartment and starts work on it. Meanwhile, reporter Mikael Blomkvist (Michael Nyqvist) is at meeting with a co-owner of Millenium and part time lover, Erika Berger (Lena Endre). She asks about Lisbeth but Blomkvist claims that he hasn't heard from her in over a year. He learns that a new journalist, named Dag Svensson, has been hired to write a piece on human sex trafficking. Dag's girlfriend, Mia, helps him come up with the subject through her work as a researcher on gender and criminology. Mia focuses on the girls and Dag focuses on customers. He has traced it to members of the government. He hasn't confronted the people the expose is on. Blomkvist warns him that they need to check facts and Dag assures him the documentation is water-proof. The editors are all in agreement and decide to take Dag on for two months. They are taking a risk but they all agree it's worth it. A man named Sandstrom is having sex with a woman tied to a bed. He walks out and finds himself surrounded by three men in leather jackets who have a job for him. Lisbeth visits her sometimes-girlfriend, Miriam 'Mimmi' Wu (whom was glimpsed briefly in the previous movie as the girl in bed with Lisbeth when Blomkvist met her for the first time). They talk and Lisbeth gives Mimmi her apartment to stay in. The two of them have lesbian sex. Afterwards Mimmi gives Lisbeth a birthday present: a silver plated cigarette case. A few days later, Dag meets up with Mia for coffee. She presents him with a published copy of her sex trafficking doctorate and he kisses her. He reads it and calls Blomkvist while he is at a family picnic with his sister. He wants to hold off publishing the story until he hunts down a lead named Zala that Mia refers to as Anton in her doctorate. Blomkvist doesnt want to incorporate new leads at the last minute but Dag offers to messenger the information to him. Blomkvist tells him he'll be right over and drives to meet him. When Blomkvist arrives he finds Dag and Mia dead. Both shot through the head. He calls the police and they find a weapon registered to Bjurman. The police go to his apartment and find the gun... along with Bjurman's body. The police find Lisbeth's fingerprints on the weapon and immediately make her suspect number one. Meanwhile, Lisbeth visits her former employer Dragan Armanskij at Merrin Security. He offers her a job but Lisbeth tells him that she's been travelling. She tells him that she doesn't know why she didn't say goodbye but Armanskij tells her that she doesn't really care about people at all. He tells her that Blomkvist has been calling the office and asking for her. Her former guardian, Holger Palmgren, has also been calling and Lisbeth is shocked to learn he is alive. Lisbeth visits Palmgren at the hospice where he is recovering and feeds him. He asks her how things are with the new guardian and she assures him that he's O.K. He tells her he feels like he has got old and silly. They joke around. The next day, Lisbeth sees the wanted posters of her and hides out in her new fancy apartment that nobody knows about, which she purchased with her stolen money (which she aquired in the Wennerstrm affair in the previous movie) and lists it under the shell corporation called Wasp Enterprises. She hacks into Blomkvist's computer and sends him a message to let him know that she is innocent. She urges him to find a man named 'Zala'. Blomkvist works to locate Lisbeth but only manages to find her former boxing trainer, Paulo. Lisbeth and Blomkvist track down their own leads to try and find Zala. As Blomkvist tracks down Dag's informants to confront them, Lisbeth hunts down Sandstrom at his house and threatens to kill him if he doesn't help her. He tells her that Zala makes sure all members are loyal and recounts a tale of how Niedermann and his men killed a man in front of him snapping his neck to teach Sandstrom a lesson. Lisbeth hears Sandstrom's daughter enter and leaves Sandstrom weeping with a noose around his neck. Paulo offers to pay Lisbeth's girlfriend and visit to help Blomkvist find Lisbeth. He goes to find Mimmi only to find her being strong armed into a car by a blonde thug named Niedermann. He follows Niedermann's car to the countryside and finds them in a barn. Niedermann is brutally beating Mimmi asking for Lisbeth's location. Paulo fights Niedermann to protect Mimmi. The two duke it out but Paulo's hits don't really do anything. Niedermann knocks Paulo out. Niedermann sets the barn on fire leaving the two to die. Paulo and Mimmi barely make it out alive. Lisbeth hears about Mimmi's attack and pays her a visit in the hospital. She apologizes to Mimmi and leaves but leaves her new apartment keys behind. Blomkvist visits Mimmi and she gives him the keys so that he can get into Lisbeth's apartment. Mimmi tells Blomkvist that the man who beat her was large and blonde, confirming a police sketch and then allows Blomkvist to leave. He goes straight to Lisbeth's apartment and sets off the alarm. Lisbeth remotely deactivates it and allows him to enter. Lisbeth watches Niedermann's post office box and sees who goes to collect the mail. She follows him to a small house in the rural village of Gossberga, several miles to the southwest of Stockholm. She prepares to sneak into the house, but is knocked out by Niedermann. Meanwhile, Blomkvist looks through Lisbeth's apartment but realizes she isn't there. He checks her laptop computer that she left behind and watches the video of Bjurman raping Lisbeth. He leaves the apartment and goes to the Millenium office where he meets up with Paulo. Paulo tells him about the fight with Niedermann and points out his conclusion: Niedermann is incapable of feeling pain. They research Niedermann and find out he works for a company owned by Karl Boden. They forward what they find to the police and go to find Lisbeth. When Lisbeth comes to, she is sitting on a sofa in front of a horribly disfigured old man. It is Zalachenko, Lisbeth's father. It is explained that Lisbeth set Zalachenko on fire when he beat her mother. He ridicules her rape at the hands of Bjurman and mocks Lisbeth's mother, calling her a common whore. Bjurman wanted to kill Lisbeth but he also knew some of Zalachenko's secrets, so he had Bjurman killed and Lisbeth framed for the murder as well as the two other killings of Dag and Mia. Since he's nothing but a poor old invalid, no one will prosecute him for the crimes committed. He then reveals that Niedermann is Lisbeth's half brother from a tryst he had with a Swedish woman while hiding out in netural Sweden after World War II. Niedermann and Zalachenko take her to a shallow grave. She tells him that the police will be on their way and that everything he said in the last hour has been published online. He takes her cell phone and looks at it and calls it a bluff. Lisbeth throws dirt in Niedermann's eyes and hits his gun hand with the shovel before running away. Zalachenko shoots Lisebeth in her right leg, then her right shoulder, and in the head as she runs away and then orders Niedermann to bury Lisbeth who is probally dead. They return to the house after burying her. The next morning, Blomkvist is looking at a map on the side of the road and changes course, realizing he is going the wrong way. Meanwhile, at the farm, Lisbeth (despite being critcially wounded with a bullet in her head) digs her way out of her own grave using the silver cigarette case Mimmi gave her. Zalachenko picks up a gun when he hears a noise outside and goes to see what is going on in his barn. He finds the door open and looks around for the source. As he looks around he is hit in the side of the head with an axe, splitting his skull. Lisbeth than rams the axe into his leg. Niedermann hears his father's screams and goes to find him. He sees his father with an axe in his leg and then sees Lisbeth with Zalachenko's gun in her hand. Niedermann turns and runs as Lisbeth shoots at him, missing each time. Blomkvist pulls into the house and sees Niedermann leaving the scene. Blomkvist runs to the bloodied Lisbeth who crawls out of the barn and collapses. He caresses the wound on her head and tells her that he's here for her. She passes out from blood loss. Police arrive at the scene as do ambulances. A helicopter arrives to med-evac Lisbeth and Zalachenko to the hospital. Blomkvist watches as she is taken away. The helicopter flies the injured away from the farm house.
tt0101410
Comedy,Drama,Thriller
Barton Fink (John Turturro) is a playwright who while he's just released his first play on Broadway garnering good reviews, he doubts his own talent. He gets called to Hollywood to write screenplays, and accepts. He checks in at the Earle, a huge hotel with an eerie atmosphere where Chet (Steve Buscemi), the receptionist and manager, welcomes him and gives him his key. At the Earle, everything seems to disturb Fink: First it's the noise of the neighbouring guest. Then there's the picture of a woman at the beach in his room, and he seems to hear the sound of crashing waves. To add to his disquiet, Fink is blocked, and cannot get past the first few sentences of his work. He takes to correcting the peeling wallpaper, which is constantly falling off because of the heat. A mosquito bites him, which his future boss will notice in his job interview. Fink also complains about the laughter and crazy cries of a male's voice. Jack Lipnick (Michael Lerner), the boss of Universal Pictures, refuses to define his movies as b-movies. He's loud and pushy, and his timid secretary, Garland Standord (David Warrilow) used to be a big shot but now he's basically a butler to a crazy boss  la Miranda Priestly in The Devil Wears Prada. Lipnick decides that Fink is going to write a film about boxing starring Wallace Beery, but Fink seems paralyzed in the face of his situation. Nevertheless, the Universal deal is all set, and Fink sets out to write. He asks for help from Ben Geisler (Tony Shalhoub), who calls Universal and tells them to offer some images of another movie -- still on the montage board -- to inspire Fink, but it doesn't work. Back at the hotel, the wallpaper is peeling off and the heat is overwhelming. The noisy neighbour Fink complained about, insurance salesman Charlie Meadows (John Goodman), apologizes for the noise, adding that he's quite successful at his work. He advises Fink to look for inspiration to any of the many successful writers residing in Hollywood. There is a weird mishap with their shoes, which are switched after they'd left them outside their rooms. They exchange shoes again. Fink talks to W. P. Mayhew (John Mahoney) -- a writer with a serious aim in mind whom he admires -- who tells Fink that he has been offered every kind of film possible. Mayhew drinks a lot, and invites Fink over. When Fink passes Mayhew's secretary and personal assistant Audrey Taylor (Judy Davis), she tells him to call on Mayhew some other time, as Mayhew is completely drunk, demanding to know where his honey is, and will probably become quite violent. Meadows tells Fink that he's had a terrible day at work, and that he's going to be moving back and forth to and from New York. Fink gives him the address of some relatives of his to visit. As Fink's block continues, he is faced with the fact that he needs to present a first draft the next morning. Unable to write, he calls Audrey in desperation to ask her whether she found an old script of Mayhew's about boxing. Even though he can hear Mayhew rambling on the background, he insists that she call on him. She does, eventually, and they end having sex in Fink's suffocating room. The next morning, Barton wakes to the buzz of the mosquito. When he smashes it against Audrey's skin, he notices more blood than usual: Audrey is dead, and a huge bloodstain spreads on the mattress. Fink panics and asks for help from Meadows, who tells him that he'll take care of everything and that Fink should go to his meeting with Lipnick. Geisler is panicking now, because he doesn't want to have his head cut off if Fink doesn't perform. While Fink knows that he's written nothing so far, he tells Lipnick that he doesn't usually show anything to anybody until he's finished. When Stanford says that Fink is unacceptable, Lipnick tells Stanford to kiss Fink's feet to ask for his forgiveness. When Fink returns to the Earle, it is empty. Charlie says that he's leaving for New York and leaves all his most prized possessions in a box in Fink's hands. Two detectives, Mastrionotti (Richard Portnow) and Deutsch (Christopher Murney) appear asking for Charlie Meadows, whose nickname is Mad Mutt, a psychopath who cuts his victims' heads off. Fink gives them useless data, so they're are really angry with him and leave their card with him. Fink has been talking to the detectives at the entrance of the Earle. He comes back to his room, watches the blood-stained matress, shakes the box to hear the sound of the cut-off head, and suddenly has a burst of inspiration and sets out to write like a maniac, keeping the box unopened on his desk. He writes the entire screenplay of a boxing film and gives it to Lipnick, goes out dancing to celebrate, and gets into a fight with a sailor over his girl. Mayhem ensues and Army and Navy soldiers fight. When Fink comes back to his hotel room, he finds that the detectives are already in and have seen the bloodstain. They ask where the heads of the victims are, but Fink says he doesn't know. They handcuff Fink to the bed because they believe that Charlie is coming back. At that moment, Charlie appears. There is smoke rising from the elevator, and soon everything is burning down. Charlie shoots, killing one of the detectives and wounding the other. He tells Fink that he couldn't stand his complaining about him and that Fink has been a voyeur to the seedy side of life while Charlie lives it all the time. Charlie releases Fink from the cuffs and enters his own room while the hotel burns down. Fink meets Lipnick, who's dressed as a colonel as he's been put on reserves because of the war, and who says that the script is rubbish: he doesn't want any of the psychotrash Fink has written; he just wants just one or two brushstrokes so that the critics give the film good reviews, but ultimately all he wanted was a b-film without much originality but with many long fights. He tells Fink that he's not really special or talented, and that the studio has hundreds of writers on contract that will give its films the Barton Fink touch: a slice of middle-class life. Lipnick tells Fink that he wants Fink to stay in Hollywood. While Fink is forced by contract to give everything he writes to Universal, nothing he'll write will ever see the light of day. He doesn't even try to fight the situation. At the end, Fink is walking along the beach. He meets a girl. She sits and then looks out toward the water, looking exactly like the picture in Fink's hotel room as the credits roll.
tt0150377
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Libby Parsons seems to have it all. Her husband, Nick, is devoted to her and their four-year-old son Matty. The family live in a beautiful home on the Pacific Northwest waterfront. When Nick scores yet another business triumph, he proposed buying Libby a sailboat to celebrate. Leaving Matty with their friend Angie, who is a teacher at Matty's preschool, the couple set sail for a romantic weekend. Libby wakes up and finds she is covered in blood and Nick is gone. Dizzy and disoriented, she follows a trail of blood to the upper deck. Nick is not there but Libby sees a bloody knife and picks it up. The lights of a Coast Guard boat flash and a voice orders Libby to drop the knife. It turns out a mayday was received from the Parsons' yacht where Nick advises them he has been stabbed. Tests reveal that the blood found on the yacht was the same type as Nick's. It is presumed that the couple had an argument and Libby attacked Nick. He managed to send a mayday alert before falling or being pushed overboard. Despite the fact that no body is found, Libby is charged with murder. No one believes her story, not even the sheriff who is a family friend. Frantic over what will happen to Matty if she is found guilty, Libby signs over custody to Angie. Nick had a $2 million life insurance policy -- which police believe was the motive for his murder -- and Libby has the money put in Matty's name. The jury finds Libby guilty. She is taken to a women's prison several hours away. At first Angie regularly brings Matty to visit. When they stop coming, Libby telephones Angie but the number is disconnected. She is inconsolable until a fellow prisoner tells her to use her brain. It is not that easy to disappear and Angie must have left a forwarding address with someone. Libby calls the preschool pretending to be Angie and says she hasn't received her final paycheck. She asks to confirm the forwarding address and phone number, and the secretary provides the information. Angie and Matty are in San Francisco. Angie answers the phone and Libby angrily confronts her. Obviously startled that Libby has managed to track her down, Angie stammers that she was intending to bring Matty for a visit. Libby spends a few minutes talking to her son. Suddenly Nick, alive and well, enters the room. Matty shouts "Daddy!" while Angie tries to shush him. Nick yanks the phone away and hangs up, but Libby hears enough to realize what has happened. Nick staged his own murder so he could disappear because of his business financial issues and he set Libby up to take the blame for his murder while he relocated with Angie and his son. Libby contacts her lawyer, the sheriff, and the insurance company but no one believes her that Nick is alive. Libby finds the San Francisco phone number to be no longer in service. A fellow prisoner, who was once a lawyer before killing her husband, comes to her aid. Libby is informed that she can't be tried twice for the same crime. It is called double jeopardy. Once she is paroled, Libby can track Nick down, kill him, and get away with it. Libby's hatred of Nick fuels her and she begins exercising vigorously to strengthen her body. After 6 years, she is eligible for parole. Her friend warns her that in order to be released, she must admit to killing Nick and show great remorse to the parole board. It works and Libby is sent to a halfway house for three years. Upon arrival, she is apprised of the rules by the home's director, an embittered ex-lawyer named Travis. Curfew, finding employment, not associating with criminals, no drugs or alcohol. Any violation of these rules and she will be returned to prison to serve out her sentence. But Libby's only goal is to find Nick and her son and she has no intention of waiting three years. Instead of looking for a job, she goes to the preschool that once employed Angie. The school's director is sympathetic but refuses to tell her where Angie is now living. She reminds Libby that Matty has been with Angie for several years now and there is no need to disrupt his life. That night, Libby returns to the preschool and breaks in. The police arrive as she locates Angie's file and takes a page of information. She escapes by running down the beach but is eventually caught and taken to the local jail. Travis arrives the next morning to escort her back to prison. He is disgusted that she deliberately violated parole. The scrap of paper with Angie's address is in his possession. He drives them onto the ferry and handcuffs Libby's wrist to the outside door handle of his classic car. When he goes topside for a cup of coffee, to which he adds whiskey from a flask, Libby seizes her chance. Travis left the keys in the car and Libby manages to start it. Then she drives it back and forth, trying to smash the handcuffs and door handle against a post. The car in front of her is bumped and rolls off the boat into the ocean. Travis realizes what is going on and races to the lower level. Libby manages to lock the driver's door and Travis breaks the window and climbs in as she drives the car overboard. An alarm is sounded on the very and life preservers are tossed in the water. Underwater, Travis manages to unlock Libby's handcuff and she grabs his pistol. He tries to retrieve it and she hits him on the head before swimming away. His wound requires stitches. When he tells his boss what happened, he is reprimanded for letting a prisoner escape with his gun. Having the address to where Libby is likely headed, he sets off after her. Libby hitches a rides to her mother's farm. After receiving some hidden money from her mother she purchases an old green pickup truck and sets off. Travis sets out to follow and capture Libby without authorization. Libby goes to a BMW car dealership and pretends she is Angie. The car salesman does a credit check using Angie's social security number and Libby is asked to confirm her address in Evergreen Colorado and the salesman says her record shows her last name is Ryder and not Green. Travis coerces a former parolee who is now a government employee to search Angela Green's social security number to get her address. She has no trouble finding the address but Nick and Angie are not there. Another family owns the house. As a despondent Libby turns to leave, an old lady working in the yard next door tells her what happened to Nick and Angie, who she knew by different names. Several years earlier there was a gas explosion in the kitchen and Angie was killed. Nick and Matty moved away but the old lady doesn't know where. Libby goes to the public library and finds a newspaper account of the fire on microfiche. Apparently it was accidental, although Libby thinks that Nick murdered. In the newspaper picture of Angie taken at her home, Libby sees a Kandinsky painting in the background. Nick had a collection of these rare paintings and Libby thinks this might be a way to trace him. She drives to an art gallery and poses as a Kandinsky collector. The gallery employee looks on the internet and finds a painting recently sold by a Jonathan Devereaux of New Orleans. Libby recognizes the painting and is sure the seller is really Nick. Then Travis has spotted the pickup and enters the gallery. He was given a description of her truck by the elderly neighbor. While the employee excuses himself and goes to see what Travis wants, Libby finds Jonathan's address. She runs out the back door and escapes, smashing her truck into Travis's car that he used to block her vehicle. He gives chase on foot, but she eludes him. Later, she ditches the truck and gets on a plane to New Orleans. Travis checks the website at the gallery and knows where she is headed. Jonathan Devereaux is a well-respected hotel owner in New Orleans. Libby inquires for him at the desk but he is not there but is expected that night for a Bachelor's auction. When she asks about Matty, the receptionist becomes wary and refuses to provide any information. At another high end hotel Libby overhears an elderly female guest give her name and gets her room number. Libby uses the name and room number to purchase a designer evening gown and accessories from the hotel shop. She intends to be at the Bachelor's Auction that night to confront Jonathan. Travis arrives in New Orleans and checks in with the local police. They aren't much interested in the escaped parolee but agree to issue a be-on-the-lookout alert for Libby, complete with photo, once Travis explains she is out to kill a prominent local citizen with his stolen gun.. Since it is Mardi Gras, the crowds are heavy and finding her won't be easy. Libby attends the auction and bids on Jonathan. Nick is startled to hear her voice but cannot find her in the crowd. Another woman bids on him too but Libby keeps raising the bid and wins. She walks up to her husband and calls him Nick. He is eager to find out what she wants before she exposes him. Libby tells several of Johnathan's female friends that she is his wife and Shawn she asks him about Angie the women depart. When she asks why he did all that to her, he said he had been on the verge of bankruptcy and thought if he faked his death, the life insurance money would take care of her and Matty. He never dreamed she would be found guilty. Nick claims Angies's death was an accident but Libby is not buying it. Libby agrees to leave him alone if he will give her Matty. Jonathan says he is away at school. Libby says she will call the next day and he had better have the boy there Later that evening, Travis arrives at Nick's hotel. Jonathan swears he has no idea who this crazy woman is, pretending to be his wife. Travis warns him that she has a gun. Travis is not impressed with Jonathan and wonders if Libby's story could possibly be true. Travis spots some of the Kazinsky paintings on the wall. He contacts his office in Washington to get copies of Nick's driver license picture. earlier Libby is recognized by the owner of a bar where she is eating from a police bulletin picture. He warns her to watch out for the police, who have entered the bar. Since it is pouring rain, he loans her a red umbrella. Libby disappears into the crowds but not fast enough. Travis, who is riding in a patrol car, spots her. He gives chase and grabs the wrong woman. Once again Libby escapes. Libby calls Jonathan while he is speaking to Travis and tells him to bring Matty to a popular nearby cemetery the next day. It is a public place in case Jonathan tries anything. A funeral is taking place when they meet. Libby asks where Matty is and Jonathan points to a young boy some distance off. He says Matty is shy about seeing her again. Libby starts toward the boy and he runs away. She calls his name and chases him. Suddenly Jonathan steps out from behind a mausoleum and hits Libby on the head. He drags her into the mausoleum and puts her inside a coffin. The boy is waiting outside and Jonathan hands him some money. Obviously he is not Matty. Satisfied that his wife will trouble him no longer, Jonathan returns to his hotel. Travis pays him another visit and once again Jonathan insists that he knows nothing about a woman named Libby Parsons. Although he is now very suspicious, Travis has no choice but to leave. Libby awakes inside the coffin and screams when she sees a mummified body lying next to her. But there is no one to hear. The funeral is over and the cemetery is deserted. She remembers the gun and shoots the two hinges off. By pushing on the lid she manages to free herself. But she is still locked inside the mausoleum. She escapes by throwing a vase of dead flowers through the stained glass window. On her way back to the hotel, she comes face to face with Travis. Realizing that she can't get away this time, she bursts into tears and Travis tells her it is over and embraces her. Jonathan is less than welcoming when Travis returns to his office. Travis explains he asked the Department of Motor Vehicles in the state of Washington to fax him copies of Nicholas Parsons' driver license. Travis shoes him a picture of another man and then reveals that there were several Nicholas Parsons, six in fact, and that the third one was a picture of the man now known as Jonathan Devereaux. Jonathan tries to bluff and says it isn't a crime to change one's name. But there is the matter of insurance fraud. Travis pretends to start to call the police and then pretends to reconsider and asks for one million dollars to keep quiet. Jonathan doesn't have that kind of money on hand but offers Travis the hundred thousand he has in the safe in cash and the rest tomorrow. Johnathan explains that the problem with Libby is buried. Suddenly Libby bursts into the room, gun drawn. Jonathan reminds her that Louisiana is a death penalty state. Libby explains to him what she understands double jeopardy to mean and Travis backs her up. But all she wants is Matty. Jonathan says he is at St. Alban's school in Georgia. Libby shoots a hole in one of Nick's paintings. Travis and Libby threaten to frame Johnathan for Libby's murder. As Travis and Libby go to leave Jonathan draws his own gun and shoots Travis. A brief scuffle ensures and in the end Jonathan/Nick is shot by Libby. As Travis is treated by paramedics, the police chief says that Mrs. Parsons has inherited herself a hotel. Libby doesn't want it and prepares to take off. But Travis stops her. She is still wanted by the police and must return to Seattle but he will testify on her behalf to get a full pardon. Since he had secretly recorded the conversation with Jonathan on his cell phone, which positively identified Jonathan as Nick Parsons, the charges against Libby will be cleared. Libby and Travis travel together to St. Alban's school. Travis has been fired from his job as a parole officer. Libby and Matty are at last reunited. Matty explains that his father and Angie had told him his mother was dead.
tt0093693
Comedy,Romance
The initial scenes establish that Joanna Stayton (Goldie Hawn), is a spoiled brat who always gets her way, the ultimate rich bitch, and the pampered wife of pretentious socialite Grant Stayton III (Edward Herrmann). Using Roman numerals after your name is Hollywood shorthand for "pretentious snob", and Grant is that, and self centered to boot, however, Joanna is far worse. She is not only snobbish but also idle, pampered, sharp-tongued, impossible to please and unfailingly rude to anyone she considers her social inferior, which is virtually all of the human race. To describe Joanna as unsympathetic is a huge understatement, a better description would be "prize bitch". When Grant's luxury yacht develops engine trouble, Grant is forced to put into the small Oregon coastal town of Elk Snout for repairs. While the huge yacht is in port, Joanna hires Dean Proffitt (Kurt Russell), a poor carpenter who has just moved to Oregon, to build better shoe storage for her closet in the yacht. Dean is a skilled craftsman, rather picky about what he uses, such as the wood that should be used to protect the leather from salt spray in a ship. Joanna is also not impressed by his taking so long, as he designed intricate shelves that confuse and annoy her. An early funny scene in the movie has Joanna lecturing Andrew the butler ( Roddy McDowall), on why the caviar he had just delivered her was no good, while Dean, standing in the background, has his tape measure pointing suggestively skyward. When the work is complete she refuses to pay him in a dispute over the quality of his workmanship, claiming that the closet is not up to her standards. In the ensuing argument Joanna loses her temper, pushes Dean overboard and throws his tools after him. The yacht crew has long ago gotten used to keep quiet and accept the guff from Joanna and Grant, despite that they have been treated like dirt, particularly family butler Andrew. After a typically stormy dinner that night, Joanna drops her wedding ring behind a seat on the deck. In reaching for it she loses her balance and falls overboard. A garbage boat rescues her but there is a problem: she is suffering from amnesia and cannot remember anything of her former identity. This we learn as Joanna is interviewed as she is wheeled into a psychiatric hospital. The following morning Grant returns to port, and finds Joanna is safe in a hospital but she has lost her memory, while her personality remains as nasty as ever. Grant, who is weary of Joanna, pretends that he does not recognize her, seeing his chance to be rid of her and to lead a playboy bachelor lifestyle on the yacht. When news of the unidentified amnesiac is televised throughout the city, a still angry Dean recognizes her picture and believes his opportunity for revenge has come. In a stroke of retributive genius, Dean shows up at the hospital audaciously posing as her husband and identifies Joanna as his wife "Annie". He tells her that she's his wife and the mother of his four unruly boys. His motive is not only payback for the way in which Joanna treated him but also his need for someone to do all the housework, as Dean is skilled as a craftsman but less accomplished in parenting and housekeeping. He is a widower with four young sons and finds it difficult to cope. The kids have missed a woman's touch in their home for nearly five years since their Mom died. Since the death of their mother his attitude towards his children and his household has been one of benign neglect. The boys have become undisciplined and badly behaved and the house looks like a war zone. Dean's intention is to get compensation for his unpaid work from Joanna being the household maid for a while. He figures on crediting her for 25 dollars a day. He assumes she'll be good for cleaning up around the house and looking after his four sons. The sons agree to the hoax, so Dean brings Joanna into his highly unkempt home and gets her to do all the chores. Although Joanna cannot recall her previous life with Grant, she is not convinced that she really is Dean's wife, especially as she turns out to be totally unskilled at cleaning and cooking. There isnt any sexual attraction on either side, so she sleeps on the couch in the living room and he keeps his bed. She asks Dean questions like where did we meet, what jobs did I have, and his answers are pretty low class redneck, so the muses to herself, I was a short, fat, slut? Whatever her questions, Dean manages a cover up with some silly story. When she gets curious about why there arent any pictures of her anywhere, Dean arranges for one of his buddies to modify Deans original wedding pictures by inserting Joannas face replacing his first wife. Later on, when Joanna discovers that she is fluent in French, Dean has to make up a tall tale to explain why. Joanna, finally believing she is Annie, struggles to become a good housewife and mother. She accepts her role as the woman of the house. Gradually, however, she gets used to her situation, she gets good at it, Dean even begins to fall in love, as Joanna's hidden talents come out. While overwhelmed at first by having to do unfamiliar work, including cooking, while struggling to remember this family, Joanna slowly works things out. Joanna brings some discipline back into the lives of father and sons. She is able to moderate the wild, "bachelor's hall" lifestyle that Dean has set up for himself and his sons. The boys accept a curtailment of their freedom, which at first they resent but slowly appreciate. A breakthrough with the kids comes when she sticks up for them against a bullying school teacher. A breakthrough with Dean comes when she finds he is earning extra money at a menial moonlighting job on a night that he says he goes out bowling with the guys. Joanna gradually comes to appreciate Dean's good qualities and to sympathize with little people she had previously dismissed as worthless. Dean finds he's got a dilemma to solve, as he too begins to appreciate her. He first feels he truly cares for her when she gets a poison ivy rash and he does everything a loving husband would do to make his wife feel better. She is crucial help to him in landing a construction job for a miniature golf park, she suggests a theme of famous world landmarks, and prepares sketches that sell the concept to the investors. He's missed having a female companion with intelligence. He decides to tell her the truth, but he doesnt get his confession out fast enough, she jumps the gun to tell him she knows the secret. So once again he lies, he apologizes for forgetting her birthday instead, and takes her out on a fun birthday date with lots of music and singing. As they come back home that night, Joanna realizes she is truly happy with him, and they have their first passionate all night encounter as part of the birthday celebration. Of course the situation remains tricky, since it is endangered if Joanna recovers her memories. Meantime, Joannas mother (Catherine Helmond) has been hounding Grant on why she has not heard in weeks from her daughter, makes credible threats, and flies out to stay at the yacht. So Grant, who left her at the hospital originally, is pressured by his mother in law to retrieve her. Grant finds her easily, drives in his limousine to the house she shares with Dean, and waits. Joanna comes towards house, sees Grant, and her memory functions well enough that she says, Hi, Grant. With that trigger, her memories rapidly return to her and she leaves Dean to rejoin Grant and her old life of material privilege on the yacht. However, Joanna is no longer the woman she once was and she misses Dean and the children. She hates the wealthy snobbishness represented by Grant, her own mother, and the psychiatrist. Her mother (Kathleen Helmond) is constantly using the advice of a fashionable psychiatrist (Henry Alan Miller) on how to treat her daughter. She asks for beer when she is offered champagne, and she spends time in conversations with the cook, the crew, and the butler. The film is clearly intended as a satire on the ways of the ultra-rich. There is a sharp contrast between Joanna's idle, pointless existence before her transformation and her fulfilling, useful life as a blue collar housewife after it. Soon after the yacht departs Elk Snout, Joanna finds out that Grant knew where she was all along, and had abandoned her in the hospital. Furious, she commands the skipper to reverse course and return towards Elk Snout. Meantime, Dean and his kids are unhappy at doing nothing to get her back, and decide together to give it their all in one last grand effort. They pull some favors from buddies and get a Coast Guard boat to chase after the yacht, as long as there isnt any actual call for the Coast Guard boat to chase anyone else. As the two vessels approach each other, the Coast Guard receives an emergency call, and Grant on his yacht fights for control of the bridge, overpowering both the skipper and the butler, and the boats start to veer away from each other. Dean jumps off the ship, Joanna jumps off hers, and naval protocol requires both ships to circle back to pick up the men overboard. Needless to say, there are hugs and kisses and reunions all around. Joanna leaves Grant, and begins a happy life with Dean and the boys, only now on her yacht, instead of Dean's shack. In the last scene, Christmas lists are being prepared. One of the boys asks how does one spell Porsche. Dean asks, What can I give you? You already have everything!. Her answer is You could give me a little girl.
tt0107616
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Don Pedro, prince of Medina (Denzel Washington), his resentful brother Don John (Keanu Reeves), and his noblemen Claudio (Robert Sean Leonard) and Benedick (screenwriter/director Kenneth Branagh) return from war, ready for merriment and love. Claudio loves Hero (Kate Beckinsale), the young daughter of the nobleman Leonato (Richard Briers), but Benedick hates Beatrice (Emma Thompson), Leonato's beautiful, witty, but sharp-tongued niece, who hates him back. Claudio and Hero are soon engaged; as they prepare for their wedding, they decide, with the help of Don Pedro, to trick Benedick and Beatrice into confessing their true love for each other. The plan works without a hitch, but trouble comes in the form of Don John, who is jealous of his brother's power and of his affection for Claudio. Don John devises a scheme where one of his lieutenants will make love to Hero's maid Margaret (Imelda Staunton) at Hero's window the night before the wedding--and call her Hero. Don John takes Don Pedro and Claudio to Leonato's house, where they see the encounter and are convinced the woman is Hero. The next day Claudio disgraces Hero publicly at the wedding and refuses to marry her. She faints and Leonato is persuaded to pretend that she is dead until the situation is sorted out. The foolish warden Dogberry (Michael Keaton) manages to arrest Don John's lieutenants and they confess to the plot. Claudio is crushed when he learns that he killed Hero with his false accusations. He begs Leonato to punish him and Leonato tells him his punishment is to marry his (other) niece, who closely resembles Hero. Claudio agrees but first spends a night mourning for Hero and proclaiming her innocence. Don John escapes Medina. The next morning Claudio marries the supposed niece, who removes her veil to reveal that she is Hero. They are very happy but Benedick and Beatrice almost break up when they discover they were tricked into admitting their love. In the end, Don John is arrested and brought back to face punishment, Benedick and Beatrice marry, and all dance around Leonato's garden singing "Noddy noddy."
tt1068641
Crime,Drama,Romance
The past and the present have a curious way of effecting one another as several people seperated by time and space are about to discover -- Mariana, a 16-year-old girl trying to put together the shattered lives of her parents in a Mexican border town; Sylvia, a woman in Portland who must undertake an emotional odyssey to burnish a sin from her past; Gina and Nick, a couple who must deal with an intense and clandestine affair; and Maria, a young girl who helps her parents find redemption, forgiveness and love. The five will discover that their actions may mean the difference between life and death as well as their own journeys into seeking redemption...and whether or not they will ever find it. I thought it seemed obvious that the teenage girl who blew up her mother in the trailer was the same person as the older woman, years later, and that the young girl was the baby she abandoned and didn't want to give birth to. The injured pilot/father was the same as the young Hispanic boy she fell in love with, then left. They are not five characters, or "several people," but are all in the same family. The "burning plain" refers to the mysterious image that starts the movie and is explicated and given emotional resonance by the flashback/flash forward technique that the film depends on, and uses quite successfully. - P Wiener
tt1343097
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Picking up immediately after the events in the previous movie 'The Girl Who Played With Fire', Lisbeth Salander (Noomi Rapace) is airlifted to a hospital in Gothenburg. Surgeons remove the bullets from her shoulder, hip, and head, where her father, Alexander Zalachenko, shot her. In the hospital, she meets Dr. Jonasson (Aksel Morisse), who cares for her throughout her stay, preventing anyone except her lawyer from visiting. Niederman (Micke Spreitz) is now a fugitive, wanted for killing two police officers after escaping in the previous movie. In Stockholm, a man named Evert Gullberg (Hans Alfredson) meets with his former colleague of 35 years, Fredrik Clinton (Lennart Hjulstrm); the two decide that they must silence Zalachenko and Lisbeth. Zalachenko (Georgi Staykov) is still alive, in a hospital room down the hall from Lisbeth. He is met by a member of the "Section", a group within the Secret Police (abbreviated as Spo), to decide how to conceal his existence. Zalachenko puts all the blame on Niederman, and threatens that if he were to be convicted, he would spill everything to the police and media. Mikael Blomkvist (Michael Nyqvist) asks his sister, Annika (Annika Hallin), to be Lisbeth's lawyer, as she is accused of attempted murder as well as the three murders of Nils Bjurman, and Dag and Mia in the previous movie that she was never cleared of. Gullberg arrives at the hospital at the same time as Annika, passing right by her. He then tells Zalachenko that they will not help him, before shooting him in the head. Annika saves Lisbeth by barricading the door to Lisbeth's room, preventing Evert from killing her too, and he shoots himself. Afterward, police are soon put outside Lisbeth's room, and Fredrik visits the Section headquarters to confirm that Evert shot Zalachenko, stating that he had chosen to do a final job because he was dying of liver cancer. Fredrik visits Dr. Peter Teleborian (Anders Ahlbom), and explains his plan to punish her for trying to kill Zalachenko by having her committed to St. Stephen's mental hospital again. Teleborian tries to meet with Lisbeth to conduct a psychological evaluation, but Dr. Jonasson denies him entry and insists he make the necessary official requests. Mikael and Annika lose both copies of the Bjrck investigation files, files needed to prove that Lisbeth was in fact being punished by corrupt men of law, as they were stolen under orders from Fredrik. Mikael then calls Milton Security in desperation. Meanwhile, a representative from the Section speaks to the goverment prosecutor, Ekstrm, stating that if Zalachenko's secrets were to come out during Lisbeth's murder trial, relations with foreign countries and Spo's secret contacts would be ruined, and that there are many useful background facts about the case, including her previously attempted patricide, that would help convict her. The Millennium team work to find out more about the Section, but find it difficult since many of the politicians and Spo workers would have leaked information about it in their autobiographies. Mikael then decides to uncover more information on Gullberg to find out more about the Section. Mikael tells Dr. Jonasson the conspiracy against Lisbeth. He finds it unlikely, but Mikael assures Jonasson that it is true. Mikael then convinces him to sneak in her internet phone into the hospital. Upon receiving her phone, Lisbeth immediately contacts her hacker friend Plague to see if he can find information on Teleborian, and then tells Mikael that Annika has permission to use a video of Nils Bjurman her former guardian and one of the people she is accused of murdering raping her. At the office the next day, Christer finds out that Gullberg and a man named Hans von Rotting visited the Prime Minister in 1976. Mikael decides to visit one of the secretaries, Bang Janeryd, and shows him the files. He says he had no idea what Zalachenko was doing, and that he wants nothing to do with the trial. Mikael forces him to either have his involvement revealed or tell Mikael what he knows and become a confidential source. He confirms that Gullberg and Rotting had visited the Prime Minister, as well as Fredrik Clinton. He tells Mikael that Zalachenko had cooperated with them and gave them invaluable information, and that everything was to be top secret at the time. Plague contacts Lisbeth, and tells her that he did not find anything on Teleborian's work computer. She then suggests that he hack into his personal computer. He will do it, regardless of the difficulty. Later, a woman named Monica Figuerola of the police asks Mikael to meet with her and her boss Torsten Edklinth. They say that there is in fact an underground crime group that is involved with the government, and that Torsten's meeting with the Prime Minister resulted in a full investigation. They also inform Mikael that they need time to identify those involved, and that he must print the magazine after the investigation is over, because if not, it will be put in jeopardy. They are also aware of the torture Lisbeth was subjected to. Mikael then gives them a few of the names of those involved. While still in the hospital, Lisbeth starts working on an autobiography to tell her life story to Mikael. She continues to have nightmares of memories about her time at St. Stephen's, her father and half-brother, and of her rape by Bjurman. When she wakes up, Niederman is outside of her window, and aims at her with a gun, but she moves out of his view before he shoots. Mikael continues his story, and then follows Teleborian, with Christer's help. They also follow the Section member he is meeting with, which leads to a flat that Fredrik Clinton had been to four hours before. Lisbeth finishes her autobiography and sends it to Mikael, and Jonasson informs Lisbeth she can stay no longer and she will be taken away in a couple of days. Dr. Jonasson is surprised that she is not worried about the trial. Mikael finishes his story as well. Another day or two later, Lisbeth is transfered out of the hospital and to a prison in Stockholm to await her murder trial. Sonny, the motorcycle gang member from the previous film, is informed that he was searched by the police, but found clean, and that his friend had sent Niederman to hide out in his home. There, he finds his brother dead and his girlfriend tied, gagged, and apparently assaulted. She tells him that Niederman was the culprit, and Sonny vows revenge. Fredrik, in dialysis, is given a copy of Lisbeth's autobiography, and is told that none of it can be proven. Meanwhile, Erika has been receiving anonymous, violently pornographic hate mail, which causes an uproar in the office. In prison, Lisbeth is interrogated by the prosecutor, and says nothing. Annika is given Lisbeth's computer and the DVD of her rape, which she watches. Niederman breaks into an abandoned warehouse, and kills a witness, a random biker. Erika has been receiving more hate mail, as she and the whole office is being spied on by the Section. Dr. Teleborian meets with Lisbeth, and again remains silent. Erika's bedroom window has been smashed, and she, in desperation, has called Milton Security. Mikael meets up with the owner, and is informed of this, and that someone had broken into his apartment and smuggled cocaine and cash there. The building owner concludes that they are trying to frame him, since they cannot hurt the newspaper. The police find that Jonas (the Section member Teleborian had met with) had met up with the Nikolic brothers, sharpshooters in the Bosnian War and the ones who are pursuing the members of Millennium. Mikael decides to meet with Erika at a restaurant names "Samir's Gryta". The police try to warn Mikael that they will attempt to kill them there, but Mikael had left his phone at the office. They call the restaurant, and Mikael, in an attempt to answer the phone, runs into one of the brothers, who pulls out a gun. Mikael fends him off as the police hurry towards the restaurant. Figuerola arrives with the police and recognizes the other brother waiting in a car outside the restaurant, and arrests them both. The Section is dismayed when they find that the two brothers had failed their job. In court, Lisbeth enters with ear and facial piercings, a mohawk hairstyle, black makeup, and dark clothing. As the court procession proceeds, Mikael decides to print Lisbeth's story in the magazine. Mikael visits Erika, who is being monitored by police, to say that he had gone against her decision to not print the magazine. Teleborian heads into court, stating that her autobiography is merely the product of Lisbeth's supposed paranoid delusions. Annika lashes back by demolishing Teleborian's credibility, where he states that she was restrained at St. Stephen's for around 30 days, when in reality, she had been restrained for 381 days. She uses Lisbeth's word and files from the hospital to prove this. The judge does not accept old files as proof against Teleborian's credibility. Afterward, Plague follows Teleborian up to his hotel. From the lobby he is able to use wireless internet to hack Teleborian's computer, and catches him looking at child pornography. Plague makes a full copy of the computer, which he soon gives to Mikael, who passes on the information to Annika and the police. In court, Annika shows the video proving Bjurman raped Lisbeth, and showing her statements of abuse were completely true. As Annika presents her case for the defense, the police arrest the people involved with the Section and seize their place of operation. She proves that Teleborian had confined Lisbeth to an institution as punishment for setting her father on fire, and that he wants to detain Lisbeth at St. Stephen's once more. Annika calls Mikael to the stand and states that Teleborian had written his psychiatric opinions before he had even been allowed to interview Lisbeth. Then Annika calls Edklinth to the stand, and he states that the opinions were formulated in cooperation with Jonas Sandberg, using his computer as proof. Teleborian is left speechless. Edklinth tells Teleborian he is to be arrested, on charges of possessing over 8,000 items of child pornography, and his computer seized as evidence. After Teleborian is arrested, the court then decides that Lisbeth has no further need to been detained in custody. The Millennium workers celebrate their victory, with Erika returning to work. Lisbeth is encouraged by Annika to check the property she has inherited from Zala and is led to the warehouse where Niederman was hiding. Niederman attempts to trap her in the warehouse and kill her, but she is too fast for him. Lisbeth uses a nail gun to trap Niederman, nailing him to the floor. She considers nailing him in the head but runs out of nails. Upon leaving, Lisbeth instead phones Sonny and tells the bikers where to find Niederman, and then she calls the police after the bikers arrive. Lisbeth returns home, Mikael briefly visits her to tell that the motorcycle gang killed Niederman and were arrested soon after. They then have a brief, strained conversation, in which she thanks him for everything, and agrees to stay in touch as he is about to leave.
tt0158983
Animation,Comedy,Fantasy
A musical, based on the Comedy Central animated series by the same creative team of Trey Parker and Matt Stone. Stan, Kyle, Kenny and Cartman go to see the new movie ("Asses of Fire") by their favorite (and very foul-mouthed) comedians, the Canadians Terence and Philip. The boys' use of profanity grows exponentially after viewing the movie, and the popularity of both the movie and the profanity come to the indignant attention of the school's teachers and then the boys' parents. Kyle's mother Sheila begins a crusade against first T&P, then against all of Canada. Meanwhile, the boys have seen the movie several more times and argue over whether or not you can really set a fart on fire. Kenny takes a dare (and some money), lights a fart but sets himself on fire in the process and dies in the ER. He then goes to Hell and meets Satan and Satan's boyfriend Saddam Hussein. As the diabolical pair await their chance to excape Hell and take over the world, anti-Canadian sentiment grows to full-blown hatemongering and war crimes and the US bombs Toronto. A newly-designed "V-chip" electrically curbs Cartman's use of profanity, much to his disgust. In a showstopping full-cast production number, The four boys form an underground movement called "La Resistance" to rescue T&P from electrocution (during a USO show) before America's planned troop surge into Canada. Many town residents have joined the Army, including Chef, whose segregated unit is expected to serve as cannon fodder in "Operation Human Shield", much to Chef's disgust. In Hell, Satan grows increasingly unhappy over continually taking mental abuse from the eternally-horny Saddam Hussein. "La Resistance" mounts a rocky but ultimately successful rescue attempt during the USO show ("Just remember what the MPAA says--'Horrific, deplorable violence is OKAY, as long as people DON'T SAY ANY NAUGHTY WORDS!' "). After the Canadian army's surprise invasion and subsequent horrific battle, Terence and Philip are shot. Once their innocent blood touches the ground, Satan and his minions, and Saddam, come out of Hell to begin conquering Earth. Saddam usurps Satan's perogative and tries to take over all by himself and is attacked by Cartman, whose V-chip has malfunctioned so that he shoots lightning every time he says a bad word. Encouraged by Kenny, Satan puts Saddam down once and for all, and restores everything on Earth to the way it was before T&P were killed. The boys' mothers learn to blame their own foul-mouthed children rather than "blaming Canada", and everyone rejoices as Kenny gets into Heaven in the big musical finale.
tt0092099
Action,Drama
The aircraft carrier USS Enterprise (CVN-65) is on patrol near the Persian Gulf when radar contact is made with a MiG fighter. The Combat Air Patrol of the Enterprise is vectored to meet the incoming aircraft, and the fighters involved are F-14 Tomcat interceptors, each manned by a pilot and a Radar Intercept Officer (RIO). The pilot of the lead plane is Flight Lieutenant Peter "Maverick" Mitchell (Tom Cruise), a callsign appropriate for his arrogant rule-bending attitude; his RIO is Lt. Nicholas "Goose" Bradshaw (Anthony Edwards). The second F14 is piloted by Bill "Cougar" Cortell (John Stockwell) with Sam "Merlin" Wells (Tim Robbins) as the RIO. The two F14s split up and are surprised when a second MiG, shielded from radar by riding within feet of its leader, appears. Cougar is outmaneuvered by MiG One while Maverick locks his missile radar on MiG Two, who promptly disengages. MiG One stays on Cougar and is only chased off when Maverick flies upside down, closes up on the MiG, and flashes an obscene gesture to the enemy pilot. The MiG disengages and the two Tomcats fly to the Enterprise, but Cougar is so rattled he cannot land, forcing Maverick, low on fuel and against orders, to abort his own landing and talk Cougar to the deck. Cougar sees the captain of the Enterprise, Tom "Stinger" Jordan (James Tolkan), and turns in his wings -- the incident has left Cougar rattled and he feels he can't fly combat any longer. Stinger is forced to change his intended disciplinary action against Maverick, for he must send a Tomcat tandem for additional combat training at the Navy's Fighter Weapons School in Miramar, near San Diego,CA and the Captain is plainly disgusted that Maverick is the only qualified candidate for the assignment. Maverick, however, is quietly overjoyed as he regards the assignment as an opportunity for advancement, and upon arrival begins a rivalry with a fellow Tomcat pilot, Lt. Tom "Iceman" Kazansky (Val Kilmer), and his RIO, Ron "Slider" Kerner (Rick Rossovich). At a bar the night after their first day at the School, Maverick notices Charlotte Blackwood (Kelly McGillis) a pretty young blonde in jeans, and hits on her by following her into the ladies room and serenading her. It seems not to work until the next day she appears at the School, revealing herself to be Charlie, a previously unseen DOD flight instructor that Maverick had assumed to be male. Though technically a civilian, she has mastered the flight simulator where she has beaten several actual pilots. She begins to become smitten with Maverick before the official competition begins. In his first exercise, Maverick takes on the School's resident "enemy" pilot, LTC Richard "Jester" Heatherly (Michael Ironside), and succeeds in outmaneuvering him and "shooting" him down, but in so doing he flies below a set minimum engagement altitude - a "hard-deck" - and then compounds this faux pas by "buzzing" (or overflying) a flight tower at absurdly low altitude just to show off. Both Maverick and Goose listen while Jester and their commanding officer, Commander Michael "Viper" Metcalf (Tom Skerritt) are chewed out by the tower's commanding officer. Iceman also chews out Maverick for his "unsafe" attitude, but Maverick refuses to have any of it, even after Jester summons him to his office and threatens to expel him should he continue this way. Metcalf, however, knows Maverick because Maverick's father flew with him in Vietnam off the USS Oriskany (CVA-34) and was shot down when he engaged the enemy in "neutral" airspace. The contest between Maverick and Iceman continues; in a later exercise Viper and Jester team up against Maverick and fellow F14 pilot Hollywood. Maverick breaks a cardinal rule by abandoning his wingman to go after Viper, and in so doing Hollywood is "shot down" and then the same fate befalls Maverick. But the worst is yet to come, for Maverick is teamed with Iceman and Maverick, determined to win the School contest, angrily chews out Iceman for taking too long to attack an enemy craft; Maverick takes the shot, but when the two aircraft get close, the backwash from Iceman's thrusters cripple Maverick's engines and the F14 plunges toward the sea. Goose barely succeeds in yanking open the emergency ejection handles, but when the fighter's canopy pops open, the two pilots eject and Goose crashes into the canopy, killing him. Maverick is devastated by Goose's death, and though an inquiry clears him of wrongdoing, his confidence is destroyed. He nonetheless graduates from the class and is reassigned to the Enterprise, where an incident with enemy MiGs leads to a fateful battle involving Iceman as well as Maverick. Iceman, and Hollywood are launched to intercept a pair of MiGs but are jumped by four additional enemy fighters. Hollywood is shot down and Iceman hopelessly surrounded when Maverick is launched, now with Merlin as his RIO. Though delayed by malfunctioning catapults on the flight deck, Maverick still arrives at the scene of battle but is surrounded by enemy and when he flies into one ship's jetwash his own fighter briefly stalls out - and though he regains control he flashes back to Goose's death and breaks off, leaving Iceman (who has long doubted Maverick's courage after Goose's death) trapped as Merlin desperately and furiously yells at Maverick to get back into battle. Maverick pull himself together and returns to assist Iceman, and they destroy four MiGs, prompting the remaining squadron to retreat. As a result, Maverick and Iceman finally become friends. As a reward for his heroism, Maverick is offered any assignment he chooses. He chooses to be an instructor at Top Gun. He tosses Goose's dog tags into the ocean, signifying he has come to terms with his friend's death.
tt0082031
Comedy,Romance
Arthur Bach is a rich socialite from a financially powerful English family, based in the New York City area. Though his family has built great prestige for themselves, Arthur is an embarrassment. He cavorts with women, including prostitutes, he drinks heavily and is often seen publicly inebriated, and consistently makes a spectacle of himself, which is often documented in newspapers and tabloids. Arthur's father and his grandmother demand that Arthur marry a woman named Susan Johnson, herself the daughter of another powerful businessman, Burt Johnson. The marriage would lead to a lucrative business partnership between Arthur's father and Johnson and would secure Arthur's sizable inheritance. Arthur, however, does not love Susan and is depressed because he feels he's being coerced. One day, while in Bergdorf-Goodman's store in Manhattan Arthur spots a young woman, Linda Marolla, stealing a necktie (a birthday present for her unemployed father). One of the store's security guards follows her outside and Arthur and his servant, Hobson, follow them as well. Linda quickly makes a scene when the guard accuses her of the theft, but Arthur steps in and covers for her, saying she was buying the tie for him. The guard is apologetic and leaves. Arthur kisses Linda in front of a crowd to continue the ruse, and then asks her for her phone number. He also offers his limo and chauffeur, Mr Bitterman, to Linda to get home. Arthur takes Linda out on a date and the two instantly fall for each other. Arthur meets later with his father, who expresses his disappointment at Arthur's reputation as a rich playboy. Arthur tells his father that he refuses to marry Susan, at which point his father threatens to cut off his inheritance of $750 million. Arthur acquiesces and takes his mother's engagement ring to give to Susan. Arthur later meets with his grandmother, Martha, the Bach family matriarch, who tells him the same thing his father did: she'll cut him off if he doesn't marry Susan. She also suggests that while he's married to Susan, he can still see Linda on the side. Arthur, however, does not want to carry on an unfaithful relationship with Linda but still agrees to marry Susan. Arthur later discusses the matter with Hobson, with whom he has a closer relationship than his own father. Hobson tells Arthur to respect his family's wishes and marry Susan. Hobson, however, recognizes that Arthur is indeed in love with Linda. Before leaving to pick up Susan to propose to her, Arthur calls Linda and tells her the truth. Linda seems mostly unfazed by the news, however, her father breaks down at the thought of her daughter missing the chance to marry a millionaire. At Burt Johnson's house, Arthur talks to Johnson himself, who tells the young playboy that he doesn't approve of his excessive drinking. He also explains a bit about his upbringing, relating a story about how he killed a burglar at the age of 11. To Johnson, the most important thing in his life is Susan, and he would kill to protect her. Susan and Arthur go to a posh restaurant where Arthur proposes to her. Though Susan knows about Arthur's philandering and drunkenness, she still will marry him. Arthur takes Susan home and then drives to Linda's apartment very late at night and even drunker than he was at dinner. He offers Linda $100,000 for her trouble, which she refuses and orders Arthur to leave. The next day, Arthur has a brief argument with Hobson concerning his future. Arthur, who has been mostly passive all his life, apologizes to Hobson for raising his voice. Hobson takes Arthur's attitude to heart and visits Linda and her father. He tells Linda that Arthur and Susan's engagement party is being held at Arthur's family home in Southampton, Long Island. He also gives her a stylish dress to wear, knowing that she'll go. Right before he leaves, Hobson coughs and seems weak, but he dismisses Linda's questions about it. Linda arrives at the engagement party and, when she sees Arthur singing to his fiance, begins to flirt with another guest, claiming she'd met him before. Arthur sees her there and sends the bewildered man away to get them drinks. Arthur takes Linda on a tour of the house and they end up in the horse stables. Their conversation proves that they are still in love with each other. When Susan interrupts, Linda tries to cover for Arthur by saying she'd come to beg him for money, however, Susan brings unhappy news: back in New York, Hobson has been taken to the hospital and his very ill. Arthur leaves immediately to see Hobson. At the hospital, Arthur tries to make things as comfortable as possible for Hobson, bringing in his own bed, having meals delivered from expensive restaurants, buying him presents and staying in the hospital room with him. Arthur also has the wedding postponed. During the time he cares for Hobson, Arthur stays sober and stops his philandering and excessive spending, having spent a large amount of his own money to keep his friend comfortable. Hobson eventually dies, causing Arthur incredible grief. Arthur goes to a small bar and becomes incredibly drunk a few hours before the wedding. He goes home and dresses for the wedding and, still drunk, visits Linda at the diner where she works as a waitress. Arthur asks her to marry him, despite the fact that he will lose his inheritance and be poor. Linda agrees and she agrees to go with him to tell Susan. Arthur is late arriving at the church. He finds Susan in one of the back rooms and tells her he doesn't love her. Susan becomes upset and calls for her father, who begins to beat Arthur up. Linda arrives. trying to protect Arthur, however, Johnson, grabbing a small cheese knife, starts after Arthur and Linda. Suddenly, Martha Bach appears and slaps Johnson, bringing him out of his murderous rage. Arthur walks out to the dais in the church and tells everyone that the wedding is off and that he'll likely not see many of them again because he'll become poor when his family cuts off his inheritance. He collapses in front of them. After all the guests have left, Arthur and Linda talk on the dais, while Martha listens from the pews. Arthur promises to be faithful to Linda and begins to talk about finding a job when Martha interrupts and says that no heir of her family will ever be working class. She tells Arthur that he can have his full inheritance and can stay with Linda. At first, Arthur refuses, but accepts. He then has Bitterman drive him and Linda through Central Park together.
tt0081633
Adventure,Comedy,Fantasy
In early 1980s England we find Kevin Lotterby (Craig Warnock), an average 11-year-old boy who is fascinated by history and its legends. However, his material-obsessed parents (David Daker and Sheila Fearn) could care less and spend their evenings ignoring their son and watching game show programs on TV. One night, Kevin is made to get to bed early and just as he lies down to sleep an armored knight riding on horseback bursts from his wardrobe. He then finds himself smack dab in the middle of a forest clearing. Just after Kevin gets to his feet, the forest falls away and his bedroom has turned back to normal, as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened. Examining a picture on his wall almost identical to the scene he just witnessed--a knight on horseback in the middle of a forest--it's his father who bursts in through his door this time, complaining about all of the racket Kevin was making and yells at him to get to sleep. The following evening, Kevin returns to bed equipped with a Polaroid camera and a flashlight, determined to document whatever else might decide to emerge from his wardrobe. Just as he's given up hope and begins to fall asleep, a group of six strangely dressed dwarfs file out of his closet. Kevin shines his light at them and they cower, calling him the "The Supreme Being." Soon after discovering his true identity, they gang up on the innocent Kevin, accusing him of things he has no knowledge of. While interrogating him they push him against his picture-decorated wall and find that it moves. Babbling that they've "found it" they push further on the wall, which reveals a tunnel. Suddenly, a frightening head-shaped apparition appears in Kevin's room and demands that they return what they've stolen from him and that it will bring them "great danger." The dwarfs continue to push Kevin's picture-filled wall. The face follows them. Kevin runs and helps the dwarfs. The wall soon gives way through an opening at the end of the hall and the group plummet into the black space beyond. On a seemingly normal countryside, the dwarfs and Kevin suddenly fall from a hole in the sky. As it turns out, they have used a portal to travel back to Italy of 1796, during the Second Battle of Castiglione. They sneak into a fortress where they find a wrecked theatre and Napoleon Bonaparte (Ian Holm), watching local actors perform follies for him. Napoleon laughs at a Punch and Judy show until the puppeteer is shot and dies. Dismissing the rest of the acts, he's suddenly thrilled when the dwarfs appear onstage and begin to perform a soft-shoe number to "Me and My Shadow", a song that won't be written for another 130 years. Napoleon is pleased to see people shorter than himself performing and invites them to dinner, proclaiming them his new generals. The dwarfs wait until Napoleon passes out from drinking wine and proceed to rob him of everything his forces had plundered and carry it out in a large tapestry. As they make their escape, one of the real generals discovers their plot and chases them. The dwarfs find another portal and are able to escape. They subsequently arrive in the Middle Ages. They end up plummeting through the roof of a carriage, upsetting a betrothed couple, Vincent and Pansy (Michael Palin and Shelley Duval), who run off into the forest. The six dwarfs finally explain to Kevin that they worked for The Supreme Being, the creator of the Universe, as designers, creating all the flora and fauna of the world. Kevin learns that the dwarfs, whom are named Randall (David Rappaport)-the self-proclaimed leader, Fidgit (Kenny Baker), Strutter (Malcolm Dixon), Og (Mike Edmonds), Wally (Jack Purvis), and Vermin (Tiny Ross). After designing a particularly foul-smelling tree, the dwarfs were demoted to the job of repairing portals in the space-time fabric. Spurned they spitefully stole the map of the holes' locations, which they are now using to travel around, stealing treasures from across history and get "stinkin' rich." As they count up their loot, Kevin suggest they all pose for a group picture with their map. They suddenly hear the cries of the couple they'd landed on and find that they're being robbed by a motley band of thieves. They follow the thieves, landing themselves in snare traps. After convincing the thugs they're criminals, they're taken to Robin Hood (John Cleese), who looks upon their haul from Napoleon as wealth he can "redistribute" to the local poor. As Hood hands out the loot, the dwarfs leave in disgust, angry that their haul has been repossessed. Meanwhile, in secret, this journey is being observed via mystical powers by a malevolent sorcerer, known simply as "the Evil Genius" or "Ultimate Evil" (David Warner), who seeks the map for himself to recreate the universe to his liking. In the Fortress of Ultimate Darkness, the Evil Genius rants a little about The Supreme Being, saying that slugs are a demonstration of his incompetence. "What about you?" one of his henchman asks. "He created you." Evil responds by blowing him up, adding "Don't ever ask me another question like that! No one created me! I am absolute evil! I made myself!" Another henchman pushes his luck, asking, "Then how does he keep you here? How does he keep you trapped in the fortress?" He promptly gets blown up. "Good question," Evil states. "If I were creating the world I wouldn't mess about with butterflies and daffodils. I would have started with lasers, eight o'clock, Day One!" While the dwarfs ponder their next move, Ultimate Evil decides to magically speak through the mouth of one of the more dunderhead-ed dwarfs in order to convince the rest of them to pursue the resting place of "the most fabulous object in the world." The dwarfs begin to fight amongst themselves for the map until the Supreme Being re-materializes, which leads Kevin to jump through a time-travel portal on his own in escape. Kevin land in an arid desert and unintentionally aides King Agamemnon (Sean Connery) when he falls from a time portal in the sky. After inadvertently helping Agamemnon slay a vicious Minotaur, Kevin is welcomed to Agamemnon's royal court and treated like a son. Reflecting on his own neglected life and family, Kevin wishes he can stay with the king forever. Kevin is elated with his new home, capturing scenes during his stay with his Polaroid camera, but this is not to last. A few days later, during a birthday party for Agamemnon, the six dwarfs suddenly appear again and in yet another time-traveling robbery scheme, they manage to steal Agamemnon's riches along with the boy before fleeing through another time portal door. After time-traveling to the infamous luxury liner Titanic, Randall tells Kevin that he'd studied the map more closely & found that Og was right: the Time of Legends is the location of the Most Fabulous Object in the World. However, the boat begins to sink and the stranded group is forced to search out the most fabulous object in the world which turns out to be the Fortress of Ultimate Evil. The Evil Genius, meanwhile, begins to manipulate the adventure with his magical influence, so that Kevin and the dwarfs end up transported out of the freezing waters of the Atlantic Ocean to the ocean of the Time of Legends. Here, circumstances become even more fantastical. The group is picked up by a ship containing the Oger Winston (Peter Vaughan) and his human wife (Katherine Helmond). After overpowering Winston and throwing him and his wife overboard, the group takes command of the ship, but they barely escape when their ship is adorning the head of a giant. After putting the giant to sleep by injecting the top of his head with sleep potion, the travelers escape and find themselves in a vast desert. The dwarfs believe an epic treasure, "The Most Fabulous Object in the World," awaits in this time-period within the Fortress of Ultimate Darkness, where Evil himself resides. Meeting an invisible glass-like wall in the middle of the desert, the dwarfs begin to argue and dissent from Randall's authority, when they accidentally down the wall by smashing a skull through it like a pane of glass. They step through the jagged opening to behold Evil's fortress lying ominous on the other side. Once inside, the dwarfs are immediately deceived by Evil's shape-shifting abilities into handing over the map. Evil imprisons them and Kevin in one of many cages hanging over a bottomless void, but the group undoes the lock and swings from cage to cage until they are back within the fortress hall. They are able to use a photograph of the map Kevin had taken earlier to identify holes they can use to recruit help and recover the map. The dwarfs begin putting their plan into action. Randall and four of the dwarfs split up while Kevin stays behind to try to lure away several of the Evil Genius' demon minions that chase him. Kevin is almost left to face the Evil Genius alone when suddenly all kinds of characters from all time periods come to the rescue, among the group several Roman archers, cowboys, a battle tank, knights, and a futuristic soldier, and the dwarfs. The cowboys attempt to wrangle Evil with their lassos, but he begins to spin and the centrifugal force sends them flying. Evil's skull opens up and a wicked looking pole extends from it, producing a knife which cuts the ropes which unsuccessfully bound him. When the archers attempt to skewer them with their well-aimed arrows, Evil essentially turns himself into a pincushion and fires the arrows right back at their sources. Although the hodge-podge group puts up what could be considered a good effort, all efforts to foil evildoing prove in vain and all certainly seems lost. But then, out of nowhere, The Supreme Being appears in human form (Ralph Richardson) and turns Evil into black brittle stone. While Randall tries to apologize to The Supreme Being for his groups actions, The Supreme Being reveals that everything which had occurred was actually all part of his plan. The Supreme Being (nicknamed 'SB' by the dwarfs) goes on to briefly explain that he let the midgets borrow the map because, as it turns out, Evil was HIS creation after all and the Supreme Being simply wanted to see it put to the test. Free will is the reason why evil still exists, he explains. He instructs them to dispose of Evil's crumbling bits and pieces into a English Post Box he has provided in order to rid the world of it and warns them not to touch it with their bare hands. Unbeknownst to them, one chunk is overlooked and slowly begins to fester. The SB forgives the dwarfs for their insolence, deciding demotion and a pay cut will suffice as a good enough punishment and announces that it is time to go (presumably back to Heaven). With the time map safely in hand, SB and the dwarfs then leave an indignant Kevin behind "to carry on the fight." Soon, however, the festering piece of Evil begins to smolder and in moments Kevin is enveloped in a cloud of thick, strangely yellow-colored smoke. Almost instantaneously, Kevin wakes up to find himself back in his bed, surrounded now by thick, black smoke. Two firemen burst through his bedroom door just in time and rush him from his burning home. Outside, his parents fight over which kitchen appliances should have been saved from the flames and seem to have no concern for whether Kevin had made it out of the house alive or not. It is now morning as Kevin watches the growing flames lick at his home as firemen hose it down and begin to get the fires under control. One of the two firemen who saved him walks by and asks if he is all right, and then says "You're a very lucky boy." On second look, Kevin recognizes the fireman as the spitting image of King Agamemnon. Baffled, wondering if it was all a dream, Kevin checks his pockets for any evidence of his journey and is amazed to find all of the Polaroid snapshots that he took while on his adventures, thus confirming that it wasn't a dream after all. But before Kevin can show the photos and proof of his time traveling adventures to his bickering parents, another fireman emerges from the home with a charred toaster oven in hand, declaring that it was the cause of the fire, which was left on overnight. His parents open the appliance, revealing the smoking chunk of evil rock lying inside. Kevin gasps, realizing it was the source of the fire. "Mum, Dad!" He warns, "It's Evil! Don't touch it!" But as always, his stupid parents foolishly ignore him and touch it anyway to remove it. They both explode on contact with the black rock, leaving almost no trace behind. When Kevin turns around looking for help, he sees King Agamemnon-turned-fireman winking at him who then drives away in his fire truck along with the rest of the firemen now that the fire is put out. Kevin is left all alone and bewildered on the front lawn to look back at the smoldering remains of his destroyed house and smoldering (now dead) parents while his nosy neighbors look on. The camera zooms out from the town, the world, and the galaxy to reveal its location on the Supreme Being's map. The Supreme Being's hands then roll up the map, ending the film.
tt1103275
Drama,Romance
The film starts with Leonard (Phoenix) walking along a foot bridge over the Sheepshead Bay creek in Brooklyn with dry cleaning when he drops the clothing and jumps into the water in an attempted suicide. He changes his mind and surfaces to be helped by a random passersby. After walking home to his parents apartment and his mother seeing him dripping wet it becomes evident that Leonard has emotional problems and had tried to kill himself before. His parents tell him that a potential business partner and his family are invited for dinner. When they arrive Leonard finds out that he had been set up with the other family's daughter, Sandra (Shaw). He hits it off with Sandra and tells her how he had been engaged several years before but the relationship broke off because genetic counselling showed that he and his fiancee could not have had healthy children. A few days later, Leonard meets a new neighbor Michelle (Paltrow) in his apartment building hall. He is immediately attracted to her and spends time with her and goes out on the town with her and her friends. He finds out that she is dating a married partner in her law firm, Ronald (Koteas). Leonard later meets Ronald and Michelle for dinner at an upscale restaurant in the city. He goes home upset but then Sandra surprises him at home where they have sex. The next day he tells Michelle he no longer wants to see her and becomes further involved in a relationship with Sandra. After a while he is asked to photograph Sandra's brother's Bar Mitzvah. Afterward, Michelle calls him upset and says that she is sick. He takes Michelle to the hospital where she is treated for a miscarriage. She had not known she was pregnant. Then he takes her home and while talking to her, Ronald unexpectedly arrives. Leonard hides behind a door while Ronald apologizes to Michelle for not having come to the hospital and that he was going on a trip to London for two weeks. However, Michelle is cross with him and sends him away quickly. She then asks Leonard to console her and caress her hand until she falls asleep, which he does. Two weeks later Michelle calls Leonard and meets him on the roof. She tells him that she has broken off the relationship with Ronald and is going to San Francisco. Leonard tells her not to go because he loves her and they make love on the roof. He later agrees that he will go with her the next day. He buys two tickets online, purchases an engagement ring, and then packs for his trip. At noon on the next day Sandra's father talks to him offering him a partnership in the soon to be merged family businesses believing that he is going to marry Sandra. The next day, during his parents New Year's Eve party, Leonard ducks out to the courtyard to meet Michelle where she tells him that she isn't going to San Francisco because Ronald had left his wife and will marry her. Distraught, Leonard heads out to the beach apparently to kill himself. As he steps in the ocean, he drops a glove that Sandra had bought for him earlier. He picks up the glove, returns to the party, and seeing Sandra gives her the ring.
tt0446755
Drama,Romance
Shortly after meeting earnest, socially awkward bacteriologist Walter Fane at a party, vivacious, vain, and vacuous London socialite Kitty Garstin enters into a loveless marriage with him at the urging of her domineering mother. Following a honeymoon in Venice, the couple go to Shanghai, where the doctor is stationed in a government lab studying infectious diseases. Kitty meets Charles Townsend, a married British vice consul, and the two engage in a clandestine affair. When Walter discovers his wife's infidelity, he seeks to punish her by threatening to divorce her on the grounds of adultery if she doesn't accompany him to a small village in a remote area of China, where he has volunteered to treat victims of an unchecked cholera epidemic sweeping through the area. Kitty begs to be allowed to divorce him quietly and he agrees, provided Townsend will leave his wife Dorothy and marry her. When she proposes this possibility to her lover, he declines to accept, and she is compelled to travel to the mountainous inland region with her husband. They embark upon an arduous, two-week-long overland journey that would be considerably faster and much easier if they traveled by river, but Walter is determined to make Kitty as unhappily uncomfortable as possible. Upon their arrival in Mei-tan-fu, she is distressed to discover they will be living in near squalor, far removed from everyone except their cheerful neighbor Waddington, a British deputy commissioner living with a young Chinese woman in relative opulence. Walter and Kitty barely speak to each other and, except for a cook and a Chinese soldier assigned to guard her, she is alone for long hours. After visiting an orphanage run by a group of French nuns, Kitty volunteers her services, and she is assigned to work in the music room. She is surprised to learn from the Mother Superior that her husband loves children, and in this setting she begins to see him in a new light as she learns what a selfless and caring person he can be. When he sees her with the children, he in turn realizes she is not the shallow, selfish person he thought her to be. As Walter's anger and Kitty's unhappiness subside, their marriage begins to blossom. She soon learns she is pregnant, but is unsure who the father is. Walter in love with Kitty again assures her it doesn't matter. Just as the local cholera problem is coming under control, ailing refugees from elsewhere pour into the area, forcing Walter to set up a camp outside town. He contracts the disease and Kitty nurses him, but he dies, devastating her. Five years later, while shopping with her young son Walter in London, Kitty meets Townsend by chance on the street. He suggests the two get together and asks young Walter his age, realising from the reply that he could be Walter's father. Kitty, however, rejects his overtures and walks away. When her son asks who Townsend is, she replies "No one important".
tt0070222
Horror,Sci-Fi
In a cheap motel near Peckham California, a maid discovers a man's corpse in one of the rooms. The dead man, Professor Grabowski, is associated with the Brandt Research center, and an autopsy reveals he died of a massive coronary during sexual intercourse. Another similar death is discovered almost immediately, this time a younger man. This causes the federal government to send in Agent Neil Agar (William Smith) to get to the bottom of things. He gets the background on the deaths by consulting with local police captain Peters. In the small town the Brandt Facility is doing research with genetics and atomic power. Grabowski's assistant, Julie Zorn (Victoria Vetri), becomes Agar's contact in the investigation. More men turn up dead of sexual exhaustion, including a 21 year old man, and the locals become highly agitated. It seems there are a lot of aggressive male types in Peckham, and Julie tells Neil that the scientists at Brandt are no different than the others, preoccupied with sex and enjoying a promiscuous lifestyle that includes partner-swapping. Other Brandt luminaries are not so fortunate, such as geneticist Stan Williams, whose wife treats him in a cold and shrewish manner. When Brandt's Dr. Murger suggests that he has a theory about the strange deaths, he is subsequently run down by a car, driven by an unseen person. When Agar investigates, he discovers that Murger had a male lover and was not interested in women sexually at all. The socially distant Dr. Susan Harris (Anitra Ford), who is in charge of some mysterious research in bee culture, becomes a key suspect for Agar. Harris makes a move on Brandt scientist Herb Kline, inviting him over to her house, seducing him, and having sex with him. During intercourse, her eyes suddenly turn completely black, and Kline suffers a fatal heart attack just like the other men. After Kline's death, his wife receives a phone call from an unidentified female, luring her to Dr. Harris's lab, where Harris and a number of other women overpower her and force her through a strange process where she is stripped nude, covered in a mysterious substance, and placed in a chamber adjacent to a colony of bees, which cover her. Harris has a large machine setup that bombards her female victims with radiation, transforming them into women who have the ability to kill men by having sex with them. The next day, Captain Peters goes to visit Mrs. Kline to inform her of her husband's death, but instead of reacting with grief, she becomes sexually aggressive and attempts to seduce him. Fortunately, he leaves. Stan Williams isn't so lucky; his recently transformed wife seduces him and manages to kill him. In an ironic twist, he strangles her as he dies and they both wind up dead. Agar manages to piece the puzzle together himself, but before he can apprehend Dr. Harris, she lures Julie into her lab and begins the transformation process on her. Agar arrives in time to stop the procedure, firing a bullet into Harris's machine and breaking it. The lab begins to explode, and the bee girls slowly die, including Dr. Harris. The film ends as Agar and Julie begin a romantic interlude.
tt0074475
Horror,Sci-Fi
Dr. Paul Holliston (Rock Hudson) accidentally strikes a Doberman pinscher with his car, and treats the injured dog in his home laboratory, assisted by Martha Douglas (Diane Ladd), his sister-in-law. Paul discovers that the dog is pregnant, and hopes to save the puppies, if not the mother. He calls his son, Gordon (John Elerick), asking him to bring supplies from the research hospital. Gordon is about to make love to his wife, Helen (Anne Schedeen) , who is pregnant with their first child. This is the first they have heard from Paul since his wife died in an automobile accident. Gordon and Helen deliver the supplies, and are happy to see Paul back at work. Paul is equally happy to see them, and is looking forward to having a grandson. He goes upstairs to change his clothes, and talks wistfully to a photograph of his deceased wife, Nicole. Martha, standing in the doorway, says that Nicole is still with them. Paul reminds her that the accident was his fault, and returns to the lab to find that one of the pups has already died. After Gordon and Helen leave, he considers a new strategy. Within a few hours, the mother is dying and only one fetus remains, but he is able to accelerate its development with a growth hormone called placental lactogen, a finding he records on tape. Soon the puppy, which Paul names Number One, is able to live outside the womb. He keeps her tranquilized in an isolette while he continues to experiment with the growth hormone. In less than three days, Number One is a fully-developed puppy; she is soon full grown and the tranquilizers are discontinued. Paul records the dog's remarkable ability to learn, and determines that she is experiencing no negative side effects. Believing he can rescue miscarried babies, Paul wants to experiment on a human fetus and arranges a meeting with Dr. Jim Wiston (Jack Colvin). When Paul leaves Number One alone in the car, she lets herself out against his orders. She is accosted by a small terrier, which she kills and hides before returning to the car. After Paul convinces Jim to supply him with a twelve-to-fourteen-week-old human fetus, Jim procures a female fetus from a suicide victim, which Paul hopes to grow to five weeks of age. Soon the fetus is aging one month per day; Paul discontinues the hormones, tranquilizes the baby and places her in an isolette. However, she continues to grow and is aging at the rate of two years per day, with old cells dying rapidly as new cells develop. Paul tries several methods to halt the process, and finally succeeds with the addictive drug, methotrexate. As he weans the girl from tranquilizers, Paul educates her subconsciously by playing recorded arithmetic lessons. When she awakens, Paul names the girl Victoria (Barbara Carrera) and tries to communicate with her by reciting equations. Paul is overjoyed when she is able to recite the equations on her own. The next day, Paul convinces Martha to stay with Gordon and Helen, using the excuse that he will be in Denver, Colorado. As Victoria explores the house, she removes a fish from Paul's aquarium and watches it die. Number One, having formed an instant bond with Victoria, hides the fish. Paul records Victoria's progress, noting that she utilizes virtually all of her brain's intellectual capacity, unencumbered by the experiences of childhood. He is also satisfied that she has not become addicted to methotrexate. Paul's only remaining concern is Victoria's slow emotional development, so he has her read the Bible to give her a moral foundation, but she finds the book illogical. Paul tells Victoria how she came to be, and that she was given her name because her survival was a victory. He also tells her that, had he not been able to control her cell growth, she may have lived and died without any awareness, or could have been nothing more than a medical curiosity. One day, Martha, believing that Paul is still in Denver, returns to the house on an errand. With Number One following her menacingly, Martha searches for Paul in the lab, while Victoria hides behind the door with a knife until Martha leaves. Victoria feels isolated and asks Paul to show her "the outside world," so he takes her on a two-week vacation up the California coast. Upon their return, Paul and Victoria visit Gordon and Helen, who are having a party. Paul introduces Victoria as his new assistant, a University of Colorado graduate. Some guests are charmed by Victoria, including a flirtatious computer programmer named Collier (Vincent Baggetta); some aren't, particularly chess champion Frank Riley (Roddy McDowell), whom she humiliates in her first chess game. Helen adores Victoria, but Martha takes an immediate disliking to her. Later that night, after Paul and Victoria consummate their relationship and have sex for the first time, she is at first joyful, then suddenly racked with pain. Upon realizing that her cells are again aging and dying rapidly, Victoria injects herself with methotrexate. The next day, she consults Collier's medical computer for a permanent cure, and learns that she needs the pituitary gland extract from a five to six-month-old fetus. Victoria sits on the beach and ponders her dilemma, but is soon playing with a group of children, until the pain returns and she needs another dose of methotrexate. Later, at a dinner party, Victoria learns that Helen is more than five months pregnant. Martha tells Paul that Victoria is a fraud and one of them has to leave. Victoria overhears and, while Martha is asleep, gives her an injection. Martha leaves for Minneapolis, Minnesota, the next morning, and dies of a heart attack within hours. While Paul travels to Minneapolis, Victoria learns how to perform a cesarean section, destroys Paul's tape-recorded notes, and breaks into the office of Helen's obstetrician, where she selects a victim from his patient files: a prostitute who is six months pregnant. Victoria performs the procedure of removing the prostitute's fetus in Paul's laboratory, but despairs when she discovers that the fetus is dead, until Helen pays a surprise visit. In Minneapolis, Paul learns that Martha's death was caused by a toxic chemical, and, deducing that Victoria is the culprit, contacts Gordon, who is in Seattle, Washington, on business. When they arrive at Paul's home, they call an ambulance upon finding the prostitute, then run to the laboratory, where Victoria has already removed the fetus from Helen's body. Victoria begs for Paul's understanding, but he now sees her as a monster and injects her with a large dose of placental lactogen. She in turn stabs Gordon, who dies trying to save his wife and child. As the ambulance arrives, Victoria drives away, with Paul in pursuit. After a car chase, he runs her off the road, causing her car to crash and burn on the beach. Victoria, who has aged dramatically, escapes the wreck. When Paul tries to drown her, police and paramedics come to her rescue and arrest Paul. The medics discover that she is about to give birth. The baby is delivered and taken away as Victoria dies. Paul, now in custody and taken away in handcuffs to a nearby police car, screams in horror... unable to stop yet another evil monster he has created.
tt0075989
Adventure,Horror,Sci-Fi
Off the Florida coast, a ship dumps dozens of barrels clearly marked "Danger Radioactive Waste" into the water. Later, the barrels wash ashore on an island where the contents ooze onto the sand, contaminating a group of ants. Meanwhile, real-estate developer Marilyn Fryser greets prospective buyers boarding a yacht for a day cruise to visit her latest project, Dreamland Shores. Already aboard are Dan Stokely, the ship's captain, his first mate Jim, and Marilyn's salesman, Charlie Pearson, with whom she is having an affair. At the yet-to-be-built Dreamland Shores, two workers prepare for the visitors by setting up a tent with tables on the beach not far from where the radioactive waste has contaminated the ants. Once they arrive, Marilyn's nine guests get to know one another: Coreen Bradford, a young woman recovering from a relationship with a married man; Margaret Ellis, an executive secretary; a young married couple, Larry and Christine Graham; a middle-aged couple, Thomas and Mary Lawson; an elderly couple, Harry and Velma Thompson; and a brooding young man, Joe Morrison. Charlie and Marilyn take their guests on a two-hour tour of the property, pointing out where the future marina, tennis club, and golf course will be. When the party stops at another tent for refreshments, Marilyn is annoyed that the workers have gone. Suspicious, Thomas wanders off and just as he discovers that some pipes are merely a facade, he and Mary are attacked and killed by giant ants. Back on the tour, the group realizes that Thomas and Mary are missing. Marilyn hears a loud buzzing noise, but dismisses it. When they discover the body of one of the workers, Joe decides to go looking for Thomas and Mary. Coreen is the only one brave enough to go along. They discover Thomas' bloody remains. Everyone returns to the beach where they see a line of the giant ants marching toward their moored ship. Dan and Jim battle the ants with an ax. A gasoline can ruptures and the ship explodes, killing Jim. Dan swims back to shore. As night falls, the group builds a fire to ward off the ants. In the morning, a storm hits, extinguishing their ability to rebuild the fire. Although Charlie suggests escape in a rowboat lying at the mouth of a river two miles away, Marilyn wants to await rescue at a deserted beach house. She is only convinced to join the others when she sees the house is infested with ants. Moving through the jungle toward the river, the party encounters a group of ants and is forced to run. The elderly Thompsons cannot keep up and take shelter in a shed. Christine trips and hurts her ankle, but Larry refuses to help and leaves her behind to be devoured. When Marilyn snags her sweater on a tree, Charlie helps her, but the ants get and eat him too as she escapes. Dan, Margaret, Marilyn, Joe, Coreen, and Larry reach the river and find the rowboat. Meanwhile, the Thompsons emerge from the shed to find themselves surrounded by ants (who presumably eat them too). As Dan rows the boat, the others lament their fate. At a fork in the river, Larry insists they go left, but they soon hear the buzzing of the ants. The ants attack from overhanging branches, and Dan and Joe fight them off with oars. Dan turns the boat back toward the fork; however, an ant attacks Larry, and the boat capsizes, knocking the others into the water. The five survivors swim to shore and proceed on foot along the river. Marilyn argues with Dan and stalks off, but soon comes face-to-face with an ant, and rejoins the group. Coreen and Dan realize the ants are herding them upstream, but they have no alternative. Eventually, the group comes upon a house barricaded with barbwire. Sam and Phoebe Russell, the couple that lives there, call the local sheriff and Phoebe whispers something to Coreen. Sheriff Art Kinkade drives them to a motel in a small town near a sugar refinery. The proprietor, Anson Parker, who is also the town's mayor, is on the phone long-distance demanding more sugar for the refinery. Coreen tells Marilyn and Margaret that the old woman told her, "Whatever you do, don't let them take you to the sugar refinery." Joe uses a payphone to call a friend in the capitol, but is told the lines are down. Dan finds that strange since the mayor was talking long distance. While the women clean up, Dan and Joe go to rent a car. When the girl at the rental office stalls them, they realize the townspeople are conspiring to keep them there. Dan and Joe hot-wire a car and the five attempt to leave town, but they hit a police roadblock. Joe tries to run past the checkpoint, but the car pitches into the river. Pulled to safety, Joe and Coreen escape into the sugar cane fields, but Dan, Margaret and Marilyn are captured and taken into custody to the refinery. Inside the refinery, the sheriff explains that people line up each week so the queen ant can spray them with pheromones, which trigger an involuntary response in the humans to do the ants' bidding. In the field, Joe and Coreen are captured by deputies and brought to the others. Marilyn is forced into the booth with the queen ant, sprayed, and emerges espousing obedience. Dan enters the booth and fends off the queen ant with a lit flare. The worker ants then attack the humans. Joe opens the spigots on a fuel truck, and drives around the facility, leaving a flammable trail. The sheriff shoots the queen ant, but it attacks and kills Marilyn before it dies. Joe leaps from the truck, which crashes into the warehouse, bursts into flames, and incinerates the ants inside. Joe and the other survivors find a motorboat and escape.
tt0071276
Adventure,Horror,Mystery
Young girls are literally being drained of their youth, so Dr Marcus [John Carson] sends for professional vampire hunter Captain Kronos [Horst Janson] who brings along his hunchbacked assistant Professor Hieronymous Grost [John Cater] and Carla [Caroline Munro], a girl they saved from a stockade. After investigating the most recent murder, Kronos and the Professor stop at an inn along the way where a wiseass named Kerro [Ian Hendry] insults the hunchbacked professor and draws a sword on Kronos. In lightning speed, Kronos shows his skill with the sword (NOTE: cool scene). Meanwhile, Dr Marcus goes to visit the Durward mansion where brother Paul [Shane Briant] and sister Sara [Lois Daine] live with Lady Durward [Wanda Ventham], their grieving mother who has been brooding since the death of her husband from a disease once treated by Dr Marcus. Riding away from the Durward mansion, Marcus meets up with a cloaked figure. Shortly thereafter, Marcus begins to turn vampire. Kronos tries to kill Marcus by staking and then hanging. No dice until Marcus is pierced by a small cross made of steel. Prof Grost fashions a steel sword with a cross handle, and he and Kronos go back into the words to search for the vampire. A coach goes by. Grost tosses a dead toad under the coach. After the coach passes over it, the toad is alive, proof that a vampire is in the Durward coach. Posing as bait, Carla wanders up to the Durward mansion and requests shelter. Later, as she lies on a couch before the fireplace, she is approached by a woman who mesmerizes her. It is Lady Durward, who reveals that she is Karnstein by birth and that Lord Durward [William Hobbs] has been reawakened. Lady Durward offers Carla to him. Fortunately, Kronos enters the room and deflects Lady Durward's gaze, mesmerizing her instead. As everyone stands around mesmerized, Lord Durward and Kronos sword fight. Kronos drops his cross, but the professor tosses it to him in the nick of time. Lord Durward dies. Lady Durward attacks Kronos, but he kills her, too. In the end, Kronos and the professor ride off to go "anywhere, everywhere, wherever there is evil to be fought," leaving Carla behind. [Original synopsis by bj_kuehl]
tt0073172
Comedy,Drama
Prior to the opening credits we see portions of a black-and-white stag film that is shot in the course of the movie. Voices are overheard that make it apparent that men and women are watching this in the present day. At the end a man complains that there was no "Come shot", something that will later develop into a plot point. The story takes place in Hollywood in the year 1930, shortly after the start of the talkie period. A visionary and gifted young Hollywood director known as Boy Wonder (Richard Dreyfuss) has fallen out of favor with the studios. This is ostensibly due to his reluctance to lower his standards or abandon his artistic and experimental style (such as using a hand-held camera) for the sake of churning out lesser quality stag films for easy money, due to his alcoholism and his fear of leaving his house (agoraphobia). He works out of his decaying mansion, which is the only one left on a street being turned into a freeway. On the morning of this particular shoot, a heroin-addicted waitress, named Harlene (Veronica Cartwright) arrives. Harlene was once a well-known and respected star during the silent film era and she too is reluctant to join the ranks of the "talkies" due in part to her unappealing, high-pitched squeaky voice. She is now the star in the first of his six-picture deal. She prepares and shoots heroin while Boy Wonder drinks heavily during a conversation between them about the changing times in Hollywood. An actor called Rex the Wonder Dog (Stephen Davies) soon arrives wearing a white suit with grass stains on his knees, having just came from his job working for a mortician. During his introduction, Rex gullibly believes a man from a studio who that says that he will put him in the mainstream talkies, and has an appointment to meet him in his hotel room later that same day. Boy Wonder awkwardly attempts to make an artistic film using an actress under the influence of heroin and an actor who becomes increasingly frustrated with the director and all of his poetic talk, much of which he admits he doesn't understand. The scene goes wrong when Rex gets out of control during the action and Boy Wonder needs to smash a wine bottle over his head to get him to stop. Enter Big Mac (Bob Hoskins), a porno film producer. He has heroin packets in his jacket pocket, an unlit cigar in his mouth, wads of money for Rex and a pretty brunette wannabe actress named Cathy Cake (Jessica Harper) hanging on his arm. Harlene takes her payment in heroin and soon dies from an overdose in an upstairs bedroom. Rex finds the dead body and everyone is terribly upset over this turn of events. Boy Wonder talks about continuing his film, but Rex refuses to perform with a dead woman. Big Mac offers Rex a part in a mainstream movie in order to convince Rex to help him bury the body and, while the two are away, Cathy and Boy Wonder develop a chemistry that eventually leads to another ironic high point in the film. Boy Wonder offers to film Cathy for insert shots of her nude body to double for the late Harlene. At first, Cathy refuses to undress, but when she does, she soon becomes aroused by Boy Wonder filming her. After a while, he makes love to her believing he has found something of a soulmate, but she is disappointed when she learns the camera was off. Boy Wonder's sexual experience with Cathy marked the end of his longstanding problem with impotence, which was evidently related to his emotional problems. Boy Wonder quickly realizes that this romantic encounter was simply a ploy to get her into the film, and that she has used and directed him the way he used and directed her. Big Mac and Rex return to find both of them half naked. In a jealous rage, Big Mac ends his six-picture stag film contract with Boy Wonder, who by this time is completely drunk. Rex beats up Boy Wonder in retribution for hitting him earlier with the wine bottle by doing likewise. Big Mac takes the film reel that Boy Wonder used and leaves with Rex and Cathy. After Boy Wonder is left alone in his home, a man knocks at the door. This is presumably Clark Gable, a then little-known actor who had been said to be intending to call on Boy Wonder about a film project. Boy Wonder will not answer the door, and after a short time the unseen man leaves. The end of the film finds Boy Wonder alone in his spacious living room, sitting in the exact same place where the film began; playing piano and singing, pondering what he'll eat for lunch. Note: This last remark brings home the fact that, while a great deal of talk and drama has occurred in the course of the nearly two-hour long film, the movie was shot in real time.
tt0281718
Action,Crime,Drama
The film follows the lives of four childhood friends: Joon-seok, the leader of the group and whose father is a powerful mob boss; Dong-su, whose father is an undertaker; class clown Jung-ho; and Sang-taek, who was an exemplary student. As children they play together, sell sexually explicit pictures cut from a magazine, and wonder if a South Korean Olympic swimmer could outrace a sea turtle. Jung-ho also showed the rest of them a VCR that his mother had, and this film he found on it. It turns out to be a pornographic movie, and the boys are entranced while arguing over what a "menstruation" was, with them believing that it was the word that adults used to describe the "vagina". Fast forward to high school, where they are reunited after separating during middle school. They become smitten with the lead singer of a band of girls their age. Joon-seok invites the band to a party at his house, where each boy pairs off with one girl (though not after some tension over how to do so). Sang-taek receives his first kiss from the lead singer, Jin-sook. Back in school, Joon-seok and Dong-su get in trouble after a confrontation with a teacher; After their friends convince them to go apologize, they are only off with a light suspension. During an outing to the movies, where Sang-taek catches the eye of another school kid whom he had picked a fight with earlier, Joon-seok and Dong-su fend off a whole rival school while Jung-ho protects Sang-taek. Dong-su, after the fight, returns with a steel rod and smashes the school's glass cases with its awards and trophies, dropping out of school and warning anyone who bumps into him on the street will "pay". Sang-taek is suspended from the affair. After graduation, Sang-taek and Jung-ho go to college but the others do not. A few years later Sang-taek and Jung-ho return to find Joon-seok married to Jin-sook, the singer from the band. He is seriously ill and abusive towards his wife as a result of being addicted to philopon; he also appears depressed that his father is dying. Later he recovers from his illness, divorces his wife, and mourns his father. He assumes his father's role as a crime lord. Dong-su also becomes a mobster with a rival organization, and becomes similarly powerful. Joon-seok, Sang-taek, and Jung-ho remain close, drinking, singing karaoke, and eating galbi together during reunions. After Dong-su causes Joon-seok's boss to be imprisoned, an assassination attempt is led on Dong-su, souring relations and leading to a mob war between the two friends' opposing ganges. After an attack on his men, Joon-seok visits Dong-su at his headquarters. Joon-seok talks to Dong-su as if nothing has happened, and asks if he would like to accompany him to see Sang-taek off, since he was heading to the United States. Dong-su, however, does not want to, and Joon-seok becomes serious. Joon-seok asks Dong-su as a friend to leave for Hawaii for a few years until things cooled down, Dong-su, however, refuses and tells Joon-seok to leave. Joon-seok leaves to say farewell to Sang-taek.What Dong-su did not realize was that Joon-seok asked him to leave as a friend. After mulling over the conversation Dong-su decides to see Sang-taek off at the airport. However, as he is about to leave, Dong-su is betrayed by his gang and stabbed to death. A few years later, Sung-taek returns to South Korea upon finishing his study abroad. Jung-ho explains how during Sung-taek's absence Joon-seok's gang sent him into hiding abroad. After a two years, he was unable to stand the hiding any longer and had a mental breakdown. He was caught after attempting to kill himself in a foreign bar. Joon-seok goes to trial for Dong-su's murder and, even after Jung-ho bribes the jurors, Joon-seok pleads guilty to ordering Dong-su's death, despite his actual innocence. After the trial, Sang-taek visits Joon-seok in prison, and the two talk like old friends who haven't seen each other. When the time comes for Joon-seok to leave to go back to his jail cell, Sung-taek asks why he pleaded guilty in court. Joon-seok simply replies, "Humiliation. Me and Dong-su are mobsters. Mobsters shouldn't be humiliated." Sang-taek and Joon-seok then part ways, with Sang-taek promising to visit every month. The film ends with Joon-seok walking back to his cell, in a hallway with a white bright light in the end, with Joon-seok reflecting on the past when they were all children, wondering who would win in a race, the South Korean Olympic swimmer or a sea turtle, when they were all still friends.
tt0075261
Horror
On the early morning hours on September 29, 1975, in Fly Creek, a small town near the coast in Georgia, a powerful electrical storm rages one night. The high winds topple large high-voltage power lines, and the wires drag and snake along the wet, muddy ground. The next morning, Geri Sanders (Patricia Pearcy) awaits the arrival of her new beau, Mick (Don Scardino), a city boy she met at an antique show while vacationing in New York City. Mick arrives on a bus that is forced to turn back due to a large tree that the storm has knocked down across the road. Instead, Mick chooses to walk through the woods, where Geri is amused to find him sunken into a mud hole. Geri lives with her mother, Mrs. Sanders, and her younger sister, Alma. Alma is jealous of the attention Mick gives Geri, and tries her hardest to appear more cultured and stylish, since she thinks Mick will respond to this being from the city. Also jealous of Geri's relationship with Mick is Roger Grimes (R.A. Dow), a slightly backwards neighbor who adores Geri. Roger has loaned Geri his father's truck to go and fetch Mick, and there is an immediate problem: Roger's father is a "worm farmer", collecting thousands of worms to sell as bait. The crated worms, which were in the back of the truck, are now missing, the crates empty. Mr. Grimes blames Roger, but Roger knows he loaned the truck to Geri. Roger blames Mick, the interloper who has designs on Geri. The electricity is still out in the area; Mrs. Sanders asks Geri and Mick to fetch a large block of ice for the refrigerator, and while they are in town, Mick stops into a diner. When he orders an "egg cream", the waitress has no idea what he wants, but she does her best to prepare the drink the way he describes it. Mick is shocked when he finds a worm in the drink, spilling it all over the counter. The waitress is furious, and Mick scolds her for serving him a drink with a worm in it; however, the worm has disappeared. The local redneck Sheriff overhears the outburst and makes a thinly veiled threat to Mick for "being disruptive". The locals obviously distrust Mick because he is from the city. Back at home, Mrs. Sanders is clearly spooked by the storm and the subsequent damage. She remains aloof and seemingly in her own world, and Geri admits that she has been that way ever since Geri's father passed away months earlier. The water service has been interrupted, too, and the shower does not work. Geri takes Mick to visit the local antiques dealer, Mr. Beardsley, but he is nowhere to be found, his home mysteriously abandoned. Mick and Geri are shocked to find a skeleton in the flower garden behind his home. They run and fetch the Sheriff, but when they return with him, the skeleton is gone. The Sheriff is furious, thinking Mick is trying to make a fool out of him, and scolding Geri for being involved in a prank. Later, Mick and Geri go fishing with Roger, and while he is unaware, they discover the missing skeleton in the back of his truck. Mick and Geri don't say anything about it to him. While they are out on the boat, one of the large sandworms they use for bait bites Mick on the arm. Geri explains that the worms in the area bite with sharp, pincer-like jaws, but the wound on Mick's arm is quite bloody. Geri admits she's never seen a worm bite like that, but Roger says he has. He tells Mick and Geri that when he was a child, his father used Roger's electric train transformer in an experiment to see if they could jolt worms out of wet soil with electricity. The experiment worked, but the worms were extremely volatile when they emerged, biting half of Roger's thumb off. Mick has Roger take him back to shore and leaves Geri alone with him on the boat so that he can examine the skeleton. While he is in the truck, Alma appears and startles him. Together they remove the skull from the skeleton and take it to the local dentist's office, where they break in. Mick is convinced the skull belongs to Beardsley himself and that he has been murdered, and he confirms this through Beardsley's dental records. How he was reduced to a skeleton, however, remains a mystery, and furthermore why Roger had took the skeleton and hid it in the back of his truck. Meanwhile, back on the boat, Geri and Roger are alone and Roger makes a pass at Geri. When she rebuffs him, Roger is furious and they struggle. Geri knocks him over right onto the worms, which have overturned their small container and have slithered across the floor of the boat. Geri is horrified when Roger turns over, the worms attached to his face, and she sees them burrowing under his skin. They both fall out of the boat and into the water, where Roger runs off screaming into the woods, leaving Geri alone. Geri returns home in a panic and tries not to alert the fragile Mrs. Sanders that anything is wrong. In an attempt to shower off the dirt from the lake, Geri discovers that the water is still not working; as she fiddles with the knobs, she does not see that directly above her, worms have begun to emerge from the showerhead. They dangle from the large nozzle openings, then retreat mysteriously. Mick and Alma return home and Geri finds out that the skull belongs to Mr. Beardsley. Geri is horrified and upset; she also tells them what happened to Roger. The insane Mrs. Sanders appears suddenly and starts to realize something is wrong, but nobody will tell her anything out of fear of upsetting her. Mick goes to the Grimes farm to see what happened to Roger, and he finds the body of Mr. Grimes. Thinking the old man had a heart attack, Mick puts his ear to Grime's shirt and hears a strange sound. Pulling the shirt open, he is horrified to see thousands of worms eating Grimes from the inside out. When Mick returns to Geri, they deduce that Beardsley must have been killed by worms during the storm. They realize that Roger seems to have discovered the skeleton and taken it, mistaking it for one of Beardsley's antiques. They make one last attempt to convince the Sheriff, who is eating a spaghetti dinner with his girlfriend at a local restaurant. Skeptic, he angrily sends them away, threatening to arrest them. Mick and Geri return home for dinner, when a large tree suddenly topples, crashing through the ceiling of the dining room. Nobody is hurt, but the side of the house is now ripped open and exposed. Mick goes around to the base of the tree and finds the upended root covered in worms. When he goes to get gasoline to burn them, he returns to find them gone. He deduces that what is driving the worms back is the light; it is still daylight, and light seems to keep the worms at bay. With the damage to the house, Mick goes off to find plywood to board up the openings; he knows that once the sun goes down, the worms will be free to attack once again. Geri sends him in the direction of an old mill that was torn down, but when he goes there he is attacked by Roger, who is now demented and behaving like an animal. He hurls Mick into a ditch and knocks him unconscious, leaving him for the worms that he knows will come. Back at the house, Alma attempts to take a shower but also finds the water is still off. She does not realize the pipes are full of worms. Unlike Geri, she leaves the faucet open, and after she leaves, worms begin falling out of the showerhead. Eventually the showerhead breaks off completely, and a steady stream of worms gushes into the bathroom, which is now filling up with the things. Roger, still with worms in his face, lurks outside the house in the falling darkness, while Mrs. Sanders begins to behave strangely, indicating that she's losing her grip on reality. When she sends Geri into the kitchen for something, Roger appears and grabs her. Mrs. Sanders and Alma aren't aware that he's in the house, and Mrs. Sanders mentions that she hears water running in the bathroom. Alma remembers she left the faucet on, and goes upstairs. But when she opens the bathroom door, a sea of worms pours out of the room into the hallway. Other residents of Fly Creek are attacked by millions of worms. The Sheriff and his girlfriend, who are having sex in an empty jail cell, are consumed by a flood of worms, as are the patrons of the local bar. Mick regains consciousness and finds himself surrounded by pools of worms. He saves himself by making a torch out of his shirt and fending them off with the light. When he goes back to the house, he finds worms pouring all around the place, covering the floor. They shy away from Mick's torch, allowing him to enter the house, where he finds the body of what used to be Mrs. Sanders, covered in writhing worms. Going upstairs in search of Alma and Geri, Mick is attacked by Roger, who emerges from the attic. He has kidnapped Geri and tied her up, keeping her hostage in the attic room. Mick drops his torch in the struggle; no longer able to fend off the worms, he cannot go back downstairs, and by now the entire downstairs of the house is literally engulfed in a sea of worms that almost reach the ceiling. When Roger tries to push him into the worms, Mick manages to throw him in instead, and the worms pull Roger underneath of them. Mick unties Geri and they attempt to climb out of an upstairs window into a tree. Roger, however, has emerged from the sea of worms, crawling like a worm himself. He attacks Mick, who beats him to death with a flashlight. Mick and Geri escape into the tree. The next morning, they awaken in the tree branch to find the sun has risen and driven the worms away. A representative from the electric company tells them the power is back on and the towers have been repaired; he remarks that the town seems deserted. Inside the house, a large steamer trunk opens and Alma emerges, still alive; she apparently managed to get inside before the worms engulfed her. Mick and Geri are ecstatic that she has survived, and they run inside to greet her.
tt0068369
Drama,Horror,Mystery
"Child's Play" is about the destructive goings-on at a boy's school and the friction between two faculty members. Joe Dobbs, English teacher, likeable, charming, favored by his students, is the junior class leader. The senior class leader, Latin and Greek instructor Jerome Malley, is feared and despised by the boys in his class. He is a strict disciplinarian with the nickname of "Lash". Dobbs is constantly trying to get Malley to "ease up" on his pupils. In fact, the only thing standing between Dobbs becoming the senior class leader is Malley's imminent retirement. Layered on top of this conflict between the two men is the increasingly bizarre and distructive behavior of the boys themselves. Malley also seems to be on the verge of a nervous breakdown due to the stress of dealing with his dying mother compounded by the receipt of anonymous threatening phone calls and messages. Malley's prickly personality wins no friends or sympathy when he claims Hobbs is the source of these hectoring calls and letters. Into all of this turmoil comes Paul Reis, the new PE instructor, who was formerly a student at the school. As an outsider bringing a fresh perspective, he first sides with Hobbs, but, getting to understand Malley's torments on a more personal level, he begins to have doubts about Hobbs' motivation. The end of the film is both tragic and bizarre.
tt0076191
Horror,Sci-Fi
A space rocket communicates with ground control at Houston (Dave Hull's voice). The astronaut, Steve West (Alex Rebar) reaches the rings of Saturn and sees the rising sun. A solar explosion reaches him immediately, and he passes out. Steve wakes up at hospital. Dr Leland Loring (Lisle Wilson) wonders aloud how he could survive, but the nurse (Bonnie Inch) can't give him an answer. He decides to call Dr. Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning). He also stresses to her that Steve's condition must be kept secret. When both leave, Steve wakes up - his head has been completely bandaged, but he sees his monster hands. Taking away his bandages, he sees all the blisters. He becomes enrages. The nurse enters, sees him and runs away. There's nobody else in all the clinic, and monstruous Steve runs after her, who reaches the parking lot by going through a glass door. The two doctors check the dead body, and they find it died of radiation poisoning. They don't even know if it is a contagious condition. Ted phones General Michael Perry (Myron Healey), who insists in keeping the murder and everything secret. Steve has escaped into the woods, and he kills a fisherman (Samuel "Sam" W. Gelfman). Ted and Leland have a conversation in which Ted shows that he's feeling sympathetic towards Steve's plight. Perry phones Nelson at home, and he has to pretend that nothing is wrong in front of his wife Judy Nelson (Ann Sweeny). Outside, two boys (Stuart Edmond Rogers and Chris Witney) give a cigarette to their friend Carol (Julie Drazen), who finds it disgusting. She coughs, dislikes it and steps on it. They go playing, running around the forest. The girl gets lost and she finds the monster. She runs away in panic until she finds her mother (Leigh Mitchell), who tells her that Frankenstein (she refers to the Monster, not the doctor) doesn't exist. Nelson follows the radiation to the forest but can't find him. Sheriff Neil Blake (Michael Alldredge) is already investigating a murder. There is a photographer (Don Walters) who is pushed away. The body looks weird, and the locals get nervous. Nelson says that it must have been a bear, while Perry tries to hide his face. The photographer takes a picture of Nelson and Perry. West wanders aimlessly. Perry will have dinner with the Nelsons and reminds Nelson to keep quiet about their task. Nell Winters (Janus Blythe) and Matt Winters (Jonathan Demme) are going to visit their pregnant daughter, but silly Matt wants to find a shortcut through the forest. Nell and Matt walk, they kiss and stare at the full Moon. They get into their car because a wild dog scares them off. However, this is when they see Steve, who now looks like a monster-size bug, or moth. Steve West sleeps at a cemetery. He keeps on remembering his astronaut past, but he's becoming green goo. Judy stops sewing when the cat breaks a bottle of milk; then, her approaching husband scares her off. Nelson confides in her, and she's distraught about the death of her parents. The sheriff finds them. Nelson gives Judy a sleeping pill. The general stays with Judy while Nelson goes to speak with the sheriff, who gets angry with him because he's not collaborating with him; he even starts to suspect Ted. Another lady, called Helen (Dorothy Love) gets attacked at her home. Two security guards (Westbrook Claridge and Mickey Lolich) see West running around in the water plant they are watching. West throws a maintenance man (Keith Michl). Ted arrives and tries to reason with Steve, who pushes him over the balustrade to his death. Finally, Steve helps Ted. The two security guards appear. They shoot Ted, who was trying to talk to them, so Steve kills them both. Steve drips more and more. Now he looks like a human-size squid. He melts away and dies. The rising sun again. The dam has been saved. Steve is now a bloody mess. A janitor (DeForest Covan) is the first to arrive and sees the bloody scraps of meat. While a newscaster (Jennifer Mulaire) drools on and on broadcasting another mission being launched into space, the janitor puts the remains of Steve into the rubbish bin.
tt0068168
Action,Crime,Drama
A trade of drug money is occurring between two Italians (from the South of 110th street in New York) and three blacks (from Harlem to the North of 110th Street). Suddenly, two men (Paul Benjamin & Ed Bernard) uniformed as police officers knock on the door. When they enter one of the two men dressed as cops holds the drug dealers hostage with a machine gun. When one of the black hostages reaches for his pistol, the man shoots everyone in the room to death, except his partner. When the two killers rush out with the drug money, they hop in a car with their driver (Antonio Vargas). When the driver nervously hits a few of the cars around them, it attracts the attention of an African-American cop, who is shot to death by the man with the machine gun before he realizes what's going on. Another cop (this one white) comes upon the situation and pulls his gun, but is fatally hit by the getaway car. Seemingly before the cops are aware of the situation, the two crime syndicates are aware that they've been ripped off. Mafioso Nick D'Salvio(Anthony Franciosa) is coached by his Don (who is also his father-in-law) that this is an opportunity to keep the blacks in check and that he must severely punish the men responsible for the robbery and the murder of the two Italians. D'Salvio pays a visit to the black crime boss in Harlem, Doc Johnson (Richard Ward). Johnson promises to put his main henchman, Shevvy (Gilbert Lewis), on the the trail of the thiefs. But D'Salvio threateningly intones that, while Shevvy may find them, the punishment must be left to the Italians. Johnson, unintimidated, taunts D'Salvio as a "punk errand boy", causing D'Salvio to try to attack him. However, D'Salvio's henchman hold him back and calm him before they leave. The police have finally arrived and are all over the building where the drug theft and massacre occurred. Aging Cpt. Mattelli (Anthony Quinn) arrives prepared to oversee the investigation. However Mattelli's chief lets him know to his chagrin that the much younger (and African-American) Lt. Pope (Yaphet Kotto) will be leading the investigation. Pope mistrusts Mattelli because he rightly believes Mattelli to be a drunk, a racist, and a crooked cop who doesn't hestitate to beat up suspects or even crime witnesses. The mostly black residents in the surrounding neighborhood of the crime (although we know many of them witnessed the crime) refuse to disclose information to the police. However, they gladly let Doc Johnson know the vehicle that was used in the getaway. Shevvy and D'Salvio use this track down it's new owner, Henry J. Jackson, who we recognize as the getaway driver of earlier. Meanwhile, tipped off to the vehicle's location, Mattelli and Pope have the car pulled out of the Hudson River. However, before they can figure out who was driving, Shevvy and D'Salvio have tracked down Jackson to a whorehouse. D'Salvio smashes Jackson in the face with a glass and then beats him to the floor until Jackson is a bloody pulp. Before they leave, Shevvy is given Jackson's clothes and finds a note from a dry cleaners. The police find Jackson tied up in crucifixion and that he's been castrated. Pope and Mattelli try to get Jackson to tell them the identity of his killer in an ambulance, but Jackson is only able to scream in agony before he dies. Joe Logart (Bernard), who we recognize as one of the thieves dressed as a cop at the beginning, nervously sees the TV report of Jackson's murder. He is an employee at the same dry cleaner that Jackson had a note from. He goes to see the other, more trigger happy thief, Jim Harris (Benjamin), to let him know that he's going to try and leave the area. Logart suggests that Harris should escape as well, but Harris refuses and wishes Logart well. We find that Harris lives with his girlfriend and has told her about the robbery. Harris is a 42-year-old ex-con and tells her that there's no way he could make money other than by crime. Mattelli takes Pope to Doc Johnson's office. Mattelli warns Johnson "no more crucifixions!" However, Johnson is again unfazed and denies involvement in Jackson's murder. For Pope's benefit, Johnson announces that Mattelli has long since been paid off by Johnson for looking the other way in numerous crimes. Mattelli nearly attacks Johnson but sadly backs away. Johnson makes it clear that he no longer wants to deal with Mattelli and offers Pope to take his place. However, the honest Pope tells Johnson to take his money and "stick it up your ass". When Shevvy tries to manhandle Mattelli out of Johnson's office, Mattelli assaults him and beats him badly. However, Pope manages to pull Mattelli away. Logart, bags all packed, hails a cab. The cab driver acts suspicuously and calls into say that this be his "last fare of the night". Suddenly, two cars, containing D'Salvio, Shevvy and their henchmen, pull in front of the taxi. The cab driver runs off, but Logart manages to jump to the driver's seat and drive off. He runs down one of Shevvy's men and shoots another. Logart speeds off, but hits traffic with the two cars coming after him. Logart abandons the taxi and runs into an empty high rise being built. He manages to kill a couple more henchman, but Logart is soon surrounded and overpowered on one of the highest floors. D'Salvio and his men hang Logart by his ankles and swing him off the edge of the building. They threaten to let him fall to his death if he doesn't disclose the identity of his crime partner. He eventually does tell them about Harris, but D'Salvio still lets Logart die. Mattelli and Pope go to visit Jackson's estranged wife. They let her know that Jackson has been killed, but Pope claims it was in a car accident. When they question her about Jackson's associates, she recalls Jim Harris's name. Going through police records, Mattelli and Pope narrow the various suspects down to the most likely "Jim Harris". Mattelli soon offers to confess to his various illegal activities so Pope can take his position, but the angry Pope refuses, saying he wants to become Captain on his own terms. Harris leaves his girlfriend's apartment to go to an abandoned hideout nearby. However, he seems to have forgotten his medicine and goes into a seisure. When his girlfriend rushes to his hideout to give him his medicine, she is followed (without her knowledge) by Shevvy, who concludes that she must be going to see Harris. Shevvy and Johnson tip off D'Salvio to Harris's location, after which Johnson claims to know how this situation is going to turn out. The next morning, D'Salvio and a few henchmen go to the building where Harris and his girlfriend are hiding. D'Salvio knocks on his door and claims to be police. Harris immediately opens fire through the door, killing one of D'Salvio's henchmen. D'Salvio returns fire into the apartment, shooting and killing Harris's girlfriend. D'Salvio and Harris shoot it out through the hideout door. Harris eventually shoots D'Salvio and then knocks him over with the door, sending D'Salvio down the stairs to smash his face through a window . D'Salvio dies screaming. Harris goes out the street and mows down all of D'Salvio's henchmen with his machinegun. When a cop car pulls up, Harris also guns down both cops inside. Soon, the building is surrounded by cops, including Mattelli and Pope, and Harris takes refuge inside. The police trade fire with him until he is cornered on the roof. We see an unnoticed Shevvy crouched on the roof a nearby building, armed but seemingly enjoying the violent spectacle. Although Harris kills a few more cops, some snipers shoot him in the side and the arm. Harris throws his bag of hard-fought drug money over the side of the building into a crowd of onlookers, who fight over it. Mattelli climbs up to confront Harris, but lose his footing and is soon at Harris's gun point. However, before Harris can kill Mattelli, Pope arrives, shooting and finally killing Harris. Shevvy sets up his sniper gun on a mount and then shoots Mattelli. Mattelli falls into Pope's hands and dies.
tt0475783
Comedy,Drama,War
A U.S. Navy pilot, Neil Smith, is caught in a mysterious storm of butterflies and crash-lands his plane whilst flying over a remote part of Korea. He is found by local villagers who nurse him back to health. Within the small village(Dongmakgol), time appears to stand still. They have no knowledge of modern technology, such as guns and grenades. All villagers are unaware to the conflict within Korea. Meanwhile, not far from the village, a platoon of North Korean and South Korean soldiers have an encounter, and the ensuing gunfight leaves most of the North Koreans dead. The surviving soldiers from the North manage to escape through a mountain passage. The North Korean soldiers, Rhee Soo-hwa (Jeong Jae-yeong), Chang Young-hee (Lim Ha-ryong), and Seo Taik-gi (Ryu Duk-hwan) are found by an odd girl Yeo-il (Kang Hye-jeong) who acts crazy. She leads them to the village, where to their astonishment, they find two South Korean soldiers Pyo Hyun-chul (Shin Ha-kyun) and Moon Sang-sang (Seo Jae-kyung). The South Korean soldiers who, have both deserted their units had also been lead to the village which is housing the injured U.S. Navy pilot, Smith by a different villager. The unexpected encounter causes an armed standoff that lasts for several days. The villagers have no idea what the stir is about, and wonder why the two sides are standing there pointing those "sticks" at each other. The confrontation ends only when a soldier holding a grenade is worn by fatigue and accidentally drops it. Another soldier heroically throws himself onto the grenade, but it does not explode. He discards the "dud" over his shoulder in contempt, and it rolls into the village storehouse and blows up the village's stockpile of corn for the winter. The remnants fall down from the sky surrealistically as popcorn. The two groups of Korean soldiers and Smith now have to face the fact that their quarrel condemned the village to starvation in the following winter. They help the villagers in the fields to make up for the damage they have caused, and even work together to kill one of the wild boars that trouble the village. Tensions between the two groups of Korean soldiers gradually lessen, though members of both sides are haunted by the memory of terrible things they have experienced during the war. While this is happening, Allied commanders, who have lost several other planes in the area, are preparing a rescue team to recover Smith, whom they mistakenly believe has been captured by enemy units and is being held at a hidden base. The plan: when the rescue team finds and recovers Smith, a bomber unit is to fly in and destroy the anti-aircraft guns they presume are sited in the village, which means that the innocent villagers are now in grave peril. The rescue team, led by their commander (David Joseph Anselmo), drops in by parachute at night, suffering heavy casualties from the rough terrain. They enter the village, and under the assumption it is a cover for an enemy base, begin roughing up toward the villagers. Despite the efforts of the villagers to conceal the Korean soldiers by disguising them as villagers, a firefight breaks out in which all the members of the rescue team but one are killed and Yeo-il is fatally wounded by a bullet. The only survivor of the rescue team, the Korean translator, is hit over the head by Smith and is captured by the villagers. Through the translator, the people in the village find out about the bombing plan. The North and South Korean soldiers realize there is no time for Smith to make it back to his base to stop the bombing. The only possible way to save the village, they decide, is to create a decoy "enemy base" using equipment from the rescue team parachute drop, so that the bombing unit will attack them instead of the village. Smith is sent back along with the surviving rescue party member so that he can tell the Americans that there is nothing in the village to bomb, in case they decide to send more bombers. Meanwhile, the decoy is successful, and the remaining North and South Korean soldiers die smiling while a barrage of bombs explode around them. The village is saved, but at the cost of the lives of the former enemies who had later become friends.
tt0070212
Drama
It is set in Harry Hope's decidedly downmarket Greenwich Village saloon and rooming house, in 1912. The patrons, who are all men except for three women who are prostitutes, are all dead-end alcoholics who spend every possible moment seeking oblivion in each others' company and trying to con or wheedle free drinks from Harry and the bartenders. They tend to focus much of their anticipation on the semi-regular visits of the salesman Theodore Hickman, known to them as Hickey. When Hickey finishes a tour of his business territory, which is apparently a wide expanse of the East Coast, he typically turns up at the saloon and starts the party. He buys drinks for everyone, regales them with jokes and stories, and goes on a bender of several days until his money runs out. As the play opens, the regulars are expecting Hickey to turn up soon and plan to throw Harry a surprise birthday party. The entire first act introduces the various characters and shows them bickering amongst each other, showing just how drunk and delusional they are, all the while waiting for the arrival of Hickey. When Hickey finally arrives, his behavior throws the other characters into turmoil. He insists, with as much charisma as ever, but now lumped together with the zeal of a recent convert, that he sees life clearly now as never before, because he is sober. He hectors his former drinking companions that they are meaninglessly clinging to "pipe dreams" of some kind of positive change in their lives, while continuing to drown their sorrows exactly as before. (This is true; the ex-cop and carny hustler tell each other they will ask for their old jobs back on the police force or with the circus, the bartender says he will marry his prostitute girlfriend, etc., with seemingly no chance of any of this coming to pass. One character is even nicknamed Jimmy Tomorrow for his constant protestations.) Hickey wants the characters to cast away their delusions and embrace the hopelessness of their fates. He takes on this task with a near-maniacal fervor. How he goes about his mission, how the other characters respond, and their efforts to find out what has wrought this change in Hickey, take over four hours to resolve. Eventually, after most of the characters briefly leave the bar intending to show Hickey that they actually intend to accomplish their dreams, they all return and are even more upset with Hickey. Hickey, who had earlier told the other characters that his wife had died and that she was murdered, admits that he actually killed her. The police arrive, apparently called by Hickey himself, and Hickey justifies the murder in a dramatic monologue, saying that he did it out of love for her. The other characters conclude that Hickey is insane. Almost everyone remains at the bar. At the end of the play, the youngest character, Don, kills himself.
tt0070656
Fantasy,Horror
When the Mama Loa of a voodoo cult dies, there is an argument over who will succeed her. When the popular vote is for Lisa Fortier [Pam Grier], cult member Willis [Richard Lawson] vows revenge. In a misguided attempt to gain power over his enemies, he acquires the bones of Prince Mamuwalde, aka Blacula [William Marshall], and resurrects the vampire. Blacula vampirizes Willis and places him under his control. As vampirism spreads among the circle of friends and cult members, Blacula takes an interest in Lisa after meeting her at a party thrown by Lisa's love interest, Justin [Don Mitchell]. Justin is a collector of African art, and Mamuwalde sees, among other artifacts, a necklace once worn by his beloved wife, Luva. Blacula is interested in Lisa because he believes she can lift the curse upon him by casting a voodoo spell and performing an exorcism. Justin begins to work with the police in order to solve the recent spate of bloodless corpses and disappearing victims, and quickly makes the connection to Mamuwalde. Lisa is, at first, sympathetic to Mamuwalde's situation and agrees to go through with the exorcism, but they are interrupted by Justin and the policemen he has brought with him to eradicate the vampire. Infuriated that the rite of exorcism was interrupted, especially since it seemed to be working, Blacula goes on a rampage and begins to kill the policemen, eventually threatening Justin. Lisa is horrified and realizes she must stop Blacula. The film ends ambiguously as Lisa seizes the voodoo doll of Blacula, which she created for their exorcism, and plunges a wooden arrow into its heart over and over, while Blacula screams in agony.
tt0078259
Horror,Drama
A madman tells the story of how, using Aboriginal magic, he forced himself upon a musician and his wife in a lonely part of Devon, and displaces his male host.
tt0072274
Crime,Drama,Romance
In the 1930s Bowie (Keith Carradine), T-Dub (Bert Remsen) and Chicamaw (John Schuck) escape prison and begin robbing banks to get above the poverty that has saturated the nation and stay ahead of the law. They hide out with Dee Mobley (Tom Skerrit) and Keechie (Shelly Duvall) and later with T-Dubs in-law Mattie (Louise Fletcher) planning their next bank holdups and keeping abreast of the news by listening to the radio and reading the newspapers. Their bond as a gang is threatened by the constant more sensationally reported accounts of their exploits, which excites the gang but causes jealously in Chicamaw. When Chicamaw shoots a bank teller the act sobers the criminals as they are bumped up to wanted dead or alive. The gang separates, agreeing to meet later and plan another bank job but Bowie is injured when he smashes his car and Chicamaw takes him to Dee Mobleys so Keechie can nurse him back to health. Bowie and Keechie fall in love and the two envision a life together in peace if they can escape to Mexico. When T-Dub is killed by police and Chicamaw put in prison Bowie makes a daring act to get his partner out of jail, but abandons his former pal in an act of conscience. The law has tightened the net too much for Bowie and Keechie to see their dreams come to life.
tt0071408
Drama,Horror,Thriller
Set in the 1950s, a local reporter named Tom Sims (Leslie Carlson) narrates the story about Ezra Cobb, a mass murder and grave robber who lived in a small isolated town. Middle-aged Ezra Cobb (Roberts Blossom) helps operate a farm in the rural Midwest with his elderly mother, Amanda (Cosette Lee), a religious fanatic who has indoctrinated him since childhood to abhor women. Amanda dies following a protracted illness, and Ezra withdraws. Nearly one year after her death, he experiences auditory hallucinations that compel him to exhume his mother. He arrives at her grave one night and digs up her decomposed body, returning it to his home where he cobbles it together using discarded fish skin and wax. Ezra becomes acquainted with Maureen Selby (Marion Waldman), an eccentric middle-aged woman and proclaimed psychic. One night during a preemptive sexual encounter, he murders her, an event that sets him off on a chain of serial killings. He first sets his attention on a 34-year-old waitress, Mary Ransum (Micki Moore), whom he becomes acquainted with. He slashes her tires one night, leaving her stranded at the restaurant after-hours, and then appears under the guise of offering her a ride. She reluctantly agrees to ride with him to his house, where he says he has spare tires. After waiting in the truck for an extended period of time, Mary goes to look for him. In the house, she finds Ezra in a bedroom surrounded by the corpses of his mother and others, his face obscured with a mask made of human flesh. She attempts to flee, but he incapacitates her. Later, Mary awakens bound in a closet, wearing only undergarments. Ezra escorts her to the dining room, where he seats her at a table surrounded by corpses. He becomes aroused and begins molesting her, during which she convinces him to free her arms. She manages to smash a bottle over his head, but he beats her to death with a human femur bone. A short time later, Ezra visits his friend, Harlon Kootz (Robert Warner), at his house, and discusses Mary's disappearances. In conversation, Ezra references her "being over at his place," a comment Harlon takes in jest. Harlon's teenage son, Brad (Brian Smeagle), arrives with his girlfriend, Sally Mae (Pat Orr), who immediately catches Ezra's interest. He later visits her while she works her cashier job at a local store, and shoots her with a rifle; the bullet grazes her head, but does not kill her. Ezra places Sally Mae in the bed of his truck and drives away, but she awakens and escapes on foot, fleeing into the woods. She inadvertently runs over a bear trap earlier set by Harlon and Brad. The trap mangles her foot, and she attempts to hide amid-st the underbrush, but Ezra finds her and shoots her to death. Harlon and Brad return to the store and find blood and broken glasses at the cash register, but no sign of Sally Mae; Brad recalls to the sheriff that Ezra was the last person he saw at the store. Ezra brings Sally Mae's corpse to his farm, where he hangs it upside down in the barn and begins skinning the body. Harlon, Brad, and the sheriff arrive and find the dead body of Sally Mae in the barn. The they run into the house to arrest Ezra and find him in his kitchen seated at the kitchen table, laughing insanely over a bowl of blood.
tt0246772
Comedy,Romance,Drama
Martha is the head chef of a restaurant run by her friend Frida. Martha's sister and niece are on the way to visit Martha when an accident occurs killing the sister, leaving her daughter Lina unhurt. Because Lina has never known her father, Martha assumes responsibility for her, at least until Lina's father can be found and contacted. Lina proves to be a real handful, partly because of grief, but more because the accident wouldn't have happened had they not been on the way to visit Martha. As the result of Martha needing to spend increasing amounts of time coping with Lina's behaviour, her work starts to suffer, so another chef, Mario, is hired to ease her load. The problem is that Mario is highly skilled and appears to Martha to be edging her out, setting up an opportunity for rivalry to erupt. The film develops from this point, focussing on the attempts to locate Lina's father and the affect that Mario has on all around him. The new Catherine Zeta-Jones film "No Reservations" is a remake of this award winning film.
tt0073605
Comedy,Romance,Western
In rural Montana, friends Jack McKee (Jeff Bridges) and Cecil Colson (Sam Waterston) illegally shoot a steer on the large "B Bar Lazy T" ranch, cut the animal into pieces with a chainsaw, and give the meat to their landlady to cover that month's rent. Ranch hands Curt and Burt (Harry Dean Stanton and Richard Bright) find the remains of the steer and report the crime to their boss, ranch owner John Brown (Clifton James), who becomes enraged. He was once a successful hairdressing manufacturer in Schenectady, New York, but moved to Montana to purchase several ranches and consolidate them into the B Bar Lazy T. Now he roams his property in a private helicopter. Meanwhile, Jack introduces Cecil to Mary Fargo (Maggie Wellman), the sister of Jack's girl friend, Betty Fargo (Patti D'Arbanville), and they ride into the hills to round up horses belonging to the girls' father, Wilbur Fargo (Bert Conway). Pairing off, Jack and Betty have sex, while Cecil and Mary smoke marijuana. At the B Bar Lazy T, Brown's wife, Cora (Elizabeth Ashley), calls Burt and Curt to the ranch house to ask why they have not found the rustlers, then makes sexual innuendos and complains about their unresponsiveness. Later, Cora convinces her husband to "declare war" in the local newspaper because the rustlers have continued to pilfer their steers. The recent shootings make the front page. When Jack and Cecil attend a "Cattle Expo," Jack approaches Brown, who is exhibiting a $50,000 white bull, and asks a few innocent-sounding questions. Later, Jack and Cecil steal the bull, deliver a $50,000 ransom note to Brown, and hide in an abandoned barn while the money is delivered from the helicopter. After escaping with the $50,000, they give instructions for Brown to find his bull in the room of a local motel. Flush with cash, Jack and Cecil take separate vacations to their home towns. Cecil, a Native American half-breed, visits his father, Mr. Colson (Joe Spinell), on the reservation where he grew up. They fish in a local lake and reminisce, until the elder Colson wonders how Cecil, despite his chronic unemployment, is able to afford a boat and a pickup truck. Jack flies home to visit his wealthy family, but over dinner with his parents (Richard McMurray and Danna Hansen) and his former wife, Anna (Doria Cooke), unresolved disappointments arise. His parents leave the room in anger, Anna tries to rekindle their relationship, and Jack smashes the furniture, claiming she drives him crazy. Back in Montana, Jack and Cecil run into Burt and Curt at a bar and try to extract information about the ranch. Curt tells them Brown has called in a "stock detective" to track down the rustlers, then adds that he knows the guilty parties: "It's you," he says. Realizing they must recruit the ranch hands as partners, Jack and Cecil take them to a local bordello and pay for Burt and Curt to have sex with all the women there, at a cost of $350. The next morning, the four men discuss the ranch and agree to a four-way split of all proceeds. Meanwhile, Henry Beige (Slim Pickens), an aging, partly disabled detective, and his "niece," Laura Beige (Charlene Dallas), arrive at the ranch and move into private bedrooms. Beige confesses to Brown that he is good at his job because he was once a cattle rustler himself. Burt and Curt are both drawn to Laura, a young, sexy woman who feigns innocence but drinks whiskey from the bottle when nobody is looking. Later, as Cecil shoots a bull from Jack's pickup truck with his old Indian rifle, Brown's helicopter suddenly appears and gives chase. When the aircraft traps them, Burt and Curt reveal themselves as the pursuers, and tell Jack and Cecil they wanted them to see how poorly they planned their crime. Also, Curt says they have a better deal in the works. Later, Brown and Beige arrive to examine the bull's carcass. When Beige extracts the bullet, he recognizes it as a fifty-caliber round from an old buffalo rifle. Meanwhile, Jack and Cecil invite Betty and Mary to their house, where they have a catered dinner complete with a bluegrass band. The couples dance, become inebriated, and wake up in the morning, nude in bed. The girls' father, Wilbur Fargo, storms into the house, bringing his entire family to shame them. Jack fires his gun at Wilbur and demands he kneel down and beg for his daughters' forgiveness. Later, Cecil steals Wilbur's Lincoln Continental automobile, drives it onto Brown's ranch, and uses it for target practice with his buffalo rifle. When Brown finds the car and has it towed to the ranch house, he tells Beige the bullet holes in the metal must have been made by the same fifty-caliber bullets that killed his bulls. He berates Beige for not doing his job. Meanwhile, Curt courts Laura and praises her for being an old-fashioned, innocent woman. When he says he loves her and gently kisses her, Laura becomes sexually aggressive. Afterward, Curt tells Burt he plans to marry her. Meanwhile, after learning from a policeman that the Lincoln Continental belongs to Wilbur Fargo, Brown goes to Wilbur's house and guesses from the man's demeanor that he knows who stole the car. However, Wilbur refuses to say anything. At the dinner table, Brown announces that he will solve the crime and no longer needs Beige. The next day, Brown returns to Wilbur's house with policemen and has him arrested for rustling. Elsewhere, Jack and Cecil rent a tractor-and-trailer, drive onto the ranch, and round up more than a dozen head of cattle. As they drive away, however, they are blocked by Henry Beige, who is hosting a pie contest with half a dozen policemen and more than a dozen local women. The policemen arrest Jack and Cecil. Meanwhile, other police take Curt and Burt into custody. Back at the ranch house, Beige explains that cattle rustling is usually an "inside job," and all he had to do was wait for either Curt and Burt to make a mistake. Brown pays Beige for his services, and Laura says she is anxious to get her "cut" for learning the details of the theft from Curt. In the final scene, Jack and Cecil ride horses at a ranch. They pass a sign that says they are on the Rancho Deluxe prison ranch.
tt0074875
Drama,Horror,Thriller
David is a transfer student to Malibu Central High School. Upon arriving, he sees three bullies, named Bruce, Craig, and Paul, who order Spoony, a semi-skinhead and radical, to wash off a swastika he painted on his locker. The bullies inform Spoony that no forms of protest are permitted at Central High. Soon afterward, David meets Mark, an old friend who he once helped out of a jam at their previous school in Los Angeles. Mark tells David that the school can be like a country club for him if he becomes friends with Bruce, Craig, and Paul, the bullies who rule the school student body and are from wealthy and powerful backgrounds. Over the next few days, David becomes more and more alienated by the abrasive trio as he watches their daily routine. During gym class, they mock the slow-witted, fat Oscar who is unable to keep up with the other students. Later in the locker room, they hit Oscar with towels. David, at Mark's insistence, does not intervene. In the school library, the bullies taunt Arthur, the nerdish student librarian, and dump books all over him. David helps Arthur up after the bullies leave and offers his help to take them on. But Arthur tells David to stay out of it for he says, "we fight and lose our own battles". Later that day, David also witnesses the bullies wreck poor Rodney's car after he parks in their place in the school parking lot. David offers to help Rodney fix his car. Rodney agrees, but again tells David to stay out of Bruce, Craig, and Paul's path for he doesn't want them to be his enemies. Meanwhile, Mark meets with Bruce, Craig, and Paul in Paul's van after school where he tells them about David. But to Mark's worry, the three bullies tell him that they do not want to be friends with David and they do not want to associate themselves, nor interact and nor want anything to do with David. Mark tries to tell them that David is a good guy who can be a great friend and ally to them, but the bullies tell Mark that David looks like a trouble maker. They sternly warn Mark to tell David to stay out of their path. Mark begins to worry about his friend, but he tells the bullies that he will straighten David out. David's only other friend at the school is Teresa, who happens to be Mark's girlfriend. After Teresa and Mark quarrel over David hanging around her, she walks away wanting some space. After classes are let out for the day, the bullies spot Spoony's two girlfriends, Mary and Jane, and decide to rape them just for kicks. When Teresa catches them trying to assault the two girls, they spot her and throw her into a vacant classroom. David sees this and charges into the classroom. He single handedly beats up all three bullies before the rapes are accomplished. While Teresa is grateful to David for saving her, Mary and Jane do not thank him and tell David that he is now a marked man having crossed Craig, Bruce, and Paul. Humiliated by this latest encounter with David, the bullies approach Mark and tell him that he only has one more chance to talk to David to mind his own business. At nightfall, they drive down the Pacific Coast Highway where they find David's car. Venturing down to the beach to find David, Mark sees him with Teresa skinny dipping in the ocean. Filled with anger and jealousy, Mark goes back to the bullies in Paul's van and lies to them by saying that he tried to talk to David, but he wouldn't listen. The three bullies decide to take matters into their own hands. One evening, David is repairing Rodney's car when the bullies appear and kick the jack out and it lands on top of David, in which one of the wheels crushes his left leg. After several weeks in the hospital, David returns to school, now limping from a leg cast under trousers. But worse for David, he can no longer jog which is the one outlet for his anger. Most of the students avoid and snub David for attempting to make a stand against the bullies. Arthur tells David a great big "I told you so" about wanting to take on Craig, Bruce, and Paul. Even Mark is mean and nasty towards David for his flirtation with Teresa. When Mark confronts Teresa later and tells her that he saw her and David that night on the beach, she tells him about how David saved her from being raped earlier that day. She also tells Mark that although she really wanted to have sex with David that night on the beach, he refused to make love to her out of loyalty to Mark. Mark feels guilty over it realizing that he inadvertently got back at David for nothing. But David, having turned psychotic from this latest encounter, secretly plots to kill the three bullies in the same manner he believes they tried to kill him: by making it look like an accident. David begins his lethal plan of revenge when he breaks a cable on one hand glider to one of the bullies: Bruce. During the bullies Saturday hand gliding excursion, Bruce loses control of his hand glider when the cord for the steering breaks, and it rams into power lines, electrocuting him. Craig is the next victim when David intercepts a letter from the janitor to Craig about the school swimming pool being cleaned. That evening, Craig, a championship swimmer in training for the next Olympics, arrives at the school for his private practice sessions when David turns out the lights to the pool area. He tricks Craig into diving into the empty swimming pool. Paul is the final victim when David attacks him the following day in his van and rolls it down a cliff where it hits the rocks and explodes, killing Paul instantly. Mark arrives on the scene and discovers that David is responsible for Paul's death as well as Craig's and Bruce's as well. David challenges Mark to stop him, but Mark loves David too much to fight him. David, however, despite knowing that Mark knows the truth, agrees to let him live out of his love for Teresa. For a time, everyone at the school is grateful to David and is on friendly terms now that the three bullies are gone from their lives. But soon, they all tries to enlist the help of their hero and savior David so they can obtain power. From Arthur taking charge of the geeks, Oscar with the fat guys, to Rodney with the jocks, and Spoony with the punks, they take on one another for power. Soon, fights and arguments break out all over the school as Oscar, Arthur, Rodney, and Spoony quarrel with one another over territory rights. David, disgusted at the fighting and that the oppressed have become the new oppressors, plots to get rid of all the students. A few days later, David commences "the massacre at central high". Arthur is killed when David switches his hearing aid with another one that produces high decibel sonic pulses, which blow Arthurs eardrums out. Oscar is next when he opens his locker and a pipe bomb that David had placed earlier, explodes, killing him and several of his fat boy members. The students panic as more pipe bombs go off, killing and wounded many students. Rodney attempts to flee from the chaos in the parking lot by getting into his car and upon starting it, it explodes, killing him and a number of other jocks and other students with him. Only Spoony manages to escape and hides out in the wilderness with his two girlfriends, Mary and Jane. But David follows them and kills them as well by blowing up a face of a cliff and crushing the three of them in their tent under an avalanche of rocks. Mark, aware that David is behind all the carnage, tells Teresa that they must try to stop David before he kills more people for he has clearly been driven to the edge by everything that has happened. Mark gets a gun and with Teresa they go after David. They arrive at David's house and confront him in his workshop where he is constructing more pipe bombs. David challenges Mark to shoot him and put and end to his killing spree that he is now addicted to since he cannot jog anymore. But Mark can't do it. David then subdues Mark and locks him and Teresa in his workshop and goes to the school, where a student-alumni dance is taking place. David hides a large bomb in the basement of the school and plots to blow up the dance with all the remaining students and teachers inside the gym. Mark and Teresa manage to break out of David's workshop room and head over to the school. Realizing that the only way to stop David is by playing on his last sympathies he has towards them, they enter the gym where they party is being held and begin to dance. David sees them and tries to get them to leave the building before the bomb goes off. The refuse and dance, saying that if David really wants to kill everyone in the school, he will have to kill them too. Realizing that they will not leave and that both Mark and Teresa are sorrowfully willing to sacrifice their lives for him, David rushes (not very fast because of his limp) to the basement and retrieves the bomb. He takes it outside where it explodes killing him, and blasting out all the windows in the school and gym. Mark and Teresa agree to tell the police that the missing Spoony had planted the bomb and that David had given his life to save everyone.
tt0071275
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Four ruthless criminals wait outside the gates of a pharmaceutical company to steal the pay wages from an armored truck which will arrive at the gated complex. Upon the truck's arrival, the heavily armed thieves hold up the truck, killing a number of people in the process. But during the getaway, the thieves car is riddled with bullets from the company's security guards which kill the getaway driver, and damage the car so that it's leaking fuel. The clean-cut, cunning leader of the group, known only as Doc (Maurice Poli), and his two vicious and scruffy cohorts, the knife-wielding Blade (Aldo Caponi) and the hulking seven-foot tall Thirty-Two (Luigi Montefiori) are overjoyed at the stolen cash they now have. But when their car stalls in a downtown part of Rome, they are forced to flee on foot into an underground car park, persuaded by the police. The criminals grab two women as hostages, and when Blade accidentally kills one, the police, seeing the other female hostage Maria (Lea Lander) in danger, back away, allowing the criminals to steal her car and make an escape from the car park. Back on the street, Doc knows that its only a matter of time before a description of their new getaway car will reach the authorities, which will make it impossible for them to get out of the city. But the situation is resolved when they stop at a red traffic light, they hijack the car in front of them. The middle-aged driver of the other car, Riccardo (Riccardo Cucciolla) protests that he has to get his young child, a small, deathly-pail little boy wrapped up in a blanket, to the hospital. But the criminals, plus their female hostage Maria, force Riccardo to drive them out of the city. Once outside the city, Doc forces Riccardo to drive onto a local tollway to Naples which will lead them to their hideout outside that city. But aware that the police will be surveying the toll road for them, Doc forces Riccardo to turn around and exit the toll road, in which they decide to take a few secondary, but slower, roads to get to their hideout. During most the long road journey, Maria cannot stop herself from shaking and quaking with fear, which annoys Blade and Thirty-Two. Riccardo on the other hand, despite being somewhat unnerved and intimidated, takes what's happening to him very calmly. Doc, the most civilized of the criminals, is barely able to keep Blade and Thirty-Two in line who are both frequently fondling Maria who continues to tremble constantly. At a traffic construction site, Doc forces the group to roll their windows up, which attracts some attention for in the middle of a hot summer day, makes some of the motorists in front and behind them to question. But Doc has them roll their windows back down when it makes is look they might be made, and the group continues on. A little later, Maria ask Doc to pull the car over so she can relive herself. But she takes the opportunity to try to escape. She is perused by Blade and Thirty-Two, who chase to a farmhouse, which is unoccupied. Once Maria is re-captured, Blade and Thirty-Two torture the woman, both physically and mentally. Since she used the fact that she has to relive herself as a excuse to try to escape, they force her to urinate in front of them for punishment. Back on a main highway, Riccardo asks Doc if can pull into a rest stop for food and supplies, with Thirty-Two accompanying him, Riccardo buys some sandwiches, soda pop, while Thirty-Two buys a bottle of scotch. When a random woman at the rest area recognizes Riccardo, he manages to shake her off by saying that he's going on a picnic in the countryside with some friends. Back on the road, Thirty-Two becomes very intoxicated from the bottle of liquor he bought, and his actions begin to draw attention to the car from the other motorists. Doc and Blade try to control him, but he gets more and more out of control, and he attempts to rape Maria. Rather than risk attracting the attention of the highway police, Doc suddenly shoots Thirty-Two in the neck. Blade is completely shaken by this, but understands that Doc had no other choice. Thirty-Two does not die, but is completely helpless and immobile. Blade tries to help his friend by banding the bullet wound, but Doc knows that Thirty-Two is as good as dead. Soon after this incident, Riccardo tells them that they need to stop to get gas. However, when they finally reach a rural Esso filling station, the elderly attendant (Francesco Ferrini) tells them that he's on his hour break and won't help them for at least another 20 minutes. Doc, in a hurry to complete their journey, attempts to threaten the old man, who instead pulls a gun on Doc telling them that he was robbed the previous year and cannot be intimidated. Thinking quickly, Blade forces Maria to smooth things over by pleading with the attendant to come out and fill their car so they can get the comatose little boy to a hospital. The old man quickly relents and comes out to fill the car. But soon, another complication arises with the arrival of an overly cheerful young woman (Eriak Dario) who shows up at the station claiming that her car has broken down a kilometer away and needs assistance. Seeing the group, she pressures Doc to give her a ride to the next town where she is heading. When the woman opens the side door to the car, Thirty-Two's hand, covered with his own blood, slumps into view, the woman fails to see this, but the attendant does. Rather than risk a scene, Doc allows the woman to come along with them, and they drive off, with none of them knowing that the attendant saw the near-death Thirty-Two. The old man returns to his office with a shrug. The presence of this female hitchhiker is clearly annoying to Doc and everybody else since she cannot stop talking or ranting about how hot the day is and of the countryside. Ironically enough, the woman is also named Maria. But Maria the hitchhiker is a little too vivacious and outgoing, and her manner clearly has a grating effect on both the criminals and hostages. Maria the hitchhiker is completely oblivious to her situation and when she inadvertently removes the blanket covering Thirty-Two's neck, she notices the bullet wound. Blade kills the annoying hitchhiker by stabbing her in the neck with his signature knife. Doc forces Riccardo to pull over so they can dispose of the body. As the hitchhiker's body is thrown unceremoniously off a cliff, Riccardo helps Blade carry the still breathing Thirty-Two down the bottom of the cliff where Blade shoots his mortally wounded friend in the head to put him out of his misery. The group finally reaches their destination: a ruined villa just south of Naples where Doc has stashed a back-up car, carrying the appropriate papers that will enable him and Blade to leave the country. Riccardo and Maria are elated, but Doc reveals that he has no intention of letting them go for the hostages must be killed to secure their escape. Riccardo persuades Doc to let the little boy, who has been in a sedative-induced sleep for the whole duration, live. But Doc refuses and orders Riccardo to remove the little boy from the car. However, as Riccardo does so, he pulls out a gun hidden all this time in the child's blanket and shoots and kills both Doc and Blade, who fires off his machine gun fatally injuring Maria before expiring. With the tires of the car flat from the bullet hits, Riccardo moves the child to Doc's getaway car, and promptly steals the stolen money still clutched in Blade's fingers, and drives off. At a nearby rest stop, Riccardo, now alone, pulls over to make a telephone call. When a woman on the other end picks up, the film's big twist is when Riccardo says: "It's me again. I have something important to tell you. Yes, it's about your son. Yes, he's right here with me. Now, if you ever want to see him again... alive... it will cost you 30 million lire." Riccardo tells the sobbing boy's mother that he will call back to give her further instructions, and then hangs up. Riccardo casualty strolls back to his car, cheerily greeting a passing stranger on along the way. Upon opening the truck, the kidnapped child is shown, lying completely immobile as he has throughout the film. Riccardo gives the boy another shot of drugs to keep him sedated, closes the car truck, and drives away.
tt0088960
Comedy,Romance,Sci-Fi
Smitten by a female stranger, new graduate student, Boris Lafkin, follows the girl into the University Medical Center. There he catches the eye of Dr. Harry Wolper, a Nobel Prize-winning biologist who is seeking a student assistant. Harry promises to identify the girl if Boris forgoes his assistant position with Harry's rival colleague, Dr. Sid Kuhlenbeck, and comes to work for him. Harry vows to teach Boris "the big picture" while under his mentor-ship. When Boris accepts, Harry takes him to his off-campus laboratory and explains his experiment, "Lucy," named after his deceased wife. For the past thirty years, Harry has been cultivating her cells, attempting to bring her back to life. Although Harry does not really know the name of Boris' love interest, the boy still grows to admire his new instructor. When Harry needs a "sequencer" to continue his experiments, the two steal one from rival Dr. Sid Kuhlenbeck. Later, Boris learns that his father has passed away, and Harry attends the funeral with his grieving young protege. As Harry shares stories of his wife, Lucy, Boris expresses admiration for the doctor. With their partnership secured, Harry reveals that he has learned the name of Boris' flame: Barbara Spencer. In time, Boris sees Barbara on the street, and helps her carry a refrigerator to her new apartment. When Boris meets her roommate, Larry, he assumes the two are a couple, and becomes despondent. As Dr. Kuhlenbeck pries Boris for information about Harry's secret experiment, he reveals his intention to have Harry removed from his leadership position at the university, and transferred to an outlying facility where the elderly scientists teach. Meanwhile, Harry posts fliers seeking a female ovary donor to further his experiments. When he later consoles a crying young woman named Meli, who believes she may be pregnant but cannot afford medical testing, Harry offers to perform a blood test at no charge. Learning she is not pregnant, the grateful girl offers Harry one of her eggs and moves in to Harry's home. When Boris meets Meli and learns she donated an ovary, he believes Harry has gone too far. In turn, Meli confides her intention to marry Harry. Sometime later, Barbara seeks out Boris and explains that she no longer wants to live with her roommate, Larry, after he made sexual advances toward her. Boris offers Barbara temporary accommodations at his apartment while she looks for a new place to live. Feeling comfortable with her new friend, Barbara accepts his offer. Elsewhere, Harry asks Meli for a second egg, and she agrees, on condition that Harry gives their budding relationship a chance. At Boris' apartment, Barbara settles in, and the young man struggles to restrain his attraction to her. Later, Meli proposes marriage to Harry, but he refuses to take the young girl seriously. At a faculty dinner party, Harry introduces his colleagues to Meli, and the girl is mesmerizing. When Dr. Kuhlenbeck attempts to seduce her, Meli rejects him. Harry later shows his home lab to the chairperson of the Biology department, Paul, and shares his progress with resurrecting "Lucy." Paul, a close friend of Harry's, advises him to keep his ludicrous experiment to himself. In time, Harry invites Boris and Barbara to his beach house, where they fall in love. Boris proposes marriage while making love to Barbara, and she accepts. Back in Harry's lab, "Lucy's" fertilized egg begins to grow in a test tube. Paul and Boris congratulate the doctor on his achievement, but Meli is not pleased. Later, Barbara develops morning sickness, and she fears she is pregnant. Later still, Dr. Kuhlenbeck discovers the stolen lab equipment at Harry's house, and university officers repossess the contraptions, destroying the "Lucy" fetus in the process. However, some of her cultivated cells remain intact. Due to the incident, Boris anticipates being expelled and blames Harry for leading him astray. Meanwhile, Meli fights with Harry over "Lucy," chastising him for not accepting his wife's death. Heartbroken, Meli leaves her companion. Later, Harry accepts a transfer to the isolated research facility within the university, but first fulfills his obligation to give a presentation for Biology department financiers. Dr. Kuhlenbeck is furious when Harry successfully procures a large grant from the financiers, and learns the research funds will go with Harry to the outlying facility. Later, Boris takes Barbara to the hospital after she suffers pains and fainting spells. There, Dr. Kuhlenbeck examines her, and rushes her into emergency treatment when she falls unconscious. Barbara's parents arrive at her bedside and tell Boris how much Barbara loves him. Dr. Kuhlenbeck reveals that Barbara suffered a stroke and can no longer breathe on her own. Although she could remain alive in a coma for several years, Dr. Kuhlenbeck recommends that her parents remove her from life support. Devastated, Boris vows to protect Barbara, but her parents give permission to let her die. As Boris begs Dr. Kuhlenbeck to wait, claiming Barbara is not brain dead, Harry arrives to intervene. Bearing a letter from the university dean, Harry is given permission to conduct tests on Barbara for two more days, and enlists Boris' help. Ultimately agreeing with Dr. Kuhlenbeck's grave assessment, Harry extracts some of Barbara's cells and offers to use them to bring her back if she dies, but Boris is determined to accept her death, if it occurs. Forgoing science, Harry and Boris turn to prayer and the power of love to save Barbara. When Boris tells his mentor that he failed to learn "the big picture" because he was too caught up in his love for Barbara, Harry suggests otherwise. Harry leaves Boris to sit vigil at Barbara's side and searches for Meli, posting fliers around town declaring his desire to marry her. Harry speaks aloud to his deceased wife, and finally bids her farewell. Sometime later, Meli finds Harry at his beach house, and he throws the last of Lucy's cells into the ocean. They express their love for each other, and Meli agrees to marry Harry. Meanwhile, at the hospital, Boris pleads with Barbara to live. As Dr. Kuhlenbeck pulls Boris away, Barbara squeezes her lover's hand, proving she is still alive. When Dr. Kuhlenbeck removes her breathing machine, Boris is enraged, then realizes Barbara is breathing on her own. Looking for Barbara's parents to notify them of Barbara's recovery, Boris sees Harry, and the friends embrace. Sometime later, Boris returns to the hospital carrying armfuls of presents for Barbara. In the final scene, students flock to follow Harry to his new outpost within the university, and Meli tells him she's expecting a baby.
tt0071396
Horror
A man runs frantically down a deserted residential street at night, from some unseen threat. A doorway in a walled-in yard opens, and a girl wordlessly allows the man to come in. He collapses next a swimming pool, exhausted, and the girl comes to his side, seemingly to help him. Instead, she suddenly produces a strait razor and slashes his throat. A vague female figure walks down a long hallway, while we hear her voice narrating. She is Arletty (Marianna Hill), confined to a mental institution. She warns of a town called Point Dune, where the moon turned blood red and caused some kind of change to come upon the residents. "They'll take you one by one and no one will hear your scream!" she says. The movie proceeds in flashback, with Arletty narrating occasionally in voice-over. Arletty explains that she was originally travelling to Point Dune to make contact with her father, a painter who lived and worked there in a beach house. He had stopped communicating with Arletty after a series of letters that became more and more bizarre, as he seemed threatened by some unexplained illness or madness. On her way to Point Dune, she stops for gas at an isolated rural service station, where she finds the lone attendant (Charles Dierkop) firing a gun into the darkness at some unseen target. He holsters the gun and comes to pump Arletty's gas, when a pickup truck driven by an odd looking albino man (Bennie Robinson) also pulls up. While refueling the truck, the attendant surreptitiously looks under a tarp in the back and discovers two dead bodies, one with the eyes ripped out and the other being the man from the beginning of the film with the slashed throat. He says nothing, but tries to get rid of Arletty quickly, sending her away without even paying for her gas. Some time after she leaves, the attendant is murdered inside the service station when a strange figure (Willard Huyck) suddenly leaps out of the car he's working on. Arletty goes to her father's house and finds it abandoned. The walls are elaborately decorated with eerie murals depicting life-size human figures, and Arletty finds a journal her father kept where he discusses a sickness he seems to be enduring that borders on madness. Desperate to make contact with someone who may know his whereabouts, she goes into town the next day to an art gallery that used to sell his work, only to find that they now claim they never sold his art. The gallery curator refers her to three people who he says were just in the gallery earlier that day also looking for her father, and Arletty locates them at a local motel. They are Thom (Michael Greer), Toni (Joy Bang), and Laura (Anitra Ford), and when Arletty enters their room, they are interviewing a local vagrant (Elisha Cook, Jr.), who relates a story passed on to him by his father about a time when the moon turned blood red and caused the locals to revert to savage acts of violence. Thom presses him to elaborate, but he becomes afraid and leaves hurriedly. Thom explains to Arletty that he is a foreign aristocrat, a collector of regional legends, and a fan of her father's work. He says he stopped by the gallery and they had his work displayed in the window, but refused to sell it to him, which contradicts the gallery attendant's statement that they never carried her father's work. After Arletty leaves, she's stopped by the vagrant, who warns her that if she encounters her father, she must burn him in order to avoid becoming his victim. The next day, Arletty awakens to find Thom and the two women are in her father's house with her. Thom explains that the old man was found dead later that day, seemingly eaten by animals, and all the local motels suddenly refused to rent them a room, so they had nowhere to go. Arletty allows them to stay, and Thom seems to take an interest in her, which causes Laura to become annoyed. She tells Toni that she's leaving, and after setting out on foot, a vehicle stops to offer her a ride. It's the same pickup truck driven by the albino, with a small group of men sitting in the back who are staring emotionless up at the sky. Laura decides to accept the ride, but changes her mind once the albino pulls a mouse out of his pocket and eats it alive. She asks to be let out, and she walks the rest of the way to town on foot. She finds the town deserted, and she follows a lone figure into a supermarket. Unable to attract the man's attention, she follows him through the market until she discovers a group of townsfolk gathered around a meat cooler, ravenously devouring the raw meat like animals. They suddenly notice her and chase her until they have her cornered, dragging her to the floor and eating her alive. The next day, Arletty is summoned by the police to identify her father's body, which has been discovered on the beach. Arletty is distraught, but behaving strangely. Toni becomes bored, and Thom sends her into town with the car so she can go to the movies. Back at the house, Arletty discovers that she is bleeding from her ear, and she has a strange experience where she burns her hand on the hot stove but doesn't feel any pain. She confides in Thom that the body on the beach was not her father, something she knows because she didn't recognize his hands. Thom suddenly becomes concerned about Toni. In town, Toni attends a screening of a movie called "Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye". She buys a ticket from an attendant who barely acknowledges her, and finds the rest of the lobby deserted. The minute she walks in, the attendant puts up a "closed" sign, and the lights on the marquee are turned out. Toni finds the large theater empty except for one or two other patrons. Having a seat in the center near the front, she watches the movie while the camera reveals more and more of the ghoulish townsfolk gathering in the seats behind her, until the theater is nearly full. Finally two of the ghouls take a seat on either side of Toni, and she notices they are bleeding from the eyes. Suddenly she turns around and realizes just how many of the strange people are in there with her and starts to panic, rushing for the exits, which are now blocked from the other side. Trapped inside with the ghouls, the movie ends and the screen goes white, and suddenly they rush at her and eat her while she screams. Thom, who has arrived in town too late to help Toni, sees some of the strange townspeople. Two police officers arrive and order a small crowd of them to disperse, after which the crowd advances on them. They start firing into them, but the people are unaffected by the bullets. Suddenly, one of the officers starts bleeding from the eyes, somehow infected by the same thing the townsfolk have. The normal officer fires on him and runs off, but the other shoots him in the back. The mob descends on him and they eat his body. Thom runs off and is chased by a few of the mob. One of them attacks him and claws at his neck, but he is able to break away. He encounters a normal woman, but she transforms as they speak, bleeding from her eyes. Meanwhile, Arletty discovers that the signs of her infection have worsened. She pokes a pin into her leg and cannot feel it, and she vomits a horde of insects and lizards into the sink. Finding someone else in the house with her, she realizes it is her father (Royal Dano), who tells her that the townspeople have been infected by a century-old curse brought on by a "dark stranger" who rode into town on a horse 100 years ago. A survivor of the Donner party, this stranger brought with him a strange curse of cannibalism, after which he walked into the sea, promising to return in 100 years when the moon turned blood red. He warns Arletty to leave, but she refuses to go without him, at which point he becomes violent and tries to attack her. Remembering the words of the vagrant, Arletty sets him on fire and frees him from the undead curse. Thom returns to the house and discovers the charred body, at which point a terrified Arletty attacks him and stabs his arm with scissors. Thom manages to calm her and they bandage his wound, but ghouls start breaking into the house and trying to surround them. They escape to the beach, where they find others waiting for the arrival of the "dark stranger". Trapped by the mass of ghouls, they swim out into the water, where Thom drowns due to his wounded arm. The film ends with Arletty back in the institution, where her voice-over narration informs us the ghouls pulled her from the water and dressed her in a gown as an offering to the dark stranger, who returned as predicted. She says he let her go in order to carry his story to others, which is why she was institutionalized. Unable to convince anyone that she's sane, Arletty is forced to wait in the asylum until the undead infection that began in Point Dune reaches the rest of the world, plunging it into chaos and bloodshed.
tt0069994
Horror,Thriller
Dr. Stephens (Michael Harvey) presides over a small hospital for the insane; the asylum is a large three-story white house located in an isolated, rural setting. With only himself and a small staff to care for the patients, his approach to psychiatric care is considered very liberal. He allows the patients access to their individual manias, believing that by encouraging them to act out their inner conflicts, they can resolve them. As the film opens, he is working with a patient named Oliver Cameron (Gene Ross), a former judge who is obsessively striking a wooden log with an ax. Nurse Jane St. Claire (Jessie Lee Fulton) is inside the sanitorium packing her suitcase, as if to leave. She has a confrontation with a patient named Harriet (Camilla Carr), a young woman who carries a baby doll and believes it to be real. Harriet accuses Jane of wanting to steal her baby, and threatens to kill her if she does. Jane rushes outside to tell Dr. Stephens that she has decided to leave the sanitarium for good; she can no longer tolerate the madness that runs rampant there. As she is talking to Stephens, the Judge suddenly turns and strikes Stephens with his ax, felling him. Jane shrieks, but suddenly another woman rushes towards them; she is Dr. Geraldine Masters (Annabelle Weenick), and she tells Jane to go inside, she will take care of everything. Inside the hospital, Jane rushes to get her suitcase and leave, but Harriet appears. Her "baby" is in Jane's room, planted there by some unseen person. Furious, Harriet attacks Jane and kills her, strangling her and then slamming her head inside the suitcase. That evening, a new nurse comes to the asylum; young, pretty Charlotte Beale (Rosie Holotik). Dr. Masters seems hostile to her presence, claiming she was unaware that Dr. Stephens had hired her, and she tells her that Dr. Stephens has been killed by the Judge. Masters tells Charlotte that she can't have the job, since she was hired by Dr. Stephens and he is now dead. Charlotte is distraught, not only because the doctor has been killed, but she says she quit an important job at an urban psych hospital to take the job at Stephens Sanitarium. Masters suddenly changes her attitude when Charlotte announces that she will return to her previous employers and tell them about Dr. Stephens' death and ask for her old job back; admitting that the hospital is now understaffed, Masters invites Charlotte to stay for the time being and shows her to her room. Charlotte tries the phone and discovers it is out of order. The next morning, Dr. Masters introduces Charlotte to the rest of the patients and briefs her on their histories; Danny (Jessie Kirby) is a childlike, bizarre young man who plays pranks and giggles maniacally; Sergeant Jaffe (Hugh Feagin) is a disturbed Vietnam vet constantly on the lookout for the 'enemy'; Sam (Bill McGhee) is a large black man with the mind of an eight-year-old child after a botched lobotomy four years ago (that Masters claims she was a part of); Allyson King (Betty Chandler) is a nymphomaniac constantly in search of physical and emotional affection; Jennifer Downey (Harryette Warren) seems mostly catatonic until she randomly explodes with sudden violence. Judge Cameron went crazy due to the stress of his former job, Harriet believes her baby doll is a living baby, and the final patient is a senile old woman named Mrs. Callingham (Rhea MacAdams). When Mrs. Callingham is alone with Charlotte, she tells her that she is in danger and that she must "get out". Sam takes an immediate liking to Charlotte, but he talks about Dr. Stephens in the present tense. Masters tells Charlotte that Sam just has no concept of death, so Charlotte ignores Sam's remarks about his discussions with Dr. Stephens. Strange things continue to happen, however. Masters seems unconcerned about having the phone reconnected. Jennifer attacks Charlotte with a knife, which Masters also tries to brush over. Mrs. Callingham again tries to warn Charlotte about something, but she awakens the next morning with her tongue cut out; Masters tells Charlotte that the old woman did it to herself in a fit. Later that day, someone steals one of the patient files from the office and Masters finds it in Sarge's room; as punishment, she sets the paper on fire and places it in his outstretched palm, burning his hand as punishment. The paper has Masters' name on it. Suddenly an interloper arrives. Ray (Robert Dracup), a telephone repair man, has come to the house to find out why the service isn't operating. Masters tries to send him away, but when he says that he'll have to come back with more help, she relents and lets him examine the phone box, which is inside a closet. While he is in there, Allyson discovers him and comes onto him suddenly, in a bizarre fashion, demanding that he say he loves her. The scene ends suggesting they have sex. The next day, Charlotte takes Danny for a walk around the grounds of the asylum where he tries to make a move on her, but she rebuffs his advances. That evening, Danny attacks Charlotte while she sleeps with a knife, but the Judge stops him and tells him that he needs to restrain himself. When Charlotte discovers several vials of medicine missing from the medicine cabinet, she tells Dr. Masters about the theft. Masters finds them in Jennifer's room and places them back in the medicine cabinet, locking it up. When Jennifer sees her room ransacked and the medicine missing, she goes to Masters' office to try to break into the medicine cabinet to get more, but someone kills her by stabbing her in her left eye with a metal desk implement. A little later, Sam is cleaning up the kitchen area after dinner when he opens a closet door and discovers something. He goes to get Allyson and tells her he has to show her something. Allyson follows him and Sam takes her to find the body of Ray, horribly slashed to death. Allyson becomes hysterical, wailing about how he loved her. Charlotte finds Allyson sobbing in her room where she tells her that Ray was going to take her away from the hospital, but Masters wouldn't allow it; she killed him to keep order in the asylum. Charlotte denies this but Allyson tells her what she has failed to realize (and what we suspected) all along: Masters is simply another patient in the asylum. Allyson tells her that Masters was a former physician who made a fatal error during a procedure and went insane when her dream of becoming a doctor was denied. Dr. Stephens had been allowing her to pretend to be his colleague as part of her therapy. Charlotte is horrified to discover that she is the only sane person in the secluded hospital. The inmates all confirm this with Charlotte, and the Judge suggests that Charlotte herself is insane, acting out her fantasy of becoming a nurse (because Masters told all of them that Charlotte herself is a patient). Charlotte finds that she cannot escape the house; all the doors and windows have been bolted shut. In desperation she enters the dim basement, only to encounter a shadowy figure who grasps at her ankles. In terror, she bludgeons it to death with Sam's toy boat, only to realize that the figure was Dr. Stephens, wounded but still alive in the basement. Charlotte also finds the body of Jennifer. "Doctor" Masters confronts Charlotte and makes an attempt on her life. She has Sam (upset over Charlotte killing Dr. Stephens) take Charlotte upstairs to a vacant room where she plots to have Sam kill her. However, Sam has an change-of-heart and restrains Masters from harming Charlotte. Just then, the other inmates (Judge Cameron, Danny, Sarge Jaffe, Allyson, and Harriett) appear and attack Masters, revolting against her desire to keep them all under her command and of her inhuman treatment of them since Dr. Stephens death. Sam helps Charlotte escape through the basement and out the cellar door. While Charlotte flees down the road on foot in the pouring rain, Sam returns to find Masters dead; gorily hacked apart at the hands of the other inmates. In retaliation, he kills each of the inmates with an axe. In the final shot, Sam sits alone, the only survivor of the ordeal, eating a popsicle while covered in the blood of the dead inmates.
tt0105242
Horror
Charles Dexter Ward's wife enlists the help of a private detective to find out what her husband is up to in a remote cabin owned by his family for centuries. The husband is a chemical engineer, and the smells from his experiments (and the delivery of what appear to be human remains at all hours) are beginning to arouse the attention of neighbors and local law enforcement officials. When the detective and wife find a diary of the husband's ancestor from 1771, and reports of gruesome murders in the area begin to surface, they begin to suspect that some very unnatural experiments are being conducted in the old house
tt0094315
Drama
The events take place during a single summer day in Maine, in a cottage on an island. The camera stays indoors except when the characters take walks to the water. Two elderly widowed sisters are summering in the cottage, as they have done for 60 years. The sisters frequently relate events of the past to each other. Sarah Webber (Lillian Gish) is the older of the two, the owner, and is caretaker to her blind sister Libby Strong (Bette Davis). Every August, they have watched the whales passing in the nearby waters, but the sense is that this may be their last summer together. Sarah is living life the way it's important to her, friendly, attentive, gracious, worried about continuing to care for her sister. She cleans, makes beanie animals for the fall fair, cooks, serves meals and tea and keeps the house in order. Libby is contrary, cantankerous, and psychologically ready to die. Mr. Maranov (Vincent Price) is an old man originally of the Imperial Russian aristocracy who has been living in a rented room in the house of a neighbor woman who has recently died. Maranov arrives in mid-morning, announces his presence and makes small talk, asks permission to fish from their shore, and goes to the shore to fish, but he really is fishing around for a place to live. Joshua Brackett (Harry Carey, Jr.) is a noisy handyman man who drops in to offer to install a picture window. Joshua says he can get a good deal on the materials and can do the work in about two weeks. Libby brushes off the idea, saying they are too old for anything new. A neighbor and life long friend of the sisters, Tisha Doughty (Ann Sothern) shows up to gossip, complain about newcomers and losing her drivers license, and by the way suggests to Sarah that she might want to think of selling the old cottage and leave Libby's care to her daughter. Sarah is close to being convinced, until she remembers how Libby helped her when her own husband died. They guess that Maranov is trying to ingratiate himself with Sarah to see whether she will rent him a room, as he needs to move soon. There are quiet scenes in which Sarah talks to old photographs as she cleans or fixes up her hair and makeup. Later in the day, Maranov has caught some fish and offers part of his catch to Sarah. Sarah accepts, puts the fish in her refrigerator, and invites Maranov to come to dinner to eat the fish. Libby protests that she will not under any circumstances eat of that fish, nor get dressed for dinner. Sarah promises to fix a pork chop for Libby, as she is sweet in her sisterly devotion to Libby and avoids getting drawn into her moods. She always calls her dear. She brushes her hair, fixes breakfast for her, gets her clothes together and tends to the garden. "Busy, busy, busy" is how Libby talks about her, and irritatingly calls her Say-rah throughout. In a moving sequence, Libby brushes her own face with a lock of her husband's hairwhile sitting alone in her bedroom. Mr. Maranov arrives for dinner, dressed up as best he can, after having picked a few flowers, and the threesome have a candlelight dinner, during which Maranov entertains the sisters with stories from the old aristocratic days, exile in Paris, and his life since then. He has little money and has survived mainly on the kindness of others. The relatively pleasant dinner session comes to an end when Libby unequivocally announces that no way will they even consider letting Maranov live in their house. Sarah is shown in an emotional scene in which she celebrates her 46th wedding anniversary by having an imaginary conversation with her long deceased husband. "Forty-six years, Phillip", she tells him. "Forty-six red roses; forty-six white. White for truth--red for passion. That's what you always said--passion and truth; that's all we need. I wish you were here, Phillip." Tisha Doughty arrives together with Mr. Beckwith (Frank Grimes) in a vintage car. Beckwith is a real estate agent who believes that Sarah may want to put her house up for sale. Sarah, much annoyed at the suggestion, eventually orders Mr. Beckwith out, determined not to sell. Joshua Brackett the handyman returns to the house to look for a wrench he might have left behind earlier. He is constantly making a racket as he enters or leaves or rummages in the garden. Libby asks for Joshua to come into the house, asks questions about the proposed picture window, and announces that she and her sister have agreed to go ahead with the project. The picture window project is symbolic, in that Libby shows her first sign in possibly many years of not giving in to death. Sarah is delighted with the prospect of getting her picture window installed. Libby asks Sarah to walk her out to the point, the spot from which they used to watch the whales go by.
tt0071721
Crime,Drama,Thriller
After breaking up a group of white locals who are attacking an African American couple for sport, an Atoka County, Alabama, sheriff named Track Bascomb (Lee Marvin) visits landowner Breck Stancill (Richard Burton) to ask if organizers for the upcoming African American voter registration demonstration will be permitted to stay on his property. Sheriff Bascomb reports that townspeople are suspicious of Stancill's liberal beliefs, but Stancill expresses resentment toward the community for imposing their prejudices. Later that evening, on a nearby country road, a local couple named Bobby and Nancy Poteet have car trouble, and Nancy is raped by an unseen man when Bobby goes to town for a spare tire. Meanwhile, Mayor Hardy Riddle (David Huddleston) leads a Ku Klux Klan (KKK) meeting. Although the Klansmen want to use violence to prevent African Americans from participating in the voter registration demonstration, Hardy discourages murder and church burning. However, the mayor rails against the "Communist" agitators who are coming to town to meddle with local politics. Just then, Hardy receives news that Nancy was raped and the Klansmen plan to take revenge on Willy Washington (Spence Wil-Dee), an African American whom they assume is responsible. Sometime later, Sheriff Bascomb arrests Washington at a pool hall. Although Washington's friend, Garth (O.J. Simpson), attempts to fight the sheriff, Washington leaves with Bascomb when a gang of rifle-toting Klansmen pull up in a truck; Washington claims that he feels safer in police custody. Later that evening, the Klansmen take their aggression out on Garth and his friend Henry, who is shot dead while Garth gets away. The next day in jail, Washington tells Bascomb that he is innocent. Meanwhile, Stancill meets his African American friend, Loretta Sykes (Lola Falana), at the bus stop. Loretta has returned from Chicago, Illinois, to visit her ailing grandmother who lives rent-free on Stancill's property, but locals suspect that Loretta is involved with the voter registration demonstration. One day, Loretta is visited by civil rights organizers Rev. Josh Franklin (Robert Porter) and Charles Peck (Gary Catus), who recruit her into the movement. As she shows the men around Stancill's land, she points out a tree where Stancill's grandfather was hung by Klansmen for assisting African Americans. That night, Garth avenges Henry's murder by disguising himself in a Klansman's robe and shooting the red-robed Grand Wizard dead at a KKK rally. At the police station the next day, Bascomb evades questions from reporters and learns that Bobby Poteet is leaving town in shame over the violation of his wife by an African American. Later, Bascomb escorts Nancy Poteet from a church service, where she is shunned by the community. The sheriff convinces Stancill to host Nancy at his home so she will be safely removed from town, but Mayor Hardy warns Bascomb that he will not be re-elected sheriff if he continues his alliance with Stancill. Sometime later, Garth opens fire at the funeral of the Grand Wizard, provoking a gunfight and a car accident where several Klansmen are killed and wounded. Deputy Butt Cutt Cates (Cameron Mitchell) and the Klansmen raid Loretta's home, searching for Garth. Cates detains Loretta for conspiring with "Communists" and punishes her with rape. Meanwhile, Stancill dines at Bascomb's home and the sheriff warns his friend that his life is at stake if he continues to defy the KKK. When Bascomb later discovers Loretta raped and bleeding to death, he insists that she make a false report of the incident before taking her to the hospital to protect the integrity of his department. Although Loretta tells the doctor that she was violated by a group of African American men, she confesses to Stancill that Bascomb asked her to lie. Sometime later, at the voter registration demonstration, Garth kills another Klansman with a sniper shot and gets away undetected by hiding in Stancill's jeep. As Stancill drives Loretta home from the hospital, she reports her intention stay in town to prevent other women from being raped and Garth surprises them in the backseat. Garth holds Stancill at gunpoint and claims that African Americans will only achieve equality with an armed revolution, but Loretta says that his violent protests are ineffective. As Garth runs into the woods, he invites Stancill and Loretta to join his fight. Returning home, Stancill discovers that the Klansmen have killed his dog; he is comforted by Nancy and they make love. That evening, at the police station, Bascomb is held at gunpoint by the Klansmen, including Deputy Cates, who demand access to Willy Washington so they can lynch him. However, a young woman named Mrs. Shaneyfelt (Eve Christopher) shows up to exonerate Washington, claiming that she was with him the night of Nancy's rape, and her Klansman husband attacks her. Bascomb then goes to Garth's home, accusing him of Nancy's rape and the killings of KKK members, and orders Garth to leave town. Meanwhile, Stancill proposes marriage to Nancy, but the young woman wants to leave Atoka County and Stancill takes her to the bus station. There, the couple is confronted by Cates, but Nancy throws herself at the deputy and Stancill knocks him out before bidding his lover farewell. Sometime later, Mayor Hardy warns Stancill that the Klansmen will soon go after him, but claims that Stancill can save himself by evicting Loretta and other African Americans who live on his property. When Stancill refuses, Hardy alerts Bascomb to the attack, and the sheriff heads to Bascomb's property. As warning sirens are sounded by Stancill's tenants, Klansmen file from their cars and set fire to the surroundings with torches and burning crosses, but Bascomb announces that Stancill has agreed to leave the county and orders the men to give up their weapons. When Cates removes his hood, Bascomb calls out his intent to arrest the deputy for the rape of Loretta and charges the other men with violating the Constitution. However, Cates fires at Bascomb, prompting a gun battle that leaves Stancill dead. Garth arrives at the scene and aims his gun at a dying KKK member, but Bascomb prevents him from firing and places him under arrest. While Bascomb radios for help, Cates shoots the sheriff dead and takes over control of the KKK. Cates and the rest of the Klansmen proceed to kill Garth and all of the African Americans on the scene. In the aftermath of the massacre, the Klansmen have departed. Loretta appears and sets fire to the tree from which Stancill's grandfather was hanged.
tt0068458
Horror
Late one night at the Russell Square station in the London Underground, university students Patricia Wilson (Sharon Gurney) and her American exchange student boyfriend Alex Campbell (David Ladd) find an unconscious man (James Cossins) collapsed on the stairwell. Fearing the man may be diabetic, Patricia checks his wallet and finds a card that reads James Manfred, OBE. Alex and Patricia inform a police officer about Manfred, Alex and the officer return to the stairwell to Alex's surprise find that Manfred has vanished. Inspector Calhoun (Donald Pleasence) is assigned to look into the disappearance. Calhoun antagonistically questions Alex, who asserts the man was a drunk, and suggests he and Patricia robbed the man. While discussing the case of the missing Manfred, Calhoun's colleague Detective Sgt. Rogers (Norman Rossington) tells him about the history of the London Underground, particularly the Victorian railway workers who constructed the tunnels under dire conditions, and an urban legend that a group of descendants who survived an 1892 cave-in still live below ground in an abandoned section of the tunnels. Meanwhile, one of the last surviving members of a family of these railway workers (Hugh Armstrong) watches his sick, pregnant, female companion (June Turner) die; they have survived since birth in the underground by resorting to cannibalism of the railway patrons. In an empty chamber, Manfred's body lies, mutilated beside other decomposing bodies of various victims. The man laments the woman's death, as he is now left in complete solitude. The man goes into a rage and brutally murders three Underground maintenance workers in, taking one to his lair to feed on. Calhoun remains suspicious of Alex and Patricia, and calls Alex in for repeated interrogations. After seeing a film one night, Alex and Patricia take a train home and get off at Holborn station. While de-boarding, Patricia realizes she forgot her textbooks on the train. Alex attempts to retrieve them, but the doors close before he can exit; just as the train leaves, Patricia yells through the window that she will meet him at home. Once the train exits the platform, Patricia is attacked by the cannibal man and incapacitated. When Patricia fails to meet him at their flat, Alex seeks help from Calhoun, who is dismissive of him. Alex returns to Holborn station to search for Patricia, and enters the tunnel against the orders of a station attendant. He manages to breach an abandoned area of the Underground that had caved in, and finds the skeletal remnants of the miners who worked there over a century ago. Meanwhile, Patricia awakens in the cannibal's lair. She finds him to be aphasic and unable to communicate with her. When he begins grabbing her aggressively, she hits him over the head and manages to flee, escaping into a tunnel. He finally corners her and attempts to communicate with her, speaking in the only line that he knows: "mind the doors"- having heard the phrase repeatedly from train conductors at the tube stations. But the man becomes frustrated when Patricia does not reply and he violently attacks her. Alex stumbles upon the scene and begins fighting with the cannibal, stomping him on the head. Patricia, however, begs Alex not to hurt him, and they watch as the cannibal stumbles into a passageway. Calhoun, Rogers and several other police detectives who have entered the Underground discover Alex and Patricia. As they search through the abandoned section of the Underground tunnel, the detectives uncover a room full of corpses laid in bunk beds - the generations of survivors from the cave-in that occurred a century before. There they find the cannibal, bleeding profusely, and he collapses in front of them, apparently dead. The detectives return meet Alex and Patricia, who have been waiting outside the cannibal's lair, and they all head to the station platform to call in backup and a forensics crew. After they leave, the cannibal screams "Mind the doors!" revealing that he is still alive. End credits
tt0093227
Comedy,Horror
Harry Beckmeyer (Barry Otto), an Australian anthropologist, obtains film footage from 1905 which shows Australian Aborigines ceremonially sacrificing a wolf-like creature. Alarmed by the reports of a werewolf killing a man in Siberia, Beckmeyer tries to warn the US President (Michael Pate) about widespread werewolf attacks, but the President is dismissive. Meanwhile, Jerboa (Imogen Annesley), a young Australian werewolf, flees her sexually abusive stepfather, Thylo (Max Fairchild). After spending the night on a park bench near the Sydney Opera House, she is spotted by a young American, Donny Martin (Leigh Biolos), who offers her a role in a horror film, Shape Shifters Part 8. Jack Citron (Frank Thring), the film's director, praises her natural talent and hires her immediately. After Jerboa and Donny attend a film which depicts a werewolf transforming, she insists that "it doesn't happen like that" and admits she is a werewolf to an unbelieving Donny. After they have sex, Donny notices that Jerboa's lower abdomen is covered in downy white fur and a large scar. At the wrap party for the film, Jerboa is exposed to strobe lights which make her start transforming. She flees the party and is hit by a car. At the hospital, doctors find she has a marsupial pouch and striped fur on her back like a thylacine. Doctors also discover that Jerboa is pregnant and question Donny about her unusual anatomy. Beckmeyer's father disappears in the Outback shortly after recording a film of tribal villagers killing a werewolf. Three of Jerboa's sisters track her to Sydney and take her back to the pack's hidden werewolf town, Flow (wolf spelled backward). Beckmeyer and his colleague Professor Sharp (Ralph Cotterill) spend the evening watching a visiting ballet troupe practice. They witness the prima ballerina, Russian Olga Gorki (Dasha Blahova), transform into a werewolf, to the horror of her troupe. She is captured and taken to a laboratory but quickly escapes. She makes her way to Flow, where the pack wants her to be Thylo's mate. Jerboa gives birth to a baby werewolf which crawls into her marsupial pouch. Donny informs Beckmeyer that his girlfriend is from Flow and they attempt to find her. Jerboa smells Donny nearby and meets him at night. She shows him their baby boy and tells him about the impending danger; they flee to the hills. The next morning a government task force captures the werewolf pack. Beckmeyer convinces Olga to allow scientists to study her and Thylo. After Thylo is tortured with strobe lights to make him transform, Beckmeyer frees him and Olga. The trio escape into the Outback and find Kendi (Burnham Burnham), Donny, Jerboa, and the baby. Kendi summons the spirit of a phantom wolf which massacres hunters pursuing the group. Kendi is cremated, but the smoke alerts soldiers who are still in pursuit. Kendi's skeleton attacks the soldiers before being destroyed by a soldier's machine gun. At night, Thylo also summons the spirit and is transformed into a huge wolf who attacks the remaining soldiers before being killed by a bazooka blast that destroys the rest of the encampment. Olga and Beckmeyer fall in love and hide with Jerboa and Donny at an idyllic riverside camp. Eventually Jerboa and Donny leave, assuming new identities; the Beckmeyers remain behind to raise their daughter and newborn son. Sharp locates Harry and informs him that all lycanthropes have been given amnesty due to the crimes committed against them. The Beckmeyers move back to the city. Several years later, while teaching a class in Los Angeles, Beckmeyer is approached by a young man who introduces himself as Zack, Jerboa and Donny's son. Zack informs Beckmeyer that his parents are living in Los Angeles under new identities: Jerboa is now the famous actress "Loretta Carson" and Donny is the famous director "Sully Spellingberg". That night, Olga and Beckmeyer watch Jerboa win a best actress award on a television show hosted by Dame Edna Everage (Barry Humphries). As Jerboa accepts the award, the flashing cameras and stage lights cause her to change into a werewolf. Olga also transforms, to her husband's dismay. Jerboa goes on the attack as her sisters howl in glee; Sharp is seen in his living room smiling deviously. The final shot is of a thylacine, or Tasmanian tiger, a marsupial carnivore which was hunted to extinction by Australian farmers to protect their sheep.
tt0076809
Action,Adventure,Comedy
In Solana Beach, California, a baby named Jane disappears from a coastal park. Elsewhere, a local man is mysteriously pulled from his boat in the marina and his body later pops up, stripped of all tissue. That night, Sheriff Robards (Claude Akins) wants to keep the investigation under wraps to prevent people from jumping to conclusions. However, one of his officers wonders if the deaths are related to an underwater tunnel construction project, and veteran journalist Ned Turner (John Hudson) suggests a looming catastrophe. Ned works all night on his story and in the morning, his sister, Tillie (Shelley Winters), expresses her concern for his health. Later, Mr. Whitehead (Henry Fonda), the president of Trojan Inc., the company digging the tunnel, reads Ned's story in the newspaper and asks the project manager, John Corey (Caesar Danova), if there is anything connecting the company to the deaths; Corey denies the claim. At the coroner's office, a medical examiner confirms to Robards and Ned that both skeletons were stripped clean, but he has no idea how it happened. When Ned suggests bringing in marine biologist Will Gleason (Bo Hopkins), Robards tells him that Gleason has already sent two divers to explore the tunnel site. Later, Ned visits Gleason at his research facility, where he has developed a special bond with killer whales while studying them. Ned asks why Gleason did not personally investigate the deaths and learns that the marine biologist is recovering from a case of decompression sickness, also known as the bends. Meanwhile, Gleason's divers discuss Corey's attempted bribe to keep them from inspecting Trojan's operation on the seafloor. Their dive is later thwarted when they are attacked and killed by a giant octopus. That evening, at a restaurant, Ned confronts Corey, who refuses to be interviewed. Ned learns that Corey is there to meet with Will and his wife, Vicky (Delia Boccardo). Will tells Ned that the deaths of his divers have made the investigation personal for him. Later, at their hotel, Will promises Vicky that he will not dive deeper than 150 feet. The following day, Ned's sister Tillie registers her son Tommy and his best friend, Jamie, for an upcoming open-water yacht race. Meanwhile, Robards and Ned discuss what they know about the four deaths and Ned points out that there was radio usage prior to each fatality. During a dive, Will and his assistant, Mike, investigate the scene and discover dozens of dead fish on the ocean floor. Afterwards, Will hypothesizes that Trojan's illegal use of high-pitched frequencies is wreaking havoc undersea and a giant octopus may be responsible for the deaths. Elsewhere, Vicky's sister, Judy, and two friends, Don and Chuck, get lost on a sea cruise, where they are attacked and killed by the octopus. Meanwhile, Ned calls Whitehead for a reaction to the marine commission findings that attribute the deaths to the tunnel project; Whitehead warns Ned to get a good lawyer if he is going to make baseless accusations. That night, Vicky and two men search for Judy's boat and become victims to the octopus. The next day, Whitehead reigns in Corey, who admits that he has pushed Trojan's tests beyond legal limits to save time and money. At police headquarters, a grief-stricken Will shares his findings with Robards and Ned, and Ned asks if Will can kill the octopus. As the junior yacht race begins at the harbor, Robards orders the danger zone to be expanded beyond thirty miles and the race is halted. A Coast Guard helicopter warns the boaters to return to shore, but most of the boats capsize in the high winds and the octopus pulls Tommy and Jamie's boat under; however, two boats rescue the boys and return them to shore. Tommy is safe, but Jamie is not among the survivors. Later, Will and Mike enlist the help of their killer whales, named Winter and Summer, to track down the octopus. As their ship rocks and the whales appear to leave, Will and Mike don their scuba gear and enter the water. There, the octopus strikes. Will is pinned beneath rocks and loses his tank, but the whales return and attack the octopus while Mike shares his oxygen with Will and guides his friend to the surface. The whales continue fighting the octopus until they destroy it. Back aboard the ship, Will assumes the whales have left for freedom and tells Mike he is thinking of going on safari in Africa. However, Summer and Winter return to the ship and serenade the men.
tt0077743
Drama,Family,Sport
Velvet Brown, who gained fame in her native England for winning the Grand National horse race at age 12, gains custody of her niece, Sarah Brown, after the girl's parents die in a tragic car accident. Raised in Arizona, eleven-year-old Sarah moves to England to live with Velvet and her longtime boyfriend, John Seaton. Miserable, Sarah makes several unsuccessful attempts to run away. One day, she sneaks out of the house at dawn, provoking Velvet's panic. After calling the police, Velvet finds her niece in the fields, riding her beloved horse, "The Pie." Furious, Velvet warns that Sarah will be sent to boarding school if she runs away again. Over the next few months, Velvet laments her difficulty with the girl, who prefers to be left alone in her grief. Eventually, Sarah explains that her parents often traveled and left her alone, making her feel abandoned. She notes the irony that she is now alive because her parents left her behind to go on another trip. Observing that Sarah is passionate about horse riding, Velvet asks the girl to help care for The Pie. Sometime later, The Pie is officially "retired from stud" and Velvet takes Sarah to see the birth of his last foal. Smitten, Sarah watches the young horse grow and fantasizes about owning it. She works odd jobs around the house to earn enough money, but the foal's owner sells it. Later that day, Velvet and John surprise Sarah by revealing that they purchased the foal as a gift. Sarah names the horse "Arizona Pie." Over the next few years, Sarah and Arizona Pie grow and ride together and Sarah becomes obsessed with competing in the Olympics. Now a teenager, Sarah enters a local equestrian competition, hoping to impress the Olympic trainer, Captain John "J. R." Johnson. Sarah's smitten classmate, Alan Wilson, takes photographs, but she does not notice his attention because she is too disappointed about coming in second place. Later, Alan defends Sarah when his friends taunt her, calling her a "stuck up little cow." Alan refuses to join the boys when they chase Sarah and Arizona Pie with their car, and cause her to fall. The boys crash the vehicle and die in a fiery explosion. Despite the tragedy and her injury, Sarah is more determined than ever to make the Olympic team. Sarah cannot return Alan's affection, although she likes him as a friend. One day, Sarah asks Velvet why her aunt gave up riding, and Velvet mentions losing her nerve at the time her first marriage failed. Later, Sarah receives an invitation from Captain Johnson, inviting her to train as a possible candidate for the Olympic team. Impressed with Arizona Pie, Johnson informs Sarah she should start from scratch with her training, but warns that he is a tough coach, and expensive. Back home, Velvet and John promise to pay for Sarah's training, but privately struggle to find the means. Velvet later learns that John has been writing erotic novels under the pseudonym "Jack Delacroix" to earn money. During training, Sarah is lonely and worries that she is unable to make friends. One day, John tells Sarah that Velvet miscarried during her former marriage, when she fell from The Pie. Afterwards, she was unable to have children. Sometime later, Sarah is selected as an alternate on the British team for an upcoming U.S. competition in Ledyard, Massachusetts. On the airplane, "Gold Dust," the horse belonging to Sarah's teammate, Roger Peacock, becomes uncontrollable during severe turbulence, and they are forced to kill the horse. After the team lands, Scott Saunders, captain of the U.S. team, gives his condolences and impresses Sarah. The next day, Captain Johnson announces that Roger will ride Arizona Pie in the competition. Sarah objects, but the Captain reminds her that Arizona Pie is a team horse, and she has no say in the matter. That evening, as Sarah pouts in the stables, Johnson explains how important it is to sacrifice one's "vanity" for the good of the team. Johnson convinces Sarah to go to the dance given by their American hosts; there, Scott asks her to dance. At the competition, the British team loses. When Sarah returns home, she finds one of John's erotic novel manuscripts and expresses her disgust to Velvet, only to learn that the publications are paying for her training. A few months later, Sarah is selected for the Olympic team. At the age of eighteen, she is the youngest member to represent the British equestrian team. At the Olympics, Sarah learns that Johnson chose her to compete over one of her older teammates. Sarah runs into Scott in the Olympic village, tells him the good news, and they celebrate by spending the day together. During the competition, teammate Roger Peacock and his horse sustain injuries during the cross-country event and must withdraw, leaving Sarah solely responsible for scoring enough points to take the team into the finals. Velvet and John nervously watch the competition on television back in England. As Sarah runs through the course, she falls and injures her shoulder, but jumps back on the horse and completes the race in record time, earning enough points to send the team into the finals. Afterward, Sarah falls to the ground in excruciating pain. Sarah is later diagnosed with a dislocated shoulder and the doctor is unsure if she will be able to compete in the finals, which is several days away. That evening, Velvet urges Sarah not to push herself if it is too dangerous; the girl's health is more important than winning. On the day of the finals, Sarah begs Captain Johnson to allow her to compete in the jumping event, not wanting the whole team to be disqualified. Johnson reluctantly agrees, on condition that he will remove her from the event if her teammates do not place among the top three. When the team performs well, Johnson lets Sarah ride, and she earns the British team a Gold medal. Several months later, Velvet opines that Sarah never returned to England, but instead ran off to marry Scott Saunders. While Velvet walks on the beach, John arrives with a package from Sarah. Inside is Sarah's Gold medal with a letter. Sarah wishes to share her prize with Velvet because her aunt was disqualified from the Grand National for being female and underage. As Velvet cries, Sarah arrives unexpectedly with Scott, introducing Velvet and John as her "parents."
tt0340855
Biography,Crime,Drama
Aileen Wuornos, an aging prostitute, meets Selby at a bar in Daytona Beach. Self-absorbed Selby likes Aileen almost immediately; she likes that 'Lee' wants to attend to her hand and foot and take care of her. At a roller rink, Aileen displays her ability to ascertain men's abnormal sexual proclivities at a glance. They have a passionate encounter skating together and quickly become committed to one another, then move into a motel together. Always needing money Aileen works the highways. A john drives her into the woods and beats her unconscious, then brutally sodomizes her awake. Facing certain murder, Aileen breaks free and kills the man with her own gun. Empowered, she decides to quit prostitution. Any money is partied away as Aileen tries to find legitimate work. This is not an easy task; she has no qualifications or experience, and has a very bad temper, which she often displays during job interviews. Selby demands money just to eat, but also wants a home and vacations. Aileen inevitably returns to her trade, though the worm has turned. Now she stalks the johns and kills them for their money and cars as she tries to justify her blood lust as a victim of rapists and murderers. Selby's eventual realization of the truth drives a wedge between the lovers. The lovers part and Aileen is arrested. She speaks to Selby one last time, while in prison. Selby reveals incriminating information over the telephone and she realizes Selby is with the police. To protect Selby, Aileen states she committed the murders alone. During Aileen's trial, Selby testifies against her, with Aileen's loving consent. Aileen Wuornos was convicted, sentenced to death and executed by the state of Florida.
tt0418763
Action,Biography,Drama
The film begins with voice-over narration on a black screen, as Anthony Swofford (Jake Gyllenhaal), waxes philosophically about a soldier whose hands forever remember the grip of a rifle, whatever else they do in life. Swofford is then shown in a U.S. Marine Corps boot camp, being brutalized by a drill instructor in a scene reminiscent of Full Metal Jacket. After finishing boot, "Swoff" is dispatched to Camp Pendleton in 1989, where he is subjected to a cruel joke played on him by the senior Marines. This involves branding onto him the initials of the United States Marine Corps, USMC, with a hot iron. This is a popular tattoo amongst Marines. He faints upon sight of the iron. After regaining consciousness, he realizes to his relief that the senior Marines had switched the hot iron with another room temperature iron. He is greeted coolly by Troy (Peter Sarsgaard), who says to him, "Welcome to the Suck." Swofford comes across the charismatic Staff Sergeant Sykes (Jamie Foxx), a Marine "lifer" who invites Swofford to his Scout Sniper (formally the Surveillance and Target Acquisition) course. After arduous training sessions that claim the life of one recruit, he becomes a sniper and is paired with Troy as his spotter. Shortly after, Kuwait is invaded by Iraq and Swofford's unit is dispatched to the Persian Gulf as a part of Operation Desert Shield. Although the Marines are very eager to see some combat action, they are forced to hydrate, wait, patrol the nearby area and orient themselves to the arid environment. When some field reporters appear, Sykes forces his unit to demonstrate their NBC suits in a game of American football, even under the 112 degree heat. While the cameras roll, the game develops into a rowdy dogpile, with some Marines playfully miming sex acts. Sykes, embarrassed by his platoon's rude manners and poor discipline, removes the cameras and crew from the area; the Marines are later punished by being forced to build and take down a massive pyramid of sandbags in a rainy night. During the long wait, some of the Marines fear their wives and girlfriends at home will be unfaithful. A public board displays the photos of women who have ended their relationships with members of the unit. Swofford himself begins to suspect that his girlfriend is, or will soon be, unfaithful. The most public and humiliating of these befalls Dettman (Marty Papazian), who discovers an innocent looking copy of The Deer Hunter on VHS sent from his wife, which the men are all seated to watch, is actually a homemade pornographic movie tape of her having sex with their neighbor, apparently made as revenge for Dettman's own promiscuity. During an impromptu Christmas party, Fergus (Brian Geraghty), a member of Swofford's unit, accidentally sets fire to a tent and a crate of flares. Swofford gets the blame because he was supposed to be on watch, but had Fergus sit in for him. As a consequence, Swofford is demoted from Lance Corporal (E-3) to Private (E-1) and is forced to undertake the degrading task of burning excrement. The punishments, the heat and the boredom, combined with suspicions of his girlfriend's infidelity and feelings of isolation, temporarily drive Swofford to the point of mental breakdown. He threatens and nearly shoots fellow Marine Fergus. After the long stand in the desert, Operation Desert Storm, the coalition force's ground campaign, begins, and the Marines are dispatched to the Saudi-Kuwaiti border. Briefly before the action begins, Swofford learns from Sykes that Troy concealed his criminal record when enlisting and will be discharged after the end of hostilities. Following an accidental air attack from friendly forces, the Marines advance through the desert, facing no enemies on the ground. Casualties are taken when friendly fire from an A-10 close air support aircraft hits U.S. vehicles. The troops march through the Highway of Death, strewn with burnt vehicles and remains of charred bodies, a product of the bombing campaign. Later, the Marines encounter burning oil wells, lit by the retreating Iraqis, and they attempt to dig sleeping holes as a rain of crude oil falls from the sky. Before they can finish them Sykes orders the squad to move to where the wind prevents the oil from raining on them. While digging new sleeping holes, Swoff discovers Fowler has defiled an Iraqi corpse which drives Swoff to the point of wanting to fight him. However he merely takes the body and buries it somewhere else. Swofford and Troy are finally given a combat mission. Their order is to shoot two Iraqi officers, supposedly located in a control tower at a battle-damaged airport. The two take up positions in a deserted building, but moments after Swofford pinpoints one of the officers in his sights, another team of Marines appears and calls in an air strike. Troy, desperate to make a kill, pleads with the officer in charge (Dennis Haysbert) to let them take the shot. When his pleas are denied, Troy breaks down in a fit of despair and weeps. Moments later the airport is bombed by U.S. warplanes. Swofford and Troy linger at the site in a daze, losing track of time and missing their pick-up. With night falling, they try to navigate the desert but get lost. Distant cries in the darkness frighten them, and as they begin to sense that the sounds are coming from beyond a ridge, they ready their weapons and prepare to descend. They see an encampment in the distance, but on closer look they recognize it as their base camp, and the sounds as Marine voices. The war is over, they learn, and scores of Marines celebrate this amidst a bonfire. In a climactic scene Swofford tells Troy he never fired his rifle, getting a response of "You can do it now". He then fires a round in the air from his sniper rifle and the other Marines, who also never had a chance to fire their weapons, follow suit, emptying magazines into the night sky. On returning home the troops parade through the towns in a jovial celebration of victory. The mood is disturbed when a disheveled Vietnam veteran, possibly suffering from the memories of the conflict, jumps into their bus, and congratulates them all. Soon after their return home, Swofford and his comrades are discharged and go on with their separate lives. Swofford returns home to his girlfriend, but discovers her with a new boyfriend. Fowler (Evan Jones) is seen to be spending time with a girl at a bar, Kruger (Lucas Black) is seen in a corporate boardroom, Escobar (Laz Alonso) as a supermarket employee, Cortez (Jacob Vargas) as a father of three kids, and Sykes continuing his service as a Master Sergeant in Operation Iraqi Freedom. An unspecified amount of time later, Swofford learns of Troy's death during a surprise visit from Fergus. He attends the funeral, meets some of his old friends, and afterwards he reminisces about the effects of the war.
tt0426883
Biography,Crime,Drama
Alpha Dog is based on events that took place in 2000 and characters are given fictional names. The film is set in November 1999. It tells the story of Johnny Truelove (Emile Hirsch), a young drug dealer in Claremont, California and his circle of friends, which includes Frankie Ballenbacher (Justin Timberlake), Tiko "TKO" Martinez (Fernando Vargas) and Elvis Schmidt (Shawn Hatosy). The film demonstrates internal gang dynamics and social context that contribute to the events leading to kidnap and murder. Johnny's father, Sonny Truelove (Bruce Willis), supplies his son with marijuana, from which Johnny makes a fortune dealing and selling. Johnny owns his own house where he holds meetings and parties. Another associate of the gang is Jake Mazursky (Ben Foster), who owes Johnny a $1200 drug debt. After a failed attempt at asking for the money from his parents, Olivia (Sharon Stone), and Butch Mazursky, he goes over to Johnny's house where Johnny is having a party. A heated argument is held between the two, which results in a violent fight that Frankie and the gang break up. Jake tells Johnny that he'll never pay him the money. In retaliation, Johnny gets Jake fired from his job by ratting on him to his boss that Jake is on drugs. Later that night, Jake and his gang break into Johnny's house, stealing his flat-screen t.v., breaking his backyard window and defecating on Johnny's carpet. The next day, Johnny, Frankie, and Tiko decide to go to Jake personally and collect the money with the threat of violence. On the way, though, they stumble upon his brother Zack Mazursky (Anton Yelchin) and decide to kidnap him in broad daylight, throwing him into the van. Frankie is worried about the situation, while Johnny is thinking about what to do with him. Zack makes little effort to escape. Frankie offers him beer and cigarettes, which he accepts. During a street fiesta, Frankie offers him a chance to escape, which Zack declines, not wanting to cause him trouble with Johnny. The two strike up an unlikely friendship. Zack stays at Frankie's house for the night and even helps him with his chores. Zack meets some of Frankie's friends, including Keith Stratton (Chris Marquette), a young pot head, and even strikes up a relationship with Julie (Amanda Seyfried), the youngest member of the group. They all learn of Zack's kidnapping, yet do nothing as Zack seems cool with everything. Julie even refers to him as 'Stolen Boy', and thinks it's hot. Johnny comes over and contemplates with Frankie on what to do. Frankie grows nervous when Johnny asks Frankie about the possibility of having Zack killed, though he quickly dismisses it. Back at Zack's home, Olivia and Butch do everything they can to find Zack. Olivia grows angry with Jake when she learns he owed money to Johnny. Missing Person posters are put up. Johnny becomes increasingly paranoid about the situation. He calls Jake with the intent of explaining the situation, but learns that Jake already suspects it was him who kidnapped Zack and screams that he'll "rip his throat out and eat his heart". Johnny hangs up and calls his lawyer and explains the situation, which his lawyer replies that Johnny is looking at 25 years to life in prison for his actions. High with anxiety, Johnny seems to have made up his mind. The next night, while Frankie, Zack, and the gang are at a party at a hotel, Johnny approaches Elvis, who is in deep debt with Johnny, and offers to cancel the debt if he agrees to have Zack murdered. Elvis is skeptical at first, but agrees. Johnny gives him a TEC-9 pistol and leaves with his girlfriend. Back at the party, Zack loses his virginity when he has sex with Julie and her girlfriend, Alma. Elvis arrives at the hotel and explains to Frankie that he is taking Zack home, at which point the party ends and everyone leaves except for Frankie, Zack, Elvis, and Keith. Frankie is relieved to have Zack go home until Elvis reveals Johnny's plan to kill Zack. Frankie is enraged at Elvis, and angrily tells him he won't let him do it. Elvis instead takes Keith and they go to a remote location in the hills to dig a grave. When they get back to the hotel, Elvis tells a disturbed Frankie that they are all looking at life in prison if Zack goes home. Frankie sadly agrees and he, Elvis, and Keith trick Zack into thinking he's going home. Back at Johnny's house, his dad, Sonny, and their attorney confront him about the kidnapping. Sonny is furious with his son, and when he learns of Johnny's plan to kill Zack, he commands that he call it off, which Johnny refuses, believing that Elvis and Frankie aren't really going to kill Zack. Meanwhile, Frankie, Elvis, Zack and Keith arrive in the hills. They start walking up a hill. Zack is not aware of what's going to happen and is tricked into believing someone's picking him up. Zack grows little suspicious when a deeply saddened Keith silently tells Frankie he can't go through with it, and, after giving Zack a goodbye hug, goes to wait in the van. Realizing what's happening, a panicked Zack asks Frankie what he's doing, Frankie reassures him and the three continue walking up the hill. Zack sees the grave and begins to break down, sobbing and begging Frankie and Elvis to let him go. Frankie contemplates to Elvis that they shouldn't do it, but Elvis is keen on the job he's been given. Frankie calms Zack down and tells him that he would never hurt him, and ties a weeping Zack up with tape. He is astonished when Elvis knocks Zack into the grave with the shovel and ultimately fires at Zack with the pistol killing him. Frankie and Elvis then silently leave. Zack's body is found 3 days later. The epilogue shows the aftermath of the crime. Zack's mother, Olivia, is interviewed; she talks candidly about her failed suicide attempts and the loss that she has experienced from her son's murder. After being convicted, the gang members serve time: Tiko serving 9 years for the kidnapping; Keith serving at a juvenile facility until the age of 25 for digging Zack's grave and 2nd degree murder; Frankie serving a life sentence for the kidnapping; and Elvis on death row for murdering Zack. Johnny disappears and is finally arrested in Paraguay in 2005 after 5 years of being on the America's Most Wanted list. However, the real Johnny was arrested in Saraquema, Brazil.
tt0350258
Biography,Drama,Music
The film opens in 1948. Young Ray Charles Robinson (Jamie Foxx), the blind son of a sharecropper, boards a bus at a rest stop in northern Florida. Ray lies to the racist bus driver about loosing his sight at Omaha Beach in 1944 during the war to get a free ride. He travels to Seattle, Washington where he uses his unexpected talent for the piano to get a job playing for a nightclub band. The club's owner (Denise Dowse) soon begins to exploit Ray, demanding sexual favors and controlling his money and career. After discovering that he is being lied to and stolen from, Ray leaves the band in disgust. In 1950, Ray joins a white country band who make him wear sunglasses to hide his damaged eyes from audiences. They go on tour, and Ray is introduced to heroin. He also suffers from traumatic flashbacks relating to his childhood. The elder of two brothers, Ray is raised by a fiercely independent single mother, Aretha Robinson (Sharon Warren). The family is poor, but young Ray finds solace in music. He learns to play the piano from a man at a local store. At age five, Ray is playing with his younger brother George in front of their house when George slips into their mother's full washbasin. Ray laughs at first, thinking George is goofing off, but becomes paralyzed with shock as his brother's limbs thrash violently in the soapy water, scrambling to escape. Aretha rushes to pull George from the water, but it is too late. Ray feels immense guilt over his brother's death, and begins to develop vision problems soon afterward. By age seven, he is completely blind. His mother teaches him to be independent despite his condition, and makes him swear that he will never let the world "turn him into a cripple." Eventually, she sends Ray to a school for the deaf and blind, weeping as her only remaining son boards a bus and disappears. As Ray travels on the road, he demands to be paid in single dollar bills so no one can cheat him (since he cannot see the paper notes of the cash). We see another flashback of Ray playing with a country band and the man counting single $1 notes by implying they are $20 to pay Ray. Luckily another band member steps up and demands Ray be paid fairly. As Ray is becoming more and more popular with his music, a man from Atlantic Records discovers him. The man has written a song and offers to let Ray sing it. The song, "The Mess Around" becomes Ray's first hit. Ray ends up meeting Della Bea (Kerry Washington), a preacher's daughter. He falls in love with her, and the two get married. Della is not happy about Ray mixing gospel and soul music, but realizes he's got undeniable talent. Ray goes out on the road, and meets up with Mary Anne Fisher (Aunjanue Ellis), a singer who teams up with Ray. On a trip home, Della Bea finds Ray's drugs in his shaving bag, and demands he stop using. Ray refuses, and walks out on a pregnant Della Bea. Ray begins an affair with Mary Anne. As Ray's popularity grows, Ray gets a girl trio to become "The Raylettes". Ray immediately falls for Margie's (Regina King), the lead singer's charms, and the two begin an affair. Mary Anne grows resentful and begs Ray to give her a solo, which he does. Figuring now she's got her name out there, Mary Anne leaves Ray and his band, but not before throwing a brick through the windshield of his car out of jealousy over Ray and Margie. Another few years later, Ray is out on the road as a headliner, and one night while doing a set, the band finishes early. The owner of the club demands Ray fill the 20 minute slot he has left, and Ray makes up the hit "What I'd Say" on the spot. During the 1960s, Ray is becoming more and more popular. Ray is offered a better contract with another record label, and although he is loyal to Atlantic, Ray leaves them, but on amicable terms. Ray goes to Atlanta to play a concert, and encounters civil rights protests. Ray protests by saying that he will not play if the black concertgoers have to sit in the balcony. Ray ends up being barred from the state of Georgia. Another year or so later, Ray then wants to try and do different things with his music, and incorporates classical and country into his sound. Some of his biggest hits come from this mixture, such as "Georgia on My Mind" which Margie says will be Ray's downfall. Ray also records "I Can't Stop Loving You", for which he receives a standing ovation at one concert. While sleeping in a hotel room, Ray's sleep is interrupted by the police who burst in and arrest him. They tell him that they are acting on an anonymous tip that he has drugs in the room and are there to arrest him. Although heroin is found and Ray is charged with possession, he gets off on a legal technicality because the police didn't have a search warrant. Later, while in a hotel room with Margie, Ray is tinkling on the piano while she gets sick. Margie is pregnant, and demands Ray leave Della and his three children with her. Ray refuses, and Margie is angry. Ray tells Margie to keep her anger, while he literally writes "Hit the Road Jack" complete with Margie's solo. Now that she's got her name out there, Margie leaves the Raylettes to try and make a solo career for herself. Flashing forward another few years later in the early 1970s, we see Ray and Della Bea move into a huge new house with their kids. Della is uncomfortable in the new house. Ray has to go to Canada for another concert. But when he gets off the plane, he is arrested for possession of heroin at the customs booth. As a result, the Canadian authorities deport Ray back to the USA and his concert there is canceled. The record company has trouble getting him out of this trouble and a judge sentences Ray to go to a treatment clinic. Della and Ray fight about this and the phone rings. Picking up the phone, Ray learns from someone on the other line that Margie is dead... from a drug overdose. Ray swears to Della that he never turned her onto it and wouldn't let her use it when she was around him. Della says she will start sending money to Ray's child with Margie, but Ray tells Della he already sends him money. Ray goes to a rehab clinic where he suffers from withdrawals and nightmares. Throughout the movie, in flashbacks, we see how a young Ray slowly went blind nine months after watching his brother die. We see how his fiercely independent mother forces Ray to make his own way in the world and never to let anybody cripple or tell him otherwise just because he is blind. While at the rehab clinic going through painful heroin withdrawals, a now-grown Ray has a conversation with his dead mother, who chastises him for letting drugs cripple him. Ray tries to apologize, but his independent mother won't hear of it. Then his little brother George shows up and tells him that he doesn't blame him for his death. The movie ends in the year 1979 with Ray getting off drugs for good and receiving his proudest accomplishment. That same year, the state of Georgia officially apologizes to Ray and makes "Georgia On My Mind" the official state song. The movie ends with Ray, Della, and their three grown sons receiving applause after Ray performs the song before a live audience. The closing title card reads: This movie is dedicated to Ray Charles Robinson, 1930-2004. (whom died before the release of this feature film)
tt0096046
Action,Crime,Horror
Five criminals find themselves parachuting, with their "ill-gotten goods" into an abandoned cemetary. But this bone-yard is guarded by some nasty scarecrows, and they aren't made of straw. Another schlocky, fun "living dead" movie, the genre of which influenced Rob Zombie for "House of Wax".
tt0112461
Biography,Crime,Drama
In the first scene of the film Jim Carroll is being spanked in front of his classmates by his teacher. When the teacher is finished he tells Jim "We can do it again tomorrow if you like Mr. Carroll". After this Jim and his friends Pedro (James Madio), Mickey (Mark Wahlberg), and Neutron (PAtrick McGaw) are on the Staten Island ferry. They then sniff Carbona cleaning fluid to get high. After Pedro gets a little too high he accidentally pukes on another man's head. The man chases them as they make their escape to their high school where they play a match of basketball. During the match Pedro steals from the opposing team's locker. After the match their coach Swifty (Bruno Kirby) brings them for burgers as a reward for winning the match. At the restaurant the other team confronts them about the theft and then Jim and his friends assault them. Jim then visits his best friend Bobby (Michael Imperioli) in hospital who is dying from leukemia. Jim then takes Bobby to a strip show. Jim then meets Reggie (Ernie Hudson) and they play some basketball together. After this Jim and his main friends go to a cliff to jump into the river below it to prove they're brave. Jim and Mickey then go to prostitute twins Winkie and Blinkie. This is where Jim nervously tries cocaine for the first time. The next scene is at Bobby's funeral. When the funeral is over Jim and his friends go to the basketball court and talk about Bobby's life. Mickey says "That kid was in so much pain, it's better that he died" Jim disagrees with this and they get into an argument over it. Jim describes his first time using heroin. In the film he is seen running through a field of flowers to describe the immense pleasure he felt. In basketball practice Swifty takes Jim into the bathroom and offers him money in exchange for sexual favors. Jim refuses. Before a basketball game against Harlem High, Jim, Pedro, and Mickey pick pills from Pedro's hat, hoping they are uppers; Neutron is there, but he refuses the pills. Unfortunately, the pills are downers, and the boys are stumbling all over themselves on the court. Swifty pulls them out of the game and lectures them in the locker room, telling Jim he'll never play basketball there again. Jim and Mickey quit the team and drop out of school. Neutron stays. Jim's mother then finds the pills he has been using. They get into an argument and she kicks him out of the house for saying "F@ck off". In the next scene Pedro tells Jim and Mickey about this guy who he is meant to deliver a car to. They steal the car but when they go the man to deliver it to him they realize they parked it in a "No-Parking Zone" and they see the car being towed away. The man gets mad at them and breaks Mickey's arm. Jim, Mickey and Pedro break into a shop but they experience trouble getting the cash register to open. They hear the cops coming and Jim and Mickey escape but Pedro is too late and gets arrested. Jim passes out in the snow high off heroin and Reggie comes and takes him up to his apartment and forces him to detox. Jim screams in pain from the withdrawal and begs for some heroin. Jim and Mickey buy some heroin off a drug dealer but when they find out that the drug dealer ripped them off Mickey chases him across the town and up onto a roof and pushes him off. Mickey then tries to escape but is beaten up by a gang and then arrested by the police. Jim then goes to his mother's apartment and begs to be let in. She refuses and talk to him through the locked door. Jim tells her that he is in some trouble and needs some money and needs to get out of town for a bit. His mother then calls the police. Jim sentenced to six months at Riker's Island for assault, robbery, resisting arrest, and possession of drugs. He does the whole stretch. In the final scene Jim approaches the stage door to give his poetry reading. Pedro stops him and, to celebrate his release from Riker's, offers him a bag of dope. Jim refuses. The film ends with Jim reciting his work before an audience.
tt0073634
Comedy,Drama
Even as Lewis (Micheal Caine), catches his wife Elizabeth (Glenda Jackson), and his assistant Thomas (Helmut Berger), making love in the greenhouse adjacent to his mountainside expatriate estate in the south of France, he just seems bored and lifeless. Elizabeth and Thomas flee to the seaside with just the clothes on their backs. Thomas, is angered at Elizabeth for not taking enough money with her, and finds a new female beneficiary. While back at the palatial estate, Lewis finds out about Thomas' sordid playboy past (this should surprise no one by this point in the film), and heads down the mountain to save his wife from heartbreak and ruin. Clearly Elizabeth has had some influence on Thomas, as he seems to be falling in love. He uses his money to take care of Elizabeth. As Lewis travels to the sea, a mysterious stranger in a white Mercedes follows his black Rolls down the mountain. Lewis confronts his tail and discovers they are both looking for the same man. Lewis reaches his destination, along with the tail and both confront Thomas with Elizabeth looking on, and in an act of selflessness Thomas confronts his foe, and supplies Elizabeth with some papers or some such thing that would appear to be the keys to securing Elizabeth's future, rather than fleeing and saving himself. The camera closes up on Lewis with a tortured look, fade out.
tt0352248
Biography,Drama,History
The story takes place in New York and New Jersey during the Great Depression, a time when people experienced the worst economic hardship in U.S. history. James J. Braddock (Russell Crowe) was a light heavyweight boxer, who was forced to retired from the ring after breaking his hand in his last fight. His wife Mae (Renee Zellweger) had prayed for years that he would quit boxing, before becoming permanently injured. To support his family, Braddock works as a laborer at the docks, but he still has a dream to box. Several years after his last fight, Braddock's old manager wants him to be a last-minute substitute to fight against the second-ranked world contender. In this case, Braddock is one of those hungry fighters who astonishes everyone by winning the fight. Braddock is back in the ring and begins to win all his fights against younger, stronger, and heavier boxers. In a sports article, Braddock is named the "Cinderella Man" for his miraculous comeback. Braddock gets a chance to fight the heavyweight champion, Max Baer (Craig Bierko), for the title. Max Baer had killed two men in the ring, and everybody believed Braddock would be number three. As the underdog, Braddock became the champion of the downtrodden masses. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0195685
Biography,Drama
Desperate for work, unskilled Erin Brockovich (Julia Roberts), single parent of three, takes a relatively inconsequential job as a legal assistant in a California law firm for low wages. While organizing some paperwork pertaining to real estate cases, she is puzzled when she notices medical records in one of the files. On a whim, she does a little investigating of her own, and comes to suspect that land purchased by Pacific Gas and Electric (PG&E) is the same land on which chromium contamination resulted from PG&E's environmentally irresponsible actions. Examination of local water records and interviews with residents ill from exposure to poisonous chromium confirm Erin's suspicions, but pursuit of legal proceedings against PG&E would seem beyond the capabilities of the small law firm she works at. Still, Erin succeeds in making her boss, Ed Masry (Albert Finney), as passionate about the case as she is, and he takes it on. Both Ed and Erin must make great sacrifices in their lives, as the legal costs spread Ed very thin, and the round-the-clock work takes Erin out of touch with both her boyfriend and her kids. Erin's kids resent the lack of attention from her, and her attempts to explain the merits of what she is doing to her eldest son are futile ..... but, one day her eldest son happens across one of the many documents pertaining to the PG&E case. He reads of a child his own age who is very ill, and knowing that Erin's work will help this child, asks her why the child's mother cannot provide the needed help. When Erin explains that it is because the child's mother is very ill, too, her son, for the first time, appreciates the nature and importance of Erin's work. In the end, Erin's special ability to bond with the victims of chromium contaminaton and their families and Ed's legal and administrative prowess are the key ingredients to making the case against PG&E. As a team, they manage to successfully lay the groundwork for the payment of legal damages by PG&E to those harmed.
tt0070511
Biography,Crime,Drama
The movie opens with an offical explaining the facts of life to a group of prisoners. The scene switches to a city in France where a large group of men are being paraded at gunpoint through a street crowded with onlookers, police and media. A rich looking woman waves forlornly to a man wearing glasses. They board a freighter and are put in cells in the ship's hold. The men begin to talk about the short bespectacled man, Dega, who is said to be a reknowned counterfeiter, who may have a lot of concealed money. The prisoners begin their voyage and are shown in various daily routines. The blue-eyed man with a large butterfly tattoo, Papillon, has a knife, decides to befriend Dega and promises to protect him. Some men are seen to be getting ill and weak in the heat as the ship travels south. Papillon is tanned, fit and confident looking. Two men attempt to assault Dega during the night, Papillon manages to fight them off but is placed in irons. Finally the ship arrives at it's destination in French Guiana, the men see three small islands in the distance and mention they are high security prisons. While lining up to disembark one prisoner, Julot, a "two time loser", asks for Papillon's shiv and cuts his own knee, he pretends to fall down the gangplank and he is carried off on a stretcher. A young man walks into the ocean and is summarily shot and killed. The prisoners are marched through a town of onlookers, assembled at the main camp, Penetencier de st. Laurent, and told that if they try to escape they will get two years in solitary, a second attempt means five years solitary and a third attempt means the guillotine. They are issued red and white striped uniforms. In the barracks an older prisoner/trustee recognizes Dega and explains that an easy job is available for a price. A struggling prisoner is brought in front of the assembled camp and is guillotined. Papillon and Dega stick together, they have a medical exam and just before they are assigned to the easy work a senior guard says Dega's counterfeiting cost his family a lot of money and assigns them to a hard labour logging detail in the swamp. One day a crocodile attacks the group, Papillon and Dega are told to get it with their bare hands. They meet another prisoner, Clusiot, at lunch break who shares some quinine anti-malaria medicine. Next, the prisoners chase butterflies with nets. Dega catches a big blue one. Papillon approaches the butterfly buyer and asks for help to escape. Arrangements are made for two weeks later. Papillon tries to convince Dega to come also. Julot's corpse is brought in with his throat slit, Degas is sickened and causes a commotion, Papillon escapes. Dega gets new bifocal glasses. Papillon comes to the butterfly buyer's camp and is immediately taken at gunpoint, betrayed. He is taken to "Reclusion" and told the rules. He is placed in a small cell 5 paces wide and starts walking back and forth and do push ups. His food and water are passed in through a small hatch, despite the poor food he vows to eat all. One day he finds a piece of cocoanut in his water bucket and a note from Dega. Eventually the guards discover the extra food and try to find out from Papillon who arranged it for him. He refuses to talk and is placed on half-rations. Then his ceiling is covered and he is placed in almost complete darkness. Over time Papillon gets very weak and hallucinates, thinking back on a wasted life, later fantasizing about a triumphant return to France with Dega. He is near death and reduced to eating insects when suddenly he is released as his solitary period is ended. He is taken back to the main camp. Slowly regaining his strength he renews his friendship with Dega, who appreciates that Papillon never gave him up. In the hospital ward he notices a young prisoner, Maturette, who is molested by a trustee. Maturette admits he is homosexual and will help Papillon if he can come too. Papillon starts planning a new escape with the Maturette and Clusiot. A prisoner doctor says he can make suitable arrangements for a price. Dega refuses to go along but gives Papillon money and a map. During a band concert night the three try their escape, a guard is alerted and Clusiot is hurt. Papillon and Maturette get over the wall and encourage Dega to join them. Dega breaks his ankle when falling over the wall. The three escape into the jungle, they had paid 3000 to buy a boat but find the boat is useless. A trapper with strange facial tattoos shows them he killed two men who had been waiting for the three escapees. He helps them escape down the river to a leper colony. At the leper colony the leader tests Papillon by telling him to smoke his cigar. Papillon does so and the man says he has non-contagious leprosy. The lepers give the three escapees a boat and some money and the three sail off toward the Honduras. At sea they scavenge water and eat turtles, endure storms and heat. Dega's broken ankle gets worse, Maturette knows some medicine and tries to do first aid . Eventually they land on a sandy beach and are immediately confronted by a small group of Spanish-speaking soldiers. Degas lies there in the sand and the other two scatter. Papillon meets a Spanish prisoner and together they run off deeper into the jungle. The Spanish prisoner is impaled on a booby trap and Papillon is hit with a blowgun dart and falls into a river. He awakes in a village of primitive natives. They live in thatch huts on a beach, fish for pearls and a nubile young woman helps Papillon regain his strength. The chief has Papillon give him a butterfly tattoo just like Papillon's. One day he wakes up and the natives are all gone, they have left him a small bag with some pearls. Somewhere he gets newer clothes and appears to be a regular European tourist. At a border crossing he tries to join a religious caravan, they let him join them to cross. At the church, Papillon declares to the Mother Superior he is an innocent man who never killed anyone, he gives the nun his pearls in a show of good faith. Asleep on a clean bed, he is rousted awake and taken at gunpoint. The nun has betrayed him. Five years later(or more?), Papillon is released from Reclusion with white hair and looking very old. He meets a dying Maturette in the courtyard. He is taken to Devil's Island and assigned a cabin where he is told to fend for himself. He meets Dega who is also on the island and who has a tidy cabin, a carrot garden and a few pigs, but is a bit off, mentally. Papillon begins observing the waves and currents and begins planning another escape. He figures out that every 7th wave is big enough to carry a floating object out to sea. He fashions two large floats and seems to have Dega convinced to escape with him. When it is time to go Dega changes his mind. The two friends hug and Papillon jumps off a cliff into the ocean timing to meet the 7th wave. He is carried out to sea clinging to his float. A voice over says he makes it to freedom and outlives the prison. The final scenes are of the abandoned prison overgrown by the jungle.
tt0127536
Biography,Drama,History
The story of Elizabeth's ascendency to the throne, the plot of the movie is full of palace intrigues, attempted assassinations and executions. The movie starts with England divided by faith, Protestant vs. Catholic. The queen, Mary Tudor has no heir and her Catholic supporters fear the succession of her half-sister Elizabeth, a Protestant. They convince the queen to have Elizabeth arrested and put in the Tower of London but the queen hesitates and eventually refuses to sign her death warrant. It is announced that the queen is pregnant but it turns out to be a tumor and she dies of it a while later. Her Catholic supporters are forced to give the throne to Elizabeth. Elizabeth's first few years are shaky as she is not versed with the art of finesse and "rules from the heart instead of the mind". There is also the question of her succession as she is yet unmarried and her death without heir would mean the throne falling back into Catholic hands. She has many suitors but she eventually rejects them all. And aided by Sir Francis Walsingham she manages to kill all her enemies and ascends the throne as the "Virgin Queen."
tt0445990
Biography,Drama,Sport
Vince Papale (Mark Wahlberg) is a down on his luck 30-year old substitute teacher and bartender. His wife leaves him right when he needs the most support and leaves a devastating note that says, he will never amount to anything, never make a name for himself, and never make any money. Vince's buddies at the bar are all rabid Philadelphia Eagles fans, so when the new head coach, Dick Vermeil (Greg Kinnear), announces open tryouts for the team, they encourage Vince to give it a shot. Vince thinks they are just kidding around at first, but even when he realizes they are serious, he can't bring himself to take the idea seriously. He had never played college football. Vince's father, Frank Papale (Kevin Conway), tells Vince that he'd heard what the guys at the bar were trying to get him to do. His father tells him that he'd better just let that one go, as a man can only take so much failure at one time. That comment, along with the note his wife left him, provided the motivation Vince needed to go tryout. Vince is probably the most surprised of everyone, as he makes it past the first round of cuts in training camp. The coaches were impressed with his speed and effort. As the team gets deeper into training camp, and the beginning of the six game pre-season, Vince finds himself in uncharted territory. He continues to make it past each successive cut, and it actually looks like he will make the team. He has become an icon of hope for family, friends, and many of the Eagle's fans. When Vince goes to see his father and tells him he's worried about letting everyone down, when the inevitable cut comes, his father admits that when he told Vince earlier not to get his hopes up, that didn't mean his own hopes for Vince weren't high. When Coach Vermeil called for Vince to come see him as the last of the cuts were due, Vince was convinced he was being cut. Coach Vermeil had really been struggling with wanting to keep Vince on the team, but realizing the receiver that Vince was competing against was just a little better. Coach Vermeil even consulted with his wife, Carol (Paige Turco), about it. Apparently, it was Vince's intensity and character that won the day with Vermeil, and he welcomed him to the Philadelphia Eagles. He was #83. Vince develops a new love interest too. She's Janet Cantrell (Elizabeth Banks), the cousin of Max Cantrell (Michael Rispoli), the bar owner. Vince was as worried about messing things up with her, as he was with the Eagles, so he held back on his feelings, at least initially. Janet didn't endear herself to the boys at the bar when she revealed that she's a New York Giants fan. Coach Vermeil and Vince both are in the restroom throwing up, prior to the first game against the defending NFC champion Dallas Cowboys. It was nerves. There appears to be an unspoken understanding between Vermeil and Vince about their individual situations. They empathize with and support one another. However, that relationship is severely tested in the game against Dallas, when Vince had a bead on the Dallas kick returner, only to freeze and end up getting taken out by a Dallas blocker. Vermeil and the rest of the team were not happy with him about that. One Eagles player actually hates Vince so much, that he stares at him prior to the start of games just to get his mental state to the appropriate pitch. One of Vince's friends, and a regular bar customer, Johnny (Dov Davidoff), has been very antagonistic towards Vince during his attempts to make the Eagles. Max tells Vince it's because Johnny is afraid that Vince will leave them when he becomes successful. When Vince stops by to watch the old gang playing a sand lot football game, Johnny sees him and tells him his buddies could sure use some help. Vince tells him he has a game that coming weekend, so he can't play. He sits there a moment and reconsiders, going out in the rain, onto the muddy lot, and playing. As he throws a TD pass to Johnny, he seems much happier out there playing with his buddies than he ever was with the Eagles. Johnny was certainly happier. Vince settles down and adopts an attitude of "what will be will be," both with the Eagles and with Janet. His success on the field and with Janet improve exponentially. In a game against Janet's favorite team, the New York Giants, Vince tackles the kick returner inside the 15 yard line. On the next kickoff, he again makes a good play. As the game goes on however, Vince experiences tough times, especially on punt coverage, when the blockers get the best of him. As the end of the game approaches, and a critical punt for the Eagles is at hand, Vince picks up on a clue that the Giants will not be rushing the punter, so he doesn't stay in to block, but slips past the Giant's player across from him and runs full speed down field. He hits the Giant's kick receiver hard and forces a fumble, scooping up the ball and running for a game-winning touchdown. He is the hero of the game and now accepted as full-fledged member of the team. He goes on to be elected captain of the team before retiring. He also married Janet and had two children.
tt0081398
Biography,Drama,Sport
The film opens in 1964, where an older and fatter Jake LaMotta (Robert De Niro) practices his stand-up comic routine before his debut at a comedy nightclub. A flashback shifts to his boxing career in 1941 against his opponent, Jimmy Reeves, in the infamous Cleveland bout. Losing the fight by a fixed result causes a fight to break out at the end of the match. Jake's brother Joey LaMotta (Joe Pesci) is not only a sparring partner to him but also responsible for organizing his fights. Joey discusses a potential shot for the title with one of his mob connections, Salvy Batts (Frank Vincent), on the way to his brother's house in their neighborhood in the Bronx. When they are finally settled in the house, Jake admits that he does not have much faith in his own abilities. Accompanied by his brother to the local open-air swimming pool, a restless Jake spots a 15-year-old girl named Vickie (Cathy Moriarty) at the edge of the pool. Although he has to be reminded by his brother he is already married, the opportunity to invite her out for the day very soon comes true when Joey gives in. Jake has two fights with Sugar Ray Robinson, set two years apart, and Jake loses the second when the judges rule in favor of Sugar Ray because he was leaving the sport temporarily for conscription in the United States Army. This does not deter Jake from winning six straight fights, but as his fears grow about his wife, Vickie, having feelings for other men, particularly Tony Janiro, the opponent for his forthcoming fight, he is keen enough to show off his sexual jealously when he beats him in front of the local Mob boss, Tommy Como (Nicholas Colosanto) and Vickie. The recent triumph over Janiro is touted as a major boost for the belt as Joey discusses this with journalists, though Joey is briefly distracted by seeing Vickie approach a table with Salvy and his crew. Joey has a word with Vickie, who says she is giving up on his brother. Blaming Salvy, Joey viciously attacks him in a fight that spills outside of the club. When Tommy Como hears that the two of them rose fists in a public place, he orders them to apologize and tells Joey that he means business. At the swimming pool, Joey tells Jake that if he really wants a shot, he will have to take a dive first. In the fight against Billy Fox, Jake does not even bother to put up a fight. Jake is suspended from the board on suspicion of throwing the fight, though he realizes the error of his judgment when it is too late. This does little to harm his career, when he finally wins the title against Marcel Cerdan at the open air Briggs Stadium. Three years pass and Jake asks his brother if he fought with Salvy at the Copca because of Vickie. Jake then asks if Joey had an affair with his wife. Joey refuses to answer and decides to leave. Jake decides to find the truth for himself, interrogating his wife about the affair when she sarcastically states that she had sex with the entire neighborhood (including his brother, Salvy, and Tommy Como) and "sucked his brothers cock" after he knocks down the bathroom door where his wife is briefly hiding from him. Running straight towards his brother's house, he starts a fight with Joey. Defending his championship belt against Laurent Dauthuille, he makes a call to his brother after the fight, but when Joey assumes Salvy is on the other end, Jake says nothing. This drags Jake down to when he eventually loses to Sugar Ray Robinson on their final (very violent) encounter, letting Sugar Ray land several hard blows on him as punishment for what he did. A couple of years later, in the middle of a photo shoot, Jake LaMotta surrounded by his wife and children, tells the journalists he is officially retired and that he has bought a new property. After staying all night at his new nightclub in Miami, Vickie tells him she wants a divorce (which she has been planning since his retirement). Arrested for introducing under-age girls (posing as 21-year-olds) to men, he serves a jail sentence after failing to raise the bribe money by taking the jewels out of his championship belt instead of selling the belt itself. In his jail cell, Jake brutally pounds the walls whilst sorrowfully questioning his misfortune, as he sits alone crying in despair. Returning to New York City after serving his sentence, he meets up with his estranged brother Joey in a garage parking lot where they share a nervous hug. Going back to the beginning sequence, Jake refers to the "I coulda' have been a contender" scene from On the Waterfront complaining that his brother should have been there for him but is also keen enough to give himself some slack. Darting across the room at the information of the crowded auditorium by the stage hand, the camera remains pivoted on the mirror as LaMotta chants "I'm the boss" whilst shadow boxing. The film ends on an ambiguous note with a Biblical quote: "All I know is this: Once I was blind, and now I can see." -symbolizing that even men like LaMotta can be redeemed.
tt1135503
Biography,Drama,Romance
(NOTE: Julie & Julia is two stories in one movie: That of Julia Child, world-acclaimed chef, author and teacher; and Julie Powell, struggling would-be writer and student of Julia. The two women never meet, and their stories do not intersect.) The camera pans from a crane down to a shipping dock, where a French car with diplomatic plates and many boxes sit. Paul Child (Stanley Tucci) is driving his wife, Julia (Meryl Streep) into Paris, in the year 1949. They stop for a meal at a restaurant, and Julia is amazed at the taste of a fish that's been prepared for her. Julia is taken in at the sights of Paris and the home they will be living in. We switch to Queens, New York City, in 2002. A number of French cookbooks are packed into a box and placed in the rear hold of a compact Jeep. Julie Powell (Amy Adams) rides with her husband, Eric (Chris Messina), as they are relocating from Brooklyn to Queens. Eric reassures Julie that Queens will be beautiful, although the sight of the small walk-up located right above a pizzeria leaves Julie unsure. She lets her cat out and starts unpacking with Eric as the moving truck arrives behind them. Shortly after, Julie is in her kitchen making dinner. Some of the boxes and their contents are falling down from shelves on which they've been hastily placed. Eric again tries to reassure his wife; the apartment is still 900 total square feet, much bigger than their original apartment, and it's close to Eric's office (we could still renege on the lease and live in the Jeep, Eric jokingly offers). Julie walks to a train that brings her to Chambers Street in Manhattan, and her job doing customer service at the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation, not far from Ground Zero where the World Trade Center was recently destroyed. LMDC provides assistance to survivors of the disaster and their families, and Julie does her best to maintain composure among many angry clients that slog through bureaucratic inefficiency. Julie finds herself struggling with her own supervisor while trying to get some extra help for a woman whose young son breathed in contaminated fumes. Walking to the train station en route home, Julie passes by a store offering chocolate cream pie, and comforts herself in her kitchen by making one. Eric brings her a drink and licks the spoon clean. Julie likes to cook, feeling more in control of her life while in her kitchen, and Eric appears to be a doting and supportive husband. The next day, Julie meets some friends in a diner for lunch-- ritual Cobb salad day where they each order a Cobb salad, each holding on one different ingredient. Although she likes the three women she's dining with, Julie finds herself a little out of place, as each of them are in much higher-paying and higher-valued jobs than Julie is: one is a realtor, one is a corporate publicist, and one is a writer-- all three of them unable to get off their mobile phones with assistants or making memos. Annabelle (Jillian Bach), the writer, arranges to meet Julie for breakfast to interview her for an article she's writing on their current generation that's just turning thirty. Julie's face is shown as one of four on the front page of New York magazine, for Annabelle's article, "Is 30 the new 20?" Browsing at a bookstore, Julie fumes over the portrayal of her in the article, particularly how her life has not been the upwardly-mobile, story-of-success that many of her college classmates thought was in her future. Again, she comforts herself in her kitchen at home, where she feels in control. Talking with Eric as she cooks dinner, Julie notes that Annabelle is writing a blog about herself online. Eric encourages Julie to write one for herself, as unlike the novel she stopped working on halfway when no publisher was interested, with a blog, you can publish yourself. The question is, what to blog about that anyone would be interested in following. A blog is something Julie would do to escape the hum-drum of her job, like she does with cooking. As an editor, Eric feels she's onto something: blog about cooking. Julie, an admirer of Julia Child, doesn't think she's a match for any acclaimed chef... but comes up with a challenge for herself: to cook her way through one of Julia's cookbooks. Julie reminiscing about her mother making one of Julia's recipes for dinner when hosting the boss of Julie's father, makes Eric smile. The two watch one of Julia's videos later and Julie is enchanted at watching one of her idols at work. Eric starts coming on to his wife as the video ends. Julie decides to go through with the project of cooking all the recipes in Julia's signature cookbook, Mastering the Art of French Cooking. She wants to give herself a deadline, as a motivator to finish the project. Although Eric's suggestion of one year seems daunting, as Julia's book has 524 recipes, Julie decides to go through with it. Eric helps her set up the blog, which Julie names, 'The Julie/Julia project.' Julie's Day 1 of the blog is August 11, 2002. Julia Child shops in an open-street farmers market in France. Although Paul writes to his brother that the French are famously grouchy, Julia proves otherwise in her interactions with many warm, large-hearted Parisian villagers in the suburban parts of the large city. Both Paul and Julia are American-born, but Julia has taken to Paris as if she'd been raised there. Paul works as an exhibits officer for the U.S. government, and he and Julia are having dinner at a cozy restaurant after a successful arts exhibit Paul hosted. Julia has also worked for the OSS, like Paul, but has left that behind and is looking for something to do with her life. Many French women are homemakers, something Julia is not content with. When Paul asks what Julia really likes to do, she laughs, embarrassed, as she says she enjoys eating. Julia tries a number of hobbies, including lessons in hat-making, playing bridge, and French books and learning to read and speak French, particularly after being unable to find a French cookbook written in English. While she and Paul are dining with friends, he gives her a cookbook as a birthday gift, although, like all French cookbooks, it's written in French. Paul is supportive of all Julia does, including her lessons in speaking French. As the two ready themselves for bed, starting to feel romantic with each other, Julia has an idea of going to cooking school. Julie has started the cooking project on August 13th, and she and Eric are loving the results. They're eating well, and Julie discusses her love of butter, a key ingredient in French cooking-- several one-pouund sticks are at the front of her refrigerator. The first couple of weeks go smoothly, and cooking Julia's recipes brings Julie much-needed respite from her day job. She spends a large portion of her most recent paycheck at the local Dean & DeLuca's. Julie's mother calls to ask about the blog, and tries to dissuade her. Julie makes a mistake in telling her mother that the blog is all she has, while Eric is close enough to overhear. Julie continues working, and together with Eric and Sarah (Mary Lynn Rajskub), Julie's sister, finally makes a poached egg, which tastes far better than Julie feared any egg would ever taste. Five weeks into the project, Julie feels great and is energized to continue, although she wonders if anyone is reading and has noticed her. She's excited at finding she has a comment, but is disappointed when it's just her mother asking if anyone else is reading the blog. Julia has enrolled in the famous Le Cordon Bleu cooking school, but feels the first lesson on boiling eggs is too basic. Madame Brassart (Joan Juliet Buck), the headmaster, says there's one other class available, but it's expensive, and 'for professionals--' are the other pupils are male GI's. Julia enrolls, and struggles at first; the head chef patiently showing her how to hold and work a knife to chop onions. Julia practices on a batch of onions at home, making Paul wonder if Julia is more occupied with proving she can hold her own against the men pupils who don't appear to take her seriously. Perhaps she is-- Julia is very pleased with herself as she begins matching and outpacing the other pupils in the class, and her instructor praises her. Julia writes about her progress, three weeks later, with a close pen-pal, Avis De Voto. She's loving her classes, slowly winning respect from her classmates, and having the time of her life, even though Madame Brassart appears to dislike Julia very strongly. She enjoys spending time in the streetside farmer's markets the way most American women love shopping for dresses-- although, as the 6'2" Julia notes, nothing local comes big enough to fit her. Julia knows she's found her career, and almost faints in ecstasy as Paul buys her a cooking mortar and pestle, something her instructor said was critical in proper cooking. Hosting friends for dinner on Valentine's Day, Paul and Julia talk about their past diplomatic work in the OSS, where they met while both stationed in Ceylon. Paul suddenly brings up the day he knew that Julia was the love of his life, and makes a toast to her that brings Julia to tears of joy. A scene where Paul writes a letter to his brother while watching Julia cooking at home, now with the precision and speed of a master, transitions into Julie reading something to Eric, that Paul overheard Julia say about cooking cannolis. Julie's blog is starting to slowly gain attention and more people are commenting. A number of people, who have become fans of Julie's, are even sending her non-perishable goods to use in her cooking project. By 47 days into the cooking project, she completes 65 recipes. She continues working, cooking and blogging even while at home with a cold, and Eric helps her with some of the projects. 59 days in, she's completed 87 recipes, and a week or so later, 103 recipes. Julie is saving some of the more daunting recipes for later, including lobster thermidor. which Julie particularly frets over as it involves buying fresh, live lobsters at a fish shop. Julie finally cooks the dish on her thirtieth birthday, and Eric again helps her when she freaks out over the live lobsters knocking the lid off of the boiling pot. For the birthday party, Julie talks about letters that Julia wrote to Avis, and that Paul wrote to his brother; much of the correspondence never having been discarded and eventually put into memoirs. Julie's sister and brother-in-law suggest she place an application on her blog that will accept monetary donations via Paypal, if any interested readers and fans of her blog were so inclined. As a birthday gift, Eric gives Julie an imitation pearl necklace, which resembles one of many real ones Julia often wore. Julie falls asleep on the couch and Eric lets her sleep there when he goes to bed. The next day at work, Julie finds 53 comments from readers on her lobster blog, much to her delight-- and it gets better when Eric, at first posing as a crank caller as a joke, tells her that her blog is the third most popular in a recent poll on the website salon.com. Julia is at a social event where she is introduced to Simone Beck (Linda Emond) and Louisette Bertholle (Helen Carey), who she learns are writing a cookbook for Americans; something that piques Julia's interest. Julia is ready to graduate Cordon Bleu, but can't get Madame Brassart to schedule the test-- Brassart, who Simone calls a 'bitch,' is probably the only person who detests Julia; a feeling Julia considers mutual. Simone and Louisette assure Julia that getting the diploma is not something she really needs in order to teach cooking. Julia mentions that her pen-pal, Avis, tells her the same thing, but Julia is conventional enough to want the diploma anyway. Simone and Louisette come up with the idea of writing Madame Brassart a letter in which Julia would boldly state that the American ambassador is displeased with Brassart's dragging her feet on the final exam. At first, Julia is too embarrassed at the idea, as she doesn't truly know the ambassador. But finally she writes the letter, and Brassart issues the exam-- but craftily ensures Julia fails by writing the French names for several recipes Julia has to write out; French names the American woman still isn't familar with. Simone and Louisette arrange for Julia to request to re-take the exam while helping them teach a class for Americans living in Paris. This is something that Brassart, when she learns of it, finds very funny. Julie makes a late January 2003 entry in her blog about aspics; a beef-flaved gelatin mold that, from the description, doesn't sound appealing to her... not to mention, she messes up while making them. This leads to an argument with Eric. A few days later, she has another accident while preparing another dish and gets emotional again. But as Julie lays on the floor and cries, a reporter from the Christian Science Monitor calls and Eric tells Julie that the reporter wants to write an article about her. Stunned, Julie gets up and takes the call, and is even more amazed when she learns she's been invited to host a particular guest for dinner one night. Julia is with Simone and Louisette, setting up the kitchen where they will be teaching. Soon they're tutoring three American women who pay $2 an hour-- barely covers the expenses, but "Les Trois Gourmandes," as Julia tells her sister, Dorothy, in a written letter, are enjoying being culinary teachers too much to care. The only downside is Louisette starts to have 'headaches' and doctor's appointments, and misses out when Dorothy (Jane Lynch) comes to France to visit Julia and Paul. Of course, a bistro is the first place they take Dorothy to, where they talk about Julia's love of food and fine dining, vis-a-vis their father's wish that the two sisters could have married Republicans and settled in Pasadena; as Dorothy, a woman every bit as tall as Julia, notes, women their size simply didn't fit in. But Julia and Paul know a man even taller than Dorothy is; someone they plan to introduce to her at a party... which backfires, because by the time the man arrives, Dorothy has struck up a conversation with a man named Ivan Cousins (Michael Brian Dunn), who's several inches shorter than Dorothy... and the two fall in love and soon are married. This brings Julia and Paul into contact with Julia and Dorothy's father, John McWilliams (Remak Ramsay), who doesn't care for either of his daughters' marriages. Only a short time after Dorothy and Ivan have returned home to America, Julia gets a letter telling her that Dorothy is pregnant... something that moves Julia to tears, as she is already past child-bearing age, and her one regret is that she and Paul couldn't have children of their own. Julia gets other news lunching with Simone and Louisette: their cookbook was turned down by publishers, who have suggested they bring in a collaborator who could make it work for American cooks; translating some of the words and terms into something Americans who have no training in French, can more easily understand. Julia, of course, is delighted to work with them in doing so. Julie writes in her blog about the dinner guest she's hosting, inviting her readers to guess who it is. Despite a few clues, nobody is correct, so Julie reveals that she's hosting Judith Jones, who, as an editor with the Knopf publishing company, helped get Julia's signature cookbook published. In honor of the occasion, Julie will be making boeuf bourguignon; the same one of Julia's recipes that Judith cooked herself in order to put the cookbook to the test, a little over forty years before. Julie will be hosting Judith at ten P.M., and so begins cooking the dish at the same time the previous night; watching a Saturday Night Live (1975) episode that pokes fun at Julia's cooking TV show, The French Chef (1962) while waiting. But again, Julie falls asleep on the couch after the show ends, doesn't hear the timer going off, and is awakened by the sound of a fire engine, realizing she's burned the dish. Julia is starting work on reworking the cookbook when Paul presents her with a serious question. Julia would need about two years to finish, and Paul's current assignment at the Embassy will only continue for eight more months. He's nearly certain he will be transferred out of Paris at that point. Still, they both agree, they have some time yet before they have to worry about it. Julia begins work and sends parts of the book to Avis as she completes them. Julia and Simone go to visit Louisette who introduces them to Irma Rombauer (Frances Sternhagen), who wrote the famous cookbook, The Joy of Cooking. Irma's story, about having been swindled out of a lot of royalty money by a publisher who claimed the copyright for themselves, gives Julia a lot of concern about how to get published. But Paul is holding a letter for Julia, from Avis, which, when Julia opens it, finds that Avis showed the manuscript Julia had sent her, to an editor at Houghton-Mifflin, who is interested in publishing the book and is offering a $250 advance, with $500 more when the book is first published. Julie writes about her blunder with the boeuf bourguignon in her blog, and that the stomach cramps made her call in sick (Eric admonishes her to write that she went right to bed for several hours, in case someone at her job reads the entry). Julie waits until noon to buy the ingredients to make the dish again, along with raspberry bavarian creme for dessert. Come early evening, Julie is ready to host Judith... only to find that the rainy weather, which the now, much older Judith can't travel in, has forced a cancellation of the dinner. Worse, another fight with Eric starts when he starts to eat some of the dish and then puts some salt on it, which Julie takes as a sign that he thought it was bland. The argument escalates over Eric having come to regret suggesting the blog project, as Julie has become self-absorbed in it to the point of narcissism. Eric grabs a few things and leaves the house. Eight months have passed for Julia and Paul, and he's being transferred to Marseilles, as a Cultural Affairs Commissioner for southern France. She tries to be brave about it, but is devastated at leaving a city she's come to love dearly. Soon enough, they're in Germany, and the deadline on their book has to be extended two more years. Paul is then called to Washington, which he's nervous about, although Julia tries to imagine they'll promote him and send him back to Paris. Meanwhile, Julia and Simone have decided that Louisette has been too inactive a partner for an equal royalty share, and they want to renegotiate the split. It starts to go badly when Louisette reveals her husband is leaving her, and finally Simone has to do what she first thought she couldn't. Julia then finds out the price of her naivete; Paul was called to Washington to be investigated by some of Senator McCarthy's cronies. He's acquitted of any kind of charges, but is emotionally drained and weary from the fiasco. He has one more posting and then plans to retire, and wonders what to do from there. Now it is Julia being supportive and brave for Paul, after all the times he was for her. Julie wakes up alone and writes in her blog, though she reconsiders and removes the part about Eric walking out on her after the fight. She writes she's taking the Bavarian cream to the office-- only to find she didn't pack it properly and it soaks through the bag while she's walking past the World Trade Center Memorial, splattering along the ground. If that wasn't enough, Julie's boss finds out about her little deception over the stew and figured out that she lied about calling in sick. He tells her that he's forgiving her and letting her keep her job, with no disciplinary action, but makes it clear that the blog is not to include anything regarding her day job with LMDC in the future, and she needs to tell him the whole truth next time. After meeting Sarah at a bar and talking with her, Julie writes in her blog that she realizes that despite having some things in common with Julia, she's come to understand that she hasn't lived up to Julia's standards in a lot of ways. She realizes Julia never lost it after not making something right, and Julie owns up to having behaved very badly to Eric, saying that right now, she doesn't deserve him after all the support he gave her. She calls Eric, though he doesn't answer, but then he reads her blog entry. Julie's mother calls and encourages Julie not to give up on the cooking project, saying it would be good for her to finish. Julie gets out of bed and goes to the supermarket to pick up some food to prepare. As she returns, Eric is coming back home, and they reconcile. Julia is with Simone at a train station in Boston where she'll be meeting Avis De Voto (Deborah Rush) for the first time. They'd been writing for eight years as pen-pals, as Julia tells the story, but this is their first time meeting. Avis brings them to the offices of Houghton Mifflin, where they're told the cookbook is too long to interest American housewives-- not to mention, it's not even the whole work. They are asking for revisions to be more appealing to American women who don't have anyone to do the cooking for them. Avis tells Julia and Simone they'll sent the work to another publisher and cut off talk with Houghton-Mifflin, although Julia feels they do need to condense and shorten the manuscript-- something Julia will be able to work on while she and Paul are in Oslo. A montage of scenes are shown showing Julia cooking more dishes and typing, and Julie cooking those same dishes for the project and continuing to blog. Julie hosts Amanda Hesser (played by herself), from the New York Times, for dinner and to talk about the blog and about her cooking. Julie is fifteen days shy of the one-year deadline, wih twenty-four recipes to go, including boning a duck. After the project is over, she and Eric plan to visit the Smithsonian Museum which has a full-size and scale replica of Julia Child's kitchen from her home in Cambridge, MA, where she and Paul lived after returning to America. Julie sees the article in the Times, including a photo of her, several times while on her way to work and at lunch, and is pleased. She brings home a stack of copies of that day's Times to find sixty-five messages on her answering machine; her name has exploded onto the map and people are lining up to talk about representing her and helping her write a book based on her blog. But the moment is tempered by bitter news from Barry Ryan, from the Santa Barbara News-Press, who's writing an article about Julia Child's 90th birthday. Barry brings the news that he's asked Julia Child about Julie's blog-- and Julia was 'in a pill about it,' and Barry is asking if Julie has any comment. Julie takes the call, and after finishing it, miserably tells Eric, "Julia hates me." Paul comes home and finds a morose Julia looking at a letter from Houghton-Mifflin. The difficulties in publishing a manuscript as large as Julia's, has her wondering what to do with herself now, if she can't publish her cookbook. Paul reminds her that she's still a teacher, and although she finds the idea more funny than inspiring, Paul insists she can host a television show on cooking. Her husband's gentle insistence that her work is going to make waves and inspire people, makes Julia feel much better and she rests her head on his chest. Meanwhile, Avis, undeterred by the reluctance of Houghton-Mifflin, submits the cookbook manuscript to the Alfred A. Knopf publishing company. One of the senior editors brings the manuscript to Judith Jones (Erin Dilly). Although Judith thinks the tentative title, 'French Recipes for American Cooks,' inadequate, her supervisor finds the manuscript intriguing, and she does too. We see the scene that Julie blogged about: Judith in her kitchen at home, cooking boeuf bourguignon from the recipe. One taste of the food and Judith is a believer. Paul and Julia have settled in their home in Cambridge, and are unpacking. It's the fall of 1960. The Postal Service brings Julia a letter marked special delivery. Julia opens the letter and bursts with excitement at the news that Knopf wants to publish the book, and they're offering an advance of $1500. Paul comes running out at Julia's out-of-breath shouts and he's promptly as excited as he is. Judith compares the book to Rombauer's The Joy of Cooking, and that Knopf intends to market it in the same way. Julia meets with Judith in the Knopf offices where Judith is helping come up with a good title for the book. She has a number of small pieces of paper thumbtacked on a cork wall, which she moves around to put various word combination ideas together. In this matter, she and Julia christen the book, Mastering the Art of French Cooking. In their bedroom, Eric comforts Julie, who's still miserable after what she'd heard from Barry Ryan. Although it's unsure if Julia read Julie's blog, it's clear she didn't appreciate the project, feeling Julie wasn't truly serious about it. Eric tells his wife that there are two Julia Childs-- the real one, and the one in Julie's head, whom she venerates as her heroine. That Julia Child is the one that really matters. Julie writes in her blog on the last day of the project; the one-year anniversary. The most daunting recipe in Julie's mind is all that remains; a boned duck in a pastry crust. Julie watches a video in her kitchen, using the guidance given by Julia in the video to make the cut along the backbone of the duck. When the cut comes out correct, Julie is pleased, and follows the rest of the recipe to cook the dish, exactly as it looks in the instructional video. Eric and Julie are setting up a table on the roof of the building where they're hosting the dinner for their family and closest friends. Julie's given a round of applause as she proudly serves the duck. Everyone loves the dish, and they laud Julie's success. Julie taps her glass with her fork and stands to issue a toast for her husband. Julie repeats the words used by Paul Child some fifty years prior in toasting his wife: 'You are the butter to my bread, the breath to my life.' Eric is moved, and tells Julie that he loves her. Before retiring to bed, Julie writes the final entry in her blog to mark the completion of the project. 365 days, 524 recipes. Julie finishes the blog with Julia Child's signature phrase, 'Bon Appetit.' Washington, D.C., at the Smithsonian Institute; Eric and Julie are visiting the exhibit showing a replica of Julia Child's kitchen in Cambridge. Beside the exhibit is a photo of Julia and a small log where people can sign to show they were there. Eric takes a few photos of Julie by the photo, and then Julie takes a one-pound stick of butter out of her purse and leaves it by the stand where the log book is, telling Julia that she loves her. The camera pans over to the model kitchen, and the scene shifts to the real kitchen in the Child home, in 1961. Julia is cooking dinner when Paul comes home. Paul says a package has arrived for Julia. Julia opens it and laughs in delight at the first copy of her cookbook in print. Paul laughs appreciatively, proud of her achievements, as Julia celebrates. A final series of title cards say that Paul and Julia passed away in their early 90's, in 1994 and 2004 respectively. Julie and Eric Powell still live in Queens, although in a better living arrangement than over the pizzeria; Julie is now a writer. Her blog was published as a book, titled Julie & Julia, in 2005. The book was made into a movie.
tt0069738
Horror,Sci-Fi
Two police officers run to the location of a car crash. The lethal accident threw two people through the windshields of each car, instantly killing the, but one of the people involved miracously survived. One of the police officers pulls one man out from under the car. Cut to title credits. 19thC carriage and clothes. English country squire Sir Hugo Cunningham (Robert Stephens) arrives to his manor house, where his two sons -one adopted, Giles (Robert Powell), the other one being Clive (Ralph Arliss)- and one daughter, Christina (Jane Lapotaire) are already waiting for him. The three children are grown-ups now. He introduces to them his fiance, Anna Wheatley (Fiona Walker), whom he intends to marry the following Saturday. The father also announces that he's brought with him a special camera. At the manor house library, Hugo explains to Anna that he enjoys taking photographs of dead people. He is not alone on this weird passtime, as his friend Sir Edward Barrett (Alex Scott) also enjoys so. We see a slide presentation in front of a small audience. Edward and Hugo explain that they found a dark romboidal stain in photographs of people who had just died. They think they have photographed the souls of the people who died leaving the body. Hugo tries to explain to Clive - who looks like his favourite son - that with power comes responsibility when the son comments on Hugo's generosity towards the waiting servant. He also says that death is the last change. Hugo still misses his late wife. It's March at the manor house during Hugo and Anna's visit, and it's freezing cold. He insists to record everybody soaring on a boat. First, it's Giles and Christina, then Clive and Anna. Clive's oar gets stuck in the mud, which causes him not to see a branch of a tree. A sharp pointed part of the tree stings him, who falls to the muddy river. Anna also falls to the water. Giles tries to rescue them but the water is so muddy that he can't see anything. Clive and Anna's muddy body will appear later on during the night. Two weeks later, Hugo checks on the motion picture. There appears the same black stain, so he decides to photograph the two-week old corpse of Clive. Giles is worried about Hugo's unhealthy obsession, because it causes him to disregard himself. Hugo starts thinking about the Asphyx, a spirit which appears near people who are about to die. Hugo starts looking a bit out of his mind, even asking Giles to photograph him while drinking a cup of poison. There is going to be a public hanging the following day, says Edward. Hugo wants to photograph the execution. Hugo kills a mouse so that the Asphyx appears and he can imprison it in a kind of laboratory tube with strange liquids. With a strong lamp, Giles has captured in in the halo of light. Christina appears to question what the racket was about. Later, Christina goes on her own and takes the guinea pig out. She wonders at the strange box at his father's laboratory. Hugo -with Giles at his tail as usual- goes to visit a home for the paupers. There, one of the homeless men (Terry Scully) is severely ill. Christina questions Giles about what she saw at the laboratory. Giles is worried for Hugo but can't explain it all to her because he swore to secrecy. Christina tries to console Giles even though he can't confide on her. Hugo gives the sick man home, food and shelter. The bump is so sick that he'll only live one or two days more, says the doctor. The homeless man coughs and coughs. When he is about to die, the Asphyx appears, and Hugo captures it with the strong focus light. However, in his last moments, the dying man picks up the acid which Hugo had shown Giles before, and he splashes mit all over Hugo's face. He will be left with the scar for the rest of his life. Christina has been woken up by the acute shrieks of the Asphyx, so she arrives to the laboratory to see it all. Hugo has the idea of electrocuting himself in an electric chair while Giles traps the Asphyx. Christina appears and panics, but Giles slaps her and she is the one who moves the light to trap the Asphyx inside the coffin-shaped box. Giles and Christina put the Asphyx inside of a safe box. That night, Christina is woken up by something in her bedroom: it's the guinea pig she's let loose before. She takes the mouse outside of the house and releases it just outside the door. It looks like the mouse prefers to stay inside, where he is safe and has food, water and shelter without having to survive by itself! So Hugo recovers from the electrocution. He has not died. From that moment on, Hugo behaves weirdly. He wants Anna to marry Giles -is that even possible legally?- so that they have children and the lineage goes on forever. Christina doesn't like his father's plans, but she finally obliges. Hugo wants to make them immortal, the same as him. First goes Christina. Hugo wants to trap the Asphyx when it appears to claim her. They are going to cut her head with a gillotine. But the mouse she released appears to bite off the pipe which carries the water to make the lights work. The light goes out, in the panic Hugo causes Giles to release the guillotine, and Christina dies because her head was severed off. Giles feels guilt of Christina's death. Hugo wants to die now: he wants to join his children. Giles puts the mouse inside the lamp, and doesn't allow Hugo to check it before attempting to catch the Asphynx again. Giles has thought about the way: he will be enclosed in a plastic box and then Hugo will put gas in through a pipe. When Giles is about to die and the lamp doesn't work, Hugo has time to put oxygen in. But Giles wants to die, so he takes a match out. He softly whispers "Christina", and lights the match. That causes an explosion. At that moment, Hugo realises that he has killed his two remaining children. Hugo is not alone though: he has as a companion... the mouse. BACK TO MODERN TIMES A man - Hugo with a completely disfigured head - caresses a mouse. He steps onto the road from the sidewalk getting in the way of two cars which are about to collide.
tt0462504
Action,Adventure,Biography
An account of the true story of personal bravery and comradeship in the early days of the Vietnam War; the story follows the experiences of Lt. Dieter Dengler whose Navy propeller plane is shot down in 1965 over Laos and taken prisoner by Pathet Lao (with Vietcong irregulars.) In a story that should not be classified as either pro or anti war, it explores the psychological tragedies of war for all involved, and specifically the torturous personal trials of combatants in this disastrous event. The characters efforts at escape into the countryside while debating the personal consequences make this film a more realistic example of personalities and conflicts among prisoners pushed to their mental limits. The lush jungle contrasted against the raw human struggles of both sides make this a good yet simple portrayal of the early days of the Vietnam heartbreak. (SPOILER) The story of Dengler's rescue does show the inept and stupid bureaucratic incompetence that makes this story just a small part of a this historic American tragedy.
tt0089560
Biography,Drama
As son of a freewheeling biker mom,Rocky Dennis(Eric Stolz),is accepted without question by his mother's boyfriend's and extended motorcycle family but treated with fear,pity,awkwardness,and teasing by those unaware of his humanity,humor,and intelligence.Rocky's mother,Rusty Dennis,is determined to give Rocky a normal life. It is the end of the summer of 1979 in Azusa, a lower-middle class section of Los Angeles. With Bob Seeger's "Kathmandu" on the soundtrack the actions pans into the bedroom of Rocky Dennis Near the end of the film,Rocky faces the pain of seperation from his girlfriend,the collapse of his dream motorcycle trip to Europe with his best friend,Ben,while fighting fierce headaches.He quietly withdrawls to his room,and Rocky quietly dies peacefully in his sleep.
tt1017451
Biography,Drama,Music
The Runaways (aka: Neon Angels) is based on lead-singer Cherie Currie's book 'Neon Angel' - a reflection of her experiences as a rock star, but also delivering a strong anti-drug warning to teens and others. David Bowie's "Space Oddity" serves as a metaphor for the narrative-- a slow countdown, a surreal but spectacular rise to fame, then alienation and burnout - a long long way from home. The film opens in the year 1975, with 15-year-old Cherie (Dakota Fanning) and her older sister, Marie Currie (Riley Keough), as Cherie has just got her first period. Marie's boyfriend, Derek (Brendan Sexton III), picks up the sisters from Marie's job at the local fast food place, "Pup n' Fries" and Marie announces to him that Cherie has gotten her period. Angry at her sister for telling, she informs Derek that Marie is not wearing any underwear. Later, Cherie is seen cutting her hair in a shag and putting on face makeup in an attempt to create a look resembling David Bowie on the cover of Aladdin Sane (the cover is shown on her wall as a poster). Meanwhile, Joan Jett (Kristen Stewart) is a teenage rock star wannabe who is seen huffing some joints with her girlfriend. Joan tells her friend that she wishes to become a famous rock star as her own escape from her lonely life. Cherie is later seen lip-syncing David Bowie's 'Lady Grinning Soul' at her high school talent show and is the target of boos and jeers, as well as paper balls and other objects thrown at her on stage. At the end of the song, Cherie reacts by defiantly "flipping the bird" (giving both her middle fingers) to the boorish crowd, but she wins the talent show anyway. Sometime later, Joan Jett is making out with a guy outside a nightclub when she sees record producer Kim Fowley (Michael Shannon). Joan approaches him and talks about starting an all-girl rock band. Kim is interested and introduces Joan to Sandy West (Stella Maeve), a drummer. Joan and Sandy become fast friends and start jamming when Kim suggests that they recruit a hot blonde in the vein of Brigitte Bardot. At the club that same night, Kim and Joan look for hot blondes to be a their lead singer and discover Cherie. They ask if she wants to be in a band and she accepts. Then they tell her to come to auditions in a trailer park in the valley. Cherie learns the cover song of Suzi Quatro's "Fever" and goes to audition, however they're disappointed at the song. Instead, Kim kicks Cherie out of the trailer and with Joan, thinks of a song for Cherie to audition for, thus writing "Cherry Bomb" on the spur of the moment. Cherie sings it and, after improving, is part of the band. Kim also brings in two new members whom are assistant guitarist Lita Ford (Scout Taylor-Compton) and bass player Robin (Alia Shawkat). One year later in 1976, after moving in with her aunt because her selfish and irresponsible actress mother has moved to Indonesia, Cherie travels to her first gig with the band as they go on the road as 'The Runaways' with Kim as their manager, who scams money from their gigs for himself. A few months later, the group gets signed to Mercury Records and starts recording an album. Soon, both Cherie and Joan fall victim to the rock and roll scene with popping pills, to smoking dope, snorting cocaine, and drinking heavily as their tours become more frequent and the band's popularity increases. Another year later, due to the album's success, the Runaways travel to Japan to play a concert. Cherie causes quite a scene when she opens up the group's tour by performing on-stage wearing only a corset. After their first show, Cherie gets a phone call from her sister saying their their alcoholic father is sick, but Cherie takes no interest in it. After another performance, Lita angrily throws magazines at Cherie that have pictures of her on the cover doing some exotic poses for a local Japanese magazine, something Cherie thought was for the whole band. After an argument with Lita, Cherie, Joan, and Sandy, a group of crazy Japanese fans break through a window and chase the girls out of the building. Afterward, Cherie overdoses in the hotel, collapses in an elevator and is sent to the hospital. Upon arrival home, Cherie's alcoholic father is passed out on his bed. Cherie takes his painkillers and her actions are seen by Marie. While at a recording studio recording their next album, Cherie has a nervous breakdown and refuses to play, followed by Lita trash-talking her and Joan defending Cherie. After a very heated argument, Cherie quits the band and leaves, leaving Lita, Joan, Robin, and Sandy looking on. Joan breaks down, throwing chairs and beer bottles against the glass. Cherie returns home while Joan continues playing and starts her own band, Joan Jett and the Blackhearts. Eight months later. Cherie hits rock bottom when she collapses in a phone booth in a deserted supermarket parking lot after trying to buy some cheap liquor for herself. At the hospital, Marie visits her and tells her to get her stuff straight. Cherie goes into a rehab facility to try to get clean. In the final scene, set another year later, Cherie is working at a job at a local bakery trying to get her life back on track when she hears Joan's cover of "I Love Rock 'n' Roll" on the radio and calls the station, where Joan is visiting for interviews. After an awkward phone conversation between Joan, Cherie, and even the radio host, Rodney Bingenheimer (Keir O'Donnell), Cherie says her goodbyes and continues working, smiling when Joan's next song, "Crimson and Clover", comes on the radio.
tt0421054
Action,Biography,Crime
British-born bounty hunter and bail bonds agent Domino Harvey (Keira Knightley) is battered, in handcuffs and being interviewed by FBI criminal psychologist Taryn Mills (Lucy Liu). Domino agrees to tell her story. Mills tells Domino that an armored car driven by a man named Locus Fender was found. Domino was hired by the owner of the Stratosphere Casino to find out where the thieves hid the money. In a flashback, Domino says she and her team were sent to the Fender Compound out in the desert. An RV with shark's mouth livery is seen rolling into a junkyard type property. Domino and two men, all armed with shotguns, get out. They approach a trailer home warily. The woman inside fires at them. Ed Moseby (Mickey Rourke) is the best bounty hunter in L.A. and tries to get the woman, Edna Fender, to give up the money. The other bounty hunter, Choco (Edgar Ramirez), throws a dismembered arm close to the woman. They tell her it is her son's, Choco then goes back to the RV where a group of men are watching TV. Choco grabs the man with one arm and marches him back to the trailer home. Edna is distraught but still has a weapon. The arm has a combination tattooed on it and Locus pleads with his mother to get the "decoder" Title sequence and theme song. Back in the trailer home, Edna uses the tattooed numbers and a homemade pie plate decoder to figure out the lock combination of a padlocked fridge. Ed and Domino have a beer and relax while Edna calculates. At an L.A. DMV office a young man, Frances (Kel O'Neill), speaks to someone on his phone. His number is called and he goes to a woman's counter. He gives her a piece of paper with photos and Social Security numbers, he needs the IDs that night. The young man threatens her with the name "Kee Kee", the woman, Lateesha Rodriguez (Mo'Nique), nervously agrees. Domino says this is where it all went wrong but Mills thinks she is lying. Domino then recalls a happy childhood of being raised in England with her father, actor Stephen Harvey, who died young when she was four-years-old (actually Domino's father was Laurence Harvey, a famous actor who died from cancer in 1973 at age 45). After her father's untimely death, Domino's mother Sophie (Jacqueline Bisset) enrolls her in a private boarding school with her pet goldfish (Domino's mother was actually a fashion model named Paulene Stone). The fish soon dies and Domino decides not to invest anyone with emotions anymore to avoid being hurt. The young Domino lifts an American quarter from a church collection plate. Later, her mother watches with fascination a TV clip of the cast of 'Beverly Hills 90210'. Domino is now grown up and plays with nunchuks, and having now settled in Southern California with her mother. She recounts her time at a college sorority in Los Angeles at age 19 where she was bullied by a sorority girl during a hazing for having small breasts. Domino punches her tormentor and is expelled. She finds a scrap of newspaper with an ad for a seminar to learn how to be a bounty hunter put on by the bail bondsman Claremont Williams III (Delroy Lindo). She goes to the class site and signs up, Choco is the registrar and takes the $99 seminar fee. In the class, Ed Moseby and Claremont explain the bail bond/bounty hunter roles. They are surprised to see the sexy Domino take her seat. At break, Ed and Choco plan to split with the cash and exit out the back. Domino notices and chases after them demanding her lessons. She throws a knife into their car windshield. Domino shows off her skill with nunchuks and Ed agrees to offer her a job as a trainee. The next day, the three are walking down a street. Ed is explaining they are looking for Hector Maldonado, who had been arrested for a drive-by shooting. Hector's mother posted bail, but he skipped and they are going to bring him in to collect he bounty for Hector's capture and return. They have found out where he is, at a gang house across the street from his girlfriend. Ed explains to Choco that having Domino with them gives them an advantage. They load up with bulletpoof vests and shotguns. Ed and Domino storm into the house where they are confronted by the alert 18th Street gang, everyone has guns drawn and ready to shoot. Hector had escaped already. Domino imagines a bloody ending but then defuses the situation by offering to do a lap dance if they give up Hector. She grinds one out for the gang leader and they find out where Hector is. Domino explains that Claremont is their boss. She overhears him explaining to Ed that he has an insider in the DMV, who provides info. Six months later, Claremont hires them a driver, Alf (Riz Abbasi), an Afghani immigrant. At a coin laundromat, Ed talks about his past as Domino watches the well built Choco strip down to his briefs. At another take down, Choco bravely disarms a shotgun-holding man. At a bar, Choco stares as Domino rides the bucking bronco machine. Another few months later in 2003, Domino is named Bounty Hunter of the Year to an applauding crowd. Ed, Domino and Choco are now a team. They attend a pool party at Domino's mother's house with Claremont and Lateesha. Choco and Domino flirt. Outside Sophie's house, Choco seems jealous of Ed's attentions towards Domino. Inside, Domino chats with her mother and cleans her handgun. Back in the cop shop, Mills shows Domino a photo of Mark Heiss (Christopher Walken). Domino recounts how the three of them met him through her mother. Heiss, a TV producer, would like to use them for a reality show and wants Domino to front the show. Ed and Sophie bicker for control. Sophie thinks its a bad idea but Domino decides to go for it, to tell her story. On the Jerry Springer Show, (featuring a cameo by Jerry Springer himself) Lateesha is a guest as "Youngest Mixed Race Grandmother". Lateesha explains she is a "Blacinto" and shows a mixed race flowchart with made up racial subgroups. The audience ridicules Lateesha and the show erupts into a donnybrook. Ian Ziering and Brian Austin Green (as themselves) arrive at the Domino show filming site, greeting Mark Heiss. They will be co-hosts of the show. The actors are introduced to the bounty hunters and are shown the decorated RV. The show starts filming. At an apartment, Claremont and daughter Kee Kee chastise Lateesha for her act on Springer. Lateesha's infant granddaughter Mira has a rare blood disease and Claremont comes up with an idea. Lateesha hints at it to Domino while driving Kee Kee to school. Agent Mills asks Domino if she knew about Lateesha's fake ID racket. At work, Lateesha's boss tells her he saw her on Springer the day she called in sick. He then explains he found out she tried to pass off her granddaughter as her daughter Kee-Kee for an operation. Lateesha says the operation costs $300,000 but the HMO won't cover grandchildren. The boss gives her two weeks notice, then tells her the FBI is here to talk to her. The agents tell her in 10 minutes Frances will come in and ask for four fake IDs, they want to know what he is up to. Lateesha explains they will be hijacking an armored truck for $10 million. Lateesha explains to her daughter, two nieces and co-worker Raul what has happened, they all agree to help her out. At the Hoover Dam, cops check out the abandoned armored truck. Drake Bishop (Dabney Coleman), billionaire owner of the Stratosphere Hotel and Casino, arrives to find his money. The detective, Chris Cudlitz (Jack McGee) offers to show him video. They watch the surveillance tape showing a van pull up alongside the armored car. The tape shows four persons wearing masks of famous First Ladies. Bishop says they are stealing $10M. Claremont phones Bishop and explains he is the owner of the armored car and also a bail bondsman, he can find the thieves with his bounty hunters for a $300,000 finder's fee. Bishop agrees. Bishop's attorney Blake Beckett (Peter Jacobson) calls mob boss Anthony Cigliutti (Stanley Kamel) who thinks it's an inside job. The FBI think Bishop is laundering cash for the mob. In the desert, Locus Fender (Lew Temple) arrives in the van at his mother's. Locus works for Claremont. Locus has the duffel bags of money and says the First Ladies took off at a gas station. While Locus went for a soda the four Ladies drove off in a grey Mercedes, but left the money. Edna tells Locus to put the money in the freezer. In Los Angeles, the bounty hunters cheerfully report for filming, Heiss is monitoring the feed in a second RV. Ziering and Austin Green explain they are going to get four criminals called the First Ladies for kiting checks with fake IDS. Jackie O was Lester Kincaid, a record producer for Lateesha's nieces; Choco roughs him up. Nancy Reagan was a sex addict named Howie Stein, he is busted by the bounty squad at a Porno Anonymous group meeting. Barbara Bush was Charles and Hillary Clinton was Frances, sons of Anthony Cigliutti. The bounty squad arrive at their frat house while an FBI surveillance van watches, the FBI has been spying on the kids for six months. Domino takes down Frances and Choco captures Charles trying to escape, Heiss looks on in amazement at the live video. At a gas station, Domino reports in to Claremont, he tells her to deliver the four to the Sam Kinison Monument in Needles. Domino is puzzled there are no warrants for the four. Austin Green teases Domino as being an act, she breaks his nose. In the RV, Domino and Ed discuss the missing bond certificates, Domino figures it means the four were never arrested. She recalls her pet goldfish. In Needles things get tense, Domino screams at the camera crew to stop, Ed and Choco deliver the four to a group of men in dark SUVs. The two RVs stop for the night at a roadside motel. Choco comes to Domino's room, he talks to her in Spanish to see if she is OK but she doesn't understand. In their room Ed is watching porn on the TV,a frustrated Choco bashes the TV and starts to fight with Ed. He pulls a gun on Ed who tells him to go ahead and shoot. Choco settles down and lowers the hammer. In her room, Domino tries to check out Charles and Frances on the DMV web site. At a highway bridge the four Ladies are on their knees, a man phones for instructions and Beckett tells him to find out where the money is. While Domino ponders what is going on she narrates that the real First Ladies were Lateesha, her nieces and gay friend Raul. Claremont had picked them up at the gas station. The men shoot the four prisoners under the bridge. In the Mercedes Claremont rips Lateesha for getting the college kids involved. The next day Claremont phones Domino and explains Lateesha set up the kids for the ID scam and that they are mobster Cigliutti's kids. Claremont tells her it will be okay if they return the $10M and ask for a $300k finders fee. Domino gathers her squad and tells Alf to destroy all the video from the previous day and that they have to find Locus Fender. Alf drives off in the shark mouth RV as the camera crew RV explodes in a fireball. At a strip joint the squad handcuff Locus. They notice Austin Green and Ziering at the bar and decide to take them as celebrity hostages. As the RV motors down the highway, Locus, Ian and Brian are handcuffed to the ceiling. Domino talks to Claremont on her cell but loses reception, she mistakenly hears him say something about removing Locus' right arm. Domino passes the message to Ed and Choco. Grimly, Choco gets a shotgun and blows Fender's arm off. Ziering and Austin Green are splattered with blood. They arrive at the Fender compound. Domino narrates they found the $10 million in the freezer. Ed asks Edna for coffee and the RV leaves. Unknown to them, Edna had spiked the thermos with mescaline. Everyone in the RV gets groggy and drugged up. Alf loses control and the RV flips over end over end and barrel rolls to a stop. Mills tells Domino the lab confirmed she has mescaline in her system, but likely normal for Domino. Mills begins to lecture Domino about her lifestyle. Back at the crash site, the passengers stumble out of the wreck. Choco and Domino kiss and have sex. A Cadillac convertible stops nearby, the driver (Tom Waits) calls Domino an angel of fire and gives her a quarter. The driver seems to know what is going on and tells them they have offer their lives in return for the little child. The car heads to Las Vegas. Cigliutti is told Bishop had Frances and Charles killed. FBI are eavesdropping. At the Stardust Hotel Domino and gang meet up with Claremont. He phones Bishop who tells them to come to the Stratosphere at 7 pm. Out by the highway bridge the FBI find the four prisoners, they weren't killed after all only buried up to their necks in the sand. Lateesha and her three partners arrive at the bounty hunters hotel room. She tearfully asks for the $300k for the operation. Alf is doing something with the money in another room but they give Lateesha the money she needs. In the interview room, Mills tells Domino this is her last chance to cooperate. Domino accuses the FBI agent of being a sexually repressed lesbian. At the hotel, the group loads up packed garment bags in a cab. Alf notices another man in a turban. They arrive at the Stratosphere and give up their weapons at Security and take the elevator up. Bishop and men with automatic weapons greet them, noticing the two actor celebrity hostages. Bishop has them escorted back to the ground floor. An FBI helicopter flies toward the tower casino and circles the skypod. Inside Cigliutti and armed mafioso arrive. Alf tells Bishop the money is going to Afghanistan to help his people and shows a TV remote set up as a bomb detonator. The mafia men enter the room shooting, Bishop is riddled with bullets and dies. The FBI helicopter takes shots and crashes. In a wild gunfight inside the bounty hunters make for the elevator. Ed and Choco are shot several times and close to death, Domino returns fire against the hitmen and manages to get them into the cab. Alf is also mortally wounded and tells Domino he will give them a chance. As the elevator descends, Alf detonates explosives sending the cab into free fall. Domino alone survives the impact. Agent Mills finishes her report and has Domino freed. She tells Domino that she should think about retiring as a bounty hunter. At her mother's pool, Domino swims and tells Sophie that she loves her. In Afghanistan, boxes arrive in a village filled with US bills. In a hospital Lateesha, Claremont and family watch as Mira enters an MRI machine. During the end credits, there is a scene of the real Domino Harvey dressed in a man's business suit who smiles at the camera as a limo explodes in the background from the falling debris from the Stratosphere explosion. The postscript reads: "In loving memory, Domino Harvey".
tt1416801
Biography,Crime,Drama
The Irishman chronicles the rise and fall of infamous Cleveland gangster Danny Greene (Ray Stevenson), who engaged in a power struggle with the Italian mob. Greene was as an upstart longshoreman union rep and later became a cocky, legendarily difficult-to-kill troublemaker in the world of organized crime in the 1970s.
tt0080678
Biography,Drama
In 19th Century Victorian England, Dr. Frederick Treves (Anthony Hopkins) wanders through an urban carnival in search of freak shows. He happens on a hideously deformed creature called The Elephant Man (John Hurt), and pays the owner Mr. Bytes (Freddie Jones) to examine it. Treves purpose is to present a paper to the Pathological Society and enhance his medical reputation. The Elephant Man returns from the seminar to Bytes and is beaten severely for wondering off. The man's injuries, as well as an attack from bronchitis, leads Treves to admit him to the hospital. In an attempt to convince the authorities to allow the man to stay, Treves endeavors to communicate with the person. During a meeting, Treves discovers that the man can talk and is educated. The Elephant Man's name is John Merrick and he reveals that he has had this strange disease since he was 14 which benign tumors grow all over his body, face and hands, in which he must sleep sitting up or he will die from suffocation. Merrick is given a room to live in and gradually becomes accepted by most members of the hospital staff. But one hospital night porter (Michael Elphick) sees a money spinner and each evening gathers a drunken crowd of people who will pay any price to see the freak. Treves attempts to introduce Merrick to London society and brings him over to meet with his wife (Hannah Gordon), who hides her shock at Merricks appearance. Soon the local newspapers run articles on Merrick. One is read by actress Mrs. Kendal (Ann Bancroft) who visits Merrick, tells him about her life in the theater and gives him a copy of Shakespeares plays. However the night porter is still in business in displaying Merrick. One evening, Bytes joins the throng and after a particularly humiliating brawl, kidnaps Merrick and takes him to France. Severely neglected and very ill, Merrick is once more put on display as the Elephant Man for the local crowds. Bytes' son (Adam S. Gottbetter) tells his father that he can take no more of seeing him humiliate a human being, but Bytes tells his son to mind his own business. That night, Bytes' son, with the help of other carnival freaks, releases Merrick and assists his escape back to England. Reunited with Treves, it appears that Merrick does not have long to live. Merrick visits the theater with Treves and his wife where Mrs. Kendal has her performance dedicated to him. Back at the hospital, Merrick thanks Treves for a splendid evening and afterwards discards all pillows from his bed, determined to lie down like everyone else. Merrick lies down and sleeps one final time before quietly passing away, where his late mother welcomes him to the bright glory of Heaven.
tt0140352
Biography,Drama,Thriller
In Lebanon, Hezbollah militants escort producer Lowell Bergman (Pacino) to Hezbollah founder Sheikh Fadlallah, where Lowell convinces him to be interviewed by Mike Wallace (Plummer) for CBS show 60 Minutes. In Louisville, Kentucky, Jeffrey Wigand (Crowe) packs his belongings and leaves his Brown and Williamson office, returning home to his wife Liane (Venora) and two children, one of whom suffers from acute asthma. When Liane asks about the boxes in Wigand's car, he reveals that he was fired from his job that morning. Returning home to Berkeley, California, Bergman receives an anonymous package containing documents relating to tobacco company Philip Morris, and approaches a friend at the FDA for the name of a translator. Bergman is referred to Wigand, and calls him at his home only to be steadfastly rebuffed. Curious with Wigand's refusal to even speak to him, Bergman eventually convinces him to meet at the Seelbach Hotel in Louisville. In the privacy of their hotel room, agrees to translate the tobacco documents, but stresses that he cannot talk about anything else because of his confidentiality agreement. After leaving with the documents, Wigand appears at a meeting with Brown and Williamson CEO Thomas Sandefur (Gambon), who orders him to sign an expanded confidentiality agreement, under threat of revoking his severance pay, medical coverage and initiating legal proceedings. Wigand, enraged at the threats and believing that Bergman notified Sandefur about their confidential meeting, calls and accuses Bergman of treachery. Bergman visits Wigand's house the next day and maintains that he did not reveal anything to Brown and Williamson. Reassured, Wigand talks to Bergman about the seven CEOs of 'Big Tobacco' perjuring themselves to the United States Congress about their awareness of nicotine's addictiveness, and that the CEOs should fear Wigand. Bergman says Wigand has to decide himself whether to blow the whistle on big tobacco. Bergman returns to CBS Headquarters in New York City, where he and Wallace discuss Wigand's situation and the potential damage he could do to Big Tobacco. A lawyer at the meeting claims that Wigand's confidentiality agreement, combined with Big Tobacco's unlimited checkbook, would effectively silence Wigand under mountains of litigation and court costs. Bergman proposes that Wigand could be compelled to speak through a court of law which could give him some protection against Brown and Williamson should he do an interview for 60 Minutes. The Wigand family move into a newer, more affordable house, and Wigand begins teaching chemistry and Japanese at a Louisville high school. One night while asleep, he's alerted by his daughter to sounds outside the house. Upon investigation, he discovers a fresh shoe print in his newly planted garden, and begins to become paranoid. The next night, Wigand and Bergman have dinner together, where Bergman asks Wigand about incidents from his past that Big Tobacco might use against him. Wigand reveals several incriminating incidents before declaring he can't see how they would affect his testimony. Bergman assures him they will. Bergman contacts Richard Scruggs (Feore) and Ron Motley (McGill), who with Mississippi's attorney general Mike Moore are suing Big Tobacco to reimburse the state for Medicaid funds used to treat people with smoking-related illnesses. The trio express an interest in Bergman's idea and tell him to have Wigand call them. Meanwhile, Wigand receives death threats via email and finds a bullet in his mailbox, prompting him to contact the FBI, who after subtly accusing him of emotional imbalance confiscate his computer for evidence. Enraged over the threats to his family, Wigand phones Bergman and demands that to fly to New York and tape his testimony immediately. During Wigand's interview with Wallace, Wigand states that Brown and Williamson manipulated nicotine through ammonia chemistry to allow nicotine to be more rapidly absorbed in the lungs and therefore affect the brain and central nervous system through impact boosting. He continues by saying Brown and Williamson have consciously ignored public health considerations in the name of profit. In Louisville, Wigand begins his new teaching job and talks to Richard Scruggs. Upon returning home, Wigand discovers that Bergman has given him some security personnel. Wigand's wife is struggling under the pressure and tells him so. Days later, Wigand travels to Mississippi, where he receives a restraining order issued by the State of Kentucky to prevent him from testifying. Though the restraining order, issued by Brown and Williamson's lawyers, was thrown out in Mississippi, Wigand is told that if he testifies and returns to Kentucky he could be imprisoned. After a lengthy period of introspection, Wigand goes to court and gives his deposition, during which he says nicotine acts as a drug. Following his testimony, Wigand returns to Louisville, where he discovers that his wife and children have left him. At this point the film shifts its emphasis from Wigand to Bergman. Bergman and Wallace go to a meeting with CBS Corporate about the Wigand interview. A legal concept has emerged, known as Tortious interference. If two parties have an agreement, such as a confidentiality agreement, and one of those parties is induced by a third party to break that agreement, the party can be sued by the other party for any damages. It is revealed that the more truth Wigand tells, the greater the damage, and a greater likelihood that CBS will be faced by a multi-billion dollar lawsuit from Brown and Williamson. It is later suggested that an edited interview take the place of the original. Bergman vehemently disagrees, and claims that the reason CBS Corporate is leaning on CBS News to edit the interview is because they fear that the prospect of a multi-billion dollar lawsuit could jeopardize the sale of CBS to Westinghouse. Wallace and Don Hewitt agree to edit the interview, leaving Bergman alone in the stance of airing it uncensored. A PR firm hired by Big Tobacco initiates a smear campaign against Wigand, dredging up details about his life and publishing a 500-page dossier. Through Wigand, Bergman discovers that Big Tobacco has distorted and exaggerated numerous claims, and convinces a reporter from the Wall Street Journal to delay the story until it can be disproven. Bergman contacts several private investigators who do begin their own investigation. Bergman releases his findings to the Wall Street Journal reporter and tells him to push the deadline. Meanwhile, due to his constant fights with CBS management, Bergman is ordered to go on vacation. Soon after, the edited interview is broadcast. Bergman attempts to call Wigand at his hotel but receives no answer. He instead calls the hotel manager, who opens Wigand's door but is stopped by the deadbolt. Peering into Wigand's room, the hotel manager spies Wigand sitting alone, lost in a daydream about the idyllic life he could have led without his testimony. Per Bergman's commands, the hotel manager convinces Wigand to accept Bergman's phone call. Wigand screams at Bergman, accusing him of manipulating him into his position. Bergman tells Wigand that he is important to a lot of people and that heroes like him are in short supply. After hanging up, Bergman contacts the The New York Times and reveals the scandal that occurred at 60 Minutes, causing the New York Times to release a scathing article. Meanwhile, The Wall Street Journal exonerates Wigand and reveals his deposition in Mississippi, while condemning Big Tobacco's 500-page smear as 'the lowest form of character assassination'. 60 Minutes finally broadcasts the full interview with Wigand. In the final scene Bergman talks to Wallace and he tells him that he's quitting saying, 'What got broken here doesn't go back together again'. The final shot is of him leaving the building. A series of title cards appear stating the $246 billion settlement that big tobacco made with Mississippi and other States in their lawsuit, that Wigand lives in South Carolina. In 1996, Dr. Wigand won the Sallie Mae First Class Teacher of the Year award, receiving national recognition for his teaching skills. Lowell Bergman works for the PBS show Frontline and teaches at the Graduate School of Journalism at the University of California, Berkeley.
tt0355702
Biography,Drama,Sport
The Lords Of Dogtown reveales the story of the genesis of modern skateboarding. Anti-hero and social outsider "Skip" (Heath Ledger) owns a surf shop in Venice, California or "Dogtown". Set in the sprawling urban decay of Southern California in the early 1970s, Skip recruits local boys to form a skateboarding team called the "Z-Boys" who turn the sport skateboarding into a worldwide phenomenon.
tt0977855
Biography,Drama,Thriller
Valerie Plame is employed by the Central Intelligence Agency, a fact known outside the agency to no one except her husband and parents. She is an agent involved in a number of sensitive and sometimes dangerous covert operations overseas. Her husband, Joseph C. Wilson, is a diplomat who most recently has served as a U.S. ambassador to Gabon, Sao Tome and Principe. Due to his extensive background, Wilson is approached by Plame's CIA colleagues to travel to Niger and glean information as to whether yellowcake uranium is being procured by Iraq for use in the construction of nuclear weasons. Wilson determines to his own satisfaction that it is not. After military action is taken by George W. Bush, who justifies it in a 2003 State of the Union address by alluding to the uranium's use in building weapons of mass destruction, Wilson submits an op-ed piece to the New York Times claiming these reports to be categorically untrue. Plame's status as a CIA agent is subsequently revealed in the media, the leak possibly coming from White House officials including the Vice President's chief of staff and national security adviser, Scooter Libby, in part to discredit her husband's allegation that the Bush administration had manipulated intelligence to justify the invasion of Iraq. As a result, Plame is instantly dismissed from the agency, leaving several of her delicate operations in limbo and creating a rift in her marriage. Plame leaves her husband, further angered by his granting of television and print interviews, which expose them both to public condemnation and death threats. Wilson ultimately persuades her, however, that there is no other way to fight a power as great as that of the White House for citizens like them. Plame returns to him and testifies before a Congressional committee, while Libby is convicted of perjury and obstruction of justice and given a 30-month prison sentence, although President Bush commutes the jail time on Libby's behalf.
tt0469903
Biography,Drama,Sport
Based on the incredible true story, The Express follows the inspirational life of college football hero Ernie Davis (Rob Brown), the first African-American to win the Heisman Trophy. Following his draft by the NFL, tragedy struck the star athlete and he was never able to take the professional field. But his tale would forever change the face of professional sports. Raised in poverty in the Southern Tier of New York State, Davis overcame seemingly insurmountable obstacles to become an unstoppable running back for the Syracuse Orangemen. Under the guidance of coach Ben Schwartzwalder (Dennis Quaid) - a hard-nosed surrogate father with an obsession for winning a national championship - Davis would develop from an impressive high-school athlete into a legend. While everyone agreed Ernie Davis was a miracle player, few thought this quiet young man would become an icon for the burgeoning civil rights movement dividing America in the early 1960's. Refusing to play by the unspoken racist rules of the day, Davis broke through one barrier after another to alter the way fans looked at men of his color. Though struck a terrible blow in the prime of his life, his spirit soared when most would crumble. Forcing his bull-headed coach to re-examine a life lived in color-based privilege, Davis would join the ranks of black pioneers who inspired a movement that smashed barriers on and off the playing field. (taken from universalpictures.com)
tt0096969
Biography,Drama,War
The film opens when Ron Kovic is a young boy living in Massapequa, Long Island, New York. He grows up in a patriotic and Catholic household, instilling within him a strong sense of pride in his country and his religion. As a teenager, and a top member of his high school's wrestling team, he proves himself physically fit and athletic, as well as an academically exceptional student. When local Marine recruiting NCOs visit his school and give Ron and his fellow seniors an impassioned lecture about the Corps, Ron decides to enlist. He misses his prom, because he is unable to get a date with his love interest, Donna. He confronts her at the prom and has a dance with her on his last night before leaving. The story then jumps to Kovic's second Vietnam tour in 1968. Now a Marine sergeant and on patrol, his unit massacres a village of Vietnamese citizens, believing them to be enemy combatants. During the retreat, Kovic becomes disoriented and accidentally shoots one of the new arrivals to his platoon, a younger Marine private first class, Wilson, who ends up in the line of fire between sides. Despite the frantic efforts of the Navy Corpsman present who try to save him, Wilson dies from his wounds. Overwhelmed by guilt, Kovic appeals to his executive officer (XO), who merely tells him to forget the incident. The meeting has a negative effect on Ron, who is crushed at being brushed off by his XO. The platoon goes out on another hazardous patrol on January 20. During a firefight, Kovic is critically wounded, shot in the ankle and through the chest, smashing his spine. He lays trapped in a field facing sure death, until a fellow Marine rescues him. Paralyzed from the mid-chest down, he spends several months recovering at the Bronx Veterans Administration hospital. The living conditions in the hospital are deplorable; rats crawl freely on the floors, the staff is generally apathetic to their patients' needs, doctors visit the patients infrequently, drug use is rampant, and equipment is too old and ill-maintained to be useful. He desperately tries to walk again with the use of crutches and braces, despite repeated warnings from his doctors. However, he soon suffers a bad fall that causes a compound fracture of his thighbone. The injury nearly robs him of his leg and puts Ron in traction for several months, and he vehemently argues with the staff and the doctors who consider resorting to amputation. Ron returns home, permanently in a wheelchair, with his leg intact. At home, he begins to alienate his family and friends, complaining about hippies, students and other young adults staging anti-war rallies across the country and burning the American flag. Though he tries to maintain his dignity as a Marine, Ron gradually begins to become disillusioned, feeling that his government has forgotten and even betrayed him and his fellow Vietnam Veterans. In Ron's absence his younger brother Tommy has already become staunchly anti-war, leading to a rift between them. His highly religious mother also seems unable to deal with Ron's new attitude as a resentful, paralyzed veteran. His problems are as much psychological as they are physical and he quickly becomes alcoholic and belligerent. During an Independence Day parade, he shows signs of post-traumatic stress when firecrackers explode and when a baby in the crowd starts crying it reminds him of the village he and his unit massacred and he is unable to finish his speech. He reunites with his old high school friend, Timmy Burns, who is also a wounded veteran, and the two spend Ron's birthday sharing war stories. Ron goes to visit Donna at her college in Syracuse, New York. The two reminisce and she asks him to attend a vigil for the victims of the Kent State shootings. However, he cannot do so, because his chair prevents him from getting very far on campus because of curbs and stairways. He and Donna are separated after she and her fellow students are arrested by the police at her college for demonstrating against the Vietnam War. Ron's disillusionment grows severe enough that he has an intense fight with his mother after returning home drunk one night after having a barroom confrontation with a World War II veteran that fought on Iwo Jima who expressed no sympathy to Ron, who himself had been acting obnoxiously in the bar. After venting his rage at his mother's embarrassment over having a disabled son, he has an emotional conversation with his father and he later leaves home, traveling to a small town in Mexico ("The Village of the Sun") that seems to be a haven for paralyzed Vietnam veterans. He has his first sexual experience with a prostitute he believes he's in love with. Ron wants to ask her to marry him but when he sees her with another customer, the realization of real love versus a mere physical sexual experience sets in, and he decides against it. Hooking up with another wheelchair-bound veteran, Charlie, who is furious over a prostitute mocking his lack of sexual function due to his severe wounding in Vietnam, the two travel to what they believe will be a friendlier village. After annoying their taxicab driver, they end up stranded on the side of the road. They quarrel and fight, spilling each other out of their wheelchairs. Eventually, they are picked up by a man with a truck and driven back to the "Village of the Sun". On his way back to Long Island, Ron makes a side trek to Georgia to visit the parents and family of PFC Wilson, the Marine he believes that he killed during his tour. He tells them the real story about how their son died and confesses his guilt to them. Wilson's widow, now the mother of the deceased soldier's toddler son, admits that she cannot find it in her heart to forgive Ron for killing her husband, but God just might. Mr and Mrs. Wilson, however, are more forgiving and even sympathetic to his predicament and suffering, because Wilson's father fought in the Pacific Theater during World War II and is even disillusioned with the war in Vietnam. In spite of the mixed reactions he receives, the confession seems to lift a heavy weight from Ron's conscience. Ron joins Vietnam Veterans Against the War (VVAW) and travels to the 1972 Republican National Convention in Miami. He and his compatriots force their way into the convention hall during Richard Nixon's acceptance speech and cause a commotion that gets brief coverage on the national news. Ron himself tells a reporter about his negative experiences in Vietnam and the horrific VA hospital conditions. His interview is cut short when guards eject him and his fellow vets from the hall and attempt to turn them over to the police. They manage to break free from the police, regroup, and charge the hall again, though not so successfully this time. The film ends with Kovic speaking at the 1976 Democratic National Convention, shortly after the publication of his autobiography Born on the Fourth of July.
tt0089755
Biography,Drama,Romance
[Out Of Africa] A well-heeled Danish lady goes to an English colony in Africa and buys 1000 acres. Her beau dies and to avoid loneliness she proposes marriage to his gentleman but rascally brother whom she got along well with as a friend. He agrees, in no small part because she has money. They agree to start a cattle farm and she goes back to Denmark to get funding from her family, but when she returns she is distraught to find her husband has decided on his own they would grow coffee instead, despite the fact it has never been grown at that altitude. The First World War breaks out and most of the men go south to protect some front we don't see much of, but the lady leads a long and dangerous supply run to them herself, learning much about survival, resourcefulness and leadership along the way, and gaining the grudging respect of the men, who didn't think a woman would be up to it. After the fighting, her husband continues to live more independently than she would like, and eventually he transmits syphilis to her, although he suffers no noticeable effects of it. He is apologetic that he gave it to her, but hes not apologetic for being unfaithful or fiercely independent. She returns to Denmark for treatment, is cured after 3 years and returns to the farm, never to have conjugal relations with him again. He moves out of her house after soliciting a sum of money from her one last time. The coffee crops start coming in but turning a profit proves difficult. She enlists the services of a local tribe to work her farm and eventually much of the tribe works for her, and they wind up living on her uncultivated acres. She builds a school and hires a teacher to educate the black children, somewhat to the disapproval of many of the English settlers who would rather see the natives remain uneducated and easily manipulated. She is taken by a freelance hunter but her affections to him are not returned and he dies. His partner (Robert Redford) gradually becomes enamored with her and she reciprocates. He is honest and loyal but very independent as he lives a live of adventure in the wilderness, as he regretfully notes the inroads of civilization. She wants him to be more domesticated but he travels a lot and comes and goes as he pleases. The farm is just barely getting by as she mortgages it further with a local backer. She has a bumper crop but her barn catches fire, causing her to go bankrupt. She had no insurance as it was considered pessimistic in those freewheeling pioneer times. Her lover dies in a crash in his private plane and she buries him on her land. Her farm and lover gone, her life in Africa is over and she leaves, never to return. She has loved and lost, but it was better than never having loved at all. We are told at the end that she went on to write some books under a pseudonym about her adventures.
tt0109707
Biography,Comedy,Drama
The film opens with a thunderstorm. Lightning flashes illuminate a spooky old house, accompanied by the eerie wailing of a Theremin. The camera moves inside the house to reveal a coffin which opens and from the coffin Criswell sits up. (This is nearly identical to opening scene to Night of the Ghouls). Criswell offers an opening commentary which practically repeats the opening commentary from Plan 9 from Outer Space. Credits follow with most of the cast names displayed on tombstones (again similar to Plan 9). The camera moves from the Hollywood sign and down into Hollywood itself. It is a rainy night outside a dilapidated theater in Hollywood. It is the early 1950s. The eccentric and goof-ball theater director Edward D. Wood Jr. (Johnny Depp) is pacing outside, waiting for the press who have not shown to review his play The Casual Company, a World War II-esq military drama. The show finally goes on to an almost empty house. Later that night Ed, his close friend John "Bunny" Breckinridge (Bill Murray) and the three principal actors in the play, Dolores Fuller (Sarah Jessica Parker), Paul Marco (Max Casella) and Conrad "Connie" Brooks (Brent Hinkley) read Victor Crowley's scathing review of the play. Everything about it is negative, but the only positive comment being about the realistic costumes. Ed tries to encourage the team that they're doing good work on account of that one positive comment, but later that night Ed, who is living with Dolores, expresses his doubts about his achieving success in the film industry. He worries that he's nearly thirty and Orson Welles, whom Ed idolizes, was 26-years old when he made "Citizen Kane". Dolores reassures him and then makes a comment to herself about never being able to find her clothes. Ed turns over in bed with a worried look on his face. A few days later, Ed is working in the props department at a film studio as his second job and he is asked to take a potted palm over to the executive offices. Ed makes a bit of a side trip to see some new stock footage the studio received, and comments that he could probably make a complete movie using just the stock footage. Later, in the office he overhears two office girls discussing an article in Variety about a bio-pic being considered about sex-change personality, Christine Jorgensen. Ed phones George Weiss (Mike Starr), head of Screen Classics, a small studio which specializes in soft-core sexploitation films, which was making the bio-pic. Ed assures him that he is the most qualified man in Hollywood to direct the sex-change film. Dolores, who was standing there when Ed said that, asks Ed why he's the most qualified for such a picture, but Ed scoffs it was just something to spark Weiss' interest in hiring Ed. Later Ed is talking to Weiss in his office who tells him that the Christine Jorgensen story is off. Christine heard about it fromVariety, and was asking for too much. Weiss was still planing a sex-change film though, but is now going to be something else. The film is to be called I Changed My Sex. He has no script yet or director. Ed tells him that he can direct and write the movie, and mentions the positive comment Crowley made about his play. Unconvinced, Weiss asks him why he is the most qualified man in Hollywood to do this movie. Reluctantly, Ed tells Weiss what he's never told anyone in his life: he's a transvestite. When Weiss asks, Ed assures him that he's still straight, and just does it for personal comfort, going even as far as to paratroop wearing women's undergarments when he fought in the Second World War. Weiss asks how this qualifies him for the movie. Ed believes that this can add an extra note of realism to the movie. Weiss tells Ed that he does not need someone who has a burning desire to tell his story; what he needs is someone who is experienced enough to shoot a film in only a few days while still making it profitable. Discouraged, Ed leaves. On his way home, Ed meets his long-time idol, Bela Lugosi (Martin Landau). He is leaving a funeral home complaining about the discomfort of the coffins. The two start talking, and Lugosi reveals that he soon intends on dying, fed up with his life. The two begin a close friendship as Ed drives Bela home to his small house. Ed learns that Bela has not worked in four years. Later at work, Ed is discussing Bela with a fellow film executive who calls Bela a "washed-out junkie". He suggests that if Ed thinks he is so great he should hire Bela himself. On Halloween night 1953, and Ed and Bela are watching White Zombie at Bela's home on the TV. The show breaks for a commercial, introduced by horror-show hostess Vampira (Lisa Marie) whom Bela refers to as "a honey". A short while later, Vampira makes a comment about the film starring Bela Lugosi "and a bunch of other people I've never heard of". This seems to depress Bela who goes into the back to take his "medicine". The medicine seems to work almost immediately and Bela is soon cheerfully scaring trick-or-treating children as Dracula, except for one little boy who Ed scares away by pulling out his fake teeth he got from WWII, amazing Lugosi. Using the promise of getting Bela to star in the movie for a low price, Ed convinces George Weiss to let him write and direct the movie. He finishes the script two days later and gives it to Dolores to read. He also uses the script to tell her about his own cross-dressing. He shows himself to her dressed in one of her angora jumpers. Dolores outbursts with rage and disgust that Ed has not only kept this secret from her for so long, but he now intends to fictionally exploit this embarrassing moment of their lives on film. However, he manages to persuade her to join the role of Barbara in the movie. Ed turns in his script to Weiss, and they have a heated argument over the script: the story is not what Weiss originally wanted to be made; what Weiss originally wanted is only briefly covered in the first five pages of the script while the rest of the story is a fictionalized version of Ed's situation. Even the title is conflicting, as the poster for the original title is still intact. Ed tells him to change the poster, as he believs that the changes he made are for the better. Giving up on the argument, George allows Ed to shoot the movie however he wants, as long as it meets the required reel length. They begin filming the movie, now re-titled 'Glen or Glenda', with Ed himself performing the title roles. When they get to filming Bela's scenes, there is a minor catastrophe when As Connie asks for Lugosi's autograph, he mentions The Invisible Ray alongside Boris Karloff. Bela gets highly upset about this, as Karloff was a major of rival of Lugosi's. However, Ed is able to calm Lugosi by convincing him of his success with Dracula, and Lugosi cooperates easier with the film. There is also trouble on the set as Dolores, who is playing the female lead Barbara, is having a very hard time accepting Ed's cross-dressing. However, the film is successfuly completed. Ed takes a film copy of Glen or Glenda to Mr. Feldman at Warners, seeking to get financial backing to continue making movies. He mentions several other projects he has planned, such as The Ghoul Goes West and Dr. Acula. Feldman seems uninterested those projects, but shows interest in another project Ed pitches, Bride of the Atom. Later Feldman and two subordinates view Glen Or Glenda, and are reduced to fits of helpless laughter by the horrible looking movie with bad sound, lighting, and acting. Days later, Ed finds that Glen or Glenda is not playing anywhere local. He phones the furious George Weiss who tells him that he could not sell it anywhere in the major markets, as the movie was so bad, the markets didn't want to bother presenting it, calling it a "piece of shit." Ed tells him not to insult his movie. Weiss wishes it was Ed's movie instead of his, wishing "he had not blown every dime he had ever made into making this stink-bomb". He angrily promises that if he ever sees Ed again, he will kill him. A few evenings later Ed, Dolores and Bunny are at a wrestling match. Bunny talks about his plans to go to Mexico and take the first steps leading to sex-reassignment, much to Dolores' discomfort. They later see in action Swedish wrestler Tor Johnson (George 'The Animal' Steele), who Ed believes would make a fantastic actor, and would be perfect for Lobo, the monstrous henchman in Bride of the Atom. He convinces Tor to take the part. Some months later, Ed gets a call from Bela. When he arrives at Bela's home he finds Bela collapsed on the floor. He also finds a needle syringe which Bela tells him contains Morphine and Demerol. Bella breaks down and tells Ed that he is totally broke, and doesn't know what he's going to do to pay for his "medication". Ed reassures him that he won't let Bela down. The next day, Ed calls Feldman, who tells him that Glen or Glenda was the worst movie he ever saw, and hangs up on him. Discouraged, Ed talks to Dolores, who suggests that Ed may not be studio material, and should finance himself. Ed starts to try to line up backers by meeting them at the local Brown Derby Restaurant. One person he approaches is a producer of a comedy/variety TV series, who arranges to use Bela in a sketch. The sketch turns out to be a total fiasco, as Bela cannot follow the ad-libs of the comic. Backstage Ed and Bela meet "psychic" Criswell (Jeffrey Jones) who predicts that Bela's next project will be a huge success. Criswell even recognises Ed's name as the writer/director of "Glen or Glenda". Quickly Criswell becomes a member of Ed's growing entourage and tells Ed that showmanship is the secret to success. Over the next several months in 1955, Ed continues seeking financing for his next movie, helped by Dolores, Criswell and Tor, but without any success. One evening at a local nightclub, Ed encounters a young, attractive woman who introduces herself as Loretta King (Juliet Landau) who appears to be quite wealthy (she pays a three dollar bar tab with a $50 note). Still seeking financing, Ed soon convinces her to invest in Bride of the Atom. Loretta agrees to finance Ed's movie, but her only catch is that in exchange to be credited as one of the executive producers, she would also like to act in the movie. In fact she wants to take the lead role, which Ed had already promised to Dolores. Ed reluctantly agrees with Loretta so that he can make the movie. Dolores, however, is furious about this, especially when she finds she has been relegated to one of the minor roles. With Loretta's contribution in hand Ed begins filming, despite Loretta being a mediocre actress. Unfortunately, filming is soon shut down a few days later when the $300 advance that Loretta gave runs out. It turns out that the $300 was all the money that Loretta had. So Ed goes back out on the financing trail. While talking to some potential investors at the Brown Derby, he meets Vampira at the restaurant with her entourage of her agent, manager, publicist, producer, etc. He tries to interest her in helping to get some backers, but her reluctance ends up losing backers. Ed ends up talking to meat packer Donald McCoy, a redneck hick who is willing to advance Ed the rest of the money he needs, but McCoy's condition is that he wants the movie to end with a big explosion, and that the lead male role to go to his son Tony. After making the suggested changes, filming resumes, but not without problems. At one point there is a very tense encounter between Dolores and Loretta in the dressing room over Dolores still angry and jealous at Loretta for taking the lead role which Ed promised her first. That night, Ed, Paul, Connie, Criswell, and Tor break into the prop warehouse at Republic Studios to "borrow" a rubber octopus to be used in the climactic scene between Dr. Vornoff (Bela), and his octopus. The following night, while on location in the Hollywood Hills to film that scene, they realise that they forgot to borrow the octopus motor, so when they are filming the scene Ed tells Bela to just "Shake his legs around so it looks like he's killing you". At first Bela seems to be unable to do the scene, but after injecting himself with a dose of his "medicine" he is alright again. On the final day of shooting, Ed requests Bela to say one more line he wrote up. Amazed and swayed away by what Ed wrote, he agrees to it. It is his character's famous closing speech in the movie. At the wrap party the next night, held in McCoy's butcher shop, Ed, once more in drag, does a strip act. This is the last straw, and Dolores explodes, pronouncing all of Ed's work terrible, and that everybody is wasting their lives for nothing. She storms out, and Ed catches up with her. She ends her relationship with Ed on the spot. In April 1955, Ed gets another phone call from Bela, whom he finds suicidal and wants Ed to join him. Ed talks Bela out of it, and Bela decides to commit himself into a hospital for his drug addiction. Bela uses his rehabilitation to get some publicity and to get his name back in the press. In the hospital while waiting to visit Bela, Ed meets Kathy O'Hara (Patricia Arquette), a very sweet young woman who is visiting her father at the hospital. Ed becomes strangely attracted to her. He tells her that he is a writer, producer, actor, and director in motion pictures. The two go out on a date to a midway carnival. They take a ride through the spook house, which breaks down halfway through the ride. While stranded, Ed confesses to Kathy about his cross-dressing. After Ed assures her that he's still straight when she asks, she accepts it without further question. The next morning, Ed gets some bad news from the sanitarium. Bela's insurance has long since lapsed and as a result Bela will not be able to stay any longer. Ed offers to pay all he has to help Bela, but the small amount of money he has will barely help. Ed convinces Bela that he is cured, and takes him home. Bela wonders when Ed's next picture will be coming. To help Bela, Ed invests the last of his cash in some film and a camera rental. He and Bela film several scenes of generic stock footage outside Bela's house that Ed could use almost anywhere for his next movie. Some months later in early 1956, Ed invites Vampira to join the party going to the premiere of his movie, now re-titled Bride of the Monster. Ed, Kathy, Vampira, Criswell, Bela, and Tor go in Ed's car to the theater. The audience is extremely rowdy over the horrible-looking movie and after only a few minutes into the picture Ed begins to fear for the safety of his guests, especially Kathy, Bela, and Vampira. They leave in time to catch a gang stripping down Ed's car. The crowd soon leaves the theater also roaring in anger at being cheated out of their money to watch a bad movie. They hail a taxi; in fact Kathy almost has to jump in front of it to get it to stop. As they drive away, Bela sarcasticaly remarks, "now THAT was a premiere!" The next day, Ed and Bela are walking along a sidewalk in Los Angeles and talking. Bela tells Ed that he has found a very special woman in Kathy. They talk about the premiere and Ed wishes that Bela could have seen the whole movie. Bela says he doesn't really need to, he remembers it all, and proves it by quoting his closing speech to an appreciative impromptu audience on the street. One night another few months later, Ed is reading a story to Kathy when they are interrupted by phone call where someone on the other line tells him that Bela has passed away. Ed, Kathy, Tor, Criswell, Vampira, Connie, and Paul are all among the mourners at Bela's funeral. It is also seen that Bela was buried in his Dracula cape. Another year or so later, Ed is visited by his landlord, J. Edward Reynolds (Clive Rosengren). Reynolds reveals that Ed skipped his final rent check. Ed believes that his stockholder probably transfered the wrong account and writes him a check. Reynolds notices that Ed is in the picture business, and mentions that he and his Baptist church are interested in making inspirational films about the twelve apostles. At the present time though they only have the money for one. Seeing opportunity, Ed tells Reynolds that if he took that money and put it into a commercially proven genre, he would make enough to make the twelve movies. As it happens, Ed has a script he wrote available, entitled Grave Robbers from Outer Space. Reynolds is unsure, as most big movies have big stars. Ed reveals that it does: Bela Lugosi. Reynolds thought Lugosi passed on. Ed has the last film Bela did, and he just needs to hire a double to complete Bela's scenes, convincing him that if the movie succeeds, he'll have enough to not just make all twelve films, but possibly even more. Reynolds agrees, and final preparations begin for the movie. When Ed learns that Vampira has been laid off, he, along with Kathy at a diner, convince her to take a part in the film. She is reluctant, but Kathy tells her that she should be grateful that Ed is the only one offering her a job. She agrees, but she will only do it mute. At the diner, Ed meets Dr. Tom Mason, Kathy's chiropractor. When he walks over to correct her aching neck, Ed senses a resemblance to Lugosi with his face covered and Ed hires him to be Bela's double. Reynolds will only support the movie if Ed and his companions are baptized into his church. So that Sunday, Ed, Kathy, Vampira, Tor, Criswell, Bunny, Mason, Paul, and Connie are received into the local Baptist church. Tor is too large to fit into the regular baptismal font, so the mass baptism is held in a nearby swimming pool. In 1958, filming begins but with many problems. Reynolds and his associate Reverend Lemons (G.D. Spradlin) have issues with the script's content about graverobbing, finding the concept blasphemous, and the title Grave Robbers from Outer Space which Reynolds requests it being changed to Plan 9 From Outer Space. They question Ed for having Tor delivering several lines of dialogue, who is nearly unintelligible due to his thick Swedish accent. Bunny, who is playing the alien leader, is insisting on antenna or glitter for his costume. Reynolds questions Ed's directing skills after Paul and Connie, (playing policemen) fall (knocked down by the passage of the 'flying saucer') and knock over one of the cardboard tombstones in the graveyard set, as well as using daylight stock shots setting up for night scenes. The final straw is when Gregory Walcott, their choir conductor at their baptist church, suddenly arrives on set and the baptists reveal to Ed that they've casted him as the lead hero. Ed outbursts that since he's the director, he does the casting. He storms off in the dressing room. To relax, Ed puts on his women's clothing only to be chastised even more by Reynolds and Lemons. Having enough, Ed storms out of the studio and goes to a nearby bar (still in drag). In the bar Ed meets his idol, Orson Welles (Vincent D'Onofrio). The two begin talking and Orson reminisces about his problems with the film business, with losing financial backings for their film projects and their producers always interfering with their work, whether it be recutting their orignal cuts or casting actors that they have personal connections with, not caring if they're right for the roles. Ed asks if the film business is worth it in spite of the trouble. Reminding Ed that Kane was the one film where he had complete control, he tells Ed that ultimately the business is worthwhile, and inspires Ed by telling him that it's worth fighting for his artistic visions. Revived, Ed returns to the studio and tells Reynolds that Ed is going to finish the movie as he wants it to be, as it is not right for Reynolds to interfere with his artistic vision. Lemons objects; they're the ones funding the movie, so it should be their way. Ed immediately rebuttles that they'll make their profits back, but only if they stay out of Ed's way and let him finish the film his way. Ed continues filming the movie against his producers, but decides to agree with the title change after personally deciding it sounded better. Scene after scene are filmed with Ed growing more and more proud of the whole production. On opening night in 1959, he and Kathy drive to the theater in Ed's (repaired) convertible. As they arrive, it begins to rain and thunder, much like the storm in the opening scenes. The top gets stuck open, and finally Ed leaves it so that they can make the premire. He introduces it simply "For Bela". As the film runs, Ed is again in the wings silently repeating the dialogue. He says to himself: "This is it. This is the one I'll be remembered for". As "Plan 9" closes he proposes to Kathy, and the two drive off in his soaked car to marry in Las Vegas. The camera moves back from the area to focus on the Hollywood sign again. The movie ends with short biographical comments about the major characters and their lives after Plan 9 from Outer Space... Edward D. Wood Jr. kept on struggling in Hollywood, but mainstream success eluded him. He descended into obscurity, as well as alcoholism while continuing to direct grade-B monster and soft core sex films. He died from a heart attack in 1978 at age 54. Two years after his death, he was voted "Worst Director of All Time" bringing him worldwide attention and a new generation of fans. Kathy O'Hara Wood remained married to Ed for nearly 20 years and was loyal to him through all ups and downs. After his death, she never remarried. The late Bela Lugosi never rose from the grave but after appearing in 103 films during his 40 year career, he is more famous then ever. Today (the mid 1990s) his movie memorabilia outsells Boris Karloff's by a substantial margin. Bunny Breckinridge never had his sex change. He is currently living somewhere in New Jersey. Dolores Fuller quit acting and went on to have a successful songwriting career. Her compositions include writing the music and lyrics for numerous Elvis Presley songs including "Rock-A-Hula Baby" and "Do the Clam". Tor Johnson continued to appear in numerious "B" movies before achieving his greatest fame as a best-selling Halloween mask. He died in 1971. Vampira retired from show business shortly after Plan 9's release to sell handcrafted jewelry. In the 1980s, she unsuccessfully sued horror hostess Elvira for stealing her act and appearance. Paul Marco and Conrad Brooks are still personalities in the Hollywood scene and continue to act in numerous low-budget 'B' movies. Paul is currently the founder and president of the Paul Marco fan club. Conrad was recently named the "John Gielgud of Bad Movies" by the New York Times. Dr. Tom Mason, the late chiropractor who doubled for the late Bela on Plan 9, appeared in one more Ed Wood film Night of the Ghouls. This time, Ed let him show his face. Criswell continued making highly inaccurate and bizarre psychic predictions and was often a guest on The Tonight Show featuring Johnny Carson. He died in 1982.
tt0270288
Biography,Comedy,Crime
Young, energetic, and focused on a top career in the growing television industry, Chuck Barris finds himself being followed by a suspicious character who quickly lures him into a secretive and dangerous world: that of a CIA operative. While Barris gains notoriety as a dynamic television producer creating such innovative and popular game shows as The Newlywed Game and the self-hosted The Gong Show he regularly executes assassinations for the United States government. As ratings rise, Barris incorporates his shows into his secret life: winning couples on The Dating Game find themselves shipped off to fabulous Helsinki and romantic West Berlin for their dream dates. It isn't Paris, but it provides chaperone Barris a cover for his covert missions. As Barris basks in the glamour of his two worlds - entertainment and espionage - his life begins to spiral out of control. He is torn between the woman who loves him and the mysterious woman of his fantasies. He receives mass criticism from the public who accuses him of contaminating the airwaves and he finds himself marked for death by a traitor operative. Barris must regain control of his life. Both of them.
tt0308644
Biography,Drama,Family
The story focuses on Scottish writer J. M. Barrie, his platonic relationship with Sylvia Llewelyn Davies, and his close friendship with her sons, who inspire the classic play Peter Pan, or The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up. Following the dismal reception to his latest play, Little Mary, Barrie meets the widowed Sylvia and her four young sons in Kensington Gardens, and a strong friendship develops between them. He proves to be a great playmate and surrogate father figure for the boys, and their imaginative antics give him ideas which he incorporates into a play about boys who do not want to grow up, especially one named after troubled young Peter Llewelyn Davies. His wife Mary, who eventually divorces him, and Sylvia's mother Emma du Maurier, object to the amount of time Barrie spends with the Llewelyn Davies family. Emma also seeks to control her daughter and grandsons, especially as Sylvia becomes increasingly weak from an unidentified illness. Producer Charles Frohman skeptically agrees to mount Peter Pan despite his belief it holds no appeal for upper-class theatergoers. Barrie peppers the opening night audience with children from a nearby orphanage, and the adults present react to their infectious delight with an appreciation of their own. The play proves to be a huge success. Because Sylvia is too ill to attend the production, Barrie arranges to have an abridged production of it performed in her home. She dies shortly afterward, and Barrie finds that her will is to have him and her mother to look after the boys; an arrangement agreeable to both.
tt0108002
Biography,Drama,Sport
Rudy Ruettiger (Sean Astin) grows up in a Catholic, working class family that loves Notre Dame football. He does not have the grades, the size or the talent to get into his beloved school so he follows his brothers and father into work at the steel plant. After his twenty-second birthday his best friend Pete (Christopher Reed) who always believed in him dies in an accident. Rudy then realizes that it is now or never to follow his life-long dream to play for the Fighting Irish. Despite fear of failure from his father (Ned Beatty) and girlfriend (Lili Taylor) he leaves to pursue his goal. Showing up is not enough to get him into the university, so with the encouragement of a priest (Robert Prosky), he enrolls in Holy Cross Junior College. There he gets help from a tutor (Jon Favreau) who helps him deal with his reading disability and finally get good grades. He works on the maintenance crew (Charles S. Dutton). Finally, Rudy gets accepted and upon transferring in to the school, he gets a chance as a "tackling dummy" for the team for two years. Encouraged by his persistence and spunk, Rudy inspires the team and is allowed to dress for one game by the coach (Jason Miller), where he is triumphantly carried off the field by his fellow teammates. The story is based on the life of Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger.
tt0203019
Biography,Drama
The movie starts off by introducing Master Chief Leslie W. ("Billy") Sunday (Robert DeNiro), a US Navy Diver, who has recently gone AWOL. He is badly beaten and awaiting disciplinary actions. Sunday and several other Navy members watch TV coverage of an ongoing salvage operation, when Sunday recognizes a familiar face on the screen. One of the other sailors makes some crude racist jokes, Sunday attacks him and applies a choke hold. We then flash back about 25 years, where a young African-American boy named Carl Brashear (Chris Warren Jr.) is watching his father Mac (Carl Lumbly) work the plow on their farm. Carl wants to quit school so that he will be able to help work and then prevent the farm from financial ruin. Mac is dead-set against his son being "like him" and stuck working on a farm, but he allows Carl to help. Time passes quickly and a grown-up Carl (Cuba Gooding Jr.) is leaving town to join the Navy. Mac gives his son a custom-built portable radio as a memento of home, and tells Carl to be the best, even if it means breaking the rules. Carl winds up working in the kitchens on the USS Hoist in the South Pacific. He and the other black officers joke about the so-called "bright future" the Navy promised them. Their superior points out that black men in the US Navy have only 3 career choices- cook, officer's valet or "get the f*ck out of the Navy." Afterwards, Carl and his friends go up on deck where the white officers are swimming (the black crew members are assigned a specific day when they can swim). Carl, tired and hot, decides to jump in the water. The white officers try and chase him down, but Carl out-swims all of them. Carl's actions get him thrown in the brig. The ships' captain meets with Carl and, impressed with the boy's speed, decides to transfer Carl to the search & rescue swimmers, a group assigned to rescue anyone who falls overboard on ship. A few days later, Carl is writing a letter home to his parents when the ship is rocked by an apparent crash. Their mail chopper has accidentally gone down in the ocean. Carl assists the others on deck in raising a Navy Diver from the sea floor with the wounded pilot. The Diver is Master Chief Sunday. Since Sunday is now back up on deck, regulations state that he must now undergo decompression. As the next diver is lowered, an accident with the winch severs the diver's air hose. Chief Sunday prepares to do a dangerous "bounce dive" to rescue his fallen ally. One officer, Lt. Cmdr Hanks (David Conrad) orders Sunday not to go, but Sunday disobeys and jumps off ship. Later in the hospital, we see that Chief Sunday was indeed able to save the other diver, but doctors find that he has sustained a severe embolism in both lungs. This condition disqualifies Sunday from any more diving. Upon hearing this news, Sunday throws a fit, destroying some equipment in the hospital, and assaulting several of the staff. Carl is in attendance at the resulting disciplinary hearing, where Sunday is officially disqualified from further diving duty, and assigned to a training position. Carl, having seen Sunday's actions as heroic, is inspired and vows to become a Navy Master Diver. Two years later, Carl is reporting for Diving School, the same diving school where Sunday is the trainer. After a tense confrontation with Chief Sunday, he is allowed in. While most other recruits are revolted by the thought of sharing their bunk with a Negro, one Navy candidate- Snowhill (Michael Rapaport) attempts to befriend Carl. That night, Carl is subjected to severe hazing by Sunday. The following morning, Chief Sunday singles out Snowhill, throwing him out of the program for failing to complete an impossible task. His only ally alienated, Carl is once again on his own. Despite the harsh treatments, Carl performs admirably in his training, assembling machinery and adapting to the diving suit with much greater results than a large number of his classmates. Unfortunately, Carl is falling behind in the academic requirements-scoring only a 37 on his first exam. If he fails again, Carl will be kicked out of the program. One weekend, on leave, Carl comes to a library in the hopes of getting a tutor to help him. He meets a young woman named Jo (Aunjanue Ellis) who is studying medicine. She thinks that Carl cannot possibly succeed, since he has only a 7th grade education. Carl stays the entire night at the library reading and learning more about the Navy program. Next morning, Jo is so impressed by his progress that she agrees to help Carl. The two spend many evenings together, eventually developing a relationship in the process. Soon, Carl is back in the classroom awaiting the results of another test. As the exams are passed out, Carl is elated- he's scored a 76, keeping him in the program. The next day there is a training exercise, involving patching the hole in a sunken ship and raising it to the surface. All at once, the ship accidentally shifts its position, snaring the air hose on one diver while the other flees for his life. Carl volunteers to bring down a new line for the trapped diver, and after several tense seconds, Carl is able to save the young mans' life. Unfortunately, due to the prejudiced environment of the time, the diver who fled earlier receives a medal for his actions while Carl is ignored. Carl is, however, silently thanked by the recruit he saved on his way out of the school. That night, Carl is in town when he meets a young woman (Charlize Theron) who introduces herself as Gwen Sunday, the chief's wife. Gwen takes Carl into the same bar her husband and his fellow divers frequent. Carl and Sunday confront each other, whereby Carl says he knows he's better than Sunday. They face off in a competition using pressurized diving helmets to determine who can hold their breath the longest. The stakes are if Sunday wins, Carl leaves town that very night, but if Carl wins, Chief Sunday must re-admit Snowhill into the diving program. Carl manages to win, but is again overlooked for his actions. Carl sees Jo watching the confrontation with dismay as she storms out of the bar. He gives chase, and she reveals that she's been accepted into an internship and she won't have time to help Carl anymore. Carl, smitten, asks Jo to marry him. Jo contemplates driving off in a taxi, but she returns and accepts. Chief Sunday meets with Captain "Pappy," (Hal Holbrook), the eccentric senior officer at the training school. Chief Sunday states that Carl has scored a 94 on his final test, meaning that all Carl has to do is complete his last training exercise (a timed exercise), and he will have passed all requirements for graduation. Pappy is not at all happy at the prospect of a "colored diver," but Sunday seems hesitant to agree. Sunday confronts Carl yet again. After Carl fires an insult back, Sunday smashes the radio Carl's father gave him. Upon seeing Carl's fury at this, Sunday sees the inscription no the radio ASNF (a son never forgets), and Carl's father's picture by his bed. Sunday asks what his father said to make him try so hard. Carl simply states "Be the best." Sunday admits that he is, but that he shouldn't show up the following day because Pappy will not let him pass the school. Carl is furious. Next morning, Chief Sunday explains the final exercise to the recruits- they must assemble a flange underwater, pieces are on the river bottom and tools will be provided once the parts are found. They will earn points based on the speed of their work, but there is no set time limit and air will be provided to the diving suits for as long as the divers can stand the cold water. Carl makes a defiant entrance to the exercise, and is looked upon with a measure of respect from the other recruits finally. Carl is among the first to find the parts for his project, but when he calls up for tools the attendants cut a hole in the tool bag sending them cascading all over the river bottom. Carl frantically searches for all the necessary parts. As time goes by, the recruits slowly but surely complete the assignment. Carl remains in the water well into the night. The other recruits, having showered and put on warm clothes, have returned to see Carl finish. Pappy orders Sunday to leave Carl in the water until he stops moving. Sunday, however, decides that too much time has passed already and gives the order to bring Carl back up. This makes Sunday's colleagues uneasy, as it violates a direct order from Pappy. The other recruits step up, but just as they begin to haul in the lines, Carl's project flange comes to the surface, completed. After 9 hours and 31 minutes in the excruciatingly cold water, Carl Brashear has passed his final and essentially graduated with honors from Diving School. As Carl leaves the barracks next day, Snowhill runs in to talk to him. He has been asked to rejoin the diving program. He also states that Pappy has thrown Sunday out of the school as trainer. Carl also finds his father's radio, fully repaired, with "A son never forgets" freshly carved into the side. Some time later, Carl and his wife are in a nightclub. Carl orders champagne as a celebration because he's been offered a job with Brooklyn Navy Yard. Carl doesn't know if he should accept the job, since he won't move up in rank as just a stand-by diver. Jo confesses that she is three months late, and Carl is suddenly overjoyed at the prospect of being a father. At a New Years' party, Sunday and his wife run into Lt. Hanks- the man who ended Sunday's diving career. Despite his best efforts to remain civil, Sunday ends up attacking the lieutenant. Charges are filed against Sunday for assaulting a superior officer, and he suffers a rank reduction. The scene then shifts back to Chief Sunday watching a TV report explaining the current salvage operations. Earlier that day, an American B-52 bomber crashed in Spain. Before impact, it released its payload of three 50-megaton warheads on parachutes. Two have been recovered but the last one is lost at sea. Furthermore, maritime law dictates that since the bomb vanished in international waters, whoever finds it first will be considered the true owner. So the US Divers are racing against Russian submarines to be the first to find the missing nuke. Carl is one of several divers assigned to try and find the missing bomb. At one point, Carl finds a metal object on the sea floor but it turns out to be a mere Coke can. At that moment, sonar signals in the water are detected- there is a Russian submarine is Carls' immediate vicinity. Carl spots the sub and tries to run for cover, but his air line is caught by the sub and he is dragged along the ocean floor. After several tense seconds, Carl is able to contact the surface and tell them that he is unhurt. As they prepare to bring him home, Carl notices a large metal object nearby. The sub's movement has caused most of the silt and debris on the ocean floor to move aside, essentially finding the nuke for them! Back on deck, Carl watches as the bomb is brought on board. An accident with the winch on deck causes the lines holding the bomb to snap. Carl shoves several other deck hands aside, but his own leg is caught by the snapped wire. Carl wakes up later in a hospital, with Jo by his side. Jo explains that Carl's leg was nearly severed by the impact, but doctors think he will walk again. Carl realizes that this injury has put an end to his diving career and he is devastated. Meanwhile, Chief Sunday has fallen on hard times since his rank reduction. He is now in a rehab clinic undergoing detox for alcoholism. With the support of his wife, Sunday gets back on his feet. He recognizes Carl from a news story about the accident. Carl is still in the hospital, he is reading a news story that was sent to him (presumably by Sunday) about amputee pilots being able to return to duty. He speaks with his superiors (including the now-Captain Hanks). Carl wants to return to full diving duty, but they feel that it is impossible in his current state. Carl voices his desire to have the damaged leg amputated and return after a fitting with a prosthesis. Jo is furious about Carl's reckless and apparently selfish attitude, and walks out. Later, Carl's leg is indeed amputated. He begins the difficult process of learning to move and act with a prosthetic. Chief Sunday shows up and asks if he can help Carl. Sunday begins training him again, and makes a deal with Captain Hanks. He will get four weeks to complete training Carl before a medical hearing with the Chief of Naval Personnel in Washington. Hanks agrees, on the condition that Sunday take immediate retirement if and when Carl fails to return to duty. A month later, Carl appears before the Naval Personnel and they discuss his possible return. Chief Sunday has been ordered to wait outside the courtroom by Captain Hanks. Captain Hanks outlines a new requirement for Navy Divers- a new diving suit, weighing in at 290 pounds has been approved for use and anyone wanting to use it must take 12 steps unassisted. Carl, seeing that Jo and his son are in the audience, volunteers to take the 12 steps right then and there. Chief Sunday bursts into the courtroom. He is asked to leave by Hanks, but after introducing himself to some of the more senior members of the court who know of his past heroics, is allowed to stay. Chief Sunday helps Carl suit up, and then proceeds to coach him through the ordeal. Carl stands up in the new suit, and-with obvious great discomfort- takes a few clumsy steps forward. Everyone assumes that his prosthetic will snap, and as he nears failure he is ordered to stand down by Captain Hanks. Sunday orders Carl to disregard, as he is the officer in charge of this exercise. He begins shouting orders at Carl (identical to their first session at diving school years before). Carl struggles, but keeps moving forward until he has reached the twelfth step. Captain Hanks, realizing that no more can be done to prevent Carl from succeeding, announces that the Navy will be reinstating Carl Brashear to full diving duty. Carl and Sunday salute one another, and Sunday marches out of the courtroom. Text at the end reveals that in 1968, Carl Brashear was the first African-American amputee to assume Navy diving duty, and that two years after his reinstatement Carl was promoted to Master Chief. Carl continued in his Naval career for another nine years before finally taking retirement.
tt0436697
Biography,Drama,History
The film begins on the eve of the 1997 British general election, which sees Tony Blair (Sheen) elected as the United Kingdom's first Labour Party Prime Minister in 18 years. While posing for an official portrait, the Queen (Mirren) talks with the artist and expresses her regret about not being allowed to vote. She is slightly wary of the new prime minister and his pledge to "modernise" the country, but Blair promises to respect the independence of the Royal Family. When Blair visits Buckingham Palace to kiss hands, the Queen follows custom and asks him to form a Government in her name. Three months later, during a visit to Paris, Diana, Princess of Wales is killed in a car accident in the Pont de l'Alma tunnel along with her companion Dodi Fayed and driver Henri Paul. Blair's director of communications, Alastair Campbell (Mark Bazeley), immediately prepares a speech in which he describes her as "the people's princess." Blair gives the speech the next morning and the phrase catches on immediately. Over the next few days, millions of British people in London erupt in an outpouring of grief, as they flock to Buckingham and Kensington palaces to leave floral tributes and notes. Meanwhile, the Royal Family are still on their summer residence at Balmoral Castle, the Queen's estate in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. Diana's death immediately sparks division among senior members of the family; while the Queen is saddened by Diana's death, she and her husband differ with Prince Charles, Prince of Wales over what arrangements should be made. The Queen observes that since Diana divorced Charles (Alex Jennings) a year earlier, she is no longer a member of the Royal Family. Consequently, she insists that the funeral arrangements are a "private affair" and are best left to the princess's own family, the Spencers. A visibly grief stricken Prince Charles, however, argues that Diana was mother of the future King and that the Queen's suggestion is dismissive of this fact. Following her mother's suggestion, the Queen eventually sanctions the use of an aircraft of the Royal Flight to bring Diana's body back to Britain. Charles ensures that his ex-wife's coffin is draped with a Royal Standard instead of remaining a "wooden crate." In London, the bouquets begin to pile up along the palace railings, forcing the changing of the guard to use another gate. Meanwhile, British tabloids become increasingly inflammatory about the lack of any statement by the Royal Family. Prince Charles, during a brief conversation with Blair and later through back-channel contacts, leaves no doubt that he shares the Prime Minister's views about the need for a more public expression of grief. As the Queen's ratings plummet, Blair's popularity rises sharply, to the delight of the his Anti-Monarchist advisers and wife Cherie (Helen McCrory). Blair, however, does not share these sentiments. Despite not concurring with the Queen's course of action, he admires her and tells his wife that a Republican Britain is a ludicrous idea. Later on, he angrily denounces the anti-royal disdain of his Labour advisors and accuses Diana of having tried to destroy everything which the monarchy stands for. After days of building pressure, Blair calls the Queen at Balmoral and urgently recommends a course of action he believes is needed to regain the public's confidence in the monarchy. These measures include attending a public funeral for Diana at Westminster Abbey, flying a Union flag at half mast over Buckingham Palace (the flag is only meant to be flown when a Royal person is present and has never been used for mourning), and speaking to the nation about Diana's legacy in a live, televised address from the palace. Blair's recommendations outrage Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh (James Cromwell) and Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother (Sylvia Syms). Philip is also surprised that Elton John is asked to attend and sing a song, "Candle in the Wind" in Diana's honour. They view such steps as an undignified surrender to public hysteria, created by the tabloids, that will eventually calm down when the public comes to its senses. The Queen seems more concerned about this and although she shares their feelings, she begins to have doubts as she closely follows the news coverage. Speaking with her mother, the Queen muses that there has been some shift in public values, that perhaps she should step aside and hand over the monarchy to the next generation. The Queen Mother dismisses these ideas, however, saying that she is one of the greatest assets the monarchy has ever had, stated: "The real problem will come when you leave." She also reminds her daughter of the promise she made in Cape Town, South Africa, on April 21, 1947, her 21st birthday, in which she promised that her "whole life, whether it be long or short, shall be devoted to your service and the service of our great imperial family to which we all belong..." Later at Balmoral, Philip attempts to distract his grandsons from their mother's death by taking them deer stalking. While venturing out alone in her Land Rover, the Queen damages her vehicle while fording a river and has to call for assistance. While waiting, she weeps in frustration but then catches sight of the majestic Red Deer stag which her grandsons have been stalking. Hearing a distant gunshot, she shoos the animal away. Later that day, the Queen decides to carry out the recommendations of Blair. While preparing to return to London, she is horrified to learn that the stag has been killed on a neighbouring estate, by a visiting stockbroker. She visits the estate where the stag is being dressed and expresses dismay at the amateurish way it was hunted. In the film's climax, the Royal Family return to London and inspect the floral tributes. The Queen also goes on live television to speak about Diana's life and legacy, even going so far as calling her "an exceptional and gifted human being." Two months later, Blair comes to Buckingham Palace for a weekly meeting. The Queen has regained her popularity, but believes she will never quite fully recover from "that week." She cautions Blair that one day he too will find that public opinion can rapidly turn against him. She declares, however, that times have changed and that the monarchy must "modernise." When Blair suggests that he can help with this, The Queen responds, "Don't get ahead of yourself Prime Minister. Remember, I'm supposed to be the one advising you".
tt0099077
Biography,Drama
In 1969, Dr. Malcolm Sayer (Robin Williams) is a dedicated and caring physician at a Bronx hospital. After working extensively with the catatonic patients who survived the 1917-1928 encephalitis lethargica epidemic, Sayer discovers that certain stimuli reach beyond the patients' respective catatonic states: Activities such as catching a ball, hearing familiar music, and experiencing human touch all have unique effects on particular patients and offer a glimpse into their worlds. While patient Leonard Lowe (Robert De Niro) proves elusive in this regard, Sayer soon discovers that Lowe is able to communicate with him using a Ouija board. After attending a lecture on the subject of L-Dopa and its success with Parkinson's sufferers, Sayer believes the drug may offer a breakthrough for his own group of patients. The hospital's supervising doctor, Kaufman, initially rejects Sayer's request to purchase the drug for Leonard, citing budgetary constraints. He has a change of heart while talking to Sayer in the hospital's cafeteria when several employees give back their paychecks to buy the drug. A trial run with Lowe yields astounding results, as he completely "awakens" from his catatonic state; inspiring Sayer to seek funding so that all his patients can receive L-Dopa and experience "awakenings" back to reality. Sayer takes Leonard on supervised outings where Leonard marvels at how much the world has changed in the 40 years of his catatonia. Meanwhile, Leonard is adjusting to his new life and becomes romantically interested in Paula (Penelope Ann Miller), the daughter of another patient, and begins spending time with her when she comes to the hospital to visit her father. Leonard also begins to chafe at the restrictions on him as an in-patient, desiring the freedom to come and go as he pleases, and stirs up a bit of a revolt in the process of arguing his case repeatedly to Sayer and the hospital administration. Sayer notices that as Leonard grows more agitated while battling administrators and staff about his perceived confinement, a number of facial and body tics are starting to manifest that Leonard has difficulty controlling. While Sayer and the hospital staff continue to delight in the success of L-Dopa with this group of patients, they soon find that it is a temporary triumph. As the first to "awaken", Leonard is also the first to demonstrate the limited duration of this "awakening": His tics grow more and more prominent, he starts to shuffle more as he walks, and the rest of the patients are forced to witness what will eventually happen to them. He soon begins to suffer full body spasms and can hardly move. However, he puts up well with the pain, and asks Sayer to film him, in hopes that he will someday contribute to research that may eventually help others. Leonard acknowledges sadly what is happening to him and has a last lunch with Paula where he tells her he cannot see her anymore. Surprisingly, when he dances with Paula in the cafeteria, his physical symptoms abate for a brief period. Leonard and Dr. Sayer reconcile their differences, and Leonard returns to his catatonic state soon thereafter. The other patients' fears are similarly realized as each eventually returns to catatonia no matter how much their L-Dopa dosages are increased. Sayer tells a group of grant donors to the hospital that although the "awakening" did not last, another such awakening of learning to appreciate and live life took place. The film ends with Sayer standing over the once-again-catatonic Leonard behind a Ouija board, with his hands on Leonard's hands, activating the planchette. "Let's begin," Sayer says.
tt1244754
Biography,Crime,Drama
This film tells how Betty Ann Waters (Hilary Swank), an unemployed single mother of two boys, saw her brother begin serving a life sentence in 1983 for murder and robbery of a woman living in a trailer next door to him in Ayer, Massachusetts. Kenneth's ability to appeal his conviction using public defenders was exhausted and without a lawyer, he would have died in prison. That is when Betty Anne, a high school dropout, decided to dedicate her life to save her brother. Convinced that he was innocent, she spent the next 12 years taking steps to earn a law degree. In 1995 with a law degree in hand, she began focusing on her brother's case. Challenging the conviction with DNA evidence, with the help of the Innocence Project, she proved her brother's innocence, and Kenneth Waters walked out a free man in March 2001 after 18 years in prison. The estate of the late Kenneth Waters settled a civil rights lawsuit against the town of Ayer for $3.4 million in 2009. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) & (www.themovieinsider.com)
tt0132477
Biography,Drama,Family
The film is set in Coalwood, West Virginia in the year 1957. The coal mine is the town's largest employer and almost every man living in the town works in the mines. John Hickam (Chris Cooper), the mine superintendent, loves his job and hopes that his boys, Jim (Scott Miles) and Homer (Jake Gyllenhaal), will one day join him in his mine. When it appears that Jim will receive a football scholarship to attend college, this leaves Homer to fulfill his father's dream, although his mother, Elsie (Natalie Canerday), hopes for more for her son. In October, news of the Soviet Union's rocket launch of Sputnik 1 reaches Coalwood. As the townspeople gather outside the night of the broadcast, they see the satellite orbit across the sky. Filled with awe and a belief that this may be his chance out of Coalwood, Homer sets out to build rockets of his own and enter the science fair. Initially, his family and later his classmates think he has gone crazy and is wasting his time, especially when he teams up with Quentin Wilson (Chris Owen), the school's math geek who also has an interest in rocket engineering. With the help of his friends, Roy Lee Cooke (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg), and support from their science teacher, Miss Riley (Laura Dern), the four try out their new passion. While their first launches are failures, they begin experimenting with new fuels and rocket designs. After several successful launches, the local paper runs a story about them. The next day, they are arrested accused of having started a forest fire with a rocket that had gone astray. After John picks up Homer from the police station, Roy Lee is seen getting beat up by his stepfather, Vernon. John intervenes and rescues Roy Lee, warning the drunken man that, even though Roy Lee's father is dead, he will fight for Roy Lee as Roy Lee's father would have. In a rare display of emotion, he tells Roy Lee that Roy's father was one of the best men who ever worked for him. The arrests, along with John's lack of support, crushes the boys' dream and they abandon rocketry. After a mine disaster, John is injured while rescuing "... a dozen men [who] would have died...", though one other miner does die (Ike Bykovski). Homer drops out of high school and works the mine to provide for the family while his dad recovers. Later, Homer is inspired to look at a rocket science book Miss Riley gave him, and learns how to calculate the trajectory of a rocket. This reveals that an unrecovered rocket launched by the boys could not have caused the fire, as it was unable to travel that far. Homer and Quentin calculate the precise distance of the missing rocket and find it in a stream. The boys present their findings to Miss Riley and the school principal, Mr. Turner (Chris Ellis). Chagrined at the police, Turner identifies the offending projectile as a flare from a nearby airfield. Homer returns to school, the boys return to rocket making, and soon win a school science fair. The school decides to send Homer to the national science fair in Indianapolis, Indiana. That night, John is almost shot by a man in a black car outside. John, with Homer and Jim in tow, exits the house to see who fired. John shouts "Vernon!" realizing this was apparently revenge for the threats John gave Roy Lee's stepfather earlier. Homer and Jim express their concern about this to their father, but John passes it over, bitterly telling Homer to go "look for his suitcase" (Homer had been doing so prior to the shooting). Fed up, Homer confronts his father and a heated argument ensues. Homer storms out of the house, vowing to never return or look back. At the national science fair, Homer's display is received very well. Overnight, someone steals his de Laval nozzle, as well as his autographed picture of Wernher von Braun. Homer makes an urgent phone call home for help. Elsie implores John to end the ongoing strike so that Mr. Bolden can use the mine's machine shop to build a replacement nozzle. John initially refuses but relents when Elsie, fed up with his lack of support for their son, threatens that she will have to leave him. With the support of the town, Homer wins the top prize and is besieged with scholarship offers from colleges. He is also congratulated by his inspiration Dr. von Braun, but in the confusion does not realize the engineer's identity until after he is gone. Homer returns to Coalwood as a hero, and visits Miss Riley, who is now ill with Hodgkin's disease. He shows her the medal he has won, and she responds touchingly. A launch of their largest rocket yet (called the Miss Riley) is the last scene of the film. (In the reality of which this scene is emblematic, the rocket boys' most successful rocket reached an impressive altitude of 30,000 feet (9,100 m) higher than the summit of Mount Everest.) John finally shows up for a launch, and is given the honor of pushing the firing button. As the rocket streams upward, the film shows the view from the perspectives of many characters. As the group looks up to the rocket, John slowly puts his hand on Homer's shoulder and smiles. A series of vignettes (including footage of a Space Shuttle launch and home movie footage of the characters in the 1950s) reveal the outcome of the main characters' lives.
tt1266029
Biography,Drama,Music
NOWHERE BOY, the debut feature of Sam Taylor-Wood, tells the never seen before story of John Lennons childhood. Imagine John Lennons childhood A spirited teenager, curious, sharp and funny, growing up in the shattered city of Liverpool. Two extraordinary sisters tussle for his love - Mimi, the formidable aunt who raised him from the age of 5 and Julia, the spirited mother who gave him up to Mimis care. Yearning for a normal family, John escapes into art and the new music flooding in from the US. His fledgling genius finds a kindred spirit in the young Paul McCartney. But just as Johns new life begins, the truth about his past leads to a tragedy he would never escape.
tt0108330
Biography,Drama
In the fall of 1957, Toby Wolff (Leonardo DiCaprio) and his mother Caroline (Ellen Barkin) are driving from Florida to Utah in search of better luck after Caroline was beat up by her latest boyfriend. Caroline has bought a geiger counter and intends to get rich on uranium in Salt Lake City even though no uranium has been found there. Toby tells us that his father left his mother a long time ago and took Toby's older brother with him. In Salt Lake, Caroline gets a job and Toby starts a new school. Soon Caroline's ex, Roy (Chris Cooper), turns up after tracking Caroline down. He gives Toby a rifle as a present and tries to reestablish his relationship with Caroline, but when he becomes too controlling for her, Caroline decides to pack up and leave town on a Greyhound. Six months later in Seattle, Toby is skipping school, calls himself Jack and has Elvis hair. He and his two friends watch Superman on TV and talk about sex. Toby is living in a boarding house with Caroline, who is dating an attractive and well-mannered man, Dwight Hansen (Robert De Niro). He invites Caroline and Toby to stay the weekend at his home in the small town Concrete. They go to a turkey shoot; Dwight had promised Toby a chance to shoot, but it turns out the rules forbid it. Instead, Caroline enters the shoot as the only woman and ends up winning much to Dwight's dismay. Dwight has three children of his own, and he praises Concrete to Caroline hoping to persuade her to stay. Back in Seattle, Toby is caught carving obscene words into a bathroom wall and is suspended. Desperate and short on cash, Caroline agrees to Dwight's suggestion that Toby should live with him for a while. Dwight picks him up, and on the drive Dwight shows his nasty side for the first time, threatening Toby with what he will do to him if he doesn't behave. He has Toby's hair cut, enrolls him in the boy scouts and gets him a paper route. Soon Caroline and Dwight are married. It soon turns out there are many things they don't see eye to eye on, starting with their wedding night. Dwight has a loose temper and has no time for objections. Toby protests when Dwight keeps the money from Toby's paper route and won't buy him gym shoes, but Caroline doesn't want to get in the middle of their differences. Dwight tells stories of how he used to beat people up and teaches Toby to do the same. Toby has new friends in Concrete, but also meets Arthur (Jonah Blechman), an outsider who does not like to be called a homo. At first they fight, but later they become friends. One night Toby takes Dwight's car out for a drive, and when Dwight finds out he beats Toby. Toby asks his mother if they could leave town again, but Caroline says she can't run anymore and that the best thing is to stay. Two years later. Kennedy is running for president, and Caroline wants to work for his campaign, to the displeasure of Dwight, who is as abusive as ever. Toby has his sights set on leaving town. He wants to apply for prep schools, but he has bad grades and has to get Arthur to help him fake his transcript. When schools start to decline his applications, he realizes that he may have to stay in Concrete like his friends and gets a job in a grocery store. But one school accepts his application and sends an interviewer, who Toby successfully convinces of his suitability for higher education. When Dwight learns that Toby has received a scholarship he attacks Toby with a mustard jar, and they end up in a fight only ended by Caroline and a baseball bat. Caroline finally realizes that she doesn't have to put up with Dwight, and she and Toby leave town as Dwight complains about his misfortune. At a bus stop, Toby says goodbye to his mother as she leaves on a Greyhound, and he waits for his own bus to depart a few hours later. Titles tell us about the later fates of the characters, including Dwight living in Concrete until the end of his life, Caroline remarrying happily and Toby being expelled from the prep school, serving in Vietnam and becoming an author.
tt0472198
Biography,Crime,Drama
The film begins on March 8,1997 in L.A. with a party playing the popular song Hypnotize (The Notorious B.I.G. song)|Hypnotize. Biggie is seen sitting at his chair smoking a cigar, as dancers, including Faith Evans and Puff Daddy dance. Biggie, Puff Daddy, and his other friends are driving. They stop at a red light and while the guys are flirting with the girls outside. A black Chevy Impala pulls up and fires several shots at Biggie. The film then flashes back through many scenes all the way to 1983 showing Biggie as a kid. Biggie writes several songs, as he's made fun of by some school girls. Soon Biggie's mother, Voletta Wallace comes back to face with Biggie's father, who left when he was a child. There's a fight that Biggie witnesses and continues to listen to his music. Biggie soon starts "hustling" and being involved with drugs. Then in 1990, when Biggie is seventeen, he and his friend D-Roc (Dennis L.A. White) start to hustle with friend Lil Cease. Biggie wins a rap compeition on the streets and sees a beautiful girl named Lil Kim. After leaving the battle Voletta becomes aware of Biggie's drug dealing and kicks him out onto the street, where he finds his own place and starts getting money. Biggie finds himself in prison for 2 or 3 years.He is then released from prison and he goes to see Janet, his girlfriend and their new daughter. Biggie's mom has forgiven him for what he has done. After making up with his mother he goes to find D-Roc and Lil Cease and other friends and records a demo called "Microphone Murder." Biggie soon meets Puff Daddy, an ambitious producer for Uptown Records. Puff Daddy promises Biggie that he'll become a millionaire and that a record deal is right around the corner for him. Also, Biggie meets up with Lil Kim and begins a relationship. A few days later Biggie meets up with D-Roc and is caught with drugs by a nearby cop. Two police cars chase after Biggie and D-Roc. As they run Biggie throws his pistol into a nearby bush. Eventually they both get caught and are interviewed by a cop, who says that one of them must go away for carrying an illegal firearm. D-Roc takes the fall saying that Biggie has a chance in the rap game and if someone like him can make it then they can all make it. Puff Daddy soon reveals to Biggie that he got fired, but tells Biggie that some time soon he'll get a record deal. Later, Voletta reveals she has breast cancer and Biggie struggles with his life all around him. As the days go by Puff Daddy begins his own record label, Bad Boy Records. Biggie starts recording songs for his new album after he gets paid his first check by Puff Daddy after a small party. Biggie records for his first album. He gets down his supposed first single, but Puff Daddy refuses saying there's another track that Biggie can record. The track is called Juicy (The Notorious B.I.G. song)|Juicy. Biggie's friend laugh at it, but Biggie eventually records the first single and they actually enjoy it. At a photoshoot Biggie meets Faith Evans. They begin a relationship, even though Faith Evans has a kid named China. Then they get married 9 days later. Meanwhile, Biggie continues to ignore his relationship with Janet and their child together. Biggie begins a friendship with Tupac Shakur, who is already a big rapper and music star. Biggie celebrates for his album Ready To Die with Tupac and actually looks up at him. Ready To Die does amazing for fans. As this goes on Janet visit Faith Evans and ask her is Biggie is home and to tell him that to visit his daughter once in a while. And Faith is disappointed that Biggie hasn't seen his kid. Driven by this Faith Evans goes to check on Biggie and sees him with another woman. Faith Evans punches the girl and leaves Biggie in disgust. Biggie goes to the studio to find Puff Daddy and Faith Evans recording. Faith forgives Biggie and they make up. As this continues, tensions between Biggie, Faith and Lil Kim continue to grow. Things change suddenly when Tupac is shot in Quad Studios and full blaims it on Puff Daddy, Biggie and Bad Boy Records. At The Source Awards in 1995, Death Row Records' Suge Knight makes a speech dissing Puff Daddy and Bad Boy Records, claiming Death Row is the place to be. Soon the disagreement has escalated into a east vs west beef and attacks are made on both sides. The friendship between Biggie and Tupac is crushed. Tupac meets up with Biggie and verbally fights him, but decides to leave when Biggie's security pulls out a pistol. This whole thing is bringing down Biggie and making him clueless about what to do next. A track is leaked called "Who Shot Ya?" which claims to diss Tupac. The streets heat up and continue to pick sides. Biggie and Puff claim that Who Shot Ya? was recorded before any of this happened, but Suge Knight and Tupac claim otherwise. Biggie is walking out of his house one day to see Lil Cease with a magazine with Tupac and Faith Evans hugging each other. Biggie becomes a completely different person as he interrupts an interview with Faith Evans and a local news station and starts to run after Faith, until she hides from Biggie and Biggie is forced to go away by one of his managers, Mark. Biggie soon meets up with Faith, who is packing ready to leave. Faith says that Tupac and her met at the House of Blues and simply took a picture. Biggie tries to make Faith laugh, but it isn't enough and tensions grow between them. Fights continue, until in 1996 Tupac is shot in Las Vegas with Suge Knight in the car with him. Tupac dies and is seen in the papers by Biggie and Lil Cease. Biggie calls his mother, Voletta to consult. Voletta claims that Tupac's mother is brave and says that he probably died because of their arguements. Biggie has trouble handling with Tupac's death. He didn't expect it and no one did. On top of everything he has relationship problems with Faith Evans, Janet and Lil Kim. Biggie starts to clean everything up by meeting with Janet and his first kid more and more often. Biggie and Lil Cease are driving one day when they crash in the car, forcing Biggie to have a cane for the rest of his life. While in hospital, Biggie is met by D-Roc, who has just been released from prison. Biggie, D-Roc and Lil Cease all reunite as Biggie decides to go to LA to promote for his upcoming album Life After Death. Biggie, Lil Cease, D-Roc, Puff Daddy and Faith Evans all go to Los Angeles for promotion. Biggie gets death threats on Lil Cease's phone several times. That night Biggie is in the back of an award show and complains about the size of his shoes. Puff Daddy calms him down. Biggie reveals that Faith Evans is pregnant with a boy, CJ. Before leaving Biggie calls Lil' Kim and appologizes and tells her he would like to talk when he gets back, Biggie then leaves the award show in an SUV, with Puff Daddy in the other van. At an intersection another car pulls up and fires into their vehical. Biggie is shot several times and is mortally injured. A few days later Voletta, Puff Daddy, Lil Cease, D-Roc, Lil' Kim, Faith Evans and others all grieve over the death of Biggie at the funeral. In a black limo Voletta leaves. Fans everywhere are shouting. As Voletta leaves she hears her boy's voice. Overwhelmed with the bittersweet moment she sees hears a nearby boy is playing B.I.G.'s debut single "Juicy". This is so sad I want to cry to my mommy.
tt0416508
Biography,Drama,Romance
The film begins by panning over the breath taking English country side and to a quaint country home. This is where the Rev. and Mrs. Austen live with their family. While everyone else is sound asleep, Jane is up writing. She then gets up and wakes the entire household by playing loudly on the piano. The noise startles both Robert and Cassandra. Cassandra is Jane's sister and Robert is her fiance. Both Robert and Cassandra run out of their own rooms to see what the noise is and Robert catches a glimpse of Cassandra in her night gown which prompts the latter to smile slyly and then rush back to her own room. Mrs. Austen, who was trying to sleep, complains that Jane needs a husband. Rev. Austen, lying next to her, comments that because he has set an example of perfection, Jane can not be satisfied with anything less. The couple then playfully banter before rising for church. Meanwhile, Tom Lefroy is in London. He is the nephew of a very prominent judge but enjoys sowing his wild oats. Tom spends a lot of his time boxing, drinking, and enjoying the company of prostitutes and mistresses. His family is very poor, but his stern uncle has taken him under his wing in hopes that Tom will prove to be a respectable lawyer one day. Tom is friends with Henry Austen, a recent Oxford graduate who will be returning home soon. One day, Tom comes in late to court where his uncle is presiding. It is the last straw. His uncle speaks with him in private, saying that he is fed up with Tom. As punishment, he is sending Tom to the country side where Henry lives (as well as some other members of the Lefroy family.) Back in the country, there is a small gathering to celebrate Henry's recent graduation and homecoming. The Austen's distant and widowed cousin Eliza is there. She is quite wealthy and extremely beautiful and catches Henry's eye even though she is older than he is. The guests at the party beg Jane to do a reading. Apparently she is quite well known in their small community for her humorous writings. She happily stands up to read something dedicated to her sister and has barely begun when Tom strolls in - quite late. She is extremely annoyed and flustered, but continues reading. She is insulted when, while everyone else is laughing, Tom appears to be falling asleep. After she completes the reading, she overhears Tom commenting on her writing as being unremarkable and only so-so. (Very similar to the scene in Austen's Pride and Prejudice where Elizabeth hears Mr. Darcy commenting on her merely "tolerable" appearance.) Extremely upset, Jane tears up some of her writing and casts it into a fire. Later, Tom goes out for a walk where he encounters Jane. They bicker about her writing, but sparks fly between them. Jane defends her writing, saying that he did not understand it because it was ironic. They part after a verbal sparring, but you can tell Tom is intrigued by her. The chemistry continues to build when Jane performs far better than Tom anticipated in a cricket match. He is forever being surprised by her. Then one day, Jane accidentally encounters Tom in a friend's library. He tells her that if she is serious about writing, she needs to have her horizons ... widened. He seems to be trying to seduce her and the prospect of it flusters Jane, who finds herself only a breath apart from Tom's lips. He hands her a book though (I think it was called "The History of Tom Jones") and tells her to read it if she really wants to be a novelist. Jane reads the book, which is rather scandalous. It depicts a woman's breasts and even has drawings of a topless women. She reads it anyway and when Tom asks her what she thought of it, she replies that she found it objectionable. However, she says it was not the characters or their lack of morality that she found it was unrealistic. Bad things happened to bad people in the book, she says, but that is not true to real life. In real life, Jane remarks, perfectly odious people (like Tom, she adds), succeed while good and noble people often fail. Jane says that a novel should reflect real life and real things. Once again, Tom is surprised by her and they develop of chemistry-fueled friendship. This makes things slightly difficult for Jane because her mother is encouraging her to accept a courtship with a nice-looking and friendly (but very dull) Mr. Wisley. Wisley is rich and has a very protective and snooty aunt who controls him (much like Lady Catherine de Bourgh from P&P). His aunt requests that he and Jane take a walk in the "pretty bit of wilderness" near the house (something that Jane immediately writes down and later appears in P&P spoken by Lady Catherine.) Jane doesn't want to take a private walk with Wisley, but she has no other choice. As expected, he takes the opportunity to propose. Jane says that she is honored by the sincerity of his proposal, but that she cannot consider it since she does not feel affection for him. He is embarrassed but says wisely that he has found that shy affection has often blossomed into great love. He walks away, leaving the impression that there is far more to him than meets the eye, but Jane cannot help that she does not love him. Jane's mother is outraged that Jane has not accepted Wisley's proposal. She herself married for love and the family is now very poor. She doesn't want Jane to suffer the same fate. Jane disagrees though. She believes that even if she never marries, she can support herself with her writing. Jane's mother vehemently disagrees. Later at a ball, Jane is searching for Tom but instead, Wisley's aunt finds her. In a very condescending tone, the aunt says that Jane has no choice but to marry her nephew even if she is just a poor daughter of a no-name clergyman. Jane is insulted and leaves. She is asked to dance by Wisley and she sadly agrees, believing Tom is not in attendance. She looks depressed throughout the dance until Tom takes her hand. He has slipped into the French contra line dance when Jane wasn't looking. The way the dance is structured, people exchange partners occasionally. Wisley notices that Jane seems to have come alive in Tom's presence. Later, Jane slips out to be by herself. Tom joins her and they share a private moment. He is leaving for London the next day. Jane leans in to kiss Tom and Tom leans back, but she continues and kisses him soundly. They break apart breathlessly and Jane asks if she did it (the kiss) well. Tom replies most enthusiastically that she did it quite well. They hear people coming, so Tom pulls Jane off into the trees where they kiss. Tom then confesses his love for her and that he is hers forever. Desperately in love, Tom decides to make his case to his very stern and un-romantic uncle who believes love leads to poverty. Tom, Jane, Henry, and Eliza all make a visit to Tom's uncle's home in London. His uncle is excited to see Eliza because she is nobility through her late husband, but he mostly ignores Jane. That night, Henry and Eliza discreetly share a room but Tom and Jane must settle for a very breathless goodnight. During this trip, Jane begins writing "First Impressions," the original title of her book "Pride and Prejudice." The next morning, Tom is preparing to ask his uncle for his consent to marry Jane. (His uncle gives him an allowance so Tom is completely dependent upon him.) Unfortunately, someone has sent a letter to his uncle portraying Jane as a husband hunter. Tom says he wanted his uncle to meet Jane for himself but his uncle is horrified and outraged. Jane is saddened but she believes she and Tom can still find a way to marry. Unfortunately, Tom doesn't have the courage to leave his uncle. Jane tearfully leaves with Eliza and Henry. (At this point, events might be slightly out of order. Sorry!) Once home, Jane resigns herself to her fate and decides to marry Wisley. She is upset with herself because deep down, she feels like she is betraying her convictions by marrying for money instead of affection. During a dinner with Wisley and his aunt, the family receives a disturbing letter. Cassandra's fiance who briefly left for an overseas trip to the Indies, has died of yellow fever. Jane is distraught. Her and her sister have both fared badly with love. It seems that no one will ever have a happy ending. Jane continues writing "First Impressions," something her sister Cassandra enjoys hearing about as well. She asks, "How does it begin?" "Badly," Jane replies. "And then?" "It gets worse." But you can tell that Jane wants all the characters she invents to be luckier in love than she has been. Things take another disappointing turn when Jane learns from Henry and Eliza that Tom is back from London and that he is engaged. A short time later, Jane is on a walk with her brother George, who is deaf. He only has a small part in the film, but we know enough to know that Jane can communicate with him through sign language and they enjoy walks together. While they are walking, Tom appears. Even though the George is deaf, he can tell that the two of them are in love. Tom is attempting to explain himself to Jane when he breaks down and kisses her, telling her he cannot live this lie. They decide to forsake everything else and elope. Eloping means that they can never return to England, they will be poverty stricken, and Jane will probably find it difficult to write. Cassandra, the only one who knows what Jane is planning, explains this to Jane. But Jane asks if she would be willing to elope with Robert if it meant she could have him back. Cassandra understands and lets Jane go. Jane and Tom are thrilled and excited, but while they are on the coach, the wheel becomes stuck. Tom needs to help the coachmen, so he hands Jane his coat to hold while he helps. Jane notices a letter in his coat pocket. It is from his family. They are thanking him for the money he has been sending. Apparently, Tom was getting an allowance from his uncle and sending money back to his family to feed them. The letter expresses gratitude and they exclaim that they do not know what they would do without him. Jane realizes that Tom's entire family is depending on him and if they elope, he will no longer be able to provide for them. Jane tries to keep the new knowledge to herself, but her conscience gets the better of her and she asks Tom about his family. He is dismissive of her worries because he believes he can find a way to make money for them all anyway. Jane knows better though. She knows that they will probably have children too and there will be no way for Tom to provide for everyone. She believes that if she marries him, the guilt she feels will gradually erode their love. She tells Tom goodbye and leaves on a coach going in the opposite direction with Tom's face fading into the distance. Jane arrives back at home where everyone is looking for her. A young man who studies at the church with her father (John Warren) says that he will marry Jane and that he has been in love with her for a long time. Jane realizes he is the one who sent the letter to Tom's uncle. Jane cannot believe that love could have failed her and her sister so much. The family welcomes Jane back with open arms. One Sunday morning they walk to attend church together when a carriage pulls up along side them. It is Wisley and his aunt, who says she will not attend church since Jane is going to be there and she embarrassed by their family. Jane's family stands behind her and Wisley admires Jane's independence. He suddenly gets out of the carriage and asserts himself to his aunt, who is shocked. Wisley and Jane take a walk and Jane apologizes to him for her actions. He accepts her apology and says he believes he could love her but that he is prideful enough to want love in return. They agree to part as friends. He asks about what she will do and Jane says she will support herself through her writing. He asks if her characters will have happy endings. Jane says that, after a little trouble, her characters will have all they desire. He remarks that it is a "truth universally acknowledged" and Jane absorbs that statement (it later appears as the first line of P&P). Time flashes forward several years. A group of people are listening to an opera. The camera pans over the crowd and we see Eliza and Henry who have been married for a long time now. A much older Jane is seated with them. After the opera, a young teen girl approaches Jane as if she is a celebrity and exclaims how much she loves the book Pride & Prejudice. Henry quickly steps in and says that Jane is trying to remain anonymous. Jane then catches sight of Tom in the distance but he disappears. Henry goes after him, much to Jane's embarrassment. Jane and Eliza are talking when Henry brings back Tom who has a young girl on his arm. Tom says that he would like to introduce Jane Austen's biggest fan to her, his daughter. Jane is polite but when the girl pleads with her to do a public reading, Jane says that she can't because she is trying to remain anonymous. Tom's daughter objects, but Tom silences her saying, "Jane!" Tom has named his daughter Jane, after the one woman he loved. This is disconcerting to Jane, who immediately realizes why Tom named his daughter after her. She then concedes to do a reading. During the reading, you can see Tom toying with the wedding ring on his finger as he longingly watches his daughter and Jane read. The screen fades to black and writing appears on the screen, informing us that neither Jane or Cassandra ever married and Tom truly named his eldest daughter Jane.
tt0421082
Biography,Drama,Music
Control is the biography of Joy Division lead singer Ian Curtis, taking his story from schoolboy days of 1973 to his suicide on the eve of the band's first American tour in 1980. In this time we see Curtis grow from David Bowie-infatuated teen to Sex Pistols-inspired punk, and eventually to rising new wave star. The movie explores the pressures he felt, from his epilepsy, a failing marriage, his new lover, and a band that relied on him - all in an attempt to explain his decision to hang himself at the age of 23. The movie is based on Deborah Curtis's biography "Touching from a Distance" .
tt0110005
Biography,Crime,Drama
New Zealand, 1952. Fourteen-year-old Pauline Rieper (Melanie Lynskey) is a student at a strict all-girls high school in Christchurch, South Island, New Zealand. She resides with her working-class parents, Herbert and Honora (Simon O'Connor and Sarah Peirse), whose home doubles as a boarding house. Introverted Pauline sleeps in a small furnished hut in the yard. Pauline's life changes dramatically when she befriends wealthy British transfer student Juliet Hulme (Kate Winslet), the daughter of a respected physicist. Pauline's quiet nature is countered by Juliet's charisma and outspokenness, and the girls quickly become inseparable. Juliet is unafraid of authority, impressing Pauline by fearlessly correcting their French teacher during class and by ignoring their art teacher's instructions altogether. They are also the only two girls in their class forbidden from taking part in gym activities, due to childhood battles with bone disease, on Pauline's part, and lung disease on Juliet's. They spend this class period bonding over their passions for music, art, film, and literature. They share a particular fondness for the music of popular tenor Mario Lanza, and for the actor James Mason. Pauline is invited to visit Juliet at the Hulme home, a stately mansion on a sprawling property of woods and creeks. Juliet and her younger brother Jonathan (Ben Skjellerup) often dress up and play fantasy games in the fairy tale-like setting. Pauline is awed by the lifestyle of the Hulmes, but becomes a regular visitor as her friendship with Juliet grows. Juliet occasionally visits Pauline at her parents' house, but Honora is nervous and uncomfortable with Juliet's large personality, while Pauline is embarrassed by her father's questions and silly comments. Juliet and Pauline create a fantasy kingdom called Borovina, about which they write stories, create models of the characters, and eventually interact with each other as the invented king and queen, Charles (Pauline) and Deborah (Juliet). They also elaborate on Juliet's theory of the afterlife, "the Fourth World," where they believe their favorite film stars and musicians will be saints. The girls hope to one day become famous actresses in America, and to have their stories about Borovina published. Pauline spends extensive time at the Hulme house with Juliet and her parents, Henry and Hilda (Clive Merrison and Diana Kent), and Juliet's younger brother Jonathan (Ben Skjellerup), even joining them on vacations. During this time, Pauline sees the dysfunction that exists within the Hulme family. Juliet has a deep abandonment issues, stemming from her childhood when her parents left her in the Bahamas for five years to recover from a bout of illness. When Dr. and Mrs. Hulme mention they are planning a trip to London together, Juliet becomes very upset and channels her resentment into her relationship with Pauline, continuing to construct an alternate reality of bliss and hopefulness that becomes more and more real to both girls. Shortly before her parents' departure, Juliet contracts tuberculosis and is sent to a clinic for four months. At the beginning of her stay, her parents (somewhat reluctantly) tell her that it's not too late to cancel their trip to London, if that's what she wants, but they quickly change the subject and bid Juliet a brief goodbye. Juliet is miserable at being abandoned by her parents again, especially during another bout of illness, and remains angry until she is visited by Pauline and Honora. While Honora is anxious about Pauline becoming ill as well, the girls are overjoyed to see each other again. They continue to communicate via frequent letters detailing both their own thoughts and those of Charles and Deborah. With Juliet away, Pauline begins to seek new experiences to fill the emotional void. She allows the persistent affections of John (Jed Brophy), an awkward young man boarding at the Rieper's house who claims to be in love with Pauline and comes to her room at night. Though Pauline is annoyed by his presence, she allows him to climb into bed with her to have sex. She remains oblivious to his intentions at first, as her thoughts are occupied with Juliet, Borovina, and her disdain for school, but John soon makes his true feelings known. They are caught together by Pauline's father, who evicts John and is deeply angered and hurt by his daughter's behavior. Her mother, Honora, is furious as well, calling her a "tart" who brings shame on their family, and forces Pauline to move back into the main house where she can be kept out of trouble. Pauline continues to sneak out to see John, whom she calls "Nicholas" after one of her and Juliet's characters from Borovina, though she has no real interest in him, and allows him to have sex with her simply out of resentment for her parents. When Juliet is well enough to return home, the girls resume their relationship, which only grows in intensity. Juliet's father Henry is disturbed with the obsessive behaviors of the girls, and nervously meets with Pauline's parents to reveal his concerns. Though he admits that he has seen no explicitly inappropriate behavior from the girls, he recommends that Pauline see a doctor friend of his, Dr. Bennett (Gilbert Goldie), who also has a background in child psychology. After interviewing a sullen Pauline, Dr. Bennett tells Honora that Pauline is likely going through a homosexual phase, but that it will likely wear off as Pauline matures. With homosexuality being considered a mental illness at the time (not to mention the social implications from the largely Catholic community), the parents of the girls agree that the friendship must taper off. Meanwhile, Hilda Hulme's affair with her marriage counseling patient, Bill Perry (Peter Elliott), is discovered by Henry and they agree to divorce. Henry resigns from his position as rector of the University of Canterbury and plans to move back to England. After being told the news of this final abandonment, Juliet is told that she will be sent to live with a relative in South Africa, using the excuse that the warm climate will be better for her health. Juliet and Pauline will be allowed to spend three weeks together before the move. Pauline makes a desperate plea to her mother to be allowed to move to South Africa with Juliet, but Honora flatly refuses to allow it. Pauline begins to despise her mother for her role in breaking up the relationship, which has endured and blossomed for the past two years, and her thoughts turn violent as her time with Juliet begins to run out. After viewing an Orson Welles film at the local cinema 'The Third Man', Juliet and Pauline return home to Juliet's house where they finally consummate their feelings towards each other and make love for the first time. With their romantic bond cemented, Juliet and Pauline entertain a rather flimsy plan to run away together to America, but following the scheme's collapse, they decide to kill Pauline's mother to remove what they believe to be the chief obstacle to their fantasy life. On June 22, 1954, they arrange an outing with Honora to Victoria Park, where the three of them stop for tea before going for a walk in the woods. After a bit of hiking, Juliet distracts Honora by dropping a pink gemstone onto the path and directing Honora's attention to it. While Honora is bent over examining the stone, Pauline extracts a brick in a stocking from her purse. She and Juliet take turns bludgeoning Honora until she is dead, and then run screaming, drenched in blood, back to the tea shop where they tell the shopkeep that "Mummy's been terribly hurt." The final scenes are a montage black and white fantasy segment of Juliet's parents taking her away on a ship while Pauline watches from the docks as she and her one true love, Juliet, are separated as a result of their murderous actions forever. The film closes with an on-screen text saying that the girls' story of Honora's "accidental" death quickly dissolves, and both are arrested after police find Pauline's diary which explicitly outlined their murder plan. Pauline is charged under her mother's maiden name, Parker, after it was discovered that her parents were not legally wed. Being too young for the death penalty, Juliet Hulme and Pauline Parker were convicted of murder and served five years in prison and were released in late 1959 under the condition that they never contact each other again. Juliet returned to England with her mother, while Pauline remained in New Zealand until 1965 when she left and her current whereabouts are unknown. Neither of them saw each other again.
tt0077928
Biography,Crime,Drama
This movie is based loosely on Billy Hayes' book Midnight Express about his five year experience in the Turkish prison system. The movie was exaggerated for dramatic effect. October 6, 1970. Opening scene has a xenophobic soundtrack of machine guns, Muslim prayer cries, and synthesizer music and a glimpse of Istanbul, Turkey during twilight with shots of the Bosphorus Strait, a mosque, and the downtown area with seagulls flying about . It is portrayed as a very spooky, forbidding place. While finishing up on his vacation in Istanbul, Turkey, American college student Billy Hayes (Brad Davis) is in his hotel room and straps several pounds of hashish (about two kilograms) to his body. The film's soundtrack consists of an increasing heartbeat. Billy is at the airport, nervous at being caught smuggling, goes to the washroom to wet his face and attempt to relax himself, and makes his way with his girlfriend, Susan (Irene Miracle), through customs. Billy perspires heavily, noticed by the middle aged, chain-smoking customs agent who checks his bag. After his bags are searched, both Billy and Susan board a shuttle bus to their plane. Billy smiles and is relieved thinking he is out of danger. However, as the bus pulls up to the plane, he notices that a large detachment of armed police and soldiers have taken up positions just outside the plane. Unable to detach and discard the hashish, and sweating heavily, Billy is arrested on the spot when he is frisked by a young Turkish policeman and his comrades, who immediately point their guns at Billy, thinking he may be dangerous. Billy is taken away and back to security and searched, his bags being thoroughly searched and all items such as cigarettes, camera film, and toothpaste are searched and destroyed. He is forced to stand around in his underwear. Afterward, the Turkish security chief of the airport makes Billy stand for several press photographs of him holding the confiscated drugs with the smiling customs officers and then slaps them around after Billy reveals more hash in his boots they didn't find. A little later, Billy is forced to stand naked with the customs officers staring and grinning at him and an unidentified southern American man (Bo Hopkins), presumably an agent with the DEA, walks in. He is calm and kind with Billy and takes him to a local police station where he is is interrogated where Tex translates for a local Turkish detective whom offers Billy freedom if he points out who sold him the hash. He takes Billy downtown the next morning to the bazaar where he claims to have purchased the hashish and tells Billy that recent terrorist airline hijackings have made the Turks much more fanatical about airport security and that the potency or type of drug that Billy was caught with doesn't matter: the Turkish government wants to appear tough on smuggling. Billy is at the restaurant that seems to be a popular place with young American hippies where the sale happened and tries to run from his security escort. He is quickly caught by Tex himself, whose previously friendly attitude suddenly changes for the worse as he his holding a gun to his head. During his first night in holding, Billy has his hair cut short and is put into a filthy cell by a trustee, Rifki, (Paolo Bonacelli) whom refuses to give him a blanket for warmth because he's not selling any at the time, then sneaks out of his tiny cell and takes a blanket in storage. He is later rousted out of his cell by the trustee and taken to a large guard named Hamidou (Paul L. Smith), the chief of guards, who takes him to another filthy room, the basement, trusses Billy's ankles in the air and hits the soles of his feet repeatedly with his club for stealing the blanket. Billy's feet swell immensely and he is left in horrific pain. The next morning, a small group of prisoners, Jimmy (Randy Quaid), a towering and hot-tempered American, and Erich, a kindly Swede, get him on his feet and walking (they tell him his feet will continue to swell and his recovery will be longer if he doesn't move around). Jimmy was sentenced for attempting to rob a mosque and Erich was busted for smuggling about 100 grams of hash and given a 12-year sentence. Jimmy is quite sure Billy will receive a stiff sentence, but Erich remains optimistic that he just needs a good lawyer. Jimmy shows Billy around how to navigate the minefield of the prison and, being a foreigner, not to trust any of the Turks, especially the children there who rat out prisoners to Hamidou. The prison resembles an old barracks from the 1800's. Billy is introduced to Max (John Hurt), is a bespectacled, introverted, unkempt, 30-something junkie uninterested in small talk that injects himself with "gastro" a stomach medicine with codeine. Max has been in prison the longest for drug dealing (seven years and counting), while Erich has already served four years and Jimmy around three. Billy and Erich are conversing with him to get a lawyer and Max is in a haze telling Billy about the Turkish justice system and that all Turkish lawyers are crooked and that he just needs to escape the best way he knows how, catching the "Midnight Express", a train that doesn't stop at the prison. He refers to him a lawyer named Yesil that got off a Frenchman for smuggling 200 kilos. A few weeks later, Billy's father (Mike Kellin) arrives and embraces him, forgiving his mistake and introduces him to Stanley Daniels (Michael Ensign) of the American Consulate and his requested lawyer Yesil to defend him. Yesil is a fat, shifty, greasy-haired, chain-smoking, ever-smiling man with gold teeth that promises Billy to get him the right court and judge and not to worry. Their goal is to get bail for Billy and a fake passport to get him across to Greece to leave. Billy appears before a local Turkish court before a panel of three judges to hear his case and defend him. But Billy's shifty and uninterested lawyer does little to combat the charges brought by an angry prosecutor, who wants Billy charged with more than possession: If Billy is charged with smuggling over mere possession, his sentence will be heavier. After the three judges deliberate for an uncertain amount of time, Billy is sentenced to serve a prison term of four years and two months for possession of hashish at the Sagmalcilar Prison. Billy and his father appear devastated while his defense lawyer argues that it is a good thing because the judges (sympathetic to Billy) turned down the prosecutor's request to convict Billy for smuggling or impose a life sentence in order to make an example of him. Billy's father gives him a care package of snacks, cigarettes, writing paper, toiletries, and loses his temper that he's unable to get him out of prison. He warns Billy not to do anything stupid and that they can play with his sentence. They tearfully depart. Over the next several months, Billy slowly adjusts to prison life. Jimmy gets stabbed in the behind for treating a Turkish prisoner badly and Hamidou beats several of the young boys on their soles believing to have raped a new young inmate, with his two pudgy sons looking on and him warning them about what happens if they break the law. He is also given the truth about Rifki, the trustee, who informs on other prisoners for unheard-of privileges and favors and has a special distaste for foreigners. Rifki also sells watery tea, low-grade hashish, steals from his fellow inmates, and seems to have an unlimited (for incarceration) supply of money to bribe the poorly paid guards. When Max offends Rifki, the informant kills Max's pet cat. In June of 1972, Billy meets with his lawyer Yesil again with Yesil assuring him of convincing Turkish officials to lose his records before the high court in Ankara can review his case for the right amount of money. Billy is bored and uninterested at Yesil's visit, feeling it's all empty promises. Jimmy shows Billy and Max blueprints to the prison of catacombs. They believe they can access them through a wall in the kitchen and go underneath or simply climbing over the wall. Max dismisses Jimmy's idea as foolish and Billy does not want to risk trying to escape fearing that if he's caught it will add time to his sentence. An angry Jimmy decides to go ahead with it himself, being caught and badly beaten with a leather strap by Hamidou and sent to the sanitarium. In June of 1974, Billy's friend, Erich, is granted transfer to prison in his home country, more than likely leaving there after a short term because of Sweden's lenient laws, and leaves the prison after serving around eight years. Billy farewells with him and marks down his prison time to 53 days. After almost four years in the prison, Billy is informed that his case will be reviewed again. Thinking he's being let go early for good behavior, Billy rushes to meet with Stanley Daniels, the representative from the US ambassador's office in the Turkish capital city of Ankara. However, Daniels has bad news; the High Court in the Turkish capital of Ankara has heard a different argument from the prosecutor who has appealed the four-year term verdict, and is seeking to charge Billy with smuggling hashish and make an example of him. Since double-jeopardy law does not exist in Turkey like it does in the US, any accused can be tried more then once for the same crime on appeal or should new evidence surface. At another courtroom hearing, a distraught Billy rails against the three judges, the prosecutor, his own lawyer, the Turkish legal system, and the nation of Turkey itself. Speaking through a translator, with a mixture of anger and pity in his voice, the chief judge tells Billy that his hands are tied by Ankara and has no choice but to give him a life sentence. Billy is given a minimum sentence of 30 years, with time already served, for smuggling of hashish. A saddened Billy sits in his cell with a sense of hopelessness that night, but now wants to go forward with Jimmy's original plan of escape. The stones used as walls in their section's kitchen are cemented in place with mortar that has weakened greatly in the dank conditions. Jimmy, Billy and Max discover two such stones and are able to remove them, finding a shaft behind them that leads to a system of flooded catacombs under the prison. The three of them spend two nights and hours searching for an escape route. However, once they do go underneath, it turns out the Turks have long since blocked off every tunnel. The three give up and replace the stones. Rifki finds their secret in the kitchen the next morning after their unsuccessful escape attempt and immediately tells Hamidou. Hamidou suspects Jimmy of being responsible after what happened the first time and drags him off for punishment again, and is never seen from then on. Billy and Max figure out a revenge scheme: they find Rifki's stash of hidden money and destroy it by burning part and boiling the other part. In retaliation, a raid is performed by Hamidou and Rifki plays a charade with Hamidou and frames Max for hashish possession. Hamidou has Max dragged off for punishment like Jimmy was. Billy loses it after all he's been through and savagely attacks Rifki in the washroom, chasing and beating the traitor until he bites out the man's tongue out. Billy is taken away by guards, beaten, and sent to the prison's insane asylum. In October 1975, Billy has now been reduced to a catatonic and unkempt shadow of his former self in the prison's ward for the insane where he wanders in a daze among the other disturbed and catatonic prisoners, many of which look mentally incapacitated. His activities seem to consist solely of walking in a circle around a pillar with other prisoners. Max is running from guards for an unknown infraction and is grabbed by Hamidou and thrown across the place and severely injured. One day a prisoner, named Ahmet, a convicted child rapist and college-educated philosopher tries to talk to him about "bad machines" to no avail. A group of men are doing their morning Muslim prayers and the guards hit the inmates with their sticks waking them up out of bed. Billy is hit, howls out of sleep, and horrified, making it evident he is suffering badly from PTSD. After 5 years, Billy is visited by Susan, who tells him that US senators are trying to work on his case to get him out, pleads with him to put himself together and get out of there unless he wants to die, and passes him a photo album of his family and tells him it has a picture of his "good friend, Mr. Franklin, from the bank". Susan, feeling devastated at Billy's horribly bedraggled state, also opens her blouse so Billy can masturbate. A guard takes him away, leaving Susan even more devastated. The next morning, Billy is walking the pillar in the opposite direction, which is forbidden in the Muslim code. Ahmet meets him telling him it's wrong that a good Muslim always walks right. His words seem restore some of Billy's sanity and Billy tells him that he himself is the man that makes the machines. Ahmet walks away horrified. Billy goes into the filthy sanatorium washroom and inspects the album closely, finding numerous $100 bills hidden inside the cover lining totaling around $2,000 in cash. He passes by an almost dead Max to hold on and stay alive that he's leaving and will come back for him. Max wakes up and is somewhat conscious. Billy sees Hamidou taking a restraining belt off a now dead inmate and about to leave. He approaches Hamidou with part of the money and tries to bribe his longtime enemy to take him to the sanitarium that Jimmy had spoken about where the guards are more lax in their duties. Hamidou accepts Billy's bribe but drags Billy past the entrance to the sanitarium, to a large dressing room filled with guard uniforms and with pegs set into the walls. Hamidou beats Billy, yells about how he's fed up with him, and attempts to rape him when Billy suddenly rushes Hamidou and pushes him forcefully backwards. Hamidou, flailing and trying to regain his footing, slams into the wall, driving a clothes peg into the back of his head, dying instantly. For a short time, Billy considers shooting the dead man with his sidearm but decides not to. Billy dresses himself in a guard's uniform and reclaiming his money, walks through the prison unnoticed to the front door. As he walks down the stairs, another guard stops him and throws him the keys to the door telling him (in Turkish) to remember to lock up when he checks out. Billy walks out to the street, slowing down only briefly when a police jeep rushes past him. He runs away, the frame freezing on him as he takes a victorious leap. A title card tells us that on the night of October 4, 1975, Billy was able to cross the Turkish border into Greece and flew home to the United States three weeks later. The final shots of the film before the closing credits show Billy reuniting with his family and Susan. In the original version, it was stated after having shown the movie to the Cannes film festival, there was a demand for exchange of prisoners in Turkey to be brought to America.
tt0125664
Biography,Comedy,Drama
At the beginning, Kaufman's foreign man comes on saying (due to massive editing) it is the end of the film and plays a record alongside the end credits before walking off. Kaufman then comes back on in his normal voice saying he "Had to get rid of the people who don't understand me, and don't want to try". He then proceeds to show the actual movie on a film projector starting with his childhood home, in Long Island, New York 1957. Flashing forwards to New York City, 1973, Andy Kaufman (Jim Carrey) is a struggling performer whose act fails in nightclubs because, while the audience wants comedy, he sings childrens songs and overuses his "foreign man" character. Just as it becomes clear that Kaufman may have no real talent, he puts on a rhinestone jacket and does a dead-on Elvis impersonation and song. The audience bursts into applause, realizing Kaufman had tricked them making his big Elvis payoff all the more enjoyable. This is the first of many times we see Kaufman trick the audience, as "fooling the audience" is his performance style. His autistic, eccentric style catches the eye of talent agent George Shapiro (Danny DeVito), who signs him as a client and immediately gets Kaufman on a new sitcom, 'Taxi' in 1975, much to the dismay of sitcom-hating Kaufman. Because of the money, visibility, and chance to do his own television special, Kaufman acts on Taxi, but secretly hates it and works a second menial job as a restaurant busboy. Around this time, he gains popularity by making successful guest appearances on the new show 'Saturday Night Live'. At a nightclub, Shapiro witnesses a performance from a rude, loud-mouthed lounge singer named Tony Clifton, whom Andy wants to guest-star several times on Taxi on his terms, and whose bad attitude is matched by his horrible appearance and demeanor. When Clifton meets Shapiro privately, Clifton takes off his sunglasses and we see that he is actually Kaufman. Clifton is a villain character created by Kaufman and his creative partner, Bob Zmuda (Paul Giamatti), both of whom portray the character onstage at different times. Once again, the gag is on the audience. In 1980, Kaufman begins to have problems with his newfound fame. When he travels to college campuses, he wants to perform as he did in nightclubs, but the crowds dislike his strange sense of humor and simply want to see his more famous characters, such as Latka Gravas from Taxi and the Mighty Mouse singer from SNL. Frustrated by his dislike for Taxi, Kaufman appears on the set as Clifton and proceeds to cause chaos until he is removed from the studio lot. Kaufman relates to Shapiro that he never knows exactly how to entertain an audience ("short of faking my own death or setting the theater on fire"), so he does as he pleases. With the help of Zmuda, Kaufman decides he wants to be a professional wrestler but to increase the villain angle, he decides to wrestle only women and berate them after winning, declaring himself "Inter-Gender Wrestling Champion." He becomes smitten with one woman he wrestles, Lynne Margulies (Courtney Love). Continuing his villain wrestling character, Kaufman is despised by much of America, as he enjoys getting a rise out of everyone but fails to see that this affects his popularity (as the world fails to see he is simply playing a character, and not just being himself). Professional male wrestler Jerry "The King" Lawler challenges Kaufman to a "real" wrestling match, which Kaufman accepts. Lawler easily overpowers and seriously injures Kaufman, resulting in a major neck injury for Kaufman. When Lawler and an injured Kaufman appear on NBC's Late Night With David Letterman, Lawler attacks Kaufman again, and Kaufman spews out a vicious tirade of epithets. Once again, the joke is on the audience, as Lawler and Kaufman are revealed to be friends, and in on everything together. Unfortunately, Andy pays the price for this when he is voted off Saturday Night Live by television audience members. In 1983, Andy and Lynne move into a new house, and George calls to inform them that Taxi had been canceled, to the indifference of Kaufman. A few minutes later, Andy feels a boil on the back of his neck that is later revealed to be a cyst. In November, after gathering a meeting with his friends and family, Kaufman reveals that he has a rare form of lung cancer and may die soon. Many friends and family members refuse to believe this, thinking it another Kaufman stunt (and Zmuda actually believes a fake death would be a fantastic prank). By early 1984, Kaufman, aware that he may not have much time left, gets a booking at Carnegie Hall, his dream venue. The performance is a memorable success, and it culminates with Kaufman inviting the entire audience out for milk and cookies. Kaufmans health quickly deteriorates, and, out of options, he heads to the Philippines to seek a medical miracle (actually psychic surgery), where doctors supposedly pull out infected organs in the body. Kaufman immediately recognizes it as a scam similar to his own type of performance art, and the realization makes him laugh hysterically as the joke is on him for once. After returning to Los Angeles, Kaufman dies a few months later from the cancer at age 35. One year later, in 1985, Tony Clifton appears at Andy Kaufman's memorial tribute at The Comedy Store's main stage performing, "I Will Survive". The camera pans over the crowd and reveals Zmuda in the audience, hinting that maybe Kaufman's death was actually fake, and he is still alive somewhere. The film ends with a neon portrait of Kaufman among such comedy legends as the late Groucho Marx and Laurel and Hardy.
tt0274309
Biography,Comedy,Drama
Supremely entertaining, amazingly true story of the raucous music scene in Manchester, England- circa 1979-1992 and the man, Tony Wilson and the bands behind the movement that changed the history of pop culture forever. Wilson, as played brilliantly by Steve Coogan, narrates the movie; which has a fast paced, unconventional style of narrative in which Wilson speaks directly to the audience and explains what's going on. He basically has to, because it is often hard to tell what has just happened or what is happening from moment to moment. Surprisingly enough, this type of narrative works very well and adds a certain flair that accompanies the visceral, in-your-face style of filming, perfectly. It helps if you know something about some of the bands shown in the film (Joy Division, New Order,The Happy Mondays) or if you at least have a vague interest in learning about them. Of course, it also works on a basic comedic level too- with frenetic party scenes fueled by sex, drugs and pulsating new wave music. Though it is a film about the rise and fall of an empire - the treatment of the material is basically tongue-in-cheek and hilarious more often than thought provoking. This isn't SID & NANCY, after all- and despite a moving and very powerful eulogy to Ian Curtis (lead singer of Joy Division who hung himself in 1980), this isn't a cautionary tale at all. In fact, it's the opposite - a complete satiric parody of true events, that at their time had to be intense and somewhat tragic. It's refreshing, though, to see this type of film- free from moralizing and horrific drug withdrawal sequences, that only wishes to entertain and to tell its twisted tale. Entertaining, it is (to say the least), fast paced and extremely witty; with enough awesome music and actual archival footage of great bands in their prime to make any fan of sex, drugs and rock n roll salivate. Highly recommended.
tt0368794
Biography,Drama,Music
The film is inspired, as the credits say "by the music and many lives of Bob Dylan". We see a POV shoot of a performer walking out on a stage at his concert to perform, then it cuts to him riding his motorcycle just before he crashes, just as Dylan did in 1966. We see the crash victim is Jude Quinn (Cate Blanchett), who has an autopsy performed on him. In 1959, a 12-year-old African-American boy (Marcus Carl Franklin) is riding the rails as a hobo. He meets two older hobos and introduces himself as Woody Guthrie. Woody carries around a guitar labeled "This Machine Kills Fascists" as did the real Woody Guthrie. Woody is traveling across country to fulfill his dream to be a singer. Woody tells the other hobos his life story. He is once tried to perform with a circus but is made fun of and kicked out for unknown reasons (although wrestler Gorgeous George gives him a hand). Woody later meets and befriends an African American family where he stays at their home to be cared for, he also sings "Tombstone Blues" with two of the men. Woody later has dinner with the family where he is lectured by the family matriarch. She reminds him of the goings on of the world and tells Woody to, "Live your own time child, sing about your own time". Later that night Woody leaves the home and a note thanking the family for their hospitality and hops aboard a freight train. Later that night he falls asleep and is awakened by thieves who are looking for money and attempt to rob Woody, but he gets away by jumping off the train and into a river. He seems to imagine an unknown woman underwater and then seems to see himself getting eaten by a Moby Dick-like sperm whale. A white couple later finds him unconscious and take him to a hospital, with a little water in his lungs but he survives. The couple take him into their home to temporarily care for him and he performs "When the Ship Comes In" for them. However, they soon get a call from a juvenile correction center in Minnesota which Woody had escaped from. Woody then leaves the couple's home and takes a train ride (which brings us to the beginning of the story with the two other hobos). He hops off in New Jersey to visit his idol, the real Woody Guthrie who is slowly dying in a hospital. Woody bring flowers and weeps at Guthrie's beside, and is last seen playing a song for his comatose idol. An artist is being interrogated and identifies himself as Arthur Rimbaud (Ben Whishaw), after the French poet that Dylan idolized. Arthur is based on the Dylan of 1964-1965 who tweaked the press in endless interviews. In this blank interrogation room, he evades questions, reads prose and tells people stories of his life; he is somewhat of a narrator of all six stages throughout the film. In a PBS-style documentary, we are shown the rapid rise of Jack Rollins (Christian Bale), a version of Dylan that focus around Dylan's folk era in the early 60's in Greenwich Village. Jack's story is told by people who knew him, especially a folk star named Alice (Julianne Moore) who is based on Joan Baez. He is also praised by many folk fans who refer to his songs as anthems and protest songs, whereas Jack himself refers to them as "finger-point songs". Jack Rollins later accepts the "Tom Paine Award" at a civil rights meeting, shortly after the JFK assassination, where a drunken Rollins insults the people in attendance and claims that he saw something in JFK's alleged assassin Lee Harvey Oswald which he also saw in himself; then the shocked people begin to boo Rollins out of the room. A still-outraged Rollins is seen dismissing folk and protest music in front of the press. In a dramatization of Jack Rollins' story called "Grain of Sand" (a reference to Dylan's 1981 haunting gospel song "Every Grain of Sand"), the folk hero is played by actor Robbie Clark (Heath Ledger). Robbie tells his life story from the first time he met Claire (Charlotte Gainsbourgh, the woman Woody imagined underwater earlier) in a Greenwich Village diner where his fascination with her is her French heritage. Claire is based on Suzie Rotolo (Dylan's girlfriend from the early 1960s), but more so on Dylan's wife Sara Lowndes. The relationship between the two becomes serious as they are seen making love for the first time in their apartment, and going for series of disasterous motorcycle rides. Robbie and Claire are later seen at the premiere of "Grain of Sand" which was disappointing to Claire and the audience. One night Robbie's marriage begins to go downhill as he has a party with his friends at his home and his wife Claire catches him with his hand between another woman's thighs. The relationship continues to deteriorate as Claire notices Robbie's misogynist attitude, insinuating that "guys and chicks are different" and "chicks could never be poets". Robbie leaves the family for a while to film a new action-thriller movie of his. During his absence Claire attempts to get a hold of Robbie on the phone but doesn't answer as he is seen coming out of the shower and seeing another woman. Claire tells Robbie she's going to leave him, although they make love on last time. Robbie comes home to bring Claire's family pictures from his house. Robbie and Claire are later seen in court when they gain 50/50 custody of their children. Robbie is last seen visiting his kids and taking them on a boat trip. Jude Quinn attends the Newport Folk Music Festival. Quinn comes on with a band and imagines himself and the band pulling machine guns out and mowing down the crowd. Instead, Quinn launches into the rocking "Maggie's Farm". Jude is heavily booed by the outraged fans as an unnamed Pete Seeger lookalike attempts to cut the stage power with an axe but is stopped by security guards, in reference to Seeger's claim at the time of "If I'd had an axe, I'd have cut the power". A number of folk fans are seen expressing their disappointment on Jude's new turn as a rock star from a protest singer. Jude is considered a sell-out. Jude flies over to England on tour and is seen at a press conference where he is asked questions that Dylan was asked in his famous interviews from the 60's such as how many folk singers are there and if he is trying to change the world. Later in Jude's apartment in London, England, Jude is confronted by a waiter who threatens Jude with a knife because of his departure from protesting. The man is then knocked out by Jude's lover with a bottle and is carried out of the room. Jude is next apparently using drugs with The Beatles (seen in the frantic style of Richard Lester's A Hard Days Night), but is interrupted by reporters and people asking him inane questions. He confronted by Keenan Jones (Bruce Greenwood), a journalist. Jude hallucinates his ex-lover Coco Rivington (based on Edie Sedgwick) after their apparent departure from each other. Coco is now seeing another man who is a friend of Jude's. Jude is then taken in a car by his friends and Keenan Jones as his condition from drugs begins to have an effect on him. The group then meets the famous poet Allen Ginsberg (David Cross), who hits it off immediately with Quinn. Keenan Jones later challenges Jude if he cares about people, and what he sings every night, to which Jude replies, "How can I answer that if you've got the nerve to ask me?", (similar to Dylan's Time Magazine Interview in 1965), Jude then leaves the car in disgust and walks off. Quinn is seen performing "Ballad of a Thin Man", with it's refrain of "something is happening here, but you don't what it is, do you Mr. Jones?". Keenan Jones is seen having hallucinations in keeping with the song's lyrics including a naked version of himself, a reference to the line "You see somebody naked and you say who is that man". After Jude is finished at the concert singing "Ballad of a Thin Man", several outraged fans shouts "Judas!", Jude replies "I don't believe you". As the fans run upon the stage in an apparent attempt to attack Jude, he narrowly escapes with his band. Mr. Jones gets a year book from Jude Quinn's high school years in order to reveal Quinn's true identity (the pictue shows a young Jack Rollins). Jude is back in his apartment where he sees Keenan Jones on television and reveals that he is really Aaron Jacob Edelstein and he was a middle-class, Jewish kid that never left Hibbing, Minnesota before high school. The revelation destroys Jude. Jude later has a party where he invites his friends, band and Coco Rivington. Jude and Allen Ginsberg are seen at the foot of a crucifix, "talking to Christ". Jude is seen with his buddies using drugs and getting drunk as Jude insults Coco in front of her lover stating "She has the sweetest little pussy", Coco, humiliated, runs downstairs in embarrassment. As he continues to verbally savage anyone near, Jude's condition from the night's drugs and his insomnia worsens and he vomits on his friend's lap. Jude's friends carry outside into his car and drives him to a hospital. Soon, Jude is seen passed out on the floor with his friends staring down at him. Allen Ginsberg states, "He's been in so many psyches", which this indicates that he's moved on to another life. The story then cuts back to the motorcycle wreck showing Jude laid out violently on the ground. Jude is last seen in his car addressing directly to the viewer, "Everyone knows I'm not a folk singer". Later, in 1974, 11 years after the civil rights award, Jack Rollins has apparently become a born again Christian and goes by "Pastor John". Rollins went to California with his girlfriend to a church for Bible studies and is later reborn and becomes a preacher. Pastor John is last seen giving testimonies to the fellow church members (as Dylan did in his concerts in the late 70's when he became a born again Christian), and sings his gospel song "Pressing On". Through the film, we see Billy (Richard Gere), seemingly thinking back on the other Dylans (Billy is based both on the Dylan who withdrew from the public eye in Woodstock after his motorcycle crash and the older, seldom-seen Dylan). Billy is an aged loner seemingly of the Old West who lives on the edge of a town called Riddle. Billy is first seen waking up to the barking of his dog "Henry", he takes his dog outside and ties his leash to a fence but the dog manages to run away. Billy is then forced to look for her in the woods but does not catch her. Billy then has flashbacks of his past life of the Robbie Clark persona, when his marriage failed. He looks from his stunning mountain view, but catches flashes of unrest a view valleys and catches disturbing glimpses in his mind's eye of Vietnam and other violence, but looks away. Billy later rides out to the gravel highway and runs into his friend Homer, a reference to Dylan's song from "The Basement Tapes", "Open the Door, Homer". Homer is selling some of his old belongings as Billy asks if Homer had seen his dog, which he had not seen. Homer tells Billy that Old Man Pat Garrett is destroying Riddle County, and the suicides of the depressed people as well as murders, amongst them was a young girl named Ms. Henry. Billy then goes to Riddle County to pay his respects to Ms. Henry and Mr. Montgomery for their services. As the townspeople are celebrating Halloween the funeral services are being held outdoors as a band sings "Going to Acapulco" (performed by Jim James and Calexico). After the services Pat Garrett (Bruce Greenwood) arrives and confronts the townspeople. Billy puts on a Halloween mask to disguise himself and tells Garrett to stay clear of Riddle County. Garrett asks what his names is, Billy replies "William"; Garrett then asks him to show him his face, Billy then takes off his mask and reveals himself and is recognized by Garrett (we see a flashback of when Garrett was Keenan Jones). Garrett then orders the authorities to arrest Billy. Billy is then taken to the county jail. Billy escapes from jail with Homer's help and runs to the running trains as Billy catches a ride. Homer stays behind gives his farewell to Billy. As he's on the train he sees his dog Henry chasing after him and he calls for her but doesn't catch up with the train in time, Billy tearfully says "Goodbye my Lady". On the train, Billy finds a dusty old guitar that reads "This Machine kills Fascists", the same guitar he had as Woody Guthrie. Billy then sits in the train and plays the guitar. Billy's final words are "People are always talking about freedom, and how to live a certain way. Course the more you live a certain way the less it feels like freedom. Me? I can change during the course of a day. When I wake I'm one person, when I go to sleep I know for certain I'm somebody else. I don't know who I am most of the time. It's like you got yesterday, today and tomorrow all in the same room. There's no telling what's going to happen". The train then rides off. The film ends with a clip of Bob Dylan playing his harmonica from the documentary Eat the Document then the film slowly fades away.
tt0117318
Biography,Drama
In 1953, 10-year-old Larry Flynt is selling moonshine in Kentucky. Twenty years later, Flynt (Woody Harrelson) and his younger brother, Jimmy (Brett Harrelson) run the Hustler Go-Go club in Cincinnati. With profits down, Flynt decides to publish a newsletter for the club, the first Hustler magazine, with nude pictures of women working at the club. The newsletter soon becomes a full-fledged magazine, but sales are weak. In 1975, after Hustler publishes nude pictures of former first lady Jackie Kennedy Onassis, sales take off. Flynt becomes smitten with Althea Leasure (Courtney Love), a stripper who works at one of his clubs. With Althea and Jimmy's help, Flynt makes a fortune from sales of Hustler. With his success comes enemies - as he finds himself a hated figure of anti-pornography activists. He argues with the activists, saying that "murder is illegal, but if you take a picture of it you may get your name in a magazine or maybe win a Pulitzer Prize". "However", he continues, "sex is legal, but if you take a picture of that act, you can go to jail". He becomes involved in several prominent court cases, and befriends a young lawyer, Alan Isaacman (Edward Norton). In 1975, Flynt loses a smut-peddling court decision in Cincinnati but is released from jail soon afterwards on a technicality. Ruth Carter Stapleton (Hanover), a Christian activist and sister of President Jimmy Carter, seeks out Flynt and urges him to give his life to Jesus. Flynt seems moved and starts letting his newfound religion influence everything in his life, including Hustler content. In 1978, during another trial in Georgia, Flynt and Isaacman are both shot by a man with a rifle while they walk outside a courthouse. Isaacman recovers, but Flynt is paralyzed from the waist down and uses a wheelchair for the rest of his life. Wishing he was dead, Flynt renounces God. Because of the emotional and physical pain, he moves to Beverly Hills, California and spirals down into depression and drug use. During this time, Althea also becomes addicted to painkillers and morphine. In 1983, Flynt undergoes back surgery to deaden several nerves, and as a result, feels rejuvenated. He returns to an active role with the publication, which, in his absence, had been run by Althea and Jimmy. That same year, Flynt is soon in court again for leaking videos relating to the John DeLorean entrapment case, and during his courtroom antics, he fires Isaacman, then throws an orange at the judge. He later wears an American flag as an adult diaper along with an army helmet, and wears T-shirts with provocative messages such as "I Wish I Was Black" and "Fuck This Court." After spitting water at the judge Flynt is sent to a psychiatric ward, where he sinks into depression again. He is diagnosed with having bipolar disorder and forced to take treatment. During this time, Flynt publishes a satirical parody ad in which Christian fundamentalist preacher Jerry Falwell tells of a sexual encounter with his mother. Falwell sues for libel and emotional distress. Flynt countersues for copyright infringement, because Falwell copied his ad. The case goes to trial in December 1984, but the decision is mixed, as Flynt is found guilty of inflicting emotional distress but not libel. By that time, Althea has contracted HIV, which proceeds to AIDS. Some time later in 1987, Flynt finds her dead in the bathtub, having drowned. Flynt presses Isaacman to appeal the Falwell decision to the Supreme Court of the United States. Isaacman refuses, saying Flynt's courtroom antics humiliated him. Flynt pleads with him, saying that he "wants to be remembered for something meaningful". Isaacman agrees and argues the "emotional distress" decision in front of the Supreme Court, in the case Hustler Magazine v. Falwell in 1988. With Flynt in the courtroom, the court overturns the original verdict in a unanimous decision. After the trial, Flynt is alone in his bedroom watching old videotapes of a healthy Althea.
tt0092675
Action,Biography,Drama
The movie begins with montages of various hopeful competitors training and practicing their fighting techniques. Interspersed with these montages are shots of the arena where the Kumite will be held. The hosts of the Kumite are rehearsing pageantry and preparing the arena for proper use. Frank Dux (Jean-Claude Van Damme), an army captain at his base, is summoned to a meeting with his colonel before going on furlough. The colonel has found out he plans to travel to Hong Kong while on furlough, and Dux's superiors want to stop him from entering the Kumite, in part because the Kumite is an illegal, underground fight. It is not sanctioned by world martial arts organizations, due to its particularly violent nature. Fatalities, though uncommon and frowned on, are considered part of the risk. Dux stages a daring escape from his base, going AWOL to travel to Hong Kong. The Army dispatches two MPs, Helmer (Norman Burton) and Rawlins (Forest Whitaker) to find Dux and bring him back. Dux first visits the home of his mentor and teacher, Senzo Tanaka (Roy Chiao). He is greeted warmly by Mrs. Tanaka (Lily Leung), who goes to tell her husband that Dux has arrived. Waiting in the living room, Dux becomes lost in thought looking at Tanaka's katana (samurai sword). He begins reminiscing about his long relationship with Tanaka: As a youth, Frank fell in with two unruly boys who made him come with them to try and steal the sword. The boys ran at the sound of people approaching, but Frank started to put the sword back on its stand when he was found by Tanaka and his son, Shingo. Tanaka admonished Dux for stealing, and Dux protested he wasn't going to steal it. Tanaka slices the visor off of Dux's baseball cap and is impressed that Dux didn't even flinch. Meeting with Dux's parents, he convinces them to let him train Frank in martial arts. At first, the young Dux becomes frustrated that he is only learning some of Tanaka's knowledge while Shingo is being trained far more intensively. Shingo is being groomed to represent his family in the Kumite as an adult. But tragedy strikes when Shingo dies as a young adult. A heartbroken Tanaka, having already lost his first family in Hiroshima, chooses to stop all training, believing his family is ended. Dux makes an impassioned plea for Tanaka to train him fully, to compete in the Kumite on Shingo's behalf, to honor both Shingo and Tanaka. Montages are shown of this training, becoming more and more intensive, until at the pinnacle, Dux is able to ignore pain and operate while blindfolded as if still fully sighted. Dux goes to see Tanaka, who is now an old man and showing the infirmities of old age. He tells Dux that when he fights, Tanaka's spirit will be there, fighting beside him, and in the Kumite, he will need it. Dux arrives at the hotel where most of the Kumite participants are staying. He meets Ray Jackson (Donald Gibb) playing a karate video game. The two play the game together and start to bond as friends and as fellow Americans. Jackson is a big, brawny, beer-swilling brawler with a scruffy beard. Not knowing anything of Dux, he likes the smaller man and treats him almost like a 'little brother.' Also at the same hotel, an American journalist named Janice Kent (Leah Ayres) is questioning two men about the kumite. She knows it is being held in Hong Kong over the next three days and is trying to get a story on it. The two men don't acknowledge even knowing what the kumite is. Helmer and Rawlins arrive at the Tanaka home to find out if Dux was there and if the Tanakas knew he was going to Hong Kong. Mrs. Tanaka says that Dux came by to pay his respects, but she doesn't know if he was heading to Hong Kong. Rawlins is sure she does know and tries to press her, but Helmer steps in, simply thanking Mrs. Tanaka for speaking to them. Dux and Jackson go to check in at their hotel and are told that a Victor Lin is looking to speak to them. Lin (Ken Siu) comes across Dux and Jackson at that moment and introduces himself, saying he is one of the Kumite agents and he's been assigned to assist them with their stay in Hong Kong. He leads them through the streets of the city to a run-down, seedy part of the city (no man's land, as Lin calls it), explaining that the Kumite is being held in Hong Kong at the permission of the "Triad," the Chinese Mafia. At the entrance to a back alley being guarded by several tall, burly, stoic men. Victor speaks to them in Mandarin, and the tallest of the guards, their leader, lets them all through with a condescending air toward the American foreigners. Victor leads them through the alley to the secret arena where the Kumite will be held. The first step is to properly register for the Kumite. Participation is by invitation only. As Jackson and Dux present their invitations, the officials stop and are very dubious of Dux, because his invitation lists him as being part of the Tanaka Clan. Clearly they know of Senzo Tanaka and are unwilling to believe, at face value, that Dux is a student of Tanaka's. They insist he prove this claim with a demonstration of the legendary "Dim Mak" pressure point strike. They show him where several bricks are stacked. To properly demonstrate the Dim Mak, Dux must shatter the bottom-most brick without damaging either of the two bricks stacked atop it. As all the other participants in the arena watch, Dux successfully demonstrates the Dim Mak. The officials accept Dux as authentic and complete his registration. The Kumite participants resume training and sparring, except for one-- a large, burly Korean man named Chong Li (Bolo Yeung) who is not impressed, warning Dux, "Bricks don't hit back." Helmer and Rawlins go to the Hong Kong police department and confer with Inspector Chen (Philip Chan). They give him a photo of Dux, explain that they are trying to stop him from competing in the Kumite, and they ask Chen to contact them if his men learn anything about Dux's whereabouts. Chen is very dismissive but tells the two MP's that he'll see what he can do. Back at the hotel, Dux and Jackson find Janice Kent trying to get a story on the Kumite from one of the participants, a Mid-Eastern fighter named Hossein (Bernard Mariano). Hossein and his friends are surly and condescending. Hossein is only willing to speak if he can take Janice to bed, a proposition she finds repulsive. Hossein is offended at her defiance and is about to slap her when Dux and Jackson intervene. Jackson is ready to melee, but Dux asks everyone if it's worth getting ejected from the Kumite over a woman. Despite Janice's indignant protests, Dux arranges an alternative contest-- he puts a coin in Hossein's hand and challenges him to close his hand into a fist around the coin before Dux can successfully snatch the coin out of his palm. Hossein is amused and overly cocky at the challenge, but the smirk is wiped off his face when Dux succeeds in grabbing the coin. Per the terms of the bet, Hossein and his friends have to leave Janice alone. Dux and Janice are talking as they take a walk, and Janice tells Dux about her ambition to get a story on the Kumite, which she describes as 'a cockfight, except with people.' Dux agrees te speak to Janice, and asks her to dinner in return. The first day of the Kumite arrives, and the opening pageantry is conducted and the host organization introduces itself, speaking about the traditional background of the contest. As the Kumite prepares for the first fight, Victor reminds Dux and Jackson that the contests are full-contact, and there are three ways to win-- knock the opponent out, knock them off the platform, or force the opponent to shout the word "Matte," which is a cry of surrender similar to saying 'Uncle.' The first-round bouts are conducted, showing several participants standing out as victorious and forces to be reckoned with -- a Polynesian fighter named Parades (Michel Qissi), a Chinese kung-fu fighter named Chuan Ip Mung (Dennis Chu), a big and burly Japanese Sumo fighter named Pumola (David Ho), a Muay Thai kickboxer named Paco (Paulo Tocha), Jackson, and Chong Li, who is the current champion. Chong Li exults in hearing the crowd cheer his name, and enjoys finishing his matches by maiming and crippling his opponents. He is notorious for having killed a participant at the last Kumite. Chong Li easily dispatches his opponent, breaking his own world record for the fastest knockout. Dux's first opponent is none other than Hossein. The Syrian fighter is eager for a little revenge, but Dux not only knocks him out, but proceeds to break Chong Li's new record for fastest knockout in so doing-- and Chong Li is noticeably angered. Helmer and Rawlins are eating lunch when Inspector Chen comes to see them. He's found out the name of the hotel Dux is staying at. Helmer and Rawlins confront Dux in the lounge there as he is talking with Jackson. They pull taser stun-guns and order him to come with them immediately. A football tackle by Jackson takes them down and gives Dux time to run. He leads them on an amusing chase scene, seemingly toying with them before giving them the slip. Dux meets with Janice that evening for dinner. He tells her a little about the Kumite, but insists she cannot truly understand it without seeing it-- and the Kumite doesn't allow just anyone in, even as spectators-- they are especially strict about keeping press out. Janice asks Dux to pull some strings to let her come in and watch. She even sleeps with him as an incentive (and because she likes him). In the morning he kisses her goodbye and tells her that he cannot get her inside. But Janice quickly finds another way of entry, going "undercover" posing as a date to a wealthy patron. A number of Kumite bouts are shown, and Dux, Chong Li, Chuan Ip Mung, Pumola, and Paco stand out, eliminating various opponents. Chong Li fights Parades, whose longer reach lets him land various combination punches that jar Chong Li. But Chong Li adopts a counter-punching strategy and gets inside, landing brutal attacks that leave Parades completely dazed and stunned. Playing to the crowd, Chong Li executes a brutal stomping kick to his opponent's kneecap, breaking Parades' leg and presumably crippling him. More fights are shown, and more fighters are eliminated. Dux defeats Pumola by doing a split to get under Pumola's charge, and punching his groin. The crowd begins to chant Dux's name, which really gets Chong Li angry. Ray Jackson finds himself facing Chong Li. Jackson is remarkably confident and arrogant, and shrugs off warnings of caution from both Dux and Victor. Dux has noticed a weakness in Chong Li's fighting style-- Parades almost turned the tables on him by landing a stiff punch to Chong Li's belly. Dux advises Jackson to focus on punches to the stomach, and warns Jackson to stay away from Chong Li's right leg. Jackson brushes off the warnings and advice, saying he has everything under control. As the fight begins, Jackson pounds on Chong Li's head with several hammering blows that drive him to one knee. Jackson then turns away, thinking he has the fight in the bag, and plays to the crowd, trying to get them to chant his name the way they chant Chong Li's name. From ringside, Dux tries to call out to Jackson to focus on finishing Chong Li, who is still on one knee, nursing his bruises and recovering. But by the time Jackson turns back to face Chong Li, the burly Korean fighter has risen back to his feet and is ready to show the whole crowd what happens to people who try to make a mockery of him. Chong Li lands a devastating kick that turns the tide of battle in a heartbeat. Not satisfied with merely defeating Jackson, Chong Li lets his rage bubble to the surface and delivers a frighteningly brutal stomp to the head of his prone opponent, as Victor struggles to hold Dux back from intervening. Jackson is unconscious and bleeding profusely from his mouth as Chong Li pulls off Jackson's biker bandanna and claims it as a trophy, shaking it in front of Dux as a dire warning. At the hospital, Jackson is being examined by doctors. Dux speaks to the unconscious Jackson, telling him he's lucky to have such a hard head, which saved him from being permanently maimed. Dux vows to get revenge on Chong Li. Janice is there as well, and she is horrified at the personal vendetta. The two argue passionately outside the hospital. Dux points out Janice's career as a reporter, and she is trying to be the best she can be-- Dux is doing the same; to be the best fighter he can be. Seeing she cannot budge Dux, Janice resignedly shouts that she only hopes Dux doesn't end up in a similar state as Jackson-- or even worse, before storming off. Lin goes up to Dux and admonishes him to forget Janice, as well as Jackson's injury and also about revenge. Dux has the chance to become the first fighter from the Western hemisphere to ever win the Kumite, but he needs to have a clear head. Desperate to see Dux spared from grievous injury, Janice turns to Inspector Chen. Knowing that the Kumite is illegal under Hong Kong law, Janice hopes to see the police get involved in stopping the competition. Inspector Chen is again dismissive, until Janice gives him Dux's name. Riding a bus back to his hotel, Dux is haunted by memories of the bout and mistakenly thinks he sees Chong Li's reflection in the bus window, glaring at him. Walking through the back alley for the final rounds of competition, Dux finds he has to fight his way through a gauntlet of Inspector Chen's police officers. After getting past them, he finds Helmer and Rawlins waiting at the doors to the arena with Chen and Janice. Helmer and Rawlins have their taser stun-guns at the ready. Dux uses a trash can lid to deflect the taser darts and grabs their weapons away. Knowing they cannot take Dux hand to hand, Helmer disgustedly enters the arena with Rawlins and Janice to observe the final bouts, hoping they do not have to scrape Dux up off the floor. In the arena, the officials are unaware of what is going on outside-- only that as a result of the melee, Dux is extremely late in showing up. They are just about to disqualify him when Dux enters. Dux's semifinal match is against Paco. As the fight begins, Paco extends his fists, motioning for Dux to touch knuckles with him. Warily, Dux finally does so, and is hit by a cheap shot from Paco. Recovering, Dux wades into battle and knocks Paco out. Chong Li's semi-final opponent is Chuan Ip Mung. Chuan gives Chong Li the stiffest resistance he's encountered in the Kumite, but even he cannot withstand the power of Chong Li's blows. Chong Li has Chuan supine and barely conscious on the ground, and starts to play to the crowd. But then, looking to send a message to Dux, Chong Li grabs Chuan's head and brutally snaps his neck. The crowd falls completely silent as the referee feels for breath and looks at Chong Li in appalled shock. Chuan is dead. The officials all stand and turn their backs to Chong Li, facing the wall and bowing their heads in a moment of silence. To Chong Li's disappointment the whole crowd, including Helmer, Rawlins and Janice, follow suit. Chong Li warns Dux that he is next, and Dux just glares back before joining the rest of the crowd in the moment of silence. As Chong Li prepares for the final bout, his trainer (Wilson Lee) carefully and stealthily slips a small chunk of a chalky substance into the waistband of his trunks. (Hinted to be cocaine but not stated definitively) Dux and Chong Li step onto the platform for the final bout to determine the Kumite's champion. Chong Li points to Jackson's bandanna, which he has tied around his calf, saying he plans to break Dux in return for Dux's breaking his record. Dux stares back unafraid. The bout begins and Dux quickly seizes initiative. He takes control following the advice he tried to give Jackson, focusing on repeated punches and kicks to Chong Li's stomach and watching for kicks from Chong Li's right leg. He knocks Chong Li down, staggering him. On one knee, using his body to shield the action, Chong Li carefully removes the chalky object from his trunks and crushes it into a powder in his hand. Rising to his feet, he throws a punch that falls well short of his mark but, unseen by everyone else, flings the powder right into Dux's eyes. Aside from his vision being completely clouded over, Dux appears to fall into a near stupor. The tables are turned and Chong Li takes the opportunity to enjoy beating Dux from pillar to post. On the mat, screaming in frustration, Dux suddenly clears his mind and appears to go into a meditative trance. Flashbacks are shown of his training with Tanaka, including training where he is blindfolded and learns to operate through his other senses as if he were fully sighted. Dux blocks a punch to his head and throws a ground side kick to Chong Li's stomach. Rising to his feet, Dux begins to step carefully around the arena, but always able to fend off Chong Li's attacks and land more blows to his stomach. Chong Li tries to throw Dux off by pushing the referee into him, but Dux, grabbing a handful of the ref's tunic, recognizes the ploy and carefully eases the referee behind him. He takes control of the match, hammering Chong Li's stomach and then going up to the head with leaping, spinning wheel kicks that knock the burly Chong Li completely for a loop. Dux refuses to settle for a mere knockout. He needs to establish absolute dominance-- meaning even Chong Li himself must declare it to the whole crowd. Dux grabs Chong Li's head and gradually twists his neck, shouting, "Say it!" He twists Chong Li's neck harder until it is clear that his neck will snap if he doesn't comply. With his very life on the line, Chong Li defeatedly shouts 'matte,' and the crowd goes wild as the referee gestures to signal Dux's victory. The closing ceremony shows the officials presenting Dux with a beautifully crafted Japanese katana with words of praise. The whole crowd, including Helmer, Rawlins and Janice, applaud as Dux looks up to the ceiling and says quietly, "This is for you, Shidoshi." Dux and Janice visit Jackson at the hospital. Jackson has regained consciousness and is convalescing. He is notably impressed as Dux's victory-- forcing Chong Li to submit, no less-- but jokingly warns that Dux might have to fight him next time. Dux and Jackson give an emotional handshake, their bond having strengthened to near blood-brothers. Helmer and Rawlins are waiting at the airport in front of a plane to take Dux back to the United States. They wait, and finally they are convinced that Dux has given them the slip yet again. Suddenly they hear a whistle behind them and turn to see Dux just inside the plane's boarding doorway, telling them to hurry up. The two MP's are grudgingly amused as they board the plane. Just as Dux is about to re-enter the plane, a cab pulls up and Janice steps out. Looking up at Dux, she gives him the Chinese covered-fist salute. The camera freezes on Dux returning the salute and bowing his head to her. Captions proceed to give Dux's career fight stats in the Kumite over several years, saying he established four records that were still standing at the time of the movie's release, and that he retired undefeated, before establishing his own martial arts school. Fade out as the credits begin to roll.
tt0420609
Biography,Crime,Drama
The story opens at a fancy restaurant in 1959, where Babe Paley (Signourney Weaver) and Truman Capote (Toby Jones) are seated. Kitty Dean (Gyneth Paltrow) is introduced, and sings. She pauses, emotional, during the song, but finishes strong. Later, Truman sits in a lavish hotel suite and reads about a Kansas murder in the newspaper. He then arranges a meeting with his gossip source. We cut to several people describing Capote to the camera. Over lunch, Capote meets with his gossip source, Slim Keith (Hope Davis), then tells his editor he wants to pursue the murder story for a New Yorker Magazine article. He spends time talking to several women: Babe, Nelle (Sandra Bullock) and Marella (Isabella Rossellini) and spreads gossip. We hear about Jack Dunphy (John Benjamin Hickey), who is Truman's lover. Truman and Nelle arrive in Kansas and attend a police briefing held by Alvin Dewey (Jeff Daniels). His effeminate style is ridiculed by the other reports, and Alvin refuses to cooperate with him. Truman continues to be mistaken for a woman, and Nelle attempts to reign in his wild style. He goes out to the home of the murders and snoops around. After changing his clothing into a more masculine style and visits Alvin, but he does not convince him. However, over Christmas, he and Nelle are invited to dinner at the Dewey's house by Marie Dewey (Bethlyn Gerard), Alvin's wife. Conversation is stilted until Capote begins dropping names of famous people he has met. He begins to earn some respect after beating Alvin's son Paul (Joey Basham) in arm-wrestling. Capote suddenly starts receiving invitations for dinner via friends of the Deweys, and Capote starts collecting gossip and details about the murders. Truman decides to write a novel instead of an article. He wants to fictionalize the facts, and he and Nelle argue over writing style. Shortly after, Alvin announces the killers have been captured. As they are escorted into the jail, one of them, Perry Smith (Daniel Craig) looks strangely at Capote. Capote manages to get in to interview the killers. The other, Dick Hickock (Lee Pace) describes the murders, but Perry won't cooperate. After Capote learns that Smith is interested in art, he starts sharing stories with him about celebrities, and lets Smith beat him in arm-wrestling. However, he still refuses to share information. Back home, Truman has trouble describing Perry. Babe reveals her husband is cheating on him, and despite promising secrecy, Capote tells his gossip circle. Capote sends Perry a number of smut magazines, but Perry responds gracefully. In return, Capote sends him copies of his books, and Perry reviews them critically. Truman returns to visit Perry, and again Perry refuses to tell his story. After a night of thought, Capote tells Perry his own story. Perry is enraged at first, thinking that Truman is trying to trick him, since both of their mothers committed suicide. Perry finally agrees to tell the story, but when he learns the story is called "In Cold Blood", he starts to rape Truman, then kicks him out. He refuses to go on until he sees what's been written so far. Perry's description of the murder is graphic, but he shows moments of tenderness towards his victims, and Capote captures the details. The killers are sentenced to death, and in the cell, Perry confesses to being in love with Capote, and Capote reciprocates, sharing a kiss. Appeals take 5 years, during which Perry writes 2 letters a week. The waiting is interminable for them, and Truman is depressed at the prospect of being put to death. The killers request Truman to witness the execution, and Truman tells Perry to apologize. Perry leaves a tape of himself singing, for Truman. The story is finished, and the book is a success, but Capote is ruined by the loss of Perry. Nelle talks about how writers put everything they have into a book, and the letdown afterwards is hard to come out of. The story ends with Truman trying to be productive, but not fooling anyone.
tt1054588
Biography,Drama
On his wedding night in 1953, an errant champagne cork rendered college professor of engineering Robert Kearns (Greg Kinnear) almost completely blind in his left eye. A decade later, happily married to Phyllis (Lauren Graham) and the father of six children, he is driving his Ford Galaxie through a light rain, and the constant movement of the wiper blades irritates his troubled vision. The incident inspires him to create a wiper blade mechanism modeled on the human eye, which blinks every few seconds rather than continuously. With financial support from Gil Privick (Dermot Mulroney), Robert converts his basement into a laboratory and develops a prototype he tests in a fish tank before installing it in his car. He patents his invention and demonstrates it for Ford researchers, who had been working on a similar project without success, but won't explain how it works until he hammers out a favorable deal with the corporation. Impressed with Robert's results, executive Macklin Tyler (Mitch Pileggi) asks him to prepare a business plan detailing the cost of the individual units, which Robert intends to manufacture himself. Considering this to be sufficient commitment from the company, he rents a warehouse he plans to use as a factory, and forges ahead. He presents Ford with the pricing information it requested along with a sample unit, then waits for their response. Time passes, and when nobody contacts Robert, he begins placing phone calls that never are returned. Frustrated, Robert crashes a Ford dealers convention at which the latest model of the Mustang is unveiled, promoting the intermittent wiper as a selling point. Realizing the company has used his idea without giving him credit or payment for it, Robert begins his descent into a despair so deep he boards a Greyhound bus and heads for Washington, D.C., where he apparently hopes to find legal recourse. Instead, Maryland state troopers remove him from the bus and escort him to a mental hospital, where he is treated for a nervous breakdown. Finally released when doctors decide his obsession has subsided, he returns home a broken man determined to receive public acknowledgment for his accomplishment. Thus begins years of legal battles, during which time he divorces his wife and becomes estranged from his children, all of whom eventually support him in a trial in which he represents himself after he decides attorney Gregory Lawson (Alan Alda) is not representing his best interests. Offered a $30 million settlement, with no admission of wrongdoing on Ford's part, Robert decides to leave his fate in the hands of the jury, who determine Ford's infringement was not deliberate but award him $10.1 million and the right to claim his invention as his own. He later sues the Chrysler Corporation and wins an $18.7 million judgment against them.
tt0819714
Biography,Drama,Romance
The story is based loosely on real events and real people, drawing on David N. Thomas's book Dylan Thomas: A Farm, Two Mansions and a Bungalow. During the London blitz of World War II in 1940, nightclub singer Vera Phillips (Keira Knightley) runs into her first love, the charismatic Welsh poet Dylan Thomas (Matthew Rhys). Their feelings for each other are rekindled, despite the fact that Dylan is now married to and has a child with the spirited Caitlin MacNamara (Sienna Miller). In spite of their initial rivalry, the two women become best friends and, drinking heavily in wartime London, the three get along well. At this time, William Killick (Cillian Murphy), a British Army officer smitten with Vera, pursues her; both Vera and Caitlin are intrigued by his steadfast, gallant personality, although it contrasts with Vera's rebelliousness. William notices her closeness with Dylan, but doesn't seem particularly concerned by it; he and Vera even lend the struggling poet some of their savings. He and Vera fall in love and marry, but soon afterwards William is called up to join the fight against the 1941 German invasion of Greece. Vera discovers shortly after he leaves that she is pregnant; she's upset that motherhood will lose her independence, but cannot bring herself to abort William's child. She later gives birth to their son, and she and the Thomases move to the Welsh seashore to raise their children in two small neighbouring cottages, where Vera and Caitlin's friendship grows ever closer (almost intimate and romantic). One day, however, Dylan draws Vera into an affair. Dylan and Caitlin's marriage has long been distorted by their multiple infidelities, but Dylan (recalling a sexual encounter he and Vera had when she was 15 years old) sees her as his soulmate. William (now a Captain), scarred by the horrors of the war, eventually returns home where Vera notices his emotional distance and instability. In his disquiet, William comes to suspect his wife's infidelity and confronts her about it; Vera also confesses the truth to Caitlin, who is furious with her for lying to her. Severely drunk one evening, and angry with Dylan's friends and their ignorant remarks on the war, William wanders out at night and fires multiple shots into the Thomases' house, though he hits no one; Vera manages to talk him down, and the next morning he seems to return to his former self. However, he is soon arrested for attempted murder and taken to trial. During the trial, Dylan testifies against William by exaggerating the facts, stating he believed William was not only sober, but also that William intended to kill him, his wife, and his child. However, the jury finds William innocent of intent to murder, and he returns home. He accepts his new role as a father, and he and Vera forgive each other, rekindling their relationship. Soon afterwards, the Thomases move out of their cottage. During the farewell, Vera restores her friendship with Caitlin, but she never speaks with Dylan again, unable to forgive him for testifying against her husband.
tt0432402
Biography,Drama
This is a bio pic about Edie Sedgwick, (played magnificently by Sienna Miller) a waif-like rich girl who found favor with the celebrity media (hmmm, who does that sound like in todays culture?) in the 1960s through her association with pop artist, Andy Warhol (another great performance, this time by Guy Pearce). The pair of them form the core of a bunch of self-indulgent, unfettered sixties socialites that cling to Warhol, as he holds court at his studio (known as the factory, hence the title) as they live lives of excess and denial. Sedgwicks family is shown in a horrible light and Warhol is portrayed as an immature, narcissistic leech, constantly looking for rich people to exploit. Christensen plays folk singer, Billy Quinn, a fictional character rumored to be taking the place of Bob Dylan, who apparently had a relationship with Sedgwick. (this first appeared on realmoviereview.com)
tt1535109
Biography,Drama,Thriller
On March 23, 2009, at a home in Underhill, Vermont, Captain Richard Phillips (Tom Hanks) is packing his bags, checking his passport, and confirming his itinerary before he heads to the airport with his wife Andrea (Catherine Keener). On the way, they express their concern over the changing times and wondering how their children will fare, as they know that it's a much different world than the one they grew up in and it's not as easy to find a good job. They arrive at the airport, kiss each other goodbye and Phillips heads inside as Andrea drives away. Meanwhile, on the coast of Somalia, a group of vans filled with local mercenaries arrives at Eyl, a small village. A young boy hurries to wake up Abduwali Muse (Barkhad Abdi), who is sleeping on the hard ground inside a rudimentary hut. The boy tells Muse that "they are coming." The mercenaries are angry that the villagers haven't provided them with any money for their boss, a warlord named Garaad, since the previous week, and they are ordered to get in their boats and go find something. Hufan (Issak Farah Samatar) is the local village boss. He operates a fishing trawler (the mother ship) that was hijacked from the Taiwanese the previous year, and two smaller skiffs that are used to chase down and hijack large oceangoing ships. For this trip, Muse and another skiff leader named Asad (Mohamed Ali) are told by Hufan to select three men each and get their skiffs ready. The men all gather around and noisily attempt to get Muse or Asad to choose them. If they have a skill and/or something to use for a bribe, they'll be more likely to be selected. Usually, the bribe is a sprig of the plant known as khat, which when chewed causes excitement, loss of appetite, and euphoria. Muse chooses Bilal (Barkhad Abdirahman), Elmi (Mahat M. Ali), and a quiet but forceful man named Najee (Faysal Ahmed) for his crew. The other Eyl villagers are surprised that Muse chose Najee, as he isn't from their village. The men load the skiffs with long homemade ladders, water, and fuel, then push the skiffs into the surf and power them up for the ride out to the mother ship. Asad tells Muse to stay out of his way "this time." He derogatorily refers to Muse as a "skinny rat." Muse obviously doesn't like Asad and also doesn't appreciate it when Asad starts ordering his man Elmi around. Captain Phillips arrives at the Port of Salalah in Oman and takes command of the MV Maersk Alabama, a commercial container ship that is home ported in Norfolk, VA. As he makes his way up to the bridge, he notices that almost all of the ladders, hatches and doors are unlocked and fully accessible. Phillips says hello to his first mate, Shane Murphy (Michael Chernus), who informs Phillips that their orders call for them to sail through the Gulf of Aden and round the Horn of Africa to Mombasa, Kenya. He also provides details of their cargo. They are carrying 2500 tons of commercial cargo, 200 tons of food, 166 tons of fresh water and 250 tons of bunker fuel. Wary of pirate activity off the coast of Somalia, the Captain Phillips orders Murphy to ensure that all doors and hatches are locked throughout the ship and kept locked, even when in port. After completing the loading of its cargo, the ship departs on its voyage. Hufan checks the radar on his fishing boat and sees that there is a large number of ships in the main channel, but it would be risky to try and take one among all the others of the "herd." He notices one ship that is separated from the rest. It's the Maersk Alabama, and that will be their target. Captain Phillips orders emergency drills to take place at sea so the crew will be as prepared as possible should something happen. Not long after starting their first drill, Captain Phillips glances at the ship's radar screen and notices two small blips. He goes outside and takes a look through his binoculars. He returns inside and orders Mr. Murphy to return to the bridge. The captain informs Murphy about two approaching skiffs and orders him to contact the U.S. Maritime Emergency to advise them. There is no response. Captain Phillips orders the ship to turn five degrees to port to see if the skiffs follow. They do. Phillips then orders Murphy to contact the UK Maritime Trade Operations (MTO) to inform them of a possible piracy situation. The female MTO officer tells Phillips to lockdown the ship and get the fire hoses ready. She advises him to follow established protocol in dealing with any potential pirates, although she suspects these may just be fishermen. Phillips tells her the men approaching are not there to fish. The skiffs have gotten close enough for Phillips to see they are armed. Captain Phillips alerts his crew of 20 men and tells them to get to their stations. Realizing the pirates probably have a maritime radio, he picks up his own radio and pretends to contact a military ship, Coalition Warship 237. He masks his voice to represent the pretend responding military official. The pirates listen as Phillips first announces that the weapons aboard the Maersk Alabama are ready for use and then, as the pretend military official, that a helicopter or plane will be overhead within five minutes. Asad (Mohamed Ali) believes what he hears on the radio and orders his skiff to turn around and quit the chase. Muse, however, doesn't believe what he's heard and orders his driver to speed up. Captain Phillips orders his chief engineer, Mike Perry (David Warshofsky), to bring their speed up to maximum and to alternately turn to port, then starboard. The wake of the ship created by doing that rocks the smaller boat, but Muse orders Elmi to push the much faster skiff on at full speed. They are nearly to the Maersk Alabama when the engine on the boat gives out, leaving them stranded. Phillips addresses his crew and tells them they are still going through with their mission as planned and that they'll need to perform double shifts. Several crew members are frightened and say they didn't sign up to fight pirates, whom they are convinced will be returning. They suggest heading further out to sea to put even more distance between them and the Somalai coast. Captain Phillips informs the crew that there are five bands of pirates operating off the coast and out in the open ocean, so they can't avoid them, therefore the Maersk Alabama will remain on course and rely on its superior size and established protocol to ward off any pirates. If need be, they'll take refuge, lock down, and wait for help from the military. He advises that if anybody wants to leave, they will have to wait until they get to Mombasa and fly home from there. Phillips sends an e-mail to Andrea to keep her updated on the voyage, and tells her that he's breaking in a new crew and, to avoid worrying her, that the days are "ordinary." That night, Muse and his men work from the mother ship in an attempt to fix the engine on his boat. The mother ship is continuing to follow the Maersk Alabama. Muse is not happy that Asad chose to give up the chase earlier. When Asad yells at Elmi to hurry up and fix the engine for his "crew of women," Muse suggests that Asad give them his engine. Asad says, "shut up, Skinny, you talk too much." Muse responds, "I may be skinny, but I am not a coward." This enrages Asad, who points his gun at Muse's head and demands that Muse repeat what he just said. Muse secretly grabs a nearby wrench, then moves quickly to knock Asad's gun hand down then bringing the wrech up to whack Asad over the head, knocking him out, perhaps killing him. The blow prompts Najee to remark that "the coward is the first one in the grave." Muse and his men then take over Asad's boat and, after fixing their damaged engine, add it to their new boat, dramatically increasing the horsepower. The following morning, Muse and his men are back at sea and are closing fast on the Maersk Alabama again. Phillips had just finished showering and is called to the bridge by Murphy who informs him that one skiff has returned. Phillips orders the crew to their stations and orders evasive maneuvers. He contacts the UK MTO again and advises that they are under pirate attack. MTO says that it will contact the military. When the skiff gets within several hundred yards, Phillips orders the fire nozzles activated to spray outwards. There are large amounts of firefighting water being sprayed all around the circumference of the ship. If the small skiff gets too close, it will likely be filled with water and sink. Muse uses his radio to tell Phillips to stop the ship, that he and his men are the Somali Coastguard and there to help them and they want to come on board. When the ship fails to stop, or even slow down, Muse directs Najee to fire his weapon. He then has Elmi steer the boat towards a gap in the firewater spray along the port side of the ship. He then points his own rifle and fires at Phillips and another crew member who are staring at them from the bridge. Phillips had directed Murphy to get down to the main deck and fix one of the fire hoses that wasn't working right and left a gap in the perimeter. Murphy manages to do that, but he's nearly shot by Najee in the process. Phillips then orders Murphy to get down to the engine room and take charge down there. Phillips then opens up an emergency kit and extracts two large red flares. He ignites them and directs the flares towards the skiff. They just miss. The firewater doesn't prove to be a deterrent as Bilal unlashes the homemade ladder and with help from the others is able to hook it over the side of the railing of the cargo ship. Each man, in turn, then jumps onto the ladder and scurries up the side and onboard. Captain Phillips orders the majority of the crew to get down to the engine room, to lock the hatches, split up, and hide. He tells them not to open the door or come out unless they hear him give the secret password, "suppertime." He doesn't want them to become hostages. The pirates shoot away any locks they encounter, including that on the door of the bridge. They barge in and point their guns at Phillips and the other remaining crew members. Muse approaches Phillips and tells him to relax, that nobody needs to get hurt, that he and his men are just there on business and once they get paid, everything will be ok. Muse asks Phillips where the ship is from. Najee is ecstatic when the captain tells them the ship is American. Muse asks Phillips where he's from. Phillips tells him he's an Irishman from America. Muse decides he will call Captain Phillips "Irish" from then on. Muse announces that he is the captain now, then asks what sort of materials the ship is carrying, other than food and water. Phillips tells Muse that there is $30,000 in the ship's safe and he can have it if he and his men will leave. Muse acts insulted and says, "$30,000, do I look like a beggar?" Actually, Muse may very well have been tempted to take the money and run, but he knew that would never be acceptable to Garaad. The power to the ship goes down suddenly (the chief engineer had flipped the main switch off), and the emergency power kicks on. Muse demands to know what's going on. Phillips tells him the ship has broken for some unknown reason. Muse walks along the control panel, randomly poking at switches and buttons, which makes Najee very nervous and he tells Muse to stop. Muse wants to know where the rest of the crew is. Phillips feigns ignorance and says he doesn't know where they are, that he's been working on the bridge. Muse tells Phillips that no one will get hurt as long as he doesn't try to play games with him. Muse tells Phillips to order his crew to come to the bridge, then decides to speak to them himself, via the intercom. He announces that if the rest of the crew doesn't come out of hiding, he will begin shooting those on the bridge, one man every minute. Muse directs Najee to grab Officer Ken Quinn (Corey Johnson), and prepare to shoot him in the head after one minute goes by. Phillips pleas with Muse that if he must shoot anyone, he ought to shoot him, since he's the captain. Phillips confronts Muse and asks him if this is how he conducts a business transaction, by killing people? Muse ponders that and decides to search the ship instead of killing anyone. That disappoints Najee, who strongly believes in doing whatever seems necessary to get what they want as quickly as possible. With his thumb secretly holding down the radio transmit button on his walkie-talkie, Phillips tells Muse that searching the ship will be fine, as long as they don't lose their emergency power, causing the ship to go completely dark. Muse tells Phillips that he wants "no games" during the search for the crew. Murphy catches on to the captain's hint about the ship's lighting and directs Perry to get up to the main deck and shut off the emergency power, while he goes to the galley to get them some food and water. Bilal and Muse go with Phillips to search for the crew. Phillips suggests they conduct the search of the ship from the top down, but Muse quickly catches on to his tactic, and after perusing a diagram of the ship, he directs Phillips to take them to the engine room, which he figures is the source of the ship's being broken. Along the way, Muse allows for a stop at the galley to get some water, as it will be hot in the engine room. By then, Murphy was already in the galley and has to quickly take cover when he hears them coming. Murphy avoids detection and after Phillips, Muse and Bilal have moved on, he uses his radio to call his crew in the engine room to warn them that the search party is on the way. He further advises that one of the pirates (Bilal) is barefoot and to spread some broken glass at the entrance to the engine room. When the search party reaches the engine room, Bilal steps through the door first and right onto the broken glass, severely cutting his foot. Muse directs him to continue on. However, after while, it's obvious that Bilal is bleeding too much to continue, so Muse orders him to take Phillips back to the bridge and send Najee down. Meanwhile, Muse continues the search alone. Some of the crew members ambush Muse. During the struggle, Muse cuts his hand on a knife one of the men was wielding. The crew then radio the pirates on the bridge to tell them that they have Muse and they will exchange him for Captain Phillips and a promise that the pirates will take the $30,000 and leave. Muse is ordered to verbally agree to those terms and to do it over the radio so his men can hear. On the bridge, Najee is opposed. He wants millions of dollars, but he's overruled by Muse. Phillips removes the $30,000 from the ship's safe, places it in a bag, and hands it over to the pirates. Najee demands that Captain Phillips go with them in the lifeboat. Phillips doesn't agree to go, but he does enter the lifeboat to show Elmi how to operate it. Meanwhile, the crew has released Muse so he can get into the lifeboat. When Phillips turns to exit the lifeboat, Najee hits him and knocks him down, then slams the door shut. Elmi then releases the lifeboat and it plunges down to the ocean. The USS Bainbridge, an Arleigh Burke-class guided missile destroyer, is currently assigned to the Counter-Piracy Task Force 151, operating in the Mediterranean Sea. The commanding officer (CO) of the Bainbridge, Frank Castellano (Yul Vasquez), is contacted by Admiral Howard and informed of the hijacking of the Maersk Alabama and subsequent taking of Captain Phillips as a hostage on the lifeboat. Admiral Howard tells the CO he is to proceed west and intercept the lifeboat and pirate mother ship. It's an 820 mile trip. On board the lifeboat, the pirates begin arguing. It's hot in the lifeboat and there's a lack of khat to chew on. Muse tells Phillips that the men are normally fishermen, but the big ships came and took all the fish from their offshore waters. Phillips offers to treat Muse's hand and Bilal's foot injuries. Muse refuses treatment but allows Phillips to tend to Bilal. Phillips talks to Bilal, observing how young he is and wondering how Bilal got himself into this. Phillips applies antibiotic and starts to wrap the foot. He nonchalantly pulls out a knife to cut the bandage, causing Elmi to yell out in alarm. Najee grabs the knife away from Phillips and orders Bilal to move away from him. A ScanEagle drone from the Bainbridge locates the lifeboat, the pirate mother ship, and the Maersk Alabama, all within a few miles of each other. The crew of the Alabama had decided to follow the lifeboat and their captain. The crew on the Bainbridge determine that it will take about 36 hours for the lifeboat to reach Somalia, only 126 miles away at that point. Admiral Howard tells the Bainbridge CO that the White House wants a resolution to the hostage matter and that two other U.S. ships, the Halyburton (frigate) and Boxer (amphibious assault ship), along with members of S.E.A.L. Team Six, were being sent to assist. The admiral made it clear that if Captain Castellano proved unable to resolve the matter peacefully, the seals would take care of it. In any event, the lifeboat was not to be allowed to reach Somalia. Phillips asks for a drink of water, so Bilal gets him some. After he takes a deep drink, Najee sees him and grabs the jug away, telling Bilal that Phillips is to receive no more water. Muse keeps trying to radio contact Hufan, but is unsuccessful. Eventually, Hufan calls him and tells him that the mother ship is experiencing engine trouble and that Garaad is not happy that Muse screwed up the mission. Garaad was directing that Muse take the lifeboat directly to port in Somalia. That also appeared to be an effort to preserve the mother ship and keep it from being captured. At the S.E.A.L. Staging Base in Virginia, the members of S.E.A.L. Team Six board a C-130 for their long trip to the west coast of Africa. Muse tells Phillips that last year, he captured a Greek ship and received $6 million in ransom. Phillips sarcastically wonders why Muse was attacking his ship if he'd already gotten $6 million for the Greek ship. Muse just looks at him and tells him to shut up. The USS Bainbridge arrives and rudely announces itself to the men on the lifeboat by shining spotlights and blasting its emergency horns. When Muse opens the door to reveal the sight of the Bainbridge, Phillips sees it and gets a big grin on his face. A man calling himself Nemo (Omar Berdouni), is on board the Bainbridge. He speaks Somalian and communicates with the pirates, telling them he works for the Navy. He offers them food and water as a start to the process of negotiating the return of Captain Phillips. Muse tells Nemo that the demand is $10 million. Nemo tells Muse that it won't be easy, but they can discuss it. Sailors from the Bainbridge board the Maersk Alabama to assume control of the ship. A Lt. Hicks tells Murphy that they will escort the ship to Mombasa and safety, assuring them that the Navy will take care of the situation with Captain Phillips. Phillips tells Muse that the Navy is not there to help him, nor to negotiate with him. Najee is suspicious of everything that the Americans say or do, believing they are lying and setting them up. Nevertheless, Muse agrees to meet with the Navy. The CO sends Nemo and a number of armed men on two gunboats over to the lifeboat. Before doing anything else, they want to make sure Phillips is ok. Muse orders Phillips to the door of the lifeboat so they can see he's fine. Phillips asks the Navy members to contact his family and tell them he's ok, that he's sitting in seat 15 on the lifeboat (the first of three seat number mentions that the pirates fail to view suspiciously). Muse pushes Phillips back inside the lifeboat and continues speaking to Nemo. He refuses the offer of food and water. He just wants $10 million. He's also upset that a crewmember is video recording what's taking place. Najee becomes increasingly agitated at the course of the conversation going on outside until he raises his pistol, close to Phillips's ear, and fires it through the roof of the lifeboat. The gunboats are immediately ordered to pull back, as the CO fears that Phillips might have been shot. Muse quickly contacts the Bainbridge CO and tells him that Phillips is fine, then puts Phillips on the radio to confirm. Muse tells the CO that he'll speak to them again once they are in Somalia. After dark, the USS Halyburton and USS Boxer arrive. Phillips tells Muse that he needs to take a piss, so Muse allows him to step out of the lifeboat. Bilal is already outside. Phillips tells Bilal that the saltwater would be good for his injured foot and when Bilal looks down to consider that, Phillips pushes him into the water, then jumps in himself. He starts swimming toward the Bainbridge, and the navy crew members spot him and Bilal in the water, but they are unable to identify if one of the two is Phillips, because it is too dark. Najee aims his rifle at Phillips and tries to kill him so he won't escape, but Muse orders him to pull back. Muse then jumps in the water and swims out to Phillips and attempts to pull him back into the lifeboat. Phillips loses his shirt in the process. Rather than risk being shot by Najee, Phillips decides to get back on the raft. Once he's on board, Najee kicks and punches him and Muse has to pull him off before he kills Phillips. The Seals have parachuted from the C-130 and arrive at the Bainbridge via rubber raft about 0400, about the same time that Phillips has re-boarded the lifeboat. A Navy helicopter flies over the lifeboat and lights from it and the ship illuminate the little boat. The Bainbridge CO orders Muse and his men to surrender. Najee is upset that they are being bossed around so much and he wants Muse to do something to reassert control of the situation. Muse responds by grabbing Phillips and forcing him through the door, holding a pistol to his head. He then aims the pistol at the helicopter and fires off a few rounds. The helo turns away and Muse and Phillips go back inside. Muse then orders Bilal to get out the large yellow survivor suit from the floorboards of the lifeboat and then holds the pistol to Phillips's head again. He then orders Phillips to speak into the radio and inform the CO that he is going to be shot and the survivor suit will be used as a body bag. The S.E.A.L. Commander (Max Martini) assumes tactical command of the overall operation and he speaks to Muse, informing him that he is the official negotiator on behalf of the Americans. He refers to his notes and begins naming each of the pirates and where they are from. Muse and the others are very much alarmed by that. The negotiator also convinces them that elders from their tribe are being brought to the Bainbridge and are going to assist in arranging for the ransom for Captain Phillips. He says that they don't want the exchange of Phillips for the money to be witnessed by the elders, and they want to conduct the negotiations out of sight of Phillips. The plan is to tow the lifeboat to the exchange point. Najee advises Muse that it's an ambush. Nevertheless, Muse agrees to go over to the Bainbridge and meet with the Navy and the elders as the negotiations take place. The S.E.A.L.s position themselves on the helicopter deck of the Bainbridge, armed with sniper rifles. Phillips tries again to convince Muse to give up, before they are killed. Muse responds "I got bosses and they got rules." Phillips says, "we all got bosses. Muse tells Phillips that the mission was supposed to be simple: hijack the ship, get the ransom, and nobody would get hurt, but that he'd come too far to give up now. Phillips says "there must be something other than being a fisherman and kidnapping people," to which Muse replies, "Maybe in America, Irish. Maybe in America." A skiff from the Bainbridge goes out to the lifeboat to attach a tow rope and pick up Muse. They also surreptitiously attach a listening device to the outside of the lifeboat. While there, a bag containing a yellow shirt is tossed over. It's a shirt for Phillips. The man tossing the shirt also advises Phillips that he should put on the shirt to keep warm and to make sure and stay seated in the same seat he had been sitting in. He again tells Phillips to stay in the same seat, as they are leaving. The objective of the S.E.A.L. snipers is to obtain confirmed sightings of each of the three pirates on the raft and take them out. Optimal sighting range is 91 meters. The lifeboat is over 200 meters out, so it needs to be towed closer. The S.E.A.L. Team Commander orders high speed maneuvering, which requires the Halyburton and Bainbridge to travel the same direction, but somewhat offset, at high speed. That would create a large wake that would bounce the lifeboat around. The negotiator then tells the pirates to steer in the wake of the Bainbridge to smooth out the ride, which would then put the lifeboat in optimal position for the snipers. After the Bainbridge initiates the tow of the lifeboat, Phillips puts his yellow shirt on. Elmi doesn't like the fact that Phillips is moving around and Najee yells at Phillips to sit still. He tells Elmi that if Phillips moves again, to shoot him. The men on the Bainbridge hear that. As the Bainbridge tows the raft ever closer, the Seal snipers try but can't get confirmed sightings of each of the three pirates. Phillips sees an ink pen on the floor and, after checking that he's not being looked at, quickly grabs the pen and starts to write one last note to his family on some scrap paper. Bilal sees him and pleads with him to stop or Najee will kill them both. Najee then sees Phillips writing and grabs the paper from him. This infuriates Phillips and he attacks Najee, pushing and punching him. Bilal and Elmi have to pull Phillips off Najee. Najee orders them to tie Phillips up. The S.E.A.L. Team Commander orders the speed of the tow increased as he realizes time may be running short. Najee gets on the radio and demands to know where the elders are. He comes to realize that the elders aren't coming and the Americans have been deceiving them all along. Believing they are all likely to die anyway, Najee prepares to execute Phillips. Men on the Bainbridge witness Phillips being strung up and blindfolded, and advise the S.E.A.L. Team Commander. Phillips begs the pirates to give up, to just put their hands up. He pleads on behalf of Bilal, observing that Bilal is just a kid. Najee ignores him. Phillips then starts announcing out loud that he loves his wife, apologizing to her for his being out there rather than home with her. By then, there are two confirmed sniper sightings of the pirates (Bilal and Elmi), but Najee is still not in sight. The S.E.A.L. Team Commander then orders the tow stopped. That causes Najee to stumble forward and into view through a window. That provides a visual on all three pirates and the order to execute is carried out immediately. Blood sprays all over Phillips and he screams. Everything then falls deathly quiet, the only sounds being Phillips's whimpering, as his blindfold falls from one eye and he is witness to the scene. He goes into shock. The order is given to take Muse down. He is immediately put on the deck, cuffed and arrested. Muse asks if his friends have been killed. A Navy officer informs him that Captain Phillips is safe and the other three are dead. Muse hangs his head. Phillips is removed from the lifeboat and taken to the Bainbridge where he is treated for his wounds in the medical department of the Bainbridge by HMC O'Brien (a real-life Navy Corpsman 2nd class named Danielle Albert). The chief asks Phillips if he is hurt and inspects his wounds, including those on his face, head, under his arm, and around his wrists from being tied up. He has trouble responding to her, but when she asks him all the blood on him came from his own wounds, he seems incredulous that she would think so and says no. He becomes overwhelmed with shock and distress and the chief and another corpsman lay him down. Phillips asks if his family knows that he is safe and the chief tells him that they know and he will be able to call them soon. She assures him that everything will be okay. The epilogue states that Captain Richard Phillips was reunited with his family on April 17, 2009. Abduwali Muse was charged with piracy and sentenced to 33 years the federal correctional facility in Terre Haute, Indiana. In 2010, Captain Phillips went back to sea.
tt1226271
Biography,Drama,Sport
After failing to qualify for the 1974 World Cup, England manager Alf Ramsey is sacked and replaced by Don Revie, the highly successful manager of Leeds United. Revie is replaced at Leeds by Brian Clough, a former manager of Derby County and a fierce critic of Leeds's style of play under Revie. Much attention is called to the fact that Clough's longtime assistant, Peter Taylor has not joined him at Leeds, and Clough claims in an interview to Yorkshire Television that the team cannot possibly have been happy under Revie, due to the violent and physical nature of their game. The roots of Clough's conflict with Revie are depicted as happening in a 1967 FA Cup match between Leeds, who were then leading the First Division (though they did not win it that season) and Derby, who were struggling near the bottom of the Second Division. Clough assumes Revie to be a similar man to himself, owing to the fact that they grew up in the same part of Middlesbrough; come the day of the match however, Revie either ignores Clough or fails to make him out in the crowd upon entering Derby's Baseball Ground stadium. The match proves to be a tough affair, and despite their best efforts Derby lose 20 to Leeds. Clough initially blames the brutality of the Leeds players, but he and Taylor recognise that their side simply aren't good enough on a technical level and so remedy the problem by signing veteran Dave Mackay, along with several other young players. The club's frugal chairman, Sam Longson is extremely anxious about the investment and more so the fact that Clough didn't bother to consult him about signing Mackay. However, Derby win the Second Division title in 1969, and the following season once more face up to Leeds, the defending First Division champions... and promptly lose 50. Back in the storyline's "present," Clough almost immediately alienates his Leeds players by telling them that they can throw away all their medals and trophies, because "[they] never won any of them fairly." The season starts with a Charity Shield match against FA Cup winners Liverpool, which is widely anticipated as both the final match of legendary Liverpool manager Bill Shankly and Clough's first match in charge of Leeds. However, the event is quickly marred when Leeds's captain, Billy Bremner gets into a violent on-pitch fight with Liverpool player Kevin Keegan, which results in both players being sent off, and in turn causes them to throw their shirts off and walk off the pitch bare-chested in protest. Leeds end up losing the match on penalties, but a more serious consequence is that Bremner is given a two-month suspension from all competitions, meaning that Leeds will have to start the season without their influential captain. Returning to Clough's time at Derby, despite his continuing clashes with Longson over spending on players, the club win their first ever League championship in 1972, meaning a European Cup campaign the following year, which eventually sees them reach the semi-finals in a tie versus Juventus. Longson suggests that Clough rest his senior players in the match before; however this happens to be against Leeds, and Clough selects his best squad out of sheer pride and determination to beat Revie. This decision backfires after a particularly crunching match gives Derby a massive injury list. After the match, Bremner approaches Clough and sarcastically tells him "Good luck in Europe." Juventus quickly send them packing from the European Cup, giving Clough a chance to publicly lambast Longson. Later that year, after Taylor suffers a heart attack, Clough decides to try and secure his position by offering up his and Taylor's resignations. To his horror however, the club's board call his bluff and not only terminate their contracts, but ban them from ever setting foot in the Baseball Ground again (although Clough still sneaks into their next match as a supporter anyway). Clough is confident that the board will come to their senses and re-instate him and Taylor, but Dave Mackay is appointed manager instead, and the appointment of the popular former player mollifies the Derby fans and extinguishes any hope Clough has of getting his job back. Subsequently, he and Taylor are offered jobs as manager and assistant respectively of Brighton & Hove Albion, and they agree to take the jobs after having a holiday in Majorca which Brighton's chairman pays for. During the holiday however Clough is approached by representatives of Leeds and agrees to take over there. Taylor on the other hand prefers the prospect of Brighton, knowing that whatever Clough achieves at Leeds it will still be with Revie's team, and after a fierce argument the two go their separate ways, with Clough taking over at Leeds and Taylor becoming Brighton manager. Without their captain, and also suffering from major differences of opinion with Clough, Leeds suffer a horrendous start to the season and look to be in danger of relegation only one season after winning the title. After Bremner and the players air their grievances to the board, the club decides to terminate Clough's contract - although not before he forces them to pay a huge severance package. Afterwards, Clough agrees to do another interview with Yorkshire Television, and this time Revie is there to have his say, bringing the two face to face at last. Clough accuses Revie of being cold-hearted and fundamentally dishonest, both as a person and a football manager, and Revie in turn brands Clough inflexible and egocentric. Clough also brings up the subject of Revie's failure to acknowledge him in the 1967 FA Cup match, and Revie claims to have not known who exactly the rookie manager was at the time (a doubtful claim considering that Revie was known for meticulously researching every opponent his team faced). After the interview ends, Clough drives down to Brighton to patch things up with Taylor. In the film's epilogue, the audience is told that Don Revie proved a complete failure as an England manager, and afterwards never worked in football in his home country again, spending the rest of his career working in the Middle East. Brian Clough and Peter Taylor meanwhile reunited at Nottingham Forest, where he repeated his prior achievements with Derby by taking them up and winning the First Division, and this time bettered both Revie and his own spell at Derby by winning two European Cups in succession. The film ends by branding Clough "the best manager that the English national side never had." [D-Man2010]
tt0455957
Biography,Drama,History
During the Last Bastion of the Spanish Inquisition, 1790-1810, An Inquistador named Lorenzo (Javir Baldem) is being painted on various visits by artist Fransisco Goya when his fellows say Goya is painting whores as angels. Lorenzo tries to defend his work, saying it is those people--the whores and maimed --who the church needed to reach, to keep them from committing acts against God, not the artist just painting what he saw; then tells younger church leaders to pick up the Inquisition, search for those secretly practicing other religions. Into this hyped -up search for heathens, a rich merchant's young daughter out one evening (Natalie Portman as Inez) is said to have refused to have eaten pork , making her practicing Jewish rituals secretly...Incidently she is a model Goya used who was an angel on a church ceiling; Lorenzo displayed an interest in her by asking if long hours with such models made Goya think of other things, and what was her name. Goya ignores the last but says "You have too acute an eye, Brother Lorenzo." When the girl's father comes to him and says Inez is a Church prisioner, Goya is angry but refuses to ask Lorenzo about her freedom. The father donates all his gold to the church for his daughter. Goya allows him to leave the gold , pay for the painting of the Brother, and tells Brother Lorenzo the deal. She is kept by the Catholic Church for trial, and "put to the question" ,which brother Lorenzo has learned for her family but believes in the sanctity of--if you were innocent, God gave you the fortitude to withstand torture and you didn't sign guilt to a lie. Lying to escape torture went against God. If you lied you were just as much a heretic as if you'd done the act. The girl has admitted she did it after extreme torture and Brother Lorenzo tries to take leave of her family when her father has his sons and servants hold him. Goya, also present, is telling the father," you don't treat Brother Lorenzo like that !" when they grab him and bar the doors. They will let Goya free alone. After torture, Brother Lorenzo signs a rediculous paper that he had to be tortured pretty bad to sign. The father says he will produce it if Lorenzo does not get his daughter out. Lorenzo is next seen walking slowly down the Church's prison hall, looking into cells. He finally finds the girl, younger and dressed in rags that show her more sexual than even the artist had made her in sheer angel gowns. He tries to look away and put his overcoat on her but as she leans to him to pray with him and he watches the sharp little mind love his Lord so much and speak so fast and earnestly, he suddenly pulls her to him and says "I do care about you, I do" and "that's alright" as she struggles. His new discovery is a selfish one (it doesn't mattter if she cares about him, he hasn't asked if he can hold her tight, he is only learning that the real girl in the painting, so infatuating, was someone he also actually cared for.) He may also have meant that in matters of the flesh he had not expected to care about his target. So he'd go to her , say do you want to pray with me, at which she'd fall into his love, say "Love me".Obviously he did--years later he learns they had a child. Meantime the rich merchant has brought the Catholic Tribunal or whatever the signed statement and they are searching for Lorenzo, who has fled. Goya is visited by the church who takes his painting of Lorenzo away as part of a heresy trial they're working up on him. Lorenzo's signature showed the merchant and townspeople that torture did not work and was unfair; it showed church heads that people were in danger of not trusting "The Question" and that God gave His people fortitude to withstand torture--only bad people signed, making Lorenzo a false man of God. Although Lorenzo was alone in Inez's room with her at least several times, he never tried to help her escape, even when he ran, himself--he left her there. He ran to France where the French Revolutionaries got him into a Spanish Revolution. He comes back as a leader of the Spanish uprising., and has fun sentencing to death the old Church leader who wanted him killed. He has a nice office into which Goya comes, now fully deaf. He tells Lorenzo that Inez was finally released, after Lorenzo says he could never forget the family--they were what changed him. Lorenzo has him bring her in. She's a mess. She's just found no one waiting for her on release, walked home, and her family was dead around the stripped house. She has not combed her hair or looked in a mirror, has a "mad" twist to her mouth, but lights up at sight of Lorenzo and runs to him and begins to kiss his hand all over. Lorenzo kind of sits where she can't keep it up and asks gently what he can do for her. She says they took her baby. She says "our baby." He tries, looking at the deaf artist, to correct her. She says he's the only man she's been with. He asks if she knows how long she was locked up. She has no idea. (The baby would be 20). She's still looking for a baby she can raise. Lorenzo has a wife he loves, he's told Goya, and children, and can make 10 paintings, his family is so big now.He tells Inez two men will take her to her baby and she leaves happily. Goya demands to know where he really sent her. "She is out of her mind, she'll always be safe," Lorenzo says." Part of her insanity is to think he could have fathered a baby with her; Sorry she's changed to this.... Goya doesn't buy it and tracks down the baby and finds it is a hooker in a hooker park. On his own Lorenzo has already tracked babies who were born in the Catholic dungeons and found she had run from an Catholic orphanage at age 7 and has cautiously also asked if the parents' names were written anywhere and told no. He has a soft, smiling manner of asking and it doesn't seem he is collecting very important information . He fondled a young girl's head in the orphanage, whom he seemed to hope was his, asking which one in the room was her, looking at all these girls under 18. But that's when they said none; she ran off at age 7. Her given name was Alicia. Now Goya comes to see him again. He has found the daughter. Where? Lorenzo demands. Goya bitterly tells.Lorenzo says in his calm way, " How do you know this is Inez's child?" "Because she looks exactly like the face I saw whenever I shut my eyes, the face that's haunted me all my life,..." As Goya goes on Lorenzo says "You are obsessed with Inez!" and Goya defends himself. He's looking out for her, which Lorenzo knows in his heart he is not. Goya has seen Alicia get in a rich man's carraige and go off for the night; the old lady peddling her say Goya can have her next. What he doesn't know is that Lorenzo is on that carraige, one time we are unexpectedly happy to see actor Javier Baldem, and when Alicia (Natalie Portman, also) tries to move on him, slaps her away angrily. This is his daughter. He offers to send her to America, he wants her to leave Spain (so Goya can't force a meeting). The girl gets sassy and attacks and is out of there like a bobcat while the big heavy Lorenzo is left asking her to please come back. Later Goya tries to arrange for the two to meet, after Lorenzo warns him with deep anger that there is no way he is going to help a mother learn that her daughter is a harlot and asks why he won't leave it alone. Goya has Inez, who he bailed out of a home for the insane, in his carraige and is in the bar trying to get Alicia to come out and meet her. Alicia says"Why would I care?" but then a counter-revolutionary attack with the Bitish involved enters the bar and arrests the harlots, dragging Alicia away so that she looses her baby she was holding. Another girl has handed it to her while going off on a date, but we never know if it is really Alicia's or not. It is left crying under a table. Inez has gotten out of the carraige and walks upon the carnage, used to it, and picks up the baby. She later talks to the shocked Goya like it's hers. He has seen Alicia carted off. Alicia's group are freed by some handsome British , one who Alicia catches the eye of with a winking smile. Goya is in Lorenzo's office . They are accusing each other of whoring to be there. Lorenzo went from church to revolution-- -well, Goya paints for the king, paints for the new leadership when the King is deposed, paints for anyone, paints for money, Lorenzo spits. At least, maybe he didn't see the light at first, but Lorenzo has morals. Just then there is news that the British are advancing , no one is stopping them, and Lorenzo runs out and gets his wife and kids hurriedly in a coach and is following them on horse when the Brits reach him. He turns off to let the coach get away, and mobs reach him and drag him into town, where the Catholics are reinstated in power and try him instantly, find him guilty, and sentence him to death. If he repents he will be spared. He looks at them, throws their pen down. He did not pass this test last time. This time he is not going to be tortured, just have his neck cleanly broke. As he looks at a world where the man who sentenced him to death called him "my son", and few know him by name--Lorenzo--he can only look at a mob of strangers and see the new leadership walk out --his granddaughter now part of the inner royal circle as she stands thereon the courtly balcony with what appear to be the new King , Queen, and prince, Alicia at his side like royalty, never noticing Lorenzo as she smiled at the crowd and danced as his neck broke. But Lorenzo saw that she was doing all right for herself--that she knew how to "whore" through life. And that her days of abuse by men were over. Then he hears his name out of the crowd and, sweat filling his eyes with salt, just makes out the young face he'd "cared for", twisted and stark-raving mad, smiling broadly as she holds up a baby. He manages to give her a smile. I felt something was left out here as the baby should have confused him, made him think, oh, oh. And I felt a scene where he had to acknowledge he'd known her was in order , and should have been between all his dismissals of her as nuts while not really meeting her eyes, and this smile as if the sight of her (as she then was, out of her mind) pleased him . Only two times did it seem he cared about her--when he said "I do care about you" and when he said tersely that he'd never tell a mother that her daughter was a harlot. Nothing explained the kind of smile she evoked from him except if he had once loved that face while it smiled and to see it again was a present, a gift. It beat seeing her fighting for him, yelling no, getting pushed down,as he died--but her simpleton-manner, "everything's great now, I have a baby", would not have been enough to make me smile--I'd rather have seen her in her real mind, knowing what was going on , that I was about to die . But that out-of-it smile got him to smile as he watched the world be wrong about its need to murder him for being a heretic. In the end, children dance and sing around his body being dragged, head down , on a cart; the crazy girl joins them, picking up his hand and kissing it as Goya brings up the rear yelling "Inez!" You don't want to talk about anything else after it's over, and it keeps popping up as you go about the next 6 or 8 hours, heavier fare than the things you are usually involved with. You keep thinking. Was he good to her? That smile, that was the one time, that she knew of, as she had no idea he'd talked to her baby , that it had grown up.But she thought he was her love. She'd kept a candle lit for him. The smile was a gift to her. He was ultimately, finally, good to her. But never enough--for his part in creating her crazed mind, a baby raised in an orphanage, etc.He never took on that guilt, unless in trying to make the harlot daughter go away.
tt0099763
Biography,Crime,Drama
In the opening shot, a naked and bloody dead woman is seen lying in grass in a field. In a local diner, a man named Henry (Michael Rooker) finishes his meal, pays his tab, buys a pack of Kool brand cigarettes, and tells the waitress: "real nice smile you got there". Henry walks to his beat-up dark-green 1970 Chevy Impala and drives off. In a convenience/liquor store, a middle-aged man and woman are seen lying dead beside the counter, and the sounds of their murder are heard. In other shots, a woman is seen lying dead in the bathroom of a motel room. Another nude woman is seen lying dead in a creek. Henry drives around Chicago listening to his car radio and staring at the people on the street. He drives to a suburban neighborhood and sees several women walking to their cars in a shopping mall parking lot. He follows one woman to her house, but leaves when he sees a man greet her in the driveway. Henry drives on until he picks up a female guitar-carrying hitchhiker. Meanwhile, a man named Otis (Tom Towles) meets his younger sister Becky (Tracy Arnold) at a terminal at Midway Airport. She has just arrived from Texas to stay with him for a while. Otis tells Becky that she looks terrible (from the bruises on her face). In his car driving from the airport, Otis says he always knew that Becky's husband, Leroy, was no good for her. Becky tells Otis that she is not sure how long she will stay. Otis and Becky arrive at Otis' seedy second floor apartment located at 1801 North Road in Chicago. They are seated at the kitchen table talking when Henry walks in. Henry has the hitchhiker's guitar and gives it to Otis as a gift. Otis introduces Henry to his sister, and Otis tells Becky that Henry is currently heading west and has been staying with him for a few weeks. The next day, Henry is seen working as an exterminator, spraying a kitchen. Henry's boss arrives as he is leaving and tells Henry that this is all the work he has for a while, but tells him to hold onto the spray can. He gives Henry some money for his job and sends him on his way. Henry drives to the house of the same woman that he followed from the mall the previous day. He still his spray tank with him. He knocks on the woman's front door and introduces himself as an exterminator and asks if she needs her house fumigated. She lets him inside. Afterwords, the woman is seen laying dead on her living room couch, having been strangled with an electrical cord. Meanwhile, Otis is seen working as a fuel pump operator at a local gas station. A teenage boy visits Otis at the station and asks if Otis has any more of the stuff that he sold the boy last week. He gives Otis some money, and Otis agrees to meet with the teen later. That evening at Otis' apartment, Becky is in the kitchen cooking dinner and she asks Otis how he met Henry. Otis tells her that they met in prison a few years ago and that Henry was inside for killing his mother and one of her boyfriends with a baseball bat. After dinner, Henry helps Becky clear the table as well as wash and dry the dishes, while Otis leaves to go to his meeting with the teenager. While playing cards with Henry, Becky asks him about his father, and then tells him that her own father used to rape her. She asks Henry if he killed his mother and repeats what Otis told her. Henry tells Becky that he did kill his own mother but he didn't beat her to death with a baseball bat. He stabbed her. Henry explains that his mother was a prostitute who brought men over and make Henry watch while she had sex with them. When Henry would refuse, she would beat him. When Henry mentions about shooting his mother, Becky reminds him that he told her that he stabbed her. Henry corrects himself. The following evening, Becky again cooks dinner for Henry and Otis and mentions that she got a job as a shampoo girl at a local beauty parlor downtown to help out financially. Otis mentions that Becky's previous job was a stripper and that she used to dance naked at various strips clubs, and asks when she will dance for them. Otis tells Becky to get him a beer. When she comes back to the table with a can, he pulls her by her arm as if to give her a kiss. Henry suddenly grabs Otis' hair and yells "Don't do that, Otis! She's your sister!" Henry makes Otis apologize and promise not to do it again. Otis seems upset, so Becky suggests the two men go out for a beer. While driving along a seedy part of Milwaukee Avenue, Henry and Otis pick up a couple of women. The car pulls into an alley where they begin to make out with the two women. In the back seat, Henry suddenly kills her. The other woman, in the front seat with Otis, screams and tries to get out of the car, but Otis grabs her while Henry reaches up and snaps the woman's neck. He pulls the bodies out and leaves them in the alley. Otis is unsettled, but Henry pacifies him by getting him something to eat. At Otis' apartment later, Henry talks about killing people, and Otis seems to agree with Henry's philosophy that "it is either you or them". Another evening later, Otis in his living room and getting bad TV reception and kicks in the screen. He decides that they need a new television. Otis and Henry drive to a garage where they meet a portly man surrounded by television sets and other appliances. The three men discuss different TV's and a $500 video camera before Otis settles on a $50 black-and-white TV. The fat man is angry that they wasted his time to settle for a cheap TV and is rude towards Henry, who responds by stabbing him in his hand and then in the stomach. Then the two of them bash the $50 TV over his head and plug it it, killing the fat man. A little later, Otis, Henry and Becky are playing with the stolen video camera at Otis' apartment and watch TV with a new and stolen TV set. Another few days later, Otis goes to see his parole officer to discuss his job status. Later, Otis goes to a high school parking lot where he meets with the same teenage boy for a drug transaction. Otis touches the boy's leg, and receives a punch to his face by the homophobic youth who runs out of the car. That evening, a furious Otis tells Henry that he wants to go out and kill someone. Henry and Otis drive around Chicago and feign car trouble at Lower Wacker Drive where Otis shoots and kills a man who stops to offer help. The next day, while out filming with the video camera, Henry advises Otis about his MO for killing and tells him to kill in different ways so that the police will not find a pattern. Henry also says that it is important to keep moving and never stay in one place for too long. That evening, the two men head over to a house where they stage a home invasion. Henry films Otis tormenting a woman, while her husband is lying on the floor bound and gagged. The couple's teenage son returns and Henry drops the camera, runs to the boy and breaks his neck. Otis breaks the woman's neck and Henry stabs the man. Otis fondles and kisses the dead woman, and Henry orders him to stop. Later, Henry and Otis are back in the apartment watching the video. Otis rewinds the tape saying, "I want to see it again." Another day or two later, Becky is working at her job at the beauty parlor and during a break, she talks on the phone with her mother long distance and asks how she is doing. Meanwhile, Henry and Otis are driving around in Henry's car. As Otis leans out with the video camera, the camera is hit and broken. Otis throws it out the window and the two men argue. Henry warns Otis that he is getting careless and out of control with his antics. The growing warped Otis says that he wants to stop for a beer, and Henry forces him to get out of the car. Henry arrives back at the apartment where Becky tells him that she just quit her job so she can go back to Texas to live with her daughter and mother, and she asks Henry to go with her. Henry suggests going out to get a steak dinner at a local restaurant so they can talk about it some more. Plus, Henry wants to try out his new credit card (obviously stolen from one of his recent victims). The couple returns a few hours later to find Otis passed out drunk on the living room couch. Becky takes Henry to her bedroom where she takes off her shirt and begins to unbutton his, clearly wanting to have sex with him. Henry seems reluctant. Otis suddenly appears in the doorway and says "I ain't interuptin' nothin', am I?" Henry leaves the apartment and goes for a walk. He goes to a convenience store to buy some more Kool cigarettes. He is angry, but backs out on wanting to kill the store clerk. Outside in an alley, he meets a middle-aged woman walking a dog. He follows the woman for a while, but again backs out from killing her and heads back to the apartment. Upon arriving back at the apartment, Henry finds Otis on top of a partially unclothed Becky, clearly raping her while choking her with his shirt. Henry kicks him off and beats him until Otis breaks a liquor bottle over his head. Just when Otis is about to stab Henry with the broken bottle's jagged edge, Becky leaps up and stabs Otis in his eye with the sharp edge of a steel comb. Henry crawls to the wounded and screaming Otis and stabs him in the stomach with his hunting knife, killing him at last. Becky yells at Henry to get the police, but Henry tells her to shut up and let him think. After a minute, he tells Becky help him clean up the mess and pack up so they can leave since their names are not on the lease of the apartment. While Becky cleans up the blood, Henry chops up Otis in the bathtub and puts his remains in several black plastic trash bags and then puts the bags in a suitcase. Henry and Becky leave the apartment carrying several suitcases as well as the guitar case. They drive to a bridge and throw the suitcase containing Otis' cut up body into the Chicago river. While driving out of the city, Henry says that they are going to hide out at his sister's ranch out west and they will send for Becky's daughter. Becky tells Henry that she loves him. Henry replies unemotionally, "I guess I love you too." The two of them drive to a rural motel and check in for the night. Becky plays with the guitar while Henry looks at himself in the bathroom mirror. He tells Becky that they need to get some sleep for they have a long drive tomorrow. The next morning, Henry showers, shaves, packs up and leaves the motel by himself. He stops his car a short distance from the motel along a rural road, pops open the car trunk and takes out Becky's blood stained suitcase. He drives away, leaving the suitcase (obviously containing Becky's dismembered body in it) behind.
tt0093378
Biography,Drama,Music
Richard Steven Valenzuela (Lou Diamond Phillips) is a normal teenage boy living in San Diego, California who becomes a rock 'n' roll superstar under the stage name Ritchie Valens. He meets and falls in love with fellow high school student Donna Ludwig, for whom he wrote a song that became a number one hit ("Donna"). However, her father is shown as having problems with his daughter dating Ritchie, which causes friction between Donna and Ritchie. The movie also has several subplots, such as his relationship with his mother Connie Valenzuela (Rosanna DeSoto) and half-brother Bob Morales (Esai Morales), and the jealousy Bob felt toward Ritchie because of his success. In one scene, Bob wins an important art contest that helps promising cartoonists, only to throw away his prize because, in his mind, his mother doesn't seem to care enough. Bob resorts to drinking heavily and, at one point, leads him to end up crying in front of his mother's door yelling "I want to see my daughter!" in reference to the child he sired with Ritchie's ex-girlfriend, Rosie (Elizabeth Pea). However, when they get an opportunity, Ritchie and Bob sneak out for a good time. On one occasion, they take a road trip to Tijuana, visiting one of the local nightclubs where Ritchie discovers the song that would eventually become his biggest hit, "La Bamba". Meanwhile, the film also focuses on Ritchie's aviophobia (fear of flying), and a recurring dream he has as a result of a mid air collision between two planes that actually occurred directly over Ritchie's school, in which Ritchie's best friend was killed by one of the fallen aircraft. Eventually, he must conquer his fear when asked to perform his song "Donna" on American Bandstand. His manager, Bob Keane (Joe Pantoliano), helps him by giving him a little vodka to calm his nerves during the flight to Philadelphia for the Bandstand appearance. As Valens becomes more famous, his responsibilities change. He has to go on the ill-fated 1959 Winter Party Dance Tour with Buddy Holly (Marshall Crenshaw) and "The Big Bopper" (Stephen Lee) after his hits, "La Bamba" and "Donna", reach the top of the Billboard charts. Valens, Holly, and Bopper take off in an airplane during a light snowstorm for their fateful flight on February 3, 1959 (a day that becomes known as "The Day the Music Died"). Before that, Ritchie makes a call to his brother, wherein they patch up their differences. He even invites Bob to fly out to Chicago to join the tour for family support. The next day, as Bob is fixing his mother's car, he hears the news bulletin on the radio that his brother's plane crashed without any survivors. Bob darts out of his driveway in an attempt to get to his mother before she hears the bad news through the radio. Unfortunately, by the time he gets there she stands immobile. The news hits the whole Valenzuela family very hard. In the final scene, Bob is walking over a bridge and screaming the name of Ritchie, remembering all the good times they had together (in flashback). We then see Lou Diamond Phillips and the Mexican American rock band Los Lobos performing Valens' version of "La Bamba" accompanied by the closing credits.
tt0482546
Biography,Drama
Miss Potter is a 2006 film directed by Chris Noonan. It is a biopic of children's author and illustrator Beatrix Potter, and combines stories from her own life with animated sequences featuring characters from her stories, such as Peter Rabbit. Scripted by Richard Maltby, Jr., the director of the Tony-winning Broadway revue, Fosse, the film stars Rene Zellweger in the title role; Ewan McGregor as her publisher and fianc, Norman Warne; and Lloyd Owen as solicitor William Heelis. Emily Watson stars as Warne's sister, Millie. Lucy Boynton also stars as the young Beatrix Potter. The film received generally positive reviews and earned Zellweger her sixth Golden Globe nomination. It was filmed in Cecil Court, Osterley Park, Covent Garden, the Isle of Man, Scotland and the Lake District. Miss Potter was released on 29 December 2006 so that the film could compete for the 2007 Academy Awards.
tt0362269
Biography,Drama,Romance
A professor of zoology (insect biology), Alfred Kinsey (Liam Neeson), understands bugs but not himself. Finally marrying, he and his wife Clara McMillen (Laura Linney) discover that sexuality is more than watching bugs "do it". He find himself stumped when asked by newly-wed students about an aspect of human sexual behavior. His scientific credibility is then brought to the study of sexuality, initially by analyzing a questionnaire given to his students. His wife suggests that the students might lie on a questionnaire, but be truthful if interviewed in person. Kinsey sets out to interview his students then later many thousands of people across America using a team of researchers from Indiana University, under a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation. The 1940/50s McCarthyism creates fear, uncertainty and doubt in many regarding the study, including the Foundation and the University. Nevertheless, the resulting books on male sexuality (1948) and later female sexuality (1953), revolutionize how sex is perceived; and, the work laid the ground for the "sexual revolution" of the 1960s. During this, Kinsey and his team discover the wide range of 'acceptable' sexual behavior, and their own sexual freedom - sometimes to their dismay.
tt0247196
Biography,Drama,Romance
Before Night Falls is the story of the writer, novelist, and poet Reinaldo Arenas who was born in a poor rural area of Eastern Cuba. He initially supported the Cuban Revolution that brought Fidel Castro to power in 1959. Arenas moved to La Habana in 1963 and grew interested in writing. In 1966 he published El mundo alucinante (Hallucinations) which received critical acclaim and won honorable mention from the Union of Cuban Writers and Artists. Arenas openly gay lifestyle eventually let to trouble and in 1973 he was charged with ideological deviation and sent to jail, but escaped, was rearrested, then imprisoned in El Morro. He was released in 1976 and in 1980 was part of the Mariel Boat lift to the United States. While in New York City Arenas published Cantando en el pozo (Singing From the Well) in 1982, followed by El palacio de la blanqusimas mofetas (Palace of white Skunks) in 1982 and El portero (The Doorman) in 1987. He committed suicide by overdose on December 7, 1990 at age 47. His memoir, Antes que anochezca (Before Night Falls) was published three years later, and is a principal source of this film, produced in 2000. Arenas is played by the Spanish actor Javier Bardem, whose performance and Cuban accent are absolutely perfect.
tt0071780
Drama,Romance
In 1925, in Bastrop, Texas, Gid Frye (Anthony Perkins) narrates in voice-over as he watches his best friend Johnny (Beau Bridges) kiss Molly Taylor (Blythe Danner) outside a schoolhouse on election day. When Molly leads Ikey, a farmhand, inside to vote, Gid teases Johnny and suggests that he date Sarah Peters. After Johnny leaves, Gid takes a walk with Molly, kisses her, and asks whose girl she is. Molly thinks she is too silly for Gid, commenting that Johnny is silly but only Eddie White (Conard Fowkes), another boyfriend, is as silly as she. After Gid compliments her beauty, she suggests that maybe she is Gid's girl and they embrace. Ikey rides past on his mule and Gid suspects Johnny paid the farmhand to spy. Gid complains that he and Molly must keep their relationship secret. One day, Johnny and Gid work on a farm together, and Gid presents Johnny with a new saddle. Gid's father, Mr. Frye (Ed Binns), forces Gid to plow a field despite his protests. He tells his father he wants to go to the Texas Panhandle with Johnny to find work. Sometime later, Gid visits Molly at her house and asks her to go fishing. Molly says she received a postcard from Johnny, but Gid doesn't care to see it. Kissing Molly in a field, Gid suggests they get married. Resisting the idea, Molly tells Gid she will do anything but marry him. Molly undresses and runs into a pond, but Gid stays behind and she accuses him of being too careful. One evening, Gid visits Sarah Peters (Susan Sarandon), who tends to several illegitimate children inside her home before joining him for a walk. They kiss, and Sarah mentions marriage, but Gid does not respond. At her home, Molly shows Gid her black eye, explaining that her father, Mr. Taylor (Claude Traverse), hit her, but only because she provoked him. Gid apologizes for not swimming with Molly and says he loves her. As she undresses him, he walks away to latch the front door. Upset that he left the room, Molly yells at Gid not to leave her again. Waking up in her bed the next morning, Gid asks Molly why there is no blood on the sheets, and she casually confesses she was not a virgin. Heading to a livestock market, Gid and Johnny ride a train. Gid wants to know if Johnny plans to propose to Molly, conceding that, because Johnny made love to her first, he should have the first chance to marry her. Johnny says he thought Molly lost her virginity to Gid, and the men realize that Eddie must have slept with her first. Gid claims he will marry Molly despite being her third lover. Back in town, Gid asks Molly to accompany him to a dance but she has promised to go with Eddie. At the dance, Johnny fights Eddie, and the sheriff intervenes. Johnny and Gid work on a ranch outside town, but Gid becomes homesick and returns, finding his father ill but unwilling to go to the doctor. One night at Molly's house, Eddie crosses paths with Gid upon his arrival and informs him that Mr. Taylor accidentally drank lye and died. After Eddie leaves, Molly rushes outside to vomit. That night, Gid lies in bed with Molly and comforts her. Johnny sends word to Gid from the ranch, promising to visit Molly soon. One day, Eddie surprises Gid with the news that he and Molly were married one week ago, warning Gid to stay away from her. Mr. Frye consoles his son, asserting that a woman's affections are random and he shouldn't sulk. Gid later finds a suicide note from his father and realizes he has gone to shoot himself. At Mr. Frye's funeral, Molly asks Gid to visit her soon. Sarah approaches after Molly leaves, and Gid takes her hand. Sometime later, he and Sarah marry. Gid describes his new wife as proud and scared, but not generous, and admits he is still in love with Molly. At a secret rendezvous, Molly tells Gid she has always wanted him to be whole hog in love with her. She says she wishes he wouldn't worry so much about what others think, but Gid wonders if he is incapable. They make love, and she tells him she is ready to have a baby and wants Gid to be the father. He agrees to impregnate her. Returning home, Johnny joins Molly and Gid on the Frye farm. Gid helps a cow birth a calf, and Molly kisses the newborn animal. Months later, Molly shows Gid a bump on her abdomen, confirming she is pregnant with his child. Twenty years later in the year 1945, the voice-over narrative shifts its focus to Molly's point of view, as she recounts the events of the past two decades: Eddie died two years after they married; Matt, the son belonging to Molly and Gid, joined the US Navy and went to war in the Pacific; and Molly's second son, Joe, whom Johnny fathered, died in action in Germany a few months ago. Outside her house, Johnny tells Molly that Gid is buying another ranch. After Molly asks for his help planting tomatoes, Johnny says he came to court her and they make love. One night, a tornado hits and Molly retreats to an underground shelter. The next morning, Gid, who is still married to Sarah, checks on Molly and they embrace. Before she prepares breakfast for the two of them, Molly receives a letter from Matt and hides it from Gid. When he comments that their son may be tougher after the war, she cries, aware that Matt hates her for being an adulterer. Molly recalls that her alcoholic father instructed her to marry Eddie because, though he didn't have any money, he drank and would treat her like a wife should be treated. After she was married, everyone in town became aware of her affair with Gid. In town, Molly receives a telegram that Matt has died. Gid drives by, offers her a ride, and takes her home where they mourn in silence. That night, Gid announces to Molly that he cannot see her romantically anymore, though hes still madly in love with her. Molly wants to continue to sleep with him, believing he and Sarah no longer have sex. She asks if Gid is ashamed of her, like Matt was. Gid responds that he is ashamed of them both. Molly wonders why she does not feel shame and says she believes that love justifies adultery. Gid demands to know why she wouldn't marry him years ago. Molly admits she thought Eddie needed her more, but she was wrong. Gid agrees to come by when he can risk it, but Molly angrily sends him away. Molly reads the letter she received from Matt before his death, in which Matt reacts to the news of his brothers death and says he hopes he is killed as well. He writes that he will never forgive her for sleeping with Gid out of wedlock, and promises she will not hear from him again. Molly burns the letter, saying she knew it would break Gid's heart and cause him to stick by her. Sometime later, Molly asks Johnny if he disapproves of her. Johnny says he is not the type of person to be ashamed and assures her they raised a good son. Molly wishes that Gid felt the same way. One day, Gid delivers a puppy to Molly. Afterward, she says she badly wanted to touch him, seeing that he needed it, but did not want to tempt him. In 1964, the voice-over narrative shifts again, this time to Johnny's point of view, as he visits a terminally sick Gid in the hospital and presents him with a prank toy that shoots a fake snake out of a can. Teasing his friend, Gid pretends to have a heart attack. Johnny helps him break out of the hospital early, and Gid asks to go to Molly's house. Two days later, Gid leaves to go back to the hospital despite Molly's attempts to make him stay. While working on a windmill, Gid tells Johnny he might leave Sarah to live with Molly for the remainder of his life, believing it will give him peace. Johnny agrees that it would be good for both of them. Moments later, Gid falls off a ladder on the side of the windmill. As Johnny drives him to the hospital, Gid dies from his wounds. Later, Johnny consoles Molly at her house. When she sees that he is sexually aroused, she tells Johnny not to feel ashamed and they make love. The next day, Johnny asks Molly how she would feel about getting married. She turns him down but says he is welcome in her home every night. Johnny recalls that, in his will, Gid left Johnny one thousand acres and a pickup truck; however, he only left Sarah a pocket watch. Johnny remembers the day when he and Molly kissed outside the schoolhouse and confesses that he sent Ikey to spy on her and Gid.
tt1185431
Adventure,Biography,Comedy
The tires of a baby-blue '53 Cadillac Coupe de Ville convertible squeal down the New York street, and none of its occupants looks back. The beautiful but mercurial Ann Devereaux (Rene Zellweger) has just left her philandering husband Dan Devereaux (Kevin Bacon), a society bandleader, and taken to the road with her teenage sons, George (Logan Lerman) and Robbie (Mark Rendall), in search of a wealthy replacement mate. Although it's 1953, Ann is certain that her girlish charms will serve her as well as they did two decades earlier. But time has marched on since Ann's courting days, and it seems that the losers and playboys outnumber the eligible and willing bachelors. Ann never gives up hope, but a series of new schools for the boys, ever more humble lodgings and romantic misadventures start to take the gloss off their trip. Yet Ann is indefatigable, her pride matched by the flighty enthusiasm of her older son Robbie, a flamboyant boy who believes he is meant for a life on the stage, and the cynical wit of George, an observant aspiring writer. As the miles roll by, their journey veers from eccentric, to hair rising, to poignant, to comic. From her impulsive choices to the downright bizarre characters they meet on the road, Ann steers her sons on a narrow highway between excitement and panic. But ultimately, George discovers the determination, dignity and love underneath his mothers narcissistic exterior. And Ann makes a different future for herself and her sons than any of them had imagined. A self-absorbed woman leaves her philandering band-leader husband and takes her two teen-aged sons across the country, searching for a new husband who's worthy-and capable-of supporting her and her family. In their sometimes comedic, sometimes poignant cross-country adventure, they find new levels of self-reliance as they pull together as a family and overcome the unexpected pitfalls of the road. Rene Zellweger stars as a mother who travels down the East Coast with her children as they look for a wealthy socialite to take care of them in this comedy based on a childhood recollection of actor George Hamilton.
tt0073345
Drama
Arthur Goldman is Jewish and a Nazi death camp survivor. Now a rich industrialist, he lives in luxury in a Manhattan high-rise. He banters with his assistant Charlie, often shocking him with his outrageousness and irreverence about aspects of Jewish life. One day, Israeli secret agents burst in and kidnap Goldman and take him to Israel for trial on charges of being a Nazi war criminal. Goldman's trial forces his accusers to face not only his presumed guilt, but their own as well. At the end it appears that Goldman falsified the dental records which the Israelis used to identify him in order to bring about the trial. When the deception is revealed by the Israeli prosecutor, Goldman is left standing in the trial court's bulletproof glass box, a broken man, and dies. The plot was inspired by actual events surrounding the kidnapping and trial of Adolf Eichmann.
tt0091954
Biography,Drama,Music
The film opens on 12 October 1978, with several police officers dragging Sid Vicious (Gary Oldman) out of the Hotel Chelsea following the death of his girlfriend, Nancy Spungen (Chloe Webb). Sid is soon driven to a police station and upon arrival is asked to describe what happened. Police officers become frustrated when Sid is visibly troubled and unable to speak. A little more than a year earlier, in 1977, close friends and band members Sid and Johnny Rotten (Andrew Schofield) meet Nancy, a heroin-addicted groupie who had come to London to bed the Sex Pistols. Sid dismisses her at first, as her sexual intentions are obvious, but begins dating her after feeling sympathy for the rejection she faces from fellow punk stars and after she sells him heroin; it is implied that she introduces him to the drug. The two fall deeply in love, but their self-destructive, drug-fueled relationship frays Sid's relationship with the rest of the band, which eventually breaks up on 17 January 1978, in the midst of a disastrous American tour which features Sid strung out of his mind, often drunk or on meth, and physically violent. Although several of his friends and acquaintances warn him of Nancy's devastating effect on his life, Sid stubbornly ignores these warnings. Sid, now living in New York, attempts to start a solo career with Nancy as his manager, only to be dismissed as a has-been. By now, both he and Nancy are heavily addicted to heroin, and Nancy has spiraled into a deep depression. Sid loses interest in Nancy sexually and wants out of a suicide pact he made with her. Their love affair ends tragically one night when, during an argument in which Sid announces his plans to stop using heroin and return to England to re-start his life, a suicidal Nancy begs him to kill her. She attacks him and they fight in a drug-induced haze, leading to him stabbing her, although whether or not it was intentional is left to interpretation. They fall asleep and later Nancy awakes and stumbles into the bathroom, where she collapses and dies. Sid is bailed out temporarily by his mother who is also a heroin addict. After getting a pizza, some kids convince him to dance with them. Some time later, a taxi picks Sid up and he believes he finds Nancy alive in the back seat. The two embrace as the cab drives off. A postscript says that Vicious died of an intentional heroin overdose, and he now shares a grave with Nancy. Their gravestone reads: "R.I.P. Nancy and Sid."
tt0101316
Biography,Drama,Romance
One cannot speak of "the plot" of the film in the usual sense, since it is the autobiographical story of Duras. As such, the story is driven by the remembrances of the events in her life, rather than a formally constructed story. The story illuminates one and one-half years in the life of the adolescent Duras (Jane March), as they are recalled by the seventy-year-old writer. The film is also about life in South Vietnam, under French colonial rule. But it is also an example of this life turned upside down, as the girl is white and poor, while the man is Chinese and rich. The film opens in the present day (circa 1980) with Jeanne Moreau's voice-over as the elderly Duras reading the opening paragraphs of the novel. This is immediately followed by a flashback to an afternoon in 1929, on the Mekong River shore. On that particular day, the fifteen and one-half year old girl was returning to Saigon, as was the twenty-eight-year-old rich "Chinaman" (Tony Leung Ka Fai). They arrive at the Mekong ferry crossing, she in a public bus, and he in his black Morris Leon-Bollet limousine. The girl wears an old sleeveless silk dress, gold-spangled high-heels, and a man's pink fedora decorated with a black ribbon. She wears her hair in pigtails and her lips are painted with a brilliant red lipstick: this is a striking resemblance to the photographs of the young Duras, who wanted to be a woman before her time. The young man, impeccably dressed in a white cotton suit, emerges from his limousine and approaches the girl. At this point, we view the preceding night, at the girl's familial house in Sa Dec. We are introduced to the poisonous atmosphere which permeates it, and meet her older brother, the family tyrant (Arnaud Giovaninetti), her weak younger brother (Melvil Poupaud), and her listless mother (Frederique Meininger). We return to the ferry, where the Chinaman offers the girl a lift to Saigon. She accepts his offer of a ride to town, and in so doing, embarks on a lengthy, forbidden love affair. Each of the following days, the Chinaman arrives in his black limousine at the girl's lyce, where she attends class, and drives her to the boarding house, where she eats and sleeps. Soon, one afternoon, he picks her up at the boarding house and they drive instead to his garconnire in Cholon, the Chinese quarter of Saigon. The garconnire is a bachelor apartment provided for him by his father. It is there that the pair have their first sexual encounter. During the ensuing eighteen months, the couple meet countless times in the garconnire. In the course of the film, we are shown three such encounters, each for different reasons. The situation the lovers find themselves in is truly romantic and tragic. In the colonial society, it is totally out of the question for her, a white girl, to marry a Chinese man. The Chinese tradition forbids him to marry just anybody, especially a white girl. His wife will be chosen by his father (Xiem Mang), for social/financial reasons. Besides, following their first sexual encounter, he says that since she is no longer a virgin, he can no longer accept her as his wife. This is all right with her, she answers, since he is Chinese and, "[...], I don't particularly like the Chinese much." Therefore, they know that their love affair is doomed from the beginning, but they pursue it nevertheless to its cruel and inevitable conclusion. Eventually, the girl wants to show her "prize" to her family, and satisfy the family's curiosity. She arranges a dinner in town for her family to meet her lover. The result is an unmitigated disaster. The mother and the two brothers gorge themselves on food, get drunk, and never speak to the Chinaman, except for her older brother, who insults him and tries to provoke a fight. Following the dinner, the group goes dancing. The young brother and the girl dance together, alluding to the peculiar, somewhat incestuous relationship which exists between them, and awaken the jealousy of the Chinaman. This later leads to a violent scene between the girl and the Chinaman, back at the garconnire. Since the Chinaman is generous, the family pretends not to think about the relationship which likely exists between him and the girl. Deep inside, however, the mother is revolted by her daughter's relationship with the Chinaman, and she has several violent scenes with the girl, exacerbated by her oldest son's vicious interference. The Chinaman marries the young (sixteen years old), rich Chinese girl who his father chose for him, in a beautifully elaborate Chinese ceremony. The wedding proceeds in very festive mood, in sharp contrast to the Chinaman's demeanor, and the girl watches, impassive. A few days after the wedding, the girl leaves for France. She leans on the rail, dressed in the same clothes she wore on the first ferry ride. As her boat departs, she sees for the last time the long, black auto on the pier, and feels his gaze upon her. Many years later, the Chinaman comes to Paris with his wife. He calls her on the telephone and, as she says, "[...] told her that it was as before, that he still loved her, he could never stop loving her, that he'd love her until death." So ends this beautiful and tragic love story. In a "Hollywood" movie, the lovers could have eloped and lived "happy ever after," but this is real life, with its somehow inescapable rules.
tt0166896
Biography,Drama
Laurens, Iowa, 1994. Alvin Straight (Richard Farnsworth) is a 73-year-old frail old man who falls in his kitchen one day and waits for help from his slow-witted daughter Rose (Sissy Spacek). She takes him to a doctor, from whom Alvin will heed no advice despite his many ailments (Alvin is a World War II veteran who is a diabetic and former alcoholic who continues to smoke cigars and is in the middle stages of emphysema). His only solution for his painful walking problems is to use two canes. One night during a raging thunderstorm, Alvin gets news informing him that his 75-year-old estranged brother Lyle (Harry Dean Stanton) has suffered a stroke. The next day on the phone with a relative, Rose says that Alvin and Lyle had a dispute ten years earlier and they have not spoken ever since. Determined to see his brother after all that time, Alvin decides to visit him. The trouble is that Lyle lives 370 miles away in Mount Zion, Wisconsin, and Alvin is legally unable to drive a car due to his bad health and poor eyesight. To make matters worse, Rose cannot drive either and no buses go to Mount Zion. Undaunted, Alvin hatches a plan: he will drive his Rehd lawn mower all the way. Alvin gathers some supplies, including a clapboard trailer that he hitches to the mower, and prepares for his long journey. Rose is worried about him, but the night before he departs, he tells her to look up into the sky at the stars. Some of Alvin's old friends warn him on the way out of town that his journey is foolhardy, but he continues on, moving a few miles an hour for only a few hours until his tractor breaks down outside town. He and his tractor get towed back home, where he promptly puts the Rehd rider out of its misery with a shotgun blast. Reunited with his daughter, Alvin's determination knows no bounds. At the John Deere farm equipment dealer, he purchases a newer replacement lawn tractor from a salesman (Everett McGill) who is generous but describes Alvin as being a smart man, "until now." On September 5, Alvin sets off once more for Wisconsin. By day he travels on the road and at night he camps out in the fields off the road, making a campfire for himself every night. The first person he meets along his route is a pregnant, runaway hitchhiker (Anastasia Webb), to whom he offers some hot dogs and some inspiration after she explains that her parents would hate her for her condition. Alvin explains that his wife bore 14 children, only 7 of whom lived, and that Rose herself had 4 kids but they were taken away after a fire she was wrongly blamed for. He tells the girl that he used to ask his kids to each find a stick and try to break it, which they could do easily; then he would ask them to each place a stick in a bundle and try to break it, which they could not do. That bundle, he says, is family. The next morning, the girl is gone, having left behind a bundle of sticks. Alvin enjoys watching a rainstorm from the shelter of an abandoned farmhouse. The next scene shows Alvin as a huge group of RAGBRAI cyclists race past him. He later arrives at the cyclists' camp and he is greeted with applause. He speaks with them about growing old. When he is asked about the worst part of being old, he replies, "remembering when you was young." The next day, Alvin is troubled by the massive trucks passing him. He then interacts with a distraught woman (Barbara E. Robertson) who has hit a deer, and is being driven to distraction by the fact that she continually hits deer while commuting, no matter how hard she tries to avoid them. She drives away in a tearful huff, and Alvin, who had started to run short of food, cooks and eats the deer while an odd group of deer decoys looks on. Alvin then mounts the antlers above the rear doorway of his trailer as a tribute to the deer and the human sustenance it had provided. Five weeks into his trip, as the landscape begins to undulate, Alvin's trusty mower goes out of control and he speeds down a steep hill where a few people are gathered to watch the controlled burning of an abandoned house. A kindly middle-aged couple called the Riordans (James Cada, Sally Wingert) welcome him to stay with them as he has his tractor fixed. Now beginning to run low on cash, Alvin borrows a cordless phone from Mr. Riordan gently but resolutely refusing an invitation to come indoors and calls Rose to ask her to send him his Social Security check. He then leaves money on the doorstep to pay for his long-distance telephone call. Mr. Riordan sits with Alvin, says he and his wife would like to drive him the rest of the way to Lyle's; they would enjoy the drive, as the trees are in colour this time of year. Alvin politely declines, stating that he prefers to travel his own way. A local man about Alvin's age invites him to a bar (Alvin does not drink, so he has milk). Alvin recalls his days in WWII, when he returned from France as a heavy drinker until a preacher helped him. He explains that he drank so much because he kept seeing terrible things from war. The other man recalls how one night all of his buddies were blown up by Nazis in a tent while he was standing outside. Alvin recalls shooting one of his own men by accident, and letting the rest of his men believe he was killed by a German sniper, a secret he has not confessed since it happened. Alvin's tractor is fixed and he is presented with an exorbitant bill by the mechanics, who are twins and are constantly bickering. Alvin successfully negotiates the price down, and explains his mission, which he calls "a hard swallow to my pride," but "a brother is a brother." The mechanic twins seem to relate to this, realizing they should make peace. Alvin sets off again, crossing the Mississippi River. Later, Alvin camps in a cemetery and chats with a priest (John Lordan). The priest recognizes Lyle's name and is aware of his stroke. The priest says that Lyle did not mention he had a brother. Alvin replies that "neither one of us has had a brother for quite some time." Alvin wants to make peace with Lyle and is emphatic that whatever happened ten years ago does not matter anymore. "I say, 'Amen' to that, brother," the priest replies. The next day, Alvin arrives in Mount Zion and stops at a bar, where he orders a beer and drinks it... his first one in many years. He pays his tab and walk out. The next obstacle Alvin must overcome is apparent engine trouble, just a few miles from Lyle's house. Alvin stops in the middle of the road, unsure of how to proceed. A large farm tractor driving by then stops to help, but fortunately this time the problem was evidently just a few drops of bad gas, because the lawn-tractor's engine sputters to life again after sitting for a few minutes. The gracious farmer then leads the way on his own tractor, and drives along slowly ahead of Alvin during the final leg of his journey to make sure he gets there okay. Lyle's house is dilapidated. Using his two canes, Alvin makes his way to the door. He calls for his brother. At first Lyle does not appear and Alvin expresses relief when he does. The two brothers make contact, Lyle with a walker and Alvin with two canes. Lyle invites Alvin to sit down. Lyle looks at Alvin's mower-tractor contraption and asks if Alvin has ridden that thing just to see him. Alvin responds simply, "I did, Lyle." Lyle is moved, and the two men sit and look up at the sky at the stars, as they had done as children.
tt0080549
Biography,Drama,Music
It is about October of 1947. Thirteen year old Loretta Webb and her younger brother Herman are riding on a mule and sled down to the mining camp in Van Lear, Kentucky to pick up the yearly gifts at the company store. Her father, Ted Webb, a hardworking coal miner, tells them they're "giving the company their money back". A young man in a soldier uniform newly discharged from the Army is placing bets on driving his jeep up a heap of coal slag. His name is Doolittle Lynn. He and Loretta exchange brief glimpses and flirts with each other. Doolittle wins the bet and gets his jeep to the top. Ted and his family arrive home with the gifts and we get a glimpse of mountain life with this poor, but decent and happy family of nine living in a log cabin in near abject poverty. All the kids receive new shoes, but Loretta gets an extra gift of a nice dress with her father declaring she's about to become a woman and should have nice things. Meanwhile, Doolittle is visiting with his old friend and moonshiner, Lee Dollarhide, who is trying to convince him to come into business with him, but Doo is reluctant, even though there are no other choices for him except to work in the coal mines or move away. A short time later, Lee Dollarhide is shot to death attempting to steal moonshine from another distributor. The Webb family witness Doolittle, his father, and an undertaker taking Lee's body A seemingly morose Doolittle is now working in the mines shoveling coal and working in a horrible environment of dust, claustrophobia, and danger of it caving in. At the local one room schoolhouse, there is a musical chairs dance and pie auction. Doolittle attends, volunteers to auction the pies, and buys Loretta's last one for $5, more than a days wages for a coal miner back then. He and Loretta sit down together, he tries a slice of the pie, and it turns out she put salt instead of sugar in it. He and Loretta leave early, walk through the woods to her house, see a glimpse of the mine in town, and exchange their likeness for each other. Doolittle declares he wants to get out of the community and how the war changed him for the better on how he can live a more fulfilling life. Loretta doesn't seem to understand, with her very limited view of the world and probably never having been more than a few hours away from her home in her lifetime. Doolittle kisses her goodnight and says he will bring his jeep the next day to pick her up The next day, Doolittle brings his jeep up to the Webb household and Loretta gets in and rides with him, without her mother's consent. Doolittle speeds through creeks, hills, and downtown Paintsville, then they stop, kiss, and have an intimate embrace for the first time. After hours of being gone, her father whips her with a tree branch or a "switch" in front of the family and her mother tells her to stay away from Doolittle or she'll give her an even worse punishment. Sometime later, near Christmastime while pickaxing coal for heating at a shallow mine, Loretta's father Ted pleads with her to stop seeing Doolittle and that she's too young to be associating with a grown man and does not need to throw away her young years In January 1948, soon after Christmas and New Years, Loretta is sitting in the family room on a Saturday night depressed and lovesick. Her father tries to lighten things up with the Grand Ole Opry on their radio with Bill Monroe's "Blue Moon of Kentucky" playing. Doolittle enters the house and immediately the family leaves the room so Loretta and Doolittle can be alone. Doolittle proposes to her and asks permission from her parents, but both of them won't answer and tell him to ask the other parent. Doolittle explains to them while they're in bed that night he wants to marry their daughter, despite her age, and that he'll do whatever it takes and break his back to make her happy. Ted tells him to never hit her or take her far away from home and Doolittle promises. The next day, in an almost empty church, Loretta and Doolittle exchange vows with her father attending very briefly and giving her away. There are no wedding rings exchanged. Loretta and Doolittle spend their honeymoon at a roadside motel somewhere near town. She's supposedly cold and standing near the radiator in her room, but in actuality is scared half to death of the approaching intimacy and sex she knows nothing about. Doolittle forces himself on her, tears off her nightgown, and she cries and pleads with him to stop. The next morning, Doolittle brings her breakfast in bed (probably her first time eating restaurant food) and even though the food is cold, she refuses to go into the restaurant and embarrassed that people will know what they've done. Doolittle slaps her in the face for her outburst, already having broken one promise, he angrily apologizes, then she throws the food on him. Sometime later, Doolittle pulls his jeep up into the company home in town they live in. Loretta tries to be the nice devoted wife and ask about getting a radio, but Doolittle gives her a book called "Sex For Newlyweds" to read. She's offended by the pictures in it, but also a functional illiterate and can't read many of the words. Doolittle is frustrated by her bad cooking, lack of housekeeping, and reluctance to want sex and intimacy with him. He throws her out of the house. Loretta goes back to her parents cabin in Butcher Holler on a rainy/snowy day and her family is all happy to have her back. Her dad notices her weight gain and her mother is worried she's already pregnant. Loretta goes to Doc Turner's office in Paintsville and it turns out she is pregnant. Doolittle just happens to be in town and flirting with a local girl, but Loretta calls her a sow chases her away. Doolittle announces he's leaving Kentucky telling her how the coal mines will kill him young if he doesn't get out soon and that she can come up and join him as soon as he gets the money. This is the second promise broken. Loretta announces she's going to have a baby. Around April of 1948, Loretta and her father bid their farewells at the Van Lear train station with Ted declaring he'll see her again, but "never see his little girl again". It's about January 1959 (should be about 1956, due to the age of the kids) The Lynn family is living in a run-down, but comfortable home in rural Washington with her children Betty Sue, Jack Benny, Ernest Ray, and Cissy, all of them between 4 and 8 years old. Loretta is now a mature woman keeping house and competent cook, making up jars of apple butter and managing her kids. Doolittle is working as a logger. The family all sits down to dinner and they discuss their day. Their neighbor tells them Loretta's mother wishes them happy anniversary (supposedly their 11th one) and wants them to get a telephone, but Doolittle refuses and says he "don't like telephones". Loretta sings "The Great Titanic" to her kids to sleep. She asks Doolittle for a wedding rings as an anniversary gift, but Doolittle says "bullshit", then her son Jack Benny says the same word Doolittle drives to the local pawn shop that morning looking at rings, but ends up getting Loretta a guitar. Loretta is offended that he would buy her something she does not know how to play. But she learns how and sings to her kids while on the porch or doing household chores After a few days of learning the guitar, she and Doolittle drive out to Grange Hall in Custer. She feels he is up to something and it turns out Doolittle wants her to audition to sing on stage the next Saturday. Loretta is scared half to death of doing such a thing, but Doolittle won't take no for an answer. The next Saturday, Loretta sings Patsy Cline's "There He Goes" and ends up loving what she did on stage and does another one. The Lynn family drives to a recording studio in Bellingham and Loretta records a song she's written called "Honky Tonk Girl". After a few flubs, she has now cut her first record. Doolittle takes a picture of Loretta in their home using a bedspread as a backdrop and an aluminum pot top as a flash. Then Doolittle stays up all night typing letters and sending copies of her records to recording studios. The next morning, on February 22, 1959, Loretta is cooking breakfast for her kids. She hears her name being called outside and thinks her father is approaching, but in actuality, it's her neighbor informing them of a family emergency. Her father has just died. The family drives all the way back to Kentucky for the wake at the family home. Doolittle and several other men are outside the cabin drinking moonshine and standing around a burning barrel. At her father's burial, Loretta declares to Doolittle she wants to be a singer. They begin their months long tour all over the south visiting the disk jockeys of the places Doolittle sent records to. The first station they visit is from a dj claiming he played her record and liked it, but she found it in the pile and reprimanded him for lying. After months on the road of sleeping in their car and subsisting on bologna sandwiches, crackers, and Cokes, they meet with record promoter, Hugh Cherry. Loretta says the word "horny" on the radio and did not know that was considered dirty and the manager declares he will never play another record of hers. However, Hugh finds out just now she is #14 on the country charts and it will be played. Loretta and Doolittle travel all night, pull over to the side of the road, and make out. The next morning, she wakes up with their car parked in front of the Grand Ole Opry and excited. Sometime in 1960, Loretta plays on The Grand Ole Opry for the first time. She is introduced by country singer Ernest Tubb (as himself). Country legends Roy Acuff and Minnie Pearl are also on stage greeting her. She feels out of place and that she has not done enough to earn the spot, but does perform. Her husband Doolittle hangs out at a bar with a patron teasing him that he doesn't do or need to do anything and she'll be bringing home all the money now. Doolittle punches him. Loretta leaves that night About September of 1961, Loretta is at the Ernest Tubb music shop singing Patsy Cline's "I Fall to Pieces" as a tribute to her. By this time, Loretta has spent the last year making repeated appearances on the Grand Ole Opry. She receives word from Patsy's husband, Charlie Dick, that Patsy wants to meet her. Patsy has been in the hospital recovering from a near fatal car accident. Loretta at first is intimidated by Patsy's outspoken and brassy personality, but the two become friends almost immediately. For the next several months or so, Loretta and Patsy make tours together on the Grand Ole Opry, at county fairs, and the like. Doolittle is becoming increasingly annoyed with Loretta's more independent nature, fast success, and influence from Patsy, especially trying on makeup for the first time. Loretta catches Doolittle drunk and making out with another woman in a car when their tour bus is about to leave. One day, Loretta and Patsy are out shopping in downtown Nashville, with Doolittle and Charlie dozing in the car while waiting. Doolittle has had enough and demands Loretta remove her makeup and she sasses him again. Doolittle slaps her for it and she breaks his fingers with her purse and they drive away. That night, Loretta is at their home suffering a migraine headache. Doolittle comes home and tells her he needs to get back out and work and do something he's good at, but Loretta assures him that it's because of him that she got where she's at. And he also declares to her there is a price to pay when you get there. Doolittle surprises Loretta with a wedding band she has for the first time after 14 years of marriage. Doolittle gets a job as an auto mechanic. In early March of 1963, Loretta announces to Patsy she's pregnant again and doesn't want to have the child (this was another timeline error, as the twin girls, Peggy and Patsy, were born August 6, 1964, almost a year and a half after Patsy's death). Patsy shows Loretta a box of maternity dresses and Loretta soon leaves. Patsy promises to call her first thing Monday morning after returning home from a benefit concert in Kansas City. On the morning of March 5, 1963, Loretta Lynn and Doolittle are in bed listening to Patsy Cline's "Sweet Dreams" and the disk jockey announces Patsy was killed in a plane crash earlier. Loretta breaks down with Doolittle comforting her and she feels she has nobody to talk to now. Loretta has her twin girls, Peggy and Patsy, but doesn't know which one is which. Over the next 5 years, Loretta is making endless concert tours throughout the country staying in her bus and nights in hotels. Also during this time, she and Doolittle have bought a ranch in Tennessee called Hurricane Mills with Doolittle as caretaker of ranch and raising the twin girls. At her last concert tour, a fan tries to rip her hair out. She is traveling on the bus that night exhausted, unable to sleep, and suffering a migraine. Loretta comes home sometime in 1969 for some rest and relaxation after months on the road. Doolittle points to a car their son Jack Benny wrecked (an error, it was a 1971 or 1972 Ford) She asks Doolittle to start accompanying her to her concerts to be her guardian and caretaker. He reluctantly agrees. Just as they are going to sleep, a phone call is made to their house from a lonely fan wanting to talk to Loretta and Doolittle says she is not home yet, but to quit crying and that he'll give Loretta the message. Loretta and Doolittle are touring together once again, but she's on the edge of burnout, due to her unable to memorize the words of Shel Silverstein's "One's on the Way". At another appearance, Loretta has woke up with her tour bus parked. She has not yet learned the words of the song. She pleads with Doolittle that she can't do the concert, but he feels she should just go out and perform. She comes onstage, but instead of singing, opens up her personal life on stage about how her concert appearances, fame, and all have been overwhelming and exhausting for her, but that she appreciates her fans caring about her. She collapses and has a nervous breakdown and Doolittle carries her out. Months pass by and Loretta spends her life resting away at the ranch. Doolittle takes Loretta out not too far from the ranch one morning and shows her a little house he wants to build. They have an argument about where the window should go and Loretta doesn't like the way he kept the house a secret from her. But they make up After about a year of recovery, and in 1970, Loretta is back on stage once again and sings her signature hit "Coal Miner's Daughter". Coal Miner's Daughter opens with Loretta Webb (Sissy Spacek) riding a mule to the coal mine to meet her Daddy when he completes his shift. As the opening credits continue, the film shows some coal miners deep in a Kentucky coal mine where one yells "fire in the hole," which is followed by an explosion. Then the film switches to Doolittle Lynn (Tommy Lee Jones), who is dressed in his Army uniform, driving a jeep with a blonde girl sitting next to him. Doolittle talks to several of the miners in front of the company store bragging about his beat-up jeep. He cons them into betting he can't climb a heap of red dog (a hill of mining trash) in his jeep. Ted Webb (Levon Helm), Loretty, as he calls her, and Herman, a younger brother, enter the company store where Ted asks the storekeeper if his Sears Roebuck order has arrived. While the storekeeper fetches Ted's order, Doolittle coaxes his jeep up the trash heap and wins the bet. When the Webbs return home to their rundown cabin in Butcher Holler, we meet Loretta's mother, Clary (Phyllis Boyens), and the rest of the Webb brood: eight children who range in age from infancy to age thirteen. Meanwhile Doolittle hikes up the mountain to see his moonshine making friend, Lee Dollarhide (William Sanderson). Doo, as Lee calls him, had worked for Lee selling moonshine to the miners before he went into the Army. Lee admits to the rumors that he steals from the moonshiners over at Greasy Creek when his own supply runs low. He offers to go fifty-fifty if Doo will help him with his moonshine business. Lee reminds his friend that men born in the mountains of eastern Kentucky have three choices: "coal mine, moonshine or movin' on down the line." Back at the Webb cabin, Daddy Webb presents the children with the shoes he had ordered from Sears Roebuck (in the summer they went barefooted, but in the winter they get shoes). On this occasion Loretta receives a dress in addition to shoes; she gets something extra, Ted explains, because she's gettin to be a woman. The first time in the film that Loretta sings she takes her youngest sibling out onto the porch and sings the traditional mountain song, "In the Pines," a cappella. While she's out there, Lee starts another run on Greasy Creek and is shot by one of his moonshine competitors. Soon Doo and his Pa lead Lee's mule with his body draped over it past the Webb home. Doo's Pa is glad his son wasn't working for Lee or he would likely be draped over the mule beside his friend. The scene changes to a community gathering where several of the youngsters are playing musical chairs while a string band plays. After the game there is a pie auction, for which Doo volunteers to be the auctioneer. When it comes time to auction Loretta's chocolate pie, Doo and another young man compete to be the highest bidder. Doo finally wins for $5. While the crowd square dances, Doo tries a bite of Loretta's pie and immediately spits it out. She had put salt instead of sugar in her pie by mistake. Later, he offers her a ride in his jeep, but she won't accept. So, he walks her home. During the walk Doo talks about how much he learned about the outside world while he was in the Army. It made him realize he doesn't want to be a coal miner. When they get to her cabin, he kisses her good night (it was her first kiss). As he's leaving he promises to bring his jeep up to her cabin and take her for a ride, but she doesn't think he can get it up the holler. The next morning, true to his word, Doo drives his jeep up the holler to take Loretta for a ride - a wild ride. When Doo almost plunges the jeep off an embankment, he kisses Loretta. She is breathless partly from the kiss, but also from the wild ride. Doo tells her, "That's the way youre supposed to feel when youre in love." When she returns home after dark, her Daddy whips her like she was a little girl and tells her to stay away from Doo. Later, when Loretta and her father go to a shallow mine for coal for the family to burn, he talks to her about her relationship with Doo; she's not even fourteen and he's a wild grown-up. He begs his "shinin' pride" not to throw her young years away, but she loves Doo and they want to get married. Back at the cabin while the family is listening to the Grand Ole Opry on their battery-powered radio, Ted encourages his wife, Clary, to do her squaw dance. Ted sings along with Bill Monroe's "Blue Moon of Kentucky" while Clary dances. While everybody is watching and listening, Doo knocks on the door, but they don't hear him, so he comes in anyway. Once they realize he's in the cabin, Clary stops dancing and goes into another room and Ted turns off the radio and leaves the cabin. Once Loretta and Doo are alone, he shows her the money he had saved from his Army paychecks. He reminds her that the next day is their anniversary (he doesn't say anniversary of what), so he thinks it would be good time to get married. Loretta likes the idea, but tells him to ask her Daddy, who tells him to ask Clary, who tells him to ask Ted - back and forth. Finally, Doo waits until they are in bed and goes into their bedroom to ask them both at the same time. Ted asks him to promise two things: don't hit her and don't take her far away from home. Doo promises. The next day at their wedding there are two ladies sitting in the pews of the rustic church. Ted finally walks in the back door, stands there long enough to answer "I do" when the preacher asks who gives this woman to be married to this man, and then leaves. They don't have wedding rings to exchange. At the motel on their wedding night, it is freezing. Loretta puts her night gown on over her other clothes, partly because she's so cold but also because she's afraid of sex. Doo forces himself on her, which frightens and disgusts her. The next morning she won't go into the adjoining restaurant because she's sure people will stare and know what they've been doing. Doo tells her she better get used to it. When she says, "I ain't gonna get used to you gettin' on me and sweatin' like an ol' pig," Doo breaks one of the promises he had made her Daddy; he slaps her. Doo goes to work at the coal mine while Loretta tries to learn how to be a house wife. Doo loses his patience with her lousy cooking, her lack of house cleaning and her innocence about how to love her man, so he gives her a book, "Sex for Newlyweds." In the following scene, Loretta trudges up the holler towards her folks' cabin; Doo has thrown her out. When her Daddy says, "I believe married life's makin' you fat, girl," her mother immediately realizes her daughter is pregnant. Loretta goes to the doctor and sure enough, before her fourteenth birthday, she is pregnant. When she leaves the doctor's office, she sees a girl flirting with Doo so she picks up a stick and runs her off. Doo tells Loretta he's leaving Kentucky. He's going to Washington (state) to find a job; he refuses to be buried alive in the coal mine. He plans to send for her as soon as he saves enough money. She reminds him of his promise not to take her far away from home. Well, he says, she'll just have to choose which is more important: being her Daddy's daughter or his wife. He gives her a ride home and on the way she tells him she's going to have a baby. He laughs and says, "You know, you might have found something that you know how to do." Months later Loretta receives a letter from Doo with enough money for the trip to Washington. The film skips ahead to Loretta's life in Washington. She's now the seventeen-year-old mother of four. Doo, who is now known as "Mooney" because of his moonshine days back in Kentucky, works as a logger. One night Loretta sings the children to sleep with a song about the sinking of the Titanic. Mooney listens intently. Afterwards, he asks what she'd like for her anniversary present. She reminds him she still doesnt have a wedding ring. Mooney goes to the local pawn shop to look for an anniversary present. He comes home late that evening drunk with a guitar for her gift. Even though she can't play it, he bought her a guitar because he likes the way she sings. While she sits on the front porch washing clothes in a decrepit washing machine, she picks out the chords and sings "Have I Told You Lately That I Love You?" As she improves, she makes her kids sit and listen and also sings while Mooney washes the supper dishes. Mooney suggests they get a babysitter and go honky-tonkin'. On Saturday night they go to the local Grange Hall. Mooney seems to have something on his mind and Loretta thinks he must be going to finally give her a ring. Instead, Mooney talks to the bandleader about auditioning Loretta to sing with his band. When she realizes what her husband is doing, she runs to the bathroom. He follows and finally talks her into the audition. The next week Loretta is introduced as the new girl singer of the Westerneers. At first, she sings "There He Goes," a song popularized by Patsy Cline, very timidly, but quickly loses her inhibitions and performs the song so well that the audience applauds lustily. While she is gardening one day, she makes up her first original song, "I'm a Honky Tonk Girl." Mooney wants Loretta to cut a record, so they go to a small local recording studio. After she flubs a take, Mooney places the kids in the studio so she can sing to them like she does at home. After a few bars, the recording engineer stops the session to get more and better pickers because "that little lady sings her hind end off." Back home, Mooney takes a publicity photo with their bedspread as the backdrop. After work, he stays up all night addressing envelopes with Loretta's photo and her record to country DJs. Mooney and Loretta don't have a telephone, so a neighbor comes to tell Loretta she has a long distance emergency phone call - her Daddy has died. Back in Kentucky for the funeral, friends and family sing "Amazing Grace" at the wake. It took Loretta quite a while to recover from her Daddy's death. Mooney finally convinces her if she wants to be a singer they have to see DJs in person to make certain they play her record. Grandma keeps the kids while they travel from station to station in eastern Kentucky. One of them claims to have received her record, played it and it flopped, but they find the envelope they sent unopened. She rants so vociferously, the DJ relents and plays it. On an interview segment a DJ tells her she has to pay her dues before she can sing on the Opry. Despite all the obstacles, "I'm a Honky Tonk Girl" becomes a hit. After an all-night drive, Loretta wakes to find they're parked in front of the Ryman Auditorium, the home of the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville. She's in awe. On her first appearance on the Opry, Ernest Tubb (himself) opens the show by singing "Walkin' the Floor Over You." Loretta is scared; she doesn't think she belongs on such a prestigious stage; she hasn't suffered enough to be this far this fast. (The film shows a glimpse of two country music legends, Minnie Pearl and Roy Acuff, in the wings of the theater.) Tubb introduces Loretta who sings "I'm a Honky Tonk Girl." After her performance, Tubb invites her to return the following week. After Loretta appeared on the Opry seventeen straight weeks, she sings "I Fall to Pieces" at Ernest Tubb's Record Shop in downtown Nashville. During an instrumental break, she dedicates the song to Patsy Cline, who made it a hit. She tells the listening audience that Patsy is in the hospital recovering from a car wreck. Afterward, Charlie Dick (Bob Hannah), Patsy's husband, meets them outside and tells Loretta that Patsy (Beverly DAngelo) would like to meet her. Loretta accompanies Charlie to the hospital and she and Patsy become bosom buddies. When Patsy returns to the Opry, she sings "Sweet Dreams" while Loretta watches from the wings. Later on Patsy's tour bus on the way to an appearance at a fair, Patsy sings a little of Kitty Wells' hit "It Wasn't God Who Made Honky Tonk Angels." In the pouring rain, Patsy and Loretta sing a duet of "Back in Baby's Arms" while each holds an umbrella. After the show Loretta catches Mooney in the back seat of a car with a carnival floozie. She drags him out and threatens that she better never catch him with trash like that again. Later, on the bus she writes the song "You Ain't Woman Enough (To Take My Man)" about that incident. After a shopping trip with Patsy, Mooney and Loretta fight over her use of makeup (he doesn't like it and never has). Loretta hits his hand with her purse and then drives away with Charlie and Patsy. When Mooney comes home late, his hand is all bandaged. He's decided to get a job (he feels like a kept man and that was a serious male ego problem in the country community if not in the nation at large). She offers to quit if her being the bread winner is going to cause them to split. During their conversation, he finally gives her a wedding ring. Mooney gets a job as a mechanic in a garage where we hear Loretta sing "You Ain't Woman Enough" over the radio. Loretta visits Patsy and tells her she's pregnant again, but she doesn't want this baby. Patsy cheers her up by promising to give her the biggest baby shower in Nashville. Then Patsy gives her a box of her old maternity clothes. Patsy is leaving for a benefit performance in Kansas City, but she promises to call when she returns on Monday and they'll go shopping. Loretta wakes on Monday morning to the sounds of Patsy's voice singing "Sweet Dreams" on the radio. The announcer speaks over her singing and says, "You're listening to a tribute to the late Patsy Cline, tragically killed early this morning in a plane crash near Dyersburg, Tennessee." In the next scene, Loretta has given birth to twin girls that she names Peggy and Patsy (of course, Patsy is named after Patsy Cline). Back on stage at the Opry, Loretta sings "You're Lookin' at Country." As the song continues, she tours, writes songs on her tour bus, and signs autographs. The Opry announcer introduces her as having twenty-one No. 1 records. While she sings "Sweet Dreams," Mooney drives his jeep up to their mansion in Hurricane Hills, Tennessee and later bathes the twins. While she sings "You Ain't Woman Enough" we see her touring again and spending lonely nights in hotel rooms. When the Opry announcer introduces her as the first lady of country music, she sings "Your Squaw Is on the Warpath," while Mooney and the twins watch on TV. Her relentless schedule finally catches up with her. She's having throbbing headaches and medicine doesn't help. She wants Mooney on the road with her to take care of her. Out on the road again, Loretta sings "Lovin' Country Style." Later, she can't remember the lyrics to a new song, "One's on the Way," so one of her band members feeds the lyrics to her, but they soon give up and switch to the more familiar "You Ain't Woman Enough." At her next concert, she doesn't want to go on, but Doo convinces her not to let her fans down. When she goes on stage, she doesn't come in after the band plays the introduction for her first song. Instead, she talks to the audience - her friends and fans and tells them that Patsy told her, "you got to run your own life," but she feels like her life is running her. As she walks off the stage she collapses into her husband's arms (she suffered a nervous breakdown brought on by physical exhaustion and marital stress - her marriage miraculously survived). After her recuperation back at their ranch, she returns to the Opry and sings "Coal Miner's Daughter," which is her very autobiographical song. That song segues into the closing credits which recaps scenes from the film. Further into the closing credits, we hear excerpts from "One's on the Way," "I'm a Honky Tonk Girl," "You Ain't Woman Enough," "You're Lookin' at Country," "Fist City," "Your Squaw Is On the Warpath," and "Don't Come Home A-Drinkin' (With Lovin' on Your Mind)."
tt0131624
Sci-Fi
Reporter Tom Lewis (Tom Harper) interviews a Georgian university professor, Professor Bauer (Ed Lynch), who saw a UFO last night. He saw a thunder of light and a fast-moving object. Mrs Acree (Ida Acree) also watched a huge light in the sky, but it couldn't be a helicopter because of the lack of noise. A couple of farmers (Luann McMann & George Lafia) also felt that the UFO was the one responsible for having taken them. The aliens didn't use words in English, they just felt the feelings of traquility and trust within themselves. A couple of ranchers (Johnny Baker & Sam Durrance) saw a cigar-shaped which desintegrated, but only the remains of a human airplane are visible at that moment. The ranchers insists to the interviewer that they know what they saw. A love song and title credits. On the afternoon of 26th March 1974, a university communications specialist, Alan Grimes (Nick Plakias) heard a military call. Somebody is checking strange phenomena, and that person thinks it's about UFO's. Gen. David Gallagher (Brooks Clift) is the leader of the Army. A small boy called Alan (Billy Crane) tells his mother (Martha Corrigan) that he's scared of a light which hurts and which got him naked. The mother dismismisses it saying that it was his waking star, and that nothing is the matter. Outside, the storm is about to break lose. Grimes wants to get in touch with Vivian (Cynthia Cline). She thinks that aliens are surrounding us, and that she can communicate with "it". Grimes makes an appointment with her for the following day. Grimes also talks to Dr Whitham (Phil Erickson), and the receptionist (Kathleen Long) tells him that he's in the planetarium. Whitham thinks that so-called UFOs are visual illusions. He shows Grimes around his office and they talk about the speed of light limit. Whitham thinks it's all a myth, and that the approaching comet will be confused as a UFO by some members of the public. Grimes and Vivian meet at a bar because she's feeling an oppresive feeling. She suffers a panic attack. The music in the bar fades away for a few moments. Grimes tells Dr. Mansfield (LaVerne Light) his suspicions, stating that he feels some kind of weird enerty, even within the room they are in. Grimes wants him, Vivian and Col. Gallagher to meet. He tells Grimes to code his messages, even in case of emergency. They talk about a lake in spiral, and she remembers some de-colourings in the electrical power poles. But Vivian has no sensations about the lake. Dr Mansfield lets Grimes use her computer. Vivian and Grimes talk to the woman (Martha Corrigan) who had a third-phase contact. Her declaration seems to be the same that some of Vivian's images. Vivian has a feeling of deja-vu when her and Grimes arrive to the lake. She feels a bit used, but takes his walkie-talkie anyway. He goes around in a boat in a lake. Vivian gets some sounds on the walkie -she's stayed near the tent- while Grimes is setting a light and camera system on the other side of the lake. Vivian runs away across the forest but leaves the walie behind. Grimes tries to talk to her with no avail. Grimes goes to the rescue and somebody answers him with Vivian's walkie. Mansfield and her assistant Dan Rivers (Tom Arcuragi) look for Vivian, and she thinks he should have not brought her there. Vivian keeps on hearing "stach, stach", and she tells them to go away, as though she were a different person. Vivian says they're using her. Mansfield takes her away. Back to the camp, Mansfield thinks that Vivian's got psychiatric problems. Mansfield thinks that the aliens may have fallen to Earth but they couldn't secure enough power to start their journey back to their planet. Mansfield herself won't believe that possibility until she sees them, but she needs to make some kind of explanation; she thinks that Grimes is too emotional. She looks at the comet. That night, Mansfield gets sick. The equipment points to a high concentration of energy underwater. Vivian cares for Mansfield when she starts to hyper-ventilate. The equipment detects great levels of energy and the TV set gets turned on. Grimes stares at the monitor feeling that somebody is with them. Rivers asks Vivian to tend to him. She doesn't want to leave Mansfield on her own and thinks that it was Grimes who produced the phenomena all the time. The aliens are shapeless pure energy, but humans are transmitting their fears to them, so humans should leave their fears aside. Mansfield wakes up and tells Grimes to cast his fears aside. The image on TV tells Grimes that they've been waiting thousands of years. The power of humans' mind and imagination is the power that the aliens need to activate their spaceship. Grimes will die or the planet will perish. Grimes is only the 4th person who ascended to the aliens' level. An elderly Grimes commits suicide in the lake, in spite of Rivers' attempt to stop him: Rivers can only rescue... a skeleton. The aliens say (I don't know to whom) that they are beyond the judgement of humans. More graphic design loops with orchestra's music. The loops become an alien spaceship which is going away from our planet. A quotation from Apocalypse. The eye of Grimes reflects an eclipse. ---written by KrystelClaire
tt0079437
Mystery,Romance,Thriller
The film opens in a Mexican cantina across the border from El Paso, where government agent Harry Hannan (Roy Scheider) is canoodling with his wife. Harry spots an informant that he was supposed to meet in a few days. Realizing he is about to be attacked, he shoves his wife to the ground and starts shooting at the informant's companions who return fire and flee the restaurant. Harry's wife dies in the attack, and he suffers a nervous breakdown. He spends 161 days in a Connecticut sanitarium before being released. On his way back to New York City, Harry stumbles and nearly falls into the path of an express train. He goes to the makeup counter at Macy's to retrieve his next assignment. The saleswoman gives him a lipstick shade called "Sunset Rose", but when he disassembles the applicator, the assignment slip inside is blank. He accosts his contact who assures him that the agency probably just does not have any work for him at the moment. When Harry returns to his apartment, he finds it is occupied by a doctoral student named Ellie Fabian (Janet Margolin). She explains that she had a perfectly legal sublet arranged while she is in the last semester of her studies at Princeton. Ellie claims that the housing office said the Hannans would be gone indefinitely. She gives Harry a note that was slipped under the door, but it contains only a few Hebrew characters that Harry cannot read. Paranoid that he is being targeted by his own agency, Harry visits his supervisor Eckart (Christopher Walken), who assures Harry that the agency has higher priorities. Eckart insists that Harry is not ready to return to the field, but that he is perfectly safe. After their conversation, Harry notices that he is being surveilled. He loses the tail and rushes to the American Museum of Natural History, where Ellie is carbon dating a skull. She is astonished that he found her, but he rattles off facts about her life, including that she is conducting a study of prostitution. He gleaned everything from his brief encounter with Ellie in his apartment. He gives her some money and urges her to stay in a hotel, because he fears she will be accidentally targeted by whomever is after him. Ellie stays in the apartment despite Harry's request. When Harry wakes from a nightmare, he tells Ellie about the death of his wife. He takes a prescription pill, but immediately spits out, realizing that it is cyanide. Harry takes the Hebrew note to a local rabbi who can only partially decode it. The rabbi informs the agency that Harry has visited him, and Eckhart orders Harry's murder. Ellie suggests that they take it to her friend at Princeton who specializes in Hebrew studies. On the train, Ellie tells Harry about her grandmother, and confesses that she inherited her wild streak. Harry notices an old man looking at him, and the camera reveals that another agent is also on the train. At Princeton, Ellie introduces Harry to Richard Peabody (John Glover), who is very possessive of Ellie. He decodes the note for Harry and explains that it means "Avenger of Blood." Peabody has accumulated several of the notes over the years, and they were all attached to very peculiar murders. Harry is the first one to have received the note and lived. The next day, Harry is lured to a trap by the other agent. He manages to kill the agent during a shootout in a bell tower. There, he encounters the old man from the train, Sam Urdeil (Sam Levene). Sam explains that he is part of a committee investigating the blood murders. Together, they investigate the various clues, and they piece together that Harry's grandfather owned a brothel on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. Meanwhile, in Niagara Falls, Ellie is seen putting on makeup at a vanity. She is dressed as a prostitute, and she lures a married man into a bathtub with her. As she has sex with him, she drowns him. As Harry and Sam put together all their information, they are lead back to Princeton. Harry realizes that Ellie is the one murdering men, on behalf of victims of white slavery like her grandmother. He drives her up to Niagara Falls, where they have an emotional confrontation. She tries to kill him but confesses that she loves him. He is conflicted, but he tells her that he will turn her in. Ellie runs from him, and the film ends with a prolonged chase through the hydroelectric power plant. It ends above the falls, where Harry grabs Ellie, but she struggles and ends up plunging to her death.
tt0070170
Drama
On his deathbed in 1547, King Henry VIII of England (Keith Michell) looks back over his eventful private life, which included six very different wives. From the early disappointments of his marriage to the loyal and devout Katherine of Aragon (Frances Cuka), Henry moved to his controversial union with the seductive and clever Lady Anne Boleyn (Charlotte Rampling), but turned against her in the most brutal fashion. After her death, he married the meek and mild Jane Seymour (Jane Asher), but their marriage did not last long and it was followed by a disastrous arranged match with an unattractive German princess (Jenny Bos.) Henry then re-married the beautiful and sweet-natured Lady Catherine Howard (Lynne Frederick) - a girl young enough to be his granddaughter. Eventually, he becomes convinced of her adultery and has her executed, only to find comfort in his old age in marriage to a respectable widow (Barbara Leigh-Hunt.)
tt0448621
Biography,Drama,Sport
The movie follows the story of a young man with autism, named Cho-Won, who finds release only in running. As a child, Cho-Won regularly threw tantrums, bit himself, and refused to communicate with others -- finding solace only in zebras and the Korean snack, Chocopie. His mother never gave up on him and was determined to prove to the world that her child can be normal. As Cho-Won gets older, he begins to find a passion for running and his mother is there to encourage and support him. Even though both Mother and Cho-Won suffer from family and financial issues, they find a former marathon champion -- now a lethargic old man with alcohol problems. The old man, who is serving community service hours as a physical education teacher for a DUI, grudgingly accepts the offer to train Cho-Won in marathon running, but eventually becomes lazy with him. The teacher often takes Cho-Won's snack, and takes Cho-Won to a Steam House to relax. Even though the old marathoner slacks off most of the time, Cho-Won's determination for running is firm (he accidentally runs 100 laps around a soccer field when the teacher told him to without literally meaning it). He takes third place in a 10km running race, which causes his mother to set another goal for her son: to run a full marathon under three hours. This is not an easy task, however, as Cho-Won wants to win but doesnt know how to pace himself. Therefore, his mother finds a former marathon runner, who must perform 200 hours of community service for a DUI, as Cho-Wons coach. The movie shows the emotional struggles of a Mother who is not sure if she is forcing her son to run or if it truly is his passion. The movie further explores and shows the deep love and genuine purity through Cho-Won.
tt0069919
Crime,Comedy
Joe (Joseph Bolonga), a high-strung, hard-working New York City policeman, finally becomes so frustrated with his demanding and unrewarding job that he robs a liquor store. Afterward, amazed at how simple and satisfying the robbery felt, he confesses to his best friend, police detective Tom (Cliff Gorman). Tom later hosts a party in his suburban backyard, during which a friend who has quit the police force extols the virtues of corporate life and despairs the corruption of the police, prompting Joe to snap defensively that cops like Tom and him are principled, although they could get away with almost anything they desired. Soon after, Joe arrests a woman who stabbed her boyfriend. Upon discovering that she was acting out of fury after catching the man raping her daughter, and knowing the woman will face jail time, Joe is further demoralized. Meanwhile, Tom faces the same disheartenment as he investigates the robbery of a dismissive woman so wealthy that she will barely notice the loss of the stolen goods. One night, Tom suggests that the two abandon their principles and steal something big, worth a million dollars apiece. Over the next few weeks the two discuss possible scenarios, and Tom, the smarter of the pair, concocts a scheme to approach Mafia fence Patsy ONeill (John P. Ryan). Disguised, he visits Patsy in the mobsters home bowling alley and offers to steal anything Patsy wants for $2 million. Patsy, who trusts Tom simply because he is so brash and his idea so straightforward, asks for securities, or treasurers bonds. If Tom can steal $10 million worth, Patsy will pay twenty percent. The mobster offers a phone number and code to get in touch with him, then has Tom ushered out and instructs his men to track and identify him. Although two thugs follow Tom into the subway, Joe, in uniform, blocks off the escalator and Tom escapes. Over the following weeks, Tom researches bonds at the American Stock Exchange, then targets a particular Wall Street securities firm to rob. At the same time, Joe is involved in a street shootout in which his partner, Paul Jones, is shot in the leg. Fearful for his own life, Joe tells Tom he wants only to have enough money to move to Saskatchewan, Canada and buy a farm. Another night, Joe is again shot at and grows more frustrated when he has to protect his new, inexperienced partner. Tom studies the Wall Street firms security system, then announces to Joe that they will carry out the robbery during the upcoming parade welcoming home the astronauts of a recent space trip, at which there will be 150,000 people and hundreds of policemen. On the day of the parade, Tom and Joe, in uniform and wearing fake mustaches, stride into the building and inform the security guard that they must investigate a complaint about items being thrown out the window onto the heads of the parade-goers. Unable to get through the secure doors without an escort, they await senior partner Eastpoole, who reluctantly agrees to bring them in. Having thoroughly investigated the security cameras, Tom has deduced which corridor is out of camera range, and once there, they inform Eastpoole that he is being robbed. The executive coolly instructs his secretary, Ms. Wells, to take Tom to the vault. While a tense Joe watches Tom and Ms. Wellss progress on a monitor in Eastpooles office, the secretary fills Toms satchel with securities. Just then, however, two policemen enter and inform the security guard that a messenger has been shot in the building, necessitating a search of everyone inside. Joe aims a gun at Eastpoole and instructs him to allow the search everywhere but his own office. As Tom travels the hallways, he is forced to hide each time a policeman appears, and as a result his return to Eastpooles office is so slow that Joe, panicked, is about to shoot the executive. Tom finally appears, however, and after handcuffing Ms. Wells and Eastpoole together, quickly resolves to shred the bonds in order to avoid being searched and arrested by the police. Although Joe is at first horrified, Tom explains that they are stealing headlines, not bonds, needing only for ONeill to believe they stole the bonds. Happily, Joe joins Tom in throwing the shreds out the window, where it mingles with the parades confetti. Soon after, Tom hears on the radio that Eastpoole declared they stole $12 million, and realizes that the executive took the other $2 million for himself. Meanwhile, Patsy hears about the robbery and approaches his superior, Mr. Joe, for a loan, explaining that he plans to kill Tom and Joe. Tom is initially afraid to call Patsy, but Joe counsels him that they must go forward, despite the risks. They arrange for the money to be dropped off in Central Park, and upon meeting Patsy's thugs there, count at least ten men. Tom insists on checking out the baskets of money brought by the thugs, and although the first contains false bundles of cash, the second contains the full amount. Returning to the police car manned by Joe, Tom and Joe consult nervously, while outside the park Patsy continues to try, and fail, to confirm Toms and Joes true identities. Meanwhile, the police arrive and block off the park exits. Tom calls the lead thug Marty (Joe Spinell) with the basket of money into the car to make the switch, and as soon as the man sits, Joe drives off. Followed by the thugs, Joe careens through the park, slowed by the roadblocks and a group of irate bicyclists hired by Patsy. At one point, the thug jumps out and Tom and Joe seem trapped, until Joe drives through a barrier into a police parking lot, effectively stymieing everyone in pursuit. By the time the police realize what has happened, Joe and Tom have hopped onto a cross-town bus, where they ride for free after flashing their badges. Later, while Patsy is killed by Mr. Joe, Tom and Joe, having decided to lay low for one year, spend the rest of the summer floating in the pool, dreaming of the day they can break free.
tt0453729
Drama,Sport
Iqbal (Shreyas Talpade) is a deaf and mute boy, who dreams of playing cricket for India. However, he is discouraged by his father who thinks that Iqbal's daydreams are a waste of time. Instead, he wants Iqbal to help him tend to the crops and become a farmer like him, which would be a stable profession. Iqbal's sister, Khadija (Shweta Prasad), however, helps him try out for a nearby academy run by Guruji (Girish Karnad), an influential former India captain, who accepts him for his talent. However, when Iqbal competes with a rich boy, Kamal, who is also the star of the academy, he is thrown out by Guruji out of fear of Kamal's father, who bankrolls the academy. Iqbal seeks help from the local drunkard, Mohit (Naseeruddin Shah), who was once a great cricketer and persuades him to be his coach. They are able to train in a nearby field, using Iqbal's buffaloes (named after actual members of the Indian cricket team) as fielders. Mohit trains Iqbal and gets him a place on the Andhra Pradesh Ranji Trophy team, despite Iqbal not having any previous cricketing experience. Iqbal plays marvelously for the team, which was a weak team before he joined, and is soon noticed by the press and cricket selectors alike. However, when the final match of the season pits Iqbal against his rival, Kamal, Guruji tries to bribe Iqbal to bowl badly so that the national team scouts at the game would select Kamal for the national cricket team. Iqbal succumbs to his offer, out of concern for his father, who is facing financial difficulties and may lose his lands. Luckily, a sports agent is able to offer him a better deal, and Iqbal bowls with his usual fiery pace and wins the match for his team. Surprisingly he also impresses the onlooking national team selector Kapil Dev (in a special guest role), and wins a place in the Indian national cricket team. In the end Iqbal is shown donning the Indian Cricket Team's Blue Jersey and walking in the ground to make his international debut.
tt1303235
Comedy,Drama
Paranoid and unpredictable, J.T. (Eric Sweeney) lives a solitary life of used tires and decaying trailers. Despite his situation, J.T. wins the love of Sara (Audra Smith), an innocent young girl alone in the world after losing the last of her family. Together they naively plan for a new life at the beach, operating an old amusement park ride. J.T.'s landlord, Mr. Johnston (Sean Gullette), has other plans for him. He wants to keep J.T. tied to the dying trailer park and under his control, hoping to convince him to join his bizarre lifestyle. As pressure builds on J.T. to face his fear of change and of the outside world, Sara holds onto the hope that they can push forward together and live out their dream.
tt0099685
Biography,Crime,Drama
The film opens with three men driving in their car late at night on a highway. In the car are Henry Hill (Ray Liotta), Jimmy Conway (Robert DeNiro) and Tommy DeVito (Joe Pesci). Jimmy and Tommy are asleep when Henry hears a loud thumping noise. Trying to figure out the source of the sound, Henry suddenly realizes they need to stop and check the trunk. When they open it, we see a beaten man wrapped in several bloody tablecloths. An enraged Tommy stabs the man several times with a kitchen knife and Jimmy shoots him four times with a revolver. Henry slams the trunk lid shut and we hear a voiceover (Henry) say "As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster." We now go back several decades, to see the events that will lead up to this scene. In the 1950s, young Henry Hill idolizes the Lucchese crime family gangsters in his blue-collar, predominantly Italian neighborhood in East New York, Brooklyn, and in 1955 quits school and goes to work for them. The local mob capo, Paulie Cicero (Paul Sorvino) (based on the actual Lucchese mobster Paul Vario) and Paulie's close associate Jimmy Conway (De Niro) (based on Jimmy Burke) help cultivate Henry's criminal career. Henry is teamed up with the young Tommy and the two sell cartons of cigarettes, given to them by Jimmy, to employees of a local factory, a crossing guard and some cops. While selling them, two detectives show up and confiscate the money and the load, arresting Henry. Tommy slinks away to tell Tuddy, Paulie's brother. Henry goes to court and is given a slap on the wrist. Jimmy gives him a substantial reward for his silence (Jimmy calls it a "graduation gift") and tells him he did well despite "getting pinched": Henry revealed no names to the police and learned the two most important things in their line of work: "Never rat on your friends and always keep your mouth shut." The rest of the gang greets Henry with joyful acceptance. As adults, Henry and Tommy (Joe Pesci) conspire with Conway to steal much of the billions of dollars of cargo passing through John F. Kennedy International Airport. They help out in a key heist, stealing over half a million dollars from the Air France cargo terminal. The robbery helps Henry gain more of Paulie's trust, to whom Henry gives a sizable cut of the haul. However, because Henry is half-Irish, he knows he can never become a "made man", a full-fledged member of the crime family. Nor can Jimmy Conway, who is also Irish. Over the years, Henry's friends become increasingly daring and dangerous. Conway loves hijacking trucks, and Tommy has an explosive temper and a psychotic need to prove himself through violence. At one point, he humiliates an innocent and unarmed young waiter "Spider" (Michael Imperioli), asking Spider to dance  la The Oklahoma Kid, then shooting him in the foot. A few nights later, when Spider stands up to an extremely intoxicated Tommy, Tommy (egged on by Jimmy) suddenly draws his gun and shoots Spider in the chest, killing him instantly. Jimmy is angry with Tommy for shooting Spider but Tommy is completely indifferent, callously asking where he can find a shovel to bury the dead man. Henry also meets and falls in love with Karen (Lorraine Bracco), a no-nonsense young Jewish woman; they go to the Copacabana club two to three times a week (and the site of a famous continuous Steadicam shot). Karen feels uneasy with her boyfriend's career, but is also "turned on" by it, especially when Henry viciously pistol whips her neighbor for trying to force himself on her and Henry gives her the bloody pistol to hide. Henry and Karen eventually marry (which involves convincing Karen's parents that Henry is half-Jewish). In June 1970, Tommy (aided by Jimmy Conway) brutally murders Billy Batts (Frank Vincent), a made man in the competing Gambino crime family, over a simple insult Batts throws at Tommy. The murder is a major offense that could get them all killed by the Gambinos if discovered. After stopping at Tommy's mother's place for a late-night meal (and also to pick up a shovel), Henry, Conway and DeVito bury Batts' corpse in an abandoned field, bringing us back to the car trunk scene from the start of the movie. When they discover six months later that the land has been sold, they are forced to exhume, move, and rebury the badly decomposed body, a task that makes Henry physically sick and that Tommy and Jimmy consider another simple chore. Henry's marriage deteriorates when Karen finds he has a mistress, Janice Rossi (Gina Mastrogiacomo). Karen confronts a sleeping Henry with a gun as he wakes up. As soon as she lowers the gun, Henry subdues her and screams that he has enough on his mind having to worry about being "whacked on the street" without waking up with a gun in the face. Henry is visited at Janice's apartment by Jimmy and Paulie, who tell him that his philandering is bad for business. Paulie promises that he'll convince Karen that Henry is worth taking back and that Henry will return to his home in a few days. In the meantime, Henry will go with Jimmy to Florida to find a deadbeat who owes Paulie money. After beating and dangling the debt-ridden Florida gambler over a lion cage at the Lowry Park Zoo in Tampa, Henry and Jimmy are caught and sent to prison for four years because the guy's sister was a typist for the FBI. There, Henry deals drugs to the other prisoners to keep afloat and to support his family, and, when he returns to them, he has a lucrative drug connection in Pittsburgh. Paulie warns Henry against dealing drugs, since mob bosses can get hefty prison sentences if their men are running drugs behind their back. Henry ignores Paulie's order and involves Tommy and Jimmy (as well as Karen and his new mistress, Sandy (Debi Mazar) in an elaborate cocaine smuggling operation. About the same time, December 1978, Jimmy Conway and friends plan and successfully carry out a record $6,000,000 offscreen heist from the Lufthansa cargo terminal at JFK Airport. Soon after the heist, Jimmy grows increasingly paranoid when some of his associates foolishly flaunt their gains in plain sight, possibly drawing police attention, and begins having them murdered. Worse, after promising to welcome Tommy into the Lucchese family as a "made man," the elder members of the family coldly shoot him in the head in retaliation for Billy Batts' death and his reckless behavior. The murder upsets Henry and especially Jimmy, who are both expected to simply accept it and move on. In an extended, virtuoso sequence titled "Sunday, May 11th, 1980," all of the different paths of Henry's complicated Mafia career collide: he must coordinate a major cocaine shipment; bring a small cache of pistols to Jimmy (he refuses to take them off Henry's hands); cook a large meal for his family; placate his mistress Sandy, who processes the cocaine he sells; cope with his clueless babysitter/drug courier, Lois; avoid federal authorities who, unknown to him, have had him under surveillance for several months; and satisfy his sleazy drug connection customers, all the while a nervous wreck from lack of sleep and snorting too much of his own product. Lois demands that Henry take her home so she can get her lucky hat, which she won't fly without. Henry and Lois are arrested by the police as he backs out of his driveway. When Henry and Lois are booked, along with Sandy, the police bring in loads of coke-encrusted equipment from Sandy's apartment. Karen bails her husband out of jail, after destroying all of the cocaine that was hidden in the house and getting her mother to put their house up as collateral for bail money. Henry and his family are left penniless and the couple break down together when Karen admits she destroyed the $60,000 in coke Henry had been planning to ship when he was busted. After Henry's arrest, Paulie and the rest of the mob abandon him. Henry meets a final time with Paulie who chastises him for lying about his drug dealing. Paulie gives him a few thousand dollars and turns his back on him. Karen meets with Jimmy to tell him that Henry has sobered up and also that Henry hasn't been revealing any vital information about Jimmy or his other mob compatriots. Before Karen leaves, Jimmy tells her to take a look at some stolen dresses in one of his shopfronts. Karen becomes scared when she sees two shady-looking workers. Jimmy's message to Karen and Henry is clear: they can be ignominiously eliminated if they talk about their connections. Convinced that he and his family are marked for death, Henry decides to become an informant for the FBI. He and his family enter the federal Witness Protection Program, disappearing into anonymity to save their lives, but not before he testifies against Paulie and Jimmy in court. He is now an "average nobody" and tells us "I get to live the rest of my life like a schnook." The movie's quick final shot is of Tommy firing a pistol directly into the camera, a tribute to the final shot of The Great Train Robbery, hinting that Henry will never fully leave a life of crime. The film closes with a few title cards (over Sid Vicious's version of "My Way") showing what became of Hill, Paulie Cicero (Vario) and Jimmy Conway (Burke). Henry's marriage to Karen ended in separation with her getting custody of their children, and Paulie and Conway will spend practically the rest of their lives in prison. Paulie died in in prison in 1988. Conway's title card explains that he was eligible for parole in 2004, though he died of lung cancer in 1996 while still incarcerated.
tt1285016
Biography,Drama
In October 2003, Harvard University student Mark Zuckerberg (Jesse Eisenberg) has the idea to create a website to rate the attractiveness of female Harvard undergraduates after his girlfriend Erica Albright (Rooney Mara) breaks up with him. Over the course of a single night, Mark hacks into the databases of various residence halls, downloads pictures and names of female students and, using an algorithm for ranking chess players supplied by his best friend Eduardo Saverin (Andrew Garfield), he creates in a few hours a website called "FaceMash.com", where male students can interactively choose which of two girls presented at a time is more attractive. Mark is punished with six months of academic probation after the traffic to the site brings down parts of Harvard's computer network, and he becomes vilified among most of Harvard's female community. However, the popularity of "FaceMash" and the fact that he created it in one night, while drunk, brings him to the attention of Cameron Winklevoss and Tyler Winklevoss (Armie Hammer and Josh Pence), identical twins and members of Harvard's rowing team, and their business partner Divya Narendra (Max Minghella). As a result, he gains a job working for the Winklevoss twins as the programmer of their website, Harvard Connection. Soon afterwards, Mark approaches his friend Eduardo and tells him of his idea for what he calls "Thefacebook", an online social networking website exclusive to Harvard University students. He explains this would let people share personal and social information securely. Eduardo agrees to help Mark, providing a fee of $1,000 to help start the site. Once complete, they distribute the link to Eduardo's connections at the Phoenix S-K final club, and it quickly becomes popular throughout the student body. When they learn of Thefacebook, the Winklevoss twins and Narendar believe that Zuckerberg stole their idea while simultaneously stalling on their website. Cameron and Divya want to sue Mark for intellectual property theft, but Tyler convinces them they can settle the matter as "Harvard gentlemen" without resorting to the courts. A few months later, at a lecture by Bill Gates (Steve Sires), fellow Harvard University student Christy Lee (Brenda Song) introduces herself and her friend Alice (Melise) to Eduardo and Mark. She asks that the boys "Facebook us", which impresses both of them. The girls invite them to a bar, where they have sex in the toilet. Mark later runs into his ex-girlfriend, Erica, who is not aware of The Facebook's existence because she is not a Harvard University student. Stung by this, Mark decides to expand the site to more schools. Christy, Mark, and Eduardo later return to Mark's room where they outline the structure of the company and their plan for moving forward. By the spring of 2004, the Facebook grows in popularity, and it expands to other schools in the Northeastern United States, while the Winklevoss twins and Narendra become angrier at seeing "their idea" advance without them. Tyler refuses to sue them, instead accusing Mark of violating the Harvard student Code of Conduct. Through their father's connections they arrange a meeting with Harvard President Larry Summers (Douglas Urbanski), who is dismissive and sees no potential value in either a disciplinary action or in a lawsuit against Thefacebook website itself. Through Christy Lee, now Eduardo's girlfriend, Eduardo and Mark arrange a meeting with Napster co-founder Sean Parker (Justin Timberlake). When Christy, Mark and Eduardo meet Parker at a trendy Fusion restaurant in New York City, Eduardo becomes skeptical of the eccentric Parker, noting his problematic personal and professional history. Mark, however, is impressed with Parker since he presented a similar vision of Facebook. Although no deals are reached, Parker suggests that they drop "The" from Thefacebook to make it simply "Facebook". That summer, Mark moves the company's base of operation to Palo Alto, California at Parker's suggestion, while Eduardo remains in New York for seeking advertising support. When Eduardo visits from New York, he is angered to find that Parker is living at the house and making business decisions for Facebook. After an argument with Mark, the vindictive Eduardo freezes the company's bank account and returns to New York. Upon returning, Christy and Eduardo argue about his Facebook profile, which still lists him as "single". Christy accuses Eduardo of cheating on her and sets fire to a scarf he gave to her as a gift. While Eduardo extinguishes the fire, Mark angrily calls him on the phone about freezing the Facebook bank accounts, and reveals that they have secured money from "an angel investor" through Parker's contacts. As a result of Christy's jealousy, Eduardo ends his relationship with her. Meanwhile in England, while competing in the Henley Royal Regatta, the Winklevoss twins become outraged that Facebook has expanded to a number of universities there and they finally decide to sue Mark. Eduardo has also discovered the deal he signed with Parker's investors allows them to dilute his share of the company from a third to less than one tenth of one percent, while maintaining the ownership percentage of all other parties. He confronts his erstwhile friend Mark at his new Facebook office in downtown L.A. and announces his intention to sue him. Later that night, Parker, along with a number of Facebook interns, is arrested for possession of cocaine during a party thrown on the occasion of Facebook's 1 millionth member. It is strongly implied (but never fully explained) that Mark had anonymously tipped off the police to raid the frat house where the party was held and probably had someone plant drugs at the party to intentionally have Parker and his interns arrested to remove them from the Facebook company. In the final scene, a junior lawyer for the defense informs Mark they will be settling with Eduardo, since the sordid details of Facebook's founding and Mark's cynical personality will make a jury highly unsympathetic to him. The film ends with Mark sending a friend request to his former girlfriend Erica on Facebook, and refreshing the page every few seconds waiting for a response that never comes. Several final on-screen texts state that the Winklevoss twins agreed to a settlement of $65 million and signed a non-disclosure agreement. They later went on to row in the Beijing Olympics and arrive at sixth place. Eduardo received an unknown settlement and has his name placed back on the masthead as Facebook's Co-Founder. And that Facebook now has 500 million users in 207 countries and is valued at over $25 billion. Therefore making Mark Zuckerberg the youngest self-made billionaire in the world.
tt1210166
Biography,Drama,Sport
The Oakland Athletics baseball team won many games and succeeded in reaching the "Playoffs" games of the 2001 post-season. When they lose the elimination games against the Yankees, their general manager Billy Beane (Brad Pitt) is very disappointed. He knows that several good players will soon be leaving the team: i.e. star players Johnny Damon (Johnny Damon), Jason Giambi (Jason Giambi), and Jason Isringhausen. Beane negotiates for replacement players in the hope of assembling a competitive team for the following year, but the teams budget for payroll is limited. During a visit to the Cleveland Indians, Beane meets Peter Brand (Jonah Hill). Brand says that he is a Yale economics graduate. Beane sees that Brand has radical ideas about assessing players' value. Beane tests Brand's theory by asking whether Brand would have drafted him. Despite the fact that Beane was a Major League player before becoming general manager, and scouts considered Beane a phenomenal player, Brand says that he would not have drafted Beane until the ninth round. He adds that Beane would probably have gone to college instead. Sensing opportunity, Beane hires Brand as the Athletics' assistant general manager. The team's scouts are first dismissive of and then hostile towards Brand's non-traditional ideas for scouting players. Rather than relying on the scouts' experience and intuition, Brand selects players based almost exclusively on their on base percentage (OBP). By finding players with a high OBP but characteristics that lead scouts to dismiss them, Brand assembles a team of undervalued players with far more potential than the A's hamstrung finances would otherwise allow. Despite vehement objections from the scouts, Beane supports Brand's theory and hires the players he selected, such as unorthodox submarine pitcher Chad Bradford (Casey Bond). Following the free agent signings, Beane finds that he also faces opposition from Art Howe (Philip Seymour Hoffman), the Athletics' manager. With tensions already high between them because of a contract dispute, Howe disregards Beane and Brand's strategy and plays the team in a traditional style despite their unsuitability. Beane is eventually forced to trade away the lone traditional star player, Carlos Pea (Gerardo Celasco), to force Howe to use the new recruits. Early in the season, the Athletics fare poorly, leading critics within and outside the team to dismiss the new method as a dismal failure. Beane convinces the owner to stay the course, and eventually the team's record begins to improve. Ultimately, the Athletics win an unprecedented 20 consecutive games, setting the American League record. Their streak is capped with a victory over the Kansas City Royals. Like many baseball players, Beane is superstitious and avoids attending or sometimes even following games as they are in progress. His family convinces him to go to the A's game against the Royals, as Oakland is already leading 11 to 0 after the third inning and appears set to continue their winning streak. Beane arrives, only to watch the team go to pieces and allow the Royals to even the score. Finally, the A's do clinch the victory with a walk-off home run by one of Brand's picks, Scott Hatteberg (Chris Pratt). Despite all their success, the A's lose in the first round of the postseason, this time to the Minnesota Twins. Beane is disappointed, but satisfied at having demonstrated the value of his and Brand's methods. In closing, the film notes that Beane passed up the opportunity to become the general manager of the Boston Red Sox, despite an offer of $12.5 million a year salary, which would have made him the highest paid GM in baseball history. Also noted is Boston's World Series victory soon after in 2004, based on the theories that Beane pioneered.
tt0454921
Biography,Drama
In 1981, in San Francisco, the smart salesman and family man Chris Gardner (Will Smith) invests the family savings in Osteo National bone-density scanners, an apparatus twice as expensive as an x-ray machine but with a slightly clearer image. This white elephant financially breaks the family, bringing troubles to his relationship with his wife Linda (Thandie Newton), who leaves him and moves to New York where she has taken a job in a pizza parlor. Their son Christopher (Jaden Smith) stays with Chris because he and his wife both know that he will be able to take better care of him. Without any money or a wife, but committed to his son, Chris sees a chance to fight for a stockbroker internship position at Dean Witter, offering a more promising career at the end of a six-month unpaid training period. During that period, Chris goes through a lot of hardship personally and professionally. When he thinks he is "stable," he finds that he has lost $600 when the government takes the last bit of money in his bank account for taxes. He is rendered homeless because he can't pay his rent. He is forced at one point to stay in a bathroom at a train station, and must scramble from work every day to the Glide Memorial United Methodist Church, which offers shelter to the homeless. He must leave work early every day so that he is there by 5:00 in the evening along with his son so that he may be assured of a place to sleep. He is seen carrying his suitcase to work because he doesn't have a home. At work, there are nineteen other candidates for the one position. One day, he is called into an office and in it were the heads of Dean Witter. Chris thinks that he is about to be told the job will not be his as he says that he wore a shirt and tie for his final day. Then they tell him that he has been an excellent trainee and that tomorrow he will have to wear his shirt and tie again as it will be his first day as a broker. Chris struggles to hold back tears. Outside he begins to cry as the busy people of San Francisco walk past him. He rushes to his son's daycare, hugging him and knowing that after everything him and his son had been through things would be all right. The final scene shows Chris walking with his son down a street. His son is telling him a joke, when a wealthy business man in a suit walks past. Chris looks back as the man continues on. The man in the suit is none other than the real Chris Gardner.
tt0210945
Biography,Drama,Sport
In the autumn of 1981, a group of former football coaches and players attend a funeral. Ten years earlier in July 1971, at the desegregated T. C. Williams High School in Alexandria, Virginia, a black head coach, Herman Boone, is hired to coach the school's football team. Boone is assigned to the coaching team under current coach Bill Yoast, nominated for the Virginia High School Hall of Fame. In an attempt to placate rising racial tensions and the fact that all other high schools are "white" only, Boone is assigned the head coach job. He refuses, believing it is unfair to Yoast, but relents after seeing what it means to the black community. Yoast is then offered an assistant coach's job by the school board and initially refuses, but reconsiders after the white players pledge to boycott the team if he does not participate. Dismayed at the prospect of the students losing their chances at scholarships, Yoast changes his mind and takes up the position of defensive coordinator under Boone, to his daughter Sheryl's dismay. The black students have a meeting in the gymnasium in auditioning to play for the team until Boone arrives, but the meeting turns into a fiasco when Yoast and white students interrupt. On August 15, the players gather and journey to Gettysburg College, where their training camp takes place. As their days of training camp progress, black and white football team members frequently clash in racially motivated conflicts, including some between captains Gerry Bertier and Julius Campbell. But after forceful coaching and rigorous athletic training by Boone, which includes an early morning run to the Gettysburg cemetery, and a motivational speech, the team achieves racial harmony and success. After returning from football camp, Boone is told by a member of the school board that if he loses even a single game, he will be dismissed. Subsequently, the Titans go through the season undefeated while battling racial prejudice, before slowly gaining support from the community. Gerry even has his best friend Ray removed from the team because of his racism, following a game where he intentionally missed a block which consequently led to the near-season-ending injury of starting quarterback Jerry "Rev" Harris. Just before the state semi-finals, Yoast is told by the chairman of the school board that he will be inducted into the Hall of Fame after the Titans lose one game, implying he wants Boone to be dismissed over his race. During the game, it becomes apparent that the referees are biased against the Titans. Upon seeing the chairman and other board members in the audience looking on with satisfaction, Yoast realizes that they've rigged the game and warns the head official that he will go to the press and expose the scandal unless the game is officiated fairly. The Titans nonetheless win and advance to the state championship, but Yoast is told by the chairman that his actions have resulted in his loss of candidacy for Hall of Fame induction. While celebrating the victory, Bertier is severely injured in a car accident with a truck after driving through an intersection. Although Bertier is unable to play due to being paralyzed from the waist down, the team goes on to win the state championship. Bertier would remain a paraplegic for the rest of his life. Ten years later, Bertier dies in another automobile accident caused by a drunk driver, after winning the gold medal in shot put in the Paralympic Games; it is then revealed that it is his funeral the former football coaches and players are attending. In the epilogue, descriptions show the players' and coaches' activities after the events in 1971.
tt1232764
Comedy
A pretentious filmmaker follows a two-man band around Boston in hopes of exposing the dire state of today's popular music and "art."
tt1655420
Biography,Drama
Following his graduation from university, aspiring filmmaker Colin Clark (Eddie Redmayne) travels to London to get a job on Laurence Olivier's (Kenneth Branagh) next production. Hugh Perceval (Michael Kitchen) tells Colin there are no jobs available, but he decides to wait for Olivier, whom he once met at a party. Olivier and his wife, Vivien Leigh (Julia Ormond), eventually show up and Vivien encourages Olivier to give Colin a job on his upcoming film The Prince and the Showgirl, starring Marilyn Monroe (Michelle Williams). Colin's first task is to find a suitable place for Marilyn and her husband, Arthur Miller (Dougray Scott), to stay at while they are in England. The press find out about the house, but Colin reveals he secured a second house just in case, impressing Olivier and Marilyn's publicist, Arthur Jacobs (Toby Jones). The paparazzi find out about Marilyn's arrival at Heathrow and they gather around the plane when it lands. Marilyn brings her husband, her business partner, Milton H. Greene (Dominic Cooper), and her acting coach Paula Strasberg (Zo Wanamaker) with her. She initially appears to be uncomfortable around the many photographers, but relaxes at the press conference. Olivier becomes frustrated when Marilyn is late to the read-through. She insists Paula sits with her and when she has trouble with her lines, Paula reads them for her. The crew and the other actors, including Sybil Thorndike (Judi Dench), are in awe of Marilyn. Colin meets Lucy (Emma Watson), a wardrobe assistant whom he is attracted to, and they go on a date. Marilyn starts arriving later to the set and often forgets her lines, angering Olivier. However, Sybil praises Marilyn and defends her when Olivier tries to get her to apologise for holding the shoot up. Marilyn struggles to understand her character and leaves the set when Olivier insults her. Colin asks the director to be more sympathetic towards Marilyn, before he goes to Parkside House to check on her. He hears an argument and finds a tearful Marilyn sitting on the stairs with Arthur's notebook, which contains the plot of a new play that appears to poke fun at her. Arthur later returns to the United States. Vivien comes to the set and watches some of Marilyn's scenes. She breaks down, saying Marilyn lights up the screen and if only Olivier could see himself when he watches her. Olivier tries unsuccessfully to reassure his wife. Marilyn does not show up to the set following Arthur's departure and she asks Colin to come to Parkside and they talk. The crew becomes captivated by Marilyn when she dances for a scene and Milton pulls Colin aside to tell him Marilyn breaks hearts and that she will break his too. Lucy also notices Colin's growing infatuation with Marilyn and breaks up with him. Colin and Marilyn spend the day together and are given a tour of Windsor Castle by Owen Morshead (Derek Jacobi). Colin also shows Marilyn around Eton College, and they go skinny dipping in the River Thames. Marilyn kisses Colin and they are found by Roger Smith (Philip Jackson), Marilyn's bodyguard. Colin is called to Parkside one night as Marilyn has locked herself in her room. Colin enters her room and Marilyn invites him to lie next to her on the bed. The following night, Marilyn wakes up in pain and claims she is having a miscarriage. A doctor tends to her and Marilyn tells Colin that she wants to forget everything. She later returns to the set to complete the film. Olivier praises Marilyn, but reveals she has killed his desire to direct again. Lucy asks Colin if Marilyn broke his heart and he replies that she did, a little. Marilyn comes to Colin's B&B and thanks him for helping her. She kisses him goodbye and Roger drives her to the airport.
tt0264464
Biography,Crime,Drama
A pre-credits scene shows an episode of the popular game show 'To Tell the Truth' set in 1977 where three contestants appear claiming to the panelests to be the legengary Frank Abagnale Jr. (Leonardo DiCaprio) who impersonated an airline pilot, a lawyer, and doctor, as well as scammed people on three continents for millions of dollars... all before reaching the age of 19. The film begins in 1969, with FBI agent Carl Hanratty Jr. (Tom Hanks) arriving at a French prison to meet the flu-stricken Frank Abagnale Jr, who attempts to escape from the prison prior to his extraction to the USA for a series of crimes. The scene flashes back to six years earlier. 16-year-old Frank Abagnale Jr lives in New Rochelle, New York with his father Frank Abagnale, Sr. (Christopher Walken), and French mother Paula (Nathalie Baye). Frank's father cons a woman into lending him a suit for Frank Jr., who later acts as a driver for Frank Sr. in a ruse to get a loan from Chase Manhattan Bank. When the loan is denied (due to a series of IRS tax frauds by Frank Sr.), the family is forced to move from their grand home to a small apartment, with tension building within the family. Frank soon realizes that his mother is having an adulterous affair with his father's friend Jack (James Brolin) and feeling that he will not fit in at his new school, poses as a substitute teacher in his French class for a short time. Eventually trouble builds between Frank's mother and father, who file for divorce and ask Frank to choose who he will live with. Horrified, Frank runs away from home, using checks that his father had given him. When Frank runs out of money, he begins to use confidence scams. Frank's cons grow ever bolder and he even impersonates an airline pilot. He forges Pan Am payroll checks and succeeds in stealing over $2.8 million by staying in fancy hotel suites, and eating at expensive restaurants, with the bills going to Pan Am. Meanwhile, Carl Hanratty, the nearly humorless but persistent FBI agent, begins to track down Frank in spite of his superiors not attaching much importance to the case (as most of them do not take bank fraud seriously). Tracking Frank to a hotel, Carl discovers to his surprise that he is still a resident there and breaks into his room to arrest him. Emerging from the bathroom and knowing only that Carl is from the FBI, Frank pretends to be Agent "Barry Allen" of the United States Secret Service and brazenly claims to have just caught the suspect himself. It is not until after Frank has escaped from the room that Carl realizes he has been fooled. Frank soon attempts to use the money that he has stolen to find a way to reunite his divorced parents. He invites his father to a fancy restaurant, and gives him the keys to a brand-new Cadillac. Frank Sr. explains that he can't accept the gift, since the IRS are still watching him, and makes an attempt to put a positive air to the meal. Some months later, on Christmas Eve, while Carl is working in the office late and alone, Frank calls him to apologize for tricking him back at the hotel. Carl announces that it doesn't work that way and, to Frank's horror, Carl realizes the reason for the call: Frank has no one else to talk to. Frank hangs up, and Carl continues to investigate. He later discovers that the name Barry Allen is from The Flash comic books and that Frank is actually a teenage minor, which explains why they have been unsuccessful in finding a record of him. Remembering that Frank had made a reference to the New York Yankees, Carl has his men check for runaways in New York. Their search eventually leads them to Frank's mother, who has now remarried. After seeing Frank's yearbook picture, Carl now knows who his suspect is. One year later. Frank has not only changed from impersonating a pilot to impersonating a doctor (complete with a forged Harvard Medical School degree) in Georgia, but is romancing Brenda Strong (Amy Adams), a Southern belle who works as a hospital nurse. He proposes marriage to her, at least partly to try to engineer a reconciliation with her parents who have disowned her since she had an abortion. The two travel to meet her parents in Louisiana. Announcing to them not only that he is like them a Lutheran but that he is a qualified lawyer as well as a doctor. Frank soon joins Brenda's father (Martin Sheen) as an assistant prosecutor after passing the Bar exam. Frank soon decides to marry Brenda, and decides to tell his father. It is here that Frank Sr. (now working as a US Postal worker) informs his son that Frank's mother has remarried, devastating Frank. After Frank leaves his father for good, he calls Carl, wanting the chase to end in the wake of his wanting to settle down. Carl informs Frank that this is not possible, since Frank has stolen some $4 million. Once Frank hangs up, Carl's men look through wedding announcements to track Frank down. When Carl tracks him down and arrives at their engagement party to arrest him, Frank admits the truth to Brenda, shows her all his stolen money and asks her to run away with him. Although shocked, she accepts his offer and agrees to meet him two days later at the airport. However, when she arrives as planned, he sees a devastated Brenda being coached by FBI agents, who have surrounded the airport. Realizing that Carl has convinced her to turn against him. When Frank doesn't appear, Carl has his men stake out the airport, certain that Frank will attempt to show him up somehow, and try to escape by plane. Frank puts a new plan into effect, where he claims that he works for Pan Am, and is recruiting stewardesses to travel to Europe. The girls he chooses work as "eye candy", and Frank manages to walk right past Carl's men, distracting them with a decoy in the unloading zone of the airport. Frank escapes to Europe. A year-and-a-half later in 1967, Carl angrily tells his boss that Frank has been forging checks all over the Eastern Hemisphere. Only this time, the checks are the real thing. Arguing that Frank is out of control, he requests permission to track him down in Europe. When his boss denies him permission, Carl takes one of Frank's bogus checks to professional printers who suggest it can have been printed in only a handful of European countries. Remembering from an interview with Franks mother Paula that she was born in France, Carl travels to her birthplace of Montrichard and he finds Frank there, on Christmas Eve, inside a massive printing factory. Carl tells Frank that the French police outside will kill him if he doesn't surrender quietly. Frank assumes he is joking at first, but Carl vows that he is not lying. Frank handcuffs himself and Carl takes him outside, where, seeing no police, he compliments Carl on his ability to fool him. Almost immediately, however, the French police arrive and escort Frank to prison. The French police take Frank away, with Carl promising to have Frank extradited back to the USA. After two years, Frank is released into Carl's custody. Later on Christmas Eve 1969, on the plane extraditing Frank to the United States, Carl informs him that his father had died accidentally the previous year. Devastated, Frank escapes from the plane in incredible fashion, and tracks down where his mother lives. Here he finds his mother with her second husband, as well as a young girl who Frank realizes is his half-sister. Before he can even speak to his mother, however, a posse of police arrive in pursuit and Frank surrenders (it is never explained if Frank's own mother called the police on him or if it was just a coincidence that they showed up at her house). Frank is tried, convicted, and given a 12-year prison sentence for check forgery, embezzlement, among many other charges, and sent to a maximum security Federal prison in Atlanta. During the next four years, Frank receives regular visits from Carl. During one of these visits, Frank easily deduces the identity of a forger by glancing at a check that Carl shows him. More visits from Carl has Frank cooperating with him in identifying other check forgers. In 1974, an impressed Carl arranges for Frank to be allowed to serve out the remainder of his sentence working for the check fraud department of the FBI under Carl's custody. Although Frank is out of prison, he is chained to his desk-job and misses the thrill of his old life and even attempts to pose as an airline pilot once again. Just as he tries to run again, Carl meets him at the airport. Carl allows him to go free, predicting that Frank will return to work on Monday since there is no one chasing him. Back in the office on Monday morning, Carl is nervous when Frank doesn't appear for work on time. He is afraid that he has run away and ruined both their lives. But Frank soon shows up and asks Carl about their next case. Bristling, Carl demands to know how Frank cheated on the Bar Exam in Louisiana, to which Frank replies that he didn't: he had studied for only two weeks and genuinely passed the exam. Astounded, Carl asks him "Is that the truth, Frank?" to which Frank merely smiles. Carl smiles back and the two continue to their investigation work together. Lastly, it is revealed through scrolling text that "Frank has been happily married for 26 years" had three sons, lives in the Midwest with his family, is still good friends with Carl, caught some of the world's most elusive money forgers and gets millions of dollars each year because of his work creating unforgeable checks.
tt0112641
Crime,Drama
Martin Scorsese's 1995 film Casino follows the life of Sam "Ace" Rothstein (Robert De Niro) as he runs the mob-owned Tangiers casino. The movie also deals with his relationship with his friend Nicky Santoro (Joe Pesci) and the love of his life Ginger (Sharon Stone). The Chicago Outfit and its boss, Remo Gaggi (Pasquale Cajano), order Andy Stone (Alan King), the head of the Teamsters' Pension Fund, to give real estate hustler Philip Green (Kevin Pollak) more than $60,000,000 to fund the Tangiers Casino. While in the public eye, Green is the president, he however, also takes orders from Stone. Each month, the Outfit sends John Nance (Bill Allison) over to Las Vegas to the casino to "skim" millions from the casino's winnings with the help of the men in the counting room. Nance then makes the trip to Kansas City once a month where he meets the Outfit bosses in a grocery store run by Artie Piscano (Vinny Vella), the KC underboss. That's where the bosses collect their money since it would be illegal for them to be any closer to Las Vegas itself. The bosses want Ace to run the Tangiers casino due to his great reputation as a gambling handicapper. Reluctant at first, Ace eventually agrees. For help, Ace has his old casino friend Billy Sherbert (Don Rickles) hired as the casino manager. The bosses send Nicky Santoro, Ace's childhood friend, and Nicky's right-hand man Frank Marino (Frank Vincent) over to watch over Ace and to make sure the skim goes alright. While Ace is kind-hearted, Nicky is a volatile and dangerous psychopath who will kill anyone he sees as a threat. After a man insults Ace, Nicky takes his pen and stabs him in the neck repeatedly. Ace also shows his cold-hearted side when he catches two cheaters and has a guard take one's hand and smash it multiple times with a hammer. Ace's life takes a turn when he falls in love with Ginger, a hustler who works the casinos. Ace narrates that the only thing in her life she couldn't control was her pimp boyfriend Lester Diamond (James Woods). But Ace still convinces her to have his baby, Amy, and to marry him. All is well at the wedding, until Ace catches Ginger crying and talking to Lester on the phone, telling him that she still loves him. She tells Ace that Lester's just an old friend and Ace is convinced that part of her life is over. To fulfil his promise to her, that if the marriage didn't work she'd still be okay money-wise, Ace buys her around a million dollars worth of jewelry and also travels to L.A. where he puts $2 million away for ransom in a safety deposit box. He gives the only key to Ginger, putting all his trust into her. While Ace is running the casino, Nicky is performing his own line of work. He starts hustling and shaking down bookies and forms a crew in the casinos to rip them off. Ace catches on to him and tells him to be careful, that gaming agents are all over him. Nicky ignores him, and by doing that, gets himself put into the "black book," banning him from all casinos in Las Vegas. Nicky decides on another way to make a living. He brings over his brother Dominick and some old friends for his crew. He opens up his own jewelry store, the Gold Rush, but at night, performs burglaries in both houses and stores. He also places some of the money in some legitimate businesses, like his restaurant, run by Dominick. Every couple of weeks he send of Marino to the bosses with a small piece of what he makes in order to keep them happy. He also performs jobs for the bosses, like killing a couple of men who shot up one of Remo's diners. At the Tangiers, Ace fires floor manager Don Ward after a possible scam that he didn't detect. While Green begs Ace to let him have his job back, being that he's the County Commissioner's brother-in-law, Ace doesn't back down. The Commissioner himself comes in to ask for Ace to reconsider, but Ace still stands by his decision. The Commissioner states that its a bad decision for Ace and then leaves. Back at home, problems are already starting between Ace and Ginger. Ginger asks Ace for $25,000 and gets defensive when Ace asks why. Ace has Nicky follow her to the bank where she withdraws her money. She then goes to a restaurant where she meets Lester Diamond and gives him the money. Ace then enters and sits down with them, telling Lester to stay away from her. Ace then takes Ginger outside where she sees Ace's hotel men severely beating Lester, while Nicky watches. Ginger later goes to Nicky asking why Ace had to do that. Nicky states the Ace loves her very much and she should try working it out with him. Ace also wants her to cut down on her drinking and drug abuse and get some help, for Amy's sake. Ginger agrees. Despite all the problems, the money in the counting room keeps going to the bosses successfully. The Outfit, however, finds out that some of the men in the counting room have been skimming the skim itself. When they confront John Nance about it, he says he wants them to go easy on his men. Unconvinced, the bosses send Artie Piscano over to make sure no one rips them off. Piscano, however, starts complaining about his trips to Vegas, claiming it's money coming out of his pocket. Things aren't any better in Vegas, when an old partner of Philip Green (whom he never told anyone about) comes into the picture and demands some money from the Tangiers. When Green stalls her, she takes her case to court. The outcome of the court hearing is that Green must open the books and show where he got the funding. Gaggi, furious over the outcome, sends Nicky to take her out of the picture. The police start looking at Green as well (although he had no knowledge of the murder). Due to the problems with Green, Ace now starts giving interviews stating that he runs the casino only when Green is absent. A magazine publisher takes it out of context, bringing up the fact that Ace doesn't own a gaming license. The media starts speculating whether Ace's friendship with Nicky could affect his license hearing, although he was promised a fair one from the senator. After Nicky threatens Ace's banker, Ace tells him that he needs to calm down with the way he's been doing things. The bosses also agree, Gaggi tells Marino to tell Nicky to handle things quieter. Nicky starts showing his contempt for the Outfit and starts getting aggravated with Ace. He also starts figuring out ways to throw off the detectives who have constant surveillance on him, such as radar and switching cars multiple times. Ace realizes what Nicky really intends to do; overthrow Gaggi and take control of everything. Back in KC, Piscano is once again complaining about another trip he has to take to Vegas to his brother-in-law and his mother' claiming it will cost him more out of his own pocket. Despite the bosses warnings not to do it, Piscano starts keeping records of his trips, including names, dates, and addresses. He also expresses his belief that Nance and the guys in the counting room are ripping them off. What he doesn't know is that the FBI has an old wire on the store involving an old homicide and has been collecting evidence in their investigation of the Outfit. At Ace's license hearing, the senator drops a bombshell motion denying Ace his license, despite his promise of a fair hearing. The County Commissioner had apparently pulled some strings. After arguing and yelling at the senator, who denies any contact with Ace, Ace is taken away by his associates and lawyers; he is now out of gaming. While wondering what to do with Ace, Andy Stone suggests to Gaggi that he could run the casino with a different job title. Gaggi agrees, as long as its quiet, such as the manager of food and beverages. Ace does the complete opposite. He sets up a TV talk show "Aces High" where he has celebrity guests and he frequently talks about his lawsuit with the gaming board regarding his license. Everyone is upset with him, and Remo tells Stone to tell Ace that he should probably quit. During their meeting, Ace defends his actions saying that with the TV show making his image and plight more public, he'll be eventually be issued his gaming license. Ace also complains that his biggest problem is Nicky, stating that Nicky's relentless wild behavior has brought way too much heat on him and suggests that he takes some time off. When Stone tells Nicky what Ace said, Nicky meets Ace out in the desert, where he furiously tells him never to talk behind his back again. The two are so angry at each other that when Ace sees Nicky, Frankie, and Dominick at a restaurant, he pretends he doesn't know him. Out of spite, Nicky shows up at the Tangiers, despite being banned, acting hostile toward a Blackjack dealer. After Ace tells Nicky to hurry up and get out, Nicky loses his temper again, this time, on Billy Sherbert. Nicky calls Sherbert a Jew prick and beats him with a telephone receiver. Ginger has now had enough of Ace and files for divorce, asking for alimony and custody of Amy. Ace doesn't want her to leave, stating that she's an alcoholic, that she'll just blow the money away, and that he doesn't trust her with Amy. Ace decides to send Ginger and Amy away for a week to go shopping. When he tries to call her, he realizes she's with Lester Diamond again and the two are planning to kidnap Amy and fly to Europe. Both Lester and Ginger have changed their appearances and Ginger is now addicted to cocaine. Ace calls Lester, demanding that Amy be returned to him. Ginger is now terrified that Ace will send someone to kill them and calls Nicky, who tells her not to worry. Nicky tells Ace that Ginger wants to come back but that she's scared. Ace decides to take her back. He, however, is furious at Ginger for almost kidnapping Amy and giving Lester $25,000 for suits and a watch. That night, he hears her asking someone over the phone to kill him. Livid, he grabs her, gives her some money and clothes, and throws her out of the house. She comes back, and Ace reveals that he still loves her. He makes her wear a beeper so that he knows where she is at all times. She goes to talk to Nicky, asking him if he can help get her her money. The two then start an affair, which undercover cops take pictures of. After Ace comes to know of the affair, he warns her that she needs to end it, or it could get all three of them killed. But she still continues the affair, despite Nicky giving her the same warning. When Frankie Marino flies out to KC again, Gaggi asks him whether he knows if Nicky's sleeping with Ace's wife. Marino narrates that he knew it could get Ace, Ginger, and Nicky killed if he told the truth. So he lies, even though he puts himself in danger as well. By now, Nicky and his crew have become coke addicts and alcoholics, affecting the way they work. They start acting even more recklessly; they shoot up a cop's home after the police killed one of their members. Nicky is also worried that Ace will go to Gaggi and tell him about the affair. Even though he hasn't made up his mind, Nicky tells Frankie to start getting ready to have Ace killed, if it comes to that. One night, Ace calls his home from the casino, but no one answers. When he gets home, he finds his daughter Amy tied to her bedposts, by Ginger. He finds out she's at Nicky's restaurant and quickly goes there. He goes to her table and warns her if she ever abuses Amy again he'll kill her. They go home where they argue some more, only to have Ginger return to Nicky's. They argue in the back of the restaurant, and Ginger asks Nicky to have Ace killed. Nicky says no, that he's been Ace's friend for 35 years. Nicky is more worried that the bosses are going to find out. In a fit of rage, Ginger attacks Nicky, and after being slapped a couple of times, is literally thrown out by Nicky and Frankie. Ace calls Billy Sherbert and asks him to come over to his house with his gun, fearing for his life. The next morning, Ginger arrives at the house hysterically screaming and smashing Ace's car with her own. She threatens to call the FBI on everyone and causes such a scene that the police arrive. The police ask if Ginger can be let into the house to collect some personal items; Ace says he'll let her when she calms down. One of the cops escorts Ginger inside. Ginger breaks into Ace's desk and steals his Las Vegas safe-deposit box key. She drives to the bank and takes most of the money, despite Ace's request that she doesn't. She drives off, only to be pulled over and arrested for aiding and abetting by the undercover officers watching them. Even though she doesn't talk, the feds have no need for Ginger, they have everything they need. While Nicky had skipped town, the FBI executes search warrants on his house and the Gold Rush, arresting Dominick, Frankie, and the rest of the crew. The feds seize the casino and start going through the books. Philip Green admits he was being extorted and is willing to cooperate. While going through Artie Piscano's house, the feds find his record books, giving them all they need. Piscano becomes so upset that he drops dead in front of them from a heart attack. They even show Ace the pictures of Ginger and Nicky, but Ace doesn't want to look at them. The Chicago Outfit is indicted with skimming the casino and they decide to murder anyone who can incriminate them. They reluctantly kill Andy Stone in fear that he may talk, although Nicky states their main motive is that he wasn't Italian. John Nance is also killed while hiding from the feds in Costa Rica (Nance's son had been busted for drugs, and the bosses were afraid he'd come out of hiding to aid his son.) Also on the Outfit's hitlist are two of the men from the counting room. The list of victims expands greatly and the murders pile up over a period of weeks. After Ginger left, Sam found out she'd hooked up with some lowlifes and blew through all the money and jewels. She later is found dead from a cocaine overdose; following the initial report by the coroner, Ace has a friend of his conduct a private investigation & finds out Ginger may have been given a "hot dose". Ace himself is nearly killed by a car bomb, depicted in the opening scene. While the media believes it was orchestrated by the bosses, Ace believes that Nicky is somehow involved since a steel plate under the driver's seat protected him from the worst of the explosion. However, Ace never gets the chance to question Nicky; by now, the bosses have had enough of him. The combination of being barred from the casinos, the police attention he brought from his murders and burglaries, and him sleeping with a married-man's wife against the "made-man" code are all too much for the bosses to handle. They have Nicky's crew meet him in a remote cornfield after they posted bail. After saying hello to them, they hold him down as they beat Dominick with bats. Frankie leads the beating, saying he's had enough of them. They beat Dominick until he's knocked out, then they strip him and throw him into a shallow grave. They then proceed to beat Nicky. Ace narrates that they buried them while they were still breathing. Ace states that the Tangiers has been demolished, and that Vegas no longer has a friendly feeling to it any more. Most of the old casinos are demolished along with the Tangiers to make way for newer, larger and more modern casinos and hotels. Ace laments that the old tradition of casinos being friendlier places to gamble and do business vanished almost overnight and that junk bonds paid for the newer ones. However, Ace is still able to return to his old job as a sports handicapper for the mob.
tt0878804
Biography,Drama,Sport
The Blind Side is based on the remarkable true story of Baltimore Ravens' offensive left tackle Michael Oher (Quinton Aaron). Michael grew up in the inner city housing projects with his mother in Memphis, Tennessee aptly named "Hurt Village." Michael's story begins with his being homeless and coming from a broken home with a drug-addicted mother, and an absentee father. Because of his family circumstances, Family Services took control of his life as he was growing up. Unfortunately, he was being bounced around in and out of foster homes, and now as a teenager he finds himself discarded by the people he has been living with. By a stroke of luck, and the coach's wish for a player the size of Michael, he ends up being enrolled in a private Christian school where the Tuohy kids go. Michael is a quiet person. He is shown to have a kind of childlike personality, because he tries to play with kindergarten children (Rachel St. Gelais) who reject or ignore him. Michael is befriended by S.J. Tuohy (Jae Head), the youngest Tuohy, whose connection to Michael starts the ball rolling. Mike, having no money for food, lives by scrounging half-empty containers of snacks after school games, which Mr. Tuohy notices, after which he pays for a meal ticket for the boy. One icy winter night, as Michael is walking down the road to the school gym, where he has been sleeping; Leigh Anne Tuohy (Sandra Bullock) with her husband Sean (Tim McGraw) and children JS.J. and Collins (Lily Collins), pick Michael up and take him home for the night. However, when he tries to leave in the morning, Leigh Anne insists that he stay for dinner, and the children accept Michael matter-of-factly. Soon, Leigh Anne offers him a room and bed. As she starts offering him greater and greater favours, she begins to research Michael's records, including his career aptitude test results, where the only positive score was on protective instincts. Leigh Anne will use that to explain him how to play in the field. Up to that moment, he wasn't able to get the hang of the game and its rules, and he wasn't able to understand what his role on the field was. From that moment, Michael starts to play well and be useful to his team. At the traditional Christmas card photograph of that year, Leigh Anne invites him to appear in the family photo. Leigh Anne's friends Beth (Rhoda Griffs), Elaine (Eaddy Mays) and Sherry (Ashley LeConte Campbell) meet regularly at a local expensive restaurant. The friends laugh about Leigh Anne's "project in the projects," but she cuts them off, saying that if they don't respect what she does, she will stop seeing them. An opportunity arises for Michael to play at university level. However, he needs his grades to improve, so the Tuohys hire a private tuition teacher, outspoken and kind Miss Sue (Kathy Bates), who is determined to succeed, because she, like Mrs. Tuohy, wants him to play for Ole Miss. During their Geography lesson, she makes a remark about University of Tennessee burying the body parts of dead people under their football field, which Michael seems to believe blindly. While he had been leaning toward Tennessee, this event decides him ultimately to sign on with Old Miss. There comes a moment when Leigh Anne wants to have a face-to-face conversation with Michael's mother (Adriane Lenox) to enable her to adopt Michael. Although she seems unresponsive in the beginning, the mother finally wishes Michael the best. She says that social services had branded Michael "a runner," and she forecasts that Leigh Anne will find one day that he has run away for good without giving any previous notice. Leigh Anne also faces some tough guys from the projects who had made ugly insinuations about her before. They are left speechless when she threatens them and is not afraid of them at all. Many universities want Michael to play on their teams. S.J. talks to the coaches, and leads the negotiations on Michael's behalf-- and his own. When Michael gets his grades high enough, he must make a decision, and he does. He chooses the university where Sean had played for, and where Leigh Anne had been a cheerleader. That causes Investigator Granger (Sharon Morris) to move onto the matter before Michael arrives there. She questions him as though they were holding interrogatory preceding at a police station. She thinks that the Tuohys and Miss Sue are using Michael to benefit Ole Miss, their alma mater. Michael runs away before the interview is over, and goes to find his birth mother. The leader of the tough guys welcomes him back to Hurt Village, offers him a beer, and insinuates that Michael has had sexual relations with Leigh Anne or her daughter. This rouses Michael's protective instincts, as the gang leader threatens to go after the two ladies himself. Michael shoves him into a wall, knocking his gun aside. After thinking and questioning Leigh Ann on the matter, Michael realizes that the Tuohys are now his family, and tells Granger that that's the reason for him to choose that Ole Miss. The film ends saying that he'll succeed and become a professional player later on. S.J in seen leading the players onto the gamefield with Michael before all local games.
tt1291580
Biography,Drama,Music
In 1977, 18-year-old Scott Thorson (Matt Damon), who is working as an animal trainer on a movie set, meets Bob Black (Scott Bakula), a Hollywood producer, in a gay bar in Los Angeles. At Black's urging, he leaves his adopted home and foster parents Joe and Rose (Garrett M. Brown and Jane Morris) and goes off in search of better-paying work. Black takes Scott to Las Vegas, where they see a live stage show of Liberace (Michael Douglas). Afterwards, Black takes Thorson to the backstage dressing room of Liberace, who takes an immediate liking to the handsome younger man. However, Liberace's co-performer and fellow piano player Billy Leatherwood (Cheyenne Jackson) is cold and avoids Scott and Bob, despite their attempts to be friendly. Liberace invites the two men to his luxurious home in Las Vegas. Scott observes that one of Liberace's beloved dogs is suffering from a temporary form of blindness, and with his veterinary assistant background, informs the famous pianist that he knows how to cure the condition. After treating the dog, Scott becomes Liberace's "assistant" at the performer's request. Scott moves in with Liberace and soon becomes his lover. Scott even becomes part of Liberace's stage act, playing his chauffeur to drive him onstage in a Rolls Royce automobile for his performances. In the meantime, Billy Leatherwood is cut from Liberace's stage act and leaves town after receiving a large payoff from Liberace's management team. After another night of lovemaking, Scott confides in Liberace that he is bisexual because he is also attracted to women. Liberace is sympathetic, informing him that he wanted and tried to love women, but was exclusively attracted to men. Liberace relates a story of a "divine healing" where in November 1963 he nearly died from acute kidney failure, but claims to have had a near-death experience in which a "messenger" informed him that he would not die, and that God still loved him. However, flaws in Scott's life with Liberace begin to appear. Carlucci (Bruce Ramsey), Liberace's live-in "houseboy", disapproves of Scott and privately warns him that Liberace sooner or later will discard him as he's done with "many teenage boys" in the past. Liberace's long-term manager, Seymour Heller (Dan Aykroyd), also disapproves of Scott and is overly loyal to Liberace in protecting Liberace's (who is called Lee) sexual orientation from the public at all costs, for he believes that if Liberace would ever come clean about being gay, he would lose literally everything. It gradually becomes clear that Liberace is trying to mold Scott into a younger version of himself. In 1979, after turning 60, Liberace requests his plastic surgeon Dr. Jack Startz (Rob Lowe) to do a complete face-lift for himself to make him appear younger. Liberace also requests that Dr. Startz transform Scott's face to more closely resemble his own. Liberace also makes an unsuccessful attempt to formally adopt Scott, as gay unions were not yet legal or typically socially acceptable. Scott soon turns to drugs (first pain pills, and later cocaine) as he becomes more angry and frustrated with Liberace trying to control him, as well as Liberace's obsession to publicly hide their romance at any cost. In 1980, Liberace's mother (Debbie Reynolds), whom he always adored, dies and he holds a funeral. Scott is troubled by Liberace's lack of grief over his mother's death as he remarks that he is "finally free." In 1981, Scott's increasing drug abuse and Liberace's promiscuity towards younger men creates a rift that ultimately destroys their relationship. Liberace begins moving away from Scott by viewing gay porn videotapes and even takes Scott on an excursion to an adult bookstore and porn shop just as Scott is going through a drug withdrawal. In 1982, when Liberace suggests to Scott that they begin seeing other people, Scott becomes upset and goes on a drug bender. When Scott learns that his foster mother has died, he goes to Los Angeles for her funeral; when he returns to Las Vegas, he finds that Liberace has taken in yet another young man, a dancer in his show named Cary James (Boyd Holbrook) whom he hires as his new "personal assistant". Now Scott becomes cold, angry and withdrawn and begins giving Liberace a hard time (exactly like Billy Leatherwood had done previously when Scott first met him backstage). After an angry and verbal alternation with Liberace, Scott is then thrown out on the street with all his things in plastic garbage bags by Seymour and his personal security guards; Seymour tells Scott, in a rude tone, to never make contact with Liberace again. Scott moves in with Bob Black, who persuades Scott to take Liberace to court with the fact that he should be entitled to half of what Liberace has. In 1984, Scott retains an attorney (Paul Reiser) to seek his financial share of the property by suing Liberace for over $100 million in palimony. During Scott's palimony lawsuit, he gives details about his five-year romance with the entertainer, while Liberace flatly denies any sexual relationship or giving any gifts or items to Scott, with the exception of three valuable gold rings (aware that Scott had already pawned them for cash to buy cocaine for himself). However, Liberace's lawyer (Josh Meyers) offers Scott a settlement which is $75,000 in cash along with three of his cars, and three dogs totaling another $20,000, in exchange for dropping his claim to Scott's $250,000 Las Vegas house that Liberace bought for him as well as sign a clause to prohibit Scott from ever revealing the true nature of his relationship with him. On his lawyer's advice, Scott reluctantly agrees to settle, since no court has recognized a same-sex relationship in a palimony suit, and because he is broke from spending all of his money on drugs. Some time later, Scott is working as a clerk in a post office somewhere in Los Angeles when one day he notices a customer carrying a book about Liberace. Scott goes to a bookstore where he views a copy of Liberace's personal picture book titled 'The Wonderful Private World of Liberace' containing photos of his luxurious homes as well as anecdotes by 'Lee' about his "straight" way of life. Scott leaves the store without purchasing the book. He passes by a Los Angeles newspaper stack dated October 3, 1985, with the front page cover detailing actor Rock Hudson's death from AIDS. The following year on Christmas Day 1986, Scott - living alone in a small condo apartment - receives a phone call from Liberace who, speaking in a very weak voice, asks Scott to come visit him at his house in Palm Springs. The following day, Scott drives to Palm Springs and is shocked to find the entertainer bedridden and dying of AIDS. Liberace thanks Scott for coming to visit, saying that he only wanted to see Scott one last time before he died. He gives Scott one of his gold rings by his nightstand as a reminder to him, and makes Scott promise never to tell anyone that he saw him like this, saying "I don't want anyone to remember me as just another gay queen who died of AIDS." Not long thereafter (on February 4, 1987), Liberace dies. Despite efforts to hide the true nature of his death by Seymour and Liberace's immediate family, reporters force a legal inquiry which reveals that Liberace indeed died of AIDS. Scott attends Liberace's funeral in Los Angeles, during which he imagines seeing Liberace performing one last time on stage with his traditional flamboyance, before being lifted to Heaven with a stage harness.
tt0268978
Biography,Drama
John Nash (Russell Crowe) arrives at Princeton University as a new graduate student. He is a recipient of the prestigious Carnegie Prize for mathematics. Though he was promised a single room, his roommate Charles (Paul Bettany), a literature student, greets him as he moves in and soon becomes his best friend. Nash also meets a group of other promising math and science graduate students, Martin Hansen (Josh Lucas), Sol (Adam Goldberg), Ainsley (Jason Gray-Stanford), and Bender (Anthony Rapp), with whom he strikes up an awkward friendship. Nash admits to Charles that he is better with numbers than people, which comes as no surprise to them after watching his largely unsuccessful attempts at conversation with the women at the local bar. Nash is seeking a truly original idea for his thesis paper, and he is under increasing pressure to develop his thesis so he can begin work. A particularly harsh rejection from a woman at the bar is what ultimately inspires his fruitful work in the concept of governing dynamics, a theory in mathematical economics. After the conclusion of Nash's studies as a student at Princeton, he accepts a prestigious appointment at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), along with his friends Sol and Bender. Five years later while teaching a class on Calculus at MIT, he places a particularly interesting problem on the chalkboard that he dares his students to solve. When his student Alicia Larde (Jennifer Connelly) comes to his office to discuss the problem, the two fall in love and eventually marry. On a return visit to Princeton, Nash runs into his former roommate Charles and meets Charles' young niece Marcee (Vivien Cardone), whom he adores. He also encounters a mysterious Department of Defense agent, William Parcher (Ed Harris). Nash is invited to a secret United States Department of Defense facility in the Pentagon to crack a complex encryption of an enemy telecommunication. Nash is able to decipher the code mentally to the astonishment of other codebreakers. Parcher observes Nash's performance from above, while partially concealed behind a screen. Parcher gives Nash a new assignment, to look for patterns in magazines and newspapers, ostensibly to thwart a Soviet plot. He must write a report of his findings and place them in a specified mailbox. After being chased by the Russians and an exchange of gunfire, Nash becomes increasingly paranoid and begins to behave erratically. After observing this erratic behavior, Alicia informs a psychiatric hospital. Later, while delivering a guest lecture at Harvard University, Nash realizes that he is being watched by a hostile group of people. Although he attempts to flee, he is forcibly sedated and sent to a psychiatric facility. Nash's internment seemingly confirms his belief that the Soviets were trying to extract information from him. He views the officials of the psychiatric facility as Soviet kidnappers. Alicia, desperate to help her husband, visits the mailbox and retrieves all of the never-opened, "top secret" documents that Nash had delivered there. When confronted with this evidence, Nash is finally convinced that he has been hallucinating. The Department of Defense agent William Parcher and Nash's secret assignment to decode Soviet messages was in fact all a delusion. Even more surprisingly, Nash's friend Charles and his niece Marcee are also only products of Nash's mind. After a painful series of insulin shock therapy sessions, Nash is released on the condition that he agrees to take antipsychotic medication. However, the drugs create negative side-effects that affect his relationship with his wife and, most dramatically, his intellectual capacity. Frustrated, Nash secretly stops taking his medication and hoards his pills, triggering a relapse of his psychosis. While bathing his infant son, Nash becomes distracted and wanders off. Alicia is hanging laundry in the backyard and observes that the back gate is open. She discovers that Nash has turned an abandoned shed in a nearby grove of trees into an office for his work for Parcher. Upon realizing what has happened, Alicia runs into the house to confront Nash and barely saves their child from drowning in the bathtub. When she confronts him, Nash claims that his friend Charles was watching their son. Alicia runs to the phone to call the psychiatric hospital for emergency assistance. Parcher urges Nash to kill his wife, but Nash angrily refuses to do such a thing. After arguing with Parcher, Nash accidentally knocks Alicia to the ground. Afterwards, Alicia flees the house in fear with their child, but Nash steps in front of her car to prevent her from leaving. After a moment, Nash realizes that Marcee is a figment of his hallucinations because she has remained the same age since the day he met her. He tells Alicia, "She never gets old." Only then does he accept that all three people are, in fact, part of his hallucinations. (It is important to note that in real life, Nash suffered from auditory hallucinations and possible delusions, instead of visual hallucinations). Caught between the intellectual paralysis of the antipsychotic drugs and his delusions, Nash and Alicia decide to try to live with his abnormal condition. Nash consciously says goodbye to the three of them forever in his attempts to ignore his hallucinations and not feed his demons. However, he thanks Charles for being his best friend over the years, and says a tearful goodbye to Marcee, stroking her hair and calling her "baby girl," telling them both he wouldn't speak to them anymore. Nash grows older and approaches his old friend and intellectual rival Martin Hansen, now head of the Princeton mathematics department, who grants him permission to work out of the library and audit classes, though the university will not provide him with his own office. Though Nash still suffers from hallucinations and mentions taking newer medications, he is ultimately able to live with and largely ignore his psychotic episodes. He takes his situation in stride and humorously checks to ensure that any new acquaintances are in fact real people, not hallucinations. Nash eventually earns the privilege of teaching again. He is honored by his fellow professors for his achievement in mathematics, and goes on to win the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics for his revolutionary work on game theory. Nash and Alicia are about to leave the auditorium in Stockholm, when John sees Charles, Marcee and Parcher standing and smiling. Alicia asks John, "What's wrong?" John replies, "Nothing." With that, they both leave the auditorium. (Source: WikiPedia. Bangs_McCoy)
tt0993846
Biography,Crime,Drama
The movie opens with a TV advertisement for Stratton Oakmont, Inc. It discusses the nature of Wall Street brokers, describing them as bulls or lions. A lion walks through one of the floors of the company. We next see a large group of brokers playing a game where they throw little people onto a board with a dollar sign for a bulls-eye. Jordan Belfort (Leonardo DiCaprio) then introduces himself among those playing this game. He tells us that he is the son of two accountants living in Bayside, Queens. Ever since he started working on Wall Street, Jordan has enjoyed a life of endless drugs and countless hookers of his choosing. He is seen blowing cocaine into a hooker's butt, and then later flying a helicopter while hopped up on quaaludes. We also see him driving his Ferrari and getting a blowjob from a woman revealed to be his wife Naomi Lapaglia (Margot Robbie). According to Jordan, he does enough drugs to sedate the majority of New York's population. The one drug he loves the most, however, is the one that can make man conquer the world: money. He snorts a line of coke with a $100 bill, crumples it up, and then tosses it in a wastebasket. When he was 22 years old, Jordan began working on Wall Street while married to a woman named Teresa Petrillo (Cristin Milioti). He starts working as a broker and he meets his smooth-talking, easygoing boss Mark Hanna (Matthew McConaughey), along with another abrasive and foul-mouthed co-boss, Peter DeBlasio (Barry Rothbart). Jordan is astonished at how everybody talks and works. He has lunch with Mark, who is doing a rhythmic chant while pounding his chest. Mark orders enough martinis for them to "pass the fuck out". He asks Jordan how many times he jerks off: Jordan says about three or four times a week. Mark says those are rookie numbers and that he does it at least twice a day. He starts babbling to Jordan about how nobody knows if the stocks will go up, down, sideways, or whatever, and that it's all a "fugazi". Mark's primary reason for going into stocks was pretty much just for hookers and blow. He gets Jordan to join in the "Money Chant". Jordan starts his first day with his broker's license on what happens to be October 19, 1987 - aka, Black Monday. The stocks around the world plummet, and Jordan loses his job. At home, Teresa suggests they pawn her engagement ring as he looks through the jobs section in the paper. He comes across one place in Long Island: "Investor Center" located in a small mini-shopping center. Jordan shows up to Investor Center in a suit. The place is merely a small establishment that hardly looks professional, with most of the brokers dressing casually & the office being a dingy, unkempt workspace. Jordan is greeted by Dwayne (Spike Jonze), the man who runs the place. He assigns Jordan to pitch a sale for a company called Aerotyne, a small company out of a garage in Dubuque, Iowa. Aerotyne is also a "pink sheet" (low value) stock and he will receive 50% of the commission. Jordan calls a potential investor about Aerotyne. He sells it to him as a huge company (we're treated to a pic that shows it looking no bigger than a tool shed), but the way he pitches it draws everybody's attention. Everybody in the office stops what they're doing to listen to Jordan, who makes a very slick but also very professional sales pitch. He succeeds in making the sale and his new coworkers are impressed. After a few months, Jordan is making serious money. He is approached in a diner by a chubby bespectacled man with fluorescent white teeth named Donnie Azoff (Jonah Hill). He asks Jordan if the Jaguar outside is his car, to which Jordan says 'yes'. Donnie says he lives in the same apartment building as Jordan and mentions he works selling children's furniture. He asks Jordan how much money he makes, and Jordan says he made $72,000 the previous month. Not believing it, Donnie asks to see a pay stub for $72,000. Jordan pulls one out, and Donnie calls his boss to tell him he's quitting to go into stocks. Jordan and Donnie have drinks at a bar. We learn that Donnie married his cousin because he didn't like the idea of anybody else trying to sleep with her. Outside, Donnie smokes some crack and offers some to Jordan. He takes one hit and gets pumped, telling Donnie they need to go running. The two find a garage where they plan to set up a business. Jordan recruits some of his friends to join. They include Robbie Feinberg (Brian Sacca; nicknamed "Pinhead"), Alden Kupferberg (Henry Zebrowski; nicknamed "Sea Otter"), Chester Ming (Kenneth Choi), Nicky Koskoff (PJ Byrne; nicknamed "Rugrat" because of his shoddy toupee), and Brad (Jon Bernthal). Brad is especially well known for making drug sales in his old neighborhood. Jordan tells Brad to sell him a pen that he pulls out of his pocket. Brad tells him to write something on a napkin. Jordan says he doesn't have a pen, and Brad "sells" it to him. Jordan also brings along several guys from Investor Center, including a guy called Toby Welch (Ethan Suplee). Jordan and Donnie set up what is basically a boiler room in an abandoned auto garage. The guys are all set up at desks, ready to make calls with a script that Jordan wrote for them. They start with blue chip stocks like Disney and AT&T. Jordan calls one investor to purchase stocks in Kodak. Jordan anticipates closing the deal by making crude sexual gestures to everyone just as the investor signs on. From there, Jordan creates Stratton Oakmont and forms it into a much larger business with even more brokers working for him. He has groups of ambitious and hopeful brokers clamoring in his office showing off their resumes to his face. As one Strattonite makes a sale, the whole floor celebrates, with a marching band and a big group of hookers. They even have one female employee get her head shaved if Jordan pays her $10,000 for her to use for breast implants. Over the next few years, news of Stratton Oakmont's success gets around, from Forbes Magazine to the FBI, specifically Agent Patrick Denham (Kyle Chandler). Forbes does a hatchet piece on Jordan, calling him a "sleazy Robin Hood" and dubbing him "the Wolf of Wall Street." Jordan is at first angry about it, but Teresa tells him there's no such thing as bad publicity and more young and eager brokers flock to his office. They bring on Jordan's father, whom everyone refers to as "Mad Max" (Rob Reiner) due to his constantly irritable attitude. He oversees his son's accounts and berates him and his partners for spending $26,000 for a dinner, interrupting their chat about using the little people for their game (as seen earlier). Jordan throws a party at his Long Island beachfront house where he announces a plan to take the company "into the FUCKING STRATOSPHERE!" He is about to explain to us the effects of quaaludes, but Donnie suddenly rises and slowly goes over to Jordan's pool table in slow motion, mumbling the name "Steve Madden." Steve Madden, as Jordan notes, was the big name in women's shoes. Jordan then sees Naomi for the first time. He runs down to introduce himself, inviting her to join him on his jet ski. Donnie's wife Hildy (Mackenzie Meehan) sees this and tries to get Jordan away from Naomi by saying Teresa needs his help. Donnie then goes downstairs and starts masturbating to Naomi in front of the whole party. Jordan takes Naomi out to dinner one night. When he takes her home, she invites him to her apartment for some tea. Jordan is extremely tempted by her, right before she steps out of her room fully nude. The two have sex for 11 seconds before Jordan tries to get it going again. He continues his affair with Naomi for a while before Teresa catches Jordan doing coke off her breasts in the back of a limo. She pulls Jordan out and starts smacking him. She tearfully asks him if he loves Naomi, but he doesn't reply. Narrating again in voice-over, Jordan says he felt bad about hurting Teresa... and then filed for divorce three days later. Naomi moves into Jordan's apartment. She hires a decorator to redo the place to Jordan's liking, and she also hires a gay butler named Nicholas (Jon Spinogatti). Jordan likes him until the night that Naomi comes home to find that Nicholas is holding a gay orgy in the apartment. She goes crying to Jordan and tells him that $20,000 in cash is missing from their room as well as $30,000 worth of jewelry and other appliances. Jordan, Donnie, Chester, and Rugrat interrogate Nicholas about what he knows about the missing money. Nicholas refuses to answer questions (clearly protecting his gay friends) and quickly changes the subject by openly telling them that he thinks them questioning him is just gay prejudice. Chester punches him hard in the nose, and he and Donnie hold Nicholas by his legs over the balcony to try to make him confess. Jordan calls the cops, who arrest Nicholas for stealing, and kick his ass instead. Jordan manages to recover the stolen cash through money laundering. Since he recognizes that these practices are illegal, he hires an attorney, Manny Riskin (Jov Favreau), to keep them clear. All Jordan cares about is that he's making more money than he and anybody else can know what to do with. Jordan proposes to Naomi with a yellow diamond ring and she accepts. He holds a bachelor party in Las Vegas, where even the plane ride consists of a lot of hookers, alcohol and a lot of cocaine. The wedding is also a pretty big event. Naomi introduces Jordan to her English Aunt Emma (Joanna Lumley), who is aware of Jordan's cocaine use. Jordan and Naomi move out of their New York penthouse and buy a large mansion on Long Island. He even buys Naomi a yacht as a wedding gift (it's also named Naomi). Eighteen months later, Jordan and Naomi have a daughter, Skyler. By this time, the couple is constantly bickering over Jordan's antics. He slept through the night calling the name "Venice". We see she is a hooker who pulled a lit candle out of Jordan's ass during sex and poured the hot wax on his back as he kept screaming "Wolfie" (his safety word, which she ignores). Jordan tells us this fighting is part of their routine, which ends with them getting intimate. When they put the baby to sleep, Naomi says she is wearing short skirts from now on and won't be wearing panties deliberately to tease Jordan. Jordan however, has his own trick to pull; he tells Naomi that she's been videotaped by Jordan's security guards, both of whom are named Rocco. At work, it is the day of an IPO (initial public offering) meeting with Steve Madden, a ladies shoe designer seeking to go public with his company. Jordan catches a geeky broker cleaning his goldfish bowl. He sends Donnie to call the guy out and humiliate him in front of everybody by swallowing the man's goldfish whole and then sending him out while everybody else jeers at him. Steve Madden (Jake Hoffman) presents his latest product, the Mary Lous (which one broker says look like fat woman shoes). The brokers start throwing junk at him, which Jordan stops. He wants Madden to join them in business, which he agrees to. Jordan then gets up to the stage to give a speech to the whole floor about the wonders of being rich. The stock is launched in the trading room and becomes a success, netting Stratton Oakmont $22 million in just three hours. The FBI sends the company a subpoena to request Jordan's wedding video tape. Jordan meets his private investigator, Bo Dietl (playing himself) where Bo tells him that Denham has pictures of Jordan's inner circle. Jordan asks Dietl if it's possible to buy off Denham -- Dietl emphatically says 'no'. A few days later, Jordan invites Denham and his partner Agent Hughes (Ted Griffin) onto the Naomi moored at a Long Island harbor. He shows them the list of everybody in attendance to the wedding. When Jordan tells Denham of an employee of his that he hired after needing money for his mother's triple bypass surgery, Denham interprets this as some sort of bribe. Jordan laughs it off and sends the agents off his yacht. He mockingly throws 100 dollar bills at them as they walk away. Jordan decides to keep his money safe from the tax men as well as thieves by storing it in offshore accounts. He, Donnie, and Rugrat go to Switzerland to get the job done. The trip there is chaotic for Jordan since he takes a bunch of quaaludes prior to the flight. He then behaves very lewdly toward the stewardess and he insults the pilot. He wakes up strapped to his chair. Donnie tells Jordan that he tried to start a riotous party on the airplane, dry-humping the female flight attendants and insulting the plane's captain, who personally restrained Jordan in his seat. Due to Rugrat's intervention, with assistance from his Swiss friend, Jordan isn't charged upon his arrival. The trio meets with a group of French Swiss bankers led by Jean Jacques Sorel (Jean Dujardin), Rugrat's friend in college. Sorel persuades them to get someone outside the U.S. to store money in their account. Jordan travels to London, England to convince Naomi's Aunt Emma to take some of his fortune. This also leads to Jordan unsuccessfully trying to hit on her. They also use Brad's Slovak wife Chantalle (Katarina Cas) to smuggle money in with her family, though she can only strap a certain amount to her body to smuggle into Switzerland. Donnie and Brad get into an argument that ends with Brad punching Donnie out. Some time later, Donnie drives out to a seedy Long Island strip mall to make an exchange with Brad. Brad had specifically asked Jordan to make sure Donnie didn't arrive at the meeting drugged out, but Donnie appears to be anyway. After a few moments, Donnie reveals that he isn't actually stoned for the meeting and begins to provoke Brad -- Donnie had taken very personally the fact that Brad had hit him. They get into another argument with the cops watching nearby. Donnie drops his briefcase of money and flees, leaving Brad to get arrested. Donnie shows up at Jordan's house with a strong brand of quaaludes called Lemmon 714, a very rare version of the drug. The two take a pill each and watch "Family Matters" on the TV, but feel no effects after 35 minutes. They take more and still feel nothing. They find out that they expired in 1981. Naomi (pregnant again) goes downstairs to find the two working out. She tells Jordan that Bo Dietl is on the line. Dietl tells Jordan to leave his house and call him from a payphone. Jordan drives a mile down the road to a country club to use the payphone there. Dietl tells him about Brad getting arrested, and that Denham has Jordan's home and work phones tapped. Just then, Jordan starts to finally feel the effects of the Lemmons -- the pills were so far past their expiration date they'd developed a "delayed fuse." He starts slurring his speech and then collapses to the floor, unable to stand or walk. He crawls outside, rolls down the steps, and manages to open the door of his Lamborghini with his foot. Naomi calls him to say that Donnie is acting very strangely and had called Sorel. Jordan makes an attempt to drive his car home despite being too high. He slowly manages to get home safely and crawls his way to the kitchen to pull Donnie (who is also feeling the delayed effect of the quaaludes) off the phone, yelling as best as he can about the FBI listening in. Donnie runs to stuff cold cuts in his mouth, but he starts choking and falls on top of the glass dining table, shattering it. Naomi runs in to find Donnie turning blue and choking. Jordan grabs a little vial of coke from a drawer and pours the whole thing into his nose (juxtaposed with a Popeye cartoon as Olive Oyl feeds the sailor man some spinach, with the tune accompanying Jordan and the coke). He pulls the food out of Donnie's mouth and begins to apply a crude form of the Heimlich Maneuver. Jordan pauses for a few seconds, thinking he'll let Donnie die, until Naomi reminds him that Donnie has a family. Jordan finally gets Donnie to cough up the food he was choking on. Jordan wakes up the next morning to find the police in his house. They arrest him when they show him his Lamborghini, with notable damage, despite Jordan believing he got the car home in one piece. A flashback shows us that Jordan didn't make it home without damaging his car, hitting several other cars, a few golf carts and a mailbox. He is released after it's determined they have no proof Jordan was ever behind the wheel of the car. Manny and Max tell Jordan he got lucky. Another few months later, Jordan holds a big meeting on his floor to announce that he is stepping down from the company to pass it onto Donnie, Pinhead, and Rugrat. He calls out one woman for starting at Stratton with "barely two nickels to rub together", and now living rich when Jordan decided to give her a shot. He tells the brokers he loves all of them, moving them to tears. Jordan then changes his mind and decides to stay, leading to cheers. He gets everybody to join him in the "Money Chant." His father is not pleased, believing Jordan would be better off in taking the deal the FBI was offering. Jordan holds a huge celebration on his yacht, right after Brad is released from jail. Brad subsequently quits doing business in stocks, and Jordan tells us he died of a heart attack two years later. In June 1996, Jordan and Donnie take their wives to Portofino, Italy to continue the celebration. Rugrat calls then while they're drinking Bloody Marys and snorting cocaine to tell them that Steve Madden is unloading shares after hearing about Jordan's recent trouble with the law. To make matters worse, Naomi comes crying to tell Jordan that Aunt Emma died of a heart attack. Jordan is distraught, but more due to the fact that this leaves the $20 million in her account inaccessible. Jordan calls Sorel, who tells him that Aunt Emma named Jordan the successor to the money. He just needs to get to Switzerland immediately. Jordan runs to tell the captain to take them to Switzerland, despite Naomi's insistence that they go to England for the funeral. Jordan believes they can reach a safe harbor and that he can catch a small plane to Geneva. The captain warns that there may be stormy seas ahead, but Jordan doesn't care. Indeed, they do sail right into dangerous waters. Jordan orders Donnie to run and get more quaaludes, even as Donnie objects -- Jordan doesn't want to die sober. He runs downstairs anyway and brings the drugs up, just as a huge wave breaks through boat and turns it over. The group is rescued by a Italian Navy helicopter called in by Jordan. They're taken on another boat, and Jordan sees the jet he wanted to catch crash into the ocean. He tells us this was due to a seagull flying into the engine. He believes this to be a sign from God. Two years later, Jordan is sobered up. He is seen in an infomercial advertising his moneymaking seminar, Straight Line. During a taping of the infomercial, Denham and other agents arrest Jordan. Sorel had been arrested in Switzerland for crimes unrelated to Jordan, and he ended up ratting him out while having dinner with Rugrat (who is also arrested). Sorel had also been having an affair with Brad's wife whenever she smuggled cash to him in Switzerland. All the members of Stratton are called in for testimony but refuse to give anybody up to save themselves. Donnie goes over to Jordan's place as he is under house arrest, he wears a locator on his right ankle. He says he's got Jordan's back in the scheme of things. He also asks Jordan how sober life is. Jordan thinks it sucks. Naomi is also furious with Jordan, refusing to speak to him. Jordan and his lawyer meet with Denham and two other Department of Justice lawyers. They try to make a deal in which Jordan wears a wire to incriminate the other co-conspirators. They call the case a "Grenada" in reference to the US invasion of Grenada in the Caribbean, where the US government very easily suppressed an invasion of that island nation by Cuba. To them, the case will be easy for the Dept of Justice to win because of the overwhelming amount of evidence they've collected. A few nights later, Jordan pesters Naomi for sex, and she eventually gives in and asks him to make love "as if it were the last time." Naomi acts passive and uninterested. Once the two are finished, she tells him it really was the last time; she intends to file for divorce, and tells Jordan that unless he agrees to every condition that she demands (a quick divorce, full custody of their two kids and half of his remaining wealth), she'll take out a restraining order that will bar Jordan from ever contacting her or the kids again. Jordan becomes enraged and insults her; she slaps him and he hits her in the abdomen. He storms into a small sitting room and cuts open one of the sofa cushions, removing a bag of cocaine. He snorts a good-sized amount and runs into Skyler's room taking from her bed. Over Naomi's panicked protests, he runs downstairs to leave with Skyler. Naomi and the Belforts' maid try to stop Jordan as he reverses the car out of the garage, but he ends up crashing into a wall just a few yards away. Skyler is unharmed as she was wearing her seat belt, but Jordan suffers a minor head injury. Naomi takes Skyler out of the car, as a dazed Jordan gradually realizes he will probably never see his two daughters again after this latest incident. Jordan is set up with the wire to bring in his partners. They all cheer for him upon his return. He goes to start with Donnie. Jordan slides him a note that says "Don't incriminate yourself. I'm wearing a wire." When he asks Donnie about their financial practices, Donnie pretends not to remember anything. The FBI arrive at Jordan's house to arrest him when they discover the note he slipped to Donnie (though not shown, the note was given to Denham by Donnie himself, likely as part of a deal that will leave Donnie unaffected or facing lesser charges). While Donnie rapidly deletes any incriminating files on his office computer the rest of the co-conspirators are arrested in the office. In court, Jordan is sentenced to 36 months in prison. His mother cries as her son is taken away while Max looks at him disappointed. When he arrives at prison, Jordan admits that he was terrified when he got there. For a fleeting moment, he says, he forgot that he was rich. He had become so accustomed to a life where everything was for sale. The final scene takes place at a Straight Line seminar in Auckland, New Zealand (The host is played by the real Jordan Belfort). Jordan comes out to the crowd and stands before one man. He pulls out a pen and tells him to sell it to him. The man awkwardly starts his pitch before Jordan takes the pen away. He hands it to another, who is equally awkward. Jordan continues to do the same with more guests, as all the hopeful future millionaires watch him.
tt0338751
Biography,Drama
The Aviator has no opening credits other than the title. The film begins in 1913 with nine-year-old Hughes being bathed by his mother, who warns him of disease: "You are not safe." The film next shows him in 1927, as a 22-year old preparing to direct Hell's Angels. Hiring Noah Dietrich (John C. Reilly) to run Hughes Tool Co, while he oversees the flight sequences for the film, Hughes becomes obsessed with shooting the film realistically, even re-shooting the dogfight himself. By 1929, with the film finally complete, when The Jazz Singer is released, Hughes re-shoots the film for sound, costing another year and $1.7 million. Nevertheless, Hell's Angels is a huge hit, and Hughes makes Scarface and The Outlaw. However, there is one goal he relentlessly pursues: aviation. During this time, he also pursues Katharine Hepburn (Cate Blanchett). The two go to nightclubs, play golf and fly together, and as they grow closer, move in together as well. During this time Hepburn becomes a major support and confidant to Hughes, and helps alleviate the symptoms of his obsessive-compulsive disorder. As Hughes' fame grows, he is seen with more starlets. Hughes takes an interest in commercial-passenger travel, and purchases majority interest in Transcontinental & Western Air (TWA), the predecessor to Trans World Airlines. In 1935, he test flies the H-1 Racer but crashes in a beet field; "Fastest man on the planet," he boasts to Hepburn. Three years later, he flies around the world in four days, shattering the previous record by three days. Meanwhile, Juan Trippe (Alec Baldwin), owner of Pan American Airlines, and Senator Owen Brewster (Alan Alda) worry over the possibility that Hughes might beat them in the quest for commercial expansion. Brewster has just introduced the Commercial Airline Bill, which will give world expansion solely to Pan Am. Trippe advises Brewster to check to the "disquieting rumors about Mr. Hughes." Hepburn and Hughes eventually break up when she announces that she has fallen in love with her movie costar (although he is briefly seen but never clearly stated, the viewers already know that the costar is her would be life-long partner Spencer Tracy). He soon has a new interest: 15-year old Faith Domergue (Kelli Garner) and later, Ava Gardner (Kate Beckinsale). He also fights the Motion Picture Association of America over the steamy scenes in The Outlaw. He learns of Pan Am's efforts to run TWA off the map yet secures contracts with the Army Air Force on two projects, a spy plane and a troop transport. By 1946, Hughes has only finished the XF-11 reconnaissance aircraft and is building the H-4 Hercules ("Spruce Goose") flying boat. With the strain of meeting deadlines and budgets, Hughes starts to show signs of alarming behavior, repeating phrases over and over and exhibiting a phobia over dust and germs. That July, he takes the XF-11 for a test flight. One of the propellers malfunctions, causing a crash in a Beverly Hills neighborhood. Rushed to the hospital, he slowly recuperates but learns the H-4 Hercules transport is no longer needed but orders production to continue. When he is discharged, the whole TWA fleet is built and ready to go, but he is in danger of being bankrupted by the airline and his flying boat. Afraid of the media trying to find him, Hughes places microphones and taps Ava's phone lines to keep track of any suspicious activity. After being confronted by Gardner, he returns home to find the FBI searching his house for incriminating evidence that he embezzled government funds. The incident is both a powerful trauma for Hughes and gives his enemies knowledge about his condition. Hughes meets with Brewster, who offers to drop the charges if Hughes supports the CAB Bill and sells the TWA stock to Trippe. Hughes sinks into a deep depression afterwards, shutting himself in his screening room, growing ever more paranoid and detached from reality; terrified of germs, he urinates into dozens of empty milk bottles. Hepburn tries to visit him, but is unable to help. Trippe then pays Hughes a visit, but an enraged Hughes vows he will never sell TWA. Trippe warns Dietrich that the world will see what Hughes has become if he goes to the Hearings. After nearly three months, Hughes finally emerges and prepares to face the Senate, with encouragement from Ava Gardner, who helps him get cleaned up. Hughes arrives at the hearings, and starts off with counter-claiming Brewster's charges: "Why not tell the truth, Senator? Why not tell the truth that this investigation was really born on the day that TWA first decided to fly to Europe?" Humiliated and enraged by this turn of events, Brewster formally states that Hughes charged the Defense Department $56 million for aircraft that never flew. Hughes defends himself and reveals that Trippe essentially bribed Brewster to hold the hearings. The H-4 hercules "Spruce Goose" transport Hughes successfully test flies the flying boat himself. After the flight, he talks to Dietrich and his mechanic Odie (Matt Ross) about a new jetliner for TWA (The Convair 880 Coronado) and makes a date with Gardner at a celebration party on the Long Beach shoreline. Hughes seems free of his inner demons until he sees three attendants in business suits and white gloves edging towards him, which triggers an obsessive-compulsive fit as he begins repeating "The way of the future." Dietrich and Odie take Hughes in a bathroom and hide him there, while Dietrich fetches a doctor and Odie stands outside guarding the door. Alone inside, Howard has a flashback to his boyhood, being washed by his mother and resolving he will fly the fastest aircraft ever built, make the biggest movies ever and become the richest man in the world. As the film ends he mutters "the way of the future... the way of the future" into a darkened mirror.
tt1675434
Biography,Comedy,Drama
The film begins at night in Paris. Driss (Sy) is driving Philippe's (Cluzet) Maserati Quattroporte at high speed. They are soon chased by the police: when they are caught, Driss, unfazed, doubles his bet with Philippe, convinced they can get an escort. In order to get away with his speeding, Driss claims the quadriplegic Philippe must be urgently driven to the emergency room; Philippe pretends to have a stroke and the fooled police officers eventually escort them to the hospital. As the police leave them at the hospital, Philippe asks what will they do now, to which Driss answers: "Now let me take care of it." as they drive off. The story of the two men is then told as a flashback, which takes up almost the rest of the film. Philippe, a rich quadriplegic who owns a luxurious Parisian mansion, and his assistant Magalie, are interviewing candidates to be his live-in carer. Driss, a candidate, has no ambitions to get hired. He is just there to get a signature showing he was interviewed and rejected in order to continue to receive his welfare benefits. He is extremely casual and shamelessly flirts with Magalie. He is told to come back the next morning to get his signed letter. Driss goes back to the tiny flat that he shares with his extended family in a bleak Parisian suburb. His aunt, exasperated from not hearing from him for six months, orders him to leave the flat. The next day, Driss returns to Philippe's mansion and learns to his surprise that he is on a trial period for the live-in carer job. He learns the extent of Philippe's disability and then accompanies Philippe in every moment of his life, discovering with astonishment a completely different lifestyle. A friend of Philippe's reveals Driss's criminal record which includes six months in jail for robbery. Philippe states he does not care about Driss's past because he is the only one that does not treat him with pity or compassion, but as an equal. He says he will not fire him as long as he does his current job properly. Over time, Driss and Philippe become closer. Driss dutifully takes care of his boss, who frequently suffers from phantom pain. Philippe discloses to Driss that he became disabled following a paragliding accident and that his wife died without bearing children. Gradually, Philippe is led by Driss to put some order in his private life, including being more strict with his adopted daughter Elisa, who behaves like a spoiled child with the staff. Driss discovers modern art, both traditional and modern, and opera, and even takes up painting. For Philippe's birthday, a private concert of classical music is performed in his living room. At first very reluctant, Driss is led by Philippe to listen more carefully to the music and opens up to Philippe's music. Driss then plays the music he likes to Philippe (Boogie Wonderland, by Earth, Wind & Fire), which opens up everybody in the room to dance. Driss discovers that Philippe has a purely epistolary relationship with a woman called Eleonore, who lives in Dunkirk. Driss encourages him to meet her but Philippe fears her reaction when she discovers his disability. Driss eventually convinces Philippe to talk to Eleonore on the phone. Philippe agrees with Driss to send a photo of him in a wheelchair to her, but he hesitates and asks his aide, Yvonne, to send a picture of him as he was before his accident. A date between Eleonore and Philippe is agreed. At the last minute Philippe is too scared to meet Eleonore and leaves with Yvonne before Eleonore arrives. Philippe then calls Driss and invites him to travel with him in his private jet for a paragliding weekend. Philippe gives Driss an envelope containing 11,000 euros, the amount he was able to get for Driss's painting, which he sold to one of his friends by saying it was from an up-and-coming artist. Adama, Driss's younger cousin, who is in trouble with a gang, takes refuge in Philippe's mansion. Driss opens up to Philippe about his family and his past as an orphan in Senegal, who was adopted by his then-childless aunt and uncle and brought back to France. His adoptive parents later began having children of their own, his uncle died and his aunt bore still more children. Philippe recognizes Driss's need to support his family and releases him from his job, suggesting he "may not want to push a wheelchair all his life". Driss returns to his suburbs, joining his friends, and manages to help his younger cousin. Due to his new professional experience, he lands a job in a transport company. In the meantime Philippe has hired carers to replace Driss, but he isn't happy with any of them. His morale is very low and he stops taking care of himself. Yvonne becomes worried and contacts Driss, who arrives and decides to drive Philippe in the Maserati, which brings the story back to the first scene of the film, the police chase. After they have eluded the police, Driss takes Philippe straight to the seaside. Upon shaving and dressing elegantly, Philippe and Driss arrive at a Cabourg restaurant with a great ocean view. Driss suddenly leaves the table and says good luck to Philippe for his lunch date. Philippe does not understand, but a few seconds later, Eleonore arrives. Emotionally touched, Philippe looks through the window and sees Driss outside, smiling at him. The film ends with Driss bidding Philippe farewell and walking away.
tt1979320
Biography,Drama,Sport
The following is based on a true story. The film opens at the German Grand Prix in Nurburgring in 1976. Niki Lauda (Daniel Bruhl) looks to the sky and narrates that he and James Hunt (Chris Hemsworth) have long been considered rivals, though he doesn't know why people think that. As the race commences, the two of them, along with the other racers, speed off around the track. SIX YEARS EARLIER We see James Hunt going into a hospital with his uniform looking dirty and his nose is bloodied. When he introduces himself, everybody is stunned. He's is treated by a cute nurse named Gemma (Natalie Dormer). She tends to a wound on his abdomen done by another man using a crowbar. He tells Gemma that they had a disagreement over the man's wife. She asks what he did, and he says only what she asked him to, which he offers to show Gemma. Cut to the two of them having sex at home...more than once. James takes Gemma to the Crystal Palace circuit to meet his crew for a Formula Three race. He starts puking, which concerns Gemma, but she's assured that he does this before every race. That's when James sees Niki Lauda coming around for the first time. The two enter the race, with Niki nearly winning until he spins out and his motor heats up, giving James the victory. Niki confronts James afterwards, calling him an asshole, but he gets laughed off by James and his mates. We learn from Niki that he comes from a family of politicians and economists. He asks his father for a loan to allow him to enter a Formula One racing team, but he refuses. Niki takes out a loan from the bank himself and uses it to buy his way in. He has his own car made as fast as he deems it should be, and has racer Clay Regazzoni (Pierfrancesco Favino) drive his car across the racetrack, proving it to be faster than the team's previous car. Niki convinces manager Louis Stanley (David Calder) to let him enter with his own car under the conditions that he has a spot on the team and he gets a two-year contract even though he's just a rookie. Later, Regazzoni bumps into Niki, saying he noticed he was talking to the pretty track manager. He informs her that her last boyfriend was also a racer, who was crazy and "an immortal fucker". It was James. James's team, Hesketh Racing, gives him a new car to race with, which he loves. He takes it to the racetrack at Watkins Glen as they drive for Formula One now. An accident takes place there, putting James's nerves on edge and causing him to throw up later. While in the Hesketh garage, he visualizes himself racing when he meets a model named Suzy Miller (Olivia Wilde). Within a short amount of time, the two are married. After the wedding, James is told that Niki is set to drive for Ferrari. Niki is seen driving one of Ferrari's car, saying it's a piece of crap. He later officially signs on for the team. Afterwards, Regazzoni drives with Niki to a party, but Niki stays outside. He spots a beautiful woman leaving the place. Her name is Marlene Knaus (Alexandra Maria Lara). He asks for a ride and she allows him to join her. On the road, he critiques the car and her driving, up until the car breaks down in the middle of the road. Marlene manages to get two Italian men to stop, and they get excited when they see Niki. Marlene doesn't realize who Niki is, but she convinces him to drive fast for her. He does so, speeding through the road and thrilling her and the other two men. The 1975 Formula One racing season takes place, with Niki winning the world championship. Later at a party, James speaks to Niki, who thinks all of James's flash and showboating doesn't mean anything. This gives James more of an incentive to prepare for the following year's championship to beat Niki. James goes to the Hesketh Racing garage to find that it is closed because they missed the deadline to secure sponsors. James drowns his sorrows in booze and cigarettes, then gets angry and lashes out at Suzy. He later meets with the managers of the McLaren racing team, in which he is able to secure a position. The 1976 season begins. Niki wins in Brazil and South Africa with James placing second. James comes in first in Spain but is disqualified because the back of his car is deemed too wide. Niki secures more victories in Monaco and Belgium. To make matters worse, James learns that Suzy is having an affair with actor Richard Burton. After meeting with her one last time at a bar, they settle on a divorce. When he steps outside to greet the press, he makes a joke of the divorce as his easiest win. Later, James's disqualification is removed and his car is adjusted to fit the standards. Niki and Marlene get married in a private ceremony and spend their honeymoon in Spain. That evening, after some fun in the pool, Niki tells Marlene that now that he's found happiness, it has become an enemy of his, because he now feels he has something to lose. During practice for the German Grand Prix, an accident takes place and a racer's leg is terribly broken. Niki holds a meeting with the other racers and racing officials, saying that because of the rainy weather, it would be too risky to race, and so it should be canceled. James then leads the others to think that Niki's doing this so he can maintain his racing points, while another racer suggests that Niki is frightened. Niki admits that he is frightened, as the rain increases his risk of dying out there, but he knows everybody else is just as scared. Although some racers join the vote to cancel the race, the majority rules that the race continue as planned. The race goes on, with both James and Niki using rain tires, which they are forced to change at the pit stop because the track dries up quickly. During the third lap, a suspension arm in Niki's car breaks, causing him to swerve off the track and crash into a wall, resulting in the car becoming engulfed in flames. Two other cars hit him, and some racers run to pull Niki out as he catches fire. He is taken to the hospital where six doctors and 34 nurses tend to him, and it is reported that his condition is worse than it was previously believed. Marlene hears of this news over the radio. Over six weeks, Niki recovers in the hospital, albeit with third-degree burns to his face and toxic fumes in his lungs. His lungs are vacuumed out, and the top half of his head is disfigured. All throughout his stay, he watches James continue racing and earning more points. When he is able to get back on his feet, Niki tries to put his helmet back on, but the burns on his face make it painful. Marlene tells him to stop, but he tells her that if she loves him, she'll let him do this. Niki makes his return to the racetrack. He is met by James, who says he tried to write him a letter while he was in the hospital and that he feels responsible for what happened to him. Niki responds that James is equally responsible for getting him back behind the wheel after watching him racing on TV. During a press conference, Niki answers questions regarding his recovery and plans to continue racing. One reporter asks how his wife reacted when she saw his face. Niki replies that she told him he doesn't need a face to drive, but rather, the right foot. The reporter asks again if he thinks his marriage will suffer because of his disfigurement, to which Niki says "Fuck you." After the press conference, James confronts the reporter and punches him repeatedly in the face for the question, then telling him, "Go home to your wife and ask her how you look. Prick." The final race comes at the Japanese Grand Prix, where it is raining harder than in Germany. Before the race starts, James and Niki acknowledge each other and give a friendly wave and nod to one another. As the race goes on, Niki takes the lead over James, but he begins to think of Marlene. He forfeits the race to avoid risking his life again, and he rejoins his wife. James continues the race under the intense conditions, and he is forced to make a late pit stop when the rubber on his tires starts wearing out. As he finishes the final lap, the scoreboard reads that he placed fifth, which would mean he missed out on the championship. However, it is reported that he finished third, allowing him to win. While he celebrates his victory, Niki and Marlene leave in a helicopter. She asks him if he's alright, and he says yes, because he has no regrets. Following his win, James continues about his playboy lifestyle and endorses several products. While in Bologna, Italy, he goes to an airfield to find Niki, who has taken up flying planes. Niki implies that he would have won if he continued the race, and it was unacceptable for James to take all those risks. Before James leaves, Niki tells him that he had gotten something big in finding an enemy. James smiles and goes back with his friends. The film ends with brief footage of the real James Hunt and Niki Lauda. Niki narrates again saying that James retired two years later. When he died of a heart attack at the age of 45, Niki felt sad, as James was one of the few people he respected, and, to this day, the only person he envied.
tt0221027
Biography,Crime,Drama
The film opens to a young George (Jesse James) and his parents Fred (Ray Liotta) and Ermine (Rachel Griffiths). Fred files for bankruptcy and loses everything. Fred tries to instill George with a belief that money is not important. A grown-up George (Johnny Depp) moves to Southern California with his friend "Tuna" (Ethan Suplee) and they plan to earn a living by selling marijuana with the help of an airline stewardess, Barbara Buckley (Franka Potente), and a girlfriend of George who introduces them to her friend/entrepreneur Derek Foreal (Paul Reubens), the main dealer, who also runs a hair salon. With Derek's help, George and Tuna make a lot of money. Kevin Dulli (Max Perlich), a college student back in Boston who is a friend, visits them and tells them of the enormous demand for pot in Boston. With the help of Barbara, they start bringing the drugs to Boston. As the demand grows, they decide to start buying the drugs directly from Mexico with the help of a few Mexican drug lords. George then proceeds on to Chicago to do business, but is caught trying to import 660 pounds of marijuana and he is sentenced to two years. George skips bail (after trying to plead his innocence by reciting It Ain't Me Babe) to take care of Barbara, who is suffering from, and eventually succumbs to, cancer. While hiding from the authorities George visits his parents back in Massachusetts. While he is having a heart to heart talk with his father, George's mother calls the police who come and arrest him. George is now sentenced to twenty-six months in a federal prison in Danbury, Connecticut. His cellmate Diego Delgado (Jordi Molla) has contacts in the cocaine trade in Colombia and convinces George to help him go into business. When George gets out of prison, he violates his parole conditions and heads down to Cartagena, Colombia to meet up with Diego. They meet with Cesar Rosa, to negotiate the terms for smuggling 15 kilograms for "good faith". As the smuggling operation grows, Diego gets arrested, leaving George to find a way to sell 50 kilos (110 lbs) of blow and get the money in time. He reconnects with Derek in California, and the two successfully sell all of it in 36 hours, amassing a $1.35 million profit. George is then whisked off to Medellin, Colombia, where he finally meets Pablo Escobar (Cliff Curtis) who agrees to go into business with George and Diego. With the help of main middleman Derek, the pair becomes Pablo's #1 importer. After an altercation with Diego over his "connection", who happened to be Derek (Diego pressured George to reveal his connection), and a drug-related collapse, George returns home and vows to leave the drug business forevermore, especially as he now has a daughter. All goes well with George's civilian lifestyle for five years, until his wife Mirtha (Penelope Cruz) organizes a 38th birthday party for him. Many of his former drug business associates attend, including Derek who reconciles with George after it is revealed that Diego cut him off of their deal. The party is raided by police and George is arrested. Following his conviction, he becomes a fugitive dodging his court date. Meanwhile, his large Panamanian bank accounts have been seized. His wife Mirtha causes him to be arrested while driving one night. He is sent to jail for three years and during that sentence Mirtha gives him the news that she wants a divorce and she wants custody of their nine year old daughter, Kristina Sunshine Jung. On his release he finds himself struggling to keep a relationship with his daughter on good terms. George promises his daughter Kristina (Emma Roberts) a vacation in California and goes into one last deal to garner enough money for the trip. On the deal, he is set up by the FBI and DEA, along with old accomplices, and sentenced to 60 years at Otisville Correctional Facility in upstate New York. He explains in the end that the sentence did not bother him, nor did the fact that he was betrayed by his accomplices "to save their own asses" bother him. What bothered him was he broke a promise to his daughter, in addition to the emotional damage he caused on those he loved (especially his daughter) and how his ambition exceeded his talent. In prison, his lawyer says that his request for a furlough for George to see his dying father was squashed by his unforgiving mother, who says it would only upset him. He is given a tape recorder to record a final message to his father. In the message, George recounts his memories of working with his father, his run-ins with the law, and how finally, too late, does he realize what his father meant when his said that money is not "real". The film closes with George being an old man in prison, imagining that his daughter finally comes to visit him and conversing with him. She slowly fades away as a guard calls for George indicating that she is not real and just an illusion. The film concludes with notes indicating that Jung is still in prison, his sentence not to expire until 2015, and his daughter yet to visit him, with the final imagery being a photograph of the actual George Jung.
tt1586752
Action,Biography,Crime
The film is an adaptation of Childers' memoir Another Man's War.[4] Although the film centers on Childers, it starts off with a scene in Sudan, where the LRA are attacking a village. This opening scene is placed into context later in the film. Childers was an alcoholic drug-using biker from Minnesota. On his release from prison, he finds that his wife has given up her job as a stripper, because she has since become a christian. Eventually, after almost killing a vagrant the night before, his wife persuades him to go to church with her where he is eventually converted. Later, on a church/missionary trip to Uganda to build homes for refugees, he asks one of the SPLA soldiers watching over them to take him on a trip to the north, to Sudan. The soldier warns him that it is a war zone, but upon Sam's insistence they go. They arrive at a medical tent in Sudan, as his friend moves off to talk came in to some people, Sam is roped in by a redheaded female doctor to help lift a lipless Sudanese woman onto the examination table. That night as they lay on their beds at the relief station, they hear noises outside, when they look out Sam and the soldier see large numbers of Sudanese children swarming in to sleep outside the building. The soldier explains that their parents send them to sleep over there because it is safer than staying in their own village. Sam wakes up the children and gets them to sleep in their room for the night. The next day they follow the children back to their village only to find that the LRA burnt it down and killed their parents. Then one of the children runs after his dog and dies upon stepping on a hidden landmine. Sam then decides to build an orphanage for the children of South Sudan. After the orphanage is built, the LRA attack it under cover of night and burn it to the ground. Sam then phones home, telling his wife what happened and that he is giving up. She reminds him that the orphans have been through worse but they haven't given up, and that he shouldn't give up and tells him to rebuild the orphanage. One night after the orphanage has been rebuilt, he and his friends from the SPLA are attacked on the road by the LRA, they manage to chase off the small force of the LRA that attacked them. They then search the area and discover a large group of Sudanese children hiding in a ditch not far from the road, since they can't take all the children in one trip, Sam chooses to take the ones who need medical attention along with a few others on their first trip back to the ophanage. However, upon returning to the spot as quickly as he could, he finds that the LRA burnt those he'd left behind. It is from here he leads armed raids to rescue children from the Lords Resistance Army. In the end credits are included black and white pictures of the real Sam Childers, his wife and his daughter plus his orphanage in Sudan. The pictures are followed by a short black and white home video clip of Sam talking about his work, all the while with the credits rolling on left hand of the screen.
tt0765429
Biography,Crime,Drama
The film opens with Bumpy Johnson (Clarence Williams III) and Frank Lucas (Denzel Washington) pouring gas on a man and then lighting him on fire. As the man screams in pain, Frank shoots him. Bumpy runs Harlem in 1968 and says to Frank that big business in taking over and there is no more room for the little guy. He has a heart attack and dies. We see other mobsters showing up to this funeral. Meanwhile Richie Roberts (Russell Crowe) is a New Jersey detective who is taking classes to become a lawyer and hates public speaking. He and his partner find a million dollars in cash and they argue about turning it in, but Richie turns it in anyway. Because Richie won't keep any of the money for himself or let his fellow officers keep it. Frank is unhappy with the way the mob is being run and it seems he always has to pay another mobster named Tango off -- Tango is an old associate of Bumpy who wants control of Bumpy's old territory. It is also hard to find good drugs. Frank sees on T.V. that drugs are very cheap in Vietnam and so he buys a passport and goes to visit his cousin who owns a night club in Vietnam. Richie's marriage is failing because his wife says he doesn't spend enough time with their son. After they divorce, his wife says she and her son are moving to Vegas. Frank makes a deal with his cousin to bring heroin back to the U.S. by smuggling it in coffins of dead soldiers returning from Vietnam. He goes to Nam to talk to his future provider directly. Since there is no middle man, Frank can sell heroin cheaper than anyone else in New York; it is also pure heroin nicknamed "Blue Magic." Richie gets a phone call in the middle of the night from his partner, Javier, who is flipping out because he killed a guy in his apartment, claiming the man opened fire on him. They bandage the dead guy's neck to make it look like he isn't dead. Richie tells his partner that he needs help because he is hooked on drugs, which is why he killed the guy in the first place. His partner gets mad and jumps out of the ambulance. His partner says that it was Richie's fault to begin with, because he takes drugs to forget that everybody at the police station sneers at him. Frank at this point is doing very well. He owns several nightclubs and moves his brothers and mother from North Carolina to New York. He buys his mom a very nice house, a mansion with a huge garden and gives her a vanity for her bedroom that he'd had made from his own memories as a child in North Carolina. We see Richie trying to fight for custody but it turns out that his chances aren't that good because even though he's an honest cop he hangs out with bad people (e.g. his son's godfather) and likes to sleep with hookers. He even has sex with his lawyer. Frank gets his brothers to help him sell his drugs and gives them good money for doing their job. He yells at one of them for dressing too nice because he feels that if you dress too nice you draw attention to yourself. It is also at this point that he meets Eva (Lymari Nadal), a Puerto Rican Beauty Queen, and falls head over heels for her. Richie's partner overdoses on drugs which promotes Richie to start a Narcotics Unit and go after the big guys, not any small time dealers. They aren't too successful at first so Richie decides to start on the streets. He discovers Blue Magic and tries to figure out who could sell such powerful stuff so cheaply. He and his partner follow a large sum of money they'd given to a dealer and take the tunnel to New York to track it down. While trying to retrieve the money he runs into detective Trupo (Josh Brolin). Trupo doesn't like him much but still returns the money and tells Richie not to come back to New York again because this isn't his jurisdiction. One night Frank and his girlfriend go to a boxing match between Muhammad Ali and Joe Louis. He sits right up front and has better seats than some of the world's biggest entertainers. Frank also wears an expensive chinchilla fur coat and hat Eva had bought for him, and he has the opportunity to shakes hands with Joe Louis. Richie sees this and gets the license plate number from the limo Frank was riding in. Richie is not the only one who notices this: Trupo stops Frank's car crammed with drugs and takes them away, and tells him that he wants his share of the money he's making, 10,000 dollars each month. When he arrives home, Frank throws the expensive coat which has put him under the spotlight into the fireplace to burn. Richie discovers that the man he saw was Frank Lucas and wants to bring him down. The only problem is Richie has no evidence that Frank is a drug dealer. Frank gets married to Eva and runs into detective Trupo, who wants ten thousand dollars a month to keep his mouth shut. Frank also deals with local competition mobster Nicky Barnes (Cuba Gooding Jr.) who is selling heroin under the name of Blue Magic, but Nicky has been cutting the supply and selling it himself while still using Frank's brand name. Frank and his wife almost get shot by an unknown. We never find out who it is, but we are lead to think that it was Nicky. One night Richie sees one of Frank's men almost kill his girlfriend. Instead of putting the guy in prison they have him wear a wire. This is where Richie learns how Frank gets heroin back into the U.S. Things don't look too good for Frank now. Since the war is over he can't get his drugs back into the U.S. Richie searches a U.S. plane but finds no drugs. He also teams up with Trupo who is mad at Frank for blowing up his car. Trupo searches Frank's house. Richie gets into an argument with some U.S. General because Richie is making it look like the U.S. military is smuggling drugs. Richie's men find drugs in coffins located at a warehouse and invade. There is a huge shoot out and they arrest Frank while he is at church. Richie and Frank finally meet and Frank says he doesn't give a fuck what happens to him. However, Richie offers him a deal: if he turns in all his outshore accounts and he gives in all the corrupt cops' names, he will have a more lenient sentence. Frank turns in other drug dealers and crooked cops and gets his sentence reduced because he is being so helpful to police. Richie also gives up custody of his kid and lets his wife take him to Vegas. Frank is released from prison in the 1990s.
tt1571222
Biography,Drama,Romance
In August 1904, Sabina Spielrein (Keira Knightley) arrives at the Burghlzli, the pre-eminent psychiatric hospital in Zurich, Switzerland with a typical case of hysteria and begins a new course of treatment with the young Swiss doctor, Carl Jung (Michael Fassbender). He is using word association and dream interpretation as part of his approach to Sigmund Freud's (Viggo Mortensen) radical new science of psychoanalysis, and finds that Sabina Spielrein's condition was triggered by the humiliation and sexual arousal she felt as a child due to her short-tempered father's habit of spanking her naked. These conflicting feelings were compounded by her instinctive knowledge (imparted by an angel's voice that speaks in German) that she had done nothing to deserve such a punishment and in fact that she may have been a stand-in for her mother in her father's abuse (since her mother was unfaithful). Also, her affluent Russian Jewish family afforded her an exceptional education in preparation for university study, although not on the subject of sex, and she was a virgin. Her intelligence and energy were immediately recognized and encouraged by Jung and Eugen Bleule (Andr Hennicker), the head of the hospital, and since she plans to study medicine they allow her to assist them in their experiments, including measuring the physical reactions of subjects during word association, to provide empirical data as a scientific basis for psychoanalysis and ameliorate the more sensational aspects of Freud's theories, which contend that all mental illness is rooted in childhood sexual experience, be it real or fantasy. She soon learns that much of this new science is founded on the doctors' observations of themselves, each other, and their families, not just their patients. The doctors correspond at length before they meet, and begin sharing their dreams and analyzing each other, and Freud adopts Jung as his heir and agent. Jung finds in Sabina a kindred spirit with a unique perspective as her self-awareness sharpens, and their attraction deepens in what was already well known at the time as transference. Jung's resistance to the idea of infidelity, and breaking the taboo of sex with a patient, is undercut by the wild and unrepentant confidences of another brilliant, philandering, unstable psychoanalyst who comes under his care, Otto Gross (Vincent Cassel). He decries monogamy in general and suggests that resistance to transference is symptomatic of the repression of normal, healthy sexual impulses, exhorting Jung to indulge himself with abandon. Jung finally begins their affair, which in the film includes rudimentary bondage and spanking Sabina at times. Things become even more tangled as he becomes her advisor to her dissertation; he publishes not only his studies of her as a patient but eventually her treatise as well. Her original ideas are rooted not only in her insights into her childhood trauma, but the intensity and conflicts in their relationship. Spielrein's thesis suggests that truly heroic, original creations can only emerge from the crucible of great conflict, such as the attraction of opposites and the breaking of taboos, and thus the instinct for creation is inextricably tied to a drive to destruction, and that these feelings and ideas are not restricted to sexual expression despite their roots in the biological drive to reproduce. This includes, finally, his refusal to give her a love child, which is the story behind the reference to Wagner's Der Ring des Nibelungen operas: they see themselves in the legend of Siegfried, the archetypal Teutonic hero born from a forbidden union. After his attempt to confine their relationship again to doctor and patient, she appeals to Freud for his professional help, and forces Jung to tell Freud the truth about their relationship, reminding him that she could have publicly damaged him but did not want to. Jung and Freud journey to America. However, cracks appear in their friendship as they begin to disagree more frequently on matters of psychoanalysis. Jung and Spielrein meet to work on her dissertation in Switzerland, and begin their sexual relationship once more. However, after Jung refuses to leave his wife for her, Spielrein decides to go to Vienna. She meets Freud, and expresses that although she sides with him, she believes he and Jung need to reconcile for psychoanalysis to continue to develop. Following Freud's collapse at an academic conference, Jung and Freud continue correspondence via letters, through which they decide to end their relationship, after increasing hostilities and accusations regarding the differences in their conceptualization of psychoanalysis. Spielrein marries a Russian doctor and, while pregnant, visits Jung and his wife. They discuss psychoanalysis and Jung's new mistress. Jung confides that his love for Spielrein made him a better person. A final on-screen text reveals that Otto Gross starved to death in Berlin in 1919, that Freud died of cancer in London in 1939 after being driven out of Vienna by the Nazis, that Spielrein trained a number of analysts in the new Soviet Union, before she, along with her two daughters, was shot by Nazis in 1942, and that Jung emerged from a nervous breakdown to become the world's leading psychologist before dying peacefully in 1961.
tt0821642
Biography,Drama,Music
The film opens up in the early morning. A man is cycling by as a paper boy is driving around delivering newspapers. A newspaper hits a door and the main articles title is Life Has A Mind by Steve Lopez (Robert Downey Jr.). Steve Lopez is cycling around town and goes in the opposite direction of a bunch of cyclists. Lopez gives an internal monologue chronicling a biking accident which occurred near a construction site. His bike hits a bump and he hits his head badly on the pavement. In the next scene hes in an ambulance being driven to a busy hospital. While in the emergency room, Lopez writes down his thoughts as if writing an article. He is given an MRI and after being cleared, takes a taxi home. He checks his messages (there are none), continues to narrate into a tape recorder. The next morning, he goes into work at the L.A. Times. He continues to talk to himself as he walks through the halls about how much he hates hospitals and health care under the governor. The Editor of the L.A. Times, Mary (Catherine Keener), walks down the cubicles past Steve as he is greeted by the people in the neighboring cubicles. Steve and Mary banter about an article Steve was supposed to write before his accident but he tells her that he wont write it as she goes off to her office. Steve is then sitting outside on the boardwalk drinking a soda. He hears a violin playing and starts to walk around the plaza until he finds the sources. He finds Nathaniel Ayers (Jamie Foxx), playing a two string violin under a statue. Steve immediately realizes that Ayers is a schizophrenic and tries to walk away but Ayers follows him for a bit until Steve introduces himself. Ayers tells Steve that he once went to Julliard. Steve is in his office making a call to the Registrars office at Julliard when Mary sits down next to him. She tells him that the LA times stock situation is looking pretty dire before switching the conversation over to their son. Mary tells Steve to call him but Steve says that whenever he calls their son wont call him back. He sends her away stating that he is trying to find a story before deadline. The Registrars office tells Steve that there is no record of a Nathaniel Ayers ever attending Julliard and then hangs up on Steve. He says hes not taking the blood story but as he crosses violinist off his list of potential stories its clear hes out of options. He is then seen sitting in front of a young nurse preparing to draw blood from him. As part of his blood test, he goes to urinate in a cup. While hes peeing he drops the cup and slips when he gets a callback from Julliard. The Secretary tells Steve that she only checked the graduates but when she checked all students, she found that Nathaniel Ayers dropped out of Julliard during his second year. That night, Steve returns to where he met Nathaniel and narrates the content of the article Points West detailing how Nathaniel is missing while calling him shy. Steve drives back to his apartment and finds that raccoons ruined his lawn. His neighbor tells him that coyote urine will keep the raccoons away. Steve spends the night walking around his messy apartment while listening to music. The next morning, Steve is calling the head of the coyote urine business when he sees Nathaniel on the side of a busy intersection. He stops his car. Nathaniel turns away from him and continues to play his 2 string violin and doesnt speak. Steve waits patiently against the gate for Nathaniel to finish up. Nathaniel plays the same group of notes over and over until he cant do it anymore. Steve tells Nathaniel that he wants to write a piece about him and how he ended up on the street. Steve asks him about his family, but Nathaniel cant focus and give direct answers and continues to ramble, even asking if Steve is the pilot of a plane flying overhead at one point. Steve calls Nathaniels sister to learn more about him. A flashback shows a young Nathaniel walking down the street carrying a cello. He met with his music teacher and went on and on about how much he admired Beethovens work. He played the cello for his teacher and the teacher thought that he was an incredibly gifted student. Instead of playing sports, his sister said that all Nathaniel would do was play the Cello. Nathaniels mother told him that when she listened to him play, she heard the voice of God. Steve writes an article detailing what he learned from Nathaniels sister. After it is published, an old lady reads it and sends Steve her old cello with the request that he give it to Nathaniel with her prayers. As Steve is driving through the same busy intersection, he almost hits Nathaniel who is picking up litter from the middle of the street (almost being hit multiple times by other cars) and gets him to walk over to the side. Steve is concerned about Nathaniels safety and the cello and arranges for Nathaniel to keep the cello in the office of a homeless shelter LAMP (under the stipulation that Nathaniel also stay at the same shelter). Steve lets Nathaniel play the instrument on the street for a test run. Nathaniel plays for Steve and Steve is visibly moved by the piece. Steve drives away with the cello to take it to the shelter. The shelter is located in a bad neighborhood where a bunch of homeless people are gathered on the sidewalk outside the gate. He pulls up to the gate and asks to speak to someone named David. He and David put the cello in his office and Steve sticks around to wait for Nathaniel. He sees all the people with their problems and seems a bit troubled. He goes outside and continues to wait for Nathaniel. He mingles with several homeless people. He waits until nightfall and then goes home. He starts to put tie up a bag of coyote urine onto a tree when the bag explodes on him. The next morning Steve is seen interviewing an Atheist road-side cleanup worker on the side of the road. when he gets a phone call and hears Nathaniel playing the Cello. He goes back to the shelter and sees Nathaniel playing for the people gathered around. Another flashback shows Nathaniel in his first apartment and subsequent performances at Julliard. At one point he is surrounded by people and in the next he is in an empty auditorium. His musical performances grow more erratic and his paranoia starts to set in as a voice says they can hear your thoughts Nathaniel. He runs out of the auditorium and runs away because the voices tell him to. He hides in a closet and lets the voices overwhelm him. He calls his 'mother' from a payphone and shares the fact that he cant always tell what is going on in the world around him and that he cant differentiate whats real and whats not and drops the phone and the recording "please hang up and try your call again" is heard. It's obvious he wasn't actually talking to his mother but rather a dial tone. Steve asks David if he will diagnose Nathanials problem. David says that it would be pointless. Steve asks if theres a medication that can help Nathaniel but David tells him that the last thing he needs is another person telling him he needs medication. Steve goes to find Nathaniel but Nathaniel is gone. Steve goes out to his car and just sits there, observing the interactions of the people outside before going to find Nathaniel. He walks past some drug users and down the street before seeing the police around a dead body. As he looks down to see the person, he sees Nathaniel next to him. Nathaniel finds a place to sleep and starts cleaning the area a little with a broom before setting up his bed. He tells Steve that he will end up like Beethoven and lie down and die. Steve spends the night with Nathaniel on the street and they talk. Steve tells Nathaniel that it is no place for him to live, but Nathaniel is adamant that this is where he should be. The next morning Steve offers to bring Nathaniel to see an Orchestra perform Beethoven. Nathaniel watches the orchestra with Steve and as they perform, Nathaniel focuses only on the music and imagines each sound striking up a bright color. Later on, Steve and Mary are at a karaoke bar with their coworkers and Steve is telling her about Nathaniels enjoyment of the music and the grace Nathaniel gets listening to music. Steve finds Nathaniels love of music to be awe inspiring. He upsets Mary when he tells her the he has never loved anything like Nathaniel loves music. He tries to recover from that but Mary leaves and tells him the Mayor wants to talk to him. The Mayor announces that he intends to add 50 million dollars in aid to the citys homeless community. Nathaniel visits Steve at the office. Steve is busy and tells Nathaniel he cant perform in front of the building, so Nathaniel waits on the other side of the building. He calls Graham Clayton (Tom Hollander), a cellist, to rehabilitate Nathaniel. Steve convinces David to help find Nathaniel an apartment where Nathaniel can live and rehabilitation. Nathaniel doesnt want to live in an apartment. He frustrates Steve but then starts to question Steve about his family. Steve was once married to Mary, but they divorced. Their son, Tom is in college and wont talk to Steve. Steve tells Nathaniel that if he doesnt go to the apartment, he will be on his own. Another flashback details Nathaniels mental breakdown in his old apartment. He is slowly driven insane by the voices until he cries on the floor of the apartment. A week later, Steve and Nathaniel move Nathaniel into the place where he will live and practice. It is a small apartment with a bed and a bathroom. There is enough room for Nathaniel to be comfortable and practice, but Nathaniel is afraid to enter the room. Steve patiently tells Nathaniel that he can do it. Eventually, Nathaniel enters the room with his stuff. Nathaniel doesnt like the room because it doesnt have the natural sounds of the city and reminds him of the night he spent going insane. Steve introduces Graham and Nathaniel. Graham brings Nathaniel the sheet music for Bach to begin Nathaniels rehabilitation. Graham is impressed by Nathaniels skill but notices that it needs to be refined. Graham tells Nathaniel that God gave Nathaniel a gift and that Nathaniel shouldnt waste it. Nathaniel gets upset with Graham and declares that Steve is his God. Steve gets frustrated with Nathaniel for being so attached to him. Steve asks David to help Nathaniel with psychiatry and medication and tells David that if he puts Nathaniel into forced rehab for two weeks, that might be enough to get Nathaniel straightened out. Steve goes to an award show which honors Steves achievement in bringing Nathaniels story to focus. Nathaniel calls Steve and tells him all the things he needs. Steve hands the phone off to Mary, and she listens to all the things Nathaniel says. She gets drunk and tells Steve that hes good at avoiding responsibility. Steve calls her a drunk and tells her she needs someone to drive her home. Graham calls Steve the next day and tells Steve that Nathaniel should have a recital. At the recital Nathaniel wheels out his card and takes out his cello before sitting down in front of the audience. As Nathaniel starts to play, he begins to have a psychotic episode and hear the voices. He experiences a flashback to when his sister was taking care of him after he fled Julliard. She tries to give him a bowl of soup, but Nathaniel insists that it is poison and instead takes the spoon and starts force feeding her instead. Graham puts his hand on Nathaniel to bring him back to reality, but Nathaniel freaks out and the movie flashes between Nathaniel swinging a chair at Graham and the younger Nathaniel swinging the tray at his sister before he runs out the building. Steve picks up Nathaniels cello and looks for Nathaniel with his car. Again the movie flashes back to when Nathaniel freaked out on his sister and him running away with her following him in her car int he middle of winter and asking him where he is going and where he would sleep. As Steve searches for Nathaniel, he sees the police launching a large scale arrest of the homeless and drug users. Steve finds police guarding a bloody shirt and is told that a bunch of kids with baseball bats beat a man brutally. Steve, convinced it's Nathaniel, checks every hospital in the area looking for him. He spends all night looking for him. The next morning, Steve gets a call from David telling him that Nathaniel is at the shelter eating breakfast and that he spent the night in the apartment. Steve visits Nathaniel at his apartment and returns his cello. Steve gives Nathaniel a miniature Beethoven and asks him if he did a good job looking out for him. Jennifer, Nathaniels sister, is ready to take over as Nathaniels caretaker. Steve leaves him the forms and tells him to read them before he signs them. Nathanial reads the forms and throws them around the room when he realizes that its about his schizophrenic state of mind. Nathaniel gets violent with Steve, pushing and slapping him, and tells him that if he sees him again hell gut him like a fish. Steve runs out of the apartment the minute he gets free and leaves Nathaniel to the voices. A little while later, Steve is taking shots in a bar. He visits Mary at her house. They reminisce about when they moved into the house with Tom. Steve comes to grip with his failures as a father and a husband. He apologizes to Mary and tells her that he thought he was helping someone with a gift who had lost their way. He tells her about what happened with Nathaniel and how he doesnt know how to fix it. He tells her that he officially resigns from everything since he cant get it right. Mary tells him that Steve would never have been able to cure Nathaniel just like he would never prevent a earthquake and that all Steve could do was be his friend. Jennifer flies into L.A. to see her brother. Steve drives her to the shelter and she goes in to see him. The shelter is not as crowded as it was before the cops arrested people. Jennifer sees Nathaniel sitting and slowly approaches him. They sit together for a while as Steve watches from the car. Nathaniel remembers that Jennifer is his sister and reaches out his hand to her and she takes it. Steve sits outside dangling his car keys until the pair come out. Nathaniel looks down at Steve and apologizes for threatening Steve. Steve tells Nathaniel that its ok. Mr. Ayers, Im honored to be your friend. Steve begins his narrative epilogue as Mary, Steve, Jennifer and Nathaniel watch an orchestra perform. A year ago, he met Nathaniel and thought that he could help him. His mental state and well being havent changed but he no longer lives on the street. Psychiatrists tell Steve that his friendship alone gives balance to chemical misfire in his brain, but he cant attest to it. Steve tells himself that Nathaniels friendship and courage has made him a better person. They watch the orchestra perform in silence. Credits roll and the audience reads the following: Mr. Ayers still sleeps inside and is a member of LAMP. He continues to play the cello, as well as violin, bass, piano, guitar, trumpet, French horn, drums and harmonica. Mr. Lopez continues to write his column for the L.A. Times. He is learning to play the guitar. There are 90,000 homeless people on the streets of Greater Los Angelos.
tt0964517
Biography,Drama,Sport
As a welterweight from the wrong side of the tracks, Dickie Eklund is the pride of working class Lowell, Massachusetts. Living in his shadow is his half-brother and sparring partner Micky Ward. It's part of the Irish pride to let Dickie lead the way and win a championship belt first. However, after suffering a humiliating defeat to Sugar Ray Leonard, Dickie plunges into a nightmare of crack addiction, violence and prison. His family's hopes are crushed in the wake of Dickie's demise. Like a real life Rocky, Micky fights on his own terms and pulls his family out of despair with his meteoric rise in the ring. Freshly paroled Dickie finds redemption training his little brother, now known as "Irish" Micky Ward, for his Welterweight Championship bout with Shea Neary. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Dick Eklund (Christian Bale) sits on a sofa in 1993 and talks to the camera about his boxing career and fight with Sugar Ray Leonard. His brother Micky Ward (Mark Wahlberg) sits beside him and Dick says Micky is a boxer also but has a different style. At a crossroads the two brothers work preparing asphalt for paving. Dicky jokes around for a camera crew. Dicky and Micky walk through a neighborhood of Lowell, MA followed by a HBO camera crew. They greet and joke with a variety of locals and shopkeepers. Micky is serious, Dicky playful and goofy. Micky is at a gym waiting for Dicky to train. An older man, a cop Micky O'Keefe (as self) steps in to help. Mother Alice Eklund (Melissa Leo) arrives and tells O'Keefe to get out, it is Dicky's job, the two argue. Dicky is smoking up with friends, he is two hours late before he runs off to the gym. Micky works the speed bag on his own as Dicky arrives panting. Dicky tells the camera crew Micky has lost three in a row. They train, Alice and Dicky reminisce about the Leonard fight. The whole family is at a bar, Alice and her daughters explain who is who in the large family of Eklunds and Wards. At a bar Micky eyes the attractive bartender Charlene (Amy Adams). They chat and a gallant Micky asks her out for Saturday, when he returns from a big televised fight in Atlantic City. Micky goes to see his daughter at his ex's house, she is very bitter as it is not a regular visit day. He tells the young girl Kasie this next fight will be his big break and he will get a bigger apartment. Everyone is ready to leave in the stretch limo but Dicky is missing. They stop off at a green house, Dicky has been using drugs and has lost track of time. Alice knocks on the door and Dicky tries to duck out the back window. The family has a squabble in the backyard, Dicky slugs his step father George Ward (Jack McGee) and Micky is exasperated. In Atlantic City the promoter says the planned opponent has had to cancel because of the flu but there is a replacement. The other fighter is 19 pounds heavier but supposedly poorly trained, Micky is hesitant but Dicky assures him it will be OK. In the ring Micky is battered and beaten badly by the larger man. The gang run into a dapper Sugar Ray Leonard who greets Dicky politely but makes a quick exit to get away from him. A promoter, Mike Toma, offers Micky a chance to come and train in Las Vegas and receive a monthly paycheque. Micky sits forlornly as the rest of entourage drink up in the stretch limo on the way home, they put down the Vegas idea. Back home, Alice says she will find a better fight next time, Micky goes into hiding with a heavily bandaged face. He watches old home movies. Charlene comes looking for him demanding to know why she was stood up for their date. Micky takes her to a suburban movie complex where they suffer through a boring art flick. He then says he was embarrassed to lose and show his face in Lowell. They kiss. Three weeks later Alice looks for Micky, one of the seven sisters tells Alice he is with the tramp from the bar, they all disparage Charlene. Alice finds Dicky at the green crack house, she is in tears as Dicky tries to cheer her up. they both sing "I started a joke..." song. Micky has Charlene over to meet the family as Alice and Dicky arrive at the house. The women start bickering right away. Alice has a new fight lined up at Foxwoods for $17500 but Micky and Charlene appear set to go their own way. Dicky talks with the gang at the crack house on some scheme to get $200 ea from 10 people, they turn him down. Charlene shows off her high jump skills to a happy Micky. At night Dicky observes a street walker pick up a trick. He pretends to be a cop but is chased by real cops. There's a street fight and wild melee, Micky comes to help and the brothers are arrested and Micky's hand is hurt. Dicky is arraigned on muliple charges while Micky is released, his right hand in a cast. Dicky is sent to jail and is walked to his cell to the chants of the other prisoners. Micky is depressed and tells Charlene he is finished fighting, but she convinces him to meet a new manager. Dicky is in his cell and goes through the DT's as he withdraws from his drug addiction. Micky works as a roofer, his hand heals. Dicky is feted as the guest of honour at a prison showing of the HBO special. It turns out the documentary "Crack in America" is about him as a pathetic drug addict and not as a plucky boxer striving for a comeback. Micky phones his ex-wife to not let his daughter watch the show about her uncle but the ex gleefully allows Kasie to see the grim story unfold on the screen. At the Ward/Eklund house the family are stunned by the show, they don't let Dicky's son watch. It finally hits a nerve with Dicky and he turns off the TV to angry jeers from his fellow inmates. Charlene comes over to Micky's to commiserate. Dicky is depressed. Early the next morning Micky slips out to go to the gym, under O'Keefe's guidance. Music video training montage, Micky trains on the streets, Dicky trains in prison also. O"Keefe introduces Micky to Sal Nanano (Frank Renzulli), the deal is no Dicky no Alice. They will start small, start local. Alice is furious at George for cutting her out as Manager. The seven sisters and Alice pile into a car and head to Charlene's, blaming her for the breakup. As Micky and Charlene engage in loving foreplay the angry women arrive. There's a hair-pulling cat fight on the porch, Micky tells his family to f*** off and slams the door. Micky gets his game face on for his next fight, his robe labelled "Irish Micky Ward". In round 4 he batters his opponent and wins easily. Several more victories follow as Micky is "back in the saddle again". In prison Dicky trains hard himself to stay in shape. Micky visits and they discuss the next fight with the heavily favoured Sanchez, Dicky says Micky is being used as a stepping stone. Micky leaves upset but Dicky gives him parting advice to hit to the body with his left. Alfonso Sanchez from Mexico is undefeated and highly touted on HBO. The fight starts and Sanchez hits Micky hard. After five rounds everyone thinks the fight should be stopped. By the eighth round the beating continues and Micky is dropped but manages to get up. Alice describes the action to Dicky over the phone. Suddenly Micky lands a heavy kidney shot with his left and Sanchez drops like he was shot, Micky wins! In the locker room eveyone is jubilant. Sal comes in with big time promoter Mike Toma who says Micky has earned a title shot and congratulates him on his strategy. Dicky is released from prison and meets his son and Alice outside the gates. They go to the gym to see Micky training. The welcomes are initially warm and friendly, the seven sisters arrive with a cake. Then an argument starts, Charlene and O'Keefe demand Dicky leave, Alice and Dicky say Micky needs them. Micky wants them all to get along but Charlene and O'Keefe storm out. Then, in sparring Micky brutally knocks Dicky to the mat, as Alice comes to his aid Micky cries out that Dicky has always been the mother's favourite. Dicky walks away with the cake, he approaches the green crack house with his old drug buddies gathered outside. They greet him and expect a return to old times but Dicky pauses, gives them the cake and moves on. He goes to Charlene's house to talk. She fills the air with expletives to get him to leave but finally agrees to talk. Dicky acknowledges they hate each other but Micky needs them both, Charlene finally begrudgingly agrees. Micky shows up and hugs Charlene as Dicky continues walking away down the street. Now the two brothers train well together as Dicky pushes Micky hard. The family is in London for the weigh-in for the big WBU welterweight title fight with Shea Neary. The undefeated Neary and his manager diss Micky and his abilities at the press conference, Micky glowers at them but doesn't return the trash talk. Micky enters the arena to the crowd boos Dicky singing along and pumping up his younger brother. Neary follows to the cheers of his adoring home crowd. In the ring Neary starts fast and batters Micky, who covers up and absorbs the punishment. In the 7th round Micky is knocked to the canvas but gets up at the bell and Dicky revives him in the corner. Dicky gives him a motivational speech to push him to do better than he ever did. A determined Micky gets up and starts taking the battle to Neary. The two men trade punches, finally Micky connects and down goes Neary! He gets up but again is quickly knocked down, Micky wins by TKO! The crowd is stunned as Micky's entourage celebrate. Back on the sofa in front of the camera, Dicky proudly talks about his kid brother Micky, sitting beside him.
tt0107207
Biography,Drama
Story of Gerry Conlon, purported ringleader of the Guildford Four, a group of three Irishmen and one English woman wrongly imprisoned for the 1974 IRA bombing of a pub in Guildford, England, that left five people dead. Conlon's father Guiseppe was subsequently imprisoned along with six other Conlon relatives who became known as the Maguire Seven. ===================================== The story opens with a flash-forward to the bombing of a pub in the Guildford suburb of London. The pub, frequented by British soldiers, was targeted by the Irish Republican Army (IRA) as an act of terrorism. A woman driving a car listens to a cassette recording of Gerry Conlon, a Northern Irish political prisoner. Gerry speaks of his younger years living in Belfast where he'd steal lead sheets from the roofs of row houses & sell them. One day, while holding a piece of piping, he's shot at by British soldiers who mistake him for a sniper, believing the pipe is a rifle. Gerry runs into the streets and through several homes while being chased. He inadvertently starts a small riot and joins the mob throwing rocks and Molotov cocktails. Members of the IRA, who'd been using one of the houses Gerry runs through as a munitions cache, find Gerry and threaten to shoot him in the leg. Gerry's father, Giuseppe, told by his daughters that their brother is in trouble, rushes to the scene and talks to the IRA leader, who tells Giuseppe that they are just trying to scare Gerry into behaving. Giuseppe decides to send Gerry by boat to London in the hopes that he'll find work & avoid the Troubles in Belfast. On the boat to London, Gerry meets his friend Paul Hill. The two arrive in London & go immediately to a squatter's house where their friend Patrick Armstrong lives with a small group of hippies. Gerry and Paul also visit the home of his aunt, Annie MaGuire. Gerry and Paul seem to enjoy their time in London until one day one of Patrick's British friends, Jim, acts hostile toward them & they decide to leave the squat. They wander through London, finally settling on a bench in a park where they're accosted by a homeless man, Charlie Burke, who's carved his initials into the bench. Charlie is Irish and they talk for a time. Paul and Gerry continue to walk through London until they pass the house of a prostitute. She refuses to talk to them when they try to return the wallet she drops. Gerry walks into her unlocked apartment and finds a stash of money in her bedroom. Gerry takes the money and the two spend the night in a hotel. In Guilford, the bomb goes off in the soldier's pub, killing five people, four of whom are in the military. The British police begin to hunt for suspects. Not long before, legislation, the Prevention of Terrorism Act, is passed in Parliament that allows the British police to hold potential suspects for seven days before they are formally charged. Gerry returns to Belfast and rejoins his family. In London, Jim, who'd been hostile to Gerry and Paul talks to the police and identifies the two as troublemakers. Paul, who'd remained in London, is arrested & Gerry recognizes him on TV by his shoes. A few days later the Brits invade the Conlon home and arrest Gerry, taking him back to London. Gerry is held without formal charges and is tortured and interrogated, being kept awake for seven days straight. He is beaten severely and forced to look at the forensic photos of the victims. His interrogators also tell him that his aunt Annie is being charged as well with bombmaking, operating out of her home. Eventually, Paul is brought to Gerry, having confessed himself, and he tells Gerry to do the same. Gerry still refuses to cooperate until one of the policemen threatens to kill his father. Gerry relents and signs his name to a false statement of confession to the bombings. Gerry and Paul, Paddy Armstrong and their friend Carole Richardson, known collectively as the Guildford Four, are charged with the bombings. While in a processing facility awaiting trial, Gerry's father is also brought in, accused of being part of the bombmaking conspiracy involving Annie Maguire. Giuseppe talks to Gerry, who feels that his rough relationship with his father turned him to thievery and that he was destined to get into trouble like this. Gerry has a minor, brief breakdown but his father is able to calm him. The trial begins under heavy security. The prosecution contends that Gerry, Paul, Patrick and Carole committed the bombings, however solid evidence is lacking and they only have the confessions made by the accused, which the police commissioner, Dickson, claims were not obtained under duress. Annie Maguire & her family are accused of bombmaking, a group that includes her youngest son, who was also beaten into confessing. On the witness stand, Gerry admits that he robbed the hooker's home and that he & Paul met Charlie Burke in the park. The prosecution claims no knowledge of Burke's existence. The trial ends with the Guilford Four being found guilty. All are given lengthy sentences, Gerry's is a minimum of 30 years. The judge makes a point of stating that he'd give Gerry the death penalty for treason if Gerry had been so accused. Giuseppe is also sentenced to 15 years for smuggling explosives to Annie Maguire. Gerry himself develops an intense hatred for lawyers. In voiceover we hear Gerry speaking on the tapes that he's made up for an attorney named Gareth Peirce. She goes to the park where Paul and Gerry met Charlie Burke & even finds his name carved into the bench. Giuseppe & Gerry are sent to Park Royal, a maximum security prison. Barker, the prison's warder, makes Gerry & his father wear blue outfits with yellow stripes, branding them as the worst criminal population. The prison is mostly inhabited by English convicts and any Irish prisoners are ostracized and persecuted. Gerry falls in with a small group of Jamaicans who have a large supply of LSD disguised as a jigsaw puzzle. Gerry spends time getting stoned with them but his father disapproves. Gerry promises to stay off the drugs, even after Giuseppe dies. Gerry meets another Irish convict named Joe McAndrews. Joe reveals that he and his people were responsible for the Guilford Pub bombings and for smuggling the explosives used in the attack. McAndrews informs the police that they're holding innocent people for the crime but British police still refuse to let them out. McAndrews is shunned and persecuted like every other Irish prisoner, even starting a fight with the minions of a hulking Brit named Ronnie Smalls. McAndrews threatens to kill Smalls' family since he knows their address. Smalls backs off. McAndrews and Gerry also stage a protest to call attention to the Conlons' innocence, seizing control of the cellblock for a brief period until Barker sends in a riot squad to retake the prison by violent force. After the seizure is quelled, during a screening of The Godfather for the prison population, McAndrews sprays Barker with lighter fluid and sets him aflame. Gerry, shocked by the horror of McAndrews' violent methods, separates himself from his fellow countryman. McAndrews is remanded to a different prison. Gareth Peirce becomes the Conlons' attorney through Gerry's mother's influence. Gerry instantly dislikes Gareth but is gradually convinced she means to help him and his father. A campaign to prove the innocence of the Conlons & the Guildford Four and the Maguire Seven begins to gain popularity. Giuseppe, despite increasingly debilitating respiratory problems, manages some of the campaign from his and Gerry's cell. After the burning of Barker, Gerry tells his father he'll help with the campaign. Peirce gives Gerry a tape recorder and tells him to recount every detail of his life. One night Gerry notices his father has stopped breathing. He's able to revive Giuseppe long enough to have him transported out of the prison for medical care, however, Gerry is not permitted to accompany his father. A priest later visits Gerry to tell him that his father died. Gerry continues to meet with Peirce, developing a tremendous amount of trust for her. He continues Giuseppe's campaign work in earnest. The British government tries to transfer him to a Scottish prison to prevent him from working the campaign and meeting with Peirce but the effort fails. Peirce reviews the judiciary files of the Conlons court case. She's only allowed to view Giuseppe's files on the orders of Dickson. One day she visits the court archives and inadvertently passes a nasty cold on to the court clerk. A few days later she visits the archives again and finds a man substituting for the clerk. The man behind the counter asks Peirce if she wants the files for either Giuseppe or Gerry Conlon. Peirce seizes the opportunity to view Gerry's files and finds a folder containing the statement made by Charlie Burke that could vindicate Gerry himself. Attached to the statement is a handwritten note from Dickson himself that reads "Not to be shown to the defence". Peirce steals the file and begins to build a new case and trial for Gerry and the members of the Guilford Four. The Four are brought back to London. Gareth leads their defense and, following an impassioned recounting of the sentences handed down to the Four and Annie Maguire's family, presents Charlie Burke's statement to the court. She accuses Dickson openly of destroying the lives of the defendants and of their complicity in the death of Giuseppe Conlon. The judge calls for order and reviews the evidence and declares that the Four are innocent and free to go. However, the judge refuses to charge Dickson or his accomplices with any misconduct and also does not declare the late Giuseppe innocent. Gerry and Paul refuse to be escorted from the building by the bailiffs. Gerry, standing with his family, makes a statement to the media in front of the court building saying he'll carry on the campaign to clear his father's name.
tt0086879
Biography,Drama,History
The story begins in 1823 as the elderly Salieri attempts suicide by slitting his throat while loudly begging forgiveness for having killed Mozart in 1791. Placed in a lunatic asylum for the act, Salieri is visited by a young priest who seeks to take his confession. Salieri is sullen and uninterested but eventually warms to the priest and launches into a long "confession" about his relationship with Mozart. Salieri's tale goes on through the night and into the next day. He reminisces about his youth, particularly about his devotion to God and his love for music and how he pledges to God to remain celibate as a sacrifice if he can somehow devote his life to music. He describes how his father's plans for him were to go into commerce, but suggests that the sudden death of his father, who choked to death during a meal, was "a miracle" that allowed him to pursue a career in music. In his narrative, he is suddenly an adult joining the 18th century cultural elite in Vienna, the "city of musicians." Salieri begins his career as a devout, God-fearing man who believes his success and talent as a composer are Gods rewards for his piety. He is content as the court composer for Holy Roman Emperor Joseph II. Mozart arrives in Vienna with his patron, Count Hieronymus von Colloredo, the Prince-Archbishop of Salzburg. Salieri secretly observes Mozart at the Archbishop's palace, but they are not properly introduced. Salieri sees that offstage, Mozart is irreverent and lewd. He also first recognizes the immense talent displayed in the adult works of Mozart. In 1781, when Mozart meets the Emperor, Salieri presents Mozart with a "March of Welcome," which he toiled to create. After hearing the march only once, Mozart plays it from memory, critiques it, and effortlessly improvises a variation, transforming Salieri's "trifle" into the "Non pi andrai" march from his 1786 opera The Marriage of Figaro. Salieri reels at the notion of God speaking through the childish, petulant Mozart: nevertheless, he regards his music as miraculous. Gradually, Salieris faith is shaken. He believes that God, through Mozart's genius, is cruelly laughing at Salieri's own musical mediocrity. Salieri's struggles with God are intercut with scenes showing Mozart's own trials and tribulations with life in Vienna: pride at the initial reception of his music; anger and disbelief over his subsequent treatment by the Italians of the Emperor's court; happiness with his wife Constanze and his son Karl; and grief at the death of his father Leopold. Mozart becomes more desperate as the family's expenses increase and his commissions decrease. When Salieri learns of Mozart's financial straits, he sees his chance to avenge himself, using "God's Beloved" (the literal meaning of "Amadeus") as the instrument. Salieri hatches a complex plot to gain ultimate victory over Mozart and God. He disguises himself in a mask and costume similar to one he saw Leopold wear at a party, and commissions Mozart to write a requiem mass, giving him a down payment and the promise of an enormous sum upon completion. Mozart begins to write the piece, the Requiem Mass in D minor, unaware of the true identity of his mysterious patron and oblivious of his murderous intentions. Glossing over any details of how he might commit the murder, Salieri dwells on the anticipation of the admiration of his peers and the court, when they applaud the magnificent Requiem, and he claims to be the music's composer. Only Salieri and God would know the truththat Mozart wrote his own requiem mass, and that God could only watch while Salieri finally receives the fame and renown he deserves. Mozart's financial situation worsens and the composing demands of the Requiem and The Magic Flute drive him to the point of exhaustion as he alternates work between the two pieces. Constanze leaves him and takes their son with her. His health worsens and he collapses during the premiere performance of The Magic Flute. Salieri takes the stricken Mozart home and convinces him to work on the Requiem. Mozart dictates while Salieri transcribes throughout the night. When Constanze returns in the morning, she tells Salieri to leave. Constanze locks the manuscript away despite Salieri's objections, but as she goes to wake her husband, Mozart is dead. The Requiem is left unfinished, and Salieri is left powerless as Mozart's body is hauled out of Vienna for burial in a pauper's mass grave. The film ends as Salieri finishes recounting his story to the visibly shaken young priest. Salieri concludes that God killed Mozart rather than allow Salieri to share in even an ounce of his glory, and that he is consigned to be the "patron saint of mediocrity." Salieri absolves the priest of his own mediocrity and blesses his fellow patients as he is taken away in his wheelchair. The last sound heard before the credits roll is Mozart's high-pitched laughter.
tt1596346
Biography,Drama,Family
In 2003, teenager Bethany Hamilton (AnnaSophia Robb) lives in Kauai, Hawaii with her parents Tom (Dennis Quaid) and Cheri (Helen Hunt), and two brothers, Noah (Ross Thomas) and Timmy (Chris Brochu). All are surfers, but she and her best friend Alana Blanchard (Lorraine Nicholson) have grown up with a passion for the sport and enter a competition. Her church youth ministry leader, Sarah Hill (Carrie Underwood), is disappointed when she has to withdraw from a planned missions trip because of the contest. Bethany and Alana place first and third, respectively, while the second place winner, Malina Birch (Sonya Balmores), proves to be resentful. Bethany invites both girls up on the winner's box with her, but Malina ungraciously refuses. The Rip Curl surfwear company offers to sponsor her and Alana in competition. The night before Halloween, Alana and Bethany sneak off with some friends to go surfing. Later while Tom goes to the hospital for knee surgery, both girls go surfing with Alana's father Holt (Kevin Sorbo) and brother Byron (Jeremy Sumpter). As Bethany dangles her left arm in the water, a tiger shark appears out of nowhere and sinks its teeth into it, biting it off near the shoulder. Holt gets Bethany out of the water and puts a tourniquet on her while Byron calls 911. An ambulance meets them on the way to the hospital. Just before starting Tom's knee surgery, Dr. David Rovinsky (Craig T. Nelson) is called to the emergency room to treat Bethany. Besides losing her left arm, Bethany also lost 60% of her blood and David calls her survival a miracle. Bethany's injury prevents her participating in the Rip Curl photo shoots, but she wishes Alana well. Inside Edition, a television program, offers to provide a prosthetic arm that is cosmetically perfect and has bendable joints, in exchange for an interview. Bethany angrily rejects it when she learns it will not help her surf as it is not weight bearing, due to the size of the stump of her arm. The onslaught of paparazzi also proves to be a great strain on her family and their privacy. The Hamiltons are grateful to Holt for his quick thinking and decisive action that saved her life. Bethany perseveres and, after a recuperation period, gets back in the water and learns to surf with one arm, eventually re-entering the competition. She tells her rival Malina not to take it easy on her, and rejects a five-minute head start offered by the judges. She does not perform well because she cannot stay on the board long enough to go out and catch a competitive wave and Malina wins. Disheartened, she decides to give up competitive surfing. Bethany sees the effects of the 2004 tsunami on television, which places her own problems in perspective. She decides to surprise Sarah by joining the youth group on another mission trip to help the devastated people of Phuket, Thailand. They are understandably afraid of the water, including a little boy. Bethany decides to go into it with a surfboard, hoping this will coax him into it. It works, and the realization that she can use her gift to inspire people motivates her to take up surfing again. Tom rigs a handle on her surfboard which she can use to prevent falling off while paddling out to the waves, which is not prohibited by the competition's rules. He also voices the belief that she possesses a great surfer's instinct for sensing when the best waves will form. She enters the national championship, thanks Malina for treating her as a serious competitor, and performs respectably, though she is still chasing third place. Suddenly, with only minutes left on the clock, the waves die down and all the surfers can only loiter, waiting for the waves to start back up. Tom's belief in his daughter's instinct is proven when she is the only one to sense a big wave forming, and she alone paddles out. When it forms, the others cannot get out in time and she catches it just as the horn sounds. If it is in time, she will win, but the judges rule that the time has expired. Malina is the winner, but she has finally gotten over her differences with her, inviting her up on the platform to share first place. Subsequently, Bethany lets the reporters interview her. One asks her what she would do if given the chance to undo the loss of her arm. She says that she would still lose it because she can embrace more people now than she ever could with both. The film ends with real video of Bethany surfing after the attack. Also showing video of interviews and special appearances that she has made.
tt0172493
Biography,Drama
"Maybe I really was crazy. Maybe it was the 60's. Or maybe I was just a girl... interrupted." Susanna is a young woman of eighteen, and her life isn't exactly what a "normal' eighteen-year-old's is suppose to be like. To her, any kind of sex is casual, and it doesn't matter who she does it with or when, as long as she gets it. At graduation she falls asleep, proving she has little interest for the norms of prize-givings or anything to do with what's accepted by society. At her father's birthday party she is under dressed and is of course moaned at by her hypocritical mother. Here we learn that her parent's friends are just as false as what is accepted by everyone. And then it becomes clear that Susanna has been sleeping with her mother's friend's husband. This drives her to try to commit suicide with aspirin and a bottle of vodka to get it all down. At the E.R. she claims that she doesn't have bones in her wrists anymore, and tells the psychiatrist at home that the bones grew back by the time she got to the hospital. So she is shipped off to a local mental institution and put in the ward for women only. Here she meets a multitude of people who really do have problems: an anorexic, a girl who burned herself as a child, a lesbian (at the time was thought of as a mental disorder), a bulimic, and her roommate, a compulsive liar, to top it all off. The ward is run by Nurse Valerie Owens, who is very clever, but is unable to become a doctor due to her race. All the nursing staff and the patients are kept marginally sane by Valerie, and she and Susanna have a complex relationship. Susanna is questionably diagnosed with having a Borderline Personality Disorder. Things really get started when the sociopath run away patient, Lisa, returns to the ward and turns Susanna's world upside down and inside out. She is a force to be reckoned with---she is magnetic, rebellious, doesn't take her meds and is unhealthy for the other patients as she breaks down their self-esteem regularly. Due to the fact that her last best friend, Jamie, couldn't hack it when she ran away, Lisa befriends Susanna and together they start a world of trouble. Susanna keeps a diary of all her thoughts and feelings, illustrating in it too, and telling the tale of her stay through her daily entries. Her ex fling, Toby, comes to visit her and she very nearly tries to have sex with him in her room. He tells her he wants them to run away to Canada together so that he doesn't have to go to Vietnam. He tells her she isn't crazy and that the girls in the asylum aren't really her friends. But she refuses to go with him, subconsciously beginning to rely on Lisa. Then she meets the head psychiatrist, Dr. Sonia Wick, and claims she is ambivalent, saying it means she doesn't care. But Dr. Wick sees through this mask and decides to have Susanna see her from now on. Afterwards Lisa is taken in to see the doc, but doesn't return and Susanna falls into a depression. Nurse Valerie has had enough and throws her into an ice cold bath to wake her. She tells Susanna, after Susanna attacks her verbally and says that she doesn't know what she doing, that she is a spoiled, lazy little girl who is driving herself crazy! And that if Susanna isn't careful she'll throw her life away on some stupid rebellion. That night Lisa breaks into the ward, wild eyed and crazy, and Susanna runs away with her so they can get to Disney Land. There they hook up with hippies and eventually crash at the bulimic, Daisy's, house after bribing her with promises of meds. But all turns bad when Lisa tells Daisy that she is a freak herself and that this apartment is all a mask to hide what's really happening. She breaks Daisy down, finally saying that Daisy probably likes her father molesting her and that it's probably all she's ever known. The next morning Susanna wakes up and goes for a walk, to escape the sound of Lisa's voice and returns to find Daisy playing a record over and over again and Lisa in the kitchen. She goes up the stairs and finds Daisy's wrists slit and she hangs herself in the bathroom. Susanna goes back to the asylum without Lisa, (who runs away again) and starts anew with Dr. Wick and her diary. When she is due to leave, Lisa breaks out of her padded cell and steals Susanna's diary. Beneath the ward in the maze of corridors, Lisa reads the diary aloud and tells the other girls what Susanna thinks of them. Susanna runs away from Lisa when she begins to chase her with a needle filled with a toxic-looking chemical. Susanna breaks her hand while trying to close a sliding metal door on Lisa and then they finally confront each other. Susanna tells Lisa finally that no one cares if she dies because she already is dead and her heart is cold, and that she will start her life again out of this hospital without Lisa and the others. In the morning she is about to leave, but first visits Lisa and talks to her again. Lisa says that she isn't really cold and that she didn't mean to hurt Susanna. When she leaves she says goodbye to all her friends, and gets into the cab saying that being crazy isn't about keeping a secret, it's just about everyone being personified. And by the seventies most of her friends were out of the clinic and leading lives. The girl who was just interrupted by herself and everyone else, is finally recovered from being a supposed "borderline".
tt0758758
Adventure,Biography,Drama
A young man leaves his middle class existence in pursuit of freedom from relationships and obligation. Giving up his home, family, all possessions but the few he carried on his back, and donating all his savings to charity, Christopher McCandless (Emile Hirsch) embarks on a journey throughout America. His eventual aim is to travel into Alaska, into the wild, to spend time with nature, with 'real' existence, away from the trappings of the modern world. In the 20 months leading up to his Great Alaskan Adventure, his travels lead him on a path of self-discovery, to examine and appreciate the world around him and to reflect on and heal from his troubled childhood and parents' sordid and abusive relationship. When he reaches Alaska, he finds he is insufficiently prepared and despite making it through the winter he prepares to return home in spring, only to find the frozen stream he crossed in the snow has become an impassable, raging torrent, and that he is trapped. With no means of sustaining himself adequately, he eventually starves to death in his so-sought-after isolation. Throughout his epic journey the people he meets both influence and are influenced by the person he is and bring him to the final and tragic realization that "Happiness is only real when shared". It must be noted that this is not the true story, it is the synopsis of the film. Any background information on the film or its characters and setting can and should be found in the user comments section of this film. ************************************************************************************************************* In April 1992, Christopher McCandless (Emile Hirsch) arrives in a remote area of the Denali National Park and Preserve in Alaska, and sets up a campsite in an abandoned bus. At first, McCandless is content with the isolation, the beauty of nature, and the thrill of living off the land. He hunts wild animals with a .22-caliber rifle, reads books, and keeps a diary as he prepares for himself a new life in the wild. Two years earlier in May 1990, McCandless graduated with high honors from Emory University. Shortly afterwards, McCandless rejects his conventional life by destroying all of his credit cards and identification documents. He donates nearly his entire savings of $24,000 to Oxfam, and sets out on a cross-country drive in his well-used yet reliable Datsun to experience life in the wilderness. However, McCandless does not tell his parents Walt (William Hurt) and Billie McCandless (Marcia Gay Harden) or his sister Carine (Jena Malone) what he is doing or where he is going, and refuses to keep in touch with them after his departure, leaving them to become increasingly anxious and eventually desperate. At Lake Mead, McCandless' automobile is caught in a flash flood. forcing him to abandon it and begin hitchhiking. He burns what remains of his dwindling cash supply and assumes a new name: Alexander Supertramp. In northern California, McCandless encounters a hippie couple named Jan Burres (Catherine Keener) and Rainey (Brian H. Dierker). Rainey tells McCandless about his failing relationship with Jan, which McCandless would rekindle. By September, McCandless stops in Carthage, South Dakota to work for a contract harvesting company owned by Wayne Westerberg (Vince Vaughn), but he is forced to leave after Westerberg is arrested for satellite piracy. McCandless then travels to the Colorado River and, though he is told by park rangers that he may not kayak down it without a license, he ignores their warnings and paddles downriver until he eventually arrives in Mexico. There, his kayak is lost in a dust storm and he crosses back into the United States on foot. Unable to get a ride, he starts traveling via freight train to Los Angeles. Not long after arriving, however, he starts feeling corrupted by modern civilization and decides to leave. Later, McCandless is forced to switch his traveling method back to hitchhiking after he is beaten by a railroad bull. In December 1991, McCandless arrives at Slab City in the Imperial Valley of California, and encounters Jan and Rainey again. There he meets Tracy Tatro (Kristen Stewart), a teenager who falls for McCandless. After the holidays, McCandless decides to continue heading for Alaska, much to everyone's sadness. While camping near Salton City, California, McCandless encounters Ron Franz (Hal Holbrook), a retiree who recounts the story of the loss of his family in a car accident while he was serving in the army. He now occupies his time in a workshop as an amateur leather worker. Franz teaches McCandless the craft of leatherwork, resulting in the making of a belt that details McCandless' travels. After spending several months with Franz, McCandless decides to leave for Alaska despite the upset of Franz, who has become quite close to McCandless. On parting, Franz gives McCandless his old camping and travel gear along with the offer to adopt him as his grandchild, but McCandless simply tells him that they should discuss it after he returns from Alaska, and then departs. Months later at the abandoned bus, life for McCandless becomes harder and he becomes less discerning. As his supplies begin to run out, he realizes that nature is also harsh and uncaring. In the pain of realization, McCandless concludes that true happiness can only be found when shared with others, and seeks to return from the wild to his friends and family. However, he finds that the stream he had crossed during the winter has become wide, deep, and violent due to the thaw, and he is unable to cross. Saddened, he returns to the bus, now as a prisoner who is no longer in control of his fate and can only hope for help from the outside. In a desperate act, McCandless is forced to gather and eat roots and plants, but he confuses similar plants and becomes ill as a result. Slowly dying, he continues to document his process of self-realization and accepts his fate, as he imagines his family for one last time. He writes a farewell to the world and crawls into his sleeping bag to die. Two weeks later, his body is found by moose hunters. Shortly afterwards, Carine returns her brother's ashes by airplane from Alaska to Virginia in her backpack.
tt0320691
Action,Fantasy,Thriller
Background: 1,400 years ago, Vampires had decided that the best way to ensure the survival of their species was for three Elders--Viktor, Marcus, and Amelia--to 'leap frog' through time, one ruling while the other two slept, each being awakened at their appointed time according to a never-to-be-broken covenant. 1,000 years ago, during the reign of Viktor, the oldest and strongest of the Elders, the Vampire-Lycan War began. 600 years ago, Kraven set the 'great blaze' which killed Lucian, the leader of the Lycans. Kraven brought back a brand cut from Lucian's arm as proof of his death, a deed which earned Kraven high favor with Viktor, who put Kraven in charge of their coven. The great blaze caused the Lycans to scatter. Vampire Death Dealers, armed with silver bullets and shuriken, have been picking Lycans off one by one until very few remain. Present time: Three Death Dealers--Selene, Rigel, and Nathaniel -- follow two Lycans into a subway station in an unnamed European city. A firey gun battle ensues in which Rigel is killed, one of the Lycans gets away, and Nathaniel comes up missing. In the chaos, Selene (Kate Beckinsale) makes two discoveries: 1) the Lycans have devised an ultraviolet bullet that can kill vampires, and 2) there appears to be a large band of Lycans amassing under the subway. Selene hurries back to alert the Vampires at Kraven's luxurious masnion that sits on the outskirts of the city, but they are more interested in the clothes they are going to wear at tonight's formal party with the coven from across the 'great ocean' in celebration of the upcoming awakening of Marcus by Amelia, the current reigning Elder. Not interested in their gaities, Selene views some digital photos Rigel took of the Lycans and notices that they appear to have been following a human. A computer search reveals the human is Michael Corvin (Scott Speedman), an intern at a local hospital. Meanwhile, the wounded Lycan has returned to the Lycan den with the bad news that he lost the candidate he was tailing, as well as to have the silver bullets and stars dug out of his body so that he can regenerate. Selene pays Michael Corvin's apartment a visit. While snooping, she overhears a phone message about his involvement in some "shoot out." Now convinced that she is right about the Lycans stalking Michael, she tries to interrogate him just as his apartment is raided by a pack of Lycans. While Selene holds them off, Michael escapes in the elevator, but the doors open to a face-to-face confrontation with Lucian (Michael Sheen), the current leader of the Lycans. Selene attempts to shoot Lucian, but he is intent on biting Michael and spitting the blood into a vial which he takes to Singe (Erwin Leder), the Lycan doctor who has been researching humans with the last name of Corvin, so far with negative results. He analyzes Michael's blood and pronounces it "positive." Selene and Michael make a getaway together in her car, but Selene has lost a lot of blood in her fight with the Lycans. She passes out, the car leaps into a river. Michael saves her, binds her wound, then passes out himself. When Selene awakens, she takes the unconscious Michael back to the Vampire's mansion, incurring the wrath of Kraven (Shane Brolly), who wants Selene to be his future queen and is jealous that she seems smitten with Michael. When Michael finally comes to, he is face-to-face with fellow vampire Erika (Sophia Myles), who realizes that Michael has been bitten and is becoming Lycan. Erika leaps to the ceiling and starts hissing at him. Terrified, Michael jumps out a window and escapes the Vampire's mansion. Although it is forbidden to delve into the past, Selene decides to do a little reading about the history of the Vampire-Lycan War, particularly the chapter on the Fall of Lucian. She notices that the Lucian in one of the pictures is wearing the same medallion that she noticed the current Lucian wearing during the fight at Michael's apartment. Could he and the Lucian that Kraven supposedly killed 600 years ago be one and the same? Could Kraven and Lucian be conspiring together? Could the fact that the Lycans are amassing near the Vampire coven portend an attack on the Vampires? When Erika informs Selene that Michael has been bitten and is turning Lycan, Selene has heard enough. Against the covenant rules, Selene decides to awaken Viktor and ask for his guidance. Michael has begun having hallucinations and wants to know what is happening to him. Selene takes him to their Lycan interrogation room in the city so that he can hide for the night. She also gives him the good news --he has been bitten by a Lycan, and during the next full moon (tomorrow night), he will turn into one. The hallucinations, she tells him, are memories passed to him from Lucian. When Michael asks Selene why she cares about what's happening to him ("Do you intend to bite me, too?"), Selene explains that the lycan virus and the vampire virus are incompatible and no one has ever survived a bite by both species. When Michael asks her why she hates Lycans so much, she tells him how Lycans slaughtered her entire family and how Viktor arrived just in time to save her from the same fate. Viktor made her vampire and then raised her like his own daughter. Selene then handcuffs Michael to a chair, gives him a gun with silver bullets, and advises him to use it on himself if she isn't back by tomorrow night. After Selene arrives back at the mansion, Viktor (Bill Nighy) has fully awakened and is being briefed by Kraven. When Viktor learns that he's been awakened full century ahead of schedule, he is livid. Not even Selene's attempts to explain her findings appease him. In fact, Viktor basically tells Selene to let Kraven handle this and that she will be judged by the council for breaking the covenant. Kraven locks Selene in her room. The next night, it is the night of the full moon. It is time for Amelia's train to arrive, and Kraven has ordered Soren (Scott McElry) and his team to fetch her and the council members. Erika, who has wanted to be Kraven's mate for a long time, cuts the power to the main gate, allowing Selene to run to Michael. Selene releases Michael, but they are attacked by Lycans. Selene stays to fight while Michael jumps out a window. When Michael lands on his feet some five or six stories below, he is immediately captured by Lycans posing as cops. On the way to the Lycan den, Michael begins the change. The Lycans pull over, and they dose Michael with an enzyme to stop the change. Selene has captured Singe and brings him to Viktor where Singe is forced to explain how, for years, the Lycans have been trying to combine the blood lines. They've been testing descendents of Alexander Corvinus, a 5th century Hungarian warlord who was the sole survivor of a plague that ravaged his village and turned him into the first immortal. From Corvinus's offspring, one became the Vampire line, one became the Lycan line, and one remained human but carried the imprint of the original immortality virus hidden in its genetic code in dormant form and passed down through the ages to Michael Corvin. Lucian plans to inject himself with blood taken from Michael and from a powerful Vampire elder, creating a hybrid--both Lycan and Vampire--but stronger than both. Concerned that Amelia has not yet arrived, a group of Vampires are sent to find out what's taking so long. They find that Amelia and the council members have all been assassinated, having been bitten by Lycans. In addition, Amelia's blood has been totally drained. When Viktor finds out, he orders Selene to kill Michael. Meanwhile, Michael is being held at the Lycan den, where his visions have suddenly become clear and he now knows what started the Vampire-Lycan war. Many years ago, Lycans were the Renfields for Vampires, but it was forbidden for Vampires and Lycans to fraternize. Lucian and Viktor's daughter Sonja fell in love and mated, creating a hybrid child that Viktor would not allow, so he (Viktor) placed Sonja, his own daughter in the sun where she burnt to a crisp while Lucian was made to watch--'His own daughter burnt alive just for loving me,' says Lucian poignantly--and Viktor has spent the last 600 years exterminating the Lycan species so the bloodlines will never blend. Kraven knows he's been found out. He was indeed in league with Lucian. Together, they planned Lucian's 'death' 600 years ago so that Lucian could lay low. Now the agreement is for Kraven to gain control of both covens by obtaining an ironclad peace treaty with the Lycans, while Lucian gets revenge on Viktor. Time to knock off a few main characters. The Vampires, along with Selene, Kahn, and Viktor storm the Lycan den in a climatic battle. Kraven shoots Lucian with a silver nitrate bullet (The silver is in liquid form so that it will go directly into the Lycans' bloodstreams and cannot be dug out). When Michael tries to escape, he is also shot by Kraven. As Michael lays oozing silver nitrate from his wounds, Kraven tells Selene the true story about her 'dark father,' Viktor. Her family wasn't killed by Lycans but by Viktor himself. Seems he didn't like the taste of livestock very much, so once in a while he would engorge himself on human blood. Since Selene reminded him of Sonja, he spared her and raised her as his own. Selene is stunned. When Kraven demands that Selene go with him, she refuses. As he's about to shoot Michael again, the dying Lucian runs a sword through Kraven's leg and tells Selene to bite Michael. "Half vampire, half lycan -- they're stronger than both." Selene does it. Kraven finishes off Lucian. Michael turns into a hybrid (Lycampire or Vampthrope?) and, after Michael and Viktor tussle a bit, Selene cuts off Viktor's head. Selene flees the scene of the battle, and is now to become the hunted by both her people and the Lycans. [Original synopsis by bj_kuehl] [Edited by azooty]
tt0110116
Biography,Drama,Music
Warning: This movie is extraordinarily susceptible to being spoiled. It is very similar to Citizen Kane in this regard. Please consider not reading past the 15th paragraph (there will be a warning) until you have seen the movie. Immortal Beloved is a biographical account of Ludwig van Beethoven's (Gary Oldman) life and loves, in the form of a fictionalized treatment of an enigmatic letter to his "immortal beloved" that was found after his death. (The letter, the mystery about the addressee's identity, and a great many other aspects of Beethoven's life, are treated reasonably authentically in the movie. But the identity of the "immortal beloved" indicated in the movie should be regarded as fictional.) The movie is structured like Citizen Kane---a mystery is revealed upon Beethoven's death, and the movie is a long series of flashbacks through Beethoven's life as his secretary and confidant Anton Schindler (Jeroen Krabb) scours the countryside attempting to solve the matter. The mystery is the discovery of an unofficial will found among Beethoven's papers upon his death, bequeathing all his property to an unnamed "immortal beloved", along with a passionate love letter to her. Schindler vows to find out who she was, and thus carry out Beethoven's last wish, keenly aware of how society had failed Beethoven throughout his life. He is opposed in this by Beethoven's surviving brother Johann (Gerard Horan) and Johann's wife Therese (Alexandra Pigg), who feel that the estate should be theirs, based on an earlier official will, and as compensation for the abuse they endured from Ludwig. Schindler (Anton Schindler really was Beethoven's secretary and assistant, and apparently really was as sycophantic in real life as his depiction in the movie) sets out for the hotel in Karlsbad where the letter was sent. During this journey, a voice-over recites part of the letter, while the slow 2nd movement of Beethoven's 5th ("Emperor") piano concerto plays. The letter explains his ardent love for this woman, while explaining that he has been delayed, by a serious coach breakdown, from seeing her. The proprietress, Frau Streicher (Miriam Margolyes), tells him that Beethoven had indeed come there many years before to stay with a woman who had checked in earlier. This woman did not give her name, and covered herself in a veil at all times. A letter from Beethoven arrived, and she took it to the room, along with a meal, after opening it to find out what room it should go to---"Immortal beloved" was not an adequate address. The woman apparently did not like the letter, because she checked out shortly thereafter. Then Beethoven arrived, saw that the woman had left, and went on a rampage, destroying furniture and breaking a window. An extensive search of the hotel's past registry books yields the page on which the woman signed in, but the name is illegible. Frau Streicher lets Schindler tear out the page and take it with him. Schindler then goes to see various women who were known to have been personally involved with Beethoven, beginning with Giulietta Guicciardi (Valeria Golino). She tells Schindler of her fascination with Beethoven, her desire to marry him, and his rather eccentric and boorish behavior. Because Beethoven was rumored to be extremely shy about performing on the piano (the real reason was his approaching deafness) she arranges to have a very new and expensive piano brought to the house, and she tells Beethoven that everyone will be away and he can try it out. He does so, playing the Moonlight Sonata while his head is pressed against the top of the piano so that he can hear it as well as possible. Giulietta, along with her father (Luigi Diberti), have been hiding an an adjacent room. She is so moved by his playing that she comes out of hiding, walks up to Beethoven without his seeing her, and touches him. Beethoven recoils in horror, shouting "It is terrible to rob me in this way of my most treasured feelings". It soon becomes clear to Giulietta and her father that Beethoven is deaf. Shortly afterwards, Giulietta married Count Gallenburg, another composer. Schindler returns to Vienna and runs into Ludwig's brother Johann, who reminds him that Ludwig cared only for himself, and wanted to control other people to keep them serving him. As a case in point, when the third brother Caspar (Christopher Fulford) (who had died earlier) was to marry Johanna Reiss (Johanna ter Steege), Ludwig expressed his strong disdain for the union, making extremely crude statements: "By all means, copulate with her. But marriage? Every farmhand in the region has enjoyed her for free. Why should you pay more?" Just after the marriage, Ludwig sends the police to their apartment, confronting them in bed and commanding the police to "Arrest that whore". Caspar shows the marriage license, and also explains that Johanna is pregnant. Ludwig becomes bitterly estranged from Caspar and Johanna for years after that. Johann explains to Schindler that Ludwig was just as strongly opposed to his own marriage to Therese, and just as abusive to them. Schindler's travels then take him to Hungary for a meeting with Countess Anna Marie Erdody (Isabella Rossellini), who fills in a lot more of the history. She had been present during the disastrous premiere of the Emperor Concerto, in which Beethoven's deafness made him unable to keep the orchestra together, and hence the world first truly learned of his malady. Anna took him in at her palace, and they lived together for a few years. She said that those were probably the happiest years of both of their lives, that she loved him, but that Beethoven did not seem to truly love her. These years included the horrifying siege of Vienna by Napoleon's troops, during which one of Anna's three children was killed. Schindler himself takes up the flashback narrative at this point, continuing his conversation with Countess Erdody. He describes how he, as a budding violinist, first met Beethoven at a rehearsal of the "Kreutzer" sonata. And how Beethoven explained his ideas of the meaning of music, and that this particular piece is about a person trying to reach his lover by coach, but the coach broke down in bad weather, causing great despair. Schindler did not realize at the time that this was what would be described in the "immortal beloved" letter. During this period, Beethoven became convinced that his brother Caspar had taken some of his manuscripts, and went to confront him. They hadn't spoken in 8 years, and things started off well, until Ludwig started forcibly going through Caspar's papers, and also referring to Johanna as "this foul slut you call a wife." A violent fight ensues, to the horror of Schindler, Johanna, and their 8-year-old son Karl (Matthew North). When Ludwig leaves, Caspar is profusely coughing up blood, and in fact dies a few months later. At the interment, Ludwig remarks to Shindler that Johanna seems to be seeing another man already. "My brother's bed is not yet cold and he is climbing in." Ludwig then takes legal action against Johanna, to take custody of Karl, on the grounds that she is of low moral character. Just before the police take Karl away, Johanna tells Karl not to believe anything that Ludwig says about her; it is all lies. Karl stays with Ludwig, who plans to make Karl into a great pianist. Ludwig relates to Karl that his own father had tried, unssuccessfully, to do the same with him, to make him the new Mozart. After Ludwig had failed at this, the flashback shows his father administering a brutal thrashing, and strongly suggesting that Ludwig's hearing loss had been caused by this. A further legal battle ensues because Ludwig suspects that Johanna is bribing people to allow her to visit Karl in secret. There is a highly public trial, and Beethoven even bribes Metternich (Barry Humphries), by promising to write an oratorio for him, a promise that he never kept. Metternich intercedes on Beethoven's behalf, and he wins the case. Beethoven's squalid living style and generally disagreeable character are depicted at length. Karl, a young adult at this point (Marco Hofschneider), had been scheduled by Ludwig to give a public piano recital, and he tells Schindler that he is "at the end of his tether." He knows that he is a very mediocre pianist, but Ludwig, due to his deafness, can not, or will not, accept that. He also relates Ludwig's increasingly bizarre behavior, including incessantly singing some tune, claiming that is the motif of a grand symphony. Karl sings it (badly)---it's the main choral theme (Ode to Joy) of the 9th symphony. Schindler and Karl both go to Ludwig to talk him out of his plan. Beethoven verbally abuses Schindler, telling him to get out. Karl, truly at the end of his tether at this point, takes a dueling pistol and attempts to kill himself. He is a very bad shot, and injures himself but does not die. He is taken to his mother's upholstery shop. Beethoven and Schindler both go there. Karl writes to Beethoven (everyone was communicating with him by writing in notebooks or on small slates) "Never show your face to me again". Ludwig's desolation is complete. He is universally despised for what he had driven Karl to. He is shown being physically abused on the street by young hooligans, who beat him senseless. The scene ends with him lying unconscious in the street. WARNING: SPOILER COMING UP. The biographical flashbacks end. Schindler explains to Countess Erdody his reason for the visit; he needs to know who was the "immortal beloved" in the letter. The Countess says "The letter was not written to me." "Then who?" "It was she who came between us. He could not forget her." "Who is she?" "The answer was always in front of you." She tells him, off camera, who she was. He gets into his coach, not knowing what to do. She says "Go to her". Schindler is then seen entering Johanna Reiss's upholstery shop. He asks to speak to her in private. She is quite cold to him, but he implores her. They go upstairs. He asks to see a sample of her handwriting. She continues to be hostile, but he persuades her. He then brings out the page from the hotel register and sees that the handwriting matches. She demands to know what that page is. "A page from a hotel registry in Karlsbad, signed by you. Did you ever meet Ludwig in Karlsbad?" "You can hardly be unaware of the manner in which I suffered at his hands. I find the question as insulting as it is impudent. What are you implying?" Her hostility eventually subsides, and she explains that she had made peace with him, in her own mind, because of the Ode to Joy (9th Symphony.) "I could not hate the man who could write such music." The final three flashbacks follow. The first is the premiere performance of the 9th Symphony. Beethoven walks up on stage at some point (another conductor was at the podium), and stares blankly at the musicians, being unable to hear the performance. He becomes lost in a personal reverie. He is hearing the Ode to Joy in is mind during this. He recalls an incident as a child when he ran away from his violently abusive father. He runs through the woods while the 9th Symphony plays. (This scene solves the problem of depicting Beethoven's deafness while treating the audience to his music. He can't hear the concert, but the Symphony is played as he runs through the woods in his fantasy.) He finally reaches a small pond, and, just at the big crescendo of the Ode to Joy, lies down in the water and is shown in a cosmic oneness with the heavens. At the end of the cosmic scene, we are brought back to the concert hall. The Symphony has ended, though Beethoven doesn't realize it. The sound track has been turned off to depict his deafness. The audience is silently applauding, but Beethoven doesn't see them. Then the conductor turns Beethoven around, so he can see the audience, who leap to their feet with loud and thunderous applause. In the second of the final flashbacks, Johanna visits Beethoven on his deathbed, and he writes out a document transferring guardianship of Karl back to her. They hold hands briefly in apparent awareness of their lost love. Finally, Johanna tells Schindler "Yes, I once loved him. But he turned his back on me. I never heard a word from him. I was a fool. I never meant anything to him." "But, the letter." "What letter?" After a long pause, Schindler realizes that she never saw the letter. He gives it to her. Schindler leaves, and we see her sobbing in the window as she reads Beethoven's letter to his immortal beloved. The slow movement of the Emperor Concerto is played one last time, with one last narration of the letter. The final flashback shows what had happened. My angel, my all, my other self ... If we could be united, we would feel this pain no longer ... Soon, we shall live together, and what a life it will be. All the time that Caspar was courting her, she was actually sleeping with Ludwig. He comes to visit Johanna at her upholstery shop. She is afraid that Caspar will catch them. He says that he can no longer skulk around like a guilty schoolboy. They agree to meet at a hotel in Karlsbad. She tells him that she is carrying his child. (That would be Karl!) She arrives at the hotel, but, because of a terrible storm, Beethoven is delayed. It is at this point that he writes the letter, and sends it on ahead of him. The journey was dreadful ... The coach had to go and break down on such a terrible road for no reason ... and now I am held up completely. The letter arrives, and Frau Streicher places it on a food tray, but nearly hidden under a plate of pastry. I have to see you ... However much you love me, I love you more. Johanna takes the lid off a tureen of not-very-appetizing stew, and becomes nauseous. (She is presumably experiencing morning sickness.) Because of that, the terrible storm, and the belief that Beethoven has stood her up, she despairs of the situation and checks out. She never sees the letter. I must go to sleep now. Be calm, love. Today, yesterday. What longing with tears for you. Beethoven arrives, sees that she has left, and goes on a destructive rampage. He then picks up the letter from the floor, not knowing that it had been nearly hidden. Since it had been opened, he assumes that she had read it and spurned him. While still in my bed, my thoughts turn to you, my immortal beloved ... I can live only completely with you, or not at all ... You're my life, my everything ... Go on loving me. Ever yours, ever mine, forever. In the final scene, Johanna visits Beethoven's grave, and the music turns from the pathos of the 2nd movement to the triumph of the 3rd.
tt1426329
Biography,Drama
The film's plot is non-linear. This summary is presented in chronological order. In 1970 in Davie, Florida, Linda Boreman and her best friend Patsy go roller skating when they volunteer to dance on stage to the local band at the roller rink. Their dancing attracts the attention of Chuck Traynor, who develops a relationship with Linda. A few weeks, later Linda invites Traynor over for dinner at her parents house where he makes a charming impression on them. However, after Linda breaks a curfew one too many times, she moves out of her fiercely religious parents' house and marries Traynor. During a party, Linda watches one of Traynor's homemade porno films for the first time. Six months later, Linda bails Traynor out of jail after he is arrested for soliciting prostitution. Desperate for money, Traynor forces Linda into prostitution at gunpoint. Shortly afterwards, he has her audition at B&A Films in New York City, where she lands a career after Traynor shows producers Nat Laurendi and Anthony Romano an 8mm film of her doing fellatio. Linda travels back to Florida and begins work on the film Deep Throat, where she first uses her stage name Linda Lovelace. Upon release in 1972, Deep Throat becomes a hit among viewers and critics, raking in over $30,000 in the box office on its first week. During a private screening of the film in Los Angeles, Hugh Hefner convinces Linda that she has the potential to be more than a porn actress. Following the screening, Traynor once again forces Linda at gunpoint to participate in a gang bang at a hotel. The next day, she secretly meets up with Romano and tells him she wants out of the porno business, revealing the facial bruises inflicted by Traynor. Sympathetic to Linda, Romano has her checked in to a hotel while he and his bodyguards whip and beat up Traynor for abusing Linda and for the $25,000 he owes for the production costs. Six years later, following her divorce from Traynor, Linda marries Larry Marchiano and moves to Long Island and has a son with him. She takes a polygraph test prior to publishing her autobiography 'Ordeal', which details her years of Traynor physically and sexually abusing her, as well as controlling all of her earnings. Linda appears on Donahue to talk about her autobiography, with her distraught parents breaking down in tears while watching her on TV. A few days later, the Marcianos travel to Florida for Linda to reconcile with her parents. The film's ending captions reveal that while Deep Throat made over $600 million worldwide, Linda earned only $1,250. 'Ordeal' went on to sell out three printings, and for 20 years, Linda had spoken out against pornography and domestic violence. Traynor went on to marry Marilyn Chambers. Linda died at the age of 53 from injuries sustained in a car accident in 2002. Traynor died from a fatal heart attack three months later.
tt0379725
Biography,Crime,Drama
Reading of the brutal murder of an entire family on a farm in Holcomb, Kansas, startles Truman Capote, a reporter for The New Yorker magazine, and he goes there to cover the story. What he finds is a murder without an identifiable motive, and, shortly thereafter, two men on death row for the murders who couldn't be more different. He befriends Perry, one of the two, and is befuddled to find an erudite, sensitive man, and Capote struggles to understand how such a man could be guilty of such crimes. Still, there is little doubt of Perry's guilt, for Dick, Perry's far less cultivated accomplice,has spoken of the murders in Capote's presence, though not admitting the murders were premeditated, and Perry makes no attempt to deny his participation. Capote is so troubled and fascinated by the murders that he resolves to write a book about the incident. The problem is that the quality of his book will suffer unless he can learn what really happened on the night the crimes took place, as he would be unable to answer the very question that compelled him to devote so much time and effort to studying the murders. Capote grows closer and closer to Perry, and their growing relationship and Capote's obsession with the successful completion of his project appear to motivate his attempt to intervene in the case and delay Perry's execution. In his prison visits to see Perry, he must delude him into believing that he is trying to get him a new trial and a fresh chance at acquittal. In truth, Capote's actions are self-serving, but the result is that he and Perry grow closer, and, eventually, Perry relates what really happened the night of the murders. An armed robbery went wrong, and the murders had been committed in the rage of the moment by Perry, who had been goaded by his accomplice, Dick, to kill all possible witnesses to their crime. Now in possession of the truth, Capote withdraws from the scene, perhaps understanding that the executions will now provide the final chapter of his book. Not long after, Perry and Dick are executed, but Capote has already succeeded in understanding the Holcomb murders, and is ready to write a novel that will be celebrated as a masterpiece.
tt0082783
Biography,Comedy,Drama
In New York City, an actor/playwright agrees to have dinner with a theatre director who he has not seen, literally, for years. He is afraid of meeting with him because of the stories that he has heard about the director sobbing on a sidewalk and talking with trees. Obviously, something terrible had happened to him. He meets with him at an expensive restaurant (he is given a coat and necktie to wear, since he is not dressed appropriately) and waits at the bar for his old friend to arrive. Once Andre arrives, he hugs Wally, who feels that he is really in the theatre now. The staff at the restaurant know Andre well and seat the two immediately at a table that provides a fair amount of privacy. Wally needs help understanding the menu, and Andre, with a sense of humour, helps him with the French cuisine. They both order quail. Over the next 45 minutes or so, Andre tries to explain what has happened in his life. It seems that he has been on a fantastical journey of enlightenment. Wally mostly listens in disbelief. Andre takes the viewer on adventures to the forests of Poland where he worked with a fellow experimental theatre director; to the Sahara with a Tibetan Buddhist monk; to a lush paradise of plants in an inhospitable region in the north of Scotland; to Montauk, Long Island, where he stayed on Richard Avedon's estate and took part in a rebirth ritual. Andre had been involved in breaking free of the habits of mechanical, automatic living. The dinner conversation ends with Wally challenging some of the methods and purpose of Andre's pursuits. He is confused, angry, and feels Andre has wasted years of his life. Wally is a pragmatic rationalist, to assign a label to him. He feels that Andre's magical thinking is ridiculous and can be harmful to both himself and others. As Wally continues to verbally attack his former colleague, he begins to realise how confused he is about the stories that Andre has told him. In confronting his confusion, Wally begins to understand there may be other ways to view the world. There is no resolution in the conversation. As he rides home in a taxi, an indulgence, he reflects on the evening's conversation as the city passes by the window. He recalls various events from his childhood that had taken place in this part of the City; however, he seems to be viewing everything in a slightly different way.
tt0103939
Biography,Comedy,Drama
Chaplin is the story of Charles Chaplin, the famous director and actor that changed film forever. The film starts out with the narrator (played by Anthony Hopkins) and an old Charles Chaplin (played by Robert Downey Jr.) preparing Chaplin's autobiography. This reveals to the audience that the entire movie is the flashbacks of an old Charles Chaplin. Chaplin then recalls the first time he ever participated in show business. We see Chaplins mother, a poor, defeated woman performing in front of a full theatre of army cadets. Within a few minutes, these military men boo her off the stage, and a young, 5 year old Charles Chaplin walks out on the stage. He sang the same song, and the men love it, and are bewildered that a young 5 year old boy could have that much courage. After this, Charles and his mother return home, and the audience sees the poor, wretched lifestyle that this child is subjected to. Charles, his mom, and his brother Sydney settle down to a meal of fish heads. After this, the British police come, and seize young Charlie and Sidney to put them to work in a labor house. The two brothers are separated, and quietly descend into the terrible living conditions of a labor hose. After this, we see a teenage Charles Chaplin out of the labor house being guided by his older brother to a new job in show business. Sydney approaches a wealthy man that he works for, and asks him to hire Charlie as a comedian for a play. The man quickly dismissed the idea, but then Charlie starts performing a wonderful routine of slapstick comedy that wins the man over. Sydney also tells Charlie about the problems regarding their mother, and how the loss of both of her sons drove her to insanity. They discuss which care facility they should place her in and how much it would cost. Chaplin is shown performing numerous times in England, and then he meets a girl named Edna Purviance, an actress that travels with his theatre group. He falls in love with her, and asks her to marry him. She says no, and Chaplin leaves to go to America. While in America, Chaplin receives a job from Mack Sennett, who was known as The King of Comedy. Charlie then spends hours in the dressing room picking out what would be known as his Little Tramp outfit. After Charlie develops this renowned character, he instantly becomes famous. Next, Charlie meets Mildred Harris, a young underage woman who ran away from her home to become an actress. The two get married even through they are not really in love, and it is hinted that the only reason Charlie married her is because he got her pregnant. The two stay together for a while, but eventually divorce. Charlie breaks away from Mack Sennett because of Sennetts demanding wife/co-director, and he leaves with his brother to meet a new financer for his movies. While at this meeting, Charlie meets Lillita McMurray, an actress sitting down eating dinner with her mother. Charlie becomes involved with this woman, and eventually casts her in many of his movies such as The Kid. Then, Chaplin goes on to divorce this woman and marry another woman named Paulette Goddard, who eventually divorces him because of his obsession with the composing of his movies. Chaplin then made enemies with J. Edgar Hoover at a dinner party, and Hoover continually harassed him throughout his life. When Chaplin leaves America to visit London, he is exiled from America by Hoover, for his scandal of having a baby with an underage woman. While in London, Chaplin realizes it is not really his home, that he really belongs nowhere. Charlie traveled to Switzerland with his final wife Oona Chaplin, and together they lived in exile.
tt0082766
Biography,Drama
At the beginning of the film, we see Joan Crawford (Faye Dunaway) as she rises very early in the morning to prepare for a work day at the MGM Studios. She engages in a slightly neurotic morning ritual where she scrubs her face vigorously with soap and hot water, then plunges it immediately into ice with alcohol in it to close the pores. We learn early on that Joan is obsessed with cleanliness and wants those around her to follow her instructions to the letter; when a new maid thinks she has Joan's living room in spotless condition, Joan finds one minute detail that the maid overlooked and momentarily loses her temper over it. She very clearly intimidates the maid, as well her new live-in personal assistant, Carol-Ann (Rutanya Alda). Joan is in a steady romantic relationship with Hollywood lawyer Gregg Savitt (Steve Forrest), but her career is in a bit of a downswing. She reveals to Gregg that what she really wants is a baby, but that she can't get pregnant; no less than seven pregnancies when she was married to actor Franchot Tone all ended in a miscarriage. When she is denied an application for adoption through a legal agency, she enlists Gregg's help to secure a baby through means which are not made clear. Finally Joan gets what she wants; a blonde haired, blue eyed little girl whom she names Christina Crawford. The film moves abruptly to when Christina is approximately eight or nine years old (a plot hole, since Joan Crawford won the Oscar for Mildred Pierce when Christina was six). Joan has adopted another child, a boy she calls Christopher, but the focus of the film remains on Christina (Mara Hobel). Joan lavishes her with attention and luxuries such as an extravagant birthday party, yet enforces a strict code of denial and discipline as well. Joan makes the decision to donate all but one of Christina's birthday presents to an orphanage, making Christina take responsibility for the gesture, which has been documented in the press (presumably garnering publicity for Crawford). As Christina begins to rebel against her mother's stringent demands and standards, a series of confrontations emerges that forms the movie's core. Joan easily overtakes Christina in a swimming pool race, then becomes enraged at the young girl when she reacts with childish disappointment. When Joan discovers Christina putting on makeup at her dressing table and imitating her, Joan takes offense and cruelly hacks off Christina's hair with a pair of scissors. Joan's relationship with Greg abruptly ends after a night at her favorite restaurant because she believes Greg did not use proper protocol of chivalry to escort her in and they were insisted by her shady studio boss, Louis B. Mayer (Howard DaSilva) and other executives to join them for dinner. Joan gets drunk and Greg leaves. Quickly these tantrums grow even more bizarre and violent, as when Joan is asked to leave MGM by studio boss Louis B. Mayer (Howard Da Silva). Presumably later that evening, she flies into a bitter rage and hacks down her prize rose garden with a pair of large gardening shears and an axe, dragging Carol-Ann, Christina, and Christopher into the madness. In the film's most notorious scene, Joan stalks into Christina's bedroom in the middle of the night, her face covered with white beauty cream, and discovers one of the child's fancy dresses hanging on a wire hanger. Joan instantly becomes furious and launches into a frightening tirade, screaming at the girl that she had forbidden wire hangers, viciously tearing apart her closet, and then beating the girl with the hanger. The fight continues when Crawford stumbles into Christina's bathroom and feels that she has not obeyed her orders to scrub the floor that day. Furious that the child doesn't understand her notion of cleanliness, Joan destroys the bathroom as well, beating Christina with two cans of scouring powder and hurling the cleanser over everything. Finally she leaves the girl with an angry order to "clean up this mess" all by herself. Eventually Crawford sends Christina away to attend a boarding school, and the advances to when Christina seems to be about 16. Crawford claims to be losing her financial stability and works out an arrangement that allows Christina (now portrayed by Diana Scarwid) to perform chores around the school for her board and tuition. Meanwhile, Christina begins to realize that her mother's erratic behavior is fueled in part by her alcoholism. Christina's grades are excellent and she seems to be proud of her schoolwork, but things change drastically when she is caught in a compromising position with a boy. Although the encounter was innocent and the boy will be disciplined according to the rules of the institution, Joan arrives at the school furious and removes Christina permanently after screaming in rage at the school's headmistress, Mrs. Chadwick (Priscilla Pointer), claiming the school is a den of iniquity and that the boy be expelled. Joan even refuses to accept Mrs. Chadwick's explanation that it was an innocent encounter between two curious teens. Joan brings Christina home with her, where Barbara Bennett (Jocelyn Brando), a reporter from Redbook magazine, is in the house writing a puff piece on Crawford's supposedly idyllic balance of career and home life. Joan tells Bennett that Christina was expelled from Chadwick, a claim Christina angrily denies. An argument erupts and Christina accuses Joan of adopting her children simply to give herself free publicity. Joan calls Christina disrespectful and wonders aloud why her daughter will not treat her like anyone on the street would. Christina counters, saying she isn't one of her mother's fans. Joan slaps Christina several times across the face and then becomes completely unhinged, dragging Christina to the carpet and attempting to choke her to death. Carol-Ann and Barbara witness the attack and intervene, but there are apparently no repercussions for Crawford, who sends Christina to a strict convent school against her will. The film's final act takes place after Christina matures and sets out on her own. Joan marries Alfred Steele (Harry Goz), CEO of Pepsi Cola, and urges him to take on a great deal of debt to fund their lavish home and lifestyle, including an expensively-redesigned apartment in New York City. After his death, she remains on the company's board of directors, but not without a bitter confrontation with the all-male board, who slyly try to force her out. Christina and her mother enter into a somewhat amicable phase in their relationship, despite the fact that Joan seems to sabotage Christina's attempt to establish herself as an actress. In a disastrous move, when Christina is unable to attend the taping of a soap opera because of appendicitis, Joan takes her place, attempting to step into a role calling for a much younger actress. It comes as a complete shock to Christina and Christopher that, upon Joan's death at the end of the film, they are both disinherited in her will "for reasons that are well known to them". Her final exchange with her brother hints that Christina has decided to write a book about her experiences growing up with "Mommie Dearest" and thus avenge Christopher and herself, saying that their mother doesn't have "the final word."
tt0070666
Biography,Crime,Drama
Frank Serpico (Al Pacino) covered in blood and slumped in the backseat of a police car as it races to a hospital with lights and sirens blaring. He has just been shot in the face. The rest of the movie tells the story of Serpico's career up to this moment, starting with him becoming a police officer in 1960. He is very idealistic and believes in non-brutal methods to catch criminals. Serpico also refuses to join in on police corruption, specifically that which involves shaking down and taking payoffs from gambling and drug dealing organizations. His refusal to take bribes earns him the suspicion of his fellow officers throughout the majority of the precincts to which he is assigned. Additionally, Serpico finds trouble fitting in due to his embrace of the counterculture of the 1960s: He moves to Greenwich Village, grows his hair and beard long to the point where he must maintain a plainclothes appearance, and associates with a more left-wing crowd that is distrusting of the NYPD. At first Serpico tries appealing to his bosses about the corruption, but gets nowhere. He enlists a highly-connected fellow officer, Bob Blair (Tony Roberts) in his fight against corruption, but not even he can crack the city administration's general indifference. His campaign and the resulting complications and harassment within the department take a toll on his mental health and his relationship with fiancee Laurie (Barbara Eda-Young), who ultimately leaves him. After meeting a sympathetic police inspector who agrees to assist him with both disrupting the gambling rackets and later calling attention to the problem by going to the New York Times, he is transferred to narcotics, as he has always wanted. However, he finds himself in an even more corrupt and hostile atmosphere than before, where he has mostly enemies and almost no allies due to the reputation he has garnered. As a result, he is shot in the face during a raid on a heroin lab due to his fellow officers' reluctance to come to his aid. After being left for dead and eventually discovered by two uniformed officers, the story takes over from the beginning and shows a recuperating Serpico being tended to by his family and few remaining friends as well as being anonymously harassed with hate mail. At the end of the film, Serpico testifies to the Knapp Commission on police corruption. The film ends with him waiting to board a ship; despite being promoted to detective (a lifelong ambition of his) and being decorated by the department for "conspicuous bravery in action" (along with the two officers who abandoned him during the drug raid) he resigns from the NYPD and emigrates to Switzerland.
tt0101761
Biography,Drama,Music
California, 1968. In a dark recording studio, Jim Morrison (Val Kilmer), lead singer for the rock band, The Doors, drinks whiskey while recording spoken-word versions of his poetry. The engineer (a cameo appearance by Doors drummer, John Densmore) plays a pre-recorded music track and Jim begins to recite his work "An American Prayer". In a flashback to the 1950s, a young Jim and his family are seen driving across New Mexico desert. They pass the scene of a car accident involving two families; one family are American Indians. An old Indian man (Floyd 'Red Crow' Westerman) lies dying on the side of the road; he seems to stare directly at Jim while his mother tells him the scene is just a bad dream. Jim watches until his family has driven out of sight. The film then jumps to 1965. Jim is seen hitchhiking to California and is picked up by a motorist. In Los Angeles Jim attends UCLA's film school. His student film, a black and white, artistic and surreal collection of haunting images and spoken poetry, is heavily criticized by both his classmates and his professor (a cameo by director Oliver Stone). His classmate and future band mate, Ray Manzarek (Kyle MacLachlan), tells Jim that his movie is commendable, despite the criticism. When the professor asks Jim to defend the film, Jim says simply "I quit." Jim takes up residence in Venice Beach and meets Pamela Courson (Meg Ryan), his future wife. Jim shares his love of philosophy and poetry with her and the two spend a romantic evening on a rooftop having sex. Jim later meets Manzarek on the beach, interrupting him while he meditates. Jim sings Ray some poetry he has written that he believes can be recorded as a song ("Moonlight Drive"). Ray is astounded and the two set out to form a band, the name being inspired by Aldous Huxley's memoirs, The Doors of Perception. They recruit John Densmore (Kevin Dillon) as their drummer and Robby Krieger (Frank Whaley) on guitar. Their first rehearsals are held in Ray's apartment, where they perform "Break on Through". Robby plays a song he'd been working on which becomes "Light My Fire". The band soon finds themselves on LA's famous Sunset Strip, performing as an opening act in one of the Strip's many clubs. At first Jim is unable to face the crowd while trying to build his confidence. The band is approached by a talent agent who wants to sign them. The same man later tries to talk to Jim alone, thinking he could be signed without his band mates. Jim is indifferent. One year later in 1966, the band bonds further while on a trip to Death Valley to try peyote. Everyone experiences different hallucinatory visions while the film's soundtrack plays the strains of "The End." The scene changes to another performance by the band where Jim is singing the Oedipal interlude of the song, which offends the club owner who throws them out. Outside, they are approached again by a talent agent. With him is the band's future producer, Paul Rothschild (Michael Wincott). They are given a chance to record an album in six days. The band agrees. Rothschild is impressed with the band's professionalism and energy, believing the album will be a hit. Having achieved some measure of success, the band is asked to appear on the Ed Sullivan Show where they'll perform "Light My Fire." Before the performance, Sullivan's producer (Sam Whipple), asks the band to alter the song slightly, changing "Girl we couldn't get much higher", a potential reference to doing drugs. Jim is reluctant but agrees. During the performance, however, Jim does not comply (clearly defiant to sing the song as it is), drawing the anger of the producer, who angrily says the band will never perform on the show again. In 1967 in New York City, at a party thrown by Andy Warhol at The Factory, Jim meets Nico (Kristina Fulton), a sometimes singer with the Velvet Underground, and Warhol himself (Crispin Glover). Warhol gives Jim a telephone that he claims can be used to speak with God. Later, at their hotel, Jim cavorts in the elevator with Nico, while Pamela staggers around in a drug-induced funk. The band is interviewed by the press - one of the reporters is Patricia Kennealy (Kathleen Quinlan). Jim speaks cryptically about his parents (saying they died in an automobile accident years before) and about life in excess and using drugs. Jim later has sex with Kennealy in her loft but is mostly unable to perform. She entices him with cocaine and consumption of his own blood which drives him into an animalistic frenzy. Jim later is unable to perform sexually with Courson. Jim asks Pamela if she'll die for him and dangles himself out the window. Pamela becomes nearly hysterical and manages to get Jim back in the room where he is able to finish having sex with her. December 9, 1967. Backstage at a concert in New Haven, Connecticut, Jim has a feverish encounter with Kennealy, who reveals that she knows Jim's parents are still alive and that she talked to his father on the phone, a Navy admiral who currently lives in Florida. Jim tries to convince her that they are at least figuratively dead, but she still tells him never to lie to her again. A policeman (Titus Welliver) appears, asking who they are. Kennealy tries to explain who Jim is, however the cop becomes hostile when Jim resists arrest, shoving the cop, and the cop sprays the singer in the eyes with mace. The rest of the band comes to his aid, Manzarek tells Kennealy to leave Jim alone, believing she got him in trouble. During their performance that night, Jim suddenly stops singing and recounts the incident to the crowd while mocking the police. A police captain walks on stage and arrests Jim, stating that his language as broken state obscenity laws. Jim is arrested on-stage by the cops whom provided security for him, and are now roughing him up as the crowd goes wild with rage. A near-riot is averted when other policemen arrive on the scene to disburse the crowd. Jim is seen posing for a mug shot. Jim and Pamela throw a Thanksgiving 1968 dinner party for their friends back in California. Pamela is upset with Jim for not staying sober for the gathering like he'd promised; Jim had earlier dropped a tab of LSD. Jim convinces Pamela to take a tab herself and she spends the rest of the day in a largely depressed state. One of the guests is Patricia Kennealy, a name that Pamela recognizes immediately. She confronts both Jim and Patricia about their sexual relationship and becomes furious with Jim, throwing food at him in front of their guests. Jim stomps on the burnt duck Pamela had been roasting and demands she kill him with a kitchen knife. Their friends are able to pull them away from each other. Jim and Pamela have a furious fight when Jim finds her with another man while they shoot heroin. Jim locks Pamela in a closet and sets the door on fire. Pamela is able to escape the closet and house. In a Celtic hand-fasting ceremony (the high priestess is played by the real Kennealy) Jim marries Patricia after a short trip to Las Vegas. Jim is also seen partying heavily and getting into a car accident when he runs into a police car. Jim is later in the studio trying to record "Touch Me" for the Soft Parade album; his performance at the microphone is substandard. Their producer, Paul Rothschild, tells Jim that his life of excess is affecting his performance and that Janis Joplin suffered the same fate and died of alcoholism. On a small television in the studio, Jim sees a commercial for a car that features a pop version of "Light My Fire." The band tells him that they decided to sell the song to the auto company during a time when Jim was in minimal contact with them. Jim becomes infuriated and hurls the TV across the room, nearly hitting Ray, and then cheerfully apologizing. Later, while Pamela performs oral sex on Jim as he sings the title track for the album, everyone in the control booth leaves quietly, unimpressed with Jim's continuing lackluster performance. March 1, 1969. Backstage in Miami where the band is due to perform, the band awaits the arrival of their front man. Densmore looks out on the crowd and hears a reporter recording a story about what he believes is the end of the band itself, criticizing the Soft Parade album. The band is told that Rothschild is bringing Jim to the venue. When he arrives his band mates are angry with him for being late and plainly intoxicated. Jim gives Robby a tab of LSD and they go onstage. Not long into the show, Jim sees a vision of a bonfire and a young American Indian girl and the old man he'd seen dying in the road years before. Jim stops singing and tells the crowd that they're slaves and begging them to undress in public. The band stops playing, clearly annoyed and angry with Jim's attitude. The audience, already agitated at Jim's tardiness, begins to yell back at him. Jim yells mostly nonsensical gibberish and tells them he'll expose himself. When he unzips his pants, the police present at the venue, try to arrest him but he evades them and runs into the crowd, singing "Dead Cat, Dead Rats" and launching into "Break on Through." The crowd wildly follows him. The incident is a low point for the band, resulting in the Doors cancellation of their future concerts, resentment from the other band members and Jim's trial the following year for indecent exposure. At his August 1970 trial, Jim is found not guilty of lurid behavior, but convicted of indecent exposure and using profanity and is sentenced to eight months in prison. Yet, Jim is allowed to remain free on bail while the verdict is being appealed. Jim meets with Patricia, who tells him she's pregnant and that he's the father. She's unsure of whether she wants to keep the child or have it aborted. Jim suggests she find someone else to be a father to the child, citing his own irresponsible nature and the stress the trial is causing him. When Patricia angrily reminds him of their pagan wedding, Jim claims he was too stoned to remember. At an intervention of sorts, Jim is confronted by his bandmates and friends who share various bits of news with him: several women are claiming Jim got them pregnant, their recording company is thinking of dropping the band, the Woodstock Festival is being planned and the promoters want The Doors on the bill. Jim takes it all in with TV news reports of the Vietnam War and the antiwar protests at home and tells everyone he thinks he's having a nervous breakdown. When the last of his appeals for his 1970 indecent exposure conviction is denied, Jim and Pamela decide to flee to Paris, France where Jim can relax and focus his creative writing energy. After the Doors make a comeback with their early 1971 album, 'L.A. Woman', Jim decides to quit the band and focus on his poetry. At a birthday party for Ray's young daughter, Jim talks with the rest of the band who play "Riders on the Storm" for him. Jim comments that it "sounds pretty good for four guys who were barely talking to each other" the day they recorded it. Jim gives everyone a small printed version of "An American Prayer" and the band, despite having hardly spoken, say their goodbyes. Densmore even tells Jim him he'll actually miss him. Robby tells Jim he "got to make music with Dionysus" the Greek god. Jim gives Ray's daughter a small doll of himself and passes out. Ray wakes him up some time later and reminds him that his flight is leaving soon. On July 3, 1971, Pamela finds Jim Morrison dead in a bathtub in their apartment in Paris. The final scenes of the film are of graves of other poets, composers, writers & performers all buried in Pre Lachaise Cemetery in Paris. A rock version of Remo Giazotto's "Adagio in G minor" plays in the background with a voice over by Morrison. The camera finally moves toward Morrison's own grave, showing the graffiti that covers other gravestones nearby, finally settling on his marker, a simple stone adorned with a bust. (The objects left in tribute were removed and the graffiti cleaned off the surrounding graves in 1994 at the behest of Jim's parents.) Just before the credits roll, the screen whites out and text appears saying "Jim Morrison is said to have died of heart failure. He was 27. Pam joined him three years later (from a heroin overdose) in August 1974, and she was also age 27 when she died." During the credits, the band is shown recording the song "L.A. Woman" in the studio, surrounded by their friends.
tt1576473
Short,Biography,Drama
The Day the Music Died is a surreal and metaphorical story about a young dreamer called Buddy. Buddy, 22 years old, tries to pursue his big chance of becoming a rocker in modern day Los Angeles. Who is Buddy? Why does he look so much like Buddy Holly, the icon rocker of the 50s? Whats the connection between him and the real Buddy Holly? Is he the real one? And again, what happens when the music dies? The Buddy Holly myth comes down to the city of dreams. The city that reflects upon young dreams, love and illusions. Buddy and Buddy Holly, two characters that strangely never seem to converge, unite at the very end. This is a tale where something more significant than a human dies.
tt1270262
Biography,Drama,Thriller
Iraq, 1985. Latif Yahia (Dominic Cooper), an Iraqi soldier fighting in the Iran-Iraq War, is called to become a "fedai" ("body double" or political decoy) for Uday Hussein (also played by Cooper), the playboy son of Iraqi president Saddam Hussein (Philip Quast). Latif comes from an upper-class family and had attended school with Uday, where the other students would remark on their likeness. Latif initially refuses the position, but is imprisoned and tortured, ultimately relenting when his family is threatened. Latif undergoes minor cosmetic surgery to perfect his resemblance to Uday and, over the next three years, practices emulating the young Hussein's mannerisms and wildly volatile persona. He is given access to all of the luxurious benefits of the Husseins' fortune, including massive palaces, expensive wardrobes and Uday's Ferrari Mondial 3.2 and various other exotic cars. Latif tries to resist Uday's exorbitant merrymaking and erratic behavior, at one point fleeing a nightclub in another of Uday's Ferraris to attempt to see his family, who believe he has died in the war. However, he is apprehended by Uday's bodyguards and beaten. After an appearance at a conference with several Kuwaiti leaders, an attempt is made on Uday's (Latif's) life, apparently by a member of a rebel opposition group, possibly a Kurd. The real Uday, though, is more concerned with the Kuwaitis, who he believes have been slant drilling from Iraq's Rumaila oil field. Iraq invads Kuwait in August 1990 which begins the First Gulf War. With the fall of Kuwait, Uday proclaims "The Age of the Sheikhs is over!" Uday's increasingly violent, sadistic tendencies are displayed when he kidnaps a 14 year-old school girl and forces her to escort him to a party. At the party, (based on an actual 1988 celebration honoring Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak's wife Suzanne), the strung-out Uday becomes enraged with his father's personal bodyguard Kamel Hana Gegeo (Mehmet Ferda). Uday believes Gegeo facilitated an affair between Saddam and Samira Shahbandar, which devastated his mother, Sajida Talfah, and he also expresses jealousy at the trust his father places in Kamel Hana. When Gegeo disrupts Uday's sexual advances towards his young victim, Uday butchers him with an electric carving knife in front of all of the guests. The next morning, Uday's bodyguards are seen dumping the naked, beaten body of the young girl. Saddam immediately becomes furious over Uday's latest indiscrestion and pays him a visit to a local clinic after Uday accidently takes an overdose of sleeping pills to calm down. While Latif watches, Saddam gives Uday a severe beating in his hospital bed for the killing of Gegeo and even threatens to kill him, but calms down and decides to spare Uday because he is still his first-born son and heir to the leadership of Iraq. As Saddam leaves Uday's room he mutters to Latif, "I should have killed him at birth." In January 1991, Latif, acting as Uday, is sent to Basra to rally support among Republican Guard soldiers as Coalition forces have taken control of the war. At Basra, another attempt is made on Latif's life. To Uday's great concern, Latif nearly loses a pinky in the assault, which presumably would mean Uday would have to have his amputated to maintain their resemblance, but doctors are able to save Latif's finger. Later, Latif is confronted by the father of the young girl that Uday killed. Uday eavesdrops on the conversation and is outraged by the man's pleas for "justice" and "compassion." Uday orders Latif to kill the man, but Latif refuses and instead slits his own wrists, to Uday's amusement. After Latif recovers, he confronts Uday at his birthday party. The confrontation escalates to a shootout and Latif escapes in Uday's Mercedes-Benz 560 SEC with Uday's lover, Sarrab (Ludivine Sagnier) whom has recently become romanticaly involved with Latif. The two escape to Malta, but Sarrab, fearing for her three-year-old daughter in Iraq, calls Uday begging for the chance to return without being harmed. A would-be assassin sent by Uday just misses shooting Latif almost as soon as they arrive on the island. Uday calls Latif and offers him one final chance to return to Iraq, threatening to kill his father if he refuses. Latif says he will not return and his father is killed. Latif confronts Sarrab with her telling Uday where she is out of fear for her daughter's safety. Latif tells her that he will not help her get her daughter out of Iraq and tells her to leave, but gives her some money to live so she can live off of for a while. The distraught Sarrab walks out on Latif and goes off on her own. However, Latif does return to Iraq, not to continue to serve as Uday's double, but rather to kill him, with the help of a man whose bride killed herself after being raped and beaten by Uday on their wedding day. In an adapted version of the attempt on Uday's life made by the 15th Shaaban in 1996, Latif and his partner ambush Uday while he is attempting to lure young girls into his Porsche 911 Targa. They wound him severely, including consistent with unconfirmed reports of the real-life attack mangling his genitals with a direct shot. One of Uday's bodyguards catches up to Latif as he flees the scene. The guard, however, is the same one who Latif could have killed as he fled from Uday's birthday party before leaving the country but spared, and the guard extends him the same courtesy. A disclaimer in the final shots reveals that Latif Yahia currently lives somewhere in Ireland under a false name with his wife and two children and has written a book based on his life. Uday Hussein survived the assasination attempt, but was temporarily crippled, and made a partial recovery. He was later killed in 2003 by American troops during the Second Gulf War.
tt0422295
Biography,Drama,Romance
The film begins with Diane Arbus(Nicole Kidman)entering into a park were all the residents resides their are naked.The head person tells her to be like so, if she want to stay their.She asks them to gave her sometime. Then the story is told as THREE YEARS before.Diane Arbus is an housewife(having two daughters)and as a assistatant to her photographer husband Alex.But this was not the job she wants moreover she also wants to be a photographer.Then Lionel Sweeney(Robert Downey Jr.) a mysterious man(whose body is fully covered )came as their new neighbour.She decides to knew more about him.With the permission of her husband she decides to take pictures of her neighbour but the real reason is to meet Sweeney.They begin to meet together every night at his room.She told him that she want to make a portrait of him. From their first meeting Diane discovered that Sweeney was suffering from hypertrichosis (a.k.a. werewolf syndrome, a disease that causes excessive body hair) Diane feels a great attraction for him and is introduced to the world of freaks and marginalized people.Slowly she begins to love him.Her husband began to notice sudden changes in her and became very upset.On her marriage anniversary Sweeney revealed Diane that he is having Emphysema and will die soon.She became very sad and when they begin to kiss they was interrupted by her husband.At night a fight occurs between Diane and her husband and she promises him that tonight she will end her relation with Sweeney and goes to Sweeney's room.Their she saw him naked with his body full of fur and asks her to shave him.After that, they had sex and slept together,At that time her husband was sticking photos took by her in their room to give her a surprise and to welcome her back to their old life.The next day Sweeney insists her to take his picture for her portrait. Diane was gifted by a cloth made by Sweeney with his fur and took her to his favourite location to the beach.Their in front of her eyes he swims deep into the sea(he dies). A sad Diane return to the apartment with her husband waiting for her.But she decides not to go their and instead she went to Sweeney's room.She was given an album by Sweeney's fiend with all pages left blank.In the first page it is written -"Plate one Lionel " by Diane Arbus and at the last page written -"plate fifty untitled by Diane Arbus". She smiles by looking at it. Then after some time she kisses her daughters and leaves from their apartment. The film ends with Diane walking naked in the park with others with her camera and their, she befriends a lady.The lady asks Diane wheather she is gonna take her picture.Then Diane said no. Then Diane asks the lady to tell her secret,then the lady insisted to tell hers first. Then Diane said OK.
tt0463998
Biography,Crime,Drama
The storyline of the movie takes place between 19921995, beginning with scenes from the 1992 Los Angeles Riots. Hilary Swank plays the role of Erin Gruwell, a new, excited schoolteacher who leaves the safety of her hometown, Newport Beach, to teach at Woodrow Wilson High School in Long Beach, a formerly high achieving school which has recently had an integration program put in place. Her enthusiasm is quickly challenged when she realizes that her class are all "at-risk" students, also known as "unteachables", and not the eager students she was expecting. The students segregate themselves into racial groups in the classroom, fights break out, and eventually most of the students stop turning up to class. Not only does Gruwell meet opposition from her students, but she also has a hard time with her department head, who refuses to let her teach her students with books in case they get damaged and lost, and instead tells her to focus on teaching them discipline and obedience. One night, two students, Eva (April Lee Hernndez), a Hispanic girl and narrator for much of the film, and a Cambodian refugee, Sindy (Jaclyn Ngan), find themselves in the same convenience store. Another student, Grant Rice (Armand Jones) is frustrated at losing an arcade game and demands a refund from the owner. When he storms out, Eva's boyfriend attempts a drive-by shooting, wanting to kill Grant but misses, accidentally killing Sindy's boyfriend. As Eva is a witness, she must testify at court; she intends to protect her own kind in her testimony. At school, Gruwell intercepts a racist drawing of one of her students and uses it to teach them about the Holocaust. She gradually begins to earn their trust and buys them composition books to record their diaries, in which they talk about their experiences of being abused, seeing their friends die, and being evicted. Determined to reform her students, she takes two part-time jobs to pay for more books and spends more time at school, to the disappointment of her husband (Patrick Dempsey). Her students start to behave with respect and learn more. A transformation is especially visible in one of her students, Marcus (Jason Finn). She invites several Holocaust survivors to talk with her class about their experiences and takes them on a field trip to the Museum of Tolerance. Meanwhile, her unorthodox teaching methods are scorned by her colleagues and department chair Margaret Campbell (Imelda Staunton). The next year comes, and Gruwell teaches her class again for sophomore (second) year. In class, when reading The Diary of Anne Frank, they invite Miep Gies (Pat Carroll), the woman who sheltered Anne Frank from the German soldiers to talk to them. After they raise the money to bring her over, she tells them her experiences hiding Anne Frank. When Marcus tells her that she is his hero, she denies it, claiming she was merely doing the right thing. Her denial causes Eva to rethink lying during her testimony. When she testifies, she finally breaks down and tells the truth, much to some of her family members' dismay. Meanwhile, Gruwell asks her students to write their diaries in book form. She compiles the entries and names it The Freedom Writers Diary. Her husband divorces her and Margaret tells her she cannot teach her kids for their junior year. She fights this decision, eventually convincing the superintendent to allow her to teach her kids' junior and senior year. The film ends with a note that Gruwell successfully brought many of her students to graduation and college.
tt0427312
Documentary,Biography
Director Warner Herzog uses sequences extracted from more than 100 hours of video footage shot by Timothy Treadwell during the last five years of his life. He also conducts and filmed interviews with Treadwell's family and friends, and bear and nature experts. Park rangers and bear experts commented on statements and actions by Treadwell, such as his repeated claims that he was defending the bears from poachers. Park rangers noted that there had never been a recorded incident of poaching at this national park. As another example, Treadwell claimed he had "gained the trust" of certain bears, sufficient to approach and pet them. Park rangers pointed out that bears are wild and potentially dangerous animals; given that, Treadwell was lucky to have survived as long as he had without being mauled. One park ranger suggested that the bears were so confused by Treadwell's direct, casual contact that they weren't sure how to react to him. Other park rangers point out that the bears were not threatened by poachers, but Treadwell's actions put them at real risk of harm and death. By familiarizing them with human contact, he increased the likelihood that they would approach human habitation seeking food, and cause a confrontation in which humans would kill them. In October 2003, Treadwell was camping in Katmai National Park with his girlfriend, Amie Huguenard. Treadwell usually left the park at the end of summer but that year stayed into early October. This put him and Huguenard at greater risk, as in this period, bears are aggressive about searching for food to store up calories for hibernation during the winter. Herzog speculates that their staying later in the season ultimately resulted in the deaths of Treadwell and Huguenard. In addition to presenting views from friends and professionals, Herzog narrates and offers his own interpretations of events. He concluded that Treadwell had a sentimental view of nature, thinking he could tame the wild bears. Herzog notes that nature is cold and harsh. Treadwell's view clouded his thinking and led him to underestimate danger, resulting in his death and that of Huguenard. Treadwell's video camera captured an audio record of the bear attack. Herzog refrained from making this a part of the film, but he is shown listening to it, clearly disturbed. The director advised Jewel Palovak (the owner of the tape) to destroy it rather than listen to it. He later repudiated his own advice, saying it was: "Stupid ... silly advice born out of the immediate shock of hearing-I mean, it's the most terrifying thing I've ever heard in my life. Being shocked like that, I told her, 'You should never listen to it, and you should rather destroy it. It should not be sitting on your shelf in your living room all the time.' But she slept over it and decided to do something much wiser. She did not destroy it but separated herself from the tape, and she put it in a bank vault." The coroner gave Palovak Treadwell's wristwatch, which had been retrieved from his left arm, one of the few remains found. Willy Fulton, the pilot who discovered the remains of Treadwell and Huguenard, had noted seeing the lone arm with the wristwatch and not being able to keep the image out of his mind.
tt0114287
Adventure,Biography,Drama
The story is set in early 18th Century Scotland. A group of Scots highlanders are tracking another clan who have stolen cattle from a lord. The protection of the lord's property, including his livestock, is managed by Robert Roy MacGregor, the man leading the trackers. One of his men, Alan McDonald, tells Rob and the rest of the party that they are about a day behind the thieves. The search party finally spots the thieves, camped out in a valley. Knowing that an attack at night would be unwise, Rob orders his party to get some sleep. He also says that he'll personally approach the thieves in the morning and try to negotiate with them. When Alan asks Rob why he thinks speaking to them will accomplish anything, Rob tells him "I know one of them." The next morning, Rob makes good on his word and wakes up the thieves in their camp. He tells them that the cattle belong to his lord and they'll all live if they lay down their weapons and surrender the animals. To prove his point, Rob tells his men to reveal their positions, which surround the camp. Their leader, Sibbald, mocks Rob's authority. When he tries to kill Rob, he is killed himself. Rob allows the rest of Sibbald's party to live and they leave. Rob returns home to his proud wife, Mary, and his two young boys. He spends a few days at home and he and Mary make passionate love under a tree. Rob Roy's village is under the protection of John Campbell, Duke of Argyll. While watching his best duelist, Guthrie, in a sword match, one of Campbell's vassals the Marquis of Montrose, meets with him. Montrose is accompanied by a foppish young man, Archibold Cunningham. Archie had been sent to Scotland by his mother, who had grown irritated by his promiscuous playboy behavior. Archie challenges Guthrie to a duel and Duke Campbell and his vassal Montrose wager heavily on the outcome. Campbell is surprised when Archie easily bests Guthrie, and Montrose wins a hefty sum. Rob meanwhile devises a plan to make money droving cattle: he decides he will ask Campbell to loan him 1000 guineas that he will use to buy cattle at a nearby port. He will raise the cattle and sell them back to Campbell at a profit. Campbell tells Rob to to draw up a loan agreement with Montrose. Montrose's chief banker, Killearn, is a treacherous businessman who is secretly loyal to Archie, whom Killearn believes is more ambitious than Duke Montrose. Killearn reveals to Archie that Rob will be receiving the 1000 guineas as coin and that Archie should prepare to steal it. The next day, Rob meets directly with Killearn and signs the papers to receive the credit. Rob leaves, charging his man MacDonald with collecting the credit slip. Killearn deliberately makes MacDonald wait all day while he deals with all his other clients. When Killearn finally calls MacDonald in to receive the loan, Killearn tells him that he cannot give him a credit slip and MacDonald must take coins instead, violating the agreement with Rob. MacDonald is reluctant but finally accepts the coin. On his way to deliver the money to Rob, he is pursued through the woods by Archie, who has prepared an ambush. MacDonald's horse carry's him into a rope strung across the path, and he is injured and thrown from his horse. He staggers away, hiding the money in a tree. Archie finds him and kills him, taking the money. When MacDonald doesn't show up, Rob goes back to Killearn, demanding to know what happened. Killearn tells him that he'd given MacDonald the money and he left. Killearn also suggests that MacDonald had stolen the money for himself and may have boarded a ship to America. (MacDonald had earlier told Rob he wished to leave Scotland for Virginia.) Rob refuses to believe that MacDonald would betray him and decides to take his case directly to Montrose. When he meets with the lord, he tries to strike a new deal for more money. Montrose will agree, provided Rob falsely testifies that Campbell is a Jacobite. Rob refuses, only knowing Campbell by reputation. When he suggests that Montrose is crooked, Montrose orders Archie to arrest Rob. Rob pulls a hidden knife and holds Archie at bay, pushing him over and running off. Montrose instructs Archie to find Rob and bring him to justice, "broken, but not dead." Archie sets out with Killearn and a small unit of soldiers. Rob returns home and tells Mary that he'll be leaving their home until he can figure out a plan to clear his name. Mary is angry, saying he'll be hiding like an animal. Rob leaves his younger brother Alasdair and a couple of other men loyal to him to guard Mary and the farm. Very soon, Archie, Killearn and the unit of soldiers sail across the lake in front of the MacGregor home, arriving early one morning. Mary gathers her boys and tells them to hide in the hills behind the house. She goes out to meet the landing party, frightened but confident. She defiantly calls Archie a fool when he demands to know where her husband is. Archie orders the soldiers to burn her house and kill the livestock. Killearn suggests that Mary step aside, but Archie grabs her hair and drags her into the house. He forces her over a table and brutally and gleefully rapes her. Her house burning around her, Mary gathers her dignity and walks out, shaken but proud. The noblemen and their soldiers depart on their boat as Alasdair arrives, yelling for the marauders to return and fight. They fire a warning shot at him and bleat like sheep as they sail back across the lake. Mary furiously washes her groin in the lake, and Alasdair realizes that she's been raped. Mary compels him to promise not to tell Rob, because she doesn't want him to get killed in his desire to avenge her honor. Alasdair reluctantly promises Mary he won't say anything. Mary formulates a plan of her own to prove Rob's innocence and honor. She discovers that Archie's lover, Betty, one of Montrose's servants, is pregnant with Archie's child. Spurned by Archie, Betty agrees to testify that she overheard Archie and Killearn conspiring to steal the money given to MacDonald. Mary comforts her when she admits that she's pregnant and becomes upset, saying she still loves Archie despite his evil nature. Mary tells Rob about Killearn's and Archie's dealings and Rob vows to bring them both to justice. Rob finds Killearn in a tavern. Guthrie attempts to defend him, and Rob kills him. When Rob arrives at a secret location with Killearn, he sends Alasdair to retrieve Betty, but when Mary goes to find her, she finds that Betty has hanged herself and is dead. Mary demands to meet with Killearn privately, demanding that he testify to restore Rob's honor. Killearn refuses, gaining the upper hand when he mentions that he remembers how Archie raped her and that the child Mary is now pregnant with may be Archie's and not Rob's. Enraged, Mary stabs him in the neck, bringing Rob and Alasdair. Rob tries to calm Mary down, leaving Killearn to Alasdair. Alasdair drowns Killearn in the lake. Rob and Mary's plan is foiled and Rob tells his brother to drop the body in the middle of the lake since Montrose will search for him. Alasdair joins Rob in the Highlands. They observe Archie's war party from a distance burning the house Rob & Mary had occupied after their own home was destroyed. Rob orders a retreat before Archie notices them; his own men are out-armed and outnumbered. Alasdair, angry over Archie's violation of Mary, takes a potshot at Archie, missing and killing one man. Archie orders his men to chase Rob's party into the mist covering the peaks. As he runs to catch up with Rob, Alasdair is shot, paralyzing his legs. Rob grabs him and carries him into the mist. As he dies from his wound, Alasdair tells Rob that Mary was raped by Archie. A soldier finds them and finishes Alasdair off. Rob overpowers the man and mounts his horse to escape, but it's shot out from under him and lands on his leg, trapping him. He's captured by Archie, who binds his hands and drags him behind his horse. At night, Rob is tied to a tree. He tells Archie that he a thief and rapist, and Archie tells him that Campbell's wife Mary was more enjoyable when raped than others who were willing, and that "not all of her objected." Rob lunges forward and bites at Archie ripping his coat. Archie beats him and has him gagged for the rest of the march home. When they reach the Bridge at Glen Orchy, Montrose is waiting. Rob is allowed to speak in his defense. He claims that Archie killed MacDonald and stole the money. Archie denies the charges and Montrose orders his men to hang Rob from the bridge. Rob quickly grabs the rope binding his hands, loops it around Archie's neck and jumps from the bridge. The rope pulls Archie to the edge where one of the soldiers uses a sword to cut it, freeing Rob, who plunges into the stream below - Archie is still alive. Rob washes downstream with the current, going over a small waterfall. On the bank, he finds the rotting carcass of a dead ox and quickly guts it, using the animal to hide from the search party, who won't approach because of the stench. Rob rejoins Mary at a safe house,. which Mary had earlier negotiated from Campbell himself and secured the property under his protection. Rob confronts Mary about the rape but realizes she still loves him and that the child she bears is definitely his. Rob recovers from his wounds and visits with Campbell, seeking a way to settle his dispute with Archie. Knowing Archie's skill with a sword, Campbell reluctantly agrees to sponsor Rob in a fair duel. He tells Rob that as a prudent man he ought to bet on Archie. Rob tells him to bet any way he chooses. Rob bids his family farewell, telling his sons to ask their mother about the new addition to their family. Mary asks Rob what to name their child if Rob doesn't return: he tells her to name it for himself if it's a boy and for herself if it's a girl. On the way to Montrose's court. Rob convinces Campbell to pay Mary's and his children's living expenses if he loses the match with Archie. They agree on a high sum and Campbell exclaims that he likes Rob's negotiating style. Rob arrives at Montrose's court where he and Archie will duel to the death with swords. Campbell and Montrose agree on a wager. After laying out the customary rules about backstabbing and quarter, "no quarter being given or asked." The two duel, and Archie has obviously superior skills to Rob Roy. He toys with Rob, slashing him superficially several times on his torso, and then on his dueling arm, disarming him. He lifts Rob's chin with his blade, and receives a nod from the moderator to end the duel and Rob Roy's life. Rob suddenly grasps Archie's sword blade at his own neck with his bare hand. Rob grabs his own sword and swiftly cuts Archie deeply from his shoulder to his sternum, opening a wide wound. Archie is shocked, gasps, blood spilling from his mouth, stumbles, and falls dead. Rob settles his wagers with Campbell and Montrose and leaves. Montrose tells Archie's sponsor that he will hold him to their wager, meaning that all of Rob Roy's debts are wiped clean. Rob returns home to Mary who is overjoyed to see him.
tt0180073
Biography,Drama
Quills begins during the Reign of Terror, with the incarcerated Marquis de Sade (Geoffrey Rush) penning a story about the libidinous Mademoiselle Renare, an aristocrat who meets the preeminent sadist in her executioner. Several years later with the Marquis confined to the asylum at Charenton, overseen by the enlightened Abb du Coulmier (Joaquin Phoenix). The Marquis has been publishing his work through laundress Madeleine "Maddy" LeClerc (Kate Winslet), who smuggles manuscripts through an anonymous horseman (Tom Ward) to a publisher. The Marquis' latest work, Justine, is published on the black market to great success. Napoleon (Ron Cook) orders all copies of the book burned and the author shot, but his advisor, Delben (Patrick Malahide), tempers this contentious idea with one of his own: send traditionalist Doctor Royer-Collard (Michael Caine) to look in at Charenton and silence the Marquis. Dr. Royer-Collard arrives, informing the Abb that the Marquis' "therapeutic writings" have been distributed for public consumption. Horrified, the Abb rejects Royer-Collard's offers of several archaic "treatments" and asks to speak with the Marquis himself, who promptly swears obedience (winking at Madeleine through a peephole). Royer-Collard takes his leave for the time being and travels to the Panthemont Convent in Paris to retrieve his promised bride, the underage Simone (Amelia Warner). They are given a run-down chateau by the Emperor, with a handsome young architect, Prouix (Stephen Moyer) on hand for its renovation. The hasty marriage incites much gossip at the asylum, prompting the Marquis to write a farce to be performed at a public exhibition. The audacious play, titled "The Crimes of Love", is interrupted when the inmate Bouchon (British character actor Stephen Marcus) molests Madeleine off-stage, prompting her to hit him in the face with an iron. Royer-Collard shuts down the public theater and demands that the Abb do more to control the Marquis. Infuriated, the Abb confiscates the Marquis' quills and ink, prompting more subversive behavior, including a story written in wine on bedsheets and in blood on clothing. This results in further deprivation, eventually leaving the Marquis naked in an empty cell. While this is occurring at the asylum, Simone has been violently introduced to the adult world by her husband. She unrepentantly purchases a copy of the Marquis de Sade's Justine, seduces Prioux, and the young lovers run off together. She leaves behind a letter explaining her actions and her copy of Justine. Upon finding this, Dr. Royer-Collard seizes on the Marquis as the source of his troubles and embarks upon a quest for revenge. About to be sent away from Charenton for her role in assisting the Marquis, Madeleine begs a last story from him, which is to be relayed to her through the asylum patients. Bouchon, the inmate at the end of the relay, is excited by the story, breaks out of his cell, and kills Madeleine. The asylum is set afire by the pyromaniac Dauphin (George Yiasoumi) and the inmates break out of their cells. Madeleine's body is found by her blind mother in the laundry vat and Bouchon is captured and imprisoned inside an iron dummy. The Abb blames the Marquis for Madeleine's death and prods him into a fury. The Marquis claims he had been with Madeleine in every way imaginable, only to be told she had died a virgin. The Abb cuts out the Marquis' tongue as punishment for his involvement. In a later scene, the Abbe commits necrophilia with the corpse of Madeline in a dream. The Marquis' health declines severely, though perverse as ever, he decorates his oubliette with a story, using feces as ink. As the Abb finishes reading the last rites, he offers the Marquis a crucifix to kiss, which he swallows and chokes on, thus committing suicide. A year later, the new Abb du Maupas (Alex Avery) arrives at Charenton and is given the grand tour. The asylum has been converted into a printing press, with the inmates as its staff. The books being printed are the works of the Marquis de Sade. At the end of the tour, the new Abb meets his predecessor, who resides in the Marquis' old cell. Yearning to write, he begs paper and a quill from the Abb, who is herded off by Royer-Collard, now overseer of the asylum. However, the peephole opens, and Madeleine's mother thrusts paper, quill, and ink through. The Abb begins to scribble furiously, with the Marquis providing the narration.
tt0923752
Documentary,Biography
A middle-school science teacher and a hot sauce mogul vie for the Guinness World Record on the arcade classic, Donkey Kong. In 1982, LIFE Magazine assembled the worlds greatest gamers for a photo shoot that would become the center spread of their 1982 Year-In-Photos edition. Billy Mitchell, who would later be named the Gamer of the Century, was one of the invitees. Mitchell, the World Record holder on Centipede, had been tracking the score on Donkey Kong, and knew he could take that title as well. In front of the 20 best gamers in the world, Billy scored 874,300 points, a record many thought would never be broken. In 2003, 35 year old family man Steve Wiebe, after losing his job at Boeing, found solace in Donkey Kong. Steve stumbled upon Billy Mitchells record online, and set out to break it. He began perfecting his game every night after his wife and kids went to bed, and not only surpassed Billys record, but ended up with a thought-to-be-impossible 1,000,000 points. A tidal wave of media coverage followed, and Steve Wiebe quickly became a celebrity in his hometown of Seattle, WA. He also rediscovered his love for teaching, and regained the respect of all who once doubted him. Meanwhile, back in Hollywood, FL, Billy Mitchell hatched a plan to reclaim his fallen Donkey Kong record In the months that followed, Steve and Billy engaged in a cross-country duel to see who could set the high score that would be included in the 2007 Guinness World Records book and become The King of Kong: A Fistful of Quarters. Along the way, both men learned valuable lessons about what it means to be a father, a husband, and a true champion discovering that you dont always need to win to be a winner.
tt1183919
Documentary,Biography,Music
For nearly half a century, Bob Marley the musician, the revolutionary, the legend has influenced various populations at a global level that remains unparalleled. Marleys passing in May 1981 not only left a huge void in what is perhaps modern musics most spiritual and yet accessible genre, reggae, but also, as a testament to the stars power, set the stage for the unprecedented, posthumous growth of his fan base. The enduring nature of Bob Marleys fame is anything but a simple pop music phenomenon. Just one index of it is the success of the Marley compilation album Legend, which is one of only 17 albums to pass the 10-million mark in sales (in 2009), continues to sell at the rate of about 250,000 albums per year, and is the second-longest charting album in the history of Billboard magazines record-keeping. With an ever-growing fanbase (as evidenced by his 33+ million roster of fans on Facebook and Twitter), his fame has elevated his stature to one of a spiritual beacon. More than 30 years later, the undying messages that go beyond his music make Marley a cultural force to be reckoned with. His way of living was in many ways a political act on the world stage, across the worlds continents. Today, wherever politically minded youth seeks ways to find solidarity (as was exemplified over recent months by the popularity of Bob Marleys music and imagery amidst scenes of protest in the Middle East and Africa and at the Occupy Wall Street demonstrations and its many offshoots), they find him to be an ever-potent cultural touchstone. And yet, for all the loyalty shown to the icon, and all the renewing excitement for those still discovering his legacy, many mysteries and unanswered questions have remained. A glut of concert films, biographies, DVDs and unauthorized videos already have attempted to explore his story over the years since his death, but the man himself remains almost as enigmatic as he is beloved. Now, through the unprecedented, combined efforts of the Marley family, Oscar-winning master filmmaker Kevin Macdonald, many of those questions have been given an answer, and many of those mysteries have in great part been solved.
tt0072443
Biography,Drama
This film does not have a storyline, but proceeds in a non-narrative, stream-of-consciousness form. To add to the confusion, several of the characters are played by the same actors. Margarita Terekhova plays the roles of Maria (the mother, also called "Masha" or "Marousia" in some of the pre-war scenes), and of Natalya (the wife of the protagonist as a young woman). Ignat Daniltsev is the protagonist at age 12 (Alyosha/Aleksei), as well as Aleksei's own son at age12 (Ignat). A prcis to the film will certainly help the viewer through this labyrinth. The film takes place in three distinct time periods: Pre-war (1930s), War-time, and Post-war (1960s), and can be divided into fourteen sections, each of which takes place during one or more of these periods. In the following breakdown of sections, I will indicate the time period for the section and a brief description of the section's content. 1) Post-war. The film opens with Ignat turning on the television set. The program shown is that of a therapist treating an adolescent afflicted with stuttering. The credits follow. The Music: J. S. Bach, Das Orgelbchlein No. 16, "Das alte Jahr vergangen ist" (The old year now hath pass'd away). 2) Pre-war. Edge of a field, Maria and a doctor who is passing by (Anatoly Solonitsyn) meet and converse. Voice-over of the narrator (Innokenti Smoktunovsky), who is obviously the protagonist Aleksei (he talks in the first person, plural, "we"). Arseni Tarkovsky's poem, read by the poet. Maria with the children, Alyosha and Marina, inside the dacha. Maria and children go outside to see the barn on fire. 3) Pre-war. Interior night shots. Maria is washing her hair with her husband's (Oleg Yankovsky) help. Maria young/Maria old [Maria Ivanovna Vishniakova (Tarkovskaya)] looking in the mirror (time ambiguous). 4) Post-war. Phone conversation between Aleksei and his mother, Maria. 5) Pre-war. The printing shop incident. (Maria thinks she has made a misprint, "Shralin"-- slang for "excrement" -- for "Stalin"). Lisa (Alla Demidova), Maria's friend, tells her she reminds her of Maria Timofeyevna (Captain Lebyadkin's sister in Dostoevsky's The Devils), which leads to recriminations on Lisa's part. 6) War-time. Natalya and husband quarrel. Ignat watches the Spanish tenants. Archive footage of the Spanish Civil War. Children being evacuated. A stratospheric balloon journey undertaken by a Kurdish aviator in 1937. Music: Pergolesi, Stabat Mater, No 12: "Quando corpus morietur fac ut animae donetur paradisi glori." (While my body here decays, may my soul Thy goodness praise, safe in Paradise with Thee). Ticker tape parade. 7) Post-war. Ignat leafs through Leonardo da Vinci book. Natalya drops her purse. Ignat reads Pushkin's letter to Chaadayev (October 19, 1836) to two unknown women, one of whom appears to be modeled after the poet Anna Akhmatova (1898-1966). Ignat answers the door. Ignat and his father talk on the phone. 8)War-time. Aleksei looks at the redhead girl (Olga Kizilova). Music: Purcell, from The Indian Queen, Act IV, "They tell us that your mighty powers." Instruction at the firing range where a rebellious Asafyev, a war orphan, keeps getting it wrong. War footage of soldiers unloading cargo. Coming from the firing range, Asafyev walks up a snowy hill. War footage of the crossing of Lake Sivash in Crimea. Poem by Arseni Tarkovsky, read by the poet. War footage of Russian tanks at the liberation of Prague, dead soldiers, artillery batteries, Bikini atomic test (1946). Asafyev stops at the top of the hill and a bird lands on his head, after which he takes it in his hand. Chinese crowd scene, the Soviet-Chinese conflict at Damansky Island, in 1969. 9) War-time. Maria with husband leaving for the war. Children playing outside and quarreling. The father with the children. Music: J.S.Bach: Matthew Passion, Recitative: "Und siehe da! Der Vorhang im Tempel..." (And see there! The veil of the temple...). Cut to a picture of a Maria look-alike, "Genevra de Benci" (c. 1470), by Leonardo da Vinci. 10) Post-war. Natalya and husband again quarrelling. 11) Pre-war. The dacha, Maria, the children on a mat, with Aleksei voice-over. Garden scene with the children. 12) Wartime/Postwar. Maria and Alyosha visit her neighbor, Nadezhda (Larisa Tarkovskaya), to sell her a pair of earrings. Levitation scene. Maria as an old woman with the children (dream). Poem by Arseni Tarkovsky, read by the poet. 13) Post-war. Aleksei (narrator) on his death bed (although we never see his head), attended by a doctor and the two women from the reading of Pushkin's letter scene (Section 7). Aleksei reaches for and holds a bird in his hand. 14) Pre-war. Maria and husband. Music fades in, opening number of J.S.Bach's St John Passion: Herr, unser Herrscher, dessen Ruhm in allen Landen herrlich ist! (Lord, our Sovereign, whose glory in every land is magnificent!). Maria old, with young Alyosha and his sister, and Maria young, briefly in the background (dream).
tt0086312
Biography,Drama,History
In 1974, Karen Silkwood (Meryl Streep) and co-workers Drew Stephens (Kurt Russell) and Dolly Pelliker (Cher) arrive for work at the Kerr McGee Cimarron nuclear facility near Cimarron City, Oklahoma. Karen works in Dry Processing, which involves processing plutonium and uranium oxide into nuclear fuel pellets. The plant manager conducts new trainees through the plant, and when asked about the effects of radiation exposure, answers that radiation is like sunburn, the kind of thing that cannot hurt you unless you are careless with it. When the lunch bell rings, Karen removes her protective gloves and attempts to rush out of her work area, but is called back by her fellow workers for not monitoring herself. She passes her bare hands across a radiation detector before leaving. In the lunchroom, Karen hears about a truck that became contaminated with radiation as the result of a container leak. She learns that her boyfriend, Drew (Craig T. Nelson), will have to work an hour late, and she cannot find the foreman Mace Hurley (Bruce McGill) to ask permission to have Saturday and Sunday off to see her children. She notices Winston, a new worker in X-Ray Metalography. Drew asks if she likes him, but Karen responds, "As a matter of fact, he's the type I hate." When she catches up with Hurley, Karen is told that the plant operates 24 hours a day, and it is not possible to give her time off. As Karen tries to get one of her reluctant co-workers to take her weekend shifts, an alarm sounds. They believe it to be a test, but remark that, although test alarms are sounded regularly, they never actually evacuate the building, probably because it would shut down production. Gilda Schultz (E. Katherine Kerr) finally agrees to take Karen's weekend shifts. That night, as Karen goes to her car, she hears a noise and goes to investigate. She sees a truck being cut apart by security guards, but when she asks what is going on, she is told to leave. On Saturday morning, Karen, Drew and Dolly drive to Texas to take her three kids to the beach. However, Karen's ex-husband, Pete Dawson (Ray Baker), has the weekend off himself, and tells Karen she should have talked to him as he has made his own weekend plans. He does allow Karen to take the children to a restaurant for a brief visit. On the way back to Oklahoma, Dolly asks how long Karen was married to Pete. Karen confesses that although they went to Louisiana, where they believed they could be married underage, they could not, and never actually were legally married. They were formally divorced, however, because their union was recognized as a common law marriage. Karen laments that she had the children in the car, and could have driven them to Oklahoma, but did not. Arriving at work on Monday, Karen is approached by a friend named Joe (Will Patton), who mentions he helped bury a contaminated truck Friday night. As she gets ready in the changing room, Karen learns that Gilda did not work her shifts, but Gilda informs her that the plant was shut down because of a contamination in their section right after Karen left. Gilda also mentions that the company believes Karen was responsible for the contamination in order to get the weekend off. She enters her work area wearing a full hazmat suit, and finds her co-workers similarly clad as the walls of the room are being scrubbed down by a cleanup crew. She complains about being unfairly blamed for the contamination, but Quincy Bissell (Henderson Forsythe), the union shop steward, tells her the company has to blame somebody or risk accountability. Back in the plant, Thelma Rice (Sudie Bond), an older worker and friend of Karen's, is "cooked" in a radiation accident. Thelma is taken to the decontamination room where she is showered down. Afraid that Thelma will get cancer as a result of her exposure, Karen urges the woman to listen to the doctor, who informs her that she only had surface exposure, and is in no danger after being scrubbed clean. Later, at home, Karen learns from Drew that Thelma only received 24 dpm's (disintegrations per minute) of radiation, which he dismisses as "not super bad." He asks if Karen is just waking up to the potential danger of working with nuclear materials after almost two years. The next day, as she talks with her co-workers, Karen realizes that the doctor never gave Thelma a nasal smear, so he does not really know if she suffered any internal contamination. She urges Thelma to get the procedure. Later, Mace Hurley interrupts a birthday celebration for Gilda Schultz, and tells the Dry Processing employees to get back on the job. If they do not meet their contract goals, they will all be out of work. Karen attempts to pick up some birthday cake that has fallen onto the floor, but Hurley tells her to clean it up after her shift. As Karen leaves the Dry Processing room after vacuuming up the cake, she sets off the contamination alarm. She is scrubbed down, and told by the plant doctor to bring in urine samples every week. Later, Karen looks through a book supplied by the union, but which she is only now reading. She tells Dolly that all the information about "acceptable levels" of radiation is false, and that exposure to plutonium gives you cancer. Still later, Drew brings home news that Karen has been transferred out of Dry Processing into the Metalography department. She is upset, because the transfer means she will have to work three months before she can again qualify for overtime work. On her new assignment, Winston explains her duties, which include making photographic records of fuel rod samples. Karen catches Winston doctoring the photographic negatives to cover up imperfections in the fuel rods. At a union meeting, shop steward Quincy informs the workers that Kerr McGee has obtained enough signatures to hold a desertification vote. When he seeks volunteers to help him reach out to union members, Karen volunteers. Drew does not believe Karen has the political skills to be an effective negotiator, but she believes she can sit across the table from Mace Hurley as an equal. In time, Dolly begins dating a beautician named Angela (Diana Scarwid). Drew becomes upset when Angela moves in to the house Dolly and Karen share, and Karen spends all her time on the phone with union matters. Karen suggests to Quincy that they involve the national union in their cause, and they land a meeting in Washington, D.C. with the national union and the Atomic Energy Commission (AEC). The president of the national union informs Quincy and Karen that they can only win the desertification election based on health and safety issues, and promises to send doctors to talk with the Cimarron workers. The union president leaves to catch a plane, but Karen follows and tells him about the doctoring of the cross-section photographs of fuel rods intended for the Hanford, Washington, Breeder Reactor. The president asks for proof of her claims. Back in Oklahoma, Drew is upset when Quincy shows slides of the Washington, D.C. trip, and in the photos Karen appears to be flirting with attorney Paul Stone. On their way home, Drew asks if the company was aware of Karen's trip to Washington, and that she is spying for the union. He informs Karen that he quit working for Kerr McGee, and moves out of the house. In the Metalography department, Karen goes through Winston's desk drawer looking for doctored photographic negatives. Winston catches her, but she convinces him she was only using the drawer to store allergy medications not allowed in the plant. After doctors talk to the Kerr McGee workers, Winston confronts union lawyer Paul Stone (Ron Silver), questioning why the union has only come in now that there is a pending desertification vote. He believes the company is looking out for its employees, and that if issues are raised, Kerr McGee will shut down the plant, putting the locals out of work while Stone will return to his job in Washington, D.C. Paul Stone does return to Washington, and he falls out of communication with Karen. She calls to tell him the union won the election, 80 to 61, but only reaches his answering machine. Some time later, Angela returns to her husband, leaving Dolly feeling rejected, just as Karen feels rejected by Paul Stone. At the plant, Gilda Schultz mentions that her husband has been working late flushing out pipes because the plant has come up more than a kilo short on plutonium. When Karen takes notes, her co-workers leave the room, concerned that her union activities will threaten their jobs. Karen finally speaks with Paul about several incidents at the plant, but he is more concerned with evidence of the doctored photographic negatives. Karen is shunned by management as well as her fellow employees. When she goes to Dry Processing in an attempt to speak with Gilda, she is rebuffed, and as she leaves the area and flashes her hand in front of the radiation monitor, she again sets off the alarm. Although the plant doctor informs her that the exposure level was acceptable, he orders her to start bringing in her urine samples on a daily basis. In declining health, Karen hits a deer as she drives home, and asks a passerby to call Drew. Soon, when she comes into work, she sets off a radiation alarm as she enters the plant. A team is sent to her house with a Geiger counter, finds the building contaminated, and takes everything out of the house. Mace Hurley suggests that Karen contaminated her own house, believing she would do anything to hurt the company. In turn, Karen believes her urine samples have been tampered with. She is told her latest nasal smear has a reading of 45,000 dpm. Hurley offers to get Karen a place to stay and help her with money, but first she must make a statement in her own words about what happened. She refuses, and drives away. Drew returns to the stripped house to reminisce about his days there with Karen, and takes the spare key left above the door frame as a souvenir. Winston drives up and asks what Drew is doing there. Unable to contain his rage, Drew hits Winston, knocking him to the ground. He returns to his new home and finds Karen there. She tells him the company has contaminated her and is trying to kill her. Drew makes plans to take Karen to Los Alamos, New Mexico, where doctors are well versed in the effects of radiation. There, doctors inform Drew and Dolly that, although they have been exposed through contact with Karen, their radiation is within safe levels. Karen, however, is told that they have discovered americium, an element released when plutonium disintegrates. Based on the level of americium, they have determined that she has a level of six nano curies in her body. The maximum body burden for occupational exposure is 40 nano curies; however, the tests she has undergone may be off by as much as 300 percent. Afterward, Karen telephones Paul Stone, asking him to come to Oklahoma City with a New York Times reporter. Back home, Drew suggests they move to New Mexico and have babies, but Karen fears they would have developmental defects. The next morning Karen sets out for a union meeting and asks Drew to pick up Paul Stone and the New York Times reporter at the airport. At night, after she leaves a cafe, a car follows Karen as she drives home. The high-beam glare of headlights from the pursing car in her rear view mirror blinds her. Later, Karen's car is found crashed by the side of the road. Her tombstone reads: Karen Gay Silkwood; Feb. 19, 1946 - Nov. 13, 1974; Rest In Peace. The film concludes with a title that reads: "The precise circumstances of Karen's death are unknown. It is also not known whether she had any documents with her. None were found. An autopsy revealed a high level of the tranquilizer Methaqualone and some alcohol in her bloodstream. Oklahoma police ruled her death a single car accident. A year later the plant shut down for good."
tt2450440
Biography,Drama,Romance
The true story of Beverly Aadland, a teen starlet who became the last girlfriend of legendary swashbuckler Errol Flynn. In 1957, Beverly was working at Warner Brothers studios with a fake birth certificate saying she was 18 -- she was in fact, only 15 -- when she encountered the former matinee idol. After a difficult start, the two undertook a relationship that was ultimately embraced by Beverly's Hollywood mother Florence, who became a willing third wheel. The affair took them from L.A. to New York to Africa, then to Cuba where Flynn pitched in with the rebels to make a pro-Castro propaganda movie starring Beverly. It all came crashing to an end in Vancouver, however, when Flynn died in Beverly's arms. Only then did it come out publicly that she was underage, causing an explosion in the national press; Florence finally achieved the attention she sought in the form of tabloid notoriety but the chaos drove Beverly to the edge of her sanity. The Last of Robin Hood is a poignant yet darkly comic coming-of-age tale about the desire for fame and the price it exacts.
tt0108101
Biography,Drama,Romance
C. S. "Jack" Lewis (Sir Anthony Hopkins) is a serious professor of literature at Cambridge University. He also write some famous books for children and young teenagers entitled The Chronicles of Narnia. He is also a renown conference speaker and supports his Christian views strongly. He still shares a house with his brother, also a bachelor. One day, he receives a letter from a person who seems to know and understand him, the American poet Joy Gresham (Debra Winger). She is travelling around the UK in search of an editor for her poems and her son Doug (Joseph Mazzello) would very much meet him. The meeting happens in an old-fashioned pub. Jack has gone there accompanied by his brother Warnie, (Edward Hardwicke) who is also a Cambridge university professor. First, they greet an English-looking lady (Carol Passmore) and Joy looks incredibly modern and different to all the rest of the parisioners, old, male... when she enters the place and shouts aloud if any of them is C. S. Lewis. They invite her to a visit to their home. There, Doug shows to be vivacious and is especially interested in the penthouse, where there is an old wardrobe, the same which opens the way to the magic land of Narnia into Lewis's first novel. Warnie shows it, they unlatch it, and to Doug's disappointment, there are only common coats and jackets. Doug says he had always known it was going to be a normal wardrobe. Joy and Doug come back to the USA. Jack goes on living as usual: a predictable boring life in which he only talks to other professors, -whom he has philosophical discussions with- and keeps on giving his lectures. In one of these Joy re-appears. She has just come back to the UK after her divorce with her always-unfaithful husband and wants to settle down in London. They meet again, and Jack introduces her to his fellow professors, so everybody thinks they are having an affair. Joy doesn't let cynic Desmond Arding (Julian Fellowes) -and Arnold Dopliss (Roddy Maude-Roxby)- humilliate her, and replies back, which the professor must accept, as he was left speechless. Jack starts also noticing the motions of student Peter Whistler (James Frain). He is kind of rebellious in his own way although he is also a bright student. One day, he falls sleep during one of Lewis's lessons. Also, Jack sees him stealing a book from a book shop and visits him in his home to offer him some money. Peter rejects it, as it is not a matter of having the means to buy it or not. Peter will leave his studies soon afterwards, and also it isn't lack of money, it is that he considers it useless to finish his studies and move onto teaching at university. Jack will find Peter some years afterwards. Peter has become a school teacher, the same as his late father, and seems contented with his chosen path of life. This makes Jack even more thoughtful about his life, and he has the temptation of wondering about the futility of it all. Joy and Doug spend Christmas Day at the Lewis'. Joy wouldn't let Doug phone his father, because she knows he's such a careless father. Some little time after, Joy is finding it hard to be a published author. She asks Jack to marry her so that she can stay in the UK. Jack agrees, and Warnie watches all these motions surprised, although he doesn't oppose it openly. Jack and Joy get married by a judge in a civil wedding, as they don't intend to live together as husband and wife. Joy can now settle down in London with Doug, although she and Jack become the best of friends. One day, Jack phones Joy. She stops doing whatever she's doing and steps into the corridor in order to answer the phone. Suddenly, she breaks her leg. This is not an accident, because she didn't fall the stairs, of stumbled down, or anything. It just happens like that. It's so painful for her that she can't even crawl to pick the phone up. When at hospital, Jack and Warnie go to see her. It's cancer, and it's very advanced. It's attacked her bones, and that's why her leg bone broke like glass. She has surgery. While his mother is at hospital, Doug goes to live with the siblings. This makes Jack ponder about his life once again. He changes his Christian speech a little bit, talking about Joy's pain. He proposes to her, as he has realised he's in love. They have a religious wedding, the only one which Jack believes in. Joy and Doug move to the Lewis' for ever as soon as Joy is discharged. Doctors say that her cancer is very advanced, so that it'll probalby reappear. Meanwhile, Joy stays at her new home, and asks to travel around the UK in her honeymoon. First, she moves in a wheelchair, then she uses clutches. Jack and her have many happy moments. However, she will fall sick again. Doug watches how she gets worst and worst. She will finally die. His brother and his fellow professors can't sadly offer Jack any consolation. Doug becomes sadder and lonelier as well, and it's not clear if he really approves of her mother having married a different man to his natural father. Although he's never said clearly that his mother is going to die, he knows that it's going to happen. He and Jack have the opportunity of saying goodbye to Joy before she finally dies at her home, not in hospital. Doug keeps on living with Jack as his father. The last scene shows Jack walking down the same countryside path he had walked by when Joy was sick but still alive. Doug and a dog run down a green hill while flying a kite.
tt0802948
Biography,Crime,Drama
An American Crime is split into reflections of contemporary and past settings. The contemporary setting is the trial of Gertrude Baniszewski (Catherine Keener), interspersed with lengthy flashbacks into the events described by the witnesses. Sylvia (Ellen Page) and her sister, Jenny (Hayley McFarland), find themselves on the road living between their parents, Lester (Nick Searcy) and Betty Likens (Romy Rosemont). The Likens parents, who are professional carnival workers, go on tour together, leaving Sylvia and Jenny in the care of Gertrude Baniszewski, whose daughters the Likens girls have met in church. The Baniszewski household is already overrun with children, and Gertrude is in dire financial straits. Sylvia befriends Gertrude's oldest daughter, Paula Baniszewski (Ari Graynor), who confesses to Sylvia that she is pregnant by her married boyfriend. Sylvia swears not to tell. Shortly after the Likens girls' arrival, Gertrude Baniszewski is upset to find that Lester has not sent the weekly money for the girls' board. She punishes the girls by whipping them with a belt. Soon thereafter, Gertrude receives the payment and a letter from the Likens, but throws the letter in the trash and says nothing to the Likens girls. While Paula and Sylvia are out with friends, Paula's boyfriend informs Paula that his wife has come back, then hits Paula when she pleads for him to stay with her. To stop the boyfriend's attack, Sylvia tells him that Paula is pregnant. Paula, furious, vows that Sylvia will pay for spilling her secret. Ricky Hobbs (Evan Peters), who likes Sylvia, observes the scene. Back at home, Paula tells Gertrude that Sylvia has been spreading lies about her. Gertrude forces Sylvia to apologize, and eventually has the second-youngest Baniszewski child, Johnny (Tristan Jarred), hold Sylvia so that Paula can beat her. Rumors spread around the school that Paula is pregnant. Jenny finds the letter from her parents in the garbage, prompting Sylvia and her to phone their parents. The call is cut short when they see the Baniszewski children coming. The Baniszewski children tell Gertrude about the phone call. Gertrude believes they stole money to make the long distance call, although they had traded bottles in for money. As a punishment for "stealing", Gertrude burns Sylvia with a cigarette. At a church lunch, Gertrude's youngest child's (baby) father, Andy (James Franco), says Sylvia has been spreading rumors that Paula was pregnant. When Sylvia returns home, Gertrude accuses Sylvia of telling more lies about her daughter, then forces Sylvia to put a Coke bottle up her vagina in front of the family. Gertrude then orders Sylvia to the basement. When Sylvia refuses, both Stephanie's boyfriend, Coy (Jeremy Sumpter), and Johnny throw her down the stairs. Jenny asks how long Sylvia will be in the basement, to which Gertrude replies "until she learns her lesson." Gertrude makes everyone swear that Sylvia was sent to juvenile hall. Johnny begins to bring neighborhood children into the basement so that they can torture Sylvia. When they hesitate, Johnny assures them that it is all right because his mother said that they could. The children visit regularly to beat Sylvia and burn her with cigarettes. Paula, who has begun to feel guilty, tells her mother she has been praying and thinks Sylvia has learned her lesson. Gertrude insists that Sylvia still needs to be punished, but Paula will have no part in it. When Paula confesses to her church pastor that she is pregnant, the pastor visits the Baniszewski home, where he is told that Gertrude sent Sylvia away for being a bad influence. When the pastor leaves, Gertrude orders everyone in the basement. She begins to brand "I'M A PROSTITUTE AND PROUD OF IT" on Sylvia's stomach with a hot needle, but is unable to finish. Ricky finishes the branding. Late one night, Paula comes to help Sylvia escape. One of the Baniszewski sisters awakens Gertrude, who tries to prevent the escape. Paula stops Gertrude, and Ricky drives Sylvia to her parents, who are horrified at their daughter's condition. The three of them go immediately to the Baniszewski household to make sure that Jenny is safe. Sylvia walks into the house only to see her own body lying on the floor while Stephanie screams that Sylvia isn't breathing. The standing Sylvia vanishes, making it plain that the "escape" was only a vivid hallucination before her own death. While Gertrude continues to insist that Sylvia is faking, Ricky calls the police. As the police are leaving, Jenny approaches them and says, "Get me out of here and I'll tell you everything." Jenny is shown on the stand, saying that Sylvia never did anything to Paula or Gertrude, but Gertrude had threatened her to keep quiet or she would get the same treatment. Gertrude is found guilty of first degree murder after denying that she did anything and blaming the torture on her children. Gertrude is shown in her prison cell, where an image of Sylvia appears. Before Gertrude can ask for forgiveness, the vision vanishes. Sylvia narrates the end, relating the punishments the others received. The film ends with Sylvia riding the carnival merry-go-round, where she always felt safe.
tt0312329
Biography,Drama,Romance
Meg Ryan stars in a true story about Jackie Kallen, the first female boxing manager who successfully broke the gender barrier of the boxing world. The film focuses on the relationship she has with her first boxer, Luther Shaw (Omar Epps) and his successful rise to the boxing championship and the inside dealings of the boxing game. Jackie turns Luther into a prizefighter with the help of trainer Felix Reynolds (Charles Dutton). During the press conference after each boxing win, Jackie is put in the spotlight and she lets fame go to her head. Jackie begins to believe that she is the one who made the boxer what he is today, and that she is doing all the work. This causes trouble between Jackie and the boxer. The boxer wants and gets a new manager. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0096316
Biography,Drama
This is the story of entrepreneur Preston Tucker and the innovative car he designed in the late 1940s. The car was attractive, economical, and safe, and had many features not found on the cars of that time -- an air-cooled rear engine, disk brakes, independent 4-wheel suspension, an additional center headlight that pivoted left and right for better vision when turning, a padded dash, seatbelts, and a popout safety windshield. Tucker's promotional activities generated widespread public excitement and interest in the car, but the powerful auto industry blocked its production. Only 50 cars were ever made. The plan was to produce the car in the former Dodge B-29 engine plant on the far southwest side of Chicago. Many Chicagoans invested in the Tucker Motor Corporation, and some bought dealerships. Even today, many people believe that then-Senator Homer Ferguson (R-Michigan) is the person most responsible for the loss of their investment in the revolutionary ahead-of-its-time "Tucker Torpedo".
tt0082334
Drama,Horror
The movie begins as single mother Carla Moran (Barbara Hershey) is violently raped in her home by an invisible assailant. A subsequent episode of poltergeist activity causes her to flee with her children to the home of her friend Cindy (Margaret Blye). They return to Carla's home and the following day, Carla is nearly killed when her car mysteriously goes out of control in traffic. Urged by Cindy to see a psychiatrist, Carla meets with Dr. Sneiderman (Ron Silver) and tentatively agrees to undergo therapy. A subsequent attack in her bathroom leaves bite marks and bruises, which Carla shows to Dr. Sneiderman, who believes she has inflicted them on herself (despite the marks showing up in places impossible for her to reach). We learn that Carla suffered a variety of traumas in her childhood and adolescence, including sexual and physical abuse, teenage pregnancy and the violent death of her first husband. Dr. Sneiderman believes her apparent paranormal experiences are delusions resulting from her past psychological trauma. Another night later, Carla is attacked again, this time in front of her children. Her son tries to intervene but he is hit by electrical discharges and his wrist is broken. Dr. Sneiderman urges her to commit herself to a psychiatric hospital for observation, but she refuses. After Cindy witnesses an attack, the two discuss possible supernatural causes. While visiting a local bookstore, Carla happens to meet two parapsychologists, whom she convinces to visit her home. Initially skeptical, they witness several paranormal events and agree to study the home. During their study, Dr. Sneiderman arrives and confronts Carla, trying to convince her that the manifestation is in her mind, but she dismisses him. Reassured that her case is being taken seriously, Carla begins to relax. Her boyfriend Jerry (Alex Rocco) visits and she suffers a particularly disturbing sexual attack, which he witnesses. Jerry leaves her bedroom briefly only to return and find Carla nude and pinned to the bed by an unseen force. Her breasts are pulsating rhythmically, as if being massaged by unseen hands, while she begs him for help. Hearing the commotion, Carlas son enters the room and believes that Jerry is harming her, prompting him to attack Jerry. Later at the hospital, Jerry is so troubled by what he saw that he ends their relationship. Desperate for a solution to her problem, Carla agrees to participate in an elaborate experiment carried out by the parapsychologists. A full mock-up of her home is created to lure the entity into a trap. Liquid helium will be used to freeze the entity, once inside. They presume that since the being can manipulate physical things, it must have physical mass, and therefore can be frozen. Before the experiment can begin, Dr. Sneiderman unsuccessfully tries to convince Carla to leave. The entity arrives but unexpectedly takes control of the liquid helium jets and uses them against Carla. She defiantly stands up to it, stating that it can never have her. Dr. Sneiderman rushes in and saves her. As they look back, they see the entity frozen for a brief period into a very large mass of ice. It eventually breaks free and vanishes. In the final scene, Carla returns to her house the next day. The front door slams by itself and she is greeted by a demonic voice. She calmly opens the door, exits the house, gets in a car with her family and leaves. A closing disclaimer verifies that Carla and her family have moved to Texas where Carla still experiences supernatural occurrences, but is no longer raped by the being.
tt0964586
Biography,Drama
Ten year-old Sandra is distinctly African looking. Her parents, Abraham and Sannie, are white Afrikaners, unaware of their black ancestry. They are shopkeepers in a remote area of the Eastern Transvaal and, despite Sandras mixed-race appearance, have lovingly brought her up as their white little girl. Sandra is sent to a boarding school in the neighbouring town of Piet Retief, where her (white) brother Leon is also studying, but parents and teachers complain that she doesnt belong. She is examined by State officials, reclassified as Coloured, and expelled from the school. Sandras parents are shocked, but Abraham fights through the courts to have the classification reversed. The story becomes an international scandal and media pressure forces the law to change, so that Sandra becomes officially White again. By the time she is 17, Sandra realises she is never going to be accepted by the white community. She falls in love with Petrus a black man, the local vegetable seller, and begins an illicit love affair. Abraham threatens to shoot Petrus and disown Sandra. Sannie is torn between her husbands rage and her daughters predicament. Sandra elopes with Petrus to Swaziland. Abraham alerts the police, has them arrested and put in prison. Sandra is told by the local magistrate to go home, but she refuses. Now Sandra must live her life, for the first time, as a black woman in South Africa with no running water, no sanitation, and little income. She and Petrus have two children, and although she feels more at home in this community, she desperately misses her parents and yearns for a reunion. After many more years of hardship and struggle, the chances of that reunion ever happening seem remote. But Sandra carries her father's advice with her wherever she goes: 'Never give up!' SKIN is a story of family, forgiveness and the triumph of the human spirit.
tt1316616
Biography,Drama,War
(From Studio synopsis) There Be Dragons follows the story of controversial Opus Dei founder, St. Josemara Escriv de Balaguer, in a sympathetic portrayal of the Catholic organization, bravely contradicting the sentiment set by Dan Browns The Da Vinci Code. In this action-packed film, Director Roland Joffe surrounds the priest with fictional characters and deals with universal themes of love, betrayal and redemption. The film begins when a young journalist begins investigating his estranged fathers relationship with Escriv during the tumultuous times of the Spanish Civil War and uncovers a compelling drama of the two mens complicated lives and the dark secrets of his familys past. Faced with the hardships and injustices that are tearing Spain apart, these two friends paths diverge when one pursues a life of faith and the other is swept into the brutality and horror of the Spanish Civil War. As personal and national battles rage, the characters lives collide and their deepest struggles are illuminated. Only then can they face the ultimate choices that will result in tragedy or triumph, and a chance for final redemption. There Be Dragons reveals the importance and timeless power of forgiveness in a story of loss between a father and son, of revolutionaries fighting for freedom, of a womans search for love and meaning and the struggles of a man whose life impacts them all.
tt1071812
Biography,Drama,Music
The inspirational true story, adapted from a best-selling autobiography, of a small boys extraordinary journey from poverty to international stardom. From a grueling apprenticeship as a classical dancer in communist China, to the glory of creative freedom in America. MAOS LAST DANCER captures the intoxicating effects of first love and celebrity, the pain of exile, and ultimately the triumph of individual endeavour over ideology.
tt1104083
Biography,Drama,Romance
In 1922, 18-year old Salvador Dal (Robert Pattinson) arrives at university in Madrid. The Residencia de Estudiantes, or student residences, is a modern environment which encourages Spain's brightest young minds. Salvador, who is determined to become a great artist, soon catches the attention of the Resi's social elite poet Federico Garca Lorca (Javier Beltran) and aspiring filmmaker Luis Buuel (Matthew McNulty). Together they form the nucleus of the most modern group in Madrid. Their private lives become increasingly complex as Federico ignores the advances of devoted friend and writer Magdalena (Marina Gatell), and Salvador himself feels the pull of Garca Lorca's magnetism. Luis, becoming increasingly isolated by the duo's closeness, decides to move to Paris to fulfill his own artistic ambitions. Meanwhile, Salvador and Federico leave Madrid to spend the summer at the seaside village of Cadaques, at the home of Dal's family. Federico finds himself accepted[1] into the Dal family as he and Salvador grow closer until, one night, their friendship becomes more.[2] Even as they draw closer, their relationship appears doomed. Luis visits them at university and becomes more suspicious and appalled by their apparent closeness. Dal finds Garca Lorca's obsession with him more than he is prepared to handle and moves to Paris. Consumed by the high society and decadence, Dal is soon entangled with Gala (Arly Jover) a married woman with a penchant for celebrities. When Garca Lorca visits, he finds his friend is a changed man, in his life and his politics.
tt0120684
Biography,Drama
Clay gets up from his trailer at the beach and drives to Mr. Jimmy's lush house, where he mows the lawn. Mr. Jimmy has a visit from David, who is concerned about his health. He then goes out to chat with Clay, his new gardener, and invites him to swim in the pool after he is done working. Clay says he needs to do another lawn later. An academic named Edmund Kay comes to visit Mr. Jimmy, and expresses his deep enthusiasm for his films. Jimmy takes him out back to the pool, and recalls his youth in London, and then his movement into movies and on to Hollywood. Mr. Jimmy becomes bored with Kay's questions, and suggests that Kay begin removing clothing in exchange for his answers. Kay begins disrobing to each of Jimmy's tales about homosexuals in Hollywood and making Frankenstein. Jimmy then gets lightheaded and needs Kay's help to get inside and lie down. His maid Hanna scolds him for chasing boys after just returning from the hospital. Jimmy goes to a doctor who explains that he had a stroke which has left his brain somewhat impaired. Jimmy sees Clay working out in the garden and invites him to talk over iced tea in his painting studio. Jimmy tells him he directed the first two Frankenstein movies, and they talk about his paintings. Jimmy tells Clay he has an expressive head and asks him to model for pay; Clay agrees. Clay arrives at Jimmy's house and Hanna asks if he is going to hurt him. Clay is confused, and she withdraws the question. Clay sits down in the studio to model for Jimmy, who asks him to remove his shirt, even though he only plans to draw his face. Jimmy begins to draw, telling Clay of a memory he has about eating fat drippings as a poor child. He explains how different he was from his family, more talented, more intelligent. Clay goes to a bar and boasts that a famous director is drawing him. Betty the bartender, whom Clay has slept with, turns on The Bride of Frankenstein on TV; meanwhile, Jimmy watches at home with Hanna. The others at the bar criticize the film for not being scary. Clay seems to understand the monster's feelings of loneliness. Flashback: Jimmy directs the performers on the set of Bride of Frankenstein. Clay and Betty talk outside the bar, and he gets upset that she does not want to sleep with him again. Clay calls his parents from a payphone but does not want to talk much. Jimmy dreams that Clay is Dr. Frankenstein, replacing his brain and electrifying him. Hanna tells Clay that Jimmy would like him to have lunch. The two talk as she cooks, and Hanna tells him he should be married. Hanna tells Clay that Jimmy commits unspeakable sins of the flesh, buggery. She is surprised that Clay did not know. Jimmy and Clay have a rather fancy lunch. Jimmy tells Clay that he had hoped Bride of Frankenstein would be seen as a comedy. Jimmy asks Clay to pose for an hour after lunch, and he declines. Jimmy explains that he had a "husband" named David, and Clay asks about his homosexuality. They smoke cigars, and Clay agrees to pose. During the sitting, Jimmy talks about how he made the successful Show Boat and then tried to make his WWI masterpiece The Road Back but the studio butchered it. He says he always wanted to go back to movies, but that was the end. He also broke up with David thereafter. Jimmy begins to describe how he used to have many male models, all naked, which upsets Clay so much he gets mad and storms out. Clay goes to Betty's bar but she is not there. He finds another woman and has sex with her in the parking lot. Clay returns to Jimmy's house and says he will sit for him again if he eases up on the locker room talk. Jimmy is curious that Clay has never known any gay men before, not even when he was in the Marines. Jimmy recalls a young soldier from WWI he mentored in the trenches, then becomes quite upset, looking at Clay intensely. After a calming moment, Jimmy asks Clay to drive him to a fancy party in another few days. Jimmy finds a gas mask and has another memory of the war. Clay drives Jimmy to the party, where they pay their respects to Princess Margaret and George Cukor. She is chatty but mistakes Jimmy for someone else; Cukor is more curt. David is there with Elizabeth Taylor, and he has an awkward chat with Jimmy. Kay also shows up, telling Jimmy he had Cukor invite him. Kay brings over Elsa Lanchester to chat, then Boris Karloff as well. Jimmy notices the resemblance between Karloff and Clay. A thunderstorm arises, and Jimmy asks Clay to take him home. They come in soaked from the rain. Jimmy offers Clay a baggy sweater, but he wears a towel over his waist. Clay confesses he never made it out of boot camp as a Marine since his appendix burst. Jimmy sketches Clay in the living room and they continue talking about fear and monsters. Jimmy describes how his beloved soldier was gunned down in the war and died. Clay reassures Jimmy that he survived the war. Jimmy reveals that his sketches have been nothing but scribblings, his mental powers are lost. Clay stands up and takes off his sweater, offering Jimmy to draw him like a statue. Jimmy grabs the gas mask and asks Clay to wear it, kissing his shoulders and trying to grab his penis. Clay reacts violently and beats him, but Jimmy asks Clay to kill him, placing his hands on his throat. Clay refuses and throws Jimmy to the floor. Jimmy apologizes. Clay helps him to bed. Jimmy has a dream of standing with Clay, looking over the bodies of dead WWI soldiers. Jimmy walks down among them, finding his beloved comrade, and lays down next to him. Clay wakes up at Jimmy's house. He finds the portrait of the monster that Jimmy drew for Frankenstein next to him. He then quickly dives into the pool when he sees Jimmy floating face down. Hanna runs out with a suicide note from Jimmy while Clay says he didn't do it. Hanna tells him to leave to avoid investigation, but Clay suggests they put his body back in the pool. Years later, Clay is watching a scene from Bride of Frankenstein on TV with his son, in which a blind man befriends the monster. Clay smokes a cigarette while the monster smokes one in the movie. After the movie, Clay shows his skeptical son the sketch of the monster. Jimmy has written on the back: "For Clayton. Friend?" Clay goes out in the street and starts to walk in the rain like the monster.
tt0312549
Biography,Crime,Drama
Veronica Guerin is a feisty crime reporter for the Sunday Independent. When she becomes aware of how much Dublin's illegal drug trade is encroaching upon the lives of its working class citizens, especially the children, she becomes determined to expose the men responsible for its spread. Guerin begins by interviewing the prepubescent addicts who shoot up on the street or in abandoned buildings in the housing projects. Her investigation leads her to major suppliers and John Traynor, a notable source of information about the criminal underworld. Traynor is willing to assist her to an extent but is not above misleading her in order to protect himself from nefarious drug lord John Gilligan. In order to steer her away from Gilligan, Traynor suggests Gerry Hutch, a criminal known as The Monk, is in charge of the operation. Guerin pursues him with a vengeance, only to discover he is not involved. As Guerin's investigation deepens and she comes closer to the truth, she and her family become targets. When a bullet fired through a window in her home as a warning fails to stop her, she is shot in the leg and the life of her young son Cathal is threatened. Her husband Graham, mother Bernie, and brother Jimmy implore her to stop, but when Guerin confronts Gilligan at his home and he savagely beats her, she becomes more determined to expose him for who he is. Rather than press charges against him, which would necessitate her being removed from the story, she forges ahead with her investigation. On June 26, 1996, Guerin appears in court to respond to an accumulation of parking tickets and numerous citations for speeding she has ignored. She is charged a nominal fine of 100, and while en route home calls her mother and then her husband to report the good news. She is speaking to her office while stopped at a red light on the Naas Dual Carriageway when a motorcycle with two men on it pulls up beside her. The driver breaks the window of her car and then shoots her six times. The two flee and dispose of the bike and the gun in a nearby river. Guerin is mourned by her family, friends, associates, and the country at large. Her martyrdom results in the establishment of the Criminal Assets Bureau, and Gilligan and several of his henchmen are tried and sentenced to lengthy prison terms. In an epilogue, we learn "Veronica Guerin's writing turned the tide in the drug war. Her murder galvanised Ireland into action. Thousands of people took to the streets in weekly anti-drug marches, which drove the dealers out of Dublin, and forced the drug barons underground. Within a week of her death, in an emergency session of Parliament, the Government altered the Constitution of the Republic of Ireland to allow the High Court to freeze the assets of suspected drug barons. Everyone in the Republic of Ireland remembers where they were when they heard that Veronica Guerin had been murdered on the Naas Road."
tt0441007
Biography,Drama,Sport
Gracie is an underdog story set against the back drop of high school soccer. The movie is loosely based on the lives of actors Andrew Shue (who played professional soccer) and Elisabeth Shue (who played on boys soccer teams until she was 13). In the 1980's the Shue family did lose their oldest son in an accident. Johnny Bowen is a star on the Columbia High School soccer team in South Orange, New Jersey, in 1978. The movie opens with a bet that involves kicking a soccer ball and hitting a bottle perched on the hood of a car, twenty yards away. Johnny coaches his sister Gracie through the mechanics of the kick. When she says that it is too much to remember, he tells her, "Take your time...you can do anything". At the sound of the bottle smashing on impact, we hear the classic rock song, "Don't Look Back" by Boston as we watch Johnny and Gracie gleefully dribbling and passing a soccer ball to each other throughout 1978 South Orange, New Jersey. When they get home, they are met by their father, Bryan Bowen (played by Dermot Mulroney), who is annoyed that Johnny is late to his coaching session. While two younger Bowen boys take part in the practice on a makeshift soccer pitch in the Bowen's driveway, the father is dismissive of Gracie's desire to take part as well. Bryan Bowen is a working man who we learn has played soccer himself and is now immersed in Johnny's soccer career. The night of the big game against rival Kingston High School, Bryan Bowen is nervous as he instructs Johnny how to stretch and when to stretch. During the big game, Johnny scores for Columbia, but during the shootout, Johnny hits the crossbar, losing the game. After the game, Gracie waits for her brother to come out of the locker room to comfort him. As they exit the locker room, Johnny puts his arm around Gracie in understated thanks. However, still upset, he gets into his teammates' car. The next shot is of the reflection of red police lights flashing on Gracie's bedroom ceiling. We learn that Johnny has died in a car accident. At the final team dinner, Bryan Bowen tells the rest of the team that Johnny loved playing soccer and exhorts them to beat Kingston next season because that is what Johnny would have wanted. "Do it for Johnny", he tells them. The next morning, when Gracie announces that she will play varsity soccer and take Johnny's spot on the team with her Dad's coaching, her younger brothers and father all laugh at her. Outside in the rain, Bryan Bowen proves that Gracie is not even good enough to beat her younger brother. When Gracie tearfully asks for her Dad's help, he refuses telling her, "It's this simple. You're not tough enough. They're gonna cream you". Winter passes, and the soccer net in the Bowen's yard falls into disrepair. Gracie loses interest in school and starts smoking. When she dresses provocatively to go out, her father barely notices. Grace's mom (played by Elisabeth Shue), tells her husband, "You still have three other children". On a date with Kyle, the captain of the soccer team, Grace asks if he thinks a girl can play, to which he laughs. Determined to prove that she is tough enough, Gracie begins training alone. With Bruce Springsteen's, "Growing Up" in the background, we see Gracie running and sneaking into the boy's weight room and getting stronger. In an effort to get close to the soccer team, she continues to date Kyle, the soccer captain who treats her badly. We learn that Grace cheated on an exam and is on academic probation. During the summer, Grace steals the family car and goes to a club on the Jersey shore. When her father finds her in the car with a strange man, he brings her home and sets up a meeting with the high school soccer coach. The coach tells them there is no girls soccer team, and it is up to the school board whether or not Gracie can try out for the boys varsity soccer team. Bryan Bowen agrees to train Gracie, telling her, "I don't know if you are good enough but let me help you". Bryan Bowen agrees to train Gracie but initially focuses just on conditioning, not believing that she will ever make the team. Realizing she has to start training with boys, Gracie gets into a pick-up soccer game but is manhandled by the boys. Gracie then learns that the school board has denied her request to play soccer. Bryan Bowen tells Gracie that the coach agreed to let her play field hockey. Angry, Gracie tracks down the School Board Chairwoman who agrees to hold a hearing. At the hearing, the women's coach tells the Board that Title IX provides money for a girls soccer team, but there is no interest, "because soccer is not considered a girls sport". Kyle, the boy soccer captain, says that the team would be afraid to play hard if she was on the team, adding, "Just because she's Johnny's sister and he died, doesn't mean she should play." Gracie's mom makes an emotional appeal, telling the committee that her daughter is "fierce...She loves to win. She loves competing." After a split vote, the Chairwoman decides that Gracie can tryout, but it is up to the coach if she makes the boys varsity team. At grueling all day tryouts, Grace survives three cuts, including being roughed up by Kyle, only to learn that she is awarded a spot on the junior varsity squad, a first for any girl. Then she learns that her father was offered a coaching job. Bitter, Grace tells her father she won't do it. She quits. Bryan Bowen tells his daughter, "Johnny played more for me than he did for himself. You're different...You truly love this game." Thinking that he is just appeasing her, Gracie still threatens to quit. Flustered, her father angrily tells her, "Quit because you're not good enough, but don't quit because you got your feelings hurt." He then tells her that she has to dig deep to prove to everyone else that she is good enough. Swallowing her pride, Gracie begins practicing with the JV squad and logs long hours afterwards practicing penalty shots. When the coach tells her to suit up for the big game against Kingston, Grace thinks the coach just wants her to be a token bench warmer. In sudden death, with the score tied, Kyle draws a penalty kick. Coach puts Gracie in to take the free kick. Grace thinks about everything her brother taught her, lines up her shot, and makes a strong kick, which is blocked by the goalie. Shaking off her disbelief, Gracie gets her head back in the game but gets knocked down several times by the larger Kingston players. Digging deep, Gracie calls for the ball, powers her way around several defenders, avoids slide tackles, and scores the winning goal.
tt0081748
Biography,Comedy
The film opens in the mountain cabin of one Dr. Hunter S. Thompson (Bill Murray), gonzo journalist extraordinaire. He is holed up with his dog Bronco and a plethora of alcohol and drugs, struggling with a looming deadline to produce a magazine article about his eccentric former attorney, Carl Lazlo, Esq. (Peter Boyle). When his fax machine begins beeping with a call from his publisher, he angrily shoots it with one of his many guns (in this case, a .45 revolver); he then "get[s] a grip" and sits down to his typewriter. His voice-over narration reflects what he writes, as it does throughout the film. Fade to 1968, early in Thompson's career. He is holed up on an upper-story hospital room with a loud stereo, a pack of drugs and alcohol, and a nubile student nurse (Sunny Johnson). A nurse explains to a doctor that he arrived there claiming to have been chased by Richard Nixon and attacked by a swarm of bats. At this point, Lazlo, a wild-haired, mustachioed liberal attorney, arrives. Finding Thompson's room barricaded from the inside, he calmly walks through the neighboring (and occupied) room and, after helping himself to some of the patients' pills, climbs out onto the balcony and bursts into Thompson's room from the window. This sends Thompson's drugged-out companion into a nearly-catatonic state (she believes Lazlo to be a giant bat), but Lazlo remains calm as he offers his legal advice to Thompson and eats some food. (Lazlo eating some of Thompson's food is a running theme of the film and suggests that he [Lazlo] is not above sponging off those around him.) As the hospital staff begins to break down the door, Thompson and Lazlo unhurriedly escape and miraculously get down to Lazlo's car and escape just as the doctors and nurses break in. On the road, Thompson simultaneously drives and types Lazlo's running commentary about the sorry state of America's legal system, vis-a-vis their treatment of teenagers on drug charges. They arrive at the courthouse where Lazlo is about to go before a judge to defend a large group of kids who, in various combinations, have all been arrested for possession of marijuana. He insists on taking all the cases to bench trial, which serves only to irritate the judge and district attorney; all the defendants receive very harsh penalties. After one such outrage, when a teenager is given five years for possession of a joint, Lazlo reacts violently and ends up throwing the district attorney over the judge's bench. As the court is hurriedly cleared and Thompson struggles to snap pictures, Lazlo screams at him to "tell the world" what happened. Back at BLAST Magazine headquarters, Thompson's beleagured publisher Marty (Bruno Kirby) paces back and forth waiting for Thompson to deliver his story. Presently Thompson arrives, but teases Marty for a while before finally giving up the story in exchange for the cheque. Thompson's voice-over comes back in as we see Lazlo languishing in a jail cell with one of his defendants. Los Angeles, 1972; in voice-over, Thompson explains that Lazlo quit the legal system and dropped out of sight, and as the 60s ended many counterculturalists, in Thompson's words, "got off the boat," but not everyone did, including Lazlo, Nixon, and himself. Now a successful and popular writer, Thompson is in town covering Super Bowl VI (this is an error, as the 1972 Super Bowl was actually held in New Orleans). He arrives at his hotel in a hallucinogenic state, mildly assaulting his driver before remembering where he is and what he is doing. At the front desk, he terrorizes the clerk by ordering large amounts of electronic equipment and food (including 16 grapefruit), and proceeds to turn his room into a slightly grotesque piece of modern art, complete with toilet paper and variously-placed fruit. When the hotel staff comes to quiet him down (as requested by a professional gambler [Leonard Gaines] who "needs a super rest" for the game), they are sucked into his world and willingly take the marijuana and alcohol he provides. The next morning, Thompson is sitting in the hotel restaurant, eating a huge breakfast and listening to his tape recorder. His recording from when he awoke says that he did so to find that the hotel employees had broken in, drank all his liquor, did all his drugs, and stole his dinner. At the entrance, the aforementioned gambler is speaking on the phone with an associate, bemoaning his sleepless night; just then Lazlo appears wearing a Nixon mask, which prompts the gambler to give up on the game and go home to escape the "nuthouse." Lazlo sits down at Thompson's table, gives him the mask as a present, and then persuades him to give up on the Super Bowl story and go with him to some unknown destination. Outside, Thompson gives his tickets, press pass, and room key to two random guys, and they set off. On the road, Lazlo talks about where he has been the past four years; namely, becoming enlightened. He now is actively trying to promote world revolution, and he does this with a small band of weirdos by smuggling weapons to revolutionaries in impoverished countries. At the ranch, Thompson quickly sees the futility of what Lazlo is doing but comes with him anyway to a rendezvous at a isolated airfield, where Lazlo's group will load up a plane with guns and fly it away. At the airstrip, however, a police helicopter arrives and begins to descend; Lazlo and his group escape in the loaded plane, but Thompson refuses to follow, and the police follow the copter. Later in 1972, Thompson is covering the presidential campaign, but takes some time to appear at a university for a Q&A with the students. The hall is packed and he is very late, and needs to be coaxed quite a bit by the event coordinator to even go on at all, but eventually goes out and wows the crowd with his eccentric views and answers. One student asks about Lazlo and puts forth the idea that he never really existed; Thompson responds that he was real, but he was now believed dead. Back on the campaign trail, he gets on the press plane that follows Richard Nixon (referred to only as "the candidate") around. He stands out starkly from the rest of the buttoned-down reporters, dressed in Bermuda shorts, a loud Hawaiian shirt, and a maroon sports jacket. Onboard, he frightens the young reporter next to him (Michael Cornelison) by producing an enormous hunting knife to slice his grapefruit ("They never search me"), then by speaking into his tape recorder about being divebombed by poisonous ravens on his way to catch the plane. Just then, the candidate's aide Dooley (Mark Metcalf) comes in and throws Thompson off the plane, demanding that he fly on the "zoo" plane with the technicians. The zoo plane is considerably different than the straight-laced reporter plane; the people are all hippies and drugs and alcohol flow freely (even amongst the crew). Also onboard this flight, though, is another reporter, Harris from the Post (Rene Auberjonois), due to overcrowding on the other plane. He sits down next to Thompson and tries to settle down to work, but the loud noise and constant physical distress drive him to distraction. That is, until Thompson produces some "headache pills," his blue ones; Harris takes two, and within an hour he is in the grip of Thompson's powerful hallucinogens. By the time the plane lands, Thompson has switched their clothes and infiltrates the reporter entourage by posing as Harris. As he washes up in the bathroom, Thompson gets a surprise visitor: Nixon himself (Richard M. Dixon, but voiced by Brian Cummings) comes in to relieve himself. Thompson launches into a tirade that the country is divided into the "Screwheads" and the "Doomed," who live in fear of the Screwheads. He asks Nixon what the country is doing for the Doomed, to which Nixon replies, "Fuck the doomed!" Back aboard the reporter plane, on which Thompson has reappeared disguised as Harris, he suddenly spots none other than Lazlo walking across the tarmac, wearing a three-piece white suit. Realizing that the appearance of Lazlo will destroy his chance of continuing on the campaign trail, he hurriedly invites the same young reporter that he terrorized before (who does not recognize him in his disguise) to sit in his row and tell Lazlo that the seat between them is taken. He does so when Lazlo boards, but Lazlo ignores him and sits down next to Thompson. He begins telling him, in an increasingly excited and loud voice, about his new plan: to buy land in the middle of the desert and build a socialist paradise. At this point Dooley arrives and, fed up with Thompson, promptly throws him off the plane for good; when he insults Lazlo, Thompson punches him in the face and the two escape while Thompson holds the reporters and Secret Service at bay with a fire extinguisher (he gets a good shot in on Nixon when the candidate pokes his head out of his door for a moment). On the runway, Thompson watches as the plane takes off and tells Lazlo that he won't help him with his project, because Lazlo is "insane, a raving maniac." Back in the present at his ranch, Thompson finishes the story and sits down next to his dog to read him the end. Reading, he speaks of how Lazlo and Nixon were both gone (the latter being eaten by white cannibals on an island near Tijuana), and that he, Thompson, got out because, through it all, it never got weird enough for him.
tt0094747
Biography,Drama,Music
Charlie 'Bird' Parker (Forest Whitaker) is cheered by the audience to a small jazz club in New York City. He goes home feeling exultant, but his wife Chan Parker -ne Richardson- (Diane Venora) is in no mood to have sex or be kind to him. During the following row, Chan wonders whether she did good in letting him in. The shouting wakes the baby up, and Charlie says he'll tend to him; however Chan prefers that he keeps away from the baby. Charlie feels heart-broken at that, so he takes another dose of some drugs. His body can't take them anymore, so he falls to the floor all bloodied. Chan doesn't feel any warmth towards him: her attitude is like "here we go again". She is emotionally drained. Charlie goes to hospital, but feels the need to take drugs, which leads to a fight with an alcoholic patient (George Orrison). The director of the clinic worries about the finances of the treatment, and Chan blames his painful bleeding ulcers for Charlie's fall into drugs yet again. Charlie has these flashbacks about him seeing a dead body and a relative asking young Charlie (Damon Whitaker) to take some revenge, and of a broken drum flying by. The director wants to give Charlie the shock treatment, but Chan feels that such a thing will end with Charlie's creativity and brilliant performances for good, which will leave unable to prive for himself and his family. Chan reminiscences about Charlie's debut in New York -Charlie from "just around"-. The talkative doorman (Chris Bosley) is witness to that, the same as a young Chan. Charlie replaces Don. Another player throws his instrument to the river after hearing Charlie. Charlie appears on the first page of the newspaper. Charlie admits that he owes everything to Dizzy Gillespie (Samuel E. Wright) on his way to the probation panel judges. Morello (Richard Jeni) is trying to get Charlie some work. Agent Moscowitz (Sam Robards) keeps on pestering Charlie trying to get from him the names of his drug dealers. Charlie reminiscences about him going on a tour to California back in 1939, and waking Dizzy and his wife Lorraine in the middle of the night so that he writes some music he's just improvised. Charlie makes a pass at Chan. Frog (Tony Todd) is also interested in Charlie Parker's girl. Charlie used to say to Chan that she calms him down, but she wants to make men crazy. After a performance, Esteves (James Handy) visits him but Charlie doesn't want to talk to him. Charlie goes out with Chan, but his drug habits get on the way. She is also constantly complaining about his many other girls. She gets pregnant from whoever knows who. Charlie leaves, leaving her with the problem. One night, on a Hollywood tour, he meets Red Rodney (Michael Zelniker), who also plays the trumpet. Charlie tells him never to touch drugs and gives him the opportunity to play with him. That night, Charlie has sex with Audrey (Anna Levine). She takes him to the home of Stravinsky, whom Charlie admires. Charlie rings the bell. He goes to the door with his wife, but Charlie does not dare to say anything. Charlie longs to have such a good home at a nice neighborhood close to Thomas Mann, Huxley and other famous writers. Audrey goes to the same dentist than Stravinsky, and that's why she knew where he lived. Charlie's music is off the air due to morality concerns. Charlie has problems to find drugs, so he resorts to drinking. Chan tries to convince club owners (Steve Zettler & Al Pugliese) that he's ready to work, but its' difficult. Charlie goes to Chan's as his eldest daughter and her grandmother are waiting for him. Charlie is pressured into give the names of fellow drug addicts by Moscowitz. As Charlie is broke, he embarks on a Parisian tour, which is really successful that he has the opportunity to stay there forever with a better life, with people respecting him and his music. Back in New York, he needs to convince his musicians John Wilson (Hubert Kelly) and Billy McNabb to wait for him. Red Rodney offers him a gid playing at a wedding to earn some money on the while. They are relatives of Red Rodney, who is a Jewish guy. He improvises, as usual. The bride's father (Lou Catell) is happy about it and pays him what was agreed. Charlie wants to open Birdland to play there. Rodney phones Chan home because Charlie has gone back to his old ways. Rodney is a star on his own right. Charlie offers Rodney some gigs deep south with a mixed band. Rodney is worried they'll get lynched, but Charlie thinks hes' got that covered. They have to drive there themselves. Charlie says that Rodney is an albino black singer so instead of going to a nicer white hotel, he will share the blacks' accommodation - which is not very good. Red has to sing the blues, at first with little confidence, but then he goes with it. Red is sick with kidney stones. When he has to go to see a local doctor (Richard McKenzie). The nurse (Gretchen Oehler) tends to him and gets his history of previous kidney stones. Later, Red Rodney buys some stronger painkiller from the corrupt local doctor, simply offering some extra cash. The nurse stays silent throughout. Baroness Nica (Diane Salinger) is amazed at him. Rodney and Charlie have a conversation in which each one doubts that the other one will see forty. Buster Franklin asks Rodney to betray Charlie. Rodney gets a year on jail. Charlie keeps on playing, getting awards, recording songs and improvising. Chan has got three children by now. They have all moved onto a better apartment. One of her daughters, Pree, is deeply sick. Charlie feels so unwelcome that he leaves to a bar. He asks Rodney where he can find some more drugs. Soon afterwards, he's walking half-dizzy in the pouring rain. Moscowitz sends him to jail. Charlie's lawyer (Peter Crook) cannot make much when he's before the judge (Mathew Faison). Charlie'd rather go to jail and have his cabaret card signed afterwards than to stay on probation for such a long time. Charlie keeps on taking drugs because they appease him, they make him forget his physical pain, his heartache and his problems. Charlie is with a chick on a club while Chan has to take Pree to hospital. A nun (Patricia Herd) asks Chan whether Pree has been baptized. Meanwhile, Charlie is away at a barbecue party, getting late to his gigs. Dizzy says to him that he himself tries to be reliable to break white people's expectations, and he also feels that people will remember Charlie more. Charlie sends a telegram expressing his condolences to Chan. He looks distraught but he stays with Audrey throughout the ordeal. He stays with her and gets drugged again. That's what leads to Charlie making a suicide attempt to his life with iodine. His wife is the one who put her there. Chummy Morello wants Charlie to tour again. He tells Red Rodney, who is in love with Violet Wells (Ann Weldon) now. Chan moves with her children to a smaller shabby house which her mother can't rent, in the hopes of mending it and making a stable home for her family. Charlie visits them and then leaves to a gig in Chicago. He has to drive as nobody would pay for his plane tickets - he's got infamous for his lack of reliability, his missed gigs, etc... Back at New York, all the jazz bars have been turned into strip joints. The rith-'n'-blues rhythm has changed into rock'n'roll, the new sensation, and that's what's played by Brewster Franklin (Michael McGuire). Franklin leads the life of a rock'n'roll star, with hundreds of screaming fans eager to kiss - or to be shagged - by him after sitting concerts, to which Charlie responds by stealing an instrument and playing. Bernie can't find Charlie any more work, as he has the tendency to show up too late. Bernie tells Charlie to call Chan, who is really worried about him. Charlie tells her about a Boston gig, and pretense that everything's all right. Chan tries to be supportive, but she can't believe him anymore. Charlie goes to Baroness Nica's posh hotel suite. She calls a doctor (Don Starr), who tells her that Charlie is beyond repair. Charlie drinks -as usual-, he watches TV and laughs. It looks like he's having a heart attack. He remembers about people he knew, people who called him Yardbird, Pree's coffin, the body he was supposed to be avenging... Charlie "Bird" Parker dies later that night, on March 12, 1955 of a heart attack. Nica tries to reach Chan on the phone desperately to give her the news. At Nica's, a reporter (Jim Lane) thinks that Charlie was 65 years old, and gets startled when Nica corrects him: Charlie was only 34. -KrystelClaire-
tt0095243
Biography,Drama
A Kentucky woman, Dian Fossey is inspired by anthropologist Louis Leakey to devote her life to the study of primates. Travelling into deepest Africa, Fossey becomes fascinated with the lives and habits of the rare mountain gorillas of the Rwandan jungle. Studying them at close quarters, Fossey develops a means of communicating with the gorillas, and in doing so becomes obsessed with the apes' well-being. She becomes so preoccupied with her vocation that she loses the opportunity of a romance with the National Geographic photographer Bob Campbell. Appalled by the poaching of the gorillas for their skins, hands, and heads, Fossey complains to the Rwandan government, which dismisses her, claiming that poaching is the only means by which some of the Rwandan natives can themselves survive. She rejects this, and dedicates herself to saving the African Mountain gorilla from illegal poaching and likely extinction. To this end she forms and leads numerous anti-poaching patrols, and even burns down the poachers' villages and stages a mock execution of one of the offenders. Fossey is mysteriously murdered on December 26, 1985, in the bedroom of her cabin.
tt0161860
Biography,Drama
The film begins in Africa, a picture of a boy riding his bicycle through the open plains carrying a note of great significance to the main characters. A once prominent Jewish family has been torn apart by the promise of war in their homeland. WWII is on the verge of breaking out across Europe and the Nazi party's stranglehold is tightening around Germany's neck. Cut to an icy glade in Germany where many children are sledding and playing in the snow. A mother and daughter are sledding together down a snowcapped hill; Regina, afraid of her own shadow and even little dogs, and her mother Jettel, an ambitious socialite. Still in Germany after Walter, a former lawyer (Regina's father/Jettel's husband) has fled to a farm in Kenya where he is working as the foreman but has caught malaria, Regina and Jettel are still living a life of comfort until they receive a letter from Walter. The letter beckons them to come to Kenya where the Nairoibi population of Jewish citizens has agreed to pay their fare into the country. In his letter, Walter begs Jettel to bring an icebox, mosquito netting and to leave the China at home as it will be no use in their new home. Max, Walter's father, wishes the family well but does not wish to accompany them as he feels that everything will be okay within a year or two. Cut back to Kenya where Walter is still sick with malaria, the farm's African cook Ouwour dismisses the normal Quinine treatment prescribed by Ssskind, a German expatriate and family friend, in favor of an African herbal treatment and miraculously Walter is healed. Upon being healed, a bond is formed between Walter and Ouwour when Walter gives his former judicial robes to Ouwour for curing him, stating that "he no longer needs the robe, he was a lawyer in his first life; he needs to think with his braun, not with his brain now. Six months later, Regina and Jettel arrive in Rongai, Kenya with Walter. Walter recognizes immediately that Jettel has no desire to think of Africa as her new home and views it only as a stop in their lives as opposed to a second life. Regina on the other hand immediately forms a bond with Ouwour and begins to adapt to life in Kenya, befriending the local children and exploring her surroundings. Pan shortly into the future and Regina is becoming an independent child, no longer afraid of snow and small dogs. Ssskind comes to deliver supplies and stay with the family; Jettel naively asks how long he has been away from home, to which he replies "this is my home." This is a sense of awakening for Jettel who until now has perceived their rickety farmhouse as only a place to stay. That night Walter and Jettel get into an argument because she had foolishly packed the china and finer goods and left the more important goods, pertinent to their surroundings, at home because she simply refused to let go of their former pampered lifestyle. With no other real companion than Ourwour, Regina begins to learn the lay of the land and the day to day of African life from him whereas Jettel still looks at him as almost a slave. She asks for his help to gather water in one scene, to which he replies that it is womans work yet she persists. He is mercilessly teased by the African women at the waterhole because he allows his ties to the family to outweigh tradition. Six months later, still on the farm, Jettel is still unhappy with their lack of plush surroundings and complains that she needs meat and is tired of eating "slop." This bothers Walter who reluctantly and in anger informs her that they escaped Germany in the nick of time; the Nazi's had raided Jewish residences, businesses and synagogues and had sacked them all. Jettel finally begins to realize that Walter might have been right all along in his assessment that they had to leave Germany and that the Nazi's looked at the Jews as subhuman. On Nov. 10, 1938, Walter writes his father a letter begging him to leave and bring the family to Kenya before it is too late. Walter has realized that his parents are some of the most important people in his life because they were always there for him and now he wants to be there for his family, to provide the way his parents did. Meanwhile, Jettle still has biases against the black population and thinks they are dirty, warning Regina against anything unusual they might try to make her eat or do. Regina, already stubborn and curious, sets off to do just that. Fast forward a little and Jettle starts to realize Ouwour is more than a slave, that he is a smart individual. Six months after that, Regina and her father are loving their "second life" while Jettel is slowly coming to realize what life as an Afrcan is like. Shortly after Walter and Regina and Jettel begin to really adjust, war fully breaks out between the British and Nazi Germany and all Germans living in British holdings, including Jews, are imprisoned in internment camps. Walter goes to one, Jettel and Regina to another, Regina making Ouwour swear he will find them when they get out. For Walter it is a sad and lonely time where he questions whether two people are truly meant to be together for their whole lives. For Jettel it is a retreat back into civilization as the women are put up in a 5 star resort and pampered because the British cannot find other holdings for them. Though back in a pampered environment, Jettel realizes that Regina needs a stable home, even though she is flourishing still and learning English to boot, and that although Jettel prefers a life of luxury, she must be there to support her husband in his wishes. When the Jewish women of the camp begin to organize a drive to allow their husbands to be released, Jettel goes along with them and writes a letter to the Jewish community to help organize their release. Meanwhile, Walter begins to question why Germany would turn its back on them and becomes embittered against the Nazi regime. Once their release is organized, it is reliant upon the men of the family having a job to go back to. Because Walter has been terminated from his job as farm steward he cannot be released. Jettel arranges for a special visit to the Jewish community leader in Nairobi to ask for help yet she cannot arrange it. Upon learning of her wishes, a British soldier who speaks German and has had his eye on Jettel proposes that he can help arrange a job for Walter through some of his contacts but it comes at a cost; Jettel must sleep with him. With her marriage on the rocks and she wishing for her family's protection she willingly agrees. A job on a new farm in, Kenya is arranged and the family moves there. Once again, Regina flourishes in her African surroundings, absorbing culture and life as easily as if she were a native. However, Walter and Jettel have problems as he begins to suspect Jettel may have been unfaithful in order to provide his release. This, accompanied with his embitterment towards Germany lead him down a further path of despair and desolation towards his country. Finally accepting her life as woman of the farm, Jettel begins to enjoy her African surroundings and day to day life that comes with it. On October 2, 1940, the family receives word from his father that it is impossible for them to emigrate now and that he is afraid for his and his family's well-being. This is a major blow to Walter and he begins to resent Hitler and his regime to a point of no return. Shortly after, Owour miraculously finds the family on their new farm and once again restores a sense of order to them. Through his teachings, Regina truly befriends the village children and starts to become immersed in the culture. While Jettel does not mind, she begins to reinstate her wishes that Regina attend school and learn a proper education. Six months later, Regina begins to attend a British ran school where, although she is not exiled, she quickly becomes aware of how Jewish means different to others: no prayer participation, different rules, and somewhat of an unease coming from the other children. Although it is different, Regina thrives in her schoolwork, mainly due to her drive to achieve despite being different. While she is gone, Walter and Jettel struggle to find themselves back in love. Once again the question of love for life is brought up and although neither of them agree that they want to be with each other, they seem to recognize that they need each other even if it is only for one anothers sake. They reach out to each other in a philosophical form more than a loving form but it seems to keep them together. Regina visits sporadically and still fits right into the African culture of the village despite her preening at the British academy. Meanwhile, Jettel is settling more firmly into her role as woman-ward of the farm, taking more part in the day to day running of the farm. It is during one of Regina's visits that the family receives news that their relatives in Germany are being sent to concentration camps in Poland. Walter tells Jettel that Poland means death yet she is unwilling to accept that at face value even though she knows the truth in his words. While Walter becomes more and more embittered towards his former homeland and begins to want to do something about it, Jettel seems to embrace Africa more and more. At one point she cannot leave an old woman to die alone and a villager explains to her that this is the way of the tribe, to be with the ancestors. This seems to comfort Jettel in that she begins to realize that her family too will be with their ancestors. Months later, Ssskind visits and informs Walter that the British army is allowing Jewish Germans to enlist to fight against the Nazi's. While Jettel doesn't like his decision, she becomes resigned to it and assumes Walter's responsibility as head of the farm with Ouwour's help. Once Walter has left however, Susskind begins to visit the farm more often and plays upon Jettels need for companionship. This goes on for a few months until Walter returns on leave after the Allies landed in Normandy in force, symbolizing the beginning of the end for Nazi Germany. Regina however, aware of her mother's former tryst with the British soldier, is unforgiving toward her friendliness with Ssskind and confronts her. This has two effects on her mother, the first of which is that she recognizes that Regina is becoming a woman and is struggling with her own rites of passage between becoming a woman of the "civilized" world and that of the African. The second is a new found respect for her husband and what he has done to keep the family safe and together. While being Jewish, she comes to recognize that faith and ethnicity have nothing to do with the perception of the outside world when they refuse to see you as human; much as she formerly thought of the African people when she first came to the continent from Germany. When Walter returns again on leave, he and Jettel share a passionate night in which they conceive a child. It is on this night that he informs her that their family is dead and that he has been chosen to go back to Germany to start a new western government there. In November of 1946, he receives his commission to go back and must prepare his family for their return. Neither Regina nor Jettel take this news well as they have both immersed themselves in the culture as he once had when he first arrived on the continent. The roles of husband and wife had now been reversed as she was happy finally as the proprietor of their farm instead of missing their former plush life in Germany and with him wishing to return to it. In the end it is Regina, reluctant as she is to return to a land of which all she remembers is fear that is the voice of reason between the two parties. Ssskind is at dinner with them when Walter announces his decision that they will return to Germany, Ssskind, the first to embrace Africa as his home cannot understand Walter's welcoming readiness to embrace Germany as his country once again, angering Walter. Jettel wants to stay at the farm and continue their life as framers while Walter wants to return to Germany and build a new, non-corrupt political system. They fight and he begins to leave back to the military base when a huge swarm of locusts come to the farm and threaten the entire crop. As he is leaving he sees the entire village go out to protect the crop and he remembers Regina's last words to him, "mother needs you." He joins the fight against the locusts and when Jettel sees this it seems to rekindle the flame between them, she thinking he'd already made up his mind to leave. While he is still torn between love for country and love for family, Walter tells Jettel that he cannot and will not leave without her. She leaves the decision in his hands resigning herself to the love of her life over the love of her new country. When preparing to leave, Walter finds Ouwour preparing for a journey of his own, a long safari he must go on in order to keep from dying of heartbreak, so deep is his love for this family that has come to cherish his country. Walter finds the robe he gave him upon first meeting and tells him he has forgotten it. Ouwour responds that he has not forgotten it, it was never his to forget as Walter had told him that he didn't need it in his new life. Ouwour calmly informs Walter that he is returning back to his first life and leaving his second, so he will probably need the robe again. The family boards a train to return to Germany, thus coming full circle in their journey for a new life and having found it, being able to return eventually to their old one. However, this time, the return to their old life came with a new member of the family; a son was born on June 6, 1947, thus representing a new chapter to an old way of life. A tale of a complicated and complex journey of people searching for their own purpose and meaning in life and finally, in a roundabout way, finding it. In this movie appears Juliane Khler who will later play the role of Clara, Fritz Shimon Haber's wife in Haber (2008).
tt0071935
Drama,Thriller
The movie opens in September 1963 with armored maneuvers in the Israeli desert. A top Israeli military leader confers with a Mossad agent, explaining that the Egyptians are massing 400 rockets in Helwan, arming the warheads with bubonic plague and radioactive Strontium 90. The missiles are targeted on Israeli cities, needing only an advanced guidance system to make them operational. The guidance system is being perfected somewhere in Germany under the sponsorship of ODESSA, an organization of former high-ranking SS officials. It is a race against time. The action switches to Hamburg, Germany in November of the same year. A young and ambitious freelance journalist named Peter Miller (Jon Voight) drives through the streets of Hamburg, which are festively decorated for the holidays. An announcement over Miller's car radio grabs his attention. President John F. Kennedy has been assassinated in Dallas. As Miller sadly listens to the news, emergency vehicles speed past. Miller follows them and stops at an old apartment building, where the upstairs windows have been flung open. A policeman friend explains to Miller that a lonely old man has gassed himself and there is no story to be had. Back home in bed with his dancer girlfriend Sigi (Mary Tamm), Miller muses that the first photographs of Kennedy's killer might fetch two million marks. Sigi scolds him as a parasite who profits from other people's misfortune. The next day, Miller meets his police officer friend for lunch and is loaned the diary that had been kept by the deceased old man, Salomon Tauber. The police officer coyly suggests that Miller might find the contents interesting. Miller takes the diary home and discovers that Tauber and his wife Esther were German Jews who had been inmates at the Riga concentration camp. Tauber's diary details the sadistic butchery of camp commandant Eduard Roschman (Maximilian Schell). Tauber's wife had been gassed, but he was determined to survive and be a witness against Nazi war crimes. The diary goes on to detail an incident that Tauber had witnessed on the Riga docks in October 1944. With the Russians rapidly advancing, the Germans were desperately evacuating thousands of wounded troops by ship. Eduard Roschman had suddenly appeared on the docks, seeking to commandeer a ship for his SS troops. He met determined resistance from a courageous Wehrmacht captain who knocked Roschman to the ground. Roschman shot the captain dead, and as he fell his rare Knights Cross bravery medal with Oak Leaf clusters had spilled into the snow. Miller is greatly upset by Tauber's sad tale, and he sets out to investigate further. Despite being discouraged by his girlfriend, his editor and his own mother (Maria Schell), Miller returns to Tauber's apartment building and bribes the hard-boiled manager into letting him see Tauber's meager possessions. The manager discloses that Tauber had only one friend, an old Jewish man named Marx. Miller tracks him down and learns that Tauber had only recently seen Roschman in Hamburg.Upon reporting it to the police, Tauber was completely ignored. He had come up against the ODESSA. Despairing that justice would never be done, Tauber killed himself. Following up on old Marx's revelation, Miller visits the State War Crimes office to look up Roschman's records. Hearing his inquiries, an officious bureaucrat (and ODESSA member) comes out to shoo Miller away, but Miller overhears a telephone conversation about the upcoming annual reunion of the bureaucrat's German army division. Miller determines to crash the party. He runs into trouble when he snaps a flash picture of a shadowy and mysterious speaker. He is thrown from the hall and returns home battered and bloody, his camera smashed. The following day, Miller accompanies Sigi on a Christmas shopping trip. While waiting on the subway platform, Miller is suddenly pushed off the platform into the path of an oncoming train, narrowly escaping with his life. Undeterred, Miller travels to Vienna to look up famed Nazi hunter Simon Wiesenthal. Miller's dogged persistence is starting to seriously alarm the leadership of ODESSA. Miller manages to secure an interview with Wiesenthal, who enlightens him about ODESSA and its mission to protect Nazi war criminals and their activities. Wiesenthal informs Miller that ODESSA provides SS criminals with forged identities. If Miller wants to find Roschman, he needs to find the forger who created his identity papers. Back at his hotel, Miller is approached by an ODESSA emissary who tries to claim Roschman is long dead. When that story falls flat, the man warns Miller to drop his pursuit of Roschman, but Miller angrily refuses. At a highway rest stop, Miller is abducted by a group of men, but they turn out to be Israeli intelligence agents, not ODESSA. They know about his pursuit of Roschman, but they are skeptical about who he is working for. Once they are convinced of his intentions, the Israelis convince Miller to work with them in penetrating ODESSA. The Israelis capitalize on their local intelligence assets to create an alternate identity for Miller, using the name Rolf Gunter Kolb, a former SS man who has just expired from a stomach tumor. Meanwhile, back in Hamburg, ODESSA has assigned an assassin to kill Miller, but they haven't been able to find him since his "disappearance" near Vienna. One evening as Sigi is leaving the nightclub, she is chased down in the Elbe tunnel by the hired killer. He demands to know Miller's whereabouts. Just in the nick of time, a passing car interrupts the attack. Sigi flags down the auto, conveniently driven by an ODESSA member of the police department. The policeman pressures Sigi to take in a "police woman" who will ensure her safety. The Israelis place Miller in the hands of an expert who rigorously indoctrinates him in the rituals, slogans and beliefs of the SS. Miller's underarm is even disfigured with a red-hot iron bar to conceal the SS blood group tattoo that would have been there. Once he is deemed ready, Miller (posing as Kolb) is sent to contact a known ODESSA member, using the cover story that he was recognized by a Jewish hospital orderly who had been held at Flossenburg concentration camp, where Kolb had served. Kolb is supposedly on the run, looking for refuge with his former comrades. After passing a thorough screening, Miller is sent on to the organization's document forger in Bayreuth. After being dropped off at the Munich train station, Miller calls Sigi in Hamburg and is surprised to hear the police woman answer the phone. The police woman reports the call to her ODESSA employers and they realize that Miller has fooled them. Their assassin is dispatched to intercept Miller when he arrives in Bayreuth. Miller arrives at the forger's shop first, where proprietor Klaus Wenzer (Derek Jacobi) explains that passport photos are required, and the photographer won't arrive until Monday. Miller is sent to a nearby hotel to pass the time. Later that night, the hit man arrives at the shop and instructs Wenzer to contact Miller and tell him the photographer has arrived early. Miller is summoned but approaches the shop warily. He spots the hit man's sleek XKE sports car concealed nearby. Peering through a window, Miller sees the killer waiting in the shop. Miller climbs through an upstairs window and encounters Wenzer's invalid and senile mother, who mistakes Miller's dark clothing for that of a priest. She confides her worries about her son and his dangerous work, and how the ODESSA had killed her husband when he was no longer useful. She tells Miller about a secret file that her son has kept in the safe as insurance against the same fate, detailing the false identities and current photographs of all the ODESSA men he has worked with. She discloses that the safe combination is the same as the shop phone number. Miller sneaks up on the assassin and kills him after a desperate fight. Opening the safe, Miller discovers the incriminating ODESSA file, including the new identity and current image of Eduard Roschman. He takes the gunman's weapon and car and heads for Munich, where he deposits the file in a train station locker for safekeeping. Miller contacts Sigi and tells her to meet him in Heidelberg, but not to tell anyone where she is going. Sigi manages to lock the police woman in her room and flee. After a brief reunion, Miller tells Sigi about the ODESSA file and gives her the key to the locker. He instructs her that in the event he fails to return, she is to retrieve the file and deliver it to Simon Wiesenthal in Vienna. Miller then leaves in search of Roschman. Roschman's new identity is that of Hans Josef Kiefel, the wealthy owner of a large electrical concern. Miller attends the opening of a trade fair at Kiefel Electric and spots the notorious SS butcher. Miller follows him to his secluded castle on a wooded estate, where Roschman is protected by the local police. Miller carefully gains entrance to the castle through a basement door and confronts Roschman at gunpoint in his study. Roschman tries to buy time, alternately trying to deny the grisly truth and defend the Nazi cause, thinking Miller is just a misguided young idealist. But then Miller produces the photo of the handsome Wehrmacht captain Roschman had shot on the Riga docks so long ago, asking Roschman if he remembers the incident. Roschman dismissively owns up to the crime before Miller reveals that the captain was his father. Roschman is stunned, now understanding that he is dealing with something entirely different than he had thought. Roschman takes advantage of Miller's distracted agitation and works his way over to his desk, pulling out a pistol. He fires at Miller before Miller manages to gun him down. It is subsequently revealed that Miller was held for only three weeks and then released. As instructed, Sigi had delivered the ODESSA file to Wiesenthal, resulting in great embarrassment for the West German government and the arrest of many Nazi war criminals. The research facilities of Kiefel Electric, where the missile guidance systems were being developed, mysteriously burned to the ground. The rockets of Helwan never flew.
tt0071746
Biography,Drama
In an interview, Honey Harlow Bruce (Valerie Perrine), ex-wife of stand-up comic Lenny Bruce (Dustin Hoffman), recalls her life with him: In 1964, Lenny shocks his audience by stating that Eleanor Roosevelt gave Lou Gehrig "the clap," but then says the real point he wants to make is about the suppression of words. Venereal disease he says, is an epidemic because people will not talk about it. Honey then recalls seeing Lenny for the first time in Baltimore, when he was a comic impersonator: In the early 1950s, Honey, a stripper known as Hot Honey Harlow, is eating in a cafeteria when she sees Lenny watching her from across the room. The next time Lenny and Honey see each other, they go off together to have sex. Afterward, the smitten Lenny calls Honey his "shiksa goddess" and follows her to Miami. In another interview, Artie Silver (Stanley Beck), Lenny's manager, discusses the delicate balance of involving himself in both Lenny's professional and personal life: Shortly after Lenny and Honey meet, Artie warns Lenny that Honey, who had done jail time as a teenager, would be trouble. Despite Artie's misgivings, Lenny marries Honey, then takes her to meet his mother, Sally Marr (Jan Miner), and her sister Aunt Mema (Rashel Novikoff). Later, Lenny, who is uncomfortable with Honey's stripping, adds her to his act. They are hired to perform in the Catskills, where, during a show, Lenny makes an impulsive, crude joke to the band that is overheard by the audience. After this incidence, Sherman Hart (Gary Morton), an established comic, advises Lenny not to use "dirt" in his routines, but, at his next performance, Lenny intentionally insults his audience, thus losing career opportunities. In a 1960s performance, Lenny asks his audience, "What is dirty?" He says he would rather his child watch a stag movie than 'The King of Kings' , because nobody gets hurt in porn. In a flashback to 1950s, Honey is seriously injured and, while in the hospital, guesses that Lenny has an affair with her nurse. This incident becomes the source of a routine Lenny performs a decade later, in which Lenny advises men to deny their indiscretions at all costs, even if their wives catch them in the act. Explaining the difference between men and women, Lenny says that a woman is physical with someone she likes, but a man will seek out anything, even on a desert island. In the 1950s, the couple moves to Los Angeles, Honey returns to stripping, Lenny to small gigs and they become involved in the show business drug culture. Lenny pushes to experiment sexually, but then accuses Honey of enjoying the other woman in their mnage a trois "too much." In her interview, Honey recalls that after their daughter, Kitty, was born, she and Lenny parted. During his stand-up act in the 1960s, Lenny says that "divorce is great at first, but then you realize the women you meet are also divorced and burdened with children or poodles". He claims the only satisfaction is the revenge of gaining child custody, but then you are responsible for getting up in the morning to raise the child. In her interview, Honey at first accuses Lenny of stealing Kitty, but then admits she had a problem with drug abuse: In the late 1950s, Honey, an emotional wreck from loneliness and drugs, calls Lenny collect from Hawaii, where she has been arrested for possession of marijuana. In a 1960s performance, Lenny explains that the problem is that we live in a "happy ending" culture instead of a "what is" culture. He thinks that true human responses are denied and lied about, causing people to feel guilty when they act in a natural way. In an interview, Sally says that she moved to California to help with Kitty, and that Lenny had by then given up impersonation and begun to improvise: In the late 1950s, Lenny works in strip clubs, content that no one censors his act. Eventually, Artie and Sally convince him to take engagements at college and political venues, where his irreverence soon becomes trendy. During a performance, Lenny risks audience alienation by boldly referring to individuals using racial epithets. Then, explaining that suppression gives words power, he advocates using offensive words until they can no longer cause pain. When a Time magazine reporter suggests that Lenny's act has social impact, Lenny denies it, saying he likes attention and wants to "make a buck." Now, Artie commands high fees for Lenny's appearances. During one performance, Lenny says that he has been accused of making "sick jokes," but that a true sick joke is that Zsa Zsa Gabor earns $60,000 a week in Las Vegas and a Nevada school teacher's top pay is $6,000 a year. After wisecracking about masturbation and integration, Lenny says his financial success is based on violence, segregation, disease, despair and injustice, and if the world suddenly became pure, he would be unemployed. When he visits Honey in prison, he shows her an album cover of a recording of some of his performances. At an appearance in San Francisco, Lenny protests the dismissal of homosexual teachers, saying the men were considered good at their jobs and their actions occurred far from school grounds. Because of one of his crudely worded comments, Lenny is arrested and charged with the use of an obscene word in a public place. During his interview, Artie recalls that Lenny became obsessed with his legal battles and would read court transcripts to his audience: At Lenny's trial without jury in San Francisco, the judge orders a continuance and cautions Lenny not to repeat any of "those words." At Lenny's next performance, after pointing out to the audience several uniformed and plainclothes policemen posted around the room, Lenny talks about his arrest, substituting the sounds, "blah blah blah," for provocative words. When the trial resumes, the humorless judge finds Lenny guilty, after which his counsel requests a jury trial. In his interview, Artie states that Lenny began to study law books and record his trials: During the appeal trial, his lawyer forces the arresting policeman to admit that one of the words that Lenny is being charged for saying in public is often used at the police station, which also is a public place. Then his lawyer suggests that Lenny's work is found in the social satire of Aristophanes and Jonathan Swift. A professor of religion testifies that Lenny's routines convey a sincere message that exposes hypocrisy. A recording of a performance is played, one in which Lenny riffs on the phrase, "to come," and arranges his words into a kind of beat poem. Although the judge is offended, the jury votes for acquittal. Lenny, however, is dissatisfied, feeling that he won because of the jury's idiosyncrasies rather than the acknowledgment of First Amendment rights. According to Artie's later recollection, Lenny, who added jokes about the Pope and other religious leaders to his routines, developed a following, although some people attended shows just to see if he got arrested. After Honey is released from prison, she and Lenny spend time together taking drugs. Artie and Sally try to cancel Lenny's Chicago performance, but when the manager refuses, the drug-addled, coughing Lenny goes onstage. After an attempt at coherence, he apologizes, admitting he is not funny. Backstage, the police arrest him. In the present, Honey recalls that Lenny was arrested a total of 13 times, and Sally states that he suffered from pleurisy. Artie says Lenny dealt with depression, and was going broke from lawyer and doctor bills. In a performance at the height of his career, Lenny tells the audience that there has been an "obscenity circus" for years, starring the district attorney and the lower and Supreme Courts, and that he is the "schmuck" who fell off the high wire into the ring. As he wonders aloud why it is permissible to show photographs of maimed breasts injured in war, but not the beautiful breasts of a lovely woman in the audience, a policeman rises to arrest him. At the trial, words Lenny has spoken are presented out of context and a gesture he used is incorrectly stated to signify masturbation. Increasingly frustrated, Lenny speaks out, asking to talk to the judge and jury as human to human, but his interruptions anger the judge. Expecting a guilty verdict, his defense team plans to appeal to a higher court, but Lenny, no longer thinking clearly, is uncooperative. He tries defending himself, but the judge declares him in contempt of court. Lenny states that he has no money left and his cabaret card, which allows him to perform, has been confiscated. As he is removed from the courtroom, Lenny claims he hurts no one and pleads that they do not take away his words. In her interview, Sally says the New York court found Lenny guilty, but an appeal was being planned by his defense team. When the interviewer suggests the possibility of suicide, Sally denies it. Honey describes Lenny as funny, and Artie, pleased that Lenny's records are selling again, states that he is negotiating a film about his life. Intrigued, the interviewer mentions that Lenny's speeches are now-after less than a decade-considered harmless. Back in 1966, when Lenny is found dead in his apartment, naked, with drug paraphernalia nearby, the police allow news photographers to film his death scene.
tt0080907
Action,Biography,Comedy
Ralph "Papa" Thorson (Steve McQueen) is a modern day bounty hunter who hunts down and captures criminals who have skipped on their bail to bring them back for a 20% of the reward to his bailbondsman employer. It is revealed in the opening text that Thorson has has apprehended more than 5,000 criminals and bail jumpers and life is just getting complicated for him. In the opening scene, Thorson arrives in a small, African American town in Texas where despite being a terrible driver of cars (a running joke used throughout the film), he captures fugitive Tommy Price (LaVar Burton) for fleeing on his bail. Next, Thorson drives to another small Texas town where he is to bring in a dangerous punk, named Billie Joe, whose kinfolk include Sheriff Strong, a redneck lawman who warns Thorson not to get involved. Papa ignores him and ends up in a violent fight with the fugitive, who is so huge, even a Taser barely stops him. Thorson drives both Tommy Price and Billie Joe back to Los Angeles where he collect his $1,800 reward for bringing them back. However, Thorson vouches for Price, and thus soon after becomes one of his many acquaintances who hang out at Thorson's house. At home, Thorson is revealed to be an old-fashioned guy who has a love of antiques and classical music, drives a 1950s convertible and keeps an antique gasoline pump in his house. His schoolteacher girlfriend Dotty (Kathryn Harrold) is pregnant and would like "Papa" to be there for her when the baby is born, but his work continually keeps him on the road. Thorson works for elderly and veteran bailbondsman Ritchie Blumenthal (Eli Wallace) who sends him out on dangerous assignments to chase down fugitives in all parts of the USA. However, Throson himself is pursued by a psychotic killer who was one of Thorson's former convicts, Rocco Mason (Tracey Walter) who begins stalking Thorson at his home and begins following Dotty around as well. Thorson's adventures continue when he is sent to rural Nebraska to bring back two fugitives, called the Branch Brothers. He flies out to Nebraska, rents a fancy 1979 Pontiac Trans Am car and drives to the Branch farmhouse where the two psycho brothers steal his car and try to kill him with dynamite. Thorson commandeers a crop cutter machine and chases after the two Branch Brothers through a cornfield which ends when a stick of dynamite dropped by them blows up their car, but they both survives. Thorson arrives back at the local airport to deliver back the destroyed Trans Am and bring the Branch Brothers on the plane back to L.A. Meanwhile, Rocco Mason begins terrorizing Dotty at her workplace which leads Thorson to try to protect her, but she instead tries to make him give up his bounty hunter way of life and to take her to a Lamaze class. Thorson grows tired of it and Dotty threatens to leave him due to his uncertain feelings towards being there for her. When Thorson's police friend Captain Spota (Richard Venture) commits suicide after he is investigated for illegal use of police funds and embezzlement, Thorson goes into a further decline. Blumenthal next sends Thorson to Chicago to pick up fugitive Bernardo (Tom Rosales) a dangerous ex-con which leads to a long chase sequence as Thorson and Bernardo exchange gunfire with each other at an apartment building. Thorson chases Bernardo on foot through the streets and to an elevated train where Thorson is forced to climb on the roof of the train to avoid getting shot at. The chase leads to a high-rise tower where the both steal cars and chase each other to the top level the parking garage, where the psychotic fugitive drives off the edge and plunges several stories into a river to his apparent doom. After returning to Los Angeles that evening, Thorson learns from Price that Dotty has been kidnapped by Rocco Mason and is holding her at the high school where she teaches. Thorson arrives when Mason attempts to kill him with an M-16 assault rifle. Unarmed after being deprived of his weapon, Thorson lures Mason into one classroom where he floods the room with flammable gas where once Mason opens fire, the sparks ignites the gas and blows up the room with Mason in it. Having delt with Mason, Thorson immediately needs to rush Dotty to the hospital when she begins to go into labor. Despite being a terrible driver, he manages to get to the hospital where he collapses exhausted in the lobby area. He comes to in the final scene to walk back outside where Dotty has given birth and he holds his new baby.
tt0086355
Biography,Drama
In 1978 Vancouver, B.C., Canada, local hustler and promoter Paul Snider (Eric Roberts) gazes into a mirror as he practices introducing himself. He is known among local nightclub owners for his exploitation of women, his relentless ambition, his narcissistic personalty, and his remarkable talent for remembering people's names. One evening, upon entering a Dairy Queen restaurant, Paul is transfixed by a beautiful young 18-year-old clerk named Dorothy Stratten (Mariel Hemmingway). A romance develops, and after several dates, Paul meets Dorothy's family on the night of her senior prom. Both Dorothy's brother, George, and her mother (Carroll Baker) dislike Paul, but he succeeds in endearing himself to Dorothy's youngest sibling, Eileen (Lisa Gordon). At the prom, Dorothy identifies the "jock" to whom she lost her virginity under the influence of alcohol, and the jealous Paul furtively jabs him with a penknife. Afterward, Paul takes Dorothy back to his apartment and convinces her to pose for semi-nude photographs. He hires a professional photographer, promising him a $1,000 "finder's fee" if she is offered a contract by Playboy magazine. Paul also hires a second photographer, offering the same terms, and awards him the fee. The photos get into the attention of Playboy publisher Hugh Hefner (Cliff Robertson) who invites Dorothy to audition in Los Angeles, California, but when her mother refuses to sign the parental consent form, Paul forges her signature. After passing the audition, Dorothy is told that she will be featured as the "centerfold" in the magazine's August 1979 issue. With Hugh Hefner's help, Dorothy secures a job at the local Playboy Club and moves into her own apartment. Back in Vancouver, Paul has a tryst with an exotic dancer, who suggests that Dorothy may also be having affairs. Fearful of losing her, Paul telephones Dorothy and proposes marriage. He flies to Los Angeles and accompanies her to a party at the Playboy mansion, where he alienates Hugh Hefner with his sycophantic behavior. Dorothy is introduced to film producer Phil Wass, who offers her a small role in the low-budget production, 'Ball Bearings'. When Dorothy informs Hefner of her impending marriage, he advises against it, saying Paul has "the personality of a pimp." Although Dorothy proceeds with the marriage, Hefner keeps her under contract and sends her on a personal appearance tour. Paul earns a modest living producing a nightclub act comprised of male exotic dancers, while Dorothy appears in another low-budget film, 'Wednesday's Child'. Paul interrupts the production with a telephone call, and convinces Dorothy to finance his purchases of an expensive Mercedes-Benz sedan, promising to adorn it with a custom license plate that reads, "Star 80." Unable to afford a home of their own, Paul and Dorothy share a rented house with a young doctor named Geb (David Clennon), who notices Dorothy's growing disillusionment with Paul. Certain that Dorothy has a bright future as an actress, Hefner convinces acclaimed film director Aram Nicholas (Roger Rees) (loosely based on film director Peter Bogdanovich) to cast her in his next picture, to be filmed in New York City. Dorothy worries that Paul will resent her extended absence, but Paul is more concerned with maintaining Dorothy's celebrity status and gives his consent. Once production is underway, however, Paul suspects Dorothy of sleeping with Aram Nicholas, and hires a private detective (Josh Mostel) to spy on her. Meanwhile, Paul continues to have affairs of his own with other women, such as Billie Joan Worth, whom he seduces with the promise of an audition for Hugh Hefner. Exasperated by Paul's nightly telephone calls, Dorothy complains to Aram about her husband's controlling behavior and constant need for validation. The director convinces her to end the marriage, and then seduces her. In Los Angeles, the private detective informs Paul of the affair, advising him to sue Aram for alienation of affection. Paul purchases a pump-action shotgun, and wallpapers his bedroom with photographs of him and Dorothy. Geb and his girl friend, Robin, notice Paul's increasingly erratic behavior, and worry that he may attempt suicide. Upon her return to Los Angeles, Dorothy admits her affair with Aram, but promises Paul continued financial support, while ignoring his pleas to save their marriage. Dorothy agrees to a second meeting with Paul, despite Aram's advice to avoid him. The private detective equips Paul with a transmitter to wear during the meeting, enabling them to gather evidence for a lawsuit. When the transmitter fails to work, Paul decides to keep his appointment with Dorothy, confident that he and his estranged wife will reconcile. The following afternoon, Dorothy arrives at Paul's house and promises him $7,000, half of her savings. Paul is insulted by the offer, and threatens to shoot himself after Dorothy refuses to continue their business relationship. When she tries to comfort him, Paul alternately becomes enraged and apologetic. Dorothy offers herself to Paul and they have rough sex, even though he resents her pity. Afterward, Paul places the shotgun to Dorothy's head and fires, killing her. Meanwhile, the private detective attempts to reach Paul by telephone but gets no reply as Paul will not pick up the phone. At the same time, Aram edits his film. Elsewhere, Hugh Hefner considers Billie Joan Worth as a candidate for a Playboy centerfold. Back at the apartment, Paul places the shotgun to his own head, and says, "They won't forget Paul Snider," before pulling the trigger, killing himself.
tt0089420
Adventure,Biography,Drama
Actor Richard Gere gives a bravura performance as the lowly shepherd boy who ascends to the throne of ancient Israel in this compelling, thrilling Biblical saga directed by acclaimed filmmaker Bruce Beresford. This panoramic drama brings David and his legendary Old Testament adventures to life, from his confrontation with Goliath to his self-destructive desire for Bathsheba. An exceptional supporting cast includes Edward Woodward as Saul, whose complex relationship with David is the catalyst for strife and conflict that threatens both kingdom and crown in this sweeping, exciting screen epic!
tt0954981
Biography,Crime,Drama
Dramatisation of the events surrounding the life of Cass Pennant; one of the best-known figures of the infamous West Ham hooligan outfit, the I.C.F. (Inter City Firm). Cass Pennant (Nonso Anozie, ATONEMENT) was placed in a Dr. Barnado's orphange as a baby in 1950s London. A black child adopted by an elderly white couple, Cass was forced to endure constant racist bullying growing up. His pent-up rage explodes one day when he attends a West Ham game and becomes involved with Hammers hooligans as they take on a rival firm. Cass becomes hooked on the rush of the violence, as well as the acceptance and camaraderie. He quickly rises through the ranks of the West Ham hooligan element, later becoming head of the notorious Inter City Firm. As a six-foot-five black man in a predominantly white social group, he is picked out by the police during the government's clampdown on football hooliganism. After brushes with the law, Cass attempts to change the direction of his life by running a security firm. But old enemies are never far away. CASS is a compelling film about the intriguing life of its subject and charts issues of class, race and masculinity across a number of decades, showcasing the seismic changes in British life. Nonso Anozie ably carries the film and is well supported by Natalie Press (MY SUMMER OF LOVE) as his wife and Nick Love favourite Tamer Hassan (THE FOOTBALL FACTORY), among others.
tt0091295
Biography,Comedy,Drama
African-American comedian Jo Jo Dancer (Richard Pryor) calls friends to invite them to a Friday night party. He does not expect they will come, but when they accept his invitation, he must throw the party. After hanging up the telephone, he gets on his hands and knees, searching for pebbles of crack cocaine in the carpet. He stares at his puffy face in the mirror and has a panic attack. He throws empty glass bongs, liquor bottles, and cocktail glasses into the fireplace, repeatedly yelling, "I am through!" In the pockets of his jacket, he finds a tab of heroin, smokes it, and later, sets fire to himself. As paramedics wheel him into the hospital with second and third-degree burns covering 30% of his body, Jo Jo's alter ego rises up intact from his charred body and warns that he better not die. The alter ego walks out of the hospital and takes a car ride back to his hometown of Morton, Ohio. There, he sits by the schoolyard and watches himself as an eight-year-old racing home with friends. Little Jo Jo delivers his report card to his grandmother, a madam who runs a brothel, and she is pleased with his grades. They show off his report card to the prostitutes inside. As his father signs his report card, Little Jo Jo remarks that he does not like living at the brothel. The boy tells his alter ego that he lied at school when his teachers asked him what his parents did for a living. As Big Jo Jo tells him that he was clever to lie, the boy recognizes his older self and knows he can expect trouble when he grows up. He wants to know if Big Jo Jo can change the future. The alter ego tells Little Jo Jo he can try. Big Jo Jo visits his mother in her room at the brothel. She hugs him and says that she loves him, although she never told him so as a child. Back at the hospital, Big Jo Jo stares at his body, wrapped from head to toe in white gauze. He announces that he is going back in time to figure out how his life became such a mess. At a dinner table sometime in the past, Jo Jo's father, Charles, is angry when he discovers his son has quit his job cleaning hog guts to go into show business. They fight, and Charles kicks his son out of the house. The next day, Jo Jo boards a bus to leave town, but his wife, Grace, refuses to go with him, claiming she does not want to leave her parents behind. She tells him that he can always come back home, but he insists that he is never coming back. In Cleveland, Ohio, a nightclub owner named Mr. Spencer, who previously promised Jo Jo a job, turns him away. Jo Jo's sleazy hotel room is robbed, and the hotel clerk insists that he pay for his stay with his last remaining dollars. Jo Jo finds work shining shoes, and buys new clothes at a thrift store. At the Shalimar Club, he goes backstage and introduces himself to a stripper called "Satin Doll." She recognizes him from an amateur night at another nightclub, and agrees to help him. The following week, Satin Doll arranges for Jo Jo to do his routine at the Shalimar. On stage, Jo Jo is terrified, but he wins over the audience with his impression of a baby being born. Satin Doll and club host Johnny Barnett congratulate Jo Jo. Later, Johnny comments that Jo Jo talks too fast, so that some of his punch lines are lost. He gives Jo Jo some drugs to help him relax. Jo Jo loses his inhibitions, and performs in drag, mimicking Satin Doll's striptease act. After Jo Jo's performance, club manager Sal tells Satin Doll that performers will not get paid until the following week. When Satin Doll relays the news to Jo Jo, he grabs a fake gun and confronts club owner Gino. Before tensions erupt, Satin Doll's boyfriend, Detective Lawrence, barges in and sways Gino to pay Jo Jo his wages. Gino hands over a wad of bills, and tells Jo Jo that their business is finished. Later, Satin Doll and Det. Lawrence warn Jo Jo that the Italians will come after him, and advise him to flee. Satin Doll gives him a book, and stashes $200 in the pages, promising to send his possessions. Back in the present, a doctor announces on television that Jo Jo has developed respiratory complications. Elsewhere, Jo Jo's wife assures their daughter that her father will not die. Back in the past, Jo Jo falls in love with a white woman named Dawn. He wants to marry her, but she is content to live together. After a rough night in which Jo Jo battles a female heckler, Dawn assures him of his talent. Jo Jo takes a walk in the neighborhood to clear his head, and gathers more material for his stand-up act. He talks about winos directing traffic, asks why white people do not make noise when they speak, and does impressions of black people and their mannerisms. Soon, he develops a following and begins earning money. He gives Dawn a fancy ring. A fan invites Jo Jo and Dawn to party at his house, where he offers them cocaine. In the early hours, Jo Jo discovers Dawn having a threesome with the man. As Dawn meets up with Jo Jo in the hallway, the fan offers a weak excuse for their behavior, and Jo Jo punches him in the face. At the hospital, Big Jo Jo gazes at burn victim Jo Jo, and remarks that he cannot change anything that has happened, but he can conjure up memories to revisit. Burn victim Jo Jo remembers the first time he met his girl friend, Michelle Jensen, at a club: He invites her back to his house and they play pool. Michelle has other lovers and a confident air. They make love. Eight months later, a drunken Jo Jo argues with a film director about cutting scenes from a movie they are filming. Jo Jo wants the scenes to stay, but when Michelle, now his wife, appears, the director suggests she talk her husband out of his opinion. As they drive along the coast, Jo Jo discovers that Michelle's lover, George, bought her the car they are driving. He is incensed, and asks her to pull over. Before the fight can escalate, his alter ego appears in the back seat, and reminds Jo Jo that he loves Michelle, cautioning him not to start a fight. Jo Jo apologizes for losing his temper but makes the mistake of admitting that he slept with other women. When a fight breaks out, Jo Jo sends the car crashing into the ravine. Michelle insults him and runs off. As Jo Jo watches Michelle ranting, his alter ego asks him, "What's the matter with you, boy?" The phrase reminds him of his grandmother, and the advice she gave him when three bullies jumped him at the railroad tracks. She was the only person who understood him, loved him, and cared about him. He was devastated when she died. Later, Jo Jo spends his days smoking drugs, but he denies it when anyone calls him a junkie. He tells his alter ego to leave him alone. The alter ego guesses that he just wants to die. Jo Joe cries out that he wants his soul back, pleading with his alter ego to help him before emptying a liquor bottle onto his clothes. The alter ego urges him not to harm himself, but Jo Jo cannot stop. He sets himself on fire with a cigarette lighter. At the hospital, one doctor believes Jo Jo has lost the will to live. Burn victim Jo Jo asks his alter ego for help, and Big Jo Jo returns to his broken body. The comedian recovers from his injuries and resumes doing stand-up. One night some time later, a recovered Jo Jo does a show, delivering a mock eulogy for his former self-destructive self. The audience loves it and gives him a standing ovation.
tt0120899
Biography,Comedy,Drama
"My Life So Far" is the story of how the Pettigrew family, living in their family estate Kiloran House in Scotland, deals with changes brought by the end of WWI, told through the point of view of one of the Pettigrew children, Fraser (Robert Norman). The family is headed by the maternal grandmother MacIntosh (Rosemary Harris), affectionately known as "Gamma", who's decisions are to be obeyed without question. Gamma's son Morris (Malcolm McDowell) left home to build a career for himself and succeed as a well-to-do businessman; while her younger daughter Moira (Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio) followed the traditional route - she fell in love with Edward Pettigrew (Colin Firth), gave up a promising chance at becoming an opera singer, settled down at her family estate and raised a big family. Edward is a typical country gentry of his time - owns a minor business (turning sphagnum moss into medical dressings), a pious man and defender of traditional values (gives a speech at every Sunday service), loves and listens only to Beethoven, and has a passion for inventions and mechanical improvements all over the estate. All of which are laughed at by Morris, who lives in London but comes back to visit often, as he is competing with Edward to inherit the estate after Gamma passes away; the two could barely conceal their loathing for each other. Edward does not appreciate and resists waves of new changes in the world, but the harder he tries, the more things fall apart. Morris and his beautiful and charming French fiancee Heloise (Irne Jacob) introduce jazz to the children ("the sound of devil speaking" according to Edward). An emergency landing brought the eldest daughter Elspeth's (Kelly Macdonald) first suitor - a French show pilot Gabriel Chenoux (Tchky Karyo). Fraser discovers grandfather MacIntosh's book collection in the attic, as an act of rebellion against Edward, took interest in reading them all. Without guidance, he misunderstood the definition of "prostitution", believing it to be a business term, suggests to all guests at Morris and Heloise's engagement party that Moira, Heloise and Gamma should go into prostitution to enhance the moss business. Worst of all, Edward finds himself drawn to Heloise, and having a brief affair with her prior to the wedding. While passing out food during a curling game held in her husband's honor, Gamma fell into the lake. Although she was pulled up immediately, she died of pneumonia soon after. Gamma left the estate to Edward, leading to the ultimate altercation between Edward and Morris at her wake. Edward boasts about that Morris has lost more than the estate to him, causing Moira to finally confront him and tell him that she is aware of his affair with Heloise all along. It took months before Edward's efforts finally won back Moira, and the family settles back to its old routine. On a Sunday morning, all Pettigrews are heading toward the church, except Fraser. Edward finds him relaxing in a chaise lounge in the library, a cognac glass filled with milk in one hand, a lit cigar in the other, swaying his head and body to Louis Armstrong's "On the Sunny Side of the Street" (a secret gift from Heloise). Instead of thrown into a fit of rage, he smiles and closes the door, leaving Fraser to enjoy himself.
tt0424908
Biography,Drama,Music
Copying Beethoven is a period drama about the last year of Beethoven(Ed Harris)'s life. The opening scene shows a dying Ludwig van Beethoven. Anna Holz (Diane Kruger) is witness to that moment. Immediately the emotional intensity of their relationship becomes clear. The story takes us back to the moment Wenzel Schlemmer (Ralph Riach), Beethoven's publisher, is desparate for a good copyist to help Beethoven complete the score in time for the first performance of his Ninth Symphony. Anna Holz (a fictional character, probably named after a good friend of Beethoven at the end of his life: Karl Holz), being the best copyist available is introduced to Beethoven. And although he is shocked at first expecting a male copyist they start working very well together and Anna helps Beethoven to conduct the impressive premiere of his last symphony. Meanwhile Martin Bauer (Matthew Goode), the love interest of Anna, is working on the design of a new bridge. Martin works with his brain. Beethoven is devoted to the human heart and soul. Anna is caught in between. When Beethoven helps Martin to 'improve the design of his bridge' by smashing the maquette in pieces and comments very rude to one of Anna's own compositions she leaves him. He begs her to come back appologising to her. She gives in recognizing that art and love cannot be controlled by ratio. They keep working together on Beethoven's as well as on Anna's compositons until his death. As a subplot we see Beethoven struggling with his nephew, Karl van Beethoven (Joe Anderson). Karl avoids contact with his uncle because he cannot live up to Ludwig's hope for a worthy successor. But he also avoids Beethoven because he steals money to pay off his gambling depts.
tt0079596
Biography,Drama,Romance
The heroine, Sybylla Melvyn, is an imaginative, headstrong girl growing up in rural Australia in the 1890s. Drought and a series of poor business decisions reduce her family to subsistance level, her father begins to drink excessively, and Sybylla struggles to deal with the monotony of her life. To her relief, she is sent to live on her grandmother's property, where life is more comfortable. There she meets wealthy young Harry Beecham, who loves her and proposes marriage; convinced of her ugliness and aware of her tomboyish ways, Sybylla is unable to believe that he could really love her. By this time, her father's drinking has got the family into debt, and she is sent to work as governess/housekeeper for the family of an almost illiterate neighbour to whom her father owes money. She becomes acclaimated to this life to the point where it is almost bearable, but to her relief (again) is sent home (this time) to keep her away from her crass employer's son who has apparantely fallen for her (and, ironically, since she has no property, she is deemed unsuitable as the son's mate). When Harry Beecham returns to ask Sybylla to marry him, she concludes that she would only make him unhappy and sends him away, determined to pursue her career as a writer. The movie ending completes the suggestion, made at the begining, that this entire screenplay is based on her first book, as we see her putting the manuscript in a mailbox in front of her parent's ramshacle house. (A suggestion that this movie is the story of her Brilliant Career.....or how it got its start anyway).
tt0462023
Biography,Drama
ROMULUS, MY FATHER is based on Raimond Gaita's critically acclaimed memoir of the same name. It tells the story of Romulus (Eric Bana), his beautiful wife, Christina (Franka Potenta), and their struggle in the face of great adversity to bring up their son, Raimond (Kodi Smit-McPhee). It is the tale of a boy - Raimond, trying to balance a universe described by his deeply moral father, against the experience of heartbreaking absence and neglect from a depressive mother. It is, ultimately, a story of impossible love that celebrates the unbreakable bond between father and son. It involves issues dealing with mental illness during a time when there was little knowledge of treatments, when the treatments that did exist were archaic, struggle as immigrants in a new country, family and extended family and love for a father, all seen from the point of view of a young boy - Raimond.
tt0077280
Biography,Drama,Music
The film opens at The Buddy Holly Hayride presented by radio station KDAV in Lubbock, Texas in 1956. During the opening credits, Holly (Charles Hardin Buddy Holley's last name was misspelled on his recording contract, so he simply adopted the misspelling as his last name) and his fellow band members (The Crickets' names were changed to avoid legal action from Jerry Allison and Joe B. Mauldin. The group's rhythm guitarist, Niki Sullivan, was ignored by the film, as was the groups manager, Norman Petty), drummer Jesse Charles (Don Stroud) and bass player Ray Bob Simmons (Charles Martin Smith), set up their music instruments and test their sound equipment at Parker's Roller Rink. As the radio station prepares to broadcast live, a recording of country artist Lefty Frizzell singing "If You've Got the Money, Honey (I've Got the Time)" is heard on the radio. Holly's first number is a cover version of Les Paul and Mary Ford's recording of "Mockingbird Hill." During a commercial break, some of the younger members of the audience beg Buddy to play some bop. After the commercial Buddy Holly (Gary Busey) announces they will be performing the next number for the boppers ("Rock Around with Ollie Vee"). The youngsters enjoy it, but the older audience members cover their ears from the loud tone and one of the radio station's sponsors demands that Buddy be taken off the air or he will pull his advertising. The station's owner/disk jockey, Riley Randolph (Bill Jordan), actually thinks they sound pretty good and he likes the response from the youngsters. So, the guys perform another of their numbers, "That'll Be the Day." The next scene is in a church where the choir is sings "When the Roll Is Called Up Yonder." Buddy, his girlfriend, Cindy or Cindy Lou (Amy Johnston), and his parents are in the congregation. The minister comments on what took place the previous night at the roller rink. He declares that this new "jungle rhythm" music is un-Christian and un-American. As the pastor's harangue against music that he considers a threat to society continues, Buddy and his parents drive home in their pick-up truck. During Sunday dinner, Buddy discloses that he has decided not to attend seminary. His mother feels she and his father have been more than patient about his decision and have even allowed him to sow his wild oats by playing his music, but they would like to know what he plans for his future. He readily admits he has no idea. Out on a date with Cindy, they listen to rhythm and blues music ("In the Still of the Nite" by the Five Satins) on KWKH, a radio station from Shreveport, Louisiana. Some of his band buddies interrupt Buddy and Cindy's love making session to tell Buddy that Riley is looking for him. When Buddy goes to the radio station, Riley gives him some records by several R&B artists because he can't play them on his station. Riley calls the music "rock and roll," a title that he says was devised by Cleveland DJ, Alan Freed. He also tells Buddy that a vice president of World Records heard the roller rink show and wants the band to come to Nashville. On the trip to Nashville, the car radio plays "Lisbon Antigua" by Nelson Riddle and His Orchestra. They quickly turn the dial to find a station that plays R&B, but, when they can't find one, they turn the radio off. In the back seat of the car, Buddy plays his guitar and works on a new song using his girlfriend's name (the song eventually becomes "Peggy Sue"). In the Nashville recording studio, Buddy records "That'll Be the Day" in the hillbilly style that the record producer wants. Jesse and Ray Bob furnish the background vocals, but Jesse isn't allowed to play his drums (drums weren't permitted in country music at this time) and Ray Bob isn't allowed to play bass; instead, a country band accompanies them. When Buddy finally objects, the producer tells him there "ain't no such thing as a hit record with just three guys playin' in any kind of music." Since the record company refuses to listen to Buddy's objections, they pack up and head home. Back in Lubbock, Buddy is ready to hang it up. Riley has had more negative feedback about Buddy's radio show from his sponsors. He tells Buddy he must only play country music or he will be forced to fire him. Buddy is determined to play his music. Before he departs, Riley tells him he sent his tape to a record company in New York (Riley had recorded a couple of tunes from the roller rink show). In New York, Coral Records executive, Ross Turner (Conrad Janis) is considering signing Buddy and his band. When the company's A&R man heard the demo of "That'll Be the Day," he assumed Ross had purchased the master from another label. He thought the group had the most unique sound he had heard in years, so he had it pressed and released. The A&R guy advises Ross that he had better sign them immediately because the disc is already selling. Back in Lubbock, Buddy, Jesse and Ray Bob record "Everyday" in his garage. Buddy is bothered by a sound that they eventually determine is being made by a cricket. Buddy asks Ray Bob to get a glockenspiel from the high school band to use on the recording. Buddy's mother interrupts the session to tell Buddy he has a long distance call from New York. A Buffalo, New York DJ, Madman Mancuso (Fred Travalena), telephones Buddy to tell him that he has been playing his hit recording of "That'll Be the Day" continuously for the past fourteen hours and intends to play it until he breaks the world's record. When Mancuso asks about the instrumentation of the band, Buddy explains that it is only a guitar, bass, drums and a cricket, so the DJ calls them Buddy Holly and the Crickets. At Coral Records in New York, Buddy is very impressed with Ross Turner's secretary, Maria Elena Santiago (Maria Richwine). The band members' interest in signing a recording contract is peaked when Mr. Turner tells them they should each make about $25,000 from "That'll Be the Day." However, when Turner mentions assigning a top notch producer for their recordings, Buddy balks. After their previous experience with the producer in Nashville, Buddy demands to be the producer. Turner tells him that no artist is allowed to be his own producer, but when Buddy and the guys threaten to go to another record company, Ross gives in to Buddy's demand. Buddy and the Crickets are booked for a concert at the Apollo Theater in Harlem. The short-sighted Sol Gitler (Dick O'Neill) had signed them sight-unseen and assumed from hearing their music that they were African-American. Even though no whites had ever performed at the Apollo, Gitler wasn't willing to pay them for doing nothing, so he apprehensively allows them to perform. As they prepare to go on in their country and western-looking duds, Sam Cooke (Paul Mooney) sings "You Send Me" from on stage. When Buddy and the Crickets are announced and the curtain opens to reveal a trio of white guys, the Apollo crowd grows restless. However, Buddy's songs, "Oh, Boy!," "It's So Easy," and "Rave On," quickly win the crowd over. During "Rave On" several couples dance in the aisles. King Curtis (Craig White) and another African-American sax player join the Crickets during an instrumental break. During their next recording session, the guys record "Words of Love." Afterwards, Buddy overdubs another guitar and vocal part. When Maria comes into the recording booth, Buddy gets so flustered that he flubs his vocal. Buddy has been sending her roses, but when he asks her out, she reveals that her aunt, who works in the publishing department, will not allow her to date a musician or a non-Puerto Rican. Back in the recording studio, Buddy and the engineers listen to the final take of "Listen to Me." Buddy refuses to give up on Maria, so he goes to visit her aunt. He tells Mrs. Santiago (Gloria Irricari) that he is a music executive at Coral. Buddy impresses Maria's aunt by asking permission to court her niece. Once she grants her permission, Mrs. Santiago surprises Buddy by knowing who he really is and complimenting his performance on Dick Clark's TV show, 'American Bandstand'. On their very first date, Maria accepts Buddy's marriage proposal and they are soon married (although the film doesn't show the wedding). After Alan Freed moves to New York from Cleveland, Buddy and the Crickets perform on Freed's Moondog's Rock 'n' Roll Party along with Eddie Cochran (Jerry Zaremba). When the M.C. introduces Eddie, the crowd is still chanting for Buddy, so Eddie calls him back on stage to join him and his band in Jerry Lee Lewis' "Whole Lotta Shakin Goin On." Jesse and Ray Bob want to go back to Lubbock, but Buddy thinks they need to stay near the music business in New York City. Backstage while they're waiting to perform on the 'Ed Sullivan Show', both Jesse and Ray Bob have had too much to drink. They also get in a little fight and Buddy loses a cap off of one of his teeth, which he patches with some chewing gum. Once Sullivan announces them, they perform "Maybe Baby." Shortly after the Sullivan show performance, Ray Bob and Jesse return to Lubbock. All three agree that the name, the Crickets, will go with them, so Buddy becomes a solo act. Turner tells Buddy he needs to go on tour to promote his new identity and his new album, but Buddy doesnt want to tour. At Christmas 1958, a neighbor boy brings a guitar he had received as a present to Buddy because, he said, it was broke. After Buddy tunes the guitar, he teaches the boy to play some chords by playing and singing "Well, All Right." After the boy and his friend leave, Buddy admits to Maria that he is scared to go out on the road again without the Crickets. After admitting his fears, he decides to go on the tour even though Maria is now six months pregnant. On February 2, 1959 at the Clear Lake, Iowa stop on the Winter Party Tour, J.P. "The Big Bopper" Richardson (Gailard Sartain), a DJ from Beaumont, Texas, performs his hit, "Chantilly Lace." From backstage, Buddy calls Maria to check on her and her pregnancy. Shortly after she hangs up the telephone, Jesse and Ray Bob knock on her door. They want to rejoin Buddy, but they aren't sure he wants them back. After Maria reassures them that he would welcome their return, they decide to meet Buddy at the next stop on the tour. Back in Clear Lake, the Big Bopper introduces Buddy, who sings "True Love Ways," which was inspired by something Maria said to him. He dedicates the song to Maria. After that slow ballad, Buddy performs a medley containing all of his songs: "That'll Be the Day," "Oh, Boy!," "Peggy Sue," "Maybe Baby," and "Not Fade Away." At the end of the medley, the screen freezes on a shot of Buddy and the following statement appears on the screen: "Buddy Holly died later that night along with J.P. 'The Big Bopper' Richardson and Richie Valens in the crash of a private airplane just outside of Clear Lake... And the rest is rock 'n' roll."
tt0073298
Biography,Comedy,Music
This flamboyant extravaganza tells the scandalous tale of superstar composer Franz Liszts (Roger Daltry) hedonistic life of groupies, sex and music, as well as his rivalry with the scheming Richard Wagner (Paul Nicholas). After enjoying the fruits of his celebrity, Liszt tries to find true love with one of his mistresses, Princess Caroline. The Pope (Ringo Starr) forbids their marriage and Liszt attempts to adopt a monastic lifestyle. The vampiric Wagner marries Liszts daughter, Cosima, and then battles for world domination by unleashing the Viking God, Thor (Rick Wakeman), and his troupe of robot Nazis. The only way to save the world is through Liszt and all of his mistresses in a rocket ship to destroy the resurrected Wagner who has now become the Nazi Antichrist. A freewheeling, outrageous and over-the-top look at the life of the worlds first pop superstar.
tt1091751
Biography,Comedy,Drama
Based on a true story, Curtis Plummer (Ice Cube) is a down-on-his-luck former high school football star that turns his niece, Jasmine (Keke Palmer), into the quarterback of the local team, the Minden Browns. He gets his stride back when he becomes the team's coach after the current coach (Matt Craven) becomes ill. With Curtis as their new leader and their pigtail-wearing star player at QB, this team of misfits wins its way to the Pop Warner Super Bowl and the small city of Minden, Illinois is ignited with team spirit, town pride and glory. Becoming the first female to lead her team to the Pop Warner Super Bowl does not come without conflict. Along with the struggles of being accepted by her all male teamates, her deadbeat father re-appears when he sees his daughter starting to appear on the local & national news. She struggles with wanting her father to be a part of her life, but will soon find out that her uncle is the one who truly cares about her and is committed to being there when she most needs a father figure and best friend. She not only looks up to her uncle, but honors him by wearing his old jersey number, #11.
tt1179947
Documentary,Animation,Biography
During his short life, Bill Hicks was more than just a stand-up comedian. He was a satirical icon, shocking audiences out of their comfort zones and pulling them into discussions about religion, society, consumerism and the mythical nature of the American Dream. While considered unpatriotic for his scathing commentary on American society, Hicks found huge success in the UK and Ireland. After his tragic death from pancreatic cancer at age 32, Hicks legacy lives on. In "American: The Bill Hicks Story," producers Matt Harlock and Paul Thomas artfully combine performance footage, personal photographs and powerful interviews with Hicks' family and friends, bringing this legendary and complex icon to the screen. If you don't know Hicks now, you will understand his cult following by the end of this brilliant film.
tt1396557
Documentary,Biography,Comedy
WINNEBAGO MAN reveals the story of Jack Rebney - the most famous man you've never heard of - an RV salesman whose hilarious, foul-mouthed outbursts were caught on video in 1988, and circulated underground on VHS tapes in the 90s before turning into a full-blown Internet phenomenon in 2005. The "Winnebago Man" clip has been seen by more than 20 million people worldwide and is regarded as one of the first and funniest viral videos. Filmmaker Ben Steinbauer goes in search of Jack Rebney, and finds him living alone on a mountain top, unaware of his fame. WINNEBAGO MAN is laugh-out-loud look at viral culture and an unexpectedly poignant look at one man's response to unintended celebrity.
tt0790663
Biography,Drama,Romance
Kenya, 2003: A radio DJ announces that the Kenyan government is offering free primary school education to all. Maruge (OLIVER LITONDO), an 84 year-old villager, hears this and decides he wants to educate himself. Arriving at his local school, with a newspaper clipping about this change in policy, he meets Jane (NAOMIE HARRIS), the schools principal, and expresses his desire to learn. Her colleague Alfred (ALFRED MUNYUA), in an effort to get rid of him, tells him all pupils need two pencils and an exercise book. The next day, Maruge returns, telling Jane he wants to learn to read. He has a letter from the Office of the President that he wants to understand. Exasperated, she tells him the school already has too many pupils. Later that night, she tells her husband Charles (TONY KGOROGE) about Maruge. Cautious of his own position, working alongside the government in Nairobi, he advises her to fight the battles she can win. After cutting his trousers and turning them into shorts, Maruge returns to the school again. While Jane tells the school inspector Mr. Kipruto (VUSI KUNENE) on the telephone that she currently has five children to a desk, when Maruge re-appears, she relents. Alfred is reluctant, yet Jane is defiant, claiming Kipruto is not the head of the school. Allowing Maruge into her class, she seats him near the front after he admits his eyesight is not so good and begins to teach him, and her other charges, how to write the alphabet. Plagued by memories of his time in Kenya in 1953, when he fought with the Mau Mau against the British, it even impacts upon Maruge in class, when Alfred scolds him for not keeping his pencil sharp. Made to sharpen it, he breaks down as he recalls a time when the British tortured him using a sharp pencil brutally thrust into his ear. Apologising to Jane, saying it wont happen again, Maruge later educates his fellow pupils, patiently explains about the fight for land that he and other Mau Mau undertook and teaching them the word for freedom. Resentment brews over Maruges education. At home, people shout that he should stay away from the school, while in the playground, covert photographs are taken of him. Soon enough, the story that an old man is going to school hits the radio airwaves. Kipruto arrives, furious that he has learnt in the press that Maruge is attending his school. Jane tells him that Maruge fought against the British. She later learns from Maruge that the same soldiers killed his family. Desperate to keep Maruge in school, Jane calls Charles, but he advises her not to go over Kiprutos head. She wilfully ignores him, visiting the head of the education board to plead Maruges case. Her protests fall on deaf ears and Maruge is made to attend an adult education centre, where he soon finds himself surrounded by people with no ambitions to learn. He goes to see Jane, telling her he must learn to read because he wants to be able to understand the letter hes been sent. Refusing to go back to the adult education centre, Maruge nevertheless must say his goodbyes to the children. Yet Jane offers him a reprieve as her teaching assistant. As the story breaks, the press descends on the school, surrounding Jane and wanting to question Maruge. He tells the reporters that the power is in the pen. Nevertheless, his presence in the school is beginning to cause anger amongst the parents of the young pupils. One mother confront Jane, accusing her of seeking fame and fortune from all the attention, while another father proclaims to Alfred that the school is spending too much time on Maruge. Again, Kipruto arrives with the school in chaos, telling Jane that her special pupil cannot stay and that plans are afoot for the government to compensate the Mau Mau. Resolute, Jane decides to teach Maruge to read after school has finished despite receiving threatening phone calls. A delegation of politicians arrive at the school, keen to cash in on the free publicity surrounding Maruge, while secretly demanding that Jane cut them in on any money she has received. Events begin to spiral - people attack the school with sticks while Charles receives an anonymous telephone call, noting his wife is now out of control. Jane soon receives a letter that she is to be transferred to a school 300 miles away. Charles tells her that events surrounding Maruge are tearing them apart, explaining that hes received calls claiming she has been unfaithful. Jane explains to Maruge that she is being transferred, and then undertakes an emotional goodbye to the children, who all bring her gifts. Meanwhile, Kipruto introduces the class new teacher. Enraged, the children padlock the school gate and throw missiles at her and Kipruto. Meanwhile, Maruge travels to Nairobi, heading to the Ministry of Education, where he confronts the board on behalf of Jane, showing them the scars he sustained as a young man tortured by the British. Jane returns to the school, where Maruge is there to welcome her back. He wants her to read to him his letter, which explains he will be compensated for his time in the prison camps. As the film draws to a close, the radio DJ announces that Maruge the Guinness Book of Records holder for the oldest person to go to primary school will speak at the United Nations. thefirstgrader-themovie.com/synopsis/
tt1509276
Documentary,Biography
In 1999, renowned American mountaineer Conrad Anker made a discovery that reverberated around the globe. High in Mount Everests death zone, he found the body of George Mallory75 years after the British explorer mysteriously vanished during his attempt to become the first man to summit the worlds tallest peak. Mallory had risked everything as he set out, dressed in gabardine and hobnailed boots, in pursuit of his dream of reaching the top of Everest, which in 1924 was the last great adventure left to man. He was last spotted alive just 800 feet below the summit. Then the clouds rolled in and Mallory vanished into legend. After discovering his body, Conrad Ankers life became intertwined with Mallorys story. Remarkably, Mallorys body was found with all his belongings intact. The only thing missing was a photograph of Ruth, which Mallory had promised to place on the summit. Haunted by Mallory's story, Conrad longed to return to Everest to lay Mallorys ghost to rest. Directed by Emmy Award-winning filmmaker Anthony Geffen, narrated by Academy Award nominee Liam Neeson and featuring the voices of Oscar nominee Ralph Fiennes, Natasha Richardson, Hugh Dancy and Alan Rickman, The Wildest Dream: Conquest of Everest is a breathtaking mountaineering adventure that seeks to answer the enduring mysteries surrounding George Mallorys death on Mount Everest. Foremost among them: Could Mallory have succeeded in reaching the summit before he and fellow climber Andrew Sandy Irvine disappeared in 1924? In the quest for answers, Anker finally returns to Everest in 2007 with British climbing prodigy Leo Houlding, replicating as closely as possible Mallorys ill-fated expedition. The men retrace the North East Ridge Route, even removing the ladder from the infamous Second Step to free climb this dangerous 90-foot sheer rock wall just as Mallory and Irvine would have had to do 83 years earlier. Far more than a film about mountain climbing, The Wildest Dream: Conquest of Everest tells the remarkable story of George Mallory, whose famous reply to a reporters question about his reason for wanting to climb Everest (Because its there) has inspired generations of adventurers. Mallory was a passionate and complex man, torn between two overwhelming and competing loves: his wife and the mountain that ultimately took his life. Told through the poignant and evocative letters between Mallory and his beloved Ruth, the film combines previously unseen archival photos, specially restored film footage and dramatization with the present-day story of Ankers expedition to tell the tale of the quest to conquer Everest and the compelling longing for home. In this, Ankers story parallels Mallorys in a tale of obsession as relevant today as it was in 1924.
tt0125425
Documentary,Biography
In an age when genius is a mere commodity, it is useful to look at a person who led a rich life without the traditional trappings of success. A man with no home and no job, Paul Erds was the most prolific mathematician who ever lived. Born in Hungary in 1913, Erds wrote and co-authored over 1,500 papers and pioneered several fields in theoretical mathematics. At the age of 83 he still spent most of his time on the road, going from math meeting to math meeting, continually working on problems. He died on September 20, 1996 while attending such a meeting in Warsaw, Poland. The film opens at Cambridge University's 1991 honorary doctorate ceremony, where Erds received an award he says he would gladly trade for a "nice new proof." For Erds, the meaning of life is "to prove and conjecture." The structure of N is a Number is based on Erds's 50 years of perpetual wandering, "like a bumblebee," carrying news and mathematical information from university to university. Erds established himself as a serious mathematician at the age of 20 when he devised a more elegant proof for Chebyshev's theorem, i.e., that there is always a prime number between any number and its double. N is a Number is a one-hour 16mm documentary filmed over a four-year period in four countries between 1988 and 1991. The film was produced, directed and edited by George Paul Csicsery. Cinematography is by John Knoop and original music was composed by Mark Adler. Two animated sequences were developed for the film by Red Dot Interactive of San Francisco. The film was produced with support from Film Arts Foundation, the Heineman Foundation, the Mathematical Association of America, the National Science Foundation's Informal Science Education Program and the American Mathematical Society.
tt0076111
Biography,Drama,Sport
The movie follows Muhammad Ali's life from the 1960 Olympics to his regaining the heavyweight crown from George Foreman in their famous "Rumble in the Jungle" fight in 1974.
